175-2 An Unexpected Connection

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Several dozen minutes later]

[Restaurant]

An: Anyway, cheers!
Slade & Elena: Cheers! Yay!
Rebecca: Ceddy and Slade told us that everyone from Vivid BAD SQUAD would also be here...
Rebecca: But are you sure about us joining all of you like this? I feel kind of bad...
An: Of course! The more the merrier, right?
An: But I still can't believe it. I didn't know you two knew my dad and Uncle Taiga.
Rebecca: We initially began as fans of RADder.
Kohane: Of RADder?
Elena: That's right! We saw the three of them sing when we were little, and were totally blown away!
Elena: Like, “kaboom”! Oh, in Japanese, that'd be...
Toya: “Kaboom”... Like an explosion or lightning strike.
Akito: Okay, so they hit you really hard?
Elena: Yeah, the impact was huge!
Elena: And their music was just so different to what we'd heard before.
Rebecca: That was also how we ended up meeting Slade and Ceddy.
Rebecca: We actually got song lessons from RADder themselves with the boys from time to time.
An: Wait, really...?!
Slade: But we started learning first.
Slade: Which means you two are our juniors. What's the word? “Imoto-dashi”...?
Cedric & Rebecca: You mean “imoto-deshi.”
Slade: Yeah, that!!
Akito: How'd you land on “imoto-dashi”?
Taiga: Seriously, it's always so loud when you four are around.
Ken: Good to see that not much has changed since then.
Ken: By the way, Elena, Rebecca...
Ken: You two are participating in RUSH BEATS, right?
Elena: Of course we are! After all, our goal is to stand on top of the world.
Slade: I knew it! That makes us all rivals.
Rebecca: Vivid BAD SQUAD's entering too, huh?
An: Yup! There's no way we're passing up this opportunity.
Elena: Yes! We finally get to face off against the fabled An that Ken and his team told us all about!
An: Haha. Kind of a little embarrassing when you put it that way.
An: But that means I especially can't lose!
Akito: So you say, but we haven't even applied yet...
Kohane: We did just hear about RUSH BEATS yesterday.
Rebecca: Wait, really? Then, does that mean you don't know all the details yet?
Kohane: Yes, it does. We did take a quick look at the tournament website, but...
Kohane: We don't actually know what the rules are, or the tournament's format for that matter.
Cedric: Alright, in simple terms...
Cedric: RUSH BEATS began as an event that was put together by people from around these parts who love street music, for similar-minded people.
Cedric: Then, it grew and grew into a festival where thousands come to watch.
Akito: Thousands...? That's pretty big for an event for “similar-minded people”.
Cedric: Yeah. And just last year, they got a big-name sponsor on board.
Cedric: Now, it involves prize money, it's broadcast on TV and the internet...
Cedric: And winning gives you a chance to perform at Lasting ECHO Fest.
Toya: I see...
Rebecca: But because it has so many entrants now, most don't make it past the prelims.
Rebecca: Only the top eight teams are allowed to advance to the actual stage.
Elena: Yeah, it has gotten bigger, but the most basic rule hasn't changed.
Elena: The team that gets the audience going the most wins!
An: The team that gets the audience going the most...
An: Yeah, okay. That's easy enough to understand!
Akito: I like that better than some big list of complicated rules.
Elena: Oh, you all sound pretty confident.
Toya: Not quite... More like we're used to that sort of simplicity.
Kohane: *Nod* It didn't matter if we were singing on Vivid Street or at the live houses we trained with...
Kohane: In the end, all it came down to was how much we could excite the people who came to listen.
Taiga: Alright then... I'm looking forward to seeing who comes out on top.
Ken: Me too.
An: (I can't wait... Tt's gonna be such an awesome event!)
An: (Who knows what's gonna happen if we end up facing off during the knockout stage...)
An: (Come to think of it, I don't think I've heard Cedric sing yet. Only Slade sang that other time.)
An: (Plus, Elena and Becky are both amazing, but I think they were just playing around that time...)
An: (I doubt we've seen their full power yet.)
An: I wanna know what they all really sound like...
(Black cut)
