When Vivid BAD SQUAD go for a meal with Ken, Taiga and the twins before their return to Japan, an unexpected reunion sparks a newfound fire in An.

175-1 Lingering Heat

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[New York]

[Hotel - Cafe Entrance]

An: Over here, you two!
Taiga: Hey.
Ken: Sorry, did we keep you waiting?
Akito: No, we just came down from our rooms a second ago.
Taiga: Anyway, let's get some food—
Taiga: Wait, where are the twins?
Kohane: Cedric and Slade messaged us just now to say they'd be a little late.
Kohane: Apparently, they ran into some people they know on the way over here...
Taiga: Oh? Pretty bold of them to keep me waiting like this.
An: You're always late for everything, Uncle Taiga, so I think it's only fair that you should have to wait for people every once in a while.
Ken: Fortunately, we still have some time until our reservation. Let's just wait patiently for them.
An: Hehe. I'm glad we get to have one last meal together, since we're heading back to Japan tomorrow.
Toya: Me too.
Toya: Still, Ken, Taiga, aren't either of you feeling tired from yesterday?
Akito: Yeah, you two are just coming off an incredible performance.
Taiga: Hah! Not a chance.
Akito: That's unbelievable...
Kohane: Less than a day after being a part of such an amazing event...
An: It probably helps that they're used to that kinda thing...
An: But we sorta felt the same way after RAD BLAST, didn't we? We were all beat, but emotionally we were on cloud nine!
Kohane: Oh, right.
Kohane: We were only part of the audience yesterday, but my heart never stopped racing...
An: Yeah! It was like my whole chest had caught fire!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: (My chest still feels really warm.)
An: (I'm so excited that I can't really stay still...)
An: I'm so glad that we decided to visit the United States.
An: I mean, getting to see a world-class event right up close is one thing...
An: But we also have a new goal now. To win RUSH BEATS!
Toya: Getting a firm idea of what standing on top of the world actually means is a major development for us.
Akito: Still got plenty of obstacles in front of us, of course.
Toya: Right. RUSH BEATS is a tournament, and the outcome certainly won't be decided in one day.
Toya: While it happens, we'll likely be going back and forth between Japan and the US. Performing abroad means needing to secure travel funds and places to stay.
Kohane: *Nod* There's probably a whole list of other things we need to think about as well.
An: Yeah, probably...
Taiga: In any case, good luck with everything.
Ken: We started this fire, so feel free to ask us for advice.
Ken: However, your first step is to give things a go yourselves. You'd be surprised how often things just work out if you throw enough effort at it.
Ken: And while you're out there blazing your own trail, you're getting stronger along the way.
An: Yeah, okay!
Ken: Speaking of which...
Ken: If you're going to participate in RUSH BEATS, then you might end up facing them.
An: Them?
Ken: Yeah, they're about the same age as all of you...
???: Thanks for waiting, you guys!
Taiga: Look at that, sounds like the twins decided to grace us with their presence.
Slade: Sorry we're late! You guys have probably been waiting for a while, huh?
An: No, that's okay! You ran into some people you know along the way, right?
Cedric: Yeah. We mentioned we'd be eating with Taiga and Ken, and they insisted on coming to say hi since it's been so long.
Kohane: Wait, do you mean...?
Elena: Hiya! Sorry to barge in on you! We just wanted to... Huh?
An: *Gasp*
Elena: Wait, you're the guys from yesterday!
Rebecca: What are you all doing here...?
Elena: Wait a minute, are you Vivid BAD SQUAD?!?!
Kohane: Y-Yes, but...
An: Umm...
An: What's going on here?
(Black cut)
