175-7 As Rivals

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[New York City - Park]

Elena: Dad started teaching Becky and me how to sing when we were little.
Elena: How to be better than everyone else. How to be the most marketable.
Elena: It was all that, all the time.
An: Wait, that's...
Rebecca: Strictly speaking, he didn't force us.
Rebecca: But...How do I put this? It was like we couldn't really see any other option... There was always that anxiety pressing on us.
Elena: He was only nice to us because he saw us as his prized “products”.
Rebecca: Elena...
Elena: You know the truth now, Becky. There's nothing he won't stoop to to get what he wants.
Elena: He chews up other people's dreams and spits them out when he's done using them. And he always smiled in front of us... Like nothing at all was wrong.
Elena: He tries to keep it all under the table, but when I think about how many musicians' careers he's ruined I...
Elena: Sorry. I keep getting all worked up...
An: No, that's okay. But are you sure about this? You don't have to continue if you don't...
Elena: I'm fine! I just get so angry whenever I think about what happened back then.
Elena: I'm angry at him... And myself, for giving up and just doing as I was told.
Kohane: Elena...
Rebecca: Back then, to us, singing was something that we just had to do...
Rebecca: To get praised by our dad and the other grown-ups around us. We never even really thought about whether we liked it or not.
Elena: Yeah, but...
Elena: Everything changed when we heard RADder sing.
Toya: When you heard RADder?
Rebecca: We met RADder for the first time at the venue for a music event.
Rebecca: We were just there because of our dad's work, so we didn't really have much to do.
Rebecca: Elena and I ended up sneaking out of the green room.
Elena: Then, we got lost and almost started to cry.
An: Wait, were you two okay?
Elena: Yeah. See, RADder happened to be at that event too.
Elena: Nagi ran into us by chance and looked after us. We met Taiga and Ken then too.
Kohane: I see...
Toya: So, that was when you heard them sing?
Rebecca: Yes. We asked our dad, and he got us into the invited guests section.
Elena: And we were totally blown away!
Elena: That was the first time we'd ever seen a group of adults having so much fun as they sang.
Elena: We realized that songs need to come from the heart...
Elena: Music isn't something you do for praise. Not for money or fame, either.
Elena: Music is something purer than that. And they're the ones who taught us.
Rebecca: Yeah... When we heard them sing, that's when we realized.
Rebecca: We wanted to learn how to sing from our hearts...
Rebecca: After that, every time RADder came over to the US, we went to go see them in secret.
Rebecca: That was also around the time when Slade and Ceddy started letting us practice with them.
Slade: That takes me back.
Cedric: Me too. You two even began learning Japanese because you wanted to talk to Nagi and the others in their own language.
Elena: Yeah! Looking back, Nagi and her team really did teach us a lot.
Elena: On the other hand, our dad really didn't react well when he learned that we were learning how to sing from RADder.
Akito: Because it wasn't the music he wanted you two to sing?
Rebecca: Exactly. And it's true, as time went on, we were more and more drawn to RADder's music...
Rebecca: And we began to want to sing more freely.
Elena: Yeah. We wanted to sing like them. With heart and passion.
Elena: So we told the old man we wanted more freedom, and to stay away from us, basically.
An: So, did he end up agreeing to that?
Elena: Well, since then, he hasn't tried to make us do anything...
Elena: But the way he pivoted so quickly did bother us a little.
Rebecca: I mean, he hates wasting time. He probably wrote us off the second he realized that we weren't worth it.
Elena: Yeah, that's possible!
Cedric: We knew you were DG's daughters, but this is the first time we're hearing any of the rest.
Elena: We weren't trying to hide it. We just didn't want him going anywhere near you two...
Elena: God only knows what's going through his head, so I'd prefer to keep on staying far away from him.
Rebecca: But that's easier said than done... If we're going to pursue music, then it's going to be hard to avoid him.
Rebecca: We may run into him again by happenstance like today. Or people might start spreading rumors about us.
Elena: I know, right? Like we're nepo babies, or he's fixing our competitions or stuff like that.
An: (Right...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: (The reason why those two sounded so angry and hurt while they sang was...)
An: (Because of their past.)
An: (Seeing the grown-ups around you make all these decisions without asking for your opinion must've been really hard...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: Why?! Why?!
An: Why was I the only one who didn't know something this important?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: (It's different from what happened to me, but...)
An: Thanks for telling us all this, you two.
Elena: No, thanks for listening.
Rebecca: And we're really sorry about dragging you all into this mess...
Kohane: No, Becky, you two have done nothing wrong...!
Akito: They're just rumors, so all you need to do is ignore them.
An: Yeah! Also...
An: I sorta understand how you two feel.
An: So, you know... We're all gonna be fine!
An: I don't care what anyone says about you two, Elena. And if I do hear anything, I'll shut them right up!
An: So, you can count on us, as your rivals!
Rebecca: Thanks, rivals.
Elena: But we aren't about to let you guys win, so be prepared!
(Black cut)
