175-3 One Thing Left to Do

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Megurine Luka)

[Outside the restaurant]

Taiga: Alright, we're out. Got a meeting with our record company.
Ken: We'll drive you all over to the airport tomorrow, so rest up until then.
An: Okay! Thanks, Dad.
Toya: Thank you very much for today.
Elena: Make sure to come hear us sing next time, okay?!
Taiga: Yeah, if we feel like it.
Akito: So, what do you guys wanna do now?
Toya: Well, we don't have anything scheduled...
Elena: Really? Then, wanna keep strolling around for a bit more?
Kohane: Huh?
Elena: You're all heading back to Japan tomorrow, right? Since you're here, we should hang out at least a little more!
An: Yeah, good point! I do wanna look around a bit more before heading back.
Cedric: Hanging out is fine and all, but did you have any places in mind?
Elena: Leave it to us! After all, this is basically our backyard.
Elena: So, come take a trip on the Special Manhattan Course!
An: Special Manhattan Course...?!
Akito: I guess let's follow them...
(Black cut)
Musician: ♪————! ♪————!!
An: Wow, awesome! There's a ton of people singing here...!
Elena: This is an avenue where street musicians like to gather!
Cedric: You'll want to keep an eye on that team singing on that corner. They're pretty legit, and word is they're definitely going to sign up for RUSH BEATS.
Kohane: I see...
Akito: The other teams also sound pretty good. Wanna listen to them for a bit?
(Black cut)
Rebecca: This shop carries all sorts of super rare music goods. You guys come here pretty often, right, Slade?
Slade: Yeah! We can't get enough of this place because they have so many hidden gems.
An: Really...? Oh, hey! Isn't this shirt from a LAST DAYS concert?
Rebecca: And it's signed by every member...! Where in the world did they get this?
An: C-Can I take a picture...?!
(Black cut)
Elena: Even among professional musicians, this studio's super duper ludicrously popular!
Akito: Hm? This building looks kinda familiar somehow.
Toya: This place appears in quite a lot of films, so that may be why.
Rebecca: Hehe. That's the thing. So many people dream of coming here.
Elena: Becky and I are always talking about recording music here someday!
An: You two must genuinely love music!
Elena: Huh?
An: All the places you've shown us have been connected to music in some way.
Elena: Haha. Yeah! We basically spend each day singing or listening to music.
Rebecca: It's been that way since we were little.
Rebecca: But RADder is the main reason we got so obsessed.
Rebecca: We probably wouldn't take it so seriously if we hadn't met those three.
An: Hehe. I see.
Elena: Come to think of it, we've just been taking you guys around to all our favorite spots.
Elena: Are there any things that you guys wanna do? This is your last chance to enjoy what the United States of America has to offer!
Toya: Our last chance?
Akito: Not much comes to mind...
An: Oh, in that case...
An: Let's sing! I wanna hear what illys and Embers really sound like!
Slade: You wanna hear us sing...?
An: Yeah. We're all gonna be rivals at RUSH BEATS, right?
An: Let's all get a sense of what we can do. What do you say?
Kohane: I'd also like to hear you all sing...!
Akito: Same... We still haven't had a chance to hear you guys sing as teams.
Elena: Alright, let's do it! We've still only had a chance to hear Kohane sing!
Slade: Then, which team should go first?
Cedric: Wait, we shouldn't sing here. We don't want to block the way for everyone.
Toya: Good point. We should try to find somewhere a little more spacious.
Kohane: What about the place where Elena and Becky sang yesterday...?
Slade: Since we're here, why not go to a live house?
Akito: A live house... Is there one that'll just let us waltz in?
Slade: There's a place which does open-mic events that's just a short walk from here.
An: Open-mic events...? So anyone's allowed to perform, right?
Toya: Yes, it doesn't matter if you're a professional or an amateur. Everybody is free to sing and perform in front of the audience.
Toya: They're supposed to be very common outside of Japan.
Akito: Really? Then, let's go take a look.
Slade: Okay! It's this way!
An: (I can't wait to hear the way they all sing.)
???: <An. An.>
An: Huh? That voice...
Luka (VBS): <I came to take a peek at what was happening, and things have gotten very exciting all of a sudden!>
Luka (VBS): <Each team is going to sing, right? I'll be listening from here, so give it all you've got!>
An: Thank you! Oh, since we're doing this, I was thinking of singing in English...
An: So, would you mind telling us later if we sounded funny to you?
Luka (VBS): <Yes, of course!>
Luka (VBS): <But still...>
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000474/bg_s000474.webp)
Luka (VBS): <You seem really happy, An.>
An: Huh?
Luka (VBS): <Oh, did I get the wrong impression?>
Luka (VBS): <Your eyes are just twinkling so much.>
(White cut)
(Background change)
Elena's Voice: Huh? Are you on the phone with someone, An?
An: Oh, uhh...! Sorry, we just finished our call!
An: Anyway, let's go.
Akito: Geez, don't scare us like that...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Live House]

Slade: I got us some time on the mic!
Cedric: Each team will get ten minutes, so I'd say aim for about two songs per.
Akito: Okay, sounds good.
Elena: We're going last, huh... But I wanna sing now!
Rebecca: You were the one who said we should decide by playing rock paper scissors.
Slade: Hehe. And we get to go first!
Akito: We should get closer to the front so that we can see everyone perform.
An: Okay! Hm...?
Kohane: Is something wrong, An?
An: I think you can get drinks from that counter over there. Since we're here, why don't we see what the others want and—
???: “That was close.”
An: *Gasp*
An: “I'm sorry! Uhh...”
???: “No, I'm the one who should be apologizing.”
???: “My attention was all focused on the stage. I'm glad that we didn't actually collide.”
An: ...!
An: (This person's voice... He isn't talking that loudly or anything, but I can hear him so clearly all the same.)
An: (Like Dad or Uncle Taiga...)
???: “Get away from An!”
An: Elena...?
(Black cut)
