175-6 A Nagging Feeling

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Several dozen minutes later]

[New York City - Park]

(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(White cut)
An: Wow...! This place is huge!
Kohane: It's such a beautiful park...!
Elena: Hehe. The weather's really nice, so it's the perfect time to talk about our little show!
Rebecca: The locals have picnics and stuff here a lot.
Slade: Why don't we grab some grub at the food trucks and munch while we talk?
Akito: Sure. How does that patch of grass sound?
Toya: Yes, that looks good. It even has benches. Let's go claim them now, shall we?
(Black cut)

[Thirty minutes later]

Slade: *Sigh* It's so nice to get direct feedback like this.
Toya: You learn so much when you can get an objective view on your own music.
Elena: Anyway, it's our turn next! How did we do, you guys?
Toya: Yes, well... First, I think we were all surprised by that bold key change in the intro.
Cedric: Yeah, that track was pretty wild... Or rather, it was very “Elena”.
Elena: Hehe. You're gonna make me blush, praising me like that.
Kohane: Does Elena write all the songs for illys?
Rebecca: *Nod* I'll help arrange things from time to time, but she does most of the work.
An: That was such an amazing song!
An: That street performance you did was really powerful, but the way you sang this time was—
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: An?
An: Umm...
An: You two were really amazing. I got goosebumps right at the start of the first song.
An: I don't think I'll ever forget hearing it.
An: But...
Elena: But?
An: Sorry, this isn't really a criticism or anything... But something felt different compared to that street performance.
An: How do I put it...? It sounded like you two were in pain.
Elena: ...!
Elena: *Sigh* I did it again...
Elena: I know that I have to switch gears when I take the stage, but it still shows when I sing.
Rebecca: Sorry, I wish I could've covered for you a little better...
Rebecca: It's just... I wasn't expecting to see him there.
An: Huh?
Cedric: ...
Cedric: I think it's going to be impossible to avoid him, if you're joining the tournament.
Kohane: Wait, what do you mean by that...?
Rebecca: This seems like a good time to tell you all...
Rebecca: If you're all going to compete, then you're bound to find out sooner or later.
Rebecca: So, Vivid BAD SQUAD... We'd like to tell you this directly.
Akito: Sounds like a complicated situation...
Kohane: Is this something to do with RUSH BEATS?
Elena: Yes...
Elena: The thing is, our dad... He's one of the sponsors for RUSH BEATS.
Elena: A big one at that.
Kohane: What...?
Toya: For RUSH BEATS...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Cedric: Yeah. And just last year, they got a big-name sponsor on board.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: (Come to think of it, Cedric did mention something about that...)
Elena: When you're competing at RUSH BEATS, you're probably gonna hear all sorts of rumors...
Elena: Some true, some not true and everything in between...
Elena: So, before you're exposed to them, we need to tell you the real story ourselves.
Elena: Would you mind listening for a bit? About us and our dad, DG...
An: Elena...
An: Yes, please tell us.
(Black cut)
