1-4 Until Our Date

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Teehee♪ Hehe♪
Saki: Which one should I wear?
Tsukasa: Saki, can I come in?
Saki: Sure♪
Tsukasa: I just wanted to ask... Whoa, why are your clothes all over the place? Are you going to start a fashion show?
Saki: No, I'm just picking out what to wear for a date.
Tsukasa: A...date?!
Tsukasa: D-D-Date?!
Tsukasa: I shouldn't be so shocked... You're not a little girl any more.
Tsukasa: Whatever you choose, you have my full support. Follow your heart!
Saki: What? Tsukasa, why are you giving me a dad speech?
Saki: Besides, it's just a date with my girlfriends!
Tsukasa: Ah, you're just going out with your bandmates?
Saki: So, you wanted to ask me something?
Tsukasa: Yes, about your plans for the next weekend. Our parents are going to be away on a trip.
Tsukasa: I'm doing a show then, so I won't be home either. I was worried about leaving you home alone, in case something happened.
Saki: Well, you don't have to worry, because I'm going out with my bandmates on Saturday.
Tsukasa: Great, so you'll have company.
Saki: And anyway, you worry too much! The doctor said I was fine.
Tsukasa: Well, yes but...
Saki: I am fine! You can go out and enjoy your weekend without being so concerned about me.
Tsukasa: Okay, if you're sure. Just... Remember to look both ways before you cross the road!
Saki: I will!
Saki: Tsukasa is such a worrywart.
Saki: Hmm... It would be terrible if I did end up feeling unwell on the day of our outing, though.
Saki: As much as I enjoy the sports club and my job, I should take it easy. I'll go to bed early today.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school]

[ Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Soft Tennis Captain: Okay, team. Time to go home!
Saki: See you later!
Honami: Hi, Saki. Did you have soft tennis?
Saki: Yeah. And you had home ec club? Let's walk home together!
Honami: Sure!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Saki: So in the end, I decided I'll wear the shorts I bought the other day, and I'll pair them with...
Honami: Huh?
Honami: Your face looks really flushed.
Saki: What? Really?
Saki: I don't feel like I'm running a fever. Maybe I applied too much blush?
Honami: I don't think that's it... Just to be safe, maybe you should check your temperature when you get back home.
Saki: Yeah, I'll do that. Thanks.
Saki: I'm sure it's nothing, though! My base temperature's naturally a little higher than average.
Saki: (What if I do have a fever? I've been feeling kind of spacey, now that I think about it.)
Saki: (No matter. A good night's sleep will make it go away.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school the next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Saki: Oof...
Saki: (Hona was right, I had a temperature. I better head back home early and make sure I get plenty of rest.)
Saki: Hmm? It's from my boss? Can anyone cover these shifts?
Saki: I thought the next month's schedule wouldn't be up for a while. Why are they already looking to cover shifts?
Saki: Ms. Yamada's kid has caught the flu, and she had to urgently take a week off from work. Whaaat?!
Saki: Please let me know ASAP if you can take any of her shifts.
Saki: It looks like they're struggling with finding someone to cover Saturday, but that's the day we're going to the observatory.
Saki: Well, I'm busy on that day...
Saki: H-Hello, it's Saki speaking.
Manager: I'm sorry about the sudden call. Have you seen my message? Ms. Yamada's not coming in this week. Could you cover her shift on Saturday?
Saki: I'm sorry, but I can't do Saturday...
Manager: What about today? I've got someone who can take the Saturday shift if you can swap with them today.
Saki: Um...
Saki: (I'll probably be okay if I make sure to pace myself. They really need my help.)
Saki: Yes, I think I can make it today!
Manager: Really?! Thank you! You're a life-saver!
Saki: I'll head over now!
Ichika: Hey, Saki. You don't have your sports club today, right? Are you going home now?
Saki: Sorry, Ichi! I have to cover someone's shift at the cafe. I've got to run, or I won't make it. Bye!
Ichika: Oh, okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saki: I have to hurry!
Shiho: Saki?
Shiho: Where was she running off to?
Shiho: I'll have to remind her again to take it easy.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Saki: Sigh... I really have no luck today. Why did it have to be so busy at work?
Saki: It feels like my temperature's gotten a little higher, too...
Saki: Maybe I should cancel band practice tomorrow...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Shiho: There's one condition, though. Don't start slacking off with band practice because of this trip.
Shiho: If I see you start to get lazy, I'm out. Got it?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Saki: If I don't go, our day trip to the observatory may be canceled, too...
Saki: I have to buckle down and somehow make it to Saturday.
(Black cut)
