1-7 Ever Forward

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Aha! It's you guys! Let me guess, you're here to check on Saki?
Ichika: Y-Yes, that's right...
Tsukasa: Well, well! I'm going to be busy in my room, planning a new show, so don't mind me and go right upstairs to Saki's room.
Tsukasa: Ooh, I just had an idea for a show that's certain to be a huge success! I am a genius after all!
Tsukasa: And once it's ready to be performed in front of an audience, you're welcome to come and see it, of course!
Ichika: Haha... We'll be sure to.
Shiho: Saki's brother is the same as always.
Honami: Shiho, let's keep that to ourselves.
Tsukasa: I also have to thank you for walking Saki home yesterday.
Tsukasa: You're such great friends to her. Thank you for always being there for her.
Honami: Hehe. You're such a caring brother.
Tsukasa: So, Saki's in her room. She was awake just a while ago. I'm sure she'll be happy to talk to you.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: Saki, we're all here to visit you!
Ichika: Saki? Maybe she has nodded off? Saki, it's us.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Saki's Room]

Ichika: Oh... She's not here?
Shiho: Maybe she's in the bathroom.
Ichika: Could be. Let's wait for her here.
Honami: I need the bathroom too, so I'll be right back.
Shiho: I always forget she has this cool ceiling with stars.
Ichika: Hehe. They're fluorescent, so it must look even prettier when it's dark.
Ichika: This really takes me back. Remember, we were all helping her stick the stars to the ceiling. Tsukasa lent us a hand too.
Shiho: Saki's so short but she insisted on sticking some stars herself. It only took longer because of that.
Honami: Well, this is strange. Saki wasn't in the bathroom.
Ichika: Huh?
Honami: Tsukasa was sure she was upstairs.
Shiho: But she's obviously not. Could she have gone out?
Shiho: Don't tell me she went to the observatory on her own...
Honami: But in this weather she wouldn't be able to see the sky anyway.
Ichika: She really wanted to see the stars...
Ichika: I think I know where she might have gone!
Ichika: Honami, Shiho, we're going to find her.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: My stay at the hospital wasn't easy, but there were some good moments, too.
Saki: The doctors and the other patients were very kind to me, and taught me tricks like juggling.
Saki: But sometimes I felt really lonely. I'd look at the stars to feel better.
Luka: Because it reminded you of the times when you stargazed with your friends?
Saki: Yeah.
(Black cut)
Miku (Ln): Where did Luka go... I've been looking for her everywhere.
Miku (Ln): Oh, there she is. Who's she talking to? Saki?
Miku (Ln): (Saki looks sad today. Maybe Luka is trying to cheer her up.)
Miku (Ln): (I should leave the two of them to talk.)
(Black cut)
Saki: Thinking that I would stargaze with them again once I got better helped me bear the really unpleasant medical exams.
Saki: But sometimes this anxiety would suddenly overwhelm me.
Saki: How to describe it...
Saki: It was a fear of...running out of time.
Luka: What do you mean?
Saki: I felt I was losing the time I had to be with my friends.
Luka: Oh...
Saki: I kept thinking, we should be having classes together instead of this.
Saki: Or, I should be on that school trip with them, having fun and chatting late into the night.
Saki: I should have been with them, but the clock was ticking away while I was in the hospital, unable to do anything.
Saki: I was so aware of losing the time I should be making the most of.
Saki: Sometimes I'd feel as if the time I spent with my friends before the hospital was also disappearing.
Saki: That made me really scared.
Luka: ...
Saki: That's why now I'm doing all I can to make sure every moment matters.
Saki: I decided I won't let any more time I should be spending with my friends slip away.
Saki: This only led to me pushing myself past my limits, getting everyone worried...
Saki: I acted...really stupid.
Luka: You couldn't help being anxious.
Saki: Huh?
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_a000008/bg_a000008.webp)
Luka: You wanted to get back what you lost. That's perfectly normal.
Luka: You felt that all those things couldn't wait.
Luka: But you don't need to be in such a hurry to make up for the lost time. It's okay to do things slowly.
Saki: You think so?
Luka: I can feel it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Luka: I think your friends would agree too. Wouldn't you? Ichika, Honami, Shiho?
Saki: Huh?
Saki: Whaaat? When did you get here?!
Shiho: We went to visit you, but you weren't home. Ichika guessed you had come over here.
Shiho: What are you doing out of bed, you dummy?
Saki: I-I'm sorry!
Shiho: No, I'm sorry.
Saki: Huh?
Shiho: For being harsh towards you. I had no idea why you were acting that way.
Shiho: You getting sick and being cooped up in bed the other time was also my fault since I pressed you to do more than you could handle.
Shiho: And I did this again, despite Luka's warning that you seemed out of sorts.
Shiho: It makes me so angry at myself for not being a good friend who'd notice when something's not right. I said some really mean things to you.
Shiho: I'm really sorry.
Saki: You have nothing to apologize for, it's all my own fault!
Honami: No, Saki, it's not. I also blame myself for not having realized what was going on with you. It wasn't that hard to figure out, if I'd only given it some thought.
Honami: I'm sorry.
Saki: Oh, Hona...
Ichika: ... Saki.
Ichika: You can slow down. We're going to spend lots of time together.
Ichika: It's like Luka said. There's no need to hurry.
Ichika: We're not going anywhere, you know. We're always going to be your friends.
Saki: You're making me tear up...
Saki: I'll try to be less anxious.
Saki: Thank you, everyone!
(Black cut)
