1-3 Less Stars More Bass

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: The observatory?
Saki: Yes! Let's all go next Saturday! You don't get to go inside that often, you know!
Honami: Oh, I heard about it too! They're mostly closed to the public.
Honami: They will be hosting an open lecture about stars. I was thinking of going myself!
Saki: I should have known, you're such an astronomy buff!
Honami: You're exaggerating... Besides, that place is quite famous.
Luka: That's very interesting, a place where you can see the stars and learn about them.
Miku (Ln): I can imagine that knowing more about stars makes gazing at them even more enjoyable.
Saki: Right?
Shiho: You don't need to go to an observatory to see the stars. They even look prettier when seen with the naked eye.
Saki: That's... That's a fair point to make, but it'd be nice for a change and we could all go together.
Saki: We could also go to a cafe, check out clothing stores, and go karaoke on the same day.
Shiho: Is that the main reason you want to go?
Saki: Um... Those are just other fun things we could do...
Saki: Hona! Shiho's being mean to me...
Honami: There, there. No need to get upset.
Miku (Ln): Are you not interested in going to the observatory, Shiho?
Shiho: It's not that. I just think it's not worth going so far for that.
Shiho: That time would be better spent on more band practice.
Ichika: You're so down to earth, Shiho. Or should I say, down to play bass.
Shiho: Is that supposed to be funny?
Ichika: Was it not?
Saki: Sometimes the things you come out with are kind of bizarre!
Ichika: Bizarre...
Honami: Saki, you can't say that!
Shiho: If you just want to hang out, we can do that close to our station. There's no need to—
Luka: It's important to be in sync with each other in order to make good music as a team.
Shiho: Huh?
Luka: There's no harm in connecting through things other than music every now and then. It can only help you as a band.
Miku (Ln): Yup, I agree.
Saki: Shiho... You really don't want to go?
Shiho: Sigh... Give me a moment to think it over.
Shiho: I've got work on that day, so I'll have to swap my shift with someone else.
Saki: So you'll come? Yay!
Shiho: Stop being so clingy. I get enough of that from my sister.
Miku (Ln): Sounds like you persuaded her, Luka.
Luka: I only gave Shiho a little nudge in the direction she already wanted to go.
Shiho: There's one condition, though. Don't start slacking off with band practice because of this trip.
Shiho: If I see you start to get lazy, I'm out. Got it?
Saki: No worries! I'll practice diligently every day!
Honami: Every day? But you also have soft tennis practice, and your part-time job. Won't that be too much?
Saki: I'll be fine! I'm not as weak as I used to be!
Ichika: You say that now, but just the other time you overworked yourself and caught a bad cold that kept you in bed for a whole week.
Saki: I can manage! You two worry too much.
Saki: Nothing's going to stop me from enjoying my wonderful teenage life♪
Shiho: All right, then.
Honami: Let's have a wonderful time!
Saki: Yeah!
Shiho: Is something the matter, Luka?
Luka: No, not really. Nothing too important.
Miku (Ln): That only makes me more curious. What is it?
Luka: It's just that... Saki's a little different today.
Shiho: Hm?
Luka: The tone of her voice told me that she was straining herself.
Shiho: Her voice sounded strained...?
Shiho: This rings a bell... I don't want that to happen again...
Shiho: Thank you, Luka. I'll make sure to look after Saki.
Luka: Please do.
Saki: Shiho, let's get started with band practice!
Shiho: All right. Saki, it's good to be enthusiastic, but don't push yourself past your limits, okay?
Saki: Don't talk to me like I'm a child who can't take care of herself...
Saki: I can play our songs perfectly now, you know!
Shiho: Really? Okay, let's make a bet. If you make a mistake, you've got to buy me ramen.
Saki: Whaaat?!
Shiho: It shouldn't be a problem if you're so confident, right? And if you play everything without slipping up, I'll treat you to bubble tea. With toppings, the price's the same.
Saki: You promise to treat me? I'm going to win this bet for sure!
Honami: Oh!
Ichika: A-Are you okay, Honami?
Honami: When you think about it, it makes no sense! Why on earth would ramen cost the same as bubble tea?
Honami: When you think of the cost of the ingredients, it just doesn't add up... What's wrong?
Ichika: Honami...
Shiho: We thought something was seriously wrong when you suddenly shouted.
Honami: Oh? I...I'm sorry! It just suddenly hit me, you know...
Saki: Hahaha! You made us all jump!
Honami: Sorry! Let's um, let's start our practice session!
Saki: Okay! Let's start from just before the chorus. Get ready!
Miku (Ln): They seem to be having fun. Are you still worried, Luka?
Luka: A little.
Luka: Maybe I'm overthinking it.
(Black cut)
