Saki has formed a band with her childhood friends and is enjoying what each day brings. She happens upon a poster for an observatory event one day and decides to plan a visit with her bandmates, but...

1-1 Alone in the Rain

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Ngh... Huh?
Saki: I didn't realize I fell asleep. Ugh, my neck hurts. I must have slept in a weird position.
Saki: It's raining again. I'm fed up with rain.
Saki: I hope the weather's nice when my family comes to visit.
Saki: ...
Saki: If it doesn't clear up, I won't see the stars tonight, either.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_a000007/bg_a000007.webp)
Saki: I wonder how everyone's doing. Are they having fun with their classmates?
Saki: I...miss them so much.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Ngh...
Saki: Wait a second... This isn't a hospital bed...
Saki: Oh, that's right. I'm not ill anymore.
Saki: I can see everyone again.
Tsukasa: Saki! Are you not ready yet?
Tsukasa: It's good to take care getting ready for the day, but if you take too long, you'll be late!
Saki: What? It's morning? Wh-What time is it?!
Saki: Oh no... I overslept!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Saki: Huff...  Huff...  I... I made it...
Saki: That was close. If Tsukasa didn't wake me up, I'd definitely be late for classes.
Ichika: Morning, Saki. Glad you made it.
Ichika: You're not the type to oversleep in the mornings, so I was surprised when you messaged me. Did you stay up late?
Saki: No, but I guess I was so caught up in my dream I couldn't wake up.
Ichika: What sort of dream?
Saki: Well... It was, um...
Classmate: Guys, the teacher's coming.
Saki: Ah, thanks for the warning!
Saki: Come on, Ichi! We should return to our seats!
Ichika: Yeah, right.
(Black cut)
Saki: (She'd feel bad if I told her I was dreaming about when I was in the hospital.)
Saki: (The hospital was too far for her to visit me often, and she seemed to feel guilty because of that.)
Saki: (I don't want to cause my friends any more worries now that I've gotten better.)
Saki: (Let's make the most of this day!)
(Black cut)

[After school]

Saki: Yay, time to close the textbooks and head off to practice!
Ichika: Yeah. You're really hyped today, Saki.
Saki: I guess so! I almost started the day on the wrong foot, but it's all good now!
Saki: Besides, today we have a date you-know-where!
Ichika: That's right. It's been a while since we last went. I'm looking forward to it too.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Honami: Hi Saki. Hi Ichika.
Saki: Honami! It's been a long day at school, huh? Lemme give you a hug!
Honami: Aaah! Careful, Saki. You almost made me fall over!
Shiho: Don't cause a scene in the corridor.
Saki: Shiho! Don't you worry, I've got a hug for you too! Ugh!
Shiho: I asked you to cut it out. We've got important plans today, so let's find somewhere out of public sight.
Honami: Shiho, maybe you shouldn't be pinching Saki's cheeks. Her face is looking hilarious though... Hehe.
Ichika: Haha! Saki, you should see yourself!
Saki: I pwomise I won't twy to hug you anymowe, fo let go of my sheeks!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Ichika: Looks like no one's around. Are you all ready?
Saki: Yeah!
Ichika: Okay... Here we go!
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Welcome back!
Luka: Hehe. We've been waiting for you.
Saki: Miku! Luka! Thanks for having us!
Miku (Ln): Always happy to. I see you're full of pep as always, Saki.
Ichika: And yet, this morning she almost turned up late for classes. I was surprised.
Shiho: What, really? That's unusual for Saki.
Honami: You're always at school so early. What happened this time?
Saki: Heehee... I fell asleep again right after waking up.
Shiho: Okay, that checks out.
Saki: Enough about that. I can't wait to show the fruits of our hard work to Miku and Luka!
Ichika: Okay, let's get ready to play.
Honami & Shiho: Yeah!
Saki: (That dream made me break a cold sweat, but I'm fine now.)
Saki: (I'm no longer all alone. I'm with my friends.)
Saki: (I have to make up for the lost time!)
(Black cut)
