1-2 Together With Everyone

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Saki: I'm going to have to leave you now and go to work. See you tomorrow!
Shiho: You're working at the cafe today? Well, take care.
Honami: Good luck with work, Saki!
Ichika: Bye!
Shiho: She was even more hyper than usual today.
Honami: Maybe something nice happened to put her in a good mood? Like having her favorite food for dinner.
Shiho: She'd have told us. She's just like a little kid, bragging about having delicious hamburg steaks.
Honami: But if that's not it, what could it be?
Ichika: I wonder too.
Shiho: Well, whatever it is, it's good that she's happy.
Shiho: I'll be going to the music store.
Honami: I have some shopping to do, too. See you later, Ichika!
Ichika: Okay, see you tomorrow.
Ichika: Ah...
Ichika: (Maybe Saki was so high-octane simply because she enjoys hanging out with us?)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Saki: Thank you so much for coming all the way to see me, Ichi!
Ichika: If anything, I owe you an apology for not visiting more often.
Saki: Don't be silly! It's a two hour journey by the high-speed train for you. The tickets must be super expensive.
Saki: I'd feel bad if you were making this long journey again and again.
Saki: I wish I could see Hona and Shiho too, but it's understandable they couldn't make it.
Saki: I'll just have to put all my energy into getting better so that we can hang out together again!
Ichika: ... Hopefully that'll happen soon, Saki.
Ichika: I'll be going now. See you later.
Saki: Okay, see you!
Ichika: Um...
Saki: Oh, by the way! Peach Doll cookies from the confectionery at the station make great little gifts. Maybe you can get some to take back with you!
Saki: Bye, Ichi!
Ichika: Saki... Bye.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Ichika: (She just wanted to be back with all of us so much.)
Ichika: (I'm really happy we've got this band going now.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Saki: All done for today!
Manager: Thank you, Ms. Tenma. Have you noted down what shifts you're available for next month? The deadline's quite soon.
Saki: Oh, right... There, done!
Manager: The same as this month? Got it. Okay, you take care.
Saki: Thank you. You too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Scramble Crossing)
Saki: Hehe, my planner's loaded♪
Saki: I've got band stuff, school club activities, and part-time work. I'm living my life to the fullest!
Saki: It's just that...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Saki: I...miss them so much.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Saki: I want to spend more time with them...
Saki: Hmm, a new poster? They must have put it up today.
Saki: The astronomical observatory is now open to the public. Witness the wonders of the night sky with family or friends.
Saki: This is it!
Saki: We could stargaze together! Teenage life doesn't get more dreamy than this!
Saki: SEKAI has all those pretty stars, but I'd like to see the night sky in the real world, too.
Saki: So where's this observatory... Ah! It's near the station on that trendy street nearby!
Saki: We could go shopping around noon, then have lunch... It's the perfect opportunity to check out that bakery I read about in a magazine recently!
Saki: And there's also that art gallery I wanted to go to. But will we have enough time for all that?
Saki: We'll have to find the time! It's going to be a day filled with memorable experiences!
Saki: Stargazing at the observatory at the end of that awesome day out will be the cherry on the cake!
Saki: It's going to be so much fun! Okay, I've got to organize this!
Saki: We're going to do everything!
(Black cut)
