1-8 Our Starry Sky

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI - Rooftop]

Shiho: How's your cold, Saki? Maybe you shouldn't be walking around in your PJs.
Saki: Right, I forgot... My fever hasn't fully gone down, yet, so I should go back home.
Ichika: Sounds like a good idea. Let's reschedule our observatory trip for when it's next open to the public.
Saki: Okay. That's not going to be for a while, but I'll just have to be patient.
Shiho: Hopefully the weather will be better then.
Ichika: If only the skies were always clear in our world, like here.
Honami: That's an idea...
Honami: Guys, I have a suggestion. Maybe this could do in the meantime.
Saki: Hmm?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Ichika! Let's begin!
Ichika: Okay, just give me a moment.
Ichika: Now, which bag did I put the juice and cups in...
Miku (Ln): Should I pour the juice into the cups and carry them over there?
Ichika: Oh, no need to trouble yourself! You let us take your place over, that's already very kind!
Miku (Ln): I intend to join in, so let me help.
(Black cut)
Shiho: I laid down mats on the floor.
Luka: You even brought cushions. That looks very comfy.
Shiho: Uh, sorry for acting like we own the place.
Luka: Hehe, that's fine. This is your SEKAI after all.
Luka: Hmm, I'd like to lie down here. Aah, it's nice and snug.
Miku (Ln): Here's some juice for you! I see you're getting all relaxed, Luka.
Luka: Hehe, want to join me? You could lie down next to me.
Ichika: Sorry to keep you waiting! I brought cookies and more juice. I'll put them down here.
Honami: It looks like we're ready to start.
Saki: Yesss! Do your thing, Hona!
Honami: Welcome, everyone. Please enjoy the wonderful views of tonight's starry sky.
Saki: Oh yeah! This is going to be sooo great!
Shiho: Saki, keep it down.
Saki: But isn't it nicer when the audience gets hyped?
Ichika: Not at planetariums, no.
Honami: Please look straight ahead at the northern sky. You will notice seven stars that appear brighter than all the others...
Miku (Ln): They couldn't go to the observatory, so instead they came up with this planetarium make-believe.
Luka: I think this is a lovely idea.
Luka: Miku, I was meaning to ask you, didn't you come to the rooftop when I was talking to Saki?
Miku (Ln): So you noticed?
Luka: I had a feeling you were watching.
Luka: You didn't interrupt because you sensed I could get her to open up, didn't you? Thank you.
Miku (Ln): Huh... Nothing gets past you, Luka.
(Black cut)
Honami: ...and here we have Regulus, a first magnitude star, which means it's among the brightest.
Saki: Ngh... I'm...getting sleepy...
Shiho: Don't you fall asleep on us, Saki.
Saki: Hona's voice is so gentle, it's like a lullaby. I can't help it...
Shiho: Seriously, girl...
Ichika: Why don't we take a break? Honami could also use it, she's been talking non-stop.
Honami: I don't mind, but it seems that Saki needs a nap.
Shiho: Don't let her nap or she'll just keep on sleeping until morning. Come on, Saki. Stay awake.
Saki: Don't be so spartan, Shiho!
Shiho: No complaints. Go and wash your face, it'll wake you up.
Miku (Ln): Or we could perform a song together. I'm sure that will energize you!
Luka: Oh yes! Performing under the starry sky, how wonderful!
Saki: Yay, let's do this! Which song are we going to do?
Ichika: Performing with Miku and Luka? Oh gosh...
Honami: Hehe. Saki perked up already.
Shiho: When it's something she wants, she finds the extra energy.
Shiho: I'm also down for playing, though.
Saki: Let's do it!
Saki: Oh, but first, can I just say something? Before I forget?
Ichika: Sure, go on?
Saki: So, um...
Saki: This planetarium play, and playing in a band with Miku and Luka make me so happy.
Saki: Time spent with you all has been so wonderful.
Saki: I hope we can keep doing things like this and make many great memories together.
Ichika: That's the plan!
Saki: (Everything will be okay now. No more anxiety, no more fears.)
Saki: (I'll take my time and enjoy every day as it comes, together with my friends.)
(White cut)
