105_KAITO_R1 Cool Blue Melody

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

KAITO: Hi, everyone. My name is KAITO. Nice to meet you!
KAITO: Wow! Thanks for that rousing welcome!
KAITO: I heard some of you here have never met us before. I'm glad you seem to be enjoying yourselves still!
KAITO: In that case, maybe I should do a quick introduction of myself before we start.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Hm... I see... A simple self-introduction like this can be effective too.
Tsukasa: The main part is the song that comes later, in which case, it would be best to keep the introduction simple...
Emu: Wooonderhoy☆
Tsukasa: Naaargh?! You again, Emu?!
Tsukasa: Stop suddenly jumping out from behind like that!
Emu: Hehe, did it make your heart go badump-badump?
Tsukasa: It badumped so hard I almost dumped my smartphone onto the floor...
Emu: Hey! You're watching a VIRTUAL SINGER live show!
Tsukasa: Grr... Do you ever listen to what anyone says?
Tsukasa: Sigh. Never mind. You should watch and learn too.
Emu: Learn what?
Tsukasa: Just watch and you'll understand.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: ——♪ ——♪
MEIKO: ——♪ ——♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Whoa!
Tsukasa: Well? Understand now?
Tsukasa: The stage isn't particularly gorgeous, and they're wearing their usual outfits.
Tsukasa: Yet, you can really feel their presence!
Tsukasa: Is it the stage effects? Or because they're just that good? Doesn't it make you wonder?
Emu: Mhm... Speaking of things that make me wonder...
Tsukasa: Hm? Did you discover something useful from the video too? Go on, share it!
Emu: Yeah... So...
Emu: Why does KAITO wear a scarf?
Tsukasa: Ugh... I was a fool to believe it would be anything good.
Tsukasa: KAITO's been around for a while, and now you wonder?
Emu: I know, but MEIKO's clothes look so cooling, right? Yet KAITO wears a scarf and a coat...
Emu: Gasp! Is he like...super afraid of the cold?!
Tsukasa: VIRTUAL SINGERS don't feel cold...
Tsukasa: The scarf's something like KAITO's trademark anyway. It's normal for him to be seen in it.
Emu: Trademark?
Emu: I know! Just like it's normal for pandas to have black eyes!
Tsukasa: Pandas are born with black eyes, though?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO & MEIKO: ——♪ ——♪
MEIKO: Thanks, KAITO! I had a great time singing with you.
KAITO: Me too! It's been a while since we sang together like this. It was a pleasure indeed.
KAITO: Shall we call everyone back out to the stage?
KAITO: Let's all come together to make things livelier than before!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

KAITO: Shall we call everyone back out to the stage?
KAITO: Let's all come together to make things livelier than before!
Rin & Len: We're here!
KAITO: Ah! Rin and Len?! You're supposed to come out later...
Rin: But you just said, let's all come together!
Len: First to appear gets to go first!
Rin & Len: Let the music begin!
KAITO: Huh? Wait... Whaaat?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama High School - Courtyard]

Rui: Hehe...
Nene: Ah...
Rui: Hi, you're here.
Nene: Were you lying in wait for me?
Rui: After all, we're going to be Phoenix Wonderland colleagues from today.
Rui: You don't know where the staff entrance is, right? I thought you might need a guide.
Nene: Yes, but...
Rui: By the way, have you seen this video yet, Nene?
Rui: It's a video of KAITO performing at an event. They've made part of the show available for a limited time.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rin: No! I still wanna sing with KAITO!
Len: I haven't had enough, yet, either!
KAITO: C-Come on, you two... I'm sure we'll have plenty of chances to sing together again next time, okay?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nene: I didn't know you were interested in VIRTUAL SINGERS...
Rui: They're cutting-edge technology. Of course I'm interested.
Rui: I'm also interested in their singing.
Rui: Has it ever occurred to you that their singing voices are quite compatible with narrative songs?
Nene: Narrative songs?
Rui: A song with an unfolding story and specific characters. Does that make it easier to understand?
Rui: The songs featured in musicals are something like that.
Rui: I think VIRTUAL SINGERS would excel at singing such songs.
Nene: Why?
Rui: A human voice would be affected by the singer's mood, techniques, and frame of mind, right?
Rui: With VIRTUAL SINGERS, there are no such considerations.
Rui: It falls squarely on the director to use them to draw out the best part of a song's characteristics and appeal.
Rui: Actors capable of moving exactly the way the director wants like that are few and far between, you see.
Nene: Oh, you meant that...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: Phew... Sorry about the ruckus Rin and Len caused.
KAITO: Once again... Please enjoy the next song!
KAITO & Miku: ——♪ ——♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nene: Oh!
Rui: From a cheerful pop rock song to an alluring ballad...
Rui: You need great flexibility to pull off this disconnect well.
Rui: There's a lot of equipment to prepare for a show like this. It may not be possible to do in Phoenix Wonderland...
Rui: But if the opportunity arises, I would love to perform together.
(Black cut)
