106_KAITO (WxS)_R2 Wonderland SEKAI

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: He's usually hanging out around this stage... Ah, I see him!
KAITO: Hello, Tsukasa. Are your friends not coming today?
Tsukasa: It's just me this time. I come to seek your wisdom, KAITO!
KAITO: Okay? What would you like to know?
Tsukasa: You seem to be the leader of your troupe. Can you tell me how you manage to put shows together?
KAITO: In what way?
Tsukasa: I want to learn your secret for getting an unruly troupe of weird actors under control so that you can stage great productions.
Tsukasa: For me, it's a constant struggle to rein in my team so that they don't ruin everything with their crazy ideas.
Tsukasa: My ambition to become the world's top star is at stake!
Tsukasa: Ahem... So, anyway. I'd like some advice on how to act as a leader.
KAITO: What you're asking is...how I manage to stage shows with Miku and the plushies as my actors?
Tsukasa: Exactly. Do you bribe them with candy to get them to listen to you?
Tsukasa: Or are you able to predict what trouble they're going to cause and stop them in time?!
KAITO: Haha, no, I don't do anything like that.
Tsukasa: Then what's your secret?
KAITO: Well...
KAITO: The other day we did a show including some magic tricks...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

KAITO: You will now witness my miraculous escape!
KAITO: Miku is going to pierce this box with swords, while I'm trapped inside! Miku, are you ready?
Miku (WxS): Suuure thing♪
Miku (WxS): It's stabby-stabby time☆ The first sword's goooing in!
Miku (WxS): Aaand another! Aaand a third!
Miku (WxS): And now some more!
(Background change)
KAITO: W-Wait! Miku, I asked you to use only three swords, remember?
(Background change)
Miku (WxS): Of course I do! But we've got five swords here. Wouldn't it be a shame not to use them all?
(Background change)
KAITO: That wasn't in the plan!!!
(Background change)
Miku (WxS): Without further ado, here we go~☆
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsukasa: Holy cow, that's terrifying!
KAITO: Haha. Luckily, it turns out I'm more flexible than I thought.
Tsukasa: How can you just laugh it off...?
KAITO: Miku's improvisation proved very popular with the audience and we got a huge applause.
KAITO: Of course it's best when everybody in the troupe shares the same vision, but accidents happen, and isn't it our job as showmen to deal with that?
Tsukasa: !!
KAITO: That's why it never occurred to me to try to exert control over my troupe.
KAITO: My role is to enable them to put on the most exciting shows they can think of.
Tsukasa: I guess that's our lot...
Tsukasa: But doesn't that mean I just have to put up with the insane antics of my crazy team?!
KAITO: It's a trade-off. It's more difficult for you, but makes for more fun, exciting shows.
Tsukasa: You're right, can't disagree with that...
KAITO: You know what each member's forte is, and how to bring it to the forefront. You're going to make an exceptional leader.
KAITO: Well, I am the world's top star-to-be after all!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO: Well, we're getting there...
Rui: Greetings, KAITO. I hope I'm not interrupting anything?
KAITO: Hello, Rui. You came here on your own this time?
Rui: Yes. Is that surprising?
KAITO: Well, it seems to be the new trend...
Rui: Oh?
KAITO: Nevermind. You're always welcome.
KAITO: I'm in the middle of tidying up the stage. I'm sorry I can't give you my full attention at the moment.
Rui: Would you like me to help?
KAITO: If you don't mind?
Rui: I'll be happy to lend you a hand, if we could chat a little about this SEKAI while we're at it.
Rui: This world is one big mystery, and I'm very curious about it.
KAITO: Sure, we can talk while getting this place in order.
KAITO: First, we need to roll call the puppets and plushies.
Rui: Roll call?
KAITO: This is to check that one's gone missing. You do it like this... Puppets, line up!
Puppets: Here♪
Rui: Ah, it's certainly helpful when your props can line up when called to account for everything.
Rui: It makes it much easier.
KAITO: Could you call out numbers and check if we've got everyone? I'll count the plushies.
Rui: Sure, you can leave this to me.
KAITO: Plushies, line up!
(Black cut)
KAITO: Okay, we got everyone. Thank you for your hard work, plushies and puppets! See you at the next show!
Puppets: Okay♪ See you next time♪
Rui: So you just let them go?
KAITO: Yes. They can roam freely in this SEKAI.
Rui: You have quite the variety of plushies and puppets. Some are cute, some have a cool look. They also come in all colors and sizes.
Rui: What criteria do you use to choose the right ones for your shows?
KAITO: I don't. I enroll the ones who volunteer to help.
KAITO: As you know, this world is created from strong feelings. They shaped each of the plushies.
Rui: You mean Tsukasa's feelings?
KAITO: Yes. And it's not only the plushies. Everything here reflects something in Tsukasa's psyche.
KAITO: That's probably why instead of a human audience, we have toys and animals watching our shows.
KAITO: I think that it's because when Tsukasa was little, he used to play theater in front of his toys.
Rui: If that's so, then do you suppose the wild variety of genres of your shows is also to do with Tsukasa's experiences?
KAITO: Yes, I would think so.
KAITO: Why don't you ask Tsukasa about it?
KAITO: Getting to know him better is the key to understanding this SEKAI.
Rui: Hmm... We're not really the sort of close friends who'd discuss each other's childhood memories.
Rui: He's always fixated on the latest show we're working on and that's all we talk about.
Rui: On the other hand, he's the only person who can offer the most valuable insight into this world... So I might try to have a more personal chat with him.
KAITO: You definitely should. It makes me happy that you have an interest in our SEKAI.
(Black cut)
