107_KAITO (WxS)_R3 Troupe Positions Open!

Gacha phrase: Wh-Where is everyone going?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Urgh...
Miku (WxS): Tsukasa finally came to SEKAI, but we didn't get a chance to do a show together with him...
Miku (WxS): I was so sure he would find his true feelings if we just did a show together...
KAITO: Yes, that was unfortunate...
KAITO: Well then, how about we start making preparations now for doing a show together with him the next time he drops by?
Miku (WxS): Oh, that's true! We should do that!
Miku (WxS): You're so clever, KAITO♪ Let's prepare for our next show with him!
Miku (WxS): I wonder what kind of show Tsukasa wants to do?
KAITO: Well, he said he wanted to be a star, so maybe something glamorous and florid?
Miku (WxS): Glamorous and florid... Florid... Flo...
Miku (WxS): I get it! Flowers!
KAITO: What?
Miku (WxS): There are singing flowers everywhere around, right? Why don't we do a show together with them?
Miku (WxS): I'm gonna go ask them about this! KAITO, go ask around too and see if there's anyone else willing to take part in the show with us☆
KAITO: Hey, wait, Miku!
KAITO: Anyone else who may be willing to take part in the show with us, huh? In that case...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: And that's why I'm here. Would all of you like to take part in our next show together?
Plushie A: Yeah!
Plushie B: I wanna be in a show!
KAITO: Thank you! Okay, this way to the stage...
Plushie A: *waddle waddle*
Plushie B: *toddle toddle*
KAITO: Oh dear... It's going to take quite a while for us to reach the stage at this rate. Here, I'll carry you guys.
KAITO: Up you go! Alright, to the stage we g—
Plushie C: What're you guys doing?
Plushie D: Is this a game?
KAITO: Hey, you two. Would you like to be in the show too?
Plushies: Yes!
KAITO: Good! Then grab my arm and...
(Black cut)
KAITO: Huff... Huff...
KAITO: I'm happy so many of you want to join the show, but... You guys are really starting to get heavy...
KAITO: The stage is just ahead, though. I can do this!
KAITO: Huh? Did everybody suddenly get lighter?
Plushie A: Bubbles!
Plushie B: I see bubbles too!
KAITO: Hey, wait! Where's everyone going?!
Plushie C: I'm gonna blow the bubbles away!
Plushie D: So am I!
KAITO: Bubbles? Where are they coming from?
Miku (WxS): KAITO! Look at how pretty this is♪
KAITO: Miku! Where did you get those bubbles from?
Miku (WxS): The flowers told me about them! The bubbles were on the ground over there, so I sent them flying here!
Miku (WxS): Let's use flying bubbles in our show too! Maybe Tsukasa will join us because of how sparkly they are!
Plushies: Sparkly!
Miku (WxS): I hope our sparkly show can help Tsukasa to find his true feelings!
KAITO: Yes, I hope so too, Miku.
KAITO: Can I help you move the bubbles?
Miku (WxS): I don't see why not☆
KAITO: Okay then. Here goes! Huff!
Plushies: Wow! So pretty!
KAITO: A smile on everyone's face is the best kind of happiness.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO: Everybody! The show is about to begin! ...Oh, who's this?
Emu: Hellooo♪
Nene: Hello...
KAITO: Welcome, welcome, Emu and Nene! Our show is just about to begin. Would you like to stay and watch?
Emu: Can we?! I wanna see, I wanna see♪
Nene: Yes, me too...
KAITO: Both of you are here by yourselves today?
Nene: All four of us came together, but...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku (WxS): Heeey♪ Come join us in our show later☆
Tsukasa: You're as random as always, but if you're saying that you need my star abilities, then...
Tsukasa: Hehe... It is a request I cannot turn down.
Miku (WxS): Yaaay☆ Okay, Tsukasa can play the role of the character who makes his entrance by jumping off a flying train♪
Tsukasa: Yes. I'll make my entrance by jumping off a flying train... Are you trying to kill me?!
Miku (WxS): No, why would I?
Tsukasa: Says the person who wants me to jump off a flying train!
Rui: No, wait. There has to be a good way to do this, Tsukasa! Let's think this through together!
Tsukasa: And you're just hoping to get a kick out of this! Absolutely not!
Rui: Oh dear, he ran away.
Miku (WxS): Hahaha☆ Wait for meee♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: And then they all ran off somewhere together.
Emu: That's so nice! I wanted to play chase with them too! I can't believe they just vanished while I was talking with the flowers.
KAITO: I don't know what to say...
KAITO: I'm sorry. Miku must have been really excited because it's been a while since everyone visited.
KAITO: Let's go to the stage, we can probably find everyone there.
Emu: Okay♪
Nene: That reminds me... Every time I come to this SEKAI, I can't help but wonder...
KAITO: What is it?
Nene: This place is made from Tsukasa's feelings, right?
Nene: I would have expected a place like that to have a loud and conspicuous self-proclaimed star who's just like him...
Nene: Everyone here takes part in shows, but nobody tries to claim to be a star the way he does. I wonder why?
Emu: It must be because everyone in this SEKAI is a star♪
Nene: Everyone is a star? How does that work?
Nene: Remember how he was like before? Back then, it felt like he always wanted to be the one to stand out the most.
KAITO: Well... I would say that Emu's thinking is actually quite accurate.
Emu: Hehehe!
Nene: Huh?
KAITO: I'm sure that somewhere deep inside, Tsukasa always knew a lone star couldn't shine brightly or do a show by himself.
KAITO: A good show is the product of many people who work hard to fill different roles.
KAITO: Each one of them has to shine in their given positions.
KAITO: A real star can only shine brightly when his companions do the same with a smile. He must have felt that somehow.
Nene: I really doubt anything like that goes through his mind...
Emu: Hey, look! Tsukasa's already at the stage!
Tsukasa: You guys sure took your time!
Tsukasa: The rehearsal for my entrance scene starring me, by me, and for me shall now begin! Play along, everyone!
Rui: I hope you can jump off the train successfully.
Emu: Whoa! Good luck!
Nene: KAITO... Don't you think you're giving him too much credit than he deserves?
KAITO: Haha, maybe!
(Black cut)
