121_KAITO (WxS)_R4 A Chat With The Lost (event_3)

Gacha phrase: I hope we can overcome it together.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO: Hmm, they're not on the stage either. Where else have I not looked?
Miku (WxS): Huh? Is something wrong, KAITO? Today's show won't be starting for a while yet, right?
KAITO: Hello, Miku. Actually, you came at just the right time.
KAITO: Have you seen a doggie and kitty plushie anywhere around?
Miku (WxS): You mean the plushies who had a fight with each other just the other day?
KAITO: No, I'm looking for a different pair right now. But I guess you could say this pair was having a bit of trouble too...
KAITO: With everything that was going on with Tsukasa and Rui, it didn't feel right to leave them be, so I asked them what had happened, and...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

KAITO: Phew. That was a good show we put on today. Now, to prepare for tomorrow's show... Hm?
Kitty Plushie: Ugh... Sniff...
Doggie Plushie: I told you, it's pointless to cry!
KAITO: What's going on? Did you get into a fight again?
Doggie Plushie: We're not fighting! It's just that kitty's being indecisive again!
Kitty Plushie: I-I'm sorry...
Doggie Plushie: What're you sorry for?!
KAITO: Alright, calm down. Can you tell me what happened?
Doggie Plushie: There's nothing to tell!
Doggie Plushie: Kitty, you're always like this when we get together to discuss the show!
Doggie Plushie: It's obvious you're thinking hard about something, but in the end, you never tell us what it is!
Doggie Plushie: If you have something to say, just say it!
KAITO: I see now... Then all the more we should try to find out what's on kitty's mind, right?
KAITO: Doggie, I know you have a lot of things to say, but could I trouble you to control yourself for a short while?
Doggie Plushie: Fine...
Kitty Plushie: ...
KAITO: It's alright. Doggie and I will listen to you without interrupting.
KAITO: So, go on, tell us what's on your mind. What do you want to do?
Kitty Plushie: Sniff... But...
KAITO: Don't worry. Just tell us.
Kitty Plushie: Okay...
Kitty Plushie: I...I want to be friends with everyone too...
Doggie Plushie: I told you—
KAITO: Now, now, you promised to control yourself, didn't you? Let kitty finish.
Doggie Plushie: Right...
KAITO: Kitty, please continue.
Kitty Plushie: I want to be friends, but I'm worried that I'll say something weird and end up being an outcast... That would hurt me more than being alone...
Kitty Plushie: That's why I...I just can't bring myself to speak my mind...
KAITO: Ah... You're afraid of being alone.
KAITO: But you shouldn't worry, because you already have a friend right here, don't you?
Kitty Plushie: I do?
Doggie Plushie: ...
KAITO: Doggie's always trying to get you to speak up because it wants to know what's on your mind. This means that doggie is concerned about you.
KAITO: That also means that it wants to get to know you better, don't you agree?
Kitty Plushie: Get to know me better?
KAITO: Yes. So now all that's left for you to do is to pluck up the courage to speak.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Miku (WxS): Ah, that was very nice of them.
KAITO: Yes. At that time, I felt like Rui's solitude was somewhat connected to the kitty plushie.
KAITO: That's why I wanted kitty to realize that it had a friend who was concerned about it.
Miku (WxS): Hmm... Ah!
Miku (WxS): Are those the plushies you were looking for?
KAITO: Oh! Yes, that's them right there. Looks like they're talking about something.
Doggie Plushie: This is the scene where I take down the demon lord! I want to look super cool doing it!
Kitty Plushie: Um, then... Maybe...
Doggie Plushie: Take your time to come up with something good. I've recently learned how to wait!
Kitty Plushie: Hehe. Okay!
KAITO: I think things are fine between them now.
Miku (WxS): Yups♪ And that's awesome!
KAITO: A place where you can put on the show of your life, along with friends who will support that, huh?
KAITO: I hope it's going well between Rui and his friends too.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Len: What? You're leaving already?
Tsukasa: Yeah. We practiced quite a lot, after all! And we have to prepare for tomorrow's show, too.
Rui: Although the Halloween show is over, we still have our regular stage performances to tend to.
Rui: By the way, Tsukasa, what's your opinion about going around the world? Hehe...
Tsukasa: I don't like where this is going, but...tell me more.
Len: Hey, that sounds cool! Tell me more too!
(Black cut)
KAITO: (Looks like both Rui and Tsukasa are back to their usual selves now. That's great.)
Len: KAITO, I'm back!
KAITO: Welcome back. I saw that you were having a lot of fun with Rui and Tsukasa, hm?
Len: Hehehe, they promised to perform together with me the next time they're here!
KAITO: That's fantastic. I look forward to that.
Len: Also, I was thinking of asking Rin to join us in the performance too, but does Tsukasa know that Rin is already in this SEKAI?
KAITO: Yes. I introduced her to them before, and they even did a show together too.
KAITO: Now that you mention it, I haven't been seeing her around much lately. But I'm sure she's just found somewhere to play by herself in this SEKAI.
Len: Yup. Probably playing on an attraction somewhere today too!
Len: Whenever we do meet, she's full of stories to tell about the attractions she's played and plushies she's met!
Len: That's why I want to tell her about the shows that I've been doing with you and everyone else too!
KAITO: Okay, I'm glad to hear she's keeping well.
Len: By the way, while I'm inviting her to join this next show, can I invite her to your theatrical troupe too, KAITO?
Len: She's really interested in performances and such, so I'm sure she'd jump at the chance to join!
KAITO: Yes, of course. We would love to have her.
Len: Yay! Okay, I'll invite her the next time we meet, then!
Miku (WxS): Aww, Len's so happy.
KAITO: He must've been itching to perform together with Rin.
Miku (WxS): Yup♪ I can't wait to see them perform together too!
Miku (WxS): Besides, I know you want to see Tsukasa and Rui's show too, now that they've made up with each other, right, KAITO?
KAITO: Yeah.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_a000027/bg_a000027.png)
(White cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: I'm really so glad to see that Rui has recovered from feeling down.
Miku (WxS): I bet it was because Tsukasa tried his bestest to help♪
KAITO: Haha. I bet it was!
KAITO: By thus supporting your friends in what they want to do, and putting smiles on their faces...
KAITO: Tsukasa, Emu, Nene, and Rui are certainly starting to grow and mature together as a troupe.
Miku (WxS): Yeah! You can't make lots of people smile if you don't make yourself smile first☆
KAITO: Yeah.
KAITO: Our smile makes our friends smile, which leads to the smiles of the people watching our shows, and their smiles will, in turn, make us smile as well.
KAITO: I hope we can become a troupe that connects the smiles of many people together like that as well.
Miku (WxS): Huh? What're you talking about, KAITO? We already are a troupe that connects smiles together!
KAITO: Huh?
Miku (WxS): Every day, we perform happily together on stage, right?
Miku (WxS): And when Tsukasa, Emu, Nene, and Rui come to watch or join us in our shows, they're always smiling too, no?
Miku (WxS): And then when we see them smile, the plushies and myself will break out into huge grins too!
Miku (WxS): See? A neverending loop of smiles♪
KAITO: Haha, you're absolutely right. Thank you, Miku!
KAITO: Well then! We'll have to keep this momentum going, and continue making great shows together!
KAITO: So that this loop of smiles never stops going!
Miku (WxS): Yes, let's do our best! Whoo!
(Black cut)
