140_KAITO (WxS)_R4 Secret Guidance (event_7)

Gacha phrase: I'm ready for the real deal!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[Two months before the School Festival]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO: Alright, shall we call it a day?
Everyone: Good job, everyone!
KAITO: And good job today, Len, Miku.
Len: Thanks! But I feel like I could've kept going.
Miku (WxS): Me too! It's so fun to rehearse with you♪
Miku (WxS): Hey, Tsukasa. When will I see you next?
Tsukasa: Oh, actually... I'm not sure any of us will be able to drop in for a while.
Len: What?! Why?!
Rui: We'll be busy preparing for our School Festival.
KAITO: A School Festival? Is that when students run pop-up food stalls and organize various events?
Tsukasa: That's exactly right! In case you were wondering, my class is doing a theatrical performance!
Emu: Hehehe! Even for the festival, Tsukasa's gonna be on stage♪
KAITO: That's good for you, Tsukasa. What's your play about?
Tsukasa: Oh, that's a secret! But I can tell you that it's going to be a masterpiece because I wrote the script AND am the lead actor!
Nene: I'm surprised your classmates were okay with that. A play's a lot of work, so most people try to avoid doing one.
Tsukasa: Heh. They tried to shoot me down at first, but when I showed them the script, they unanimously approved it!
Nene: Somehow, I find that hard to believe.
Tsukasa: But it is the truth! This play is so exquisite, it moves people to tears. You should be looking forward to it!
KAITO: Hmm... A School Festival... And a play, huh?
Tsukasa: Oh? Are you interested, KAITO?
KAITO: Of course I'd like to see a show if my friends are in it.
KAITO: I'd even like to see the whole process from the beginning, rehearsals and even the actual show.
Tsukasa: Well, you can! And having you there will be good for us since you can offer us pointers and whatnot.
KAITO: Oh, you won't mind? In that case, I'll gladly come and help!
Emu: Aww, I'm so jealous! I want to see your rehearsals too!
Tsukasa: Didn't you say that couldn't come to the School Festival because you're doing something with your family that day?
Emu: Yeah... But I really, really want to go...!
Tsukasa: Uh... Hey, chin up! I'll perform some of the best parts of the play just for you at the Wonder Stage.
Emu: You will?! Yaaay! I can't wait to see it♪
KAITO: Me too. I'm looking forward to seeing your rehearsals.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Kamiyama High School]

Rui: Alright, we're in the clear. People are too busy preparing everything right now.
KAITO: <I'm sorry for inconveniencing you like this, Rui.>
Rui: You're not. I owe you more than this for your kind guidance and advice. Besides, I'm curious about Tsukasa's play myself.
Rui: And this is his classroom.
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Sweet Juliet! I will free you from the confines of your prison!
KAITO: <It sounds like the rehearsal had already begun.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 2-A]

Tsukasa's Classmate A: Not so fast! It shall be me who takes Juliet's hand in marriage!
Tsukasa's Classmate B: Nonsense! I'm the one and only real Romeo! I refuse to lose Juliet to an impostor!
Tsukasa: What's this?! You're all also Romeo?!
KAITO's Voice (KAITO): <There are quite a lot of Romeos in this play...>
Rui's Voice (Rui): They also mentioned a Juliet, so it seems like an adaptation of Romeo and Juliet.
KAITO's Voice (KAITO): <Yes. A loose adaptation... Judging from all actors carrying sword props, this version has more action scenes.>
Tsukasa's Classmate A: Urgh! You got me!
Tsukasa's Classmate B: How could I have lost?!
Tsukasa: Ha ha ha ha! That's two less Romeos to deal with!
Tsukasa: Okay, all good so far! But I want this battle scene to be more bloody and dramatic!
Tsukasa's Classmate C: I have an idea... Let's give each Romeo a different weapon. They all look the same when they all have swords.
Tsukasa: That's genius! What weapons do you think would work? I want to hear everyone's suggestions!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: Tsukasa's classmates were having a great time...
KAITO: <Yes. Tsukasa really has quite a bit of charisma...>
KAITO: <Like Miku, he's a natural mood maker. People simply gravitate towards him.>
Rui: Yes, I've noticed...
KAITO: <...>
KAITO: <Correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems to me that you're not all that interested in events like these?>
Rui: Well, I spent all middle school events chatting with one lonely friend on the school's rooftop...
KAITO: <Rui...>
Rui: But it may be different this time... A lot has changed since then...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Maybe if you trained for a hundred... No, a thousand... Better yet, a hundred million!　
Tsukasa: If only you trained for a hundred million light years more, you may've been a worthy rival. Alas, I shall erase you from existence here and now!
Classmate A: Tsukasa, isn't a hundred million light years a measure of distance?
Tsukasa: Huh? Is there a problem? It makes it clear how entirely my rivals are just like fish out of the water!
Classmate B: Uh, just checking if you meant it. Hahaha.
Tsukasa: Hm...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO & Rui: <Hehe.>
Rui: If Tsukasa's involved in this event, I might find it enjoyable too.
KAITO: (I seems like Tsukasa has been a positive influence on Rui too.)
KAITO: <He does make everything more fun for everyone.>
KAITO: <And if there's anything I, or anyone from SEKAI, can help you with, just ask.>
KAITO: <We're all friends after all.>
Rui: !!
Rui: Sure. Thanks, KAITO.
KAITO: <You're most welcome, Rui.>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO: Hello, everyone. It's good to see you.
Tsukasa: Good to see you too! Our School Festival went well and we're back to our usual schedule starting today!
Miku (WxS): Yay! That means we can do shows together again!
Emu: Yay♪ Come on, Nene! Show us your enthusiasm too!
Nene: Um... Y-Yay...
KAITO: Hehe. By the way, how did you play go?
Tsukasa: Yes, it was a huge success!
Tsukasa: So much so that I had students who didn't get to see it coming up to me asking for another showing!
KAITO: That's terrific.
Tsukasa: I know, right? Rui's advice, as well as yours, from when we were rehearsing definitely helped polish it to perfection. And let's not forget my incredible talent!
Tsukasa: But there's been something puzzling me since that show...
Tsukasa: I was expecting the audience to be in tears after that rollercoaster of tragic emotions, but they burst into tears laughing. Was my script too much for them?
KAITO: Haha, well...
Rui: Hehe. A mystery indeed...
Emu: Was it really that much fun?! I wish I could've seen it too!
Miku (WxS): Me too! Can you at least tell us what it was about?
Tsukasa: Ah. Well, it was a tragedy about nine Romeos fighting to the death for Juliet's love.
Tsukasa: They clash in a heated battle with sweat on their brows and blood gushing everywhere. They all fight passionately until the bitter end!
Miku (WxS): Wow, that sounds amazing!
Emu: Yeah, it does! It sounds weird, but it does!
Tsukasa: Wait, but I showed you some parts of it at the Wonder Stage!
KAITO: Perhaps we could do a performance here for everyone to enjoy?
Emu: Oooh!
Miku (WxS): Really, KAITO?!
KAITO: Of course.
KAITO: I've seen some of their rehearsals, but not the entire play.
KAITO: I'd like to see it performed in its entirety, if you'd be willing, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: I couldn't say no to you, KAITO!
Tsukasa: Alright then! Get ready for a special encore of Romeo: Battle Royale!
Miku (WxS): Yay♪
Rui: We'll need to prepare the stage and props. Oh, we need to choose the actors too.
Rui: Even if everyone here was given part, we wouldn't be able to fill every role.
KAITO: Let's ask Len and the plushies to join.
Miku (WxS): Good thinking! I'll go find them!
Tsukasa: Okay! We'll get everything set up in the meantime.
Nene: Hold on. What about the script?
Tsukasa: No problem there. I have it saved to my phone.
Nene: Not that. I meant its content.
Nene: You said it was about a gory battle. Isn't that too extreme for the plushies?
Rui: Removing fake bloodstains from them would be quite an ordeal, I imagine.
Tsukasa: I suppose we could tone it down to make it suitable for all audiences, like our Wonder Stage shows.
KAITO: Thank you for bringing that up, Nene. And Tsukasa, for being so accommodating.
Tsukasa: Hey, a star has to understand how his audience feels as well!
Tsukasa: So I'd better get started with revising the script then.
KAITO: Okay. Let me help you.
(Black cut)
KAITO: Alright, is that everyone?
Len & Plushies: Yes!
KAITO: Shall we assign who will be playing each Romeo now?
Tsukasa: In order of appearance we have: Hammer Romeo, who dies from stubbing his pinky toe; Tonfa Romeo, who dies from looking the wrong way...
Len: Hahaha! That's hilarious! Their causes of death are too funny!
Emu: Oh, there's more where that came from!
Miku (WxS): Hehehe! This is gonna be a tough choice♪
KAITO: (Tsukasa really never fails to make people around him smile.)
Tsukasa: Okay, most of the roles are assigned now. Wait, KAITO doesn't have a role yet.
KAITO: What will it be for me?
Len: You'll be Ninja Star Romeo, who dies from biting his tongue while speaking too fast!
KAITO: Wait, why don't I get a choice?
Tsukasa: And that leaves...
KAITO: H-Hey, can't we discuss this...?!
(Black cut)
