236_KAITO (WxS)_R2 A Cheshire Smile (event_25)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[The day of the Project Wonder show]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO: I believe that's everyone, yes?
Miku & Plushies: Yeah!
Rin: Even all the flowers decided to gather for this♪
KAITO: Yes. I didn't expect the plushies and flowers to gather like this considering how little time we have to prepare.
MEIKO: It is an opportunity to be in a special show that's bound to be a big hit, right? Who wouldn't want to join in on that♪
Len: Yeah! So when are we supposed to appear? When are they actually going to do this show?
KAITO: Patience, Len. I understand that you're excited, but we still need to do some final checks to make sure we all know what we're supposed to do.
KAITO: This show, Project Wonder... It's meant to be a monumental spectacle that can protect the hopes, dreams and smiles of so many people.
KAITO: That's why our part, Smiling Nighttime, has to go just as well as the main part of the show! We're giving it everything we have!
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Singing Flowers: ～～～～♪　～～～～♪
KAITO: Yes, that's perfect! You have some time to rest now before the show starts.
Miku (WxS): KAITO☆ Are the flowers done rehearsing?
KAITO: Yes. How about your team, Miku?
Miku (WxS): Heh heh heh. We're all set too♪ Never underestimate the great Miku!
KAITO: Hahaha. Wonderful! Alright, why don't we go see how the other teams are doing?
Miku (WxS): Okay☆
KAITO: Ah, there's Team Kagamine.
Rin & Len: ——♪　——♪
Plushies: Pom pom Pom pom♪ Pom pom pom pom♪
Miku (WxS): Wow! That's so cool☆ They're all in perfect sync♪
KAITO: Yes, it's very impressive!
Rin: ——♪　——♪
KAITO: (I'm glad Rin's enjoying herself too.)
KAITO: (She'd gotten to know Nene and Emu more lately, and seemed to be working a little harder than I would've hoped to cheer Emu up...)
Rin & Len: ——♪　——♪
KAITO: There's no need to worry now, I suppose.
Miku (WxS): Hehe. She has Len and the plushies with her too♪
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): KAITO, look! It's MEIKO and Luka!
KAITO: They'll be performing a song with the flowers, yes?
KAITO: Since it's MEIKO and Luka leading things here, I'm sure there won't be any cause for... Oh?
Luka: Zzz... Zzz...
Miku (WxS): Uh oh. Luka's asleep...
KAITO: Y-Yes, I can see that...
MEIKO: Hm? Hello, KAITO! Miku! Here to check up on us?
KAITO: Yes, well... How are things going for your team?
MEIKO: Perfect♪ The flowers are doing great! Luka said she'll be at 100% for the real thing and wants to get some rest in now...!
KAITO: Getting extra sleep whenever she can, huh....
MEIKO: Don't worry♪ She might look like a sleepyhead, but she's been so excited all day!
MEIKO: Let me prove it to you... Flowers! One, two...!
Singing Flowers: Lalala♪
Luka: Zzz...♪
Miku (WxS): What?! She can sing while she sleeps?!
MEIKO: See♪ She can't wait!
KAITO: Haha. Yes, I see!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: Okay, it's almost time...
KAITO: Has everyone returned?
Miku (WxS): Yeah♪ Team Miku is all present!
Len: Our team too!
Rin: I'm all set with my lines too♪
MEIKO: Same here! Ready whenever!
KAITO: Alright...!
KAITO: This is it everyone. The moment we've all been waiting for...
KAITO: It's a big moment for Tsukasa, us, everyone...!
KAITO: Let's make as many people as we can smile! Let's also have as much fun as we can!
KAITO: Here we go!
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Yay, they're here! Heeey♪
Emu: Hi, Miku! Wonderhoy☆
Tsukasa: Argh! Pipe down, will you?!
KAITO: Haha. 
KAITO: I also feel relieved since we hadn't seen any of you since Project Wonder ended.
Rui: Our show had a bigger impact than we expected, so we've been quite busy with our usual performances among other things.
Tsukasa: Not only that, we were chosen to become ambassadors for Phoenix Wonderland!
Tsukasa: We're about to become much, much busier than before!
KAITO: Ambassadors? Congratulations!
Nene: However, we still don't actually know what we'll be doing...
Emu: Hey, Miku, I don't see the plushies, Rin or anyone else. Where are they all?
Miku (WxS): Today's our day off and we don't have practice today♪ They might be off playing somewhere together...
Emu: Oh, okay! Let's go find them later, Nene!
Nene: Okay, okay...
KAITO: Since the show was a success, I guess there's no reason to worry anymore but, is Phoenix Wonderland all good now?
Rui: Yes. It looks like the partnership deal is off the table and Emu's brothers are reviewing the management policy.
KAITO: I see...
KAITO: It seems that Emu's feelings have finally reached her family.
Tsukasa: It sure did. Plus, it was also a show filled to the brim with the thoughts and feelings of the entire Phoenix Wonderland cast. There was no way that it wouldn't move them.
KAITO: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsukasa: I did all that because I wanted to cheer up Saki...
Tsukasa: Like that show we saw together, the one that made me want to become a star...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: On a subconscious level, I must have been so afraid that Tsukasa would start hating me and leave, like everyone else did...
Rui: Somewhere along the way, I started to press the brakes out of not wanting to lose what took me so long to find...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nene: I'm sorry for making you worry. I'm fine now. I've been practicing since morning and am ready for anything.
Nene: And now, I can sing like I used to... From my heart.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Emu: I want Phoenix Wonderland to be a place that makes everyone smile forever and ever!
Emu: I don't care if you replace all the rides and get rid of the stages...
Emu: I just don't want it to stop being a place where everyone can smile, laugh and be happy!
Emu: I'm sure that as long as we try to do that, we'll get more and more guests to come and visit... Please...!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

KAITO: (They've all been through so much...)
KAITO: (And even so, they never forgot their desire to make everyone smile with their shows)
KAITO: Thank you, everyone...
Miku (WxS): Oh! You seem happy, KAITO♪
Miku (WxS): That's so great! It means your smile came back full circle☆
KAITO: Yes, it really did!
Tsukasa: Hm? His smile? Full circle?
KAITO: Hehe. It's about something I told Miku earlier.
KAITO: By being in a show, your smile can make your friends and so many others smile. Those smiles can even boomerang back to put one on your face!
KAITO: My goal is to make it so this troupe can do just that.
Rui: I see. Thus coming back full circle.
KAITO: Exactly. That circle of smiles included me as well, and they all came right back to cheer me up.
KAITO: And...
Emu: ...?
KAITO: The circle you created, Emu, brought in Tsukasa, Rui, Nene and so many others...
KAITO: Your shows have all touched the hearts of countless people, and that joy returned to find a home in your heart, Emu.
Emu: Oh...
KAITO: You really are quite something. Your circle's come to include so many smiles.
Emu: Hehe. That's because everyone was there to help me!
Tsukasa: Yes, I see. That means...
Tsukasa: As ambassadors, we must expand this circle so that it will encompass this world! No, this universe...!
Nene: Universe might be going too far...
Emu: It'd be great to have some space aliens see our shows♪
Rui: Hehe. Instead of having a space-themed show, we could have a show literally in space. Imagine the possibilities...!
Nene: Yeah, yeah. You don't need to keep egging them on either, KAITO.
KAITO: Hehe. Hahaha.
(Black cut)
