272_KAITO (WxS)_R3 The Troupe Leader's Day Off (event_32)

Gacha phrase: What?! Fired?! I'm being sacked?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): I'm so excited♪ I can't wait♪
Miku (WxS): Hey, KAITO, when's everybody gonna get here?
KAITO: I'm sure they'll be here soon. Ah, there we are...
KAITO: Welcome, everyone.
Miku (WxS): Welcooome♪
Emu: Yay, it's KAITO and Miku♪
Nene: But... Is Rin not with you today?
Miku (WxS): No, she's busy practicing for a show with the plushies today.
Miku (WxS): So we're the only ones free to help you right now.
Tsukasa: And you'll do just fine. We really appreciate it, KAITO, Miku!
KAITO: Of course. You're here to discuss some things about your new show, yes?
Tsukasa: Yes! As we mentioned before, Wonderlands×Showtime has been given the honor of being ambassadors for Phoenix Wonderland.
Tsukasa: And for our first assignment, we'll be performing on a stage by the beach owned by an affiliate hotel!
KAITO: The beach? That sounds fantastic. A show by the sea.
Miku (WxS): Yeah! That's gonna be so much fun with the water being so wavy and sparkly♪
Emu: Hehe. Just like the Seaside School...
KAITO: So, do you already know what sort of show you'd like to do?
Rui: Yes, we'll be paying homage to the Little Mermaid this time.
Rui: We've been asked to put on a family-oriented show, so we'd like to take the original tragedy and turn it into something more fun.
KAITO: I see.
Tsukasa: We've come up with some ideas pertaining to the details, but we still don't know what to do about the overall story. Mind helping us out with that?
KAITO: It would be our pleasure.
Miku (WxS): Yeah☆ You can count on us♪
Tsukasa: Wonderful! Then let's get right to it.
(Black cut)
KAITO: The original Little Mermaid involves sisters as well, so you may be able to dive deeper into those relationships...
Tsukasa: There's the human prince too. Instead of falling in love, it may be better to have them simply become friends...
KAITO: Yes, I see. Also...
Emu: Oh, me next! What if we do a story that everyone can have fun with and goes all zing-zang-zoom♪
Nene: Zing-zang-zoom?
KAITO: Ah, Emu, so you wish to make it more of an adventure?
Emu: Yup!
Tsukasa: How the...?! What is it with you and Rui?!
KAITO: Haha. That may be because of my proximity to Miku.
Rui: It sort of comes to me naturally as well.
Tsukasa: I only understood the first part of what she said...
Nene: Same...
Robo-Nene: Shall I add that to my Emu-to-English dictionary, Nene?
Nene: Huh? You have an Emu-to-English dictionary? Since when?
Rui: Hehe. I installed it just the other day while I was performing some maintenance on her.
Nene: Great, another weird function she doesn't really need...
Emu: So what do you think?! A story that goes zing-zang-zoom!
KAITO: I think it's a good idea. By making it an adventure, you'll be free to add in other ideas and make the story more fun overall.
KAITO: The original Little Mermaid also seemed to be quite familiar with human culture, so she'd fit right into an adventure of that sort, no?
Rui: I agree. Our adventure shows in particular have also been doing the best as far as we've seen.
Rui: In other words, they're our strong suit.
Tsukasa: Yes, as part of making sure that our first assignment as ambassadors succeeds, it may be wise to choose something we're most familiar with to start.
Nene: Yeah. It'll also be a good way to sort of show everyone what we're like, right?
Rui: Hehe. Alright, adventure it is. Shall we start working on the finer points of the story?
Emu & Miku: Yeah♪
Tsukasa: Great! Let's take a look at some of the ideas we've already come up with!
(Black cut)
KAITO: Oh, this is a nice twist.
KAITO: Since you're paying homage to the Little Mermaid, this may be just what you need. For example...
(Black cut)
Rui: Yes, that would make for quite the twist! I'll be sure to consider it, KAITO...
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): Oh, if I were the Little Mermaid, I might flap around on the beach like a fish the first time I come ashore!
Nene: She's a mermaid! Not a fish!
(Black cut)
KAITO: Our ideas are coming along rather nicely!
Rui: Yes, they are. Although, I'd like to add in some scenes that bear close resemblance to the original story.
Emu: Oh, that reminds me! Nene, didn't you see a theatrical rendition of the Little Mermaid a long time ago?!
Tsukasa: That's right! Which scenes stuck out to you the most?
Nene: Um, well...
Nene: You mean like when she meets the prince or asks the sea witch for legs?
KAITO: Ah, yes. That scene with her and the sea witch may do nicely.
Miku (WxS): Oh, is that when she drinks the potion that the sea witch gives her and turns into a human?
Nene: Yes, she drinks the potion and grows human legs.
Emu: Oh, I know! What if the sea witch gives her the wrong potion and turns the Little Mermaid's legs into a bunch of wriggly octopus legs?!
Nene: Hehe. The witch could even say, Oops, and after that, give the Little Mermaid a potion that gives her legs but they end up being half-fish or something.
KAITO: Haha. That would be hilarious.
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Excellent! These are some great ideas!
Tsukasa: We should have more than enough to spice up our script, so why don't we call it a day?
Rui: Sure. I'll take what we've come up with and start working in some effects too.
Tsukasa: Thank you for your help, Miku, KAITO. We promise to make this show a good one!
KAITO: Yes, we'll be looking forward to it.
Emu: Bye, Miku! Bye, KAITO! See you later♪
Miku (WxS): Bye bye☆
Miku (WxS): Hehe. You had a lot of fun, didn't you, KAITO? You had this great big smiley face the whole time☆
KAITO: Haha. I'm just incredibly excited about seeing how their story turns out.
KAITO: (I hope I get a chance to see it too since it's going to be such a big moment for them. Their ambassadorial debut.)
Miku (WxS): KAITO...?
KAITO: Oh, nothing. Shall we get back to the stage?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO: Tsukasa and the others are probably preparing for their final performance right now.
KAITO: (I've seen them rehearse a number of times already and know the story very well at this point, but I'd really like to witness to their big moment...)
KAITO: (Still, it'd be irresponsible of me, the troupe leader, to disappear for an entire day.)
Luka: Oh, there you are...
MEIKO: Do you know how much time we spent looking for you?!
KAITO: Luka? MEIKO? What are you two doing here?
MEIKO: You're seriously asking us that?! We have to go, now!
KAITO: What?! W-Wait! Where are we going?!
MEIKO: Again, seriously?! We're gonna go catch the final performance of the Little Mermaid☆
Luka: Hehe. I actually got to see it yesterday, but I have to say, it was a wonderful show. Would you like to come see it with us, KAITO?
KAITO: I'd love to, but the plushies are supposed to do their show today...
MEIKO: Don't worry about that! You've been fired as troupe leader♪
KAITO: Whaaat?!
Luka: Hehe. Just for today. Oh, here comes the new troupe leader.
Miku (WxS): Heh heh heh☆
Miku (WxS): Just for today, I, the great Miku, will be the troupe leader!
Plushie A: Three cheers for Miku!
Plushie B: Hooray♪ Long live the new leader♪
Miku (WxS): So for today, you've been deposed as troupe leader, KAITO!
Plushies: Yeah!
MEIKO: Now do you get it? Your schedule's been cleared up, so let's hurry up and go see the show♪
KAITO: Miku, all of you... Did you do this for...?
Miku (WxS): Hehe☆ Because you're always there to help us, KAITO♪
Plushie A: Yeah! That's why we want to give back and make sure you get to have fun for a change too!
KAITO: I don't know what to say...
Luka: Hehe. Now then... KAITO, shall we?
MEIKO: Let's go☆
KAITO: Wait, MEIKO, you don't need to yank my arm like that...!
Plushies & Miku: Have fun, you guys♪ Enjoy♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Beach Stage]

KAITO: <There we go. Wait... Where are we?>
KAITO: <Oh, this looks like Nene's script. We must be just off stage.>
KAITO: (Nonetheless, we should still be able to catch most of their show.)
KAITO: (I'll need to thank Miku and the others when I get back...)
KAITO: <Thank you, MEIKO, Luka... Huh? Where'd they go?>
KAITO: <MEIKO? Luka? Where are you?>
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): <Over here! Tsukasa's phone was stuck in his bag.>
Luka's Voice (Luka): <Same with Emu's.>
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): <That's a shame. Shall we move over to Nene's phone where KAITO is?>
Luka's Voice (Luka): <Sure. Please make some room for us, KAITO.>
KAITO: <Room for all of us...? Hold on, is that even possible...?>
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): <Miku, Rin and Len said that they were all able to fit onto Emu's phone, so I don't see why not♪>
KAITO: <That's them, we're us. Are you sure that we can...?>
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): <Hi!>
KAITO: <Ow!>
MEIKO: <Oh, sorry about that! We should've warned you that we were coming in hot.>
KAITO: <Th-That's okay... But it is getting a little cramped...>
Luka's Voice (Luka): <Hello...>
KAITO: <No, wait! Th-There's no more room!>
Luka: <Yes, you're right. Having you sandwiched between us does seem a bit unfair, KAITO.>
Luka: <Oh, MEIKO, what if I sat on your lap?>
MEIKO: <L-Luka, wait! This isn't like when you use my lap as a pillow. If you try sitting on my lap now...>
MEIKO: <Eep!>
KAITO: <Wah!>
Luka: <MEIKO... KAITO... I'm so sorry...>
MEIKO: <Ugh... I tried to warn you!>
KAITO: <Please, you two... I'm getting crushed...>
(Black cut)
MEIKO: <Phew. This is much better.>
Luka: <Yes, just in time too. I think the show's about to start.>
KAITO: (The story about a somewhat introverted Little Mermaid and her extroverted siblings. No two characters are alike, and they're off to a good start...)
(Black cut)
MEIKO: <Tsukasa and Emu have been captured. That means the climax is coming up.>
KAITO: <Yes. The Little Mermaid tries to save her siblings by drinking the strange potion and transforming into a robot.>
KAITO: (Hm? But I don't see Robo-Nene standing by...)
???: N-No, stop! Don't kick it! This robot's a good guy!
Luka: <Huh?>
MEIKO: <What's going on? Where's all that commotion coming from...?>
???: Oh no...! H-Hey...!
KAITO: <That voice... Nene?! Could she be in trouble?!>
Luka: <She just might be. Not only that, it's almost Robo-Nene's cue to go out...>
MEIKO: <No! As much as I want to help, I can't move from this spot!>
KAITO: <Tsukasa and Emu are still on stage too, so that leaves...>
KAITO: <There's he is! Rui!>
Rui: Oh, it's you three. You came to see our show? You could've told us that...
KAITO: <That can wait. We heard Nene's voice coming from the other side of the stage...>
KAITO: <We haven't seen Robo-Nene at all either, and she is supposed to go on stage soon.>
Rui: Ah, thank you for the warning. I'll see what's going on right now.
(Black cut)
MEIKO: <Thank goodness! Curtain call! They did it!>
KAITO: <They really did.>
KAITO: <And despite the trouble they ran into, they managed to turn a bad situation into an incredibly good one.>
MEIKO: <I know, right?! Nene's ad-libbing was amazing! She really pulled through for them there!>
KAITO: <Yes, she did. Seeing how much they've all grown makes me so proud.>
KAITO: <Thank you both for inviting me here today...>
MEIKO: <Actually, Miku's the one you should be thanking♪>
Luka: <That's true. She's the one who initially mentioned anything about wanting you to see their show live.>
KAITO: <I see...>
KAITO: <I'll make sure to thank her when I get back.>
MEIKO: <Good!>
(Black cut)
