333_KAITO (MMJ)_R3 Idol / Manager?! (event_43)

Gacha phrase: Nice turn! I couldn't have asked for better!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

???: Three, two, one... Start the music!
Miku & Rin: ♪—— ♪————
Luka & MEIKO: ♪—— ♪————
Everyone: ——————! ————!
(Black cut)
Len: Nice work, everyone! You guys synced perfectly during your song and dance!
Miku (MMJ): Thank you, Len!
MEIKO: You know, this show might've been the most well-made one that we've ever done.
Luka: Hehe. I agree♪ We did spend quite a bit of time practicing everything.
Rin: Yeah, we did♪ All our other preparations for the show went really smoothly too!
Miku (MMJ): Exactly. We didn't have any problems with missing speakers, costumes or the like at all this time.
???: Heavy equipment coming through behind you...
Miku (MMJ): Oh, sorry.
Miku (MMJ): Huh? Was that...?
Rin: We probably didn't run into any trouble because of that “equipment checklist”, Miku!
Miku (MMJ): Ah, that's right. We were done setting everything up before we knew it just by following what that list said.
Miku (MMJ): Thank you for putting this together, Len.
Len: Hm? That wasn't me. I thought that was MEIKO or Luka made and handed it out to us.
MEIKO: Huh? I didn't write that. I thought it was Miku or Luka.
Luka: No, it wasn't me either.
Rin: What?! Then, who put this thing together and handed it out to us?
???: I have cold drinks ready for all of you here. Please take one if you need to cool off.
Rin: Oh, thanks! Wait, huh...?
Rin: S-Stop right there!
KAITO: Hm? Is something wrong?
Everyone: K-KAITO?!
KAITO: Hehe. What's going on with all of you? You look like pigeons that were just shot by a peashooter.
Len: Don't give us that. Where have you been all this time?
Miku (MMJ): What he said. It's been a while since you last sang...
KAITO: Oh, I was going around to each stage to see what kind of equipment they each have.
KAITO: From what I understand, you were having some trouble with your shows at first, no?
KAITO: Such as not having the right lights available or not having any replacement speakers on hand.
Rin: Yeah, that happened a lot and always put us in a bind!
KAITO: And it's a shame to have to waste any time on that, right?
KAITO: Which is why I decided to write up a checklist saying where you can find how many of each piece of equipment to streamline the preparation process for shows.
Luka: Oh, you were the one who wrote that checklist...
KAITO: Yes. We all forget things, so it's a way to counter that.
KAITO: Did I go too far...?
Len: No, not at all. We had so few issues compared to normal this time.
Rin: Yeah! That list really made preparing for today's show super smooth♪
Luka: I agree. I ended up using it as well♪ It showed what was done and still needed to be done so clearly.
MEIKO: Yes, that! It effectively prevented us from accidentally forgetting to do anything!
KAITO: It did? That's great to hear!
KAITO: Once all the equipment has been fixed and the venue's been inspected, we won't be having any more of these issues, so I ask that you please bear with me just a little bit longer.
Miku (MMJ): Okay! Thank you very much, KAITO♪
Len: By the way, KAITO, aren't you going to do your own show?
Rin: Yeah, that's right! It'd be great to see you perform after all this time!
MEIKO: Yeah, I'd love to see that!
Miku & Luka: Oh, me too! I'd like to as well.
KAITO: Hehe. Thank you, everyone.
KAITO: I actually plan on doing my own show once I'm done inspecting all the equipment.
KAITO: So I hope you'll be there to see it.
Rin: Yay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

KAITO: Let's see. It should be around here somewhere... Aha, there you are, laser lights!
KAITO: It can shoot red, green and blue lasers. Alright, this should be able to give everything a dance-party feel to it like MEIKO said.
KAITO: Now to carry it over to the show stage.
(Black cut)
???: ————
KAITO: Hm...? I thought I heard someone's voice coming from the practice area just now.
???: Move your arms faster and raise them higher! Good, just like that!
???: Okay!
KAITO: That voice...
KAITO: I knew it. It's Haruka and Minori.
KAITO: Hehe. They seem to be hard at work too. Alright...
(Black cut)
Minori: Whew... I-I'm so tired...
Haruka: You did great, Minori. That last part went so well too. Try not to forget the way you raised your arms and timed everything just now.
Minori: I won't! Thank you for helping me like this, Haruka.
Minori: Also, I'm parched. Where'd I put my tea... Oh no.
Haruka: Hm? Is something bothering you?
Minori: We practiced so long that my tea became lukewarm. I was really hoping that it would stay cold...
KAITO: It's not good for an idol to look so sad.
Minori: *Gasp*!
Haruka: KAITO!
KAITO: Here, take one. I'm sure you're tired.
Minori: Oh, you have drinks... They're cold too!
KAITO: I'm hoping that I got them just right. I wouldn't want you to come down with something by cooling off too fast.
Minori: Thank you so much, KAITO!
Haruka: I think I'll take one as well.
Minori: Ahh! That hits the spot!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Thank you very much, KAITO.
KAITO: You're welcome. If you'll excuse me, I have other business to attend to.
Minori: Business?
KAITO: Yes, I was just in the middle of carrying some lights over to the stage MEIKO will be using for her show.
Haruka: I see. If that's the case, we're sorry for keeping you like this.
KAITO: Oh, don't mind me. I just wanted to give you two a little boost since you were both so hard at work.
Haruka: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
KAITO: Did you see the way Rin and Len turned just now?! Absolute perfection!
KAITO: Thank goodness too... Those two have been working so hard on how they turn...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: The first time I met you in SEKAI, KAITO, I could tell just how much you wanted to help those around you in a way that made them shine.
Minori: Helping everyone shine...?
Minori: Oh, that's right. You're not just an idol, but a manager too!
KAITO: Yes, I am. I help with everything from managing everyone's schedules to stage effects and many other things behind the scenes.
Minori: Whoa, that's so cool!
Haruka: Hehe. Yes, you did mention how you liked being on stage and working behind the scenes.
KAITO: Exactly. Being a manager and working behind the scenes gives me a better understanding of the practical side of things.
Haruka: The practical side of things...?
KAITO: Yes. For example, schedules. The others each have their own preferences and ways of doing things.
KAITO: Take Rin. She likes having as much time as possible set aside to practice.
KAITO: On the other hand, Miku and MEIKO prefer to schedule more time for rehearsals.
Haruka: I see. Some prefer to focus more on their craft while others prefer to simulate a real show.
KAITO: Yes, but at the same time, they don't necessarily do these things consciously. To them, these things are entirely feel-based or subconscious.
KAITO: And putting together an actual schedule makes that very clear.
KAITO: So whenever I do notice anything, I try to tell the others and work it into their respective schedules.
Haruka: I see...
Haruka: So you're saying that we stand to gain quite a lot in terms of skills or efficiency by shining a light on what we do subconsciously.
KAITO: Precisely.
KAITO: You can learn all about how a show functions from the other side, which in turn can make planning for a performance much simpler.
Minori: That's right. We just did an event in real life the other day, I learned all sorts of things about lighting and stuff.
KAITO: That's what I'm talking about! In my case, I'm doing this as sort of a hobby and for my own personal betterment.
KAITO: Okay, “hobby” may be putting it too lightly.
KAITO: Oh, MEIKO's rehearsal is about to start. I should get this over to her.
Haruka: Right. Again, sorry for keeping you.
Minori: But I'm glad we got a chance to talk to you, KAITO! Thank you so much!
KAITO: Hehe. I had fun too. Also, don't stay out too late, you two.
Minori & Haruka: We won't!
KAITO: Alright, I'll see you later.
(Black cut)
