379_KAITO_RB Happy Anniversary!

Gacha phrase: It was worth the trouble.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: One, two, three, four...!
(Black cut)
Airi: Alright, that should be enough for our final practice! I think our song and dance are good to go!
Minori: Y-Yay...!
Haruka: Great work up to this point.
Airi: Yeah, which just leaves rehearsing in SEKAI!
Haruka: Let's keep doing everything we can to make sure KAITO's anniversary show goes well.
Minori & Shizuku: Yeah! Of course!
Haruka: Now, why don't we get changed to stay warm and head over to SEKAI a little early?
Minori: W-Wait! There's something I want to do here before we do...
Minori: Well, not actually do, but watch...
Haruka: You want to watch something?
Minori: Yeah. The anniversary stream for KAITO's going to start in just a little bit.
Shizuku: Oh, you mean this KAITO?
Minori: Yeah! Ichika told me about how they're going to be streaming his anniversary show!
Minori: And I was hoping to watch it before we headed over to SEKAI...
Airi: Come to think of it, I don't think I've ever seen any of this KAITO's shows or streams before.
Shizuku: I'd like to see what it's like as well.
Minori: Does that mean...?!
Airi: We still have time, so why not?
Haruka: Okay. We can watch it after we get changed.
Minori: Yay!
Minori: Also, I heard that they'll respond to some of our comments, so I'm curious to see how exactly...
Shizuku: Then, this could also be a learning experience for us in terms of doing streams.
Haruka: Do you know when it's supposed to start, Minori?
Minori: Gimme just one second. Um...
Minori: Oh no! I-It starts in ten minutes!
Airi: Wh-Why didn't you tell us that first...?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Miku: <Welcome to KAITO's anniversary show, everyone♪>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Minori: We made it. Thank goodness!
Airi: To be fair, we could've just started watching it while we were changing...
Minori: N-No way!
Minori: This is his anniversary stream! We all need to wear cute or at least nice clothes while sitting crisscross applesauce!
Airi: Criss-cross applesauce...? That might be going a little too far...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku: <And thank you to everyone celebrating KAITO's anniversary by watching the stream. Can you all hear us okay?>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Whoa!
Haruka: Aren't you going to write a comment, Minori?
Minori: Wait, you're right! I got so caught up in the show that I forgot!
Minori: How about...? <I'm celebrating with my friends!>
Minori: Oh, maybe I should add that we're on our school's rooftop?
Haruka: Look, here comes KAITO.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: <Thank you for coming to my anniversary show today, everyone.> 
KAITO: <And hello to everyone watching the stream. I hope you enjoy everything as well.>
Len: <KAITO! Over here!>
Len: <We wanna do a big lap of the stage together, so let's head over to where Miku and the others are!>
Rin: <Yeah, so hurry!>
KAITO: <Haha. I'll be right there.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Airi: Oh, looks like Rin and Len are his escorts.
Shizuku: Hehe. They seem so excited about celebrating his anniversary.
Minori: Yeah! Look, they're waving at us! They're so cute together!
Haruka: At this point, KAITO sort of seems like a distant cousin or relative.
Airi: I get what you mean. Also, he's the star of today's show, so he has every right to take the spotlight.
Airi: But it's like he wants everyone else to have a chance to stand front and center, you know?
Haruka: Oh, now that you mention it...
Shizuku: That may be because he cares about Miku and the others so much.
Minori: Hey, the show's about to start!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO & KAITO: ♪—— ♪——
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Wow! A duet with MEIKO to start things off!
Shizuku: This song's so romantic too. It suits them so well.
Haruka: It really does. It also compliments the celebratory theme of the show very well...
Airi: Yeah, working these extra dimensions into a show isn't exactly easy.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Whoa...!
Minori: I know it was just their first song, but this show's already super duper fun!
Haruka: I'd say it's a testament to just how amazing their song was just now.
Airi: I agree. The chorus gave me goosebumps because it was so good.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: Hehe. KAITO seems so happy.
Haruka: Yes, he does.
Haruka: We'll need to really do our best to make sure our show in SEKAI today goes as well as possible so that our KAITO gets to feel the same way.
Minori & Airi: Yeah! Of course!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Miku: Welcome to KAITO's anniversary show, everyone♪
Luka: I caught a glimpse of KAITO taking a peek at the crowd just now.
Luka: He seemed so surprised. He may not have been expecting so many people to be here.
MEIKO: Is it really that surprising?
MEIKO: I mean, there are heaps more people celebrating by watching the stream, which adds up to a ton of people.
Miku: Exactly!
Miku: And thank you to everyone celebrating KAITO's anniversary by watching the stream. Can you all hear us okay?
Luka: Look at all the messages that are coming in! There are so many!
Luka: Oh, this person said... <I took today off to watch this stream.>
Miku: Looks like others are watching with their friends and families.
MEIKO: Hm? <I'm watching with my friends from our school's rooftop.>
Miku: Hehe. It sounds like all sorts of people from many different places are here to celebrate alongside KAITO.
Miku: Then, why don't we have today's star come join us?
Miku's Voice (Miku): Alright, ready? One, two...!
Miku, Luka & MEIKO: KAITOOO!
KAITO: Thank you for coming to my anniversary show today, everyone.
KAITO: And hello to everyone watching the stream. I hope you enjoy everything as well.
Len: KAITO! Over here!
Len: We wanna do a big lap of the stage together, so let's head over to where Miku and the others are!
Rin: Yeah, so hurry!
KAITO: Haha. I'll be right there.
Miku: All together now, everyone.
Miku: Happy anniversary, KAITO!
Everyone: Happy anniversary!
KAITO: Thank you, all of you!
KAITO: Also, thank you to everyone in the audience, as well as all those watching the stream!
KAITO: You were the reason I was able to have such a fun and wonderful year.
KAITO: And I'd like to show my appreciation by singing for you!
KAITO: Also, I put quite a bit of thought into this set list.
KAITO: I hope you enjoy the songs I've chosen for it.
Len: Haha. Looks like they can't wait!
KAITO: I feel the same way. I've been looking forward to singing for them.
MEIKO: Then, why don't we get started?
KAITO: Okay. Ready, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Of course! Here's our first song!
(Black cut)
KAITO: Allow me to thank you all again for joining us here today for this celebration!
Miku: There are so many comments about your duet and even your solo songs. They really seem to be enjoying everything.
Len: Hey, some people are saying that your set list's really fun!
KAITO: Oh, they are?
Luka: I can see why too.
Luka: For example, right when you're expecting to hear a mellow and mature song, the next one opens with a cymbal crash.
Rin: Yeah, that! We knew beforehand, but I'm sure everyone else was really surprised!
Len: One person even said, “He's going off the rails!” I saw that just as I was about to sing and almost burst into tears laughing.
Everyone: Haha!
MEIKO: Looks like they all really enjoyed your idea!
KAITO: Yes, it was definitely worth the effort.
KAITO: Unfortunately, this will be our last song.
Miku: It really is too bad... But before we get to that...
Miku: We've prepared some special messages for you, KAITO♪
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000050/bg_s000050.png)
Miku: Happy anniversary, KAITO! I can't help but ask you for help sometimes because you're such a nice person.
Miku: At the same time, I'd like it if you could rely on me more as well! I'll do whatever I can to help!
Rin: Happy anniversary, KAITO! You're always willing to listen to my demands and greet me with a smile whenever I prank you.
Rin: So if you ever want to pull a prank on someone else, I'll be there to help! Hehe!
MEIKO: Shouldn't you be saying that you'll try to ask less of him moving forward?
Rin: R-Right... I promise to try doing that too!
Len: Haha. But I get how she feels. It's never not fun whenever you're around, KAITO, since you're always willing to just hang out.
Len: Which sort of might be a sign of me asking you to hang out with me too much, so I'll try to be less demanding...
Len: But I still want to do lots and lots of stuff with you moving forward!
MEIKO: Happy anniversary, KAITO! Your big heart's been a huge source of support for all of us, myself included.
MEIKO: I'm having a bit of a hard time imagining you and Rin pulling a prank on someone together...
MEIKO: But if you are, I say do something big! I may even be willing to lend you a hand in secret♪
Luka: It won't be much of a secret if you say it here.
Luka: Anyway, KAITO, happy anniversary. I think it's incredible how your presence alone can cause people to stop fighting.
Luka: It must be because you're such a kind and caring person.
Luka: As far as I know, only you carry such a wonderful quality, so my hope is that you'll continue carrying that light.
(White cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: Thank you... All of you.
KAITO: Please, feel free to ask me for help whenever. You will never not be welcome.
KAITO: As far as pranks go, I don't mind being the one being pranked since it's usually a fun experience in the end...
KAITO: But this could be a good opportunity for me to try pulling one on someone else.
KAITO: Oh, I could even make that one of my goals for this upcoming year.
KAITO: Haha. Just kidding!
Miku, Rin & Len: Haha!
Luka, MEIKO & KAITO: Hehe.
(White cut)
