382_KAITO (Ln)_R4 An Unfamiliar Liveliness (event_50)

Gacha phrase: What do you do for an after party?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

KAITO: (*Sigh* I can't believe I left my sheet music behind in the classroom...)
KAITO: (Was I that interested in Shiho's story...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO: (To be honest, it pained me to hear what she went through...)
KAITO: (However... I was able to learn a little more about Shiho.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: Oh...
Shiho: Oh. Hi, KAITO.
KAITO: H-Hello...
KAITO: Um... You're early...
Shiho: I know. I was hoping to work on a few things before the others got here.
Shiho: What are you doing here, KAITO?
KAITO: I left my sheet music here...
KAITO: (I don't want to interrupt her with her practice. I should find that sheet music and...)
KAITO: Huh...? It's not here...
Shiho: Oh, Luka and Honami were cleaning up the locker area yesterday. They may've swept it up and put it away somewhere by accident...
Shiho: I'll help you look. It's the sheet music for song you were practicing the other day, right?
KAITO: Oh, um... Yes...
KAITO: (We might find it faster by working together, and free her up to practice...)
KAITO: (I'd rather not take away from her time...)
KAITO: Alright... I'll try looking over here.
Shiho: Okay, I'll look over there.
KAITO: ...
Shiho: ...
KAITO: (This is nice... Sort of...)
KAITO: (Is it because I learned about an important phase of her life yesterday...?)
KAITO: ...
Shiho: ...
KAITO: Sorry, but...
Shiho: Hm? Yes?
KAITO: Do you always come here this early to practice on your own?
Shiho: No, only when I have some free time. I usually just practice at home.
KAITO: I see...
KAITO: I don't see that sheet music anywhere.
Shiho: Same. We can try... That shelf, maybe?
KAITO: Here...?
KAITO: Oh, this looks like a bundle of sheet music...
KAITO: But I'd feel bad about taking it apart after it's been so neatly put together...
Shiho: We can just bundle it back up.
KAITO: True...
KAITO: Alright... Can you take this half?
Shiho: Sure...
KAITO: Why are you giggling, Shiho...?
Shiho: Sorry, I couldn't help it. We've never really had a chance to talk like this is all.
KAITO: Oh... Do you feel uncomfortable talking to me?
Shiho: No, nothing like that... Actually, it feels like you've been tip-toeing around something for a while now...
KAITO: No... Not intentionally at least...
Shiho: Okay, that's good.
Shiho: I don't talk very much when I'm in these kinds of situations, so it feels a bit unusual.
KAITO: Oh... I feel the same way...
KAITO: It's not that I don't like chatting, but I'm not very talkative...
Shiho: Same.
KAITO: Oh, that's right... You said that you've always had trouble working with others on things.
Shiho: Exactly.
Shiho: Talking in particular has probably been my biggest failing.
Shiho: I always have trouble holding back and tend to just speak my mind, which usually doesn't end well...
Shiho: I regret my mistakes and know I need to fix that part of me, but it's so hard.
KAITO: I see...
KAITO: (But I've never seen her raise her voice or get mad over something for no reason...)
KAITO: (She's also the one who usually suggests when to take breaks, which clearly means she's looking out for everyone.)
KAITO: ...
KAITO: Saying hurtful words isn't good...
KAITO: But being too afraid of taking chances and not saying anything just wouldn't be you, Shiho.
KAITO: Ichika and the girls...
KAITO: I'm certain that they're willing to listen to everything you have to say.
KAITO: That's why I think you should just say what you feel whenever you're with them.
KAITO: And if that doesn't work out... It's okay. You'll always have us.
Shiho: I guess that's one way to go...
Shiho: Thank you, KAITO.
KAITO: Don't thank me. I was just speaking my mind... Oh, here it is.
KAITO: Thank you, Shiho. I found my sheet music.
Shiho: I'm glad.
Shiho: Oh, I know. I was planning on practicing this song, so why don't you join me for practice?
KAITO: A-Are you sure...?
KAITO: (We might be able to play it really well right now...)
KAITO: Okay. I'll go get my guitar.
Shiho: Exactly.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI - Rooftop]

KAITO: ...
MEIKO: There you are, KAITO.
Rin: Were you practicing just now?
KAITO: Not really... Is something going on?
Len: We were hoping to get in some practice before the girls came.
Len: We're looking for one more to fill out our group, but Miku and Luka are busy practicing a different song.
Len: So, would you like to join us?
KAITO: Okay, I will.
Len: Really? Thanks, KAITO!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: Phew... Alright, that should be good!
Len: Thanks for practicing with us like this.
MEIKO: You're very welcome! I've been meaning to work on this song as well!
MEIKO: But I can still keep going...
Rin: Oh, if you're in the mood, mind working with me on this one part? It's still sort of bothering me.
MEIKO: Okay! Let's do it!
Rin: Yay♪ You're the best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: Thanks for helping out, KAITO.
KAITO: You're welcome... I really had nothing else to do.
Len: Really? I felt kinda bad interrupting you at first since you seemed to be having fun playing your guitar...
KAITO: You really don't have to mind me that much...
Len: No, I understand how it's easy to get sucked into your own little world when you're working on something.
Len: I honestly wouldn't want anybody interrupting my concentration.
KAITO: Oh, I see. If I'm trying to focus on something, then I'd feel the same way...
Len: Right? You know what they say... “Good fences make good neighbors.”
Len: Plus, Shiho's story taught me that I need to cherish the bonds I've established with others and take good care of myself. 
KAITO: Bonds...?
Len: While we're on the subject, what do we call ourselves?
Len: We're not “childhood friends” or just “friends”, you know?
KAITO: Hmm... How about “bandmates”?
Len: Yeah, that's probably the best answer.
Len: That reminds me... What was it like when you first arrived here and met everyone, KAITO?
KAITO: What was it like...?
KAITO: I was glad that they were here, I think...?
KAITO: I mean, if I were the first one here, I'm not sure Ichika and the girls would've been able to discover their true feelings...
Len: Oh, I get what you mean... Based on what I've heard from MEIKO and Luka, it took them a pretty long time, right?
KAITO: Y-Yes...
KAITO: What was it like in your case, Len...?
Len: Hmm... Surprising since Rin started treating me like her junior...
Len: But at the same time, the seniority system we have in place works really well for some reason.
Len: Luka and MEIKO definitely seem like the seniors at this school.
KAITO: Wait, what about me...?
Len: You, KAITO...? I'd say we're just barely classmates.
KAITO: Just barely...?
Len: Oh, I didn't mean that in a bad way or anything. I'm trying to say that you're really easy to talk to.
KAITO: Ah, that's good to hear...
Len: Haha!
Len: It might be fun to ask the others about how they interact with each other.
KAITO: Yes, it might. We really don't talk enough about ourselves...
Len: Exactly. We always go on and on about music, practice, Ichika and the girls...
Len: So we should have a chat about ourselves sometime.
KAITO: I'd like that.
(Black cut)
