407_KAITO (WxS)_R4 It's Okay, Everyone (event_54)

Gacha phrase: There, there. I'm right here.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

MEIKO: Alright, here we go! Let's dance!
Emu, Rin & Len: Yay♪
Nene: Wait, Miku, Rin, you're going a bit too fast! Try to copy what Emu and Len are doing!
KAITO: Nene, would you mind clapping your hands to provide a beat for them?
Nene: Okay, sure.
Nene: Ready, you guys? One, two, three, four!
Emu: Okay☆ Clap your hands like... One, two, three, four!
Everyone: One, two, three, four!
Nene: Yeah, much better! Thank you for that, KAITO.
KAITO: Hehe. You're most welcome.
KAITO: (With Nene and MEIKO here, our dance team should be in good hands.)
KAITO: (Now, how's the script team doing...?)
Rui: The protagonist and the girl are supposed to become better friends here, but it feels thin at this point. If possible, I'd like to spice it up somehow.
Tsukasa: Hmm... Well, the central themes of this show involve family, friends and bonds...
Tsukasa: So what if the protagonist is able to make new friends because of this girl or becomes closer to this uncle they're living with...?
Rui: Yes, that could work. Which just leaves...
KAITO: (Looks like they're having a productive discussion as well.)
KAITO: (I'm really looking forward to seeing how this show turns out.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO: (And that SEKAI. That tree... It glistened with everyone's thoughts and feelings.)
KAITO: (Also, that tree could conceivably grow even bigger if Tsukasa and the others keep growing as performers.)
Tsukasa: Sorry, KAITO, but would you mind if we asked you something?
KAITO: Oh, is this about the script you were just discussing?
Rui: Yes. It seems solid up through the middle, but we're having trouble with the ending.
Tsukasa: That's why we want to hear what you think, KAITO!
KAITO: I'll gladly join your discussion. Can you tell me what kind of story you're trying to tell?
Tsukasa: Yes. Our protagonist is an introverted girl who plans to spend her spring break by just reading.
Tsukasa: However, her parents have quite a lot to prepare as they're about to welcome a new family member into the world.
Tsukasa: For the time being, the girl is sent off to the countryside to live with her uncle and his wife.
Rui: But she has trouble adjusting to this new environment. Not only that, she starts feeling lonely because there aren't any other children her age in this village.
Rui: As a result, she's driven towards trying to find her way back to her beloved parents all on her own.
Rui: As she ventures up the mountain on her uncle's property, she comes across a girl her age named Some sitting under a cherry blossom tree.
KAITO: Some...? Does this cherry blossom tree happen to be a Somei-yoshino?
Tsukasa: Yes, exactly! Some's actually a cherry blossom spirit.
Tsukasa: As such, she's able to conjure up cherry blossoms from her hands and even cause petal blizzards.
Tsukasa: Our protagonist is drawn towards Some's wondrous powers and they soon become friends.
Rui: But as they grow closer, we're thinking that she'll begin figuring out Some's true identity.
Rui: After Some and the protagonist become friends, they promise to meet again the next day and she heads back to her uncle's home.
Rui: Her meeting Some also results in being able to open up to her uncle more.
Rui: But one night, her uncle goes out to gather some herbs from the mountain and shows no signs of returning.
KAITO: I see. What happens next?
Tsukasa: The protagonist begins blaming herself for saying, “I want to try those herbs again.” Thus, she feels responsible and goes out searching for him.
Tsukasa: However, the night is no time for a girl to be searching a mountain alone, and she soon becomes lost as a result.
Rui: Just as she's about to cry, our cherry blossom spirit, Some, appears.
Rui: She decided to help search for the protagonist's uncle by calling out to her Somei-yoshino siblings who also live in the mountains.
KAITO: Oh, that's right. I've heard a story that Somei-yoshino cherry blossoms originate from just one tree.
Rui: Yes. That's how we plan on presenting the idea of “siblings” during our show.
Rui: Hehe. Emu will be playing the role of Some, and I'm thinking about having multiple copies of her during this scene.
KAITO: Wait, multiple copies of Emu?
Tsukasa: I still don't understand how he plans on doing that, but let's continue...
Rui: Ultimately, the location of the protagonist's injured uncle will be revealed thanks to Some's help.
Rui: And a path lined with cherry blossom petals will guide them back to the villagers who've been searching for them.
KAITO: Yes, that sounds like a very moving climax.
Tsukasa: I agree. I believe we have a solid story up to this point.
Tsukasa: However, we're having trouble with the scene where Some and the protagonist have to say goodbye to each other.
Rui: Despite promising to meet again next spring, the somberness of having to part ways seems to overpower everything else because they've become such close friends.
KAITO: Hmm... Meeting again next spring...
Tsukasa: Yes. As it stands, we've made it so Some can only appear when the cherry blossoms are in bloom.
KAITO: I see...
KAITO: (If I were a cherry blossom spirit...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO: Some wants to meet this girl again, yes? It might be good to make it so she doesn't have to wait the entire time.
Rui: What do you mean...?
KAITO: For example, Some could try finding a way to gather enough energy to make the cherry blossoms look even more beautiful the following year...
KAITO: It could be her way of making the cherry blossoms stay in bloom longer so that she can be with her friend as much as possible.
KAITO: (Just as we want to do everything we can to make your dreams come true.)
KAITO: I'm sure Some would want to do everything in her power for her precious friend.
Tsukasa: That's fantastic...! Alright, that means the protagonist should also have a goal to work towards.
Rui: Yes, I agree... What if she finds the resolve to become a good older sister for her new sibling?
Tsukasa: Yes! Especially since Some's already a big sister with many siblings!
Tsukasa: Thank you, KAITO. The final part of the story is really coming together now!
KAITO: Hehe. You're most welcome.
KAITO: I'm sure it's going to be a wonderful story. I'll be looking forward to seeing how it turns out.
Tsukasa: Yes! You can count on us to make it a good one!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO: Background. Check. Lights. Check... Okay!
Rui: Tsukasa, we can start rehearsing whenever.
Tsukasa: Got it!
Tsukasa: Nene! Emu! Everything ready over there?
Emu: Yup! We're all set!
Tsukasa: Alright, let's start rehearsing... “A Wondrous Spring Break With Some”...
Girl (Nene): “Mom, I said I don't want to...! Why are you making me go to someone else's house?”
Girl (Nene): “I'm not going! I don't want a little brother if it means I have to be dragged away from you and Dad! I don't want to be a big sister either!”
KAITO: (Well done, Nene.)
KAITO: (It's just her on stage right now, but it really feels like she's arguing with her parents.)
(Black cut)
??? (Emu): “Hah hah hah hah! A hearty hello from below!”
Girl (Nene): “Wahhh! M-Monster!”
Some (Emu): “Huh? I'm no monster! My name's Some!”
Girl (Nene): “S-Some...? Do you live in this village?”
Some (Emu): “Uhh... I've been living here my whole life, so...probably♪”
Girl (Nene): “Probably...?”
KAITO: (I was told that they haven't had many chances to practice it all the way through, but they seem to be more than ready.)
MEIKO: Luka, they've already started rehearsing. All because you refused to wake up.
Luka: But the sheep in my dream were begging me to stay...
KAITO: Welcome, you two. You said that you'd both show up, so I was starting to get worried.
MEIKO: As you can see, Luka overslept again.
MEIKO: Wait, where's Miku?
KAITO: She's helping with the show backstage. Oh, there she is...
Some (Emu): “I can do stuff like this♪ Just watch! Voila☆”
MEIKO: I see. She's the one making the cherry blossom petals fall.
KAITO: Yes. The plushies agreed to help out as well after we told them that we'd be using the snow basket again.
Luka: Hehe. The way they're dancing as they fall is so beautiful... Just watching them is making me sleepy...
MEIKO: Wait, they haven't even gotten to the best part yet!
(Black cut)
Girl (Nene): “Uncle...! There you are! Thank goodness!”
Uncle (Tsukasa): “Wh-What are you doing here?! You know you're not supposed to go into the woods at night!”
Girl (Nene): “But I was so worried about you...”
Girl (Nene): “L-Let's go home, together...”
Uncle (Tsukasa): “Home...? I see... You're willing to call it your home now.”
Uncle (Tsukasa): “Yes, let's go home. We need to tell your auntie that we're both safe.”
Girl (Nene): “Yeah...!”
Male Villager (Rui): “Look, it's them! Over here! Hey, you both okay?!”
Luka: *Sob* Thank goodness. MEIKO, can I borrow your handkerchief...?
MEIKO: *Sob* Sorry, I'm already using it...
KAITO: Here, you can borrow mine.
Luka: Really? Thank you, KAITO.
Girl (Nene): “Some! Thank you so much for helping me find my uncle yesterday!”
Some (Emu): “You're welcome... I'm just glad that I could help you somehow.”
Girl (Nene): “Some...? What's wrong? You sound really tired.”
Girl (Nene): “Oh no! The cherry blossoms are starting to fall off!”
Girl (Nene): “Wait, is this because you helped me yesterday...?!”
Some (Emu): “No, that's not quite it. I was actually supposed to start resting a long time ago...”
Some (Emu): “But I wasn't ready to say goodbye to you just yet... Hehe. So, I decided to push my limits a little...”
Girl (Nene): “Some...”
MEIKO & Luka: Someeee!!
KAITO: Shh! I understand how you feel, but please try to calm down!
Some (Emu): “Don't worry. I'm just gonna go to sleep for a little bit to make sure these cherry blossoms bloom again next year.”
Some (Emu): “Are you coming back again next year? If you do, I'm gonna do my best to keep these cherry blossoms in bloom for waaay longer.”
Girl (Nene): “Yeah, I'm definitely coming back. I'll even bring my little brother next time.”
Some (Emu): “Huh? What happened to not wanting to become a big sister?”
Girl (Nene): “I'm over that now. I promise to become a really nice big sister like you, Some.”
MEIKO: Oh, this scene's based on your advice, right, KAITO?
KAITO: Yes.
KAITO: The thing is, it involves one of my wishes.
Luka: Your wish?
KAITO: I believe that Tsukasa and the others have the power necessary to overcome whatever hurdles they end up facing...
KAITO: But I want to do something to support their efforts instead of just watching from the seats.
KAITO: For instance, we could help pull them over the top as opposed to just pushing them from below.
MEIKO: I like it! I like it a lot!
Luka: Yes, I agree completely. I can't wait to see how their feelings evolve moving forward.
KAITO: I'm glad that you both feel the same way.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO: (If everyone's feelings keep growing... If that place becomes a “real SEKAI”, what kind of song will be born from it?)
KAITO: (Hehe. I'm looking forward to seeing what the future has in store for us.)
(Black cut)
