436_KAITO (VBS)_R4 Delicious Pancakes For Everyone! (event_59)

Gacha phrase: Here are some fresh pancakes hot off the grill.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Live House]

Akito: All of you! Sing like you're gonna surpass it today!
Kohane, An & Toya: Yeah! Okay!
Kohane & An: ♪————!!
Akito & Toya: ♪————!!
Akito: ♪————————!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Backstage]

Len: <...! They're amazing...!>
Miku (VBS): <They're really riding the wave that Arata created for them.>
KAITO: <Yes, but that's not all. They're trying to take everyone even higher.>
Len: <Even higher?>
KAITO: <Yes. Keep in mind that Akito and the others are trying to surpass that “legendary night”.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Akito: ♪————————!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: <...>
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Street SEKAI]

Rin: Their show was so good!
Len: Yeah! I was having so much fun just watching that it was over before I knew it!
Luka: Before the show, they seemed to be dealing with quite a lot, but I'm glad to see that they managed to overcome all of that.
KAITO: Haha. Does that mean my advice helped?
Miku (VBS): Yeah, I'd give it a “maybe”.
KAITO: What?! That's all? I thought it was really good advice.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
KAITO: You aren't guaranteed to end up with delicious pancakes just because you gathered up some good ingredients!
KAITO: You have to mix the batter well and cook them right to get them to be nice and fluffy.
KAITO: I believe events are no different. It can only become good after you've all mixed together and reached an understanding with one another.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (VBS): Oh... I didn't realize you had given them that sort of advice.
MEIKO: I had no idea either. Honestly, I was too busy preparing for our own event...
Luka & Len: Same.
Rin: I was too busy getting tangled up in cords!
KAITO: What?! But...
MEIKO: But you may be right, KAITO. Your advice may be the reason why their event went so well.
KAITO: MEIKO...!
Miku (VBS): I agree. It was a great event.
KAITO: Wasn't it?! I can't get myself to sit still after seeing something like that.
KAITO: ...
Miku (VBS): Hm...? KAI...
KAITO: Oh nooo! This is terrible!
Rin & MEIKO: Wah!
Miku (VBS): KAITO, what's the big deal?! Don't scare us like that...!
KAITO: Haha. I'm sorry.
KAITO: The thing is, I just remembered that I hadn't finished setting up the equipment we'll be using during our event tomorrow.
Len: What?! I thought you finished all that before we went over to see the event!
KAITO: Haha. Sorry, it must've slipped my mind.
Rin: Wait, is everything gonna be okay? Do you think you'll finish in time for tomorrow's event?
KAITO: Yes, about that... It may be a bit difficult to make that happen on my own.
Len: You're kidding, right?! That means we gotta get cracking now!
Luka: Oh? Based on what I saw, the equipment seemed all set up and ready to go...
KAITO: Huh? Oh, that's because...
Miku (VBS): They looked ready to me too. I mean, KAITO, you hardly ever forget to run setups for anything equipment related.
KAITO: No, again, that's because...
MEIKO: Could it be that “equipment setup” is a cover for something else...?
KAITO: What...?!
MEIKO: For example, he may just want to sing while gathering us under the guise of having to set up all the equipment...
MEIKO: He even said that he was having trouble sitting still after seeing that event.
KAITO: H-Haha... I haven't the foggiest...
KAITO: (How did MEIKO know?! She's way too sharp!)
Len: You just wanna sing, KAITO?
KAITO: No, I really need to go check on the equipment.
KAITO: It'd be nice to sing with all of you while making adjustments, but that's not absolutely necessary...
Len: Oh?
MEIKO: Looks like we have no choice. Everyone, let's head over for a final check. We wouldn't want KAITO to have actually missed anything now, would we?
Miku (VBS): Okay. Why don't we jump straight into a rehearsal right after that?
Rin, Len & Luka: Yeah!
KAITO: Really?! Thank you all so much!
KAITO: Since that's been settled, let's head back over to the cafe, my forgetful fellows!
Len: Okay, okay. Also, you're the only forgetful one here, KAITO!
Rin & Luka: What he said!
KAITO: Haha.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Rin: ♪————!!
Len: ♪————!!
An: Nice...! Way to go, Rin, Len!
Toya: Yes, we couldn't ask for a better start.
Akito: It's also kinda weird seeing KAITO actually DJ like this.
Kohane: Hehe. Yeah, he's giving off a really different impression.
Luka: MEIKO, let's go! We're next!
MEIKO: Okay!
Luka & MEIKO: ♪——! ♪————!!
An: Whoa! A duet with Luka and MEIKO!
Kohane: Oh wow...! This is so cool!
Miku (VBS): Hehe. We're just getting started. KAITO...!
KAITO: Okay!
Miku & KAITO: ♪——! ♪——~~~!!
Toya: Four for the chorus...?
Kohane: Oh, that's such a good idea!
Rin: Isn't it?! KAITO came up with this!
An: Haha. I guess this is KAITO's way of “mixing up the ingredients”, huh?
Akito: Yeah, this definitely seems like one of his ideas.
KAITO: Why don't you join and sing with us instead of just standing there?
An: Haha. Yeah, you guys did say we're welcome to jump in.
KAITO: Exactly! So, come join us whenever you like!
Akito: Does that mean you're ready for whatever we decide to throw at you?
KAITO: Yes, that's right.
Akito: Wait, what...?
KAITO: The event you put on yesterday was about pushing your fellow performers up to higher ground, no?
KAITO: Which is why we'd like to do the same right now with you and everyone else, Akito!
Miku (VBS): We're ready for you guys whenever.
Akito: Alright, your words, not ours...
Akito: You guys are all ready, right?!
Toya: Yes, of course.
An: Same!
Akito: Okay! Here we go!
(Black cut)
KAITO: Wow! That was a great event!
Len: Yeah! I like how we were all like, “That's good, but I can do better,” and kept pushing each other forward!
Rin: I know, right?! How long has it been since we all last sang so hard?!
Luka: Hehe. I had quite a bit of fun as well♪
MEIKO: But I'm still not really sure how to feel about throwing in an acapella song into the set list completely out of the blue.
Luka: Aww, but we didn't have any trouble singing it, did we?
Miku (VBS): Oh, you... Anyway, did you all enjoy yourselves?
Kohane: Yeah, that was so much fun! I know we sing a lot together, but this felt so new and different compared to usual!
An: It really was since we almost never go head-to-head or do any competitive performances like this!
Toya: If we had an actual audience here, I'm sure they would've probably been very thrilled by our performance. 
Akito: Yeah.
KAITO: Oh! It sounds like this ended up being a good experience for all of you!
KAITO: All that's left is for you to have some pancakes with your friends!
Akito: Huh? Pancakes?
Toya: Is that supposed to be another euphemism for something else?
KAITO: No, I meant it literally. I'm sure we're all hungry after singing so much.
MEIKO: Wait, KAITO, we still need to clean up.
KAITO: I know. But I really should cook that batter I've been letting rest until now or they won't become delicious pancakes.
MEIKO: You had batter resting? Since when...?
KAITO: Haha... Who knows?
KAITO: Anyway... MEIKO, please! May I borrow your kitchen to whip up some delicious pancakes?
MEIKO: Fine... I'd hate to let anything go to waste, so have at it.
KAITO: Thank you!
KAITO: Alright, who's hungry?! Also, who would like some toppings?!
Rin, Len & Luka: Me!
An: Oh, me too! I'm starved after singing so much.
Kohane: Hehe. Me too...
Akito: Yeah, same. I'll take some chocolate ice cream with mine.
Toya: I'd like a smaller portion if you don't mind.
KAITO: Alright, coming right up! Miku, MEIKO, what would you like?
Miku (VBS): I'll have some with whipped cream and honey sauce.
MEIKO: Can I get a big helping of fruits with mine?
Len: Oh, me too! That sounds delicious!
KAITO: Okay! Everyone, now's your chance to make any remaining requests!
(Black cut)
