472_KAITO (Ln)_R3 Facing Your Song (event_65)

Gacha phrase: Are you here to listen to our songs...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

KAITO: Len, mind if we pick up where we left off during practice yesterday? Or would you rather start over from the top...?
Len: Well, since you've agreed to lend me a hand, I'd like to start again from the top as a recap...
Saki: Len, is KAITO here?!
Len: Whoa!
KAITO: S-Saki?
Saki: Thank goodness! MEIKO was spot on!
Saki: Um, I know you were about to practice, but can I borrow you guys for a second?
Len: I don't mind...
KAITO: Um, I don't either...
Saki: Thank you so much! So, I finished writing the rough draft for that song we talked about!
Len: You did?!
Saki: Yeah! Here, lemme play it!
KAITO: This is...
KAITO: ...
KAITO: (Such a sad melody. I can feel my heart being enveloped by it... However, at the same time...)
KAITO: (It's like she calling out to me, like she wants to help or understand what I'm going through. It feels so warm...)
KAITO: (I'd heard a little bit when I went over to see how she was doing, but it's come to include such a complex mix of emotions.)
Len: This is amazing...
KAITO: Yes, it is...
KAITO: Saki. I see that you managed to discover what you were missing...
Saki: Yup...!
Saki: After I got home, I thought a lot about what we discussed!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Len: Your song definitely seems to cover what you mentioned just now, Saki.
KAITO: Yes, I thought the same...
KAITO: But how do I put this...? We weren't getting the full scope of your feelings.
(White cut)
Len: Yeah. I'm wondering if you're not able to really express yourself because you haven't quite found the right answer yet.
Len: For example, there could be something you're not remembering.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Saki: That was when it hit me.
Saki: I realized that I was avoiding all the worst parts. I was too afraid of remembering when I was at my loneliest and feeling the most pain.
Saki: That's probably what was holding me back.
Len: Hang on...
KAITO: ...
Len: That must've been really hard... How did you get yourself to remember all those things?
Saki: Yeah, it was pretty rough... Just remembering everything hurt a lot.
Saki: But...
Saki: There was no way I was going to be able to reach anyone by running away from that and pretending like it wasn't there.
Len: I see...
KAITO: That means you really did your best this time, Saki...
Saki: Yes, I did!
Saki: I ended up causing you, KAITO, Ichi and everyone else to worry about me.
Saki: But I genuinely believe that I learned something totally invaluable through writing this song!
Saki: So, thank you for your help!
KAITO: Of course...
Len: You're very welcome!
(Background change)
(Background change)
KAITO: Oh, I think that's Ichika and the others...
Saki: Really?
Saki's Voice (Saki): Hey, over here!
Len: I know we had a few chances here and there to see how she was doing, but I'm really glad that she's okay.
KAITO: Yes, me too...
KAITO: (You were able to take a hard look at your feelings and turn what you learned into music...)
KAITO: (This is what makes your band so incredible.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

KAITO: Which song should I practice today...?
KAITO: This one's good... Oh, so is this one...
KAITO: Hm? A sparrow?
KAITO: Did it stop by to listen to me play...?
KAITO: Since it's come all this way, I should try playing something that it might like...
Saki: KAITO!
KAITO: Huh...?
KAITO: Wh-What's wrong? You both seem very anxious.
Saki: There's something we need to ask you!
(Black cut)
KAITO: My opinion about your song...?
Saki: Yes. I was able to write a really good song thanks to you and Len, but we started disagreeing about this while we were cleaning it up.
Saki: Both ideas have their merits, but I became lost in terms of which is better after giving it some thought.
Rin: That's why she wants to know what we think!
Rin: Especially since you and Len gave her advice regarding how to write this song, KAITO. It makes sense to ask you, right?
Saki: Please, I really want to hear your opinion!
KAITO: O-Okay... If my word means that much...
Saki: Yay! Thank you so much!
KAITO: (I know it's a normal occurrence, but these two always seem to be able to do so much so fast... I honestly can't keep up with them...)
KAITO: (Still, I'm glad she asked since I was wondering what happened to her song after she completed the rough draft for it...)
Saki: Alright, I'll start by playing the first version!
KAITO: Um... O-Okay...
KAITO: (Okay, she said they're in disagreement about the third verse and the pre-chorus...)
KAITO: (It really is a nice song... You can clearly tell what was going through Saki's mind.)
Saki: ...
KAITO: (Oh...)
Saki: ...
KAITO: (Sh-She's staring right at me...)
KAITO: (But that pre-chorus is coming up. I need to focus...)
Saki: ...
KAITO: ...
Rin: Wait, Sakki, you probably shouldn't stare so hard at KAITO like that.
Saki: B-But I really wanna hear which melody he likes more...
Rin: I get how you feel, but you're gonna make him feel really uncomfortable.
Saki: R-Right... Okay... As much as I want to hear what you think, I'll do my best not to stare...
KAITO: (I feel a little better now... I think?)
KAITO: (Anyway, I need to focus on the music...)
(Black cut)
KAITO: ...is my opinion.
KAITO: What do you think? Does it help...?
Saki: Yes, your explanation made so much sense! I'll let Ichi and the girls know right away!
Saki: Hehe. The thing is, I also prefer the melody that you chose, KAITO.
Saki: And I'm sure everyone will agree after I tell them that you felt the same way!
KAITO: A-Are you sure about that...?
Saki: Yes, I'm very confident!
Saki: Alright, I'll be right back after telling the others what you said. Thank you for listening, KAITO!
Saki: You too, Rin! Thanks for lending me a hand!
Rin: You're welcome!
KAITO: I appreciate what Saki said, but my opinion's no more valuable than anybody else's...
KAITO: I'm really not sure that it'll be enough to convince the others.
Rin: Don't say that! I mean, you're KAITO♪
KAITO: Huh? What do you mean...?
Rin: Well, you exude this aura... Like you know the most about music out of all of us!
KAITO: An aura...?
Rin: Yeah, a musical one!
KAITO: (I don't quite understand... But I'm glad that I'm able to help.)
(Black cut)
