506_KAITO (VBS)_R4 It's About The Particulars, No? (event_71)

Gacha phrase: Okay, why don't we give it a go?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kagamine Rin, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

KAITO: Hello! I'm here to have some coffee!
MEIKO: Welcome, KAITO.
Rin: Welcome!
KAITO: Oh, are you helping out today?
Rin: Yup. Miku and Luka are apparently out singing.
MEIKO: Rin, I'll prepare the coffee, so would you mind keeping KAITO company for me?
Rin: Okay!
KAITO: Your usual delicious brew, please.
MEIKO: Yes, I know.
Rin: Hey, did you see Kohane after that?
KAITO: Hm? After when?
Rin: When?! Remember how she asked us for advice regarding the track she's making?! She talked about how she based it off of An's song!
KAITO: Oh, since then? I mean, it's only been a day or so since we last met.
KAITO: Haha. Also, she has to practice for that event, so visiting every day seems a bit difficult.
Rin: Hmm... Yeah, I guess so...
KAITO: But I'm sure she'll stop by to have us listen to her song once she's finished working on the beat, no?
KAITO: We should just relax and wait patiently. There's no point in us getting antsy, or putting pressure on her by going over to ask how she's doing.
Rin: Yeah, I know...! But I can't get it out of my head...
Rin: Aren't you the least bit curious, KAITO? Don't you wanna know what kind of song she's writing?
KAITO: Of course I am.
KAITO: I'm looking forward to hearing her song very much since she seems to have a clear idea of what she wants to do.
Rin: Then, why does it seem like you don't really care...?
KAITO: Hm? Because I'm imagining what it's going to be like?
Rin: I-Imagining what it's gonna be like?!
KAITO: Yes. We got to hear what sort of sounds she sampling, as well as her overall image for her song.
KAITO: I've been having fun imagining how Kohane's going to mix the ingredients she's gathered in her head and throwing in a few different beats. As a result, I've been able to come up with three possible patterns.
Rin: R-Really?!
Rin: But how do you know what she's thinking?! Did you memorize every sound that she's using for her song?!
KAITO: Yes, I made an effort to remember as much as I could while I listened.
Rin: ...
KAITO: Rin, is something the matter...?
Rin: It's just... You're really amazing sometimes, KAITO.
KAITO: Huh? What's this all of a sudden?
Rin: Because you remembered all those different sounds and came up with essentially three songs all in your head!
Rin: How's that not amazing?!
KAITO: Umm... Have you forgotten that I'm a DJ?
Rin: No, I haven't!
KAITO: Wait, you haven't?! And you're still this amazed?!
MEIKO: It's probably because she's never seen you take being a DJ seriously, no?
MEIKO: Anyway, here's your coffee. I went with a slightly darker roast today.
KAITO: Oh, let's have a taste...
KAITO: Mmm...! Such a bold and deep flavor. I can feel it.
KAITO: Wait, no...! As delicious as this coffee is, more importantly...
KAITO: I have been taking being a DJ seriously lately.
Rin & MEIKO: What are you talking about? No, you haven't.
MEIKO: At the very least, we sure haven't seen you doing so.
KAITO: Guh... Wait, ask Len! I've been a good teacher! Honest!
MEIKO: Sure...
Rin: Hmm... Okay, so... Coming up with songs in your head isn't really a big deal for you, KAITO?
KAITO: To be fair, I'm just imagining them.
KAITO: It's fairly common for those ideas to not turn out the way I want when turning them into actual sound.
Rin: Okay...?
KAITO: Anyway, I stand by my original point. We should wait patiently and give Kohane some time.
KAITO: Ahh... Another day and another cup of MEIKO's delicious coffee...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

An: Heya! MEIKO, everyone, are you all here?
MEIKO: Oh, welcome!
Rin: It feels like it's been so long since all four of you last visited together!
Akito: We can't stay long since our event's fast approaching on top of us getting two new songs ready for it.
KAITO: Wait, two new songs? I thought you guys were just doing the one that you and An wrote, Akito.
An: We didn't plan for two originally. Toya ended up making his own track.
An: And it was so awesome that we felt like we had to sing it during our next event!
Rin: Cool! Way to go, Toya! Does this mean what we discussed with Kohane that time...?
KAITO: Rin, shush!
Akito: Hm? What was that?
Rin: *Gasp* Uhh... What I meant was... I thought it was just you and An doing the songwriting, Akito!
Akito: Huh? Yeah, we just went over that.
Toya: Mind if I asked you all to listen to it...? I put quite a lot of thought into this song.
KAITO: Toya...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Kohane: I know I'm being a little selfish by wanting to make my own track. I get that I should be focusing on putting on a good performance right now...
(White cut)
Toya: What's wrong with doing what you want to do? If I were in your position, Azusawa, I would've made the same decision.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

KAITO: Hehe.
KAITO: (I see. Toya was in the same position as her.)
Rin: Yeah, I wanna hear it! Show us what you made, Toya!
KAITO: I'd like to hear it as well!
Toya: Okay, I'll play it now.
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Toya... You made this...?
Rin: That's so cool! I didn't know you could make anything like this! It's like my heart's ready to jump out of my chest right now!
KAITO: Yes, it's quite incredible... I can tell that you took a long, hard look at your music in order to make this.
Toya: Thank you. This wouldn't have been possible without all of you.
Toya: And I'm so glad that I can finally tell you all about it...
KAITO: (Since this is Toya we're talking about, I have a feeling that something was going on... But it must've been so hard for him to keep this a secret.)
MEIKO: Still, it's a very good track. I agree with Rin. I'm also getting this strange feeling in my chest.
KAITO: Yes, and I have a feeling that it has the power to get any crowd going.
KAITO: You come across these sorts of songs from time to time when you're a DJ.
KAITO: Songs where the way the crowd reacts makes it feel like they were meant to be played by me.
Akito: Huh? What do you mean...?
KAITO: I get to listen to it from the closest position. I essentially have the best seat in the house.
KAITO: And this is just one of those songs, you know?
KAITO: You'll be the ones performing this on stage. That means you're also going to be in the best seats.
KAITO: I have a feeling that your track is going to propel everybody forward, Toya.
Toya: Forward... That would make me very happy.
KAITO: Actually, I believe it's already having that effect.
KAITO: I mean, you're all probably having trouble containing yourselves after listening to his track, no?
Akito: Well... Of course... It's way different from the tracks I usually make, and it made me want to work on it.
An: I felt the same way. I'm coming up with the lyrics for Toya's song and keep thinking that I can do better!
Kohane: Yeah... I want to gain more experience as a performer and sing in a way that shows everyone how much thought you all put into your songs!
KAITO: (And I need to do what I can to help make Kohane's track the best it can be!)
Rin: Alright, Kohane, let's do our best...!
An: Wait, Rin, just Kohane?
Rin: H-Haha! Don't worry about that!
MEIKO: The way they all push each other forward... They really are an incredible team.
KAITO: Yes, indeed♪ As long as they keep doing that, they should naturally get better and better.
KAITO: So, I'm all for them taking on these sorts of new challenges.
Rin: Hmm... New challenges, huh...?
KAITO: Hm? Do you also want to try something new, Rin?
Rin: No, not me. You, KAITO. You should try doing something new.
KAITO: Me? Such as...?
Rin: Um... Like... Cleaning the cafe!
KAITO: What...?
Rin: Opening and closing each day might be good too.
An: Hehe...! Yeah, it might do you some good.
KAITO: Haha... Cleaning the cafe, as well as opening and closing...
KAITO: Taking on new challenges is certainly important, but so is dividing up the work.
KAITO: For example, I contribute to this cafe by drinking coffee every day and checking to make sure it tastes okay.
KAITO: Well, to be fair, it always tastes delicious!
Rin: Ugh! KAITO, you never take anything seriously!
KAITO: Haha!
(Black cut)
