521_KAITO (MMJ)_R2 Mentors We Can Count On (event_73)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[One month before the solo show]

[Stage SEKAI]

Luka: Just one month to go until the girls' solo show.
MEIKO: I'm so fired up about it... I mean, we've been watching over them for so long, and their big moment's finally arrived.
KAITO: I understand how you feel. They've been making a concerted effort to make sure their fans really enjoy the show, so I'm looking forward to seeing how it turns out.
MEIKO: Not only that, but they did great during Airi's training camp.
KAITO: Yes, they did. I'm sure their fans are just as excited for the show as we are.
KAITO: Hm? Oh, they arrived right on cue.
Airi: Oh, KAITO! And MEIKO and Luka too! Do you all have a second?
MEIKO: Yes, how can we help?
Airi: We apologize in advance since we're not sure if we should be asking you about this, but...
(Black cut)
KAITO: I see. So this is about setting up your venue and figuring out a designated route for the audience...
Haruka: Yes. For the fan event we did the other day, we were able to come up with a plan for all that with the help of the staff...
Haruka: But we ran into some trouble when it came to actually setting everything up, which led to quite a bit of confusion among everyone. We were hoping to avoid that this time.
Airi: Considering how this event's gonna be even bigger and means a lot more than that one, we can't let the same thing happen again.
Shizuku: Which is why we're here right now. With our previous mistakes in mind, we'd like to ask for your opinions regarding this.
Minori: W-Will you help us?
KAITO: Of course! I'll be more than happy to!
Minori: R-Really?!
KAITO: Yes, since you've all been working very hard towards making your solo show a success. As such, I'd like to help you girls out in any way I can.
KAITO: Also...
Shizuku: Also?
KAITO: Getting to work on your behind the scenes for your big show sounds like fun!
MEIKO: You really are an open book, aren't you?
KAITO: Haha. What's wrong with being honest about how I feel?
KAITO: Plus, working on their show behind-the-scenes means we're helping them shine on stage.
Haruka: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

KAITO: I believe idols have the ability to spread hope to not just their fans but also inspire all of those who help make their shows happen.
KAITO: Imagine putting together the stage on which your favorite idols are going to shine like the sun.
KAITO: That'd definitely put a smile on my face.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO: He's right. We've been wondering how the preparations for your show were going, so getting to help out like this is nice.
Luka: I agree! We'd be honored to lend you girls a hand♪
Airi: Really?! Thank you all so much!
KAITO: Okay, we'll need to make haste. Do you have the layout for your venue along with a list of equipment?
Airi: Yes, we also brought the instructions for where to carry and set up everything, the song files for the show and even the schedule for the day of.
Minori: The schedule Airi made is really incredible!
Minori: With just one look it tells you exactly when and where you're supposed to be, what outfit you should be wearing and where you need to enter from!
Airi: FYI, it wouldn't be doing its job if you couldn't tell at a glance what you're supposed to be doing.
KAITO: But I agree with Minori. It's very easy to pick out the information one needs. I think I'll use this for future reference.
Minori: Exactly! See?!
Airi: You seem way happier than I am about this.
Haruka: Anyway, KAITO, do you think you have enough information to help us...?
KAITO: Yes, what you've given me should be more than enough.
Airi: Thank goodness...!
KAITO: Hehe. So, let's begin with how everything is going to be set up.
Minori: Okay!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Thank you all very much! You've given us such wonderful advice.
KAITO: It was our pleasure. If anything, it was wonderful to see exactly how your solo show was coming along. And it was very fun!
Luka: KAITO's right. We were happy to help. Besides, doesn't the saying go “necessity is the mother of invention?”
MEIKO: Hehe. I feel like it's a tad bit different in this case.
KAITO: In any case, we're all looking forward to seeing you all shine on stage!
KAITO: Oh, that reminds me... Do you think you'll have any merchandise to spare?
KAITO: If possible, we'd like to use what we can get to cheer you all on during the show...
MEIKO: You sly fox...
Luka: But that would make watching their show just that much more fun♪
Airi: I totally agree! You've all been there for us until now, so we'll bring some over for all of you guys.
KAITO: Really?! Thank you very much!
Luka: Good luck, girls. I don't think any of us can wait at this point.
Minori: Thank you! We promise to bring you the best solo show ever!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[The day before the solo show]

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): It's really happening...!
Rin: Y-Yeah, it happening tomorrow... The girls' solo show...
Len: Hmm... I figured that Rin would be feeling pretty anxious about this, but not Miku...
MEIKO: Oh, you think so? I feel that it's pretty natural.
MEIKO: Especially since they've been watching over MORE MORE JUMP! the longest out of all of us.
MEIKO: And their very first solo show is really happening tomorrow. I'd sure feel anxious. Wouldn't you?
Luka: Hehe. Yes, I certainly would♪
Len: Yeah, you're right. Still...
KAITO: Oh dear... I think I'm going to have trouble sleeping again tonight.
Len: I'm having a hard time understanding how KAITO feels about all this...
Luka: Hehe. I believe that's just him being him, no♪
MEIKO: I agree... But we sort of do need him to buck up sooner rather than later.
MEIKO: KAITO? If you're stuck in this state, who's going to be there to comfort Miku and Rin?
KAITO: Y-You're right...! I need to pull myself together!
KAITO: E-Everything's going to be okay. Miku, Rin, let's all just take a deep breath...!
Len: I think you need to do that the most right now, KAITO.
MEIKO: *Sigh* You seemed fine when Minori and the others were here. What happened between now and then?
KAITO: A-Are you kidding? Of course I can't show Minori and the others how I'm really feeling. Not before their big show! What if I made them worry?
Len: But you made sure to take their mental state into account even though you were struggling. That's impressive.
Luka: Hehe. To be fair, KAITO's been worrying about them ever since they came to him for advice regarding how to set up their venue and figuring out designated routes for the audience...
KAITO: H-Hmm... I really hope everything goes well...
KAITO: I'm a lot more nervous for them than I ever was for my own shows.
Miku (MMJ): Same...
Rin: Yeah... My heart's racing...
Len: I understand why you're all worried, but I'm sure that they're going to do just fine. You both know that they worked really hard to get to this point.
Luka: They probably will because they work so hard and care about their fans so much.
MEIKO: Exactly. So, until then, we should try to relax as we wait for their curtains to go up on their big show♪
KAITO: Yes, okay... Th-Then, let's think of a way for us to have fun tomorrow!
Rin & Miku: Y-Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After the solo show]

[Stage]

Miku (MMJ): <Th-That was so incredible...!>
Rin: <Yeah, I almost started tearing up partway through! They... They all sparkled so much...!>
KAITO: <It reminded me of just how wonderful idol shows can be. Their performance was really something else...>
KAITO: <Minori must've worked so hard for this. She was probably doing everything she could even when we weren't there to watch...>
Minori: Thanks for waiting, everyone! We sorta ran into some trouble right as we were about to go clean everything up...
Airi: Yeah, Minori was about to go buy some water for us and ended up opening the staff door that leads to the main exit... Right into the view of our fans as they filed out.
Minori: A-Airi! They don't need to know that!
Miku (MMJ): <Hehe. More importantly, congratulations on a successful solo show! It was amazing!>
Minori: Thanks! We really appreciate you all taking the time to come by and watch.
Staff's Voice: Staff, please gather! We're going to start taking everything down now!
Shizuku: Oh... I'm sorry, we need to head back...
Len: <Don't mind us. We know you girls have an after party later too. So, we'll talk again in SEKAI.>
KAITO: <W-Wait! Before you go...!>
KAITO: <Minori...>
Minori: P-Present!
KAITO: <You really shined on stage as you sang and danced today. And your speech at the end was so moving.>
Rin: <Yeah, I was really moved by that too! Just thinking about it is starting to make me... Oh no...!>
KAITO: <My point exactly! That part about idols being in a position to not just give hope, but also receive was so...>
MEIKO: <KAITO, we shouldn't keep them too long.>
MEIKO: <Especially since we'll have plenty of time to talk to them later. So, let's go.>
KAITO: <W-Wait... Okay, MEIKO, I understand...!>
Luka: <Anyway, see you later in SEKAI.>
Minori: Okay! We absolutely promise to stop by to talk about today!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Stage SEKAI)
Len: You kept your cool while you were watching them, KAITO, but it's like a switch flipped inside your head after the show was over...
KAITO: Haha... I think it's because I was so focused on not missing a moment of it.
KAITO: B-But I got to see such an astounding show! How am I not supposed to feel this way...?!
Rin: Yeah, KAITO's right!
Miku (MMJ): I agree too! Oh no... Just thinking about it is making me...
Luka: Oh, you. I know you're happy, but tears don't belong on that adorable face of yours.
KAITO: Still, idol shows really are the best.
KAITO: They give you hope, fill you with energy and all these different emotions... You learn so much just by watching over them.
MEIKO: Hehe. I completely agree♪
Len: And after the show's over, you get to talk about how great it was with everyone.
KAITO: Precisely! We're so lucky to be their fans!
KAITO: So, let's keep discussing what they just achieved! I'm sure all of you have plenty more to talk about, right?
MEIKO: Well, you're not wrong. Alright, let's keep talking.
KAITO: Wonderful!
(Black cut)
