539_KAITO (Ln)_R2 Strumming Supporter (event_76)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: Okay, if this day seems good for our shoot, I'll go ahead and book the studio for us.
Ichika: Sounds good. Thanks, Honami.
Shiho: We only have a limited number of days to practice, so we need to make the most of each session.
Saki: So, let's do our best to make the best music video ever!
Rin: I can't wait to see it♪ Right, Miku-P, KAITO?!
Miku (Ln): *Nod* It actually sounds really fun to set up your own channel and post your own videos.
KAITO: Yes, it does...
Saki: Hehe. Thanks, you guys!
Saki: Oh, I know! How should we do the “like and subscribe” part for the end of our video?
Shiho: Wouldn't a simple caption be enough? I kind of don't want to ruin the atmosphere that the song creates.
Honami: Right. I'll be sure to look up how to do that while learning how to edit videos.
KAITO: (Setting up a channel...)
KAITO: (The others told me about how a huge number of people are very active posting videos online...)
KAITO: ...
Miku (Ln): Hm? Is something wrong...?
KAITO: No, um...
KAITO: Being here for these sorts of moments is always kind of interesting.
Rin: For these sorts of moments...?
KAITO: When the girls decide to start something new or take on a tough challenge.
KAITO: I'm only able to watch over them, but for some reason, I feel very anxious...
Rin: Hmm... Doesn't that mean you're worried?
KAITO: That may be so. But...
Saki: Oh, wanna ask a real cameraperson to do the shoot for us? I bet our video would turn out amazing if Kohane were behind the camera.
Shiho: She's a great photographer, but I'm not sure if videos are really her thing.
Shiho: Also, more than anything, we need to focus on putting on a good performance.
KAITO: This sensation... I think I'm more excited than anxious.
KAITO: I mean, I probably shouldn't feel worried when the girls are all very much looking forward to embarking on their new endeavor.
Miku (Ln): I agree. I'm sure they'll achieve a wonderful result.
Rin: Yeah♪ Especially considering how much they've overcome already!
KAITO: (I want to give the girls my full support. But how do I actually do that...?)
KAITO: (Oh, I know...)
Miku (Ln): KAITO...?
Honami: Oh...
Ichika: This phrase...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

MEIKO: You really are something else, KAITO. Can you tell us what was going through your mind while you were playing that?
KAITO: I wanted you all to see a new door opening in front of you...
Ichika: A new door...?
KAITO: Yes...
Saki: Does that mean you were trying to cheer us on?!
Honami: Yes, it certainly did have that feel to it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shiho: Is that the phrase we heard when KAITO was being introduced to us?
Saki: Yeah!
Saki: KAITO! This means you're trying to cheer for us, right?
KAITO: Yes... I can't quite put it into words...
KAITO: But I hope that worked.
Ichika: Yes, it definitely did.
KAITO: I see. That's good to hear...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Rin: Humhumhumhuum♪
KAITO: You're watching the girls' music video again, Rin...?
Rin: Well, it's just that good. I can't get tired of it!
MEIKO: Haha! That's right. You borrowed Saki's tablet just for this, no?
Len: Wait, doesn't that mean you're the biggest contributor to their view count?
Rin: I sorta doubt that. But I might try watching it a million times!
KAITO: That seems...excessive...
Luka: Hehe. However, a high view count may lead to other people finding this video.
Miku (Ln): Also, I have a feeling that the girls will be doing what they can to reach as many people as possible. You don't have to do all the work, Rin.
KAITO: Speaking of which, I think they mentioned something about advertising the fact that they started their own channel...
Len: Yeah, that makes sense.
MEIKO: Now that they have their channel all set up, this is where the real fun starts.
KAITO: Right. They'll need to start posting videos on a regular basis.
Rin: Yeah, that's right! They're gonna keep making more videos! I can't wait to see them♪
MEIKO: At the same time... Wouldn't it be fun for us to make one?
KAITO: Our own music video...?
MEIKO: Yes! I believe we all have our little daydreams.
Len: Daydreams, huh...?
Miku (Ln): I take it that you have an idea, Len?
Len: Me? I don't know if this counts...
Len: But I've always thought that doing a performance in the rain and playing like it's not bothering you is really cool.
Rin: Yeah, that is really cool!
KAITO: But our instruments would get all wet...
Len: Yeah, that's the problem...
Len: How about you guys? Does anything like that come to mind?
Miku (Ln): Hmm... Well...
Miku (Ln): I like the idea of playing under the night sky since the stars look so beautiful from the rooftop.
Miku (Ln): Oh, it might even be fun to use a backlight to make only our silhouettes appear.
MEIKO: That's a great idea! Not being able to see our faces would add a nice element of mystery!
Rin: Hmm... If Len and Miku-P want to go with cool and stylish...
Rin: Then, I'll go with something fun and happy!
Rin: I wanna do a video that involves jumping and bouncing with lots and lots of cameras moving around as they record!
Luka: Hehe. I'm sure it'd be a very cute video. Just like you, Rin.
KAITO: I agree. Rin seems like the right person to ask when it comes to making fun videos...
Rin: Heehee!
Luka: Also, what KAITO just said made me realize something...
Luka: In order to make your ideas come alive, won't they require very different songs?
Miku & Len: Oh...
MEIKO: Or... What if we tried bundling them up into one idea?
MEIKO: It can be raining with the stars out while we jump and bounce around...
KAITO: Won't it be too cloudy to see the stars if it's raining?
Miku (Ln): Right...
Rin: Making this fun while keeping all our ideas intact sounds way too hard!
Len: I'm sure it's possible... But I have a feeling that it's gonna look really surreal.
MEIKO: What about using a backlight? We could still jump around in the rain like we're having fun!
Len: Hey, that might actually work!
KAITO: Yes, it might... However...
Rin: However?
KAITO: It could end up looking like us performing a rain dance that somehow succeeded, no...?
KAITO: Hm? Um...
MEIKO: Why'd you have to go and say that, KAITO?! Now we can't get it out of our heads!
KAITO: Wait, this is my fault?
Len: I guess it just isn't possible to make all three of our ideas happen at once.
Miku (Ln): Unfortunately. Especially considering how music videos revolve around specific songs.
Rin: Actually, doing a rain dance could be kinda fun.
KAITO: It... It could...?
Everyone: Haha! Hehe.
(Black cut)
