558_KAITO (MMJ)_R4 What Style Would Be Good? (event_80)

Gacha phrase: This isn't my strong suit...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

KAITO: Okay, our set list seems fine...! So, let's start discussing effects and such for our show!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, can we have it snow?
Len: Snow? Yeah, that'd be a nice way to make things feel more wintery.
MEIKO: I agree. It should go very well with this set list too since we've included an assortment of winter-themed songs.
Rin: Yeah! But how do we actually do that? It's not like we can make it really snow.
Len: The confetti should work. Oh, if we want to make it seem more real, we can try using some dry ice.
KAITO: That's a great idea! It should make for a spectacular scene!
KAITO: Let me just jot that down... Confetti... Dry ice...
Miku (MMJ): Thank you for always taking notes for us, KAITO.
KAITO: Hehe. There's no need to thank me. It's sort of become a habit, likely because I'm also a manager.
KAITO: Anyway, let's move on to other suggestions.
Luka: Oh, I have one♪
Luka: Why don't we wear costumes that go with the theme of our show?
KAITO: Ah, our costumes...
MEIKO: It's a good idea, but not many of our costumes have a winter feel to them.
Len: Hmm... Now that you mention it...
Rin: There's one with a broach that looks like a snowflake, and another that's really white and poofy...
Luka: That probably won't be enough. So, I was hoping we could do something about that.
KAITO: But what...?
KAITO: Oh, we could try making some alterations to them.
Rin: Yeah, that sounds fun!
Len: I agree. I kinda want to try doing that too.
Len: However, that means we won't be able to use them like we did before.
KAITO: Not a problem! We can try making them modular.
Rin: Modular? Like having detachable parts?
KAITO: Yes. For example, we could add some fur around the neck and lace trim with a snowflake pattern to the skirt.
KAITO: By doing that, you'd be able to enjoy both the original and the altered version.
Luka: Hehe. We don't have to limit ourselves to just winter either. This approach should let us make costumes for a wide variety of themes♪
MEIKO: I agree. At the very least, we should be able to prepare costumes that go with the theme of our next show!
KAITO: Then, why don't we start coming up with some ideas for alterations?
Everyone: Yeah! Okay!
Rin: Wait, what do we actually need to do?
KAITO: Well... First, it might be good to inspect the base costume you'll be altering.
KAITO: Also, consider which song you'll be wearing it for. That should help you come up with alteration ideas.
MEIKO: Okay! Let's try that!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, it's like when the girls came up with the designs for their outfits!
Luka: Yes, and now it's our turn.
Len: Yup. And it looked like a lot of fun while they discussed their designs.
Rin: Yeah, it did! Oh, what if I attached some wings? I could be like a snow fairy!
Miku (MMJ): Yes, that sounds like a wonderful idea!
KAITO: Hehe.
KAITO: Then, let's start picking out our costumes.
Everyone: Yeah!
KAITO: (They all seem very excited about this. I might get left behind if I'm not careful.)
KAITO: (So, I'll try coming up with ideas for alterations that will really make them shine when they're on stage!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

KAITO: (Okay, I'll try placing the snowflake lace I found in a catalog of fabrics onto the skirt...)
KAITO: (But I want to make the most of the fluffy material I chose for the sleeves like Shizuku suggested, so maybe the lace should be a slightly warmer color... Like cream...)
KAITO: (Yes, they seem to balance each other out nicely... At the same time...)
KAITO: (It doesn't seem quite right... The sample seemed perfect when I saw it, but I feel like there's something better out there...)
Miku (MMJ): Hmm...
KAITO: Miku...?
Len: Is something bothering you?
Miku (MMJ): Hmm... I have a solid image in my head, but I can't seem to find the right color.
Len: Yeah, that is pretty tricky... Depending on the color you choose, its overall feel could change a lot...
KAITO: Right...
KAITO: Oh, would you mind if we showed each other what we have and discussed ideas from there?
KAITO: The truth is, I'm also a little stuck...
Miku (MMJ): Really? I'd love to do that!
Len: We might be able to come up with some better ideas if we put our heads together.
KAITO: Thank you! Then, on the count of three.
KAITO: Ready? One, two...
Len: Whoa...! KAITO, yours looks really well balanced.
Len: The top and bottom halves of mine ended up being totally out of balance with one another...
KAITO: Thank you. I did my best to achieve that. However, I'm still undecided in terms of the lace I chose for this skirt...
KAITO: Which is why your drawing blew me away, Miku. The lace for yours goes so well with the original costume!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. I spent a lot of time picking it out. Unfortunately, the costume's color is sort of pushing this lace into the background...
Miku (MMJ): I wish I knew how to find colors that compliment each accessory and such like you, Len...
KAITO: Wait a second... There may actually be a simple solution to this problem...
Len & Miku: Huh...?
KAITO: Len, you like how I balanced everything out.
Len: Yeah.
KAITO: As for me, I was impressed with Miku's choice of lace, while she liked your selection of colors, Len.
Miku (MMJ): Right.
KAITO: So, what if we gave each other advice regarding what we seem to be good at?
Len: In other words, you can show me how to strike a better balance, KAITO, while I can give Miku tips for choosing colors... 
Miku (MMJ): And I can teach you how to pick out the right kind of lace, KAITO!
KAITO: Precisely!
KAITO: See? We can all help each other overcome our weaknesses.
Len & Miku: Yeah...!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe♪ You're a genius, KAITO.
Miku (MMJ): You have this way of coming up with the perfect solutions to all our problems.
Len: And you keep finding ways to make the most of our best qualities.
Miku (MMJ): Yeah♪
KAITO: Y-You think so...?
KAITO: Then, I'm doing a good job as a manager?
KAITO: I suppose I do spend a lot of time thinking about how to let you all shine on stage...
KAITO: I-In any case, let's start fixing our alterations by giving each other some advice!
Len & Miku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
KAITO: They're...
Len, Miku & KAITO: They're done!
KAITO: It took some time, but they turned out incredibly well!
Miku (MMJ): Yeah! Len, KAITO, thank you both so much!
Len: No, I should be thanking you two.
Luka: You three seem to be having an awful lot of fun.
KAITO: Ah, welcome back! Did you manage to find anything good to use?
Rin: Yeah, loads♪ Did you guys come up with good ideas for alterations?
KAITO: Hehe. We put our heads together and found a way to complete our costumes.
MEIKO: Oh, you're all smiling! I'm looking forward to seeing what you came up with.
KAITO: Then, why don't we show them right now?!
Len & Miku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
