594_KAITO_RB Happy Anniversary! 2024

Gacha phrase: I can only stand so tall because of you all.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Rin: Heeey! KAITO?
Rin: Weird. He's pretty much always practicing in one of the classrooms.
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): Rin, any luck?
Rin: Nope, not at all! I don't even hear his guitar...
(Black cut)

[The Classroom Next Door]

KAITO: ...
KAITO: (Why is everyone looking for me...?)
KAITO: (We all usually do what we want during this time, so I was planning to practice alone...)
KAITO: (But they seem kind of concerned, maybe I should let them know I'm—)
Saki's Voice (Saki): MEIKO, Rin!
KAITO: !
(Background change)
Ichika: We tried looking, but we couldn't find him anywhere.
Rin: Oh... Seriously, where did he go?
KAITO: (Even those two are looking for me...?)
Ichika: Honami and Shiho said they're going to start searching from the rooftop and work their way down. So we decided to start searching from the bottom.
MEIKO: Alright, I guess we'll join you two and search each room again.
Rin: Okay! Let's go find KAITO, absolutely positively☆
Saki: Yeah!
(Background change)
KAITO: ...
KAITO: For everyone to be trying this hard to look for me... Did I...do something wrong...?
KAITO: (Now it kind of just feels difficult to go out...)
KAITO: (It seems they all went elsewhere, so I'll stay here and keep an eye on things for a—)
KAITO: Oh...
Shiho: Oh, you're in here.
KAITO: Um...
Shiho: KAITO, were you hiding?
KAITO: Oh, no...I was just here to practice.
KAITO: But everyone's out looking for me, so... I thought maybe I did something bad, and it became harder to go out...
Shiho: Oh, so that's all it was.
Shiho: You can relax. The reason everyone's looking for you is because today is your anniversary.
KAITO: My...anniversary?
Shiho: So you'd forgotten...
KAITO: Y-Yes...
KAITO: No, but...we don't need to celebrate or anything. Besides, it's embarrassing...
Shiho: That's not going to fly. Everyone's searching around for you because they want to celebrate.
Shiho: Come on, let's go.
(Black cut)
Miku (Ln): Alright everyone, watch KAITO to make sure he doesn't go anywhere while we finish the party preparations.
Saki: Okay♪
Len: Wait for just a bit KAITO, we'll finish prepping in no time.
KAITO: Okay...
KAITO: They didn't need to post guards. It's not like I was going to run away...
Honami: Hehe. I think they want us to give you company, since you won't have anything to do while you're waiting.
Ichika: I also had something I wanted to tell you, so this is perfect.
KAITO: Something you wanted to tell me...?
Ichika: Yeah. I wonder if you remember... That time when I was struggling with my lyrics, you said...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
KAITO: They seemed fine.
KAITO: How interesting these lyrics sound isn't what's important. How you feel should take priority, Ichika...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: Thanks to those words, I've become able to trust in my own feelings and express them without being ashamed.
Ichika: So... Thank you, KAITO.
KAITO: No... I really just said what popped into my head then...
Shiho: Even if that's true, hearing your words meant a lot to us.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
KAITO: I'm glad music... No, I'm glad you found a way back to your friends, Shiho.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: Absolutely! I realized something really important thanks to you and Len, too!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

KAITO: But how do I put this...? We weren't getting the full scope of your feelings.
(White cut)
Len: Yeah. I'm wondering if you're not able to really express yourself because you haven't quite found the right answer yet.
(White cut)
KAITO: I hope you figure it out.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Saki: I'm so, soooooo grateful!
Honami: KAITO, thank you for always watching over us.
Ichika: And... Happy anniversary.
Saki, Honami & Shiho: Happy anniversary! Happy anniversary.
KAITO: When you bring that stuff up all over again, it's...um...
KAITO: But... If I've been of help to all of you, then I'm glad.
Saki: Oh! It looks like the celebration over there is starting!
KAITO: Over where...?
Honami: KAITO's anniversary show over in our world.
(Background change)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

KAITO: <Hello everyone! I'm happy to see you all!>
KAITO: <Let's enjoy all the time we have here today!>
(Background change)
KAITO: Wow... Everyone's so excited.
Ichika: Yeah. There are lots of people at the venue, and I'm sure there are plenty more watching the stream to celebrate like we are.
Shiho: Well then, we'll have to celebrate just as much over here.
KAITO: A normal amount is just fine...
Saki: It is not! We're gonna go all out, so prepare yourself♪
KAITO: Thank you, everyone...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

KAITO's Voice (KAITO): Everyone! Thank you for coming to my anniversary show today!
KAITO's Voice (KAITO): Hehe. Sounds like you've all got lots of energy! Alright, now for the countdown to start the show. Here we go!
Miku: 5!
Rin: 4!
Len: 3!
Luka: 2!
MEIKO: 1!
KAITO: Zero! The anniversary show starts now!
KAITO: Hello everyone! I'm happy to see you all!
KAITO: Let's enjoy all the time we have here today!
Len: Everyone's really hyped up right off the bat! Alright, let's use that energy to celebrate KAITO!
Miku: Hehe. Happy anniversary, KAITO!
Everyone: Happy anniversary!
KAITO: Whoa... Thank you all, this makes me so happy!
Rin: KAITO! There's lots and lots of excitement from everyone watching the stream, too!
KAITO: You're right! The comments are flooding in!
KAITO: All of you watching out there, thank you! I can feel your support all the way from here.
KAITO: Let's clap and do some chants together so you can all be a part of the show!
MEIKO: Don't worry, we'll set aside time to practice!
Luka: After we go over them, let's celebrate KAITO's anniversary to the fullest!
MEIKO: Sounds good! Then to get right into the swing of things, we'll start practicing the chant to the first song!
KAITO: For everyone watching the stream, feel free to try it at home!
KAITO: Oh, just be careful not to disturb your neighbors!
Len: That's so like you to worry about that...
(Black cut)
Rin: Alright everyone! Remember what we just practiced♪ Here we go!
Len & KAITO: ————♪ ————! ————!
Len: You guys are amazing! Your voices all came together so nicely!
KAITO: And all of you watching the stream, your timing with the comments is perfect!
(Black cut)
KAITO: ♪————! ♪——~~~!!!
Miku: Just like that, everyone♪ Alright, do you remember the next set of choreography?
MEIKO: One, two, three, four! Right hand, left hand, spin, spin, spin!
Luka: One more time! All together everybody! One, two, three, four!
KAITO, Rin & Len: Right hand, left hand, spin, spin, spin!
(Black cut)
KAITO: I'd like to thank you all once again for coming to my anniversary show today.
KAITO: Doing chants together, clapping along, dancing... I had such an amazing time!
KAITO: Did all of you have fun?
Rin & Len: It was suuuper fun!
MEIKO: Come on now, what's the point of you two answering?
Miku: Alright then, KAITO. Lastly, we have some messages for you!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000165/bg_s000165.webp)
Miku: Happy anniversary, KAITO! Thank you for watching over us, giving us guidance, and just helping us out in all kinds of ways!
Miku: I hope we can keep singing and hanging out, and get to have lots more fun times together!
Rin & Len: Happy anniversary, KAITO!
Rin: Today's show was really fun. It was like all of our hearts became one!
Len: And you were super good at teaching everyone! I wanna learn from you and get to a point where I can guide people and have them rely on me!
Luka: KAITO, I wish you a very happy anniversary. I'm happy I was able to help everyone enjoy being a part of the show together like you wanted.
MEIKO: KAITO does tend to prioritize others over himself, doesn't he?
Luka: Yes. But it really is just like him for his wishes to be connected to others' smiles.
MEIKO: Absolutely. It's who he is, and that's why so many people are celebrating him.
MEIKO: KAITO, remember it's okay to loosen up more every once in a while! Have a very happy anniversary!
(White cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: Thank you so much, everyone. Your heartfelt messages made me really happy.
KAITO: You told me that I'm guiding you all, but...
KAITO: The reason I'm able to move forward with my head held high is that I have all of you supporting me.
KAITO: Just know that I also rely on all of you. I hope we can continue to be there for each other!
Miku: Of course!
(White cut)
