602_KAITO (VBS)_R4 It's All In The Mixing! (event_87)

Gacha phrase: Whisk it like that until it forms peaks.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

KAITO: Anyone home?
Luka: Oh, KAITO, it's you! Welcome♪
KAITO: Luka, I didn't know you and the others were also here. I'm meeting with Len and...
Miku (VBS): Oh, he's already here. You'll find him at the table in the back.
KAITO: Thank you, Miku.
MEIKO: Would you like your usual drink?
KAITO: Yes! As usual, the best coffee you can!
MEIKO: Alright, alright.
KAITO: Thank you for waiting, Len!
Len: KAITO, you're late!
KAITO: Sorry about that. Still, it's very rare for you to pick a seat that's so far away from the counter.
Len: That's because... I don't want the others to overhear us.
KAITO: Why's that?
Len: Cause it's about White Day and stuff, you know...?
KAITO: White Day? Oh right, it is just around the corner!
Len: Shh! Don't talk so loud!
KAITO: Huh? S-Sorry...
KAITO: Should I be whispering instead...?
Len: I wanna make White Day special by putting on a little surprise for the others.
KAITO: Oh, good idea. We are entertainers, after all!
Len: ...
KAITO: Hm? Is something bothering you?
Len: Yeah, that's why I asked you to meet me...
KAITO: Haha. I see. So, what's on your mind?
Len: The problem is... I don't have a clue as to what to give everyone.
Len: Rin and the others gave us stuff that they made themselves, so I was thinking about doing the same for them...
KAITO: Oh, something homemade sounds nice! That'll make it easier for you to show just how much you appreciate them.
Len: Yeah, but that's easier said than done...
Miku (VBS): Okay, KAITO. Here's your usual blend.
KAITO: Thank you, Miku! Mmm... As usual, a splendid aroma.
Miku (VBS): That's great and all... But what were you and Len talking about just now? It sounded sort of serious.
Rin: Yeah! You've had this worried expression on your face since coming here but kept saying that you're gonna talk to KAITO about it.
Rin: I'm your partner! What happened to not hiding stuff from each other?!
Luka: What she said!
MEIKO: Luka, don't jump on the bandwagon like that. That goes for you two as well, Rin, Miku. We should leave them to their business.
MEIKO: More importantly, you're still going to try that new tea flavor for me, yes?
MEIKO: The kettle's just reached a boil, so why don't we get started?
Rin: Okay...
KAITO: (Ah, MEIKO seems to have figured out that Len's here to discuss something with me...)
KAITO: That was close, Len. I'm glad they didn't learn about our surprise for them.
Len: Yeah...
KAITO: So, do you have any other ideas in mind...?
Len: What?
KAITO: I'll help you since Miku and Rin are already getting suspicious.
KAITO: Also, I couldn't be happier that you're asking me for advice regarding this.
Len: ...!
Len: That means you're fully committed to helping me, right?!
Len: Alright, in terms of other ideas... I was thinking of an album of songs that mean a lot to them, but it seemed kinda regular...
Len: Also...
(Black cut)
KAITO: Then, we'll try baking some cookies for them.
Len: Thanks for helping me with this, KAITO!
Len: Alright, I'm gonna ask MEIKO to see if we can borrow the kitchen!
KAITO: Okay. Let's do our best to make our little surprise a good one!
Len: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Toya: Hello.
KAITO: Welcome, everyone! Please come in and wait inside.
An: Okay!
Luka: Hi, everyone! Did Len and KAITO ask you to come over?
Akito: Yes. I guess that means you're all here for the same reason.
Miku (VBS): I wonder what's happening. And there's a really nice smell coming from the kitchen...
Kohane: Yeah, it smells like... Is someone baking something?
MEIKO: Hehe. I'm looking forward to finding out what.
Len: Hey, everyone! Thanks for coming!
Rin: Sure, but what are you and KAITO up to?
Len: All you have to do is take a look at these... Ta-daa!
An: Oh wow...! It's a basket full of cookies!
Rin: We were wondering what smelled so good! It was these cookies!
Len: Hehe. We thought they'd be a good way to thank you guys for Valentine's Day, so I had KAITO teach me how to bake them!
Kohane: Wait, Len, you baked these?
Len: Yup! We even baked a bunch of different kinds. Plain ones, chocolate chip ones, some with tea leaves mixed in and even some with matcha!
Len: This is our White Day gift for all of you! Please, have as many as you like!
Miku (VBS): Then, let's...
Everyone: Dig in!
Kohane: Is it okay for us to also have some, Len?
Len: Of course! You guys too, Akito, Toya! Have as many as you like!
Akito: Thanks. In that case...
Akito, Toya, Kohane & An: Let's eat.
Rin: Mmm! It's so crispy and yummy! I'm gonna have a chocolate chip one next!
MEIKO: The matcha ones are also very good. They have a really nice flavor to them.
An: These tea-flavored cookies are so good...!
Toya: Yes, I can feel this aroma of tea spreading throughout my mouth.
KAITO: Okay, the actual tea's also ready, so why not try them together?
KAITO: We did it, Len! Look at how much they're all enjoying everything!
Len: Yeah! Thanks for helping me with this, KAITO!
Len: The truth is, for lending me a hand, I've prepared a little surprise for you...
KAITO: Wait, you did?
Len: Hehe... Ta-daa!
KAITO: Wow! This cookie's gigantic! Hm...? Or rather...
Luka: Oh, KAITO, that cookie looks just like you!
Len: I know it's not perfect, but I think I managed to capture your most prominent features...
KAITO: Yes, I can see that it's me... But...
KAITO: He seems much more lovable than me. I'm honestly a little jealous.
Akito: Of a cookie?
Kohane & An: Hehe.
Everyone: Haha! Hehe.
(Black cut)
KAITO: ...
MEIKO: Nice work, KAITO. As thanks, here's some coffee...
KAITO: Huh? As thanks? What did I do to deserve this?
MEIKO: You helped Len, no? I think you've earned a little reward.
MEIKO: I had a feeling that you two were getting something ready for White Day since it was fast approaching...
MEIKO: But it didn't seem right for me to butt in... So, I'm glad you saw this plan through until the end.
KAITO: Haha. So you knew...?
KAITO: Then, I need to thank you as well.
KAITO: Thank you for not telling the others, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Hehe. You're welcome.
MEIKO: Still... You really did play a big role this time around, KAITO. Not only did you help Len, but you even helped Miku and Toya.
KAITO: Haha. I am more reliable than you give me credit for, you know?
MEIKO: Yes, you are.
Len: KAITO! MEIKO! There's still plenty of cookies, so feel free to have some more!
KAITO: There are? Then, I'd like a chocolate chip one!
(Black cut)
