633_KAITO (MMJ)_R3 Faith In Unfading Feelings (event_92)

Gacha phrase: Connections between feelings don't fade easily.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Airi: Alright, we'll be heading back for today.
Shizuku: Thank you all very much for your help.
Rin: Hehe. You're welcome♪
Airi: You especially, KAITO...
Airi: I really appreciate what you said. You helped me make a profound realization! Anyway, see you later!
KAITO: Okay, see you!
KAITO: Thank goodness I was able to help somewhat...
MEIKO: Somewhat? You give yourself far too little credit.
Luka: She's right. Airi seemed so happy just now.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Nice work, KAITO♪
KAITO: Huh? No, I just... I feel a little embarrassed now...
KAITO: Still... Airi's such a kind person. She really wants what's best for Minori and has been showing so much concern for her...
Rin: Yeah.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Rin: So, how are things between you, Ayumi and the others now...?
Airi: We're still friends. We still greet each other when we pass by in the corridor and stuff.
Airi: But I don't really get messages from her anymore. We haven't spoken in so long...
(White cut)
Airi: I don't think there's anything I could've done about all that. At the same time, it still hurts to think about it...
Airi: It's why I'm afraid that Minori's also going to start drifting away from her friends...
Airi: Of course, I'm not saying that's the only possible outcome. I mean, I still hang out with some of my friends from junior high...
Airi: It's just... I can't help but feel worried...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Rin: Airi didn't seem sure about saying what she did, but I think it's okay for her...
Len: Me too...
KAITO: She went through something very painful and doesn't want Minori to experience the same thing...
Rin: Yeah! That's why it's important for her to say how she feels in this situation!
Rin: I mean, it's a really big decision! Isn't it better to have someone there to help instead of having to think about it all alone?
Miku (MMJ): What do you think Airi's going to do...?
Luka: That's entirely up to her.
Luka: But she's back to being her usual cheerful self thanks to KAITO here, so I'm sure she'll figure this out♪
KAITO: I really don't deserve so much credit...
MEIKO: Oh? KAITO, your face is still red.
Everyone: Hehe. Haha.
Miku (MMJ): I hope Airi and that Ayumi girl can go back to chatting like old friends...
KAITO: It sounded like they had a misunderstanding and were just trying to give each other some space out of the kindness of their hearts...
KAITO: So a slight nudge in the right direction may be all that they need...
MEIKO: A slight nudge...
Luka: Hehe. What if they both went to the library to look for a book, reached for it at the same time and grazed each others' hands?
Len: That sounds like the start of something else...
KAITO: Haha... Seeing each other in the corridor may do just fine.
MEIKO: In any case, I'm sure Airi will figure things out.
MEIKO: I mean, she has friends she can count on for help whenever♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO: Very true.
KAITO: The owners of the feelings that gave birth to this SEKAI are such wonderful people...
Rin: Oh, KAITO. You're just realizing this now? The rest of us have known that forever♪
Miku (MMJ): They're each doing everything they can as idols so that they can spread hope to lots and lots of people.
KAITO: Yes. Because they all believe in the same thing, they've forged this incredibly powerful bond.
KAITO: *Sigh* They really are incredible idols...!
Everyone: Yeah! Yes.
KAITO: (Not only are we fellow idols, we're also big fans...)
KAITO: (We'll always be there by your side.)
KAITO: (So, Airi, I wish you the best.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

KAITO: There we are... The stage is nice and clean now.
KAITO: Hehe. Everyone also seems to be doing well practicing for our show.
KAITO: If we keep this up, we should be able to do a full rehearsal of...
KAITO: Hm...?
Airi: Hello, KAITO.
KAITO: Ah, you two. Welcome. How can I help you today?
Shizuku: Hehe. Airi has something to report. Right?
Airi: I do!
KAITO: It sounds like you have some good news! But are you sure about telling me first?
Airi: Of course! If anything, KAITO, I want you to be the first to hear this.
KAITO: Me?
Airi: The thing is, after you gave me that advice the other day, I went to talk with Ayumi...
KAITO: ...!
KAITO: S-So, how'd it go...?
Airi: You and Shizuku were right...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ayumi: Remember how you took a break from being an idol? I was so worried for you then.
(White cut)
Ayumi: But that also sounds like just words... Before I knew it, we sort of stopped talking to each other...
Airi: Yeah... A gap began to slowly form between us after that field trip...
Ayumi: *Nod* I didn't want to feel like a bother to you...
Ayumi: But that led to talking to you less and less, which only caused us to drift apart more and more... Eventually, I felt awkward even just trying to start a conversation with you.
Airi: I'm sorry. I didn't mean for any of that to happen...
Airi: You were never a bother... I was afraid of disappointing you by making promises I couldn't keep. It's my fault for not being more honest...
Airi: Even back then, I kept wishing that I could hang out with you and the others more...
Ayumi: You did...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: Neither of us really wanted to drift apart... Our feelings toward each other never changed.
KAITO: I'm so glad for you, Airi...
Airi: You guys are the ones who gave me to courage to go talk to her.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

KAITO: Just as you still possess feelings for them, Airi, I'm sure they also still feel the same way about you.
KAITO: I have a hard time believing that such bonds would break so easily.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Airi: The bonds forged between friends don't break so easily... That gave me the push I needed.
Airi: So, KAITO, thank you very much.
KAITO: Hehe. You're very welcome!
KAITO: I'll be wishing you and Ayumi the best as you catch back up.
Airi: Thanks! That's gonna start with us having lunch together again!
Shizuku: Oh, Airi... If it's okay with the both of you, would you mind introducing me to her?
Airi: Huh? Sure, I don't mind... Wait, are you worried about how things are gonna go with us?
Shizuku: No, I was just hoping to become friends with her.
Shizuku: A friend of a friend is also my friend, no?
Airi: Hehe. True. Then, I'll ask her.
Shizuku: Thank you!
Airi: Oh, KAITO, sorry... We didn't mean to exclude you.
KAITO: That's okay. Don't mind me.
KAITO: (It's wonderful to see their circles of friends growing right before my eyes...)
KAITO: Oh, Airi... Would it be alright if I asked you for a favor?
Airi: Yeah, I'm all yours!
KAITO: Then... If it's not too much trouble...
KAITO: I'd like it if you could tell me how your lunch with Ayumi goes.
Airi: Oh, that's all? Of course!
KAITO: Really? Thank you! I'll be looking forward to hearing all about it.
Airi: Again, KAITO... Thank you so much for what you did!
KAITO: Hehe. I'm just glad that I could help.
KAITO: I'll keep watching over all of you from SEKAI moving forward, so please feel free to ask me for advice again.
Shizuku & Airi: Thank you!
(Black cut)
