650_KAITO (WxS)_R4 Trust In Your Acts Of Support (event_95)

Gacha phrase: I think I understand.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO: This seems like a good place to stop practice for today. Nice work, everyone!
Everyone: Nice work☆ Nice work♪
MEIKO: Now, we need to clean everything up and...
Miku (WxS): Oh, it's Tsukasa and the others! Welcome☆
KAITO: You all seem a bit down. Is something wrong...?
Tsukasa: So, we sort of need your help with something...
KAITO: Our help?
(Black cut)
KAITO: I see. And Nene's trying to fix her habits...
Emu: We've been trying to come up with ideas to help her...
Tsukasa: But Nene's the most knowledgeable and experienced person in our troupe when it comes to singing...
Rui: Unfortunately, we don't know what the root cause of her problems is. As a result, we haven't been able to provide her with any usable advice.
Rin: So, what's Nene up to now...?
Emu: She's practicing lots and lots...
Tsukasa: But she seems to be struggling to make any progress.
Rui: I wish we could spend more time thinking about this together, but we also have our own roles to think about since our practices have been steadily ramping up...
Emu: Nene even said that we should focus on practicing our own roles...
Luka: I see...
KAITO: Only being able to watch from the sidelines is always tough...
Tsukasa: But she helped me become Rio, so I'd like to pay her back somehow...
Emu: Lately, Nene's been practicing her singing on her own.
Emu: I've been wanting to go talk to her, but she seemed to serious and focused...
Len: She must be feeling pretty lonely... I know how you feel. I'd want to go over and talk to her too...
Luka: But you'd be getting in the way of her practicing...
Miku (WxS): Hmm... Isn't there a way to show our support for her without doing that?
KAITO: Well...
KAITO: (A way to show Nene our support for her without interrupting her practices...)
KAITO: (It'd be nice if we could also cheer everyone else up at the same time...)
KAITO: Wait, that's it...!
KAITO: Everyone, how about a video? We could make one and send it to Nene to show our support.
Tsukasa: A video to show our support?
KAITO: Yes. Nene would be able to watch it at her own leisure, which means we wouldn't have to bother her during practice.
KAITO: Also, she could watch it as many times as she likes. It could serve as a source of hope whenever she feels lonely during or after practice.
Rui: Yes, I see...
Emu: Oh, Tsukasa, Rui! I wanna do that!
Miku (WxS): Me too! Me too!
Rin: Me three♪ I wanna shout, “Let's go, Nene!”
KAITO: Yes, let's gift her with all the cheers we can.
MEIKO: That sounds wonderful♪ Oh, since all of us are here, we could make a show out of it.
Luka: Then, why don't we also invite the plushies to join us?
Tsukasa: Yes, excellent idea! She won't know what hit her when she watches this!
Emu: Yeah☆ Let's put on an ultra-happy carnival show that makes Nene smile from ear to ear♪
Rin, Miku & Len: Yeah♪
Rui: Hehe. That means we'll need to come up with a script.
Tsukasa: Ah, of course!
MEIKO: KAITO, mind if we borrowed some props from the stage?
KAITO: Of course.
Miku (WxS): Oh, then, the rest of us can go wrangle up the plushies☆
KAITO: Yes, please go right ahead.
KAITO: (Hehe. They're already smiling quite a bit...)
KAITO: Now, I should also get to work.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO: Everyone have their pom-poms ready?
Len: Yup! We're all set!
Plushies: We can dance too! Look! I can spin round and round!
Luka: Oh, you're spinning so gracefully.
KAITO: I'm glad we practiced that so much. Let's go put on a show that Tsukasa and the others will really enjoy!
Plushies: Yeah!
KAITO: And they should be arriving soon. Why don't we move to the sides of the stage to hide?
(Black cut)
Rui: Hm? There appears to be no one here...
Tsukasa: That's odd... We're supposed to have the after-party to celebrate our show today...
Emu: Did we get here too early or something?
Nene: I don't think we did—
Nene: Whoa!
Tsukasa: What's going on?!
Miku (WxS): Tsukasa, Emu, Nene, Rui♪ Welcome to the “Congratulations on a Wonderful Show” special performance!
Everyone: Welcome!
Emu: Whoa! You guys are gonna do a show for us?!
Rin: Yup! We've been practicing a ton just for today♪
Len: We hope you enjoy it.
Plushies: We're in it too!
KAITO: Hehe. Then, without further ado...
Everyone: It's showtiiime!
(Black cut)
KAITO: One, two♪ One, two, three, four♪
Plushies: Lalala-lala-lalala♪
Nene: They're in a chorus line! That's so cute...
Tsukasa: What?! They're jumping as a line onto a trampoline now!
Rui: Remember how we used it when we made that video for Nene? They've improved quite a bit since then.
KAITO: (Tsukasa and the others aren't the only ones who've grown as performers.)
Miku (WxS): Alright, we're just getting started♪ Up we go☆
Emu: Wow! Miku jumped up so high!
Rin: Don't forget about us♪ Up we go!
Luka: KAITO, we're up soon♪
MEIKO: Let's go blow them away!
KAITO: Yes, let's!
(Black cut)
Emu: Wow, that was so much fun!
Rui: Hehe. We even got to jump in partway through.
Tsukasa: How can anyone sit still after seeing such a magnificent show?!
Emu: I know, right♪
Nene: I understand what you mean, but I was pretty startled when you asked us onto the stage after we made eye contact, Miku.
Miku (WxS): Hehe♪ That made me really happy☆ And really glad since I thought it'd be super fun!
Plushies: Us too!
KAITO: Everyone.
KAITO: Please allow me to congratulate you again on a successful 30th Anniversary Show.
Miku & Co.: Congratulations! Congrats!
Tsukasa: Thank you all very much for your support. I in particular had a very tough time with my role...
Nene: Same here... I only did well because you guys were all behind me.
Nene: The video you guys sent also helped a lot. It allowed me to keep going whenever I was about to give up...
Emu: It did...?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Emu: I know she really wants to become a better singer, but I wish I could help her more...
(White cut)
KAITO: I think you've helped her quite a bit already.
(White cut)
KAITO: But Nene received a nice boost of encouragement from the video message we all sent her.
KAITO: Which leads me to believe that she feels more motivated than ever to try her best.
KAITO: I'm sure our support means quite a lot to her.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

KAITO: (Nene seems to have heard all of your cheers loud and clear, everyone.)
KAITO: Now that our show's finished, I believe it's time to start the actual party.
MEIKO: Everything is all set up♪
Miku (WxS): We'll take you guys over! Let's GO GO GO☆
(Black cut)
