712_KAITO (VBS)_R2 Ulterior Motive (event_105)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Luka: We're back.
MEIKO: Oh, welcome back, you three.
KAITO: Hm? Did you all go somewhere...?
Rin: We went over for a little bit to see how Kohane and the others were doing! But they looked busy, so we didn't try talking to them.
Len: They hadn't started practicing yet, but they sounded super motivated! The air almost felt electric!
KAITO: I see...
KAITO: I haven't seen them here for a while now, but it's good to hear that they're practicing.
Miku (VBS): They're all very diligent and hard-working, unlike you, KAITO.
KAITO: Yes, they really are a remarkable bunch.
KAITO: (Still, I feel from time to time that they need to relax a little more...)
KAITO: (But Miku's right in terms of their work ethic. I can't help but root for them...)
KAITO: (It just goes to show how fun singing can be.)
Rin: Hey, KAITO's got something on his mind.
Len: Yeah, he might be thinking seriously about something for a change.
MEIKO: Even KAITO has these sorts of moments...
Luka: But they're suuuper rare.
Miku (VBS): But what could he be thinking about?
KAITO: Okay, I've made my decision!
Miku (VBS): Huh...?! What decision?
KAITO: I have a great idea! Everyone, please listen!
(Black cut)
Len: What?! You want us to do an event?!
KAITO: Yes! It'll be our way of showing Kohane and the others our support!
KAITO: And we're going to sing their songs.
Miku (VBS): Wait, us singing Vivid BAD SQUAD's songs...?
KAITO: Yes! It'll give us an opportunity to create remixes of them and present new ways to sing them.
KAITO: (And to show them new ways to have fun.)
KAITO: So, how about it? Let's put on an event that'll really inspire them.
Miku (VBS): Yes, that sounds nice.
Luka: Wonderful idea, KAITO! Is this what you were thinking about just now?
KAITO: It was! So, MEIKO, what do you think? Great idea, right?
MEIKO: Yes, it is...
MEIKO: I just hope you're not planning something else, KAITO...
KAITO: Hm? What makes you think that?
MEIKO: Because you're actively trying to get us to agree to your idea instead of waiting for us to respond on our own.
MEIKO: That tells me you have ulterior motives.
KAITO: (Ah, MEIKO's as sharp as ever.)
KAITO: I promise that I'm not planning anything else. I simply wish to demonstrate my support for Kohane and the others.
KAITO: If there is anything else I'm thinking, it's just that it's going to be incredibly fun to put on an event together.
MEIKO: I agree with you there. I apologize for casting doubt on you.
KAITO: No, that's okay.
KAITO: Anyway! Now that we're all in agreement, we need to start getting ready!
Len: Starting with what?
Rin: I'll help you with whatever!
Luka: Me too.
Miku (VBS): Oh, Luka, that's rare. You seem awfully eager to help.
Luka: Because it sounds like a wonderful event♪ I want to be part of it from the beginning.
Luka: Also, I feel the same way about wanting to show my support for them!
KAITO: Excellent.
KAITO: Then, let's start going over what we'll need to do to prepare for this!
Len & Rin: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

KAITO: Great work, everyone! Here's to a successful event!
Rin, Len & Luka: Cheers!
Kohane, An, Akito & Toya: Cheers!
KAITO: Ahh...! There's nothing better than iced coffee after an event!
Rin: There's nothing better than this orange juice!
Luka: Or this cream soda♪
Miku (VBS): I've never seen anyone use cream soda for a toast. Also, I think you got some ice cream on your nose when you went to take a sip.
Luka: Oh, you saw? I was hoping no one would notice.
Kohane & An: Hehe. Haha!
MEIKO: I'm sure you've all worked up quite an appetite. I have some sandwiches here if you'd like.
Akito: Thank you very much.
KAITO: MEIKO, I'd like some as well.
MEIKO: Okay, relax. There's plenty to go around, so have as many as you like.
KAITO: Yes! Thank you for these!
Toya: Thank you very much for inviting us to today's event, KAITO.
KAITO: No, I should be thanking all of you for taking the time out of your busy schedules! I know you've been practicing very hard!
KAITO: So, did you enjoy being a part of it?
Kohane: I think we learned a lot! I didn't realize that our songs can be sung in such different ways!
Akito: Yeah, you did a good job with those remixes. I kinda want those files if they're available.
An: Yeah, it was all so much fun!
An: Singing remixes of our own songs was such a new experience! Plus, it was fun to test out different techniques to see what works best!
Toya: Yes, I believe their relaxed style gave us some breathing room to think about how to sing them.
Akito: Yeah, it's pretty amazing how a song can feel totally different based on who sings it and how they interpret it.
Kohane: Yes! I hope we can try a lot of things out among ourselves!
KAITO: I see...!
KAITO: In that case, I'd be more than happy to teach you all what I know. Feel free to ask whenever.
An, Kohane, Akito & Toya: Okay!
KAITO: (They all look so excited...)
KAITO: (I hope they never forget all the fun we had today.)
MEIKO: I'll start getting refills. Any requests?
KAITO: Oh, yes! I'd like some iced coffee and a cream soda.
Luka: Oh, KAITO, for me?
KAITO: No, for me.
Luka: Wait, you're getting two at once? Then, I'd like a cream soda and a lemonade♪
Len: Oh, I'm gonna get two too!
Rin: Me three!
Miku (VBS): Settle down, everyone. Don't make MEIKO work so hard.
An: I'll help if you'd like, MEIKO!
Toya: So will we.
KAITO: That's so kind of you two.
MEIKO: Says you.
MEIKO: I'll start working on your refills, but you all need to bus your own glasses.
Everyone: Okay!
(Black cut)
