749_KAITO_R2 Original Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: KAITO)

[Program Studio]

KAITO: <Hey there, everyone! It's time to “Get on Those Hot Topics!”>
Host: It sure is! As you can see, today's special guest is VIRTUAL SINGER KAITO! Thank you for being here!
KAITO: <Thank you for having me.>
Host: KAITO will be performing in the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show, scheduled to be held in Shibuya.
Host: And so! We have asked the folks in Shibuya about what comes to mind when they think of KAITO.
KAITO: <Wow, I guess we're jumping right into it. I'm a little nervous.>
Host: Hehe. Now let's take a look at what people have said!
(Background change)
Passerby A: What do I think about KAITO? I'd say he's the cool and kind older brother type!
Passerby B: I'm the opposite. I find that KAITO is the kind to sing songs that end up making you laugh!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Passerby C: For me, his scarf immediately comes to mind. I personally like the way his scarf moves in his music videos or videos of him performing.
(Background change)
KAITO: <Hehe. I suppose that since I sing a variety of songs, people have a few different impressions of me.>
Host: It appears so. But it seems like most people do think of you as an older brother figure or someone who takes care of others.
KAITO: <Really? I wonder if people find me reliable. If so, that makes me happy.>
Host: In addition, the people we interviewed also let us know their favorite songs of yours.
Host: We did get quite a variety. However, it seems like your soulful ballads are the most popular.
Host: I think this could be a sign that it suits your calm and genuine voice, which are also your charming points.
KAITO: <Hahaha. I'm blushing from all these compliments.>
Host: Hehe. I'd now like to read out a message we received from one of our viewers.
Host: He's a third-year high school student. “Despite being made captain, I injured myself during a game and have been feeling restless and afraid that I'll end up having to quit.”
Host: “But lately, I've been listening to KAITO's songs every day to ease my stress and working hard to eventually get back onto the field.”
Host: “He has this particular kind of voice that easily calms my nerves, and just listening to his songs makes me feel reassured.”
KAITO: <Reassured...>
KAITO: <Thank you. I'm glad that I could be a source of support for you.>
Host: All of you do possess voices with a very particular quality quite different from humans'.
Host: But I'm sure it's that same quality that means you're able to get certain emotions across that others cannot.
Host: I'm sure that is one of the reasons why creators are able to entrust their songs to VIRTUAL SINGERS to sing.
KAITO: <If that's true, then there's nothing I could be prouder about.>
(Black cut)
Host: Though we were able to discuss a lot, unfortunately that is all the time we have.
Host: KAITO, is there anything about the show you'd like our viewers to keep an eye out for?
KAITO: <In order to deliver as many songs as we can to everyone, we will be performing many medleys in this show.>
KAITO: <Certain songs that we usually perform solo will be performed as duets or ensembles, making it a special kind of show.>
KAITO: <We are also thinking of some interesting things to do between songs, so I hope you all look forward to it.>
Host: Thank you very much, KAITO!
Host: We are still accepting messages for the VIRTUAL SINGERS!
Host: The messages will be displayed on a screen at the exhibition being held next to the show venue! Please do check them out if you plan to visit!
KAITO: <Thank you again for having me today! I'll see you all at the show!>
KAITO & Host: <Bye!> Bye!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Len, KAITO & Luka: ♪——! ♪——~~!
Miku, Rin & MEIKO: ♪——! ♪——~~!
KAITO: All together now!
Everyone: ♪——! ♪——~~!
(Black cut)
KAITO: Once again, thank you for coming to the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show today, everyone!
KAITO: We're approaching the end of today's show, but are you all having fun?
Luka: Hehe, looks like they are.
KAITO: I'm glad. And it seems like you're all still full of energy yourselves.
Len: I've still got a lot left in me! I bet I could do ten more shows after this!
Luka: Ten? That's a lot.
KAITO: I think I understand where Len's coming from.
KAITO: We've performed more songs than we usually do in today's show.
KAITO: But even so, there are still a lot more songs that I want everyone to hear.
Len: You said it! There were so many other songs I wanted to put in our set list!
Len: But if we sang all of them, then the show would take a really long time...
Luka: When we first put down all of the songs we wanted to sing, we ended up with a list that would take longer than a day to sing.
KAITO: Hahaha, that's right.
KAITO: Even so, we still wanted to sing as many of them as we could, which is why we went for the medley approach.
KAITO: If there were any songs in our medleys today that you didn't know before or that got you curious, we'd love for you all to listen to their original versions.
Len: Hold on, you wouldn't know the title of a song you didn't know, right? How is everyone going to find them?
KAITO: That is an excellent question, Len. We have actually prepared for this, right, Luka?
Luka: Yes.
Luka: Please check out the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show website after the show.
Luka: Today's set list and links to the original versions of each song will be on there.
Len: Awesome! That means you can check out any of the songs that piqued your interest with a simple click!
KAITO: That's right! Please do make use of the website.
KAITO: Being able to stand on stage like this and getting to hear all of your cheers fills me with so much joy.
KAITO: There are so many creators who let us sing their songs, so many that we can't fit them in one show...
KAITO: And on top of that, there are so many others coming to watch us perform.
Len: Yeah! We have not only people right here with us, but also people watching the livestream and attending remote screenings.
Luka: That's right. Right at this very moment, we are connected to people all around the world through music.
KAITO: I'm going to continue singing each and every song with everything I have. For both the creators and everyone who listens to us.
Luka & Len: Yeah! Yes!
KAITO: Alright! Now let's do our best until the very end!
KAITO: Are you ready, everyone? Let's do it!
(Black cut)
