1158_KAITO (WxS)_R4 A Reassuring Smile (event_164)

Gacha phrase: So this is where you were.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Suzurangumi Actress A: <Let us go together! To the place where the white roses point!>
Suzurangumi Actress B: <Yes, I feel that we'll be able to go anywhere together.>
KAITO (WxS): Oh, I liked that last part... I'll rewind it to... Here.
KAITO (WxS): Morinomiya really knows how to produce good dancers. Everybody's moving in lockstep.
KAITO (WxS): I've watched this a number of times already, but I keep finding these little things that they've clearly worked very hard on to perfect.
???: KAITO☆
Len (WxS): Oh, are you watching that Morinomiya DVD again?
Rin (WxS): You've been glued to it ever since Rui came over and lent you that DVD player.
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. I'm yet to get tired of it.
Miku (WxS): Yeah, I get what you mean! They're such amazing singers and dancers☆
Luka (WxS): Still, I have to think that KAITO is the most obsessed out of all of us.
MEIKO (WxS): While we're on the subject, KAITO, you had Morinomiya on your mind even before you got your hands on this DVD.
KAITO (WxS): Yes, ever since Tsukasa and the others told us about it.
KAITO (WxS): I couldn't help but wonder what their shows are like since their troupes only consist of men or women.
KAITO (WxS): Now that I've actually seen a few, they've completely blown away my expectations.
Len (WxS): It was so different seeing women playing male characters and vice versa!
Rin (WxS): But the women playing male characters look so cool while doing it♪
Luka (WxS): And I was stunned by how beautiful the men playing female characters looked.
KAITO (WxS): It's also interesting how the impression a character gives off can vary so drastically based on the performer's gender.
MEIKO (WxS): That must be one of the biggest reasons why their fans can't get enough of Morinomiya's shows!
KAITO (WxS): I agree. I'm curious to see what would happen if we tried that.
Miku (WxS): Oh, does that mean I'd look super cool if I played a male character?!
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. If you're curious, why don't you give it a try?
Miku (WxS): Hehe. Then... Ahem!
Miku (WxS): Ah, princess, your prince has arrived! Let us attend that party and make merry together!
Rin (WxS): Oh, Miku, that was really cool!
Luka (WxS): Why limit yourself to just cool roles? I'd love to see you play an old man.
Miku (WxS): An old man? U-Uhh...
Miku (WxS): Hah hah hah! How are we all doing today? Good? Make sure to give out plenty of snacks to everyone!
KAITO (WxS): I'm not sure who you're playing...
KAITO (WxS): But your character seems like a very jolly fellow.
Miku (WxS): Yeah, that was really fun! You guys should also try it♪
Luka (WxS): I think I'd like to play a prince.
Rin (WxS): Prince Luka?
MEIKO (WxS): I can't imagine what that's going to be like!
Luka (WxS): Here goes nothing.
Luka (WxS): Princess, the ball is starting. Come dance with me.
Rin (WxS): Haha♪ That's just you being yourself, Luka!
Len (WxS): Shouldn't a prince act more prim and proper?
Luka (WxS): Oh, I tried my best to do that, but I guess it wasn't enough.
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. That doesn't make this activity any less interesting. Playing characters that we normally don't allows us to present a new side of ourselves.
KAITO (WxS): It might be worth putting on a show using this format!
Miku (WxS): Yeah, I wanna give it a try!
MEIKO (WxS): Me too! I'm sure it's going to be wonderfully exciting!
Len (WxS): We can even perform it for Tsukasa and the others once it's done!
Rin (WxS): I bet their jaws are gonna hit the floor☆
KAITO (WxS): Yes, we should do our best to surprise them. So, let's start getting everything together, shall we?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

[Morinomiya Revue - Courtyard]

KAITO (WxS): (I came to see how Emu's doing, but...)
Emu: Hmm... What kinds of shows would make the audience want to come back...?
Emu: No, I still think ticket prices are the problem...
Emu: How do we get them to return...?!
KAITO (WxS): (She seems to be doing her best...)
KAITO (WxS): (I have a feeling that she'll be fine now. I shouldn't interrupt her, so I'll leave her alone.)
KAITO (WxS): (I know...)
KAITO (WxS): (Since I'm here, I'll try seeing how Tsukasa and the others are doing.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Morinomiya Music Academy - Rehearsal Room]

Tsukasa: Hnng...!
Tsukasa: Alright, take a look! I've become this flexible!
Rui: Oh, that's impressive. Congratulations, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Despite initially struggling with my flexibility, training daily has allowed me to overcome that! Even I'm amazed at how limber I've become!
KAITO (WxS): (They appear to be stretching together.)
KAITO (WxS): (After they first experienced lessons at Morinomiya, they mentioned needing to improve their flexibility...)
KAITO (WxS): (And they're doing their best to make that happen.)
KAITO (WxS): (Next, let's see how Nene's doing...)
(Black cut)

[Morinomiya Music Academy - Vacant Classroom]

KAITO (WxS): (Where could Nene be...?)
KAITO (WxS): (Oh, it looks like she's working. I'm seeing an assortment of costumes on that table.)
KAITO (WxS): (She must be touching them up for that show.)
Nene: Huh? KAITO...?
Nene: Are you here to check up on me?
KAITO (WxS): <I became a little curious. You're helping get things ready for the quarterly performance, yes?>
Nene: Yeah, and helping out behind the scenes has been pretty fun.
Nene: Unlike most student productions, Morinomiya is equipped with professional-quality stuff.
KAITO (WxS): <It is nice that you're getting this sort of experience.>
Nene: Yeah, and everyone's been teaching me how to use anything that looks unfamiliar. I've really been learning a lot.
KAITO (WxS): <You and the others are all working so hard.>
Nene: Me and the others?
KAITO (WxS): <I went over to see what Tsukasa and Rui were doing before coming here. They were both working very hard on becoming more flexible.>
Nene: I see...
Nene: Then, did you also go see Emu?
Nene: I've kinda been wondering what she's doing since she's been so busy lately. I figure studying management can't be easy, so...
KAITO (WxS): <Yes, well...>
KAITO (WxS): <Emu appeared to be doing everything she can to solve her current problem.>
Nene: Okay...
Nene: I guess I don't need to worry as long as you're keeping an eye on her, KAITO. Tsukasa and Rui also said something similar about it.
KAITO (WxS): <Oh, they did...?>
Nene: Yeah. The fact that she isn't telling us much probably means that she wants to solve the problem on her own.
Nene: I know that feeling all too well, so I plan on respecting her wishes.
KAITO (WxS): <You must believe in her quite a bit.>
Nene: I mean, we've been friends for a while now.
KAITO (WxS): <But I feel the same way as you, Nene.>
KAITO (WxS): <I also believe that her hard work will end up paying off.>
Nene: Yeah... I can just tell.
KAITO (WxS): <Let's keep believing in her and wait for the good news.>
(Black cut)
