1211_KAITO (MMJ)_R2 Idol Fan In SEKAI (event_174)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[The Lumina Forum - Bedroom]

Minori: I see... I have to be aware of where all the cameras are...
KAITO (MMJ): <Yes. Hikarin stood out among everyone on the stream today...>
KAITO (MMJ): <Obviously, that's partially because she's very good at making conversations fun.>
KAITO (MMJ): <But another reason seems to be that she has a talent for being in the right place at the right time as she springs into action for the cameras.>
Airi: Yeah, whenever she jumped in front of the camera, it was always at the perfect time.
Haruka: We should be keeping track of where the stationary and staff cameras are. That way, we'll be able to effectively appeal to everyone.
Minori: Th-That sounds really hard, but I'm gonna try my best!
Len (MMJ): <It's amazing how you're able to notice all these things, KAITO.>
KAITO (MMJ): <You give me too much credit. I just tend to think about the staff and equipment because I'm usually working behind the scenes.>
Shizuku: Thank you for giving us all these different perspectives. We've been able to have a wonderful debrief as a result.
KAITO (MMJ): <Hehe. We're glad that we could help.>
Haruka: Anyway, I think we've done enough reflection. Let's start discussing our plan for tomorrow next.
Miku (MMJ): <Plan?>
Haruka: Yes. In particular, how we're going to appeal to everyone watching.
Minori: Right... I realized today just how hard it is to do that.
Airi: Yeah, since the people watching aren't exclusively our fans.
Airi: We're mostly dealing with the fans of other groups and people who are interested in the program itself.
Shizuku: Which is why it's going to be crucial for us to make a good impression on them.
Shizuku: But that doesn't mean just standing out. We need to show them what MORE MORE JUMP! is all about...
Minori: Hmm... But what's the best way to actually do that?
Haruka: There's no need to overcomplicate this. First, let's begin by coming up with as many ideas as we can.
Luka (MMJ): <In that case, what if you all tried seeing things from a fan's perspective to get a better idea of what would draw them in?>
Minori: Oh, I can do that...!
KAITO (MMJ): <I think I can help as well.>
Rin (MMJ): <Yeah, since you're SEKAI's number one idol fan!>
Shizuku: Does anything come to mind that you'd like to see us do?
KAITO (MMJ): <Well, for instance...>
KAITO (MMJ): <I'd like to see you interacting with more of the other idols. I have a feeling that we'll get to see a different side of you that we don't get to normally.>
Shizuku: People did post quite a lot of comments when we were with Hikarin and everyone from ReLight.
KAITO (MMJ): <Exactly. And for the viewer, it's also a chance to get to learn about groups you've never encountered.>
KAITO (MMJ): <If your favorite group began talking to another one, wouldn't you be inclined to learn more about them?>
Minori: Oh, yes, I understand exactly what you mean!
Minori: I'll start looking for information on who these idols are and end up falling in love with them in the process.
Airi: Just another reason we should make an effort to talk to everyone.
KAITO (MMJ): <There's also how one of your biggest draws as a group is the close relationship you have with your fans. It'd be great to have the viewers see that...>
KAITO (MMJ): <One way would be to do streams on your own channel separate from the program's.>
Haruka: Oh... We were also thinking about doing that.
Shizuku: The program's stream is mainly going to be about observing the training camp, so we should make a point of setting aside time to actually interact with everyone.
Airi: What do you think would get everyone to tune in to our stream?
MEIKO (MMJ): <Something you can only do at the training camp might be good.>
Miku (MMJ): <Oh, I agree. That's a great idea!>
Minori: Something we can only do here... Hmm... What if we went around to our favorite spots?
Airi: We could also report on the cafeteria's menu and stuff.
Luka (MMJ): <It'll be good to tell everyone while everything feels fresh and new.>
KAITO (MMJ): <Oh, a peek into your private lives might also be fun...!>
Len (MMJ): <Their private lives?>
KAITO (MMJ): <Because they're going to be living here for a while!>
KAITO (MMJ): <Revealing how you spend each day would give you an opportunity to show things that you can't during your regular streams.>
KAITO (MMJ): <Which are precisely the kinds of things that fans can't get enough of!>
KAITO (MMJ): <Seeing something new will definitely introduce a new topic of conversation. At the very least, it'd get me talking...!>
KAITO (MMJ): <So, I hope you all find a way to turn that into a stream!>
KAITO (MMJ): <I also have this other idea...>
KAITO (MMJ): <I-I'm sorry. I didn't mean to dominate the conversation like that.>
KAITO (MMJ): <But I'm just so excited about the grand prix that I couldn't help myself...>
MEIKO (MMJ): <I think it's a wonderful expression of who you are, KAITO.>
Shizuku: Hehe. What you just said is incredibly helpful.
Minori: Please tell us this other idea of yours!
KAITO (MMJ): <O-Oh, okay.>
KAITO (MMJ): <In that case, I'll continue. Where was I...?>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): Hi, KAITO.
Rin (MMJ): You seem to be in a cheerful mood♪ Did something good happen?
KAITO (MMJ): Something good... More specifically, I'd say it was something fun.
KAITO (MMJ): I actually just had a chance to take a peek at what was going on with the grand prix.
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, I was wondering where you'd gone. You went to take another look?
Len (MMJ): The grand prix's been all you can think about since it started, huh?
KAITO (MMJ): Of course! It's a hugely important event for idol fans.
KAITO (MMJ): Plus, Minori and the others were doing their best again today by doing another stream for their channel.
KAITO (MMJ): They showed everybody what the Lumina Forum has to offer, and their fans seemed very excited.
KAITO (MMJ): They even managed to attract a lot of new viewers. I think it's because of the talk show from the other day!
Luka (MMJ): The one for Lumina Time, yes?
Luka (MMJ): Minori did a wonderful job of expressing herself, but so did the others. It ended up being a very good show.
Len (MMJ): Yeah, the other idols also have really strong beliefs.
Miku (MMJ): I actually started tearing up a little when I saw Minori trying so hard to explain her own...
Rin (MMJ): Oh, yeah! Me too!
Len (MMJ): But you didn't just tear up, Rin. You bawled your eyes out, if I recall.
MEIKO (MMJ): I was so delighted when they began to understand each other's beliefs.
KAITO (MMJ): Getting to see idols exchange their thoughts in such a way may be a unique feature of this program.
KAITO (MMJ): Idols are charming in many ways. Some are cute, some are cool and they know how to put on fun shows...
KAITO (MMJ): But that moment reminded me of why they're able to excite me so much.
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, me too.
Len (MMJ): Plus, we got to see the girls establish fun rivalries with some really great idols.
Len (MMJ): Now I really can't take my eyes off of this grand prix.
Miku (MMJ): I'm looking forward to seeing what the next Lumina Time involves! What do you think they're going to have everyone do?
Rin (MMJ): Hmm... It's a show about idols, so something involving singing and dancing?
MEIKO (MMJ): Every group is going to have different strengths, so they'll want to take advantage of any Lumina Time that covers their areas of expertise.
Luka (MMJ): For live performances, I feel that everybody's attention is going to be focused on ReLight.
Miku (MMJ): Don't forget about Cheerful * Days. They were so amazing in that video I saw of them!
Rin (MMJ): For variety stuff, I bet Hikarin would steal the show! The way she talks is gonna allow her to suck more people into her universe♪
Len (MMJ): Hehe. I also wanna see that. But we can't rule out some other idol stealing the spotlight.
Rin (MMJ): Good point...! A lot of them still probably haven't shown their full power yet...!
Miku (MMJ): Yes, but...
Miku (MMJ): Our girls are more than ready for them!
MEIKO (MMJ): Of course they are. We know that better than anyone.
Rin (MMJ): That means, to make sure they get to shine like crazy, we gotta give them all the support we can!
Everyone: Yeah! Yes.
KAITO (MMJ): This makes me really happy.
Miku (MMJ): Huh? What makes you say that all of a sudden?
KAITO (MMJ): Well, you all seem to have a better understanding of why this grand prix has me so excited.
KAITO (MMJ): You're starting to show interest in what the other groups can do, and making predictions about what's going to happen moving forward.
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. Now I see.
MEIKO (MMJ): That's true. I have a better understanding of where all your enthusiasm is coming from, KAITO.
Miku (MMJ): Please let me know the next time you're thinking about going over to see them!
Rin (MMJ): Me too! I don't wanna miss out on anything good♪
KAITO (MMJ): Sure. We can watch over them together.
KAITO (MMJ): I honestly can't wait to see what this grand prix has in store for us...!
(Black cut)
