1240_KAITO_R4 At The Mercy Of The Mysterious (event_179)

Skill name: Tree Versus Roof?
Gacha phrase: He can't catch a break... Will he be okay?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

KAITO: This place is overflowing with feelings again today.
KAITO: (These little sparks of emotion may also one day develop into their own...)
???: KAITO!!
KAITO: Huh?!
KAITO: Oh, Rin, Len, it's you two. You startled me, calling out like that...
Rin: It's your fault for spacing out.
Len: Yeah! Anyone would want to pull a little prank after finding a person spacing out, right?
KAITO: I wouldn't say I was spacing out, exactly...
KAITO: Anyway, are you two off to see how the other SEKAI are doing?
Len: No, we already did that! I went over to see band me and theater me!
Rin: I just got back from watching idol me do a concert.
KAITO: Hehe. From your expressions, I assume everyone's doing well.
Len & Rin: Yup!
Len: Oh, KAITO, that reminds me! Remember what we talked about with Luka the other day?
KAITO: Ah, about Lens from certain SEKAI swapping places with other Lens?
Len: Yeah, that!
Rin: Len was just telling me about it too! It sounded really fun, so I'd love to think about what would happen for me, too!
Len: You should join us too!
KAITO: Hmm... Well...
KAITO: Hehe. I guess my hands are tied. If you insist, then I'll just have to join you.
Len: Awesome! Thanks!
Rin: Let's start by thinking about what would happen if one SEKAI's KAITO got swapped with another SEKAI's KAITO!
KAITO: Wait, me? Don't you want to start, Rin?
Rin: No, I wanna hear a good example of how this works first!
KAITO: In that case... Hmm...  Let's think about band me, shall we?
KAITO: If he switched places with DJ me, then I feel that he'd fit right into that SEKAI.
Len: Yeah! He can play music, so I'm guessing...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rin (VBS): Hey, KAITO! Can you play something for us again today?!
Len (VBS): Something that'll pump us up! A song that gets us excited about practicing!
Luka (VBS): Oh, if you're taking requests, then I'd like to make one next♪
Miku (VBS): Can MEIKO and I go after that?
KAITO (Ln): Sure...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len: ...Is what would happen. He'd be super popular!
Rin: Okay, so that's how you do this!
Rin: Lemme see... Hmm...
Rin: Oh, imagine if he were switched with idol KAITO instead! That could spell trouble!
KAITO: Yes... Band me isn't much of a talker, so he might find the idol versions of Luka and MEIKO overwhelming.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len: Based on that logic, being swapped with theater KAITO might also be bad, right?
KAITO: That version of me is the troupe leader everybody counts on, so filling those shoes could prove challenging.
KAITO: The ones who could do it well are probably idol me and...
Rin: DJ KAITO, right? I feel like he'd become friends with everyone and start contributing right away!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO: Y-Yes...
KAITO: (But nobody would be able to stop him. I'm actually a little scared since he'd be free to do whatever he wanted.)
KAITO: Let's see... Who's left?
Rin: The KAITO from Mafuyu's SEKAI, right?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO: Ah, that me... Hmm... I have the hardest time picturing anything about him.
Len: Really? I actually think that he'd get along pretty well with everyone from that street SEKAI.
Len: I can kinda picture that MEIKO and Miku respecting his boundaries pretty well. And don't you think he'd manage to get along with their Luka too?
Rin: The “us” over there would also probably think that version of you is really cool, KAITO! They might even want to copy him!
KAITO: R-Really...?
Rin: Aside from that... I think theater Rin and Len would probably find that KAITO scary at first.
Len: Nah, I bet they'd like him a ton! He's still KAITO, after all!
KAITO: Hehe. That'd be nice.
(Black cut)
Rin: Thanks for chatting with me, you two!
Rin: I had a lot of fun thinking about us from those other SEKAI!
Len: You're welcome!
KAITO: I'd like to thank you two as well. It was nice to hear from you both about how you see me in other SEKAI.
Len: Things would get even more interesting if we could see if we were right or not.
Rin: Right? You mean how they'd all really react to being switched?
KAITO: It does sound interesting... But it would be terrible if it actually did happen.
KAITO: Our SEKAI counterparts are all responsible for providing support to the ones who made their SEKAI. Not being where they need to be wouldn't be good...
Len: Right.
KAITO: But all this talk is making me want to see them now...
Len: Oh, I was just thinking the same thing! Why don't the three of us go see them together sometime soon?
Rin: I'm in! Are you, KAITO?
KAITO: Of course. Let's all go together.
Rin & Len: Woohoo!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

KAITO: When we talked about our SEKAI selves switching places the other day, we were joking...
KAITO: I never thought we'd actually see it happen.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO: Naturally, what happened to “us” ended up startling all of them.
KAITO: Especially band me. He was pretty overwhelmed by the show versions of Miku and the others.
KAITO: Come to think of it, Rin told me about what band her tried to do after returning...
KAITO: She did the same she did that day in the hopes of returning to that SEKAI once more...
KAITO: I'm also curious as to how that “me” is doing, so I might go take a look.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

[Station]

KAITO: Let's see... Ah, there he is.
KAITO (Ln): Okay, that should be enough water.
KAITO: He's watering the tree. How is it looking?
KAITO (Ln): Everything looks... Mhm. Normal.
KAITO: That's good to see. We wouldn't want major changes happening all the time.
KAITO (Ln): Still, is everything okay...?
KAITO: I wonder why he's looking up at the tree like that.
KAITO: I know it's just how things have to be, but it's still inconvenient that they can't hear us...
Saki: Hi, KAITO!
Miku (Ln): It's almost time for practice, so we came to get you.
KAITO (Ln): Oh, right... Thank you.
Honami: You were looking up at the tree just now. Is something wrong?
KAITO (Ln): No, nothing like that.
KAITO (Ln): I was just wondering how much taller it's going to grow.
KAITO: How much taller...
Shiho: It's already pretty tall. Do you think it's going to get even bigger?
Saki: What do you think, Ms. Ichi?!
Ichika: Me? Umm... There's a whole range of tree species, and how tall they get depends a lot on their environment...
Ichika: Well, actually, this tree grows based on our feelings, so I'm not sure we should compare it against any trees from our world.
KAITO: True...
KAITO: Personally, I'd like to see it take in all sorts of feelings and grow as much as it can.
Miku (Ln): I'd like to see it grow as tall as it can with the power of your feelings.
KAITO (Ln): Me too...
KAITO (Ln): But if it keeps growing straight upwards, it might get caught on the roof of the station...
Miku (Ln): Oh...
KAITO: Come to think of it, he might be right...
Shiho: I mean, the fact that it's growing from the platform of a train station is already weird.
Ichika: Maybe we should have replanted it somewhere with more space when it was a little smaller...
Honami: But it sprung up here all on its own, so it might be right where it needs to be.
KAITO: Right...
KAITO: You could try replanting it, but discover that it's returned to its original spot after a little while... That seems entirely possible.
Saki: Wait a second! Shouldn't we worry more about the roof than the tree?
Shiho: Wait, why?
Saki: Remember how it had a huge growth spurt after absorbing those black fragments of feelings?
Saki: If it can grow that fast, then next time it happens it might blast the roof wide open!
KAITO: It's true, their feelings are incredibly strong.
KAITO: And the tree grows based on those feelings, so it might start pressing up against the roof soon.
KAITO: I'm sure that this SEKAI isn't about to get in the way of these girls growing as a band...
KAITO: Hehe. Now I'm looking forward to seeing this tree's next growth spurt.
Rin's Voice (Rin-Ln): Hey, you guys! What's the holdup?!
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO-Ln): It's time to start practice!
Miku (Ln): Oh, right... We were here to get KAITO.
Ichika: *Nod* Let's go, KAITO. We're looking forward to practicing with you again today.
KAITO (Ln): Me too...
KAITO: Since I'm here, I think I'll watch them practice a little.
Saki: So, what do we do if the tree does break the station's roof?
Shiho: You're still stuck on that?
Honami: Hehe. If that happens, we may need to come over and help clean everything up.
Saki: I hadn't thought of that! That sounds really hard, so let's forget the whole thing!
KAITO: Hehe.
(Black cut)
