90_Kagamine Rin (MMJ)_R2 Stage SEKAI

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: Looks like...Miku and Co. aren't doing a gig right now. Which means this place is all ours!
Shizuku: Let's go and ask if they mind us practicing here today.
Minori: Okay! I'm sure they'll let us have our secret session!
Shizuku: Secret session?
Minori: Huh? You know, a secret practice session?
Shizuku: Oh, I haven't heard that phrase before. You're really in the know, Minori!
Minori: Oh, not at all, hehe.
Minori: Hey, I spotted Rin! Riiiiiiin!
Rin: Someone called me? Oh, it's you guys.
Shizuku: Sorry, were you rehearsing a song?
Rin: Yeah. I'll be doing a musical number with Miku tonight, but my dance moves are a bit off...
Rin: So I was secretly practicing on my own!
Minori: Wow, great minds think alike! That's what we came here for today too!
Rin: Oh, really? Would you like me to help you with anything?
Minori: That'd be awesome, thanks!
(Black cut)
Rin: Okay, first, show me what you've got.
Shizuku: Alright, let's count down and go through the full routine.
Minori: Kay! Get ready! One, two, three, four!
Minori: Now a quick big wave... Right... Left...
Minori: Right... Left... Um, was it like this? I think I got it wrong.
Shizuku: This part is really tricky.
Shizuku: For this move, Airi said to imagine we were pushing against a wall...
Minori: Hmm... I can't wrap my head around it...
Rin: Hey, why don't you try it with a real wall?
Minori: Huh?
Rin: Stand by this wall and quickly push against it! How's this?
Shizuku: I see... Let's give this a try, Minori.
Minori: Okay! One, two, three, four!
Minori: Aaand...push!
Shizuku: Oh!
Shizuku: You need to move your center of gravity for this wall-push move.
Minori: Yeah! I didn't even think of it until now! I thought all you need to do is move your arms.
Shizuku: Shall we try that part of the routine one more time?
Rin: Hehe♪ Good luck!
(Black cut)
Minori: This time it was perfect!
Minori: But... I feel like something was still missing?
Rin: Hmm... Yeah. Your moves were perfect and well-synced but you didn't seem to be having much fun...
Rin: Wait, that could be it!
Rin: I know what was missing!
Minori: You figured it out? Then tell us!
Rin: You're too fixated on dancing well and staying in sync!
Shizuku: Oh!
Shizuku: You're right. All I had in my head was that I had to get it perfectly right...
Shizuku: While that's very important, we must not forget that our job is to entertain our audience.
Rin: Yeah! You've also got to think of how to make it fun for them!
Rin: I for one would like to see more of Minori's energy and feel Shizuku's serene expression!
Minori: Thanks for the pointers, Rin! We'll try it again!
Rin: Okay!
(Black cut)
Rin: This time it was like a dream come true! It made me crave dancing together with you!
Rin: Hehe♪ I'd say your secret session was a great success!
Minori: That's all thanks to you!
Rin: Teehee! It feels great to be able to help!
Shizuku: You helped us notice a really important point we were missing. That made all the difference.
Rin: Hehe, thank you for letting me watch you practice! Next time could I ask you to help me with mine?
Minori & Shizuku: Sure!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

Rin: Let's practice together again sometime! Buh-bye!
Rin: Hehe, I'm glad Minori and Shizuku left satisfied and happy!
Rin: ...
Rin: Why don't you two come out now?
Haruka: You noticed us?
Airi: And here I thought we were super stealthy...
Rin: Heh heh heh♪ I've got eagle eyes! You wanted to check up on Minori and Shizuku, right?
Airi: Well, they seemed really worried about not being able to keep up with us during practice...
Haruka: We've been practicing until school closed for the day, so if there was one place they could go to, it was here.
Rin: So that's how you knew where to find them.
Airi: Can you tell us what advice you gave them? They improved so rapidly.
Haruka: I'm very curious too, since I don't think we were able to give them any useful advice ourselves...
Rin: You're wrong about that! They mastered the routine following advice from you guys!
Airi: What, really?
Haruka: But they seemed more confused by it than anything, and then they just clammed up...
Rin: They probably didn't want to take up any more of your time but needed a while to process it.
Rin: Minori's always saying that she doesn't want to be holding you back, that she needs to get up to speed soon.
Airi: Is that why they wouldn't talk to us?
Haruka: They should never feel bad about asking us for help...
Airi: Yeah. We're all in the same boat, pursuing the same dream together!
Haruka: Besides, I honestly want to do more for all of you.
Haruka: You helped me remember what my true feelings were, and thanks to that I have a goal to work towards. I'd like to give you something back for it.
Airi: I feel that way, too.
Rin: But you know, I think Minori and Shizuku share that sentiment.
Airi: Really?
Rin: I think that maybe they're practicing so much on their own because they want you to be able to keep taking steps towards your goal, without stopping to wait for them!
Haruka: They want us to keep moving forward...
Haruka: Helping each other's important...
Haruka: But so is having confidence in the less experienced members. Believing that they'll catch up without us having to slow down.
Airi: Rather than just be supportive, we can show them the way.
Rin: Yup!
Rin: Be their aspiration. It'll keep them motivated!
Airi: Hehe. It tickles my pride to be someone's aspiration.
Haruka: We'll have to keep running forward at full speed to be worthy ideals to chase after.
Airi: In that case, we should do some training of our own!
Haruka: And think of a new practice schedule for the month.
Haruka: Thanks, Rin. You cleared up our doubts.
Rin: That's good to hear! By the way, if you ever want to practice just by yourselves, you can do it here if you want.
Rin: It feels great to make a positive change for others! Their eyes were glinting with motivation♪
Rin: But as for catching up...
Rin: I should practice more and do some catching up, too!
(Black cut)
