91_Kagamine Rin (MMJ)_R3 Sparkling Performance

Gacha phrase: I'm here to cheer you all up!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

Rin: One, two, and... Cute pose♪
Rin: Phew... I need to work harder for our next show!
Rin: Is it possible to make this part cuter, though? The pose just now wasn't very striking at all... Huh?
???: ...
Rin: (Someone's hiding over there?)
Rin: In that case...
Rin: One, two, three, four, turn here, and...
Rin: Wah?!
Rin: Ouch... Ugh, that really hurt! I think I injured myself!
Airi: H-Hey! Are you okay?!
Rin: Aha! Now I've caught you!
Airi: What? Huh?
Rin: You were looking at me practicing just now, right? Why were you hiding, though?
Airi: I-I didn't want to interrupt you when you were practicing. Anyway, how's your injury? Does it still hurt?
Rin: Nope! I'm fine. I was just pretending.
Airi: Pr-Pretending?! Oh, you... You scared me out of my wits! Thank goodness you're okay.
Rin: Haha, sorry about that. I'm just happy that you're visiting again.
Airi: Oh, right. I came here to talk to you about something.
Rin: Huh? What about?
Airi: About my future plans.
Airi: I've decided to continue pursuing the path of an idol.
Rin: What? Really?!
Airi: Yes. Minori said something that struck me. She said she would stick to the path she'd chosen without any regrets, come what may.
Airi: I want to have that mindset too. I want to keep walking on the path I'd chosen, just like what I'd been determined to do when I first decided to become an idol.
Airi: So...I'm going to give it another go!
Rin: Alright! You have my support, Airi!
Airi: Minori wasn't the only one to make me think this way. Your encouragement really motivated me too, Rin.
Airi: That's why I wanted to come here to let you know about it! And express my gratitude, too.
Airi: Thank you, Rin.
Rin: You're welcome!
Rin: Hey, if you're really grateful, come practice with me♪
Airi: Practice with you? Of course I'd be happy to!
Rin: Yay! So there's this pose in the middle of the routine...
Airi: Ah, yes. The pose you were practicing just now. It did look a little out of place, like there's something lacking...
Rin: Yes, I know... What do you think I should do about it?
Airi: How about...something like this?
Airi: Bring your hand up to your face, lift your leg up like this, put on a smile and...pose!
Rin: That looks so cute! Yes, I think I'll try that!
Airi: Well, it's a move from the time when I was still an idol, so it may be a little old-fashioned...
Rin: I don't think so! I think it's super cute! Okay, I'm going to try it now♪
Rin: Hm, I'm shorter than you, so I'll need to make my movements look bigger...
Airi: You're always so serious about your performances.
Airi: I could feel it back when you were trying to cheer me up and right now as well. You're always giving it your all.
Rin: Huh? I mean, of course I am! I'm an idol, after all!
Rin: I want to lift up the spirits of everyone who comes to watch me perform! Even my best effort may not be good enough!
Airi: Oh!
Airi: Hehe, you're right. That's what being an idol is all about!
Airi: Alright, I'll share with you the secret to doing this pose well! Your fingers on this hand should be here... Just a little bit more.
Rin: Huh?! You noticed something so small?!
Airi: Of course! This is the best angle to place your fingers for the cutest pose! And that cute pose will bring the best encouragement to everyone watching!
Rin: Encouragement to everyone!
Rin: Great! I'll master this pose if it's the last thing I do!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: One, two, three...
Shizuku: Oh, wait. Shouldn't you be using the other leg for that?
Minori: Ah! Urgh, you're right...
Shizuku: Let's try that one more time, Minori. I would like to check my steps as well since I'm not very familiar with them yet.
Minori: Shizuku... Thank you. Let's perfect our moves and give Haruka and Airi a pleasant surprise!
Shizuku: Yes. We'll have to catch up to them quickly, after all!
Rin: Minori, Shizuku! How's it going?
Minori: Ah, Rin!
Shizuku: We have been improving little by little because you let us borrow this place for practice. Thank you for that.
Rin: You're most welcome! Say, can I join in the dance practice?
Minori: Of course!
(Black cut)
Minori: Step out, hand behind, kick, tap, tap, and pose!
Rin: Ah! Minori, that was perfect just now!
Shizuku: Yes, you did everything smoothly with no mistakes.
Minori: Did I really?! Yeah!
Minori: It must be because of the advice you gave me just now!
Shizuku: Really? Hehe, I'm glad the advice worked, then.
Shizuku: I'm still unsure, though. I thought I had improved, but the choreography for this dance has parts that highlight each one of us individually...
Rin: What's your part like, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Like this. I'll turn two rounds and glance over my shoulder.
Rin: Wow! It looks so mature and pretty!
Minori: Yes! Like a furtive glance from a goddess...
Shizuku: Really? Hehe, looks like I managed to pull it off, then.
Rin: Both of you have gotten so much better!
Rin: By the way! Can you look at my dance routine too? Turn and...pose♪
Minori: Haugh?!
Minori: How did you make that pose look so cute, Rin?! Th-That's not fair!
Shizuku: Oh my? This pose looks like something Airi used to do?
Minori: Ah! Now that you mention it...
Rin: It is! Airi taught me how to strike that pose just now.
Rin: Airi's amazing, isn't she? Her dance moves are perfect, and she even thinks about where to place her fingers for the best poses!
Shizuku: I know what you mean. Airi's dancing may simply seem energetic at first glance, but she puts a lot of thought into every move she makes.
Shizuku: She always tries to think of the best way to make the fans feel more excited about what they're watching...
Minori: Haruka said something like that too.
Minori: Something about how we'll naturally get better at dancing if we focus on the feelings of those watching us, right?
Minori: I'm not at a level where I can think about such things yet, but I know I want to get there one day!
Rin: You will! This SEKAI is the best proof of that!
Minori: What?
Rin: Remember that this SEKAI was born from all of your feelings?
Rin: Anyone whose feelings were beautiful enough to create this amazing SEKAI can definitely make their dreams come true!
Minori: Thank you!
Shizuku: It's so strange. When Rin says it like that, it really does make me feel like our dreams are within easy reach.
Minori: Yeah! I'm all pumped up and ready to take action now!
Minori: Rin! Can you watch my dance routine one more time?
Rin: Sure! Let's all do what we can to become the ideal idol!
(Black cut)
