92_Kagamine Rin (VBS)_R4 Heated Argument

Gacha phrase: Forget about Len! I don't care!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Rin: Heya, MEIKO!
MEIKO: Hi, Rin. Welcome.
Rin: Have you seen Len?
MEIKO: He hasn't been in yet today. Are you meeting him here?
Rin: Yeah. I thought he'd be here by now.
MEIKO: You're welcome to have a seat while you wait. Can I get you something to drink?
Rin: Sure! I'll take an iced tea!
MEIKO: One iced tea, coming right up.
Rin: Hey, MEIKO?
MEIKO: What is it?
Rin: How has L—I mean, how has Miku been lately?
MEIKO: Miku? She's been giving Kohane and the others a lot of advice on their singing.
Rin: Kohane is one of the sources of feelings for this SEKAI, right?
MEIKO: Yes, she is. I forgot you haven't been introduced yet.
Rin: Yeah, Len and I were still in the middle of that big fight and I was worried I'd run into him if I came to visit.
Rin: So what are Kohane and the others like?
MEIKO: Hehe. They're all very kind. I get the feeling you have something else you want to ask me, though.
Rin: What?! H-How did you know?!
MEIKO: It's written all over your face, Rin. You want to know how Len was doing while you two were fighting, am I right?
Rin: Hrng... How do you always know, MEIKO?
Rin: So how was he?
MEIKO: He wasn't himself for quite a while. I could tell he was really worried about you the whole time.
Rin: Really?! Can you give me more details?!
MEIKO: Well, every time he would visit, he would start—
Len: Heya!
MEIKO: Oh. Speak of the devil. Hello, Len.
Rin: Oh, Len! I've been waiting for you!
Len: Sorry about that! I got distracted and lost track of time.
Rin: You're always getting distracted!
Len: So what were you two talking about? You looked like you were really getting into it.
MEIKO: Well... What do you think, Rin? Do we tell him?
Rin: No way! This is a secret between me and MEIKO!
MEIKO: Well, there you have it. Sorry, Len.
Len: What?! That's no fair! C'mon!
Rin: I'm not telling! You snooze, you lose!
MEIKO: Hehe. At times like these, it's probably best to just leave it alone.
Len: Then what the heck was even the point of us making up?!
Rin: Ah... Sorry, I didn't mean...
Len: Oh, I-I'm not mad or anything! I'm big enough to forgive and forget!
Rin: Hey, Len...
Rin: Are you really okay having me as a partner?
Len: Wh-Why would you ask that? Of course I am.
Len: You're the only partner I want.
Len: What about you? Are you okay having me?
Rin: Yes, I want you as my partner! I can't imagine having anyone else!
Rin: I would never forgive you if you ever said you wanted to stop being partners!
Len: When you say it like that, it's a little embarrassing. But thanks.
Rin: Hehehe. I should be the one thanking you. I hope we remain partners forever!
MEIKO: Well don't just stand there all day, Len. Take a seat. What would you like to drink?
Len: I'll have a coffee. Oh, and no milk!
Rin: What? You can drink coffee without any milk? Wow! You're like a grown-up!
Len: Heh heh heh. Right?
MEIKO: Hehe. I'll be right back with your coffee. You two talk amongst yourselves.
Len: Oh, hey. A lot happened while you were gone, Rin. I need to tell you all about Kohane and the others!
Rin: Yeah, what are they like?
MEIKO: Hehe. It's good to see them back to their regular selves.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Rin & Len: Hello!
MEIKO: Welcome in, you two. Would you like your usual lemon soda?
Rin: No, thanks. Len and I were thinking about trying something different today.
Rin: I'm going to get some black tea and custard pudding!
Len: I'll get a coffee.
MEIKO: Black tea with custard pudding, and a coffee. Coming right up.
Rin: Thanks!
Rin: Hey, Len. I've been thinking. What do you think about organizing an event of our own sometime?
Len: Great timing as always, Rin! I was just thinking about asking you the same thing!
Len: The only thing is, I'm not really sure how to go about doing that.
Rin: Me neither. Hm...
Len: I know! What if we asked Akito and the others to join us? They keep saying their goal is to put on a big event, so I bet they would know how to do it.
Rin: That's a great idea! Let's try asking them, then.
Rin: I want to come up with a good set list, too!
Len: Yeah. I'd like to make some changes to a few songs so they flow together better, too. Man, the more we talk about it, the more I want to do it.
Rin: I know what you mean! I'm getting hyped just talking about it!
Len: I bet our list will get even bigger after getting advice from the others, too.
Rin: Now I'm getting really excited! Let's make it happen!
MEIKO: Here are your orders, you two. One tea with custard pudding, and one coffee.
Rin: Thanks, MEIKO!
Len: Rin, you like yours with lots of milk and sugar, right?
Rin: Yep. And you... Oh, that's right! You don't put anything in your coffee anymore, do you?!
Len: Sometimes. It just depends on how I'm feeling. I think I'll take mine straight today.
Rin: I'm jealous! You look so grown-up!
MEIKO: Hehe.
Rin: What was the chuckle for, MEIKO?
MEIKO: I was just thinking that it's hard to believe you two were having such a big fight so recently.
MEIKO: They say the more two people argue, the closer they are. I think that saying applies perfectly to you two.
Len: The more you argue...? Yeah, I guess it does.
Len: I don't usually hold anything back when I'm talking to Rin. I say whatever I'm thinking because I feel like she'll be able to accept it.
Rin: Yeah, I think I'm the same way. With Len, I feel like I can act a little selfish and it'll still be fine.
Rin: But I suppose sometimes I take it a little too far and it comes out as mean. I'm sorry, Len.
Len: It's fine. I should be the one apologizing.
Rin: Hey, would you like half of my pudding? Think of it as a sign of us making up!
Len: What? Really? Thanks, Rin!
Rin: Hey! I said half! That's way more than half!
Len: What happened to being close enough that we didn't need to hold back around each other?
Rin: That's not the same thing! You definitely don't want to get between me and my food!
Len: There's no need to get so upset. Look, there's still plenty left.
Rin: Grr... You even took the part with all the cream on top...
MEIKO: Alright, settle down you two. I'll tell you what. You can each have an extra dessert today on me.
Rin: Really?
MEIKO: Sure. Just this once, though.
Rin: MEIKO, you're the best! I'll try a piece of the cake, then!
Len: In that case, I'll get the fruit tart! You want to split them, Rin?
Rin: Sure! I've been wanting to try the tart. No taking the bigger half this time, though!
Len: Yeah, yeah. I promise to be careful.
MEIKO: Hehe. You two really are close. Just try not to argue too much, alright?
Rin & Len: Okay.
(Black cut)
