346_Kagamine Rin_RB Happy Anniversary!

Gacha phrase: Try to keep up, everyone!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Rui: That does it for our Christmas show performances. Well done, everyone.
Tsukasa: Indeed! With fun-filled performances each day!
Emu: Yup☆ And we got to give everyone that came to see us great, big smiles as a present too!
Nene: Yeah.
Nene: *Sigh* But I'd like to go home and relax after scrambling around these past few weeks for this show...
Nene: (Eating cake while playing video games... Priceless...)
Nene: Wait, huh...?
Emu: Is everything okay, Nene?
Nene: Oh, um... It feels like we're forgetting something, you know? Something really important...
Nene: Something we're supposed to do once Christmas is over...
Tsukasa: Homework?
Nene: Guh... You're not wrong, but that's not it...
Nene: (Hm? A notification on my phone? Is that person casting another game already...?)
Nene: (A trailer for an event...? <Kagamine Rin and Kagamine Len's Anniversary Show Stream>...)
Nene: That's it!
Tsukasa: Wah?! Wh-What is it?!
Nene: This! Look!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Rin: <Merry Christmas, everyone♪ It's Kagamine Rin and...>
Len: <Kagamine Len! Are you guys all having a fun Christmas?>
Rin: <Hehe. We even got to see KAITO... I mean, Santa Claus this year!>
Rin: <He visited us a little early, but he gave us a whole bunch of snacks♪>
Len: <That was really nice of him! But I really wish Santa Claus visited more people instead of just kids.>
Rin: <I know how you feel! He should visit everyone who really tried their best this past year.>
Len: <Which is why... We're gonna give all of you guys some presents!>
Rin: <Hehe. Can you guess what?>
Len: <The answer is... A special anniversary show put on by the both of us! There's even gonna be a livestream of it!>
Len: <You'll get to join in on the fun even if you can't make it to the actual show!>
Rin: <Hehe. Miku and the others are gonna be there to celebrate too, so let's all have some fun together♪>
Rin: <Oh, also! Our show's gonna be divided into two parts: my part and Len's part.>
Len: <They're gonna be totally different from each other, so stay tuned and be sure to check them both out!>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Wow, they're streaming their anniversary show! I'm totally gonna watch!
Tsukasa: I think I will too. They've both been great friends to us, so we should celebrate by also posting comments!
Nene: Yeah, you're both right...! But that's not what I was trying to say!
Rui: Oh, that reminds me. We had to temporarily suspend preparing for Rin and Len's anniversary show to work on our Christmas show.
Rui: It was nearly done but not quite from what I remember.
Nene: Yeah, that! Thank you, Rui.
Tsukasa & Emu: You're right!!
Tsukasa: I just assumed we were done and completely forgot about it. There's still work left to do.
Tsukasa: The party venue was all set, but we were still busy discussing the finer details, no...?
Emu: Yeah! We wanted to sing lots and lots of songs, and were still picking out what to actually sing!
Tsukasa: Exactly! We don't have time to gloat and feel proud of our Christmas show right now!
Nene: Yeah.
Nene: (My plan was to just go home and relax...)
Nene: We should probably get right to it before we lose our focus.
Tsukasa: I agree! Let's get started!
Tsukasa: Rui, help me with the layout. I believe you wanted to use that device again from when you filled in as an extra and director.
Rui: Yes, I'd like to redecorate it using Rin and Len's colors, while also adjusting it so that it can shoot out snacks and candy.
Emu: And while they do that, Nene, let's pick out some songs to sing♪ Oh, I wanna sing all of them to celebrate☆
Nene: All of them? If we do that, we won't have any time for cake or snacks.
Nene: (Rin and Len's anniversary...)
Nene: (Until just recently, I never would've seen myself celebrating VIRTUAL SINGER anniversaries like this.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rin: <Aww, Nene! What's with the long face?>
Rin: <This is a great chance to make new friends, isn't it? Bring your smiley face and have some fun☆>
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin: <Nene! Are you sure you want to end the day like this?>
(White cut)
Rin: <It's so sad to just say goodbye like this! Why not arrange to meet again?>
(White cut)
Rin: <You'll be fine♪ And I'll be there to help you too☆>
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nene: They gave me a great celebration, so...
Nene: Okay!
Nene: Let's do our best to make their celebration a good one.
Emu: Yeah♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Rin: Everyone, are you ready?!
Len: How about everybody watching the stream? Are you ready?
Len: Let's see... “Good to go!” And... “Let's do this!” Alright, I think we're set!
Rin: Let's get Kagamine Rin & Kagamine Len's Special Anniversary Show started♪
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
Rin: Thanks for listening, everyone!
MEIKO: That was incredible! You two were more in sync than usual!
Rin: Hehe. Thank goodness! We practiced a lot just for today!
Luka: Hehe. You spent quite a lot of time on your setlist too.
Miku: I noticed that too. They even had a whole sheet of paper filled with ideas for their eventual setlist.
Len: You only get one day to celebrate an anniversary each year, so we wanted to make the most of it.
Len: But we sort of got carried away and ended up writing things on the desk we were using.
Rin: Oh, I mean, we didn't have any room left on that sheet of paper, so it is what it is...!
KAITO: That reminds me... Rin, I heard that you were doing shows even in your dreams because you were so excited.
Rin: Hehe. That's actually how I decided on a setlist for my part of the show!
Miku: Oh, really?
Rin: Yeah! I kept trying to think of the best songs for this and almost didn't know what to do...
Rin: But while I was dreaming, I saw myself singing all the songs I was really hoping to sing here!
Len: Haha. Talk about ambitious.
Rin: But they all mean so much to me, and I'm able to sing them because of everybody that's here!
Rin: So I want to sing as many of them as I can! I think that's what my dreams were telling me to do!
Rin: And for my part of the show, I'll be bringing you a special medley!
Rin: You'll get to hear song after song, so try to keep up, everyone!
Rin: I know this isn't gonna be easy, you guys, but I'll be counting on you too!
Miku: No, don't say that. I can't wait to get started!
MEIKO: I agree! If we're not careful, some of us might jump out onto the stage even when it's not our turn.
Luka: Hehe. If that happens, we'll just have to sing together.
Rin: Haha. Great idea! That'll be more fun anyway!
Len: Alright, Rin, you ready?
Rin: Yeah!
Rin: Here we go! My special anniversary show medley♪
(Black cut)
Rin: Phew... We sang so much...
Luka: Hehe. You seem happy, Rin.
Rin: Yeah! I'm super duper extra happy♪
Rin: How about you guys? Did you all have fun?
KAITO: Look at all the comments everybody left while watching the stream.
Rin: Yeah! They've been cheering in unison with everyone else!
Rin: Seeing all those comments come in at once was so amazing!
Rin: Thank you for making this such a great show, everyone!
Rin: And that concludes my part of the show! Next, we have...
Len: Oh, Rin, actually... Your part isn't over yet.
Rin: Huh?
Luka: We've prepared some special messages for you. Would you mind hearing them?
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000032/bg_s000032.webp)
Luka: Happy anniversary, Rin. I can't help but smile every time I see you and Len singing together the way you do.
Luka: I hope you two stay as close as you are now.
MEIKO: Great show, Rin! It was really worth helping out with it considering how much fun it ended up being.
MEIKO: I always have fun hanging out with you, but I really hope we get another chance to do a show like this, together!
KAITO: Rin, working towards your own goals is a wonderful thing, but the effort you put into making sure everyone in the audience would enjoy this show also needs mentioning.
KAITO: Truly an incredible show! Happy anniversary, Rin!
Miku: Happy anniversary, Rin!
Miku: Sometimes, you do get ahead of yourself and don't get the results you were looking for...
Miku: But your bright and cheerful outlook on everything is what makes you so adorable, Rin. I hope that light never fades!
Len: Last but not least, me!
Len: Happy anniversary, Rin!
Len: We share the same anniversary, but it always feels like we get twice the celebration with you and everyone else around!
Len: Hehe. So let's keep this party going and make everything as fun as possible!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin: You guys...
Rin: Th-That's not fair... No one told me about this...
MEIKO: Haha. Of course, no one told you. It wouldn't be a secret if someone did, right?
Miku: So if you don't mind, we'd like to congratulate you one last time! One, two...!
Everyone: Happy anniversary, Rin!
Rin: Hehe...
Rin: Th-Thanks, you guys... I don't know what else to say!
Rin: I promise to keep putting on fun shows and singing all sorts of different songs!
Rin: I can sing these songs because of you, so I want everyone out there to hear them.
Rin: Now, let's move to Len's part of the show!
Len: Enjoy and don't forget to stick around until the end!
(White cut)
