371_Kagamine Rin (MMJ)_R3 Idol On Cake♪ (event_48)

Gacha phrase: I get to be on stage too♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Kagamine Rin)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: Hmm... I feel like this part of the cake's missing something...
Emu: Saki! Saki! Here! You can decorate them with these shiny thingies!
Saki: Thanks, Emu! I'll try putting on a couple...
Airi: I've got some of those decorative candies left over here too.
Saki: I can use these? Thank you so much!
Rin: (It wasn't all easy, but it looks like their cakes are gonna turn out really great♪)
Rin: (At the same time, I didn't know what was gonna happen when Shizuku and the others showed up at the door.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: We...
Airi: We were just practicing a dance routine here!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rin: (Thank goodness they managed to talk their way out of that.)
Rin: (They all worked so hard on these cakes, so I'm sure everyone receiving them will smile from ear to ear when they see them.)
Rin: (Also, would Miku and the others like it if I made some chocolates for them...?)
Rin: (Yeah...!)
(Black cut)
Saki, Airi & Emu: We're done!!
Airi: Nice work, you two! These cakes look absolutely amazing!
Saki: Hehe. It's all thanks to you, Airi♪
Emu: Yup yup☆ Tsukasa and the others won't know what to do with themselves when they see this!
Airi: Alright, now to clean everything. We have a big pile of stuff to wash, so we should get started.
Saki: Okay! I'll carry all the bowls and rubber spatulas to the sink...
Emu: I'll help you carry stuff.
Airi: Sounds good. I'll start gathering up all the ingredients we didn't end up using...
Rin: (Now's my chance!)
Rin: <Airi, do you have a second?>
Airi: Hey, Rin. Sure, what's up?
Rin: <So... I want to put together a gift for Miku and the others too.>
Rin: <Is there anything that you think I can make...?>
Airi: Well...
Airi: If you're going to make it, you'll have to do it in SEKAI.
Airi: Which means you won't have access to a stove or oven, so it'd have to be something that doesn't require baking or cooking...
Rin: <So I guess that's a no, huh...?>
Airi: No, not necessarily. Let's meet in SEKAI tonight to work out something!
Rin: <Okay! Thanks, Airi!>
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Stage SEKAI]

Airi: Hey, Rin, thanks for waiting.
Rin: No, thank you for meeting with me like this!
Rin: I really appreciate you doing this for me. I know you had a lot to deal with today.
Airi: What are you saying? I was able to fool Shizuku and the others because of you, Rin.
Airi: Also, don't forget that you're a valued member of the Secret Valentine's Day Alliance! I'm here to help if you ever need it!
Rin: Airi...! Thank you so much! I promise to try my best!
Airi: Good. That's what I like to hear!
Airi: As for what you can make, how about some crunchy chocolate clusters?
Rin: I know what those are! Chunky, crunchy, chocolatey deliciousness!
Airi: Exactly. We can make them right here too since they don't require a stove or oven.
Airi: Not only that, you can make them in all shapes and sizes! Here, check some of these out!
Rin: Wow...! Some are round, some are square and some even look like hearts and stars!
Rin: Oh, they're more colorful than I was expecting too! These look amazing!
Airi: Hehe. See any cute ones you like?
Rin: Yeah! Wait, this one's also really cute...!
Airi: You're right. A bar instead of clusters, huh?
Rin: I had trouble choosing between this and the round one, but this should be easy to decorate and wrap in something cute♪
Airi: Good call! Then, why don't we go with this?
Airi: Also, feel free to use the rest of the ingredients we had left over from baking our cakes.
Airi: Now, that just leaves how you're gonna wrap these! I'll try looking for something suitable.
Rin: Thanks, Airi!
Rin: In the meantime, I'll look for a place where we can make these without being found out by Miku or anyone else!
Airi: Great, thanks! While you're at it, try coming up with some decoration ideas for your gift.
Rin: Okay!
Airi: Alright, Secret Valentine's Day Alliance! One final effort for one final surprise!
Rin: Yeah♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: Airi's Valentine's Day cake was so good!
Miku (MMJ): It really was! Thank you for baking us such a cute and delicious cake, Airi♪
Airi: You're all very welcome. I'm glad you guys liked it so much!
Airi: Hm? It's getting pretty late...
Haruka: Oh, you're right... We should probably get going soon since we have school tomorrow.
Shizuku: I suppose so. We'll see you all tomorrow during practice, okay?
Rin: Yeah! See you then!
Airi: Alright, Rin, you're up next, right? Good luck!
Rin: Thanks, Airi!
Len: Alright, we should probably call it day too.
Rin: W-Wait just a second!
KAITO: Hm? Yes, Rin?
Rin: Hehe. There's something I'd like to give all of you.
Rin: And here it is, you guys! Happy Valentine's Day♪
MEIKO: What?! You also prepared something for us, Rin?
Rin: Yeah. I asked Airi for some help and she showed me something that I could make myself♪
Rin: These represent my appreciation for all of you, so I hope you give them a try!
Rin: I'll start handing them out in order! Starting with... KAITO!
Rin: KAITO! Thank you for always being the one putting together my schedule leading up to each show! Your advice regarding effects and stuff has also been huge!
Rin: Which is why I want to start helping you with your shows, so feel free to ask me for anything!
KAITO: Thank you. I may just have to take you up on your offer.
Rin: Great! I promise to do my best!
Rin: You're next, Len!
Len: Okay.
Rin: Thanks for always being there to talk about set lists and communicating with the audience!
Rin: You've been the reason behind why some of my shows have gone really, really well!
Rin: I appreciate the advice you've given me so far, and I'm hoping that we can keep having those sorts of discussions.
Len: Of course, Rin. After all, we're idol buddies.
Rin: Hehe♪
Rin: Next I have, MEIKO!
MEIKO: Present!
Rin: I really love the way you interact with the crowd during your shows, MEIKO, and genuinely admire you for that.
Rin: Would it be possible for you to teach me more about how to run shows the way you do sometime?!
MEIKO: Of course♪ Come ask me at any time!
Rin: Thank you so much!
Rin: Next, Luka, if you will!
Luka: Wonderful♪
Rin: The way you dance with so much grace and carry yourself as an idol is something that I've been trying to copy for a really long time.
Rin: But I still haven't been able to figure it out, so I'd love to learn more from you about that!
Luka: Hehe. I'd be honored♪ And thank you for the chocolates, Rin.
Rin: You're very welcome!
Rin: Last but not least, Miku!
Miku (MMJ): Yay♪
Rin: Thank you so very much for being in so many shows with me!
Rin: Remember that time we got too caught up in doing fan service for the audience that we both forgot where we were supposed to stand...?
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. I wasn't sure what we could do then, but you kept your cool and figured out a way.
Rin: No, Miku, I was only able to do that because you said, “It's okay. Just stay calm.”
Rin: You've always been there for me like that, and I can't thank you enough for it.
Rin: I wouldn't be here right now if it weren't for you, Miku! I'm looking forward to doing lots and lots more stuff together♪
Miku (MMJ): Me too♪ Let's do another show together soon, Rin!
KAITO: Alright, Rin, mind if I try some of your chocolates now?
Rin: Go for it♪
Luka: I think I will as well♪
Luka: Oh, the wrapping for KAITO's chocolates looks like an English newspaper, but mine are covered in pink flowers.
MEIKO: Look, mine's also different!
Len: Same here. It's like they were specially picked out for each of us.
Rin: Yup! I had Airi choose some designs for me and went with what's in your hands.
KAITO: And these chocolate clusters are very cute! I can tell you worked very hard on these, Rin.
KAITO: Anyway, let's have a taste. Mmm... They're good and not overly sweet either.
Rin: I wasn't sure about what all of your preferences were in terms of sweetness, so I tried making them not too sweet but also not too bitter♪
Luka: So a pinch of sweetness and a lot of love♪
MEIKO: Hehe. Oh, Luka.
Rin: (Thank goodness. They all seemed to really like it.)
Rin: (Airi! My Valentine's Day surprise was a huge success!)
(Black cut)
