409_Kagamine Rin (MMJ)_R2 Bloomy Idol♪ (event_54)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Rin: Hmm... Not here either...
Rin: (I was hoping that I'd be able to go back to that place if I found that fragment again.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rin: (That place felt so strange and wondrous.)
Rin: (All these cherry blossom petals danced in the air while the girls' thoughts and feelings sparkled as they hung from that tree's branches.)
Rin: Wait, we're gonna have a really big petal blizzard for our show!
Rin: (But petals alone won't make it feel like a show under a big cherry blossom tree...)
Rin: (It's not really possible to bring a whole tree over, but what if we made a prop that looks like one?)
Rin: (Hmm... No, I'm not sure we'd be able to make one in time for our show.)
Rin: (I guess I have no choice but to give up on my tree idea...)
KAITO: Hm? Rin? Why the long face?
MEIKO: Oh no. Your cute face shouldn't have a frown on it.
Rin: *Gasp* KAITO! MEIKO!
Rin: I-I'm okay, really! I was just getting myself pumped up to practice for our spring show!
KAITO & MEIKO: ...
MEIKO: Hehe. We see right through you, Rin.
Rin: What?! I-I'm not lying!
KAITO: But your eyes are moving all over the place. You still seem to refuse to make eye contact with us.
Rin: Wait, I was just...
KAITO: You know you can tell us if there's something bothering you, right?
Rin: But...
Rin: (I'd probably just end up being a bother...)
MEIKO: Hmm...
Rin: Huh? MEIKO?
MEIKO: It's the tickle monster...!
Rin: Eep! Hahahaha! MEIKO, stop! That tickles! Hahaha!
MEIKO: What did I say about frowning with such a cute face? C'mon, give us a smile.
Rin: M-MEIKO! Hahaha! I... I can't breathe!
MEIKO: Why don't you tell us what's on your mind as you laugh yourself silly?
Rin: Haha! Okay, I'll talk! So please, stop tickling me...!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: I see. You're wondering if we can somehow put together a cherry blossom tree prop.
KAITO: Yes, I agree that a tree would give our show a much more springlike feel.
Rin: But... I can't imagine how hard it would be to put one together right now...
Rin: I really don't want to be a bother since I already asked you guys to help me look for cherry blossom trees...
KAITO: A bother? I think you're jumping to the wrong conclusion...
Rin: Huh?
KAITO: Rin, why do you want to have a show under a cherry blossom tree so much?
Rin: Why...? Because it'd be so much prettier that way, and our fans would be totally blown away by our show if we did...
MEIKO: In other words, you want to have a cherry blossom tree to make this show as good as it can be!
MEIKO: In my book, that doesn't make you a bother at all!
KAITO: I agree. Also, you won't know if it's possible until you ask everyone about it.
Rin: MEIKO, KAITO...
MEIKO: You've come up with a wonderful idea, so we should definitely ask the others to hear what they think♪
KAITO: Oh, it might be good to have some illustrations ready to go along with your explanation. Why don't you draw a simple set design for us?
Rin: Okay! I'll give it a try...!
(Black cut)
Rin: So I think the stage would look really incredible if we made some cherry blossom branches like the ones in this sketch...
Rin: Wh-What do you guys think...?
Len: It won't be easy even if we started right now...
Luka: But I do agree that the stage will look absolutely gorgeous♪
Miku (MMJ): I'd love to sing on a stage that's covered in cherry blossoms like the one you drew, Rin.
Rin: Does that mean...?!
Miku (MMJ): Yes, let's give it a try. Rin, we'll make such amazing props that even Minori and the girls will be left speechless♪
Rin: Thanks, Miku! Thanks, you guys!
Luka: KAITO, MEIKO, I take it that we'll be able to make these in time since you both seem so optimistic about this endeavor?
KAITO: Yes. It'll be all hands on deck, but we should have enough time to pull this off.
Len: Yeah, we won't know until we try.
Len: Also, the theme for this show's “a new side of us”...
Len: I think that should include both our performance and the stage. Wouldn't it be great to show everyone how both have evolved?
Rin: Y-Yeah...!
KAITO: Alright, that settles that! Let's start hammering out the details and figuring out our assignments.
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Rin: KAITO, does this color seem about right for our cherry blossom branches...?
MEIKO: We made some look a little darker as a little test! What do you think? They look pretty real, right?
KAITO: Yes, that's fantastic! These look just like real branches.
Rin: Cool! We did it, MEIKO!
Rin & MEIKO: Up top♪
Miku (MMJ): KAITO! Everyone! Mind looking this way for a minute?
Luka: Look what we found! The white lace curtains we used during one of our other shows♪
Luka: How about we dye this light pink and cover it with some of the cherry blossoms you've all been making?
Miku (MMJ): We could hang this up alongside Rin's branches too. That way, it'll look like the cherry blossoms are gracefully wafting in the breeze.
Rin: Whoa! That'd look so pretty!
MEIKO: I agree! Let's give it a shot, KAITO!
KAITO: Sure, but let's check to see if we have the materials necessary to make some extra cherry blossoms.
Len: Miku let me know what's going on and I just checked our stock.
Len: Surprisingly, we should have more than enough to use on these curtains.
Miku (MMJ): Thank goodness. I really appreciate it, Len!
KAITO: All that's left is for us to do everything we can to make these!
MEIKO: Yes. I'm sure we'll be fine since we're all very good at putting our best foot forward♪
Rin & Miku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: The branches are done! Now we just need to put cherry blossoms on them.
Luka: The curtains are a lovely pink now too♪
KAITO: Hey! Anyone free? We need some extra hands making cherry blossoms.
Miku & Len: Okay!
Rin: (Wow...! This is so amazing...!)
Rin: (I didn't think it was possible, but this set's really coming together!)
Rin: (I never realized that we could do so much when we work together like this!)
Rin: KAITO! I'll help make cherry blossoms too!
(Black cut)

[The day of the spring show]

Miku (MMJ): Minori and the girls should be here soon.
Rin: Right...!
Rin: (I hope they like the stage we all helped put together...!)
Rin: Oh!
Minori: Hello! We're really looking forward to today's show!
Minori: Wait, whoa...! L-Look at the stage! It's covered in cherry blossoms!
Haruka: Is that a cherry blossom tree? No, wait, it's a line of trees...?
Shizuku: I believe you're right. There are so many cherry blossom branches hanging down from the ceiling.
Airi: And that curtain's gorgeous! Look how pink it is...!
MEIKO: Hehe. I'm glad you're enjoying our surprise♪
Luka: It was Rin's idea to set up the stage like this.
Minori: What?! Rin, this was your idea?!
Rin: Um, well... My idea was that you and everyone else would like it if we did a show under a cherry blossom tree...
Rin: But it was only possible to get so many trees set up because we all worked together!
Rin: There was no way I would've been able to do something like this on my own.
KAITO: Hehe. You came up with a wonderful idea, so we felt compelled to help make it a reality.
Miku (MMJ): Exactly! It became more and more fun as we kept building everything too. We even managed to come up with some improvements along the way♪
KAITO: That's right. And before we knew it, our stage had turned into this extravagant sight.
Len: And I'm really glad we went through with this.
Luka: Me too. Especially since “a new side of us” is our theme for this show♪
Rin: Yeah!
Rin: Hey, MORE MORE JUMP!
Rin: Let's do the spring show together on this cherry blossom stage♪
Haruka: Yes, let's.
Shizuku: We get to perform on this incredible stage? I must be dreaming.
Airi: I know, right?! We gotta do our best to put on a show that does this stage justice!
Minori: Oh, um... Before we start the show, can we take some time to look at all the cherry blossoms...?
Len: Of course. You can come up this way. Follow me.
Minori: Yay!
KAITO: Looks like they all like your idea very much, Rin.
Rin: Yeah!
Rin: All that's left is to make all of our fans feel the same way during our show!
Rin: And I'm gonna do my best to make that happen!
(Black cut)
