424_Kagamine Rin (MMJ)_R4 You Can Rely On Me More♪ (event_57)

Gacha phrase: You can bug me as much as you want!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

Rin: One, two, three, four...! And... A great, big smile♪
(Black cut)
Rin: Okay, I'm getting the hang of that new dance now. I can't wait to practice it with Minori and the girls!
Rin: (Oh, but...)
Rin: (They're still trying to help the girl that's writing their new song for them...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rin: (Hmm... I told Haruka pretty much everything I could, so I hope things are going well...)
Rin: Huh? Haruka?!
Haruka: Perfect. There's something I need to tell you, Rin.
Rin: Did something happen? If you need to talk, I'm all yours.
Haruka: Thanks. But I'm not here to talk today. I'm here to invite you.
Rin: Huh? Invite me?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Rin: <Wow...! This place is massive! So many people too!>
Rin: <Uh oh...! I probably shouldn't speak so loudly, huh?>
Airi: You should be fine. There's enough going on around us, and we'll be sure to keep an eye out for you.
Shizuku: Right. We want you to enjoy yourself and have a fun day out shopping with us.
Rin: <Really...?! Thank you all so much!>
Minori: But I still wish you could've been there to see Mai's show with us, Rin.
Rin: <No, it's okay. Haruka even said that it wouldn't be easy to keep her phone out the entire time.>
Rin: <But I've been super stoked about going shopping with all of you♪ Where do you wanna go first?>
Haruka: Hehe. How about...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Rin: <Whoa...! This place is really big too! Also with lots of people!>
Rin: <Oh no...!>
Rin: <I did it again... Did anyone see me? Are we okay?>
Haruka: We're fine. Again, there's plenty going on here anyway.
Rin: <Phew... Thank goodness.>
Rin: <Still...>
Rin: <Look at all the shops...! Oh, what's that one?>
Shizuku: That's a decor store. They sell all sorts of fun goods and trinkets.
Airi: Um, you could be a little more descriptive...
Minori: It'll be quicker to just see for ourselves, so let's check it out!
Rin: <Okay!>
(Black cut)
Rin: <Oh wow! Hey, why's this cat taking a bath?>
Haruka: That looks like a humidifier that doesn't require electricity. Apparently, it'll humidify on its own after you pour in some water.
Rin: <Oh, how about these really fluffy clothes?>
Shizuku: I believe that's loungewear. Oh, look at that. The hood's a cute bunny.
Rin & Minori: <That's adorable!>
Rin: <What about that other fluffy one? The hood looks spiky...>
Haruka: This one's... Oh, it's an alligator.
Rin & Airi: <A-An alligator?!> A-An alligator?
(Black cut)
Haruka: I'm glad we managed to get our hands on some nice accessories.
Minori: Yeah! We can hand Miku and the others the souvenirs we got them the next time we're in SEKAI!
Rin: <Okay, sounds like a plan♪>
Haruka: Where would you like to go next, Rin?
Rin: <Huh? You're really okay with me picking where we go?>
Airi: We've been here a ton of times already, so we should go where you want to go today.
Shizuku: Yes. Also, we can't help but smile when we see you having so much fun.
Haruka: Yeah, I agree.
Rin: <Huh? Why's that...?>
Haruka: We decided to take a day off to have fun, but we were worried that we wouldn't be able to actually enjoy ourselves today.
Minori: Yeah, it's hard not to think about Hasegawa.
Haruka: I know. I'm still really worried...
Haruka: But you said so yourself. “How can you save someone when you aren't feeling very good yourself?”
Haruka: We're able to have a fun day out shopping today because you're smiling and genuinely having a good time, Rin.
Rin: <Really...?>
Airi: Yeah, of course!
Rin: <Hehe. That's good to hear...!>
Rin: <Alright, let's have even more fun♪ We're all gonna be smiling from ear to ear!>
Minori: Yeah, let's do that!
Haruka: Hehe. Okay, why don't we head to our next stop?
Rin: <Woohoo!>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

Rin: Do you think Haruka and the others are gonna visit today...?
Miku (MMJ): Hmm... We didn't make any plans to practice together today, so they might not.
Rin: *Sigh* I had a feeling you'd say that.
Rin: (They all really seemed to enjoy themselves when we went out shopping the other day...)
Rin: (But I keep wondering how the girl writing their new song is doing...)
Rin: As worried as I am, I still have a dance routine that I need to practice.
Miku (MMJ): You mean the new one that you said you were finally getting the hang of?
Rin: Yeah. But there's this one part that keeps giving me trouble...
Miku (MMJ): Oh, Rin!
Rin: Huh?
Rin: Haruka!
Haruka: Hi, Rin! Hello to you too, Miku. Sorry for not getting a chance to visit sooner.
Haruka: I'm sure you were worried after everything I told you, Rin.
Rin: Oh...
Rin: N-No, I wasn't worried at all...! I always believed that you'd all be just fine!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Even though you were anxiously awaiting Haruka's arrival just now, Rin?
Rin: What? M-Miku...!
Haruka: Rin... You too, Miku... Thank you for showing so much concern for us.
Haruka: You made it possible for me to tell the girl writing our song what I wanted to say.
Rin: Really?!
Haruka: Yes. As a result, she began feeling a little better.
Rin: ...!
Miku (MMJ): Good for you, Rin♪
Rin: Thanks!
Haruka: Also, Rin. I'd like to repay you for the advice you gave me. Is there anything you'd like me to do for you?
Rin: Huh? Repay me?
Rin: Hmm... What I'd like you to do for me...?
Miku (MMJ): Oh, why don't you have her help you with that dance routine? Weren't you just about to keep working on it?
Rin: Great idea! Especially since Haruka's such a great dance teacher!
Rin: So, Haruka, the thing is...
(Black cut)
Haruka: Alright, let's do a quick run-through based on what we just discussed...
Haruka: One... Two... Three... Four...
Rin: Huh? Is it me or did Miku and I fall out of sync when you said, “Three,” just now?
Haruka: Yes, when you tilted your bodies. Rin, stay still and hold that step for me...
Haruka: On three, if you have all your weight on your right foot, it's going to be hard to transition to the next step.
Miku (MMJ): I see. It seemed like just a timing issue when we were standing next to each other like this, but it was really a matter of weight and balance.
Haruka: Exactly. On three, try putting your weight on your left foot and move your right foot back slightly...
Haruka: And gently bend your left knee while in this position.
Rin: Okay.
Rin: Whoa! My right foot moved forward all on its own!
Haruka: Hehe.
Haruka: Having your weight shifted in the right position like this should make it easier to move to the next step on the count of three. Not only that, but you'll make fewer mistakes and be able to present yourselves better.
Rin: Yeah, weight and balance.
Rin: Thank you so much, Haruka! I'll keep that in mind as I practice!
Rin: Oh, Miku, mind seeing how I do?
Miku (MMJ): Of course!
(Black cut)
Rin: One... Two... Th... No, my weight's on my right foot again.
Miku (MMJ): That just may be what feels most natural now after practicing so much.
Haruka: That's okay. Just take it slow as you try to shift your weight into the right position.
(Black cut)
Rin: (Left foot... Left foot...)
Rin: One... Two... Th... W-Wah!
Haruka: Rin? Are you okay?
Miku (MMJ): Did you twist your ankle?
Rin: No, I'm okay! Thanks, you two!
Rin: Alright, one more time.
Rin: (Miku and Haruka are really going out of their way to help me with this routine.)
Rin: (I couldn't ask for better support♪)
Rin: (I want them to smile, so I've gotta keep trying my best!)
(Black cut)
Rin: One, two, three, four...!
Rin: Oh... I... I did it!
Miku (MMJ): Nice job, Rin! That was great!
Haruka: All that's left is to adjust your tempo to match the music and you should be dancing beautifully in no time.
Rin: Okay! Thank you so much, Haruka, Miku!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. You're very welcome♪
Haruka: I know. Minori and the others are going to be here soon to practice, so why don't you lead this part for them?
Rin: What? Me?
Haruka: The truth is, Minori's having trouble with the same exact part.
Haruka: But she's really close to getting it right, so I'd really appreciate it if you could give her that extra push over the finish line...
Rin: *Gasp* Yeah, you can count on me!
Rin: Alright, I'm gonna get this part down perfectly before the others all get here♪
(Black cut)
