496_Kagamine Rin (Ln)_R3 Unspeakable Words (event_69)

Gacha phrase: Wh-What should I say...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

MEIKO: Alright, I hereby declare this meeting to discuss our strategy for the girls' training sessions open!
Rin: Yay♪
Len: Yay...? You know we're not here to play around, right?
Luka: Hehe. We may actually come up with some nice ideas if we do try to have fun with this like her.
Miku (Ln): So... Shiho asked us to teach her and the others how to play their instruments better.
KAITO: Right. She said one-on-one sessions would be preferable...
KAITO: But... Who's going to be looking at who?
MEIKO: That's the issue at hand. There are six of us and only four of them.
Rin: No, two of us are gonna get left out! That'd be way too sad!
Len: Then, why don't we have those two move around freely?
Miku (Ln): Move around?
Len: Yeah, they could roam between groups to see how everyone's doing.
Luka: Yes, that's a nice idea. I was just thinking one of us should sort of oversee everything.
KAITO: Yes, I see... That could work...
KAITO: However... I probably shouldn't be the one...
Rin: Wait, KAITO, why not? You seem like the one who'd see things the most objectively.
KAITO: Each of the girls is going to have a tutor assigned to them, yes...? As they train and work together...
KAITO: In time, their bond will grow stronger...
Miku (Ln): Right. That means our trust in one another will also increase.
KAITO: Exactly. As nice as that may be...
KAITO: I'm not sure I can handle practicing with someone like that...
Miku (Ln): Oh, I see...
Len: You sure? I have a feeling that you'd do fine since the goal of this is to make them better performers.
MEIKO: In any case, let's start thinking about who's going to be assigned to who.
MEIKO: I'd like to lead off by saying Honami asked me for some help, so I'd like to be assigned to her if possible.
Miku (Ln): Hmm... I'd like to work with Ichika or Shiho. We already do a lot of sessions together, and know about each other's habits and tendencies.
Luka: I'm in the same boat.
Rin: I'm okay with anyone♪ It could be really fun to move around and see how everyone's doing!
Len: Hmm.... I'm also okay with anyone. I can't really think of a good reason to be assigned to a particular person like you guys.
MEIKO: Then, KAITO, how about you?
KAITO: Um... I'm not sure I have a strong preference either...
Len: Saki's still on the table. If anything, I think Rin should be assigned to her since they get along so great.
Luka: Right... However, in terms of training, there is one thing that's bothering me.
Miku (Ln): What's that?
Luka: We're all essentially able to play any instrument... That also means we don't specialize in any particular one.
KAITO: Yes, that's true... I like playing certain instruments, but they're not necessarily my specialty...
KAITO: I'm also worried about one person teaching someone for two weeks straight since they'd only be exposed to that tutor's style and knowledge...
MEIKO: Hmm... You bring up a good point.
Rin: So, it's not a good idea to have the same teacher the entire time?
Rin: Then, why don't we shuffle around? You could be assigned to one person today, and someone else tomorrow!
Len: Hey, don't kid around like...
Len: Actually, that might be a really good idea...
Miku (Ln): Yes. That way, one person's teaching style won't dominate.
Luka: I agree. And as long as we report to each other what we do each day, we'll know how the girls are progressing.
Rin: Yeah! Also, even if these training sessions do get really tough, they'll get have some fun wondering who's going to be assigned to them for the day♪
MEIKO: Haha. Definitely!
KAITO: It'd be easier for me if I were assigned to only one person...
KAITO: However, it would allow us to be ourselves...
MEIKO: We all see things from different perspectives, which should greatly benefit Ichika and the girls!
Rin: Wait, does that mean...?! We're going with my idea?!
Len: Yup.
Rin: Woohoo! Do the tutor shuffle!
MEIKO: Alright, now we need to discuss who's going to be assigned to who first!
Rin: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Sorry... I didn't realize just how serious you all were.
Shiho: Even though you played as hard as you could today, I wasn't willing to listen...
Shiho: So...
Shiho: I'm gonna play like I mean it. So, let's make our next performance one to remember...
Ichika: Shiho...
Shiho: Try to keep up with me, okay?
Ichika, Honami & Saki: Okay!
(Black cut)
Rin: ...
Luka: Keeping up with Shiho isn't going to be easy, is it...?
MEIKO: But this is just the first day. For now, let's keep watching over them.
Rin: ...
Luka: Are you that worried about them Rin...?
Rin: Y-Yeah... There's that, but also...
Rin: It's so hard to be kind and thoughtful to someone in just the right way...
MEIKO: Haha. Yes, it is.
Rin: Huh...?
Rin: H-Hang on... Am I the only one who feels this way?
MEIKO: No, I'm sorry. I didn't mean that in a condescending way.
Luka: Yes, we both felt that we all seem to think the same way.
Rin: The same way...?
Luka: Remember that story from the other day about what happened to the girls after they reformed Leo/need...?
Rin: Yeah, it's like they were scattered to the wind. They didn't even talk to each other much at school.
Rin: Seeing how they are now, I can't imagine that at all...
Luka: Hehe. Me neither.
Luka: Even after that, on more than one occasion, they've sort of butted heads after trying to reach out to one another.
MEIKO: Their becoming so distant from each other was also because they believed that's what was best for them, right?
Luka: Yes.
Rin: But their thoughts and feelings are what pushed them to reform their band, right?
Rin: Also, what did you mean by more than one occasion?
MEIKO: Oh, Rin, have we not told you about what happened at the choir recital?
Rin: Choir recital?
MEIKO: Yes. That happened just around the time I arrived here.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

MEIKO: I see, so you were fretting about something that happened in class.
Honami: Yes.
(White cut)
Honami: Ichika was really trying to think things through with me. Saki saw that I was feeling down and wanted to cheer me up.
Honami: Shiho said some harsh things too, but...
(White cut)
MEIKO: There are many different ways of expressing kindness.
MEIKO: You can empathize with someone who's troubled about something, make them smile or be somewhat direct.
MEIKO: As long as it was done with that person's best interests at heart, no matter what form it takes, it's a form of kindness.
MEIKO: It's also important to consider how the other person will take it too, of course.
Honami: Different ways of expressing kindness...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Rin: That really happened...?
MEIKO: Honami became so worried that time.
MEIKO: Not only that, Shiho was beating herself up about saying some really harsh things to Honami again.
Rin: ...
MEIKO: Those two express kindness in such different ways. You could even say they're polar opposites in that regard...
Luka: Yes... Honami likes to wrap you in her kindness, while Shiho's kindness involved being blunt and telling you the cold, hard truth at times...
MEIKO: Right. I can't say if that was the main reason, but they did also manage to clear their ticket quota.
Rin: Wait, didn't that happen when Len and I were having a huge fight...?
MEIKO: Yes, that's right.
Luka: The girls care about each other very much, but they experienced a period when they weren't all together...
Luka: As a result, despite their intentions, having strong feelings for one another can lead to disagreements...
MEIKO: To be fair, the road to true friendship is paved with fights and arguments.
Rin: Len told me not to push myself too hard for the same reason...
Luka: Yes, that's right. Fights and arguments are natural outcomes of wanting the best for one another.
Rin: I see...
Rin: Hmm... Kindness is such a deep subject...
MEIKO & Luka: Hehe. Haha.
(Black cut)
