532_Kagamine Rin (VBS)_R2 Let's Enjoy The School Festival♪ (event_75)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Street SEKAI]

Rin: What?! Secret training?!
Len: Yeah! I made a promise with KAITO, so I gotta go.
Rin: No fair! Why didn't you tell me about this?
Len: It'd stop being a secret if I did...
Len: Anyway, he's gonna teach me how to mix today one on one! Later!
Rin: Hey, wait! Len!
Rin: Grr...
Rin: *Sigh* Now what am I supposed to do? I guess I can just wait at MEIKO's place...
Rin: But it sounded like he was gonna be gone for a while... If I spend all that time having juice and stuff, I'll look like a stuffed pig by the time he gets back...
Rin: Hmm... Isn't there someone I can hang out or practice with...?
Rin: Oh, I know...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Rin: <Alright, I'm here!>
Rin: <An and the others are probably practicing right now, so they should be okay with me joining them!>
Rin: <Hang on... I've never heard this song before. Also, why is everything shaking?>
An's Voice (An): Things are gonna jump out at you... But they're not real... They're just people... It's okay... They're just people...
Rin: <That voice... An? But she doesn't sound like her usual self...>
Akito's Voice (Akito): Geez, how long are you gonna keep doing that? You know none of that's gonna work, right?
An's Voice (An): That's not true! As long as I keep reminding myself that they're not real, I won't be scared of them! That also goes for ghosts!
Akito's Voice (Akito): Oh...? They say that real ones are attracted to people who think that way.
An's Voice (An): *Gulp* R-Real ones...?
Rin: <They're talking about ghosts...? This is getting interesting. I think I'll keep listening!>
(Background change)
Toya: Akito, don't be so mean...
Toya: And I wouldn't put too much stock into what he says, Shiraishi. As some say, “fear makes the wolf bigger than he is.”
Rin: (Really...?)
An: Th-That's about how things aren't as scary as they seem, right...?
Toya: Yes, exactly.
Toya: I've read mystery horror novels about strange phenomena that occur in haunted houses...
Toya: And those sorts of things tend to happen in locations that have historical significance or where tragic events have occurred.
Toya: Miya Girls is a school with a long history, but I'm not aware of any ghost stories or infamous incidents that involve it.
Toya: So, I have a feeling that there's a low chance of you encountering anything unwholesome at this haunted house.
An: But not zero...
Rin: (I just thought the same thing...)
Toya: Unfortunately, I'm not an expert on the supernatural, so I can't eliminate that possibility.
An: I don't care if you lie to me! Just please tell me that there's no chance!
Akito: Geez, relax, will you...? I mean, you don't have to go if you don't want to.
An: What?! No, I have to go! I promised Kohane that I would!
An: So... E-Even though Kohane's class is doing a haunted house, I have to put my life on the line to go see it and her!
Akito: She says with such confidence...
(Background change)
Rin: <The School Festival? A haunted house...?!>
Rin: <Oh, that's right! They're gonna go see what the School Festival is like at Kohane's school!>
Rin: <Woohoo! I hit the bullseye with this one!>
(Background change)
Toya: Hm...? Did anyone else hear that voice just now?
Akito: Yeah, I heard it too.
An: Huh?! H-Hang on... What are you two talking about?
Toya: No, we really heard a girl's voice just now...
An: Haha. Quit pulling my leg.
An: Anyway, we don't wanna be late to see Kohane, do we? Actually, what time is it...?
Rin: <Hey, you guys!>
An: Wah...!!!
Rin: <Oh, sorry. It's just me!>
An: R-Rin?! Geez, you had me going there for a second...!
Akito: Hey, what's up?
Rin: <I was bored, so I was hoping that we could practice together!>
Rin: <Then, I heard you guys talking about Kohane and the School Festival. That's where you're going, right...?>
Rin: <Can I come along?!>
Toya: Yes, you did show quite a bit of interest when we told you about Kamiyama High's School Festival...
Rin: <Exactly! So, can I go? I promise to not be seen by anyone!>
Akito: You're gonna come even if we say no, right?
Rin: <Yup!>
Akito: Hey.
Rin: <I beg you guys! Take me with you!>
Toya: These opportunities don't come up that often. So, why not?
An: Yeah. If Kohane were here, she definitely would've been the first one to say yes.
An: So, Rin, let's go!
Rin: <Yay! Thanks, you guys!>
Akito: But you can't be seen by anyone.
Rin: <I won't!>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Luka: Wow! That all really happened during the School Festival at Kohane's school?
KAITO: Haha! And she ended up chasing An all around the school because she couldn't get that wolf's head off!
Rin: Hey, don't laugh!
MEIKO: Hehe. I heard from Kohane and the others earlier, but it really must've been quite an ordeal.
Len: So... She ran into a class that was running a cafe, which scared all the customers...
Len: And after that, she ended up being a part of a play by accident?
Rin: Yeah! I was doing my best to help guide Kohane, but we were having so much trouble catching up to An...
Miku (VBS): Isn't she so athletic that the other sports clubs are always asking her for help?
Miku (VBS): I mean, if a girl like that decided to run at full speed, catching her's never going to be easy.
Luka: But Kohane's friends and classmates all helped you find her, right?
Rin: Yeah! This other girl from Kohane's class borrowed some tools to get the wolf's head off.
Rin: Then, An finally realized that it was all just a big mistake! After that, we got to actually enjoy the festival!
KAITO: I see, so all's well that ends well.
Len: No fair. I wish I could've gone...
Rin: Sorry, but it serves you right for leaving me behind to go train.
MEIKO: Alright, let's settle down. It's all in the past now.
MEIKO: I know. Why don't I make some of the food and drinks that appeared in Rin's story? What would you all like?
Len: You mean it?! Then, yakisoba!
KAITO: I'd like to try those pot sticker cookies!
Luka: Oh, the sushi sweets also caught my interest.
MEIKO: Okay... Pot sticker cookies and sushi chocolates, right? Wish me luck. Those may prove challenging...
MEIKO: How about you, Miku?
Miku (VBS): Hmm... If anything, I'm more interested in how they're put together.
Rin & MEIKO: Huh...?
Miku (VBS): I mean, coming up with your own shop or attraction has to be a lot of fun, no?
Miku (VBS): So, I'm curious as to how that process works.
Rin: Thank goodness. That's what you meant...
Miku (VBS): Hm? Why do you all look so surprised? Did I say something strange just now?
Rin: Haha... Don't mind us...
Luka: Then, Miku, what would you like to have done the most during a School Festival?
KAITO: Oh, I'd like to know as well!
Miku (VBS): Hmm... I haven't really put much thought into it, but putting a maze together sounds fun...
Rin: A maze?
Miku (VBS): Think about it. Don't most of us enjoy wandering around the back alleys of this SEKAI?
Miku (VBS): So, I thought it'd be fun to have others experience that.
Luka: I see. That does sound like fun!
KAITO: As for me, I'd like to run an ice cream stall!
Len: Good for you...?
KAITO: Aww, you could show a little more interest! Anyway, Luka, how about you?
Luka: Me? Well... I'd probably like to do a takoyaki stall.
Luka: And it won't have octopus in them, but a whole bunch of stuff! So what you get inside will be all up to chance♪
Rin: Wow, that sounds fun...! But I'd have to work up the courage to eat them...
Len: No octopus? Can you even call them “takoyaki” at that point...?
Miku (VBS): How about you, MEIKO? My guess is a cafe.
MEIKO: Yes, that's what I'm used to, and it'd probably go pretty well...
MEIKO: But it could be fun to try something completely new for a change.
Miku (VBS): True.
KAITO: How about you, Rin, Len? What would you two do?
Rin: Huh? Us?
Rin: Hmm... It's gotta be that, right?
Len: Yeah, given the choice, it's really gotta be that.
Luka: Oh, what would “that” be?
Rin: That would be...
Rin & Len: A cotton candy stall!!!
Len: I knew you'd say the same thing, Rin!
Rin: Of course! I mean, there's no way spinning your own cotton candy isn't gonna be fun!
KAITO: Haha. Oh, cotton candy. That suits you both so well!
Rin: Hm...? Does that mean you think we're being childish?
KAITO: No, not at all! I was just...
KAITO: Oh, I'm suddenly feeling parched. MEIKO, I'd like some orange juice...
Len: He's gonna make a run for it! Rin, you go around that way!
Rin: Okay! You're not getting away from us, KAITO!
MEIKO: Oh, great teamwork, you two.
Miku (VBS): Yes, even after all this talk about the School Festival nearly causing them to fight.
Luka: Haha. Isn't that wonderful, KAITO? You helped them make up.
KAITO: P-Please, everyone! Stop laughing and lend me a hand!
(Black cut)
