561_Kagamine Rin_RB Happy Anniversary! 2023

Gacha phrase: I'd like to keep spending time with you all.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Main Gate]

Shizuku: Minori, Haruka, we're here!
Airi: Sorry for keeping you waiting. Homeroom dragged on for—huh?
Rin: <Hey, no worries♪ We kept ourselves occupied by watching a video!>
Shizuku: Oh! Rin, you're already here.
Rin: <Yeah! You guys are buying some stuff for Len and me, right?!>
Airi: Thanks for coming on such short notice. We're getting some cake and other things to mark the occasion, and we figured we should find out what you want to have.
Rin: <Cake! I wonder what kinds they have? Now you've really got my attention!>
Airi: By the way, you said you were in the middle of watching something. What was it?
Haruka: Since the teaser for Rin and Len's anniversary show dropped recently, we decided to check it out.
Airi: Oh, that! It has some behind-the-scenes snippets weaved in there, too!
Shizuku: I have to admit, I haven't seen it yet, but I was meaning to.
Minori: Huh? You're missing out! The show's tomorrow, you have to watch it today!
Rin: <Uh-huh♪ Since it's quite short, how about we watch it now?>
Airi: And take up your valuable time? Well, if you're sure. I wanna watch it too!
Airi: Let's see. Where's my phone...?
(Background change)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Rin & Len: Hello everyone!
Rin: It's Kagamine Rin...
Len: And Kagamine Len!
Rin: Do you guys know what makes December 27th so special?
Len: It's our anniversary! And what's a better way to celebrate than with an anniversary show?!
Rin: Ding, ding, ding! And we'll be the ones performing♪
Len: Ahaha! We'll be giving you a sneak peek behind the scenes as we prep for the big day!
Rin & Len: Without further ado, let's begin♪
(Background change)
Shizuku: Hehe. Just look at their beaming faces!
Airi: Yeah, it's like they're beside themselves waiting for their anniversary to come.
Rin: <Hehehe. As it turns out, Len and I were getting things ready for our show in SEKAI just before I arrived here!>
Rin: <So seeing these versions of us doing the same thing has me all excited!>
Haruka: From what Rin was telling Minori and me earlier, it sounds like everything's coming together quite nicely.
Airi: We've also got our own roles to fulfill in all this, so let's give it everything we've got!
Shizuku: After all, we're doing this for Rin and Len, who have always been there for us.
Airi: Nicely said.
Airi: Like that time I had snapped at Shizuku and was feeling sad. It was Rin who came to cheer me up.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Airi: Then there was another time when the stress of whether to sign up to an agency got to me...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rin: Is there some kind of rule that says idols have to be part of one of these agencies you mentioned?
(White cut)
Rin: Take this SEKAI, for example. All of these different stages were created through everyone's feelings, right?
Rin: You have as many wonderful feelings here, so I feel like you'd be capable of anything if you put your minds to it.
Rin: The four of you are sure to become an idol group that can give hope to anyone, anywhere!
Rin: That's what I believe!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: Rin gave me the boost I desperately needed.
Minori: And when we were going to have our first ever joint show, she was there for me.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: The others are so great at being idols and I wanted to be just like them...
Minori: I knew that it wouldn't be easy either...!
Minori: But it feels like nothing I do is working. It feels like I'm never gonna be able to become a real idol like them...
Rin: I understand how you feel!!
Rin: Miku and Luka are so amazing at singing and dancing, and they never make any mistakes!
Rin: So I always feel like I'm the one that's holding them back sometimes...
Rin: I keep hoping that I'll be like them someday...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: When she told me that she was also going through the same thing, it gave me such a sense of relief.
Haruka: Minori...
Minori: And it's not just that. It gave me so much courage too! Now's the time to pay her back by putting every ounce of our energy into this show!
Rin: <Hehehe... Gosh, guys... I feel like you're speaking so highly of me.>
Airi: That's because we are, silly. We're not exaggerating when we say you've done so much for us.
Haruka: Hehe, I feel like Rin's the kind of person who lights up every room she walks in.
Haruka: When we go to SEKAI, her excited voice is enough to draw us to where she is.
Shizuku: Yes! The trail always leads to Rin and the others!
Minori: Yeah! The difference Rin makes to the atmosphere is like night and day!
Rin: <I-I dunno... That sounds a bit too good to be true...>
Rin: <But I'm happy you feel that way about me♪>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: So, how do you guys think our show is shaping up?
Rin: Watching Miku and Luka lose their minds trying to find the end of a suuuper long cable was so adorable!
Len: They almost never lose their cool, so their confused faces were a rare sight!
Rin: And that wraps up today's video! Hope you enjoyed it!♪
Len: Rin and I each have our own part for the show, and we can't wait to deliver our jam-packed program!
Rin & Len: We hope to see you then!
(Background change)
Airi: Ah! What an exciting teaser! It really gave us a taste of each of the different segments we can look forward to!
Shizuku: Yes, now we really can't miss out on this Rin and Len's show!
Airi: We sure can't! But in the meantime, that shopping won't do itself!
Haruka: Ah, we should probably go preorder the cake first.
Minori: Then, we should buy a ton of snacks and juice!
Rin: <Eep! I'm so excited for the party tomorrow♪>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

???: Hello to everyone in the audience! And hello to everyone joining us on the stream!
???: The fun's about to begin! Are you ready?
Comments: <I sure am!> <I was ready three hours ago!> <I've been looking forward to this, Rin!>
???: Ah, it looks like our livestream viewers are raring to go♪ That means it's time!
Rin: Put your hands together for the Kagamine Rin and Kagamine Len Special Anniversary Show! Time to get started with my part!
(Black cut)
Rin: Hehehe, hello everyone!
Rin: Can't forget you guys on this side too!
Rin: And finally, our livestream viewers! Yoo-hoo! Are you ready?
Comments: <So ready!> <What's she gonna sing?> <So excited! Not sure I can last the whole show!>
Len: Hahaha. Rin, the show's only just started! Isn't this a bit over the top?
Rin: Nope, this is the hype we need! Don't forget, all these people came here to celebrate our anniversary!
Rin: I'm going to make the most of this opportunity to talk directly to all our fans, near and far, while we put on an incredible show for them!
MEIKO: Ah, I was wondering why your rehearsals included sessions to practice waving and talking to the audience.
Rin: Yeah! We've gotta go all out today and really give our fans what they came for♪
Rin: Hehe, who knows? Maybe their hearts will all melt for me by curtain call!
Luka: Just look. The venue is flooded with fans who came especially to see you and Len.
Miku: By the looks of things, everyone's hearts have already melted.
Rin: Huh? In that case, we'll need to set the bar even higher...
Rin: How about...a total Rin meltdown!
KAITO: Sounds like you have a lot in store! Anyway, shall we get started soon?
Rin: Yeah! Alright you guys, time to raise the roof!
Rin: Now for our opening number! Start the music♪
(Black cut)
Miku & Rin: ♪————! ♪————!
(Black cut)
Len, Rin & KAITO: ♪——~! ♪——!
(Black cut)
Luka, Rin & MEIKO: ♪————! ♪————!
(Black cut)
Rin: Thank you all so much for listening!
Luka: I can't believe we've reached the last song already.
KAITO: Yup, even as the ones performing, we've been having so much fun.
Miku: Before we perform our final song, let's read out our anniversary wishes to Rin!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000147/bg_s000147.png)
Miku: Happy anniversary, Rin! The amount of passion and excitement you give me never ceases to surprise me.
Miku: Thanks to you, I'm brimming with energy—enough to give some back. Getting to sing with you is all I could ever ask for. Looking forward to all our future gigs!
Luka: Rin, happy anniversary. You never fail to put a smile on my face.
Luka: You have a mischievous streak, but that's what makes you so lovable. Please don't lose it.
Len: Rin! Happy anniversary! I guess there's not much to say since we're always together.
Len: But let's not forget we've got Miku and the others, and all our supportive fans to thank for everything we've got!
Len: Let's remember that support as we venture through one more year!
MEIKO: Your contagious laugh always puts me in a good mood.
MEIKO: So please don't stop smiling... Just remember, the party snacks are for everyone!
KAITO: Rin, happy anniversary! Your ability to light up any room leaves me in admiration.
KAITO: We promise to make sure that smile of yours stays bright, so please tell us if there's anything we can do for you.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Miku: All together now...
Everyone: Happy anniversary Rin!
Rin: Whoa! This is gorgeous!
Rin: Thank you guys! And to all of you who came to see us today, too. From the bottom of my heart, thank you so, so much!
Rin: It seems I have a knack for raising people's spirits when they're feeling low.
Rin: I didn't even realize I was doing it. Hehe, now I'm lost for words...
Rin: As Len said, it's thanks to the support of all of you here today that we're able to continue doing what we do best.
Rin: Here's to all of us for many years to come!
Rin: It's time for the last song of my part!
Rin: I hope you'll all join in and sing with me♪
(White cut)
