567_Kagamine Rin (WxS)_R4 Playing Tag With Lion Dance Robot (event_81)

Gacha phrase: Ready... GO☆

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rin: This year's almost over. It went by like a flash, huh?
KAITO: Yes, it did. We were able to put on quite a few shows, and got to see Tsukasa and the others grow as a troupe. A wonderful year all in all.
Miku (WxS): Yeah☆ And we got to see a bunch of really amazing shows from them too♪
Emu: Miku! Everyone! Wonderhoy!!!
KAITO: Ah, speaking of which...
Rin: Emu! You guys! Welcome♪
Rin: What brings you all here today? Are you practicing for a show?
Nene: No, we came to say hi since the year's about to end.
Tsukasa: Our plan is to do this again when everybody's gathered, but since you're here...
Tsukasa: KAITO, Miku, Rin... We appreciate everything you've done for us this past year.
Tsukasa: Thank you all very much!
Emu, Nene & Rui: Thank you all very much!
KAITO: Thank you as well. We too enjoyed everything that happened this past year.
Rin: Yeah! Let's keep doing lots and lots more fun shows next year!
Miku (WxS): Oh, speaking of which! Are you guys gonna do a New Year's show?
Tsukasa: Yes, of course! We already have a plan for that and just began practicing for it.
Miku (WxS): Really?! That's so cool! What's it about?
Rin: Oh, I wanna know too♪
Rui: Before we tell you, we need to introduce you to someone.
KAITO: Who?
Emu: Hehe. C'mon on over! Don't be shy!
Lion Dance Robot: CHOMP! CHOMP CHOMP CHOMP!!!
Rin: Hey, it's Lion Dance Robot! Long time no see! How have you been?
Lion Dance Robot: CHOMP CHOMP!
Rui: Hehe. He's very happy today because it's been so long since he last saw all of you.
Tsukasa: Yes, while I've already had my head chomped on twice.
Miku (WxS): What?! Twice?! Oh, hang on... You sound happy about that, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Well, that's because it's a sign of good luck.
KAITO: True. It's supposed to absorb all of your bad luck when it bites your head, yes?
Rui: Yes, that's right. It's also good luck in the sense that the Japanese words “bite” and “god” work as a pun.
Tsukasa: The same goes for a “sign of good luck” and “great acting”!
Emu: Oh, you're right! Then, Lion Dance Robot chomping on you means you'll become a better actor!
Nene: Now you're just stretching your luck.
Tsukasa: Isn't that the point of these sorts of things? Right, Lion Dance Robot?!
Lion Dance Robot: CHOMP! CHOMP!
Rin: Haha. He seems really happy!
Rui: Hehe. Yes, he certainly does.
Rui: He'll be starring in the New Year's show that we just mentioned, so we'd like you to wish him luck.
Rin: He will?! So that's why you brought him here today!
Lion Dance Robot: CHOMP CHOMP! CHOMP! CHOMP!
Miku (WxS): Huh? Do you want to play with us?
Lion Dance Robot: CHOMP! CHOMP!
Rin: Yeah, let's play!
Rin: Rui, mind if we play with him?
Rui: Not at all, please do. But I would like to introduce him to Len at some point.
Tsukasa: MEIKO and Luka too. We still need to thank them for what they did for us this past year.
KAITO: They should be at the stage right now, so why don't we head over?
Miku (WxS): Okay☆
Rin: I bet Len's gonna love it when he sees you, Lion Dance Robot! After that, let's all play!
Lion Dance Robot: CHOMP! CHOMP!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Tsukasa and the others put on such a fun series of New Year's shows☆
Rin: Yeah♪ On top of a mountain, at the mall...! We had to stay hidden while we watched, but they were all really exciting.
MEIKO: Yes, they were! Each time I heard them sing, I had to do everything I could to stay quiet and not sing along.
KAITO: I know what you mean. As much as it would've been nice to see how their audiences reacted, I think we got a good understanding of how everything went.
Luka: Hehe. I feel the same way. It sounded like everybody had a lot of fun.
Len: Huh? Hang on a second. Luka, you were dozing off the whole time...
MEIKO: She was, but she probably heard them since she seemed to have no trouble nodding in time with the music.
Luka: No, I heard them just fine. Remember how they shouted, “Ahh-ahah-ahah,” in the end as they swung through the jungle?
Rin & Len: That never happened!
MEIKO: Haha... I knew it. You definitely dreamed some of that.
KAITO: Hearing the audience laugh and have fun must've been a nice lullaby to fall asleep to.
Everyone: Haha! Hehe.
Len: Lion Dance Robot seemed to have a lot of fun too!
KAITO: I agree. From what I understand, all of those shows were also meant for him since he doesn't get to make many appearances outside of New Year's...
MEIKO: Yes, that's right♪ It was so nice of them to do that for him!
Rin: Hehe. Well, that's just who they are.
Len: Do you think Lion Dance Robot had his fill of fun?
KAITO: Hehe. I'm sure he did since all their shows went so well.
Len: Right. I hope they do more shows with Lion Dance Robot next New Year's.
Rin: Oh...
Rin: Next time...
Luka: Hm? Rin, is something wrong...?
Rin: So... That means we won't get to see Lion Dance Robot again for a while...
KAITO: Right... Sadly, he's specifically a “Lion Dance” Robot.
Rin: We all have different traits and personalities, but can play a bunch of different roles, though?
Rin: Isn't there a way to have Lion Dance Robot do stuff other than what he was originally intended for?
MEIKO: Hmm... I see... I think I understand how you feel.
KAITO: However, Tsukasa and the others are members of Phoenix Wonderland's cast, so producing a show for Lion Dance Robot each time won't be easy...
KAITO: But we may be able to come up with some show ideas for him.
Rin: ...!
Rin: Yeah! We can think of some clever ways to make it so Lion Dance Robot can be in lots more shows!
Len: Oh, couldn't Lion Dance Robot play something strong and powerful, like a dragon?
Miku (WxS): Yeah, totally☆ He's really good at wiggling and stuff!
Luka: Hehe. If we give him a swim ring and a lei, he would be perfectly ready for the summer.
KAITO: A swim ring? A lei is one thing, but it'll depend on the type of show you're doing...
MEIKO: Wiggling is his forte, so he might make a good hula dancer, no?
KAITO: Haha. Seeing Lion Dance Robot do different dances based on the season could be fun.
Rin: Yeah! I wanna go tell Rui about this. Can I?
KAITO: Then, I'll go with you. We can ask him about this together.
Rin: Really? Thanks, KAITO!
Len: Oh, I wanna go too! It'd be great to do more shows with Lion Dance Robot!
Miku (WxS): Me three☆
MEIKO: Alright, I think I'll join you all. Especially since it means we'll get to do a show with him if we receive the okay.
Luka: Hehe. Then, I'd also like to go.
Luka: I agree that it would be nice to do more shows with Lion Dance Robot.
Rin: Yeah! Thanks, Luka!
Rin: So, let's go talk to them!
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)
