657_Kagamine Rin (Ln)_R3 Mission Accomplished! High Five! (event_96)

Gacha phrase: It's thanks to you, Hona!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Rin: Humhumhuum♪
Rin: I hope Ichi and the girls get here soon. They said that they're gonna practice the same song they did yesterday, so I...
Rin: Oh...
Rin: Hi, Hona! Welcome♪
Honami: Hello, Rin. I'm looking forward to another good practice.
Rin: Same here. Oh, wanna head over to the classroom now?
Honami: Hehe, sure. I actually have some news for you, so I'll tell you about it on the way over.
Rin: Okay! Then, let's go♪
Rin: So, what did you wanna tell me?
Honami: Remember the person I mentioned before? Ms. Yoisaki?
Rin: Oh, the person you cook and clean for? You're worried about her because she's been pushing herself kinda hard, right...?
Honami: Yes, but she's agreed to go to the bridal fair with me.
Rin: Wait, really?! Way to go, Hona!
Honami: Hehe. I have you to thank, Rin.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rin: <Don't you have to actually ask her to know if she's interested?>
(White cut)
Rin: <Oh, and... If she seems unsure, you can always try giving her an extra nudge!>
(White cut)
Rin: <Well, it would be a problem if they're really against going or something... But sometimes it's better to spur someone on if they're undecided!>
Rin: <When KAITO or anyone else has something on their mind, I sometimes ask them to hang out and get a change of pace. They usually say they can't make an immediate decision...>
Rin: <But if I'm really persistent, they tend to be glad that they agreed to hang out in the end♪>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: When I actually invited Ms. Yoisaki, I was able to do so by being a little more persistent than usual.
Rin: Really?! Hehe. That means I get an assist!
Rin: (I'm really glad for Hona! She seems so happy right now!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rin: Alright, we're here♪ Oh...!
KAITO: Oh, Rin, Honami...
Honami: Hello, KAITO.
Rin: KAITO, you're here early! Are you already getting stuff set up?
KAITO: I finished my practice and didn't have anything else to do...
KAITO: Actually, Rin...
Rin: Hm? What's up?
KAITO: So...
KAITO: Thank you for inviting me on that walk the other day...
Rin: Oh, when I asked if you wanted to go on one for a change?
Honami: I was told a little about that as well. You seemed to have something on your mind that time, KAITO...
KAITO: I thought I was happy with how I'd been playing this one part, but it suddenly hit me that it didn't sound quite right...
KAITO: I tried thinking about it on my own since it would've been hard to describe how I felt about it personally.
KAITO: That was when Rin invited me to go on a walk around the schoolyard.
Rin: Haha... In retrospect, I sorta forced you to...
KAITO: But I felt a little better as a result...
KAITO: I was even able to figure out a new way to play that part, and it sounds the way I want it to now.
Honami: You were...?
Rin: Aww, you're making me blush. I mean, all I did was invite you to go on a quick walk.
KAITO: Breathing the air outside... Laughing may've also played a role...
Rin: Haha! Are you talking about when I sneezed?
Honami: When you sneezed?
Rin: When we were walking around, this leaf came off this tree and fell towards my face. My nose started feeling itchy and I gave a big sneeze.
Rin: Then, the same leaf flew into the air, spun its way around me, landed on my face and made me sneeze again.
KAITO: That was very funny. I couldn't believe how elegantly it twirled its way around you.
Rin: Wait, KAITO, you're giggling! You're replaying what happened in your head, aren't you?!
KAITO: Sorry, but it was very funny...
Honami: I had no idea. I wish I'd been there to see that happen.
Rin: *Sigh* Hona...
Rin & Honami: Haha! Hehe.
Rin: But I guess you were able to figure out how to play that part thanks to me! You should show your appreciation for me more, KAITO!
KAITO: What...? But I thanked you a second ago...
Rin: No, I wanna hear you say it more...
KAITO: I'd rather not...
Rin: Really...?
Honami: Hehehe.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Nice work today, everyone!
Ichika: Yes, that was good.
Rin: We're done!
Rin: Which means... It's time for that♪
Saki: Yes, finally♪
Shiho: I thought you guys were kidding... We're really gonna have a mock wedding?
Rin: Of course! You all heard about what happened at the bridal fair, right?!
Rin: I got to see where it took place, but I didn't really get to see the wedding bit.
Rin: Then, Hona asked if I wanted to do one! She even made me a veil!
Ichika: Wait, a veil?
Honami: Hehe. It's this.
Saki: Wow, it's so pretty and silky and sparkly...!
Luka: Yes, it is. These sorts of delicate fabrics are supposed to be very hard to work with, but you've done a wonderful job.
Honami: Thank you very much. It's mostly just some lace attached to the base fabric, really. The ones you normally see are a little too intricate for me to handle.
Rin: Really?! But it looks gorgeous! I really like it!
Honami: Thank you, Rin. I'm glad you think so.
Ichika: So, how are we actually doing this mock wedding? Honami, I heard you and the others got to be in a show...
Honami: A whole show might be a bit much for us, so I think giving the vows will be enough.
Honami: But it should be fun to imagine being a real bride entering from the other end of the hall.
MEIKO: Which means we only need a bride and a minister...
Rin: Hona, you should walk with me. Also, I want you to show me what to do!
Honami: Hehe. Of course.
Ichika: Then, what about the minister...?
Miku (Ln): Why not KAITO? He seems really suited for that role.
KAITO: Huh? Me...?
Len: Haha. Yeah, you do seem the type.
Luka: Then, the rest of us will be the wedding guests.
Rin: Okay! Everyone, let's get to it!
(Black cut)
Saki: Alright, I'm playing it now.
Luka: Oh, this song. It really feels like a wedding now.
Shiho: She downloaded it a second ago because atmosphere is apparently everything for these things.
Ichika: Oh, here they come.
Saki: Ooh, Rin's wearing Hona's veil! It's so cute on her! Hey, look this way!
Shiho: Saki, I thought you were taking the video. The camera's gonna pick up your voice if you don't keep it down.
Ichika: And I'm supposed to be the photographer, so I'll need to take lots of pictures.
Honami: One step at a time just like we discussed. Start with your right foot and...
Rin: I remember! Then I move my left foot so that it lines up with my right!
Len: Oh, Rin's actually doing a pretty good job.
Miku (Ln): She and Honami are in perfect lockstep.
MEIKO: Alright, minister, you're up.
KAITO: Um, so... I just have to read what's written here, right...?
KAITO: Uhh...
KAITO: Do you take one another as wedded spouses for better, for worse, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish from this day forth...?
Rin: Of course, I...
Saki: Not so fast!!!
Rin: Huh?! Sakki?!
Saki: Hona! I'm not about to let you become someone's bride since I still need you to be my big, fluffy comfort pillow!
Saki: Ichi, Shiho! Come on, are you really gonna let someone take Hona away like this?!
Ichika: Me? Um... I'd like to have more of the snacks and sweets you make, so would you be willing to reconsider?
Shiho: *Sigh* I'm not doing this no matter how—
Shiho? (MEIKO): “I still need you since you're my partner in the rhythm squad.”
Shiho: W-Wait, MEIKO?
Rin: Haha! Hona, you're so popular!
Len: Wait, aren't you supposed to say, “I'm not letting you have her!” or something?
KAITO: What do I do...?
Luka: Hehe. In that case, why don't you all swear to be friends forever?
KAITO: D-Do you swear...?
Rin & Saki: I do♪
Honami: Oh, um... I do.
Shiho: Weddings don't normally go like this, do they...?
Ichika: No, I doubt they do... But it's all in good fun since Rin seems to be enjoying herself.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. I agree.
(Black cut)
