745_Kagamine Rin_R2 Original Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kagamine Rin)

[Program Studio]

Host: Welcome back to another episode of “Get on Those Hot Topics!”
Host: We have another guest visiting us today! Here she is!
Rin: <All the people I've never met, and the ones I haven't seen in too long, hi there! I'm Kagamine Rin♪>
Host: Thank you for that energetic self-introduction!
Host: You'll be participating in the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show that's going to be held in Shibuya, yes?
Rin: <That's right! We're all working hard to get ready and make it a fun show♪>
Host: Thank you very much for taking the time out of your busy schedule to come see us.
Host: Now, I'd like to tell our viewers a little bit about Rin.
Host: Kagamine Rin is a VIRTUAL SINGER who sings the songs of different creators, much like Hatsune Miku.
Host: Her sparkling golden hair and big cute ribbon are quite iconic, wouldn't you say?
Host: The ribbon looks so great on you! Did you style it yourself?
Rin: <I did! Oh, but since I was gonna be on TV today, I had to ask Luka to check and make sure it wasn't crooked.>
Host: Ah, Megurine Luka! Hehe, I can see that wholesome scene now.
Host: But! Just what sort of impression do people have of the adorable Rin here with us today?
Host: Surely you're curious as well, Rin?
Rin: <Extremely!>
Rin: <I was so curious, I searched through the script I got for today to see if it wasn't written there.>
Host: Hehe. Well in that case, I'll read out some messages we've received on that very topic.
Host: This first one is from a junior high school student in Tokyo.
Host: She says, “I love Rin's cheerful, adorable voice. She has lots of funny songs too, and I always have a good time listening to them.”
Host: We also received this impassioned message from a woman currently attending university.
Host: “Rin is cute usually, but when I see her singing more grown-up, passionate songs, my heart can't help but start racing!”
Rin: <Oh, good! I didn't know what I was gonna do if people were talking about how weird I am or something.>
Host: Hehe. Every message was full of Rin love, I assure you.
Host: Wow, we even have a message from a boy who's moved away from Japan and is now living abroad.
Host: It reads, “Dear Rin, When I got into a fight with my close friend, we were able to make up because you sang for us. Thank you.”
Rin: <I'm glad things turned out okay!>
Rin: <Hehe. I also get into fights with Len sometimes, but I always make sure to set things right. I hope I can keep being a source of support.>
Host: How reassuring! By the way, Rin, how do you set things right?
Rin: <When we've had a regular fight, I think we usually both apologize the next time we see each other...>
Rin: <When it's a bigger fight, I talk to Miku and the others about it...>
Rin: <If I was in the wrong, they always tell me exactly what I did wrong, which really helps.>
Host: It's wonderful that you have friends who'll talk things out with you so earnestly.
Rin: <Hehe, I think so too!>
(Black cut)
Host: Well, that's about all the time we have.
Host: Thank you for speaking with us today, Rin.
Rin: <No, thank you! This was fun!>
Host: Lastly, can we get a word for all of our viewers?
Rin: <Yeah!>
Rin: <Thanks for watching my interview today! It made me so happy to get all those messages♪>
Rin: <I hope I can give you just as much happiness in return during the show!>
Rin: <So, please come see us if you can!>
Host: Rin, thank you very much for today!
Host: We'll be continuing with the next in our series of VIRTUAL SINGER interviews tomorrow! And with that...
Rin & Host: <Goodbye!> Goodbye!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Miku, Rin & Luka: ♪————! ♪————!
Len, MEIKO & KAITO: ♪————! ♪————!
Rin: Come on everybody, let's raise the roof♪
(Black cut)
Rin: See you three later!
Rin: Hey guys! Is everybody enjoying the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show?
Len: Everyone here at the venue is having fun! How about all of you at the remote screenings and everybody watching the stream?
Comments: <Having a great time!> <So fun!> <I'm watching it stood up in front of my monitor!>
KAITO: Hehe, seems everyone's enjoying it to the fullest.
Rin & Len: Yeah!
Rin: We've gotta keep this energy coming!
Len: That's why you came up with a really interesting discussion topic for today, right?
Rin: H-Hey now! Don't set the bar so high.
Rin: I did think of something, but like, whether it's interesting or not is a different question...
KAITO: You thought your hardest to come up with it, so I'm sure it'll be fine.
Len: Yeah, totally! C'mon, be confident!
Rin: Sheesh, you're the one who set the bar that high, and now you're just saying whatever you want.
Len: My bad, sorry! So, what are we gonna talk about?
Rin: Alright, I'll go ahead and announce the topic.
Rin: The topic I've prepared for us to discuss today is...gaps!
Rin: So after this, the three of us are going to sing songs that'll really make you feel a gap in expectations!
Rin: To go along with that, I thought it'd be cool if we could talk about the songs we all sing that make us feel some sort of gap in expectations!
Len: Hey, that sounds interesting!
Rin: Right? First, about KAITO!
Rin: Len, when do you feel a gap watching KAITO sing?
Len: Hmm, I guess songs where he looks mean or scary while he sings? I mean, you never see KAITO actually make that sort of face.
Rin: I know what you mean! Also, the same goes for songs with screaming, right?!
KAITO: I see...
Len: But you're always super cool when you sing those kinds of songs, so I wanna see you sing more of them!
KAITO: You do? Then, I guess I'll take that into consideration when thinking up set lists from now on.
Rin: Okay, next is about us!
Rin: KAITO, when do you feel a gap watching us sing?
KAITO: Let's see... My impression of you two is that you're always smiling and full of energy, so...
KAITO: I really feel a gap whenever you do darker songs or when you're softly singing a ballad.
Len: Really? Are we cool when we sing those sorts of songs?
KAITO: Yes, of course.
Len: You heard him, Rin! Should we sing a whole lot of those in our future shows?
Rin: That could be good! But not if it doesn't fit with the type of show we're trying to put on, you know?
Len: C'mon, I know that! I mean, what was the saying about time?
Len: Umm... A stitch in time saves nine?!
KAITO: Not quite! That's about fixing a problem before it gets worse.
Rin: Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme?
Len: That's about herbs!
KAITO: Hehe. I think you mean, “There's a time and a place for everything.”
Rin & Len: Ooh! That's the one!
Rin: How was the discussion topic I came up with, everyone? Was it fun enough?
Rin: Hehehe, I guess you all enjoyed it!
Len: Everybody watching the stream is saying it was interesting too.
KAITO: We also got comments saying, “That topic was the best!” and “I wanna hear more!”.
Rin: Really?! I'm so glad! Now I can fully focus on singing our next song!
Rin: So, now it's time to let the cat out of the bag!
Rin: I mentioned how we're going to sing songs that'll make you feel a gap, right?
Rin: Actuallyyy...
Rin: We're gonna be singing two songs back to back that are sooooo different from each other, you'll feel the temperature in here change like crazy!
Comments: <Wait, hold up!> <That's what you meant with the gap thing?!> <No no no. I'm not ready!>
Len: Since the temperature's about to go all over the place, did you all bring cold medicine today?
KAITO: Hahaha... There's no way they did.
Rin: But we just warned them, so we'll call it good♪
Rin: Okay everyone, ready to catch a cold?
KAITO, Rin & Len: Start the music!
(Black cut)
