838_Kagamine Rin_RB Happy Anniversary! 2024

Gacha phrase: It's thanks to all of you that I'm smiling.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[2 weeks before Rin and Len's anniversary]

[Crase Cafe]

Rin (VBS): Alright! Let's all think of a gift that'll render Len speechless!
An: Yeah!
MEIKO (VBS): Sorry for getting all of you involved in this.
Akito: It's not a problem at all. He's helped us out a lot, and it's for his anniversary, after all.
An: Yeah, exactly! I think there's also an anniversary event happening for Rin and Len in Shibuya, so there's no way we wouldn't celebrate here too!
Miku (VBS): Even so... We were a little surprised to hear that you two decided to have a competition over who can blow the other away with their gift.
Akito: Same here.
An: But it sounds like something you two would do, and it makes things interesting!
Rin (VBS): I know, right?
Rin (VBS): Since all of you here are on my team, I need you to think really hard of gifts that'll knock Len's socks off! Okay?
Akito: We got it. But, you got any ideas so far?
Rin (VBS): Hmm. If KAITO was here, we could've asked him a bunch of stuff... But the other team snagged him.
Miku (VBS): Yeah, but we have MEIKO. If we're going to gift food, then we'll be able to match it to Len's exact preferences, no?
MEIKO (VBS): I actually made a note of Len's current favorite foods and drinks just in case.
An: I knew we could count on you, MEIKO! Shall we brainstorm some food ideas, then?
Akito: We could... Not sure if food would render him speechless, though...
Rin (VBS): If anything, a gift that I couldn't have come up with on my own would be ideal!
Akito: Something you couldn't have come up with...
Akito: Oh. Then, how about this?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len (VBS): I'm sure Rin's thinking that all we need to do is surprise each other, so I bet she's thinking of a way to do just that.
Len (VBS): But anniversaries are a time for gifts, so I think it'd be better to put her at a loss for words by making her happy or moved!
Kohane: So that's why you suggested making a memory scrapbook.
Luka (VBS): But are there any memories that would have that effect on her? It'd probably just be the event you guys did for Kohane and the others, right?
KAITO (VBS): Now wait, hold on. Ordinary days, fun conversations or even yummy food you've shared together make for wonderful memories, you know?
Toya: Especially if the person with you is your partner.
Luka (VBS): Hmm... I didn't know you were such a romanticist.
Len (VBS): It's not like that exactly...
Len (VBS): It's just, anything we do together is always so much fun and I can't help but enjoy being with her...
Len (VBS): M-More importantly! Kohane, Toya, did you bring the stuff I asked for?
Kohane: Yeah. I've brought some masking tape, stickers and anything else we could use to decorate the scrapbook!
Toya: I've also printed out photos of nice moments from our practice videos.
KAITO (VBS): I never thought we would use practice videos for something like this. I suppose we should be grateful for your diligence.
(Black cut)
Kohane: What do you think about this photo, Len? It's completely focused on Rin singing at the back.
Len (VBS): Ooh! That's a cool photo! Let's use it!
Len (VBS): (I think this was when Kohane and the others came to practice after not visiting for a while. Rin and I got so excited that we went full out singing.)
Len (VBS): (Our throats were so wrecked after we finished that we chugged down so much juice.)
(Black cut)
Len (VBS): Wow! Your cutting is so neat, Toya!  Even if I draw an outline, mine still turns out bad... How are you able to cut circles and hearts so well?
Toya: Are you having trouble with the curves? In that case, try rotating the paper instead and that should help.
Len (VBS): Rotate the paper? Sounds hard, but I'll give it a shot.
Len (VBS): (Rin would probably prefer circles and hearts instead of squares...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rin and Len's anniversary]

Rin (VBS): The day has finally come...
Len (VBS): A competition is a competition. No hard feelings, alright?
An: You got this, Rin!
Akito: All she has to do is give him the gift, though...
KAITO (VBS): I beg to differ. Hyping it up is very important too.
Toya: I know you can do it, Len.
Len (VBS): Yeah!
Rin (VBS): I'll go first! My gift is...
Rin (VBS): A watercolor portrait of you!
Len (VBS): Whaaaaat?! Watercolor? Portrait?!
Len (VBS): Whoa! This is amazing! That's me!!!
Kohane: She really got your hair and eyes too!
Toya: It has a nice, warm touch to it that can only really be achieved with watercolor.
Rin (VBS): Heh heh heh. I know, it's amazing, right?
Len (VBS): I-It's good enough, I guess...
Len (VBS): Alright, my turn! Get ready for my gift!
Len (VBS): Ta-da! It's a scrapbook full of memories!
Rin (VBS): A scrapbook?
Len (VBS): Yup! The decorating turned out great too. Here, look!
Rin (VBS): Wh-What the?! It's so cute! There's so many photos and stickers in here!
Rin (VBS): This photo! This is when we all practiced together, right?! I remember we drank so much juice after!
Len (VBS): Yup! We drank the whole supply and Luka got all mopey!
Len (VBS): Hey, Rin. Flip this photo to the right!
Rin (VBS): Oh! Hahaha! There's a drawing of mopey Luka!
Miku (VBS): Oooh, that's a nice touch.
An: That's amazing! It's already nice as it is, but now this just makes you want to find all the other hidden goodies!
Len (VBS): Doesn't it?
Len (VBS): So, Rin. How was my gift? I'd say it's pretty good, right?
Rin (VBS): Y-Yeah, I guess. It was a little different to what I was expecting...
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. Alright, shall we decide the winner?
MEIKO (VBS): Rin, Len, on the count of three, say the name of the person you think won this competition. If you think you won, then say your own name, alright?
MEIKO (VBS): Okay, here we go.
MEIKO (VBS): Who surprised the other person with their gift the best? One, two, three!
Rin & Len: Len! Rin!
Rin & Len: What?!
Kohane: Does this mean...?
Akito: I guess it's a tie.
Rin (VBS): What?! Len! You were so smug before, why didn't you say your own name?!
Len (VBS): I should be asking you that! You were the one laughing like you knew you were going to win!
An: Alright, alright! This just means both of your gifts are equally amazing!
Toya: That's right. You're partners. That's why you two were able to successfully surprise each other.
Rin & Len: True!
Rin (VBS): Hey, Len. Let's go through the scrapbook together! I wanna hear about how you made this!
Len (VBS): Sure! I wanna hear about this portrait too!
MEIKO (VBS): Alright, why don't you two do that over on the terrace? In the meantime, we'll prepare for your anniversary party.
Rin & Len: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Rin: Hey everyone! I'm Kagamine Rin! Thank you for coming to me and Len's special anniversary event!
Rin: Wow! You're all so pumped! How about you guys watching the stream?
Comments: <Happy anniversary, Rin!> <I've been waiting for this!!!> <I'm so excited!!!>
Rin: Hehe. Looks like you guys have been looking forward to today too!
Rin: Awesome! I'll do my best to blow you all away!
Rin: Alright, here we go. Let's start my half!
Rin: Here's the first song!
Len: Heya! It's me, Kagamine Len!
Len: Don't forget, I'm one of today's stars too! I'm not gonna lose to Rin!
(Black cut)
Rin: We still have many more guests joining us on stage today!
Rin: Hey, you guys!
Miku: We want to make sure everyone has a good time, so we'll be singing our hearts out too!
MEIKO: Let's go with this song next!
(Black cut)
Rin & Luka: ♪——! ♪————!
Rin & Miku: ♪————!!　♪~~~~!!!
Rin & MEIKO: ♪——!!　♪——!!　♪——!!
(Black cut)
Rin: Hey, everyone! How're you liking the show so far?
Rin: Hehehe, I'm glad you're having a fun time!
Len: That duet relay just now was super fun!
KAITO: When you said you'd be doing a duet with four people, I thought you were going to split into pairs. But instead, you rotated and sang a duet with each of the others.
MEIKO: Good work out there, Rin! I never would've come up with a singing arrangement like that. It was super fun.
Rin: I had so much fun too! Thanks for doing it with me!
MEIKO & Co.: You're very welcome!
Len: Okay, how about we take a quick break? We've got some time until the prep for the next song is finished!
Rin: You guys can go rest!
Miku: Thanks. Alright, we'll see you later!
Rin: Okay, while we're taking a break, it's time for our chat.
Len: I'd say it's more of an interview as opposed to a chat.
Rin: Oh, you're right! When we announced that we'd be doing a special anniversary event, we asked everyone for some questions.
Len: Yeah! Thank you for sending in your questions, everyone!
Len: Since this is Rin's half, I'll be asking her the questions you sent in for her!
Len: Okay, first question! “Tell us how you feel right now, celebrating another anniversary!”
Rin: I'm super happy! So many creators have let me sing their songs and so many people have been listening to them.
Rin: On top of that, I'm able to hold this event, and everyone has been wishing me a happy anniversary!
Len: I totally get you! It's great to hear everyone cheering here, and we've been getting lots of comments too.
Len: Alright, second question! “What's your plan until your next anniversary?”
Rin: Hmm, that's a good question... I think I want to sing different kinds of songs and deliver their feelings to lots of people!
Len: Hahaha. The two of us really do love singing, huh?
Len: Okay, last question! “Have you received an anniversary present?”
Rin: Hehehe. I sure have.
Rin: I received sooooo many anniversary wishes from all the people here for this event today!
Len: I had a feeling you'd say that.
Len: But there are some people here who'd also like to give you a message.
Len: Right, you guys?
Rin: Huh? Is this...?
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000262/bg_s000262.png)
Miku: Happy anniversary, Rin! I'm so happy that I was able to help out with this event.
Miku: Let's do our best to keep the energy up for Len's half after this!
Luka: Happy anniversary. It was so cute seeing you run around the stage like a little ball of energy.
Luka: I'm certain that you've made not only me, but everyone gathered here smile. Thank you so much for such a fun time.
MEIKO: We're the ones who're supposed to be making sure you have fun, and yet it's as if you've turned the tables on us. That's just how fun this event has been.
MEIKO: But I know that it'll make you happier the more we smile, so I'll be sure to enjoy myself to the end! Happy anniversary, Rin!
KAITO: Happy anniversary, Rin. Also, great job on the event.
KAITO: Your half is coming to an end, so do everything you'd like to do and tell everyone everything you want them to know! And then let's make this the most memorable anniversary ever.
Len: Rin! Once again, happy anniversary!
Len: Since our anniversaries are on the same day, we usually celebrate together, but you know what? It's double the fun that way!
Len: And if it's the two of us, I bet we can make it ten times or even a hundred times more fun! So let's enjoy ourselves to the fullest!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Len: Alright everyone, let's wish Rin a happy anniversary one more time!
Len: Happy anniversary, Rin!
Miku & Co.: Happy anniversary!
Rin: You guys...!
Rin: Thank you! It's thanks to your help that we've been able to pull off an event as fun as this.
Rin: When we decided that I'd be the main MC, I had confidence that this event was going to be great no matter what because I knew that you guys were gonna be there with me.
Rin: The reason why I'm able to smile like I am right now is because of you.
Rin: Thank you... Thank you from the bottom of my heart!
Rin: Okay, it's time for the finale of my half! Counting on you, Len!
Len: You got it! Everyone, let's have the best time ever!
(White cut)
