856_Kagamine Rin (WxS)_R4 Lit By The Screen (event_119)

Gacha phrase: I mean, it's just so good!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rin (WxS): Thanks for bringing a copy of that film over for us, you guys♪ It was sooo good☆
Emu: Hehe. I'm glad you liked it so much!
MEIKO (WxS): Even after we finished watching it, you asked to rewatch all those scenes over and over!
Rin (WxS): Because I wanted to go back and revisit those scenes at the end! I wanted to remember who did what and who talked to who!
Rui: Hehe. We all seemed to enjoy it, but you definitely showed the most interest, Rin.
Nene: When it's ready, we'll bring over the one we're shooting now. I'm sure it'll be fun to compare this to that.
Emu: Yeah, since the stories are so different!
Miku (WxS): Oh, really?! I can't wait to see what it's about☆
Tsukasa: Then, I can show you my copy of the script. I just happened to bring it by today.
Miku (WxS): Really?!
Rin (WxS): Yes, I wanna see♪
Tsukasa: Of course! Here it is!
Luka (WxS): Oh, it's a real script for a real movie!
Len (WxS): Let's start going through it!
Rin (WxS): Okay☆
Rin (WxS): Hmmmm... So many hard words! I don't get what's going on!
Nene: Yeah, there's more than a few of those. It is sort of meant for a grown-up audience.
Rin (WxS): Right...
Rin (WxS): But you guys all appear together in one scene, right? I wanna see that☆
Rui: We appear in Scene 15... Ah, it's this page.
Emu: When the protagonist and his sister go for a walk on the beach, right?!
Len (WxS): Really?! What kinds of roles do you guys play?
Emu: I'm Girl C, who sits on a bench while feeding the pigeons!
Rui: I'm Young Man E, who gazes at the sea while leaning against the fence.
Nene: I'm playing Girl J, who's having a picnic on the grass...
Tsukasa: And I am Young Man A! The fellow admiring some flowers whilst squatting next to them!
Rin (WxS): Wow, that sounds like fun! I can't wait to see you guys during this scene☆
Nene: Oh, fair warning... The possibility still remains that our scene doesn't make the final cut. It's not like any of us are speaking.
Rin (WxS): What?! Is that true?! But you still have to work really hard on playing your characters... I didn't realize how brutal filmmaking can be...!
Nene: Brutal... Yeah, that might be a good way to put it.
Nene: But this is also a golden opportunity for us since we get to work with a professional film crew.
Tsukasa: Right. And now, not only get to be in the film, we even get to help the production team.
Tsukasa: This is going to be a learning experience the likes of which we've never before encountered!
Rui: I agree. We get to work alongside professionals working to complete this film...
Rui: In that sense, film and theatre are one and the same. So, we should try to learn as much as we can wherever we go.
Emu: Yeah☆ I'm gonna talk to as many of the crew members as I can and learn lots and lots from them!
KAITO (WxS): You all sound very excited about this opportunity.
MEIKO (WxS): Yes, it's clear that you're all raring to get started on it!
Rin (WxS): Yeah♪ I know that things might get tough...
Rin (WxS): But I promise to give you all the support I can☆
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rin (WxS): *Sigh*
Rin (WxS): (I hope Rui's okay...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rin (WxS): (Especially after hearing about how that really important scene wasn't going well...)
Rin (WxS): (After talking about it with the director, he's been working so hard to try to figure out the answer...)
Rin (WxS): (I wish I could help somehow, but...)
???: Rin?
Rin (WxS): Huh...?
Rin (WxS): Oh, KAITO, it's you...
KAITO (WxS): The plushies noticed that you're feeling down, and they're worried about you.
KAITO (WxS): Normally, you'd have already gone to visit Tsukasa and the others to see how their film's coming along... What are you doing looking sullen in here?
Rin (WxS): Oh...
Rin (WxS): So, I'm stuck... I don't know what to do...
Rin (WxS): Rui, the director and everyone have been putting so much effort into this film, right?
Rin (WxS): But this really important scene is giving Rui a lot of trouble...
Rin (WxS): I want to help him somehow, but I feel like there's nothing I can do for him...
KAITO (WxS): Nothing?
Rin (WxS): Yeah... I was so excited about this when I first heard about it since we'd get to find out what it's like to make a film!
Rin (WxS): There were so many people, so much equipment and so much we didn't know... Which made everything sparkle!
Rin (WxS): But I realize now that it's not all just fun and games...
KAITO (WxS): Rin...
Rin (WxS): They tried coming up with some ideas, but none really felt right...
Rin (WxS): And they have to finish shooting it tomorrow no matter what. Rui's trying to figure out the answer right now...
Rin (WxS): Which is why I wanna help him if I can...
KAITO (WxS): Yes, you're certainly right about making a film not being all fun and games...
KAITO (WxS): Because it's just like a show. You have to put a lot of thought into it and overcome countless obstacles...
KAITO (WxS): The problem Rui's trying to solve right now is an incredibly difficult one.
Rin (WxS): Yeah...
KAITO (WxS): Even so... I believe that there is something you can do for him, Rin.
Rin (WxS): What?
KAITO (WxS): For example... Say you were working on a show but you ended up hitting a wall. Then, imagine someone cheering you on from the sidelines...
KAITO (WxS): Would you be bothered by them rooting for you?
Rin (WxS): No way! They decided to do that after seeing that I was having trouble, right?
Rin (WxS): I'd want to thank them and do the best I possibly can to figure out whatever's bothering me!
KAITO (WxS): Yes, I figured. So...
KAITO (WxS): Wouldn't Rui be feeling the same way?
Rin (WxS): Oh...
KAITO (WxS): You just said you'd feel encouraged by someone's willingness to help you, Rin.
KAITO (WxS): So, I'm sure you showing your support for Rui will give him a nice boost of energy.
Rin (WxS): So... I can help him...?
Rin (WxS): Hehe... Thanks, KAITO♪ I feel a lot better now☆
Rin (WxS): If showing my support will help Rui, then I gotta go tell him that I'm there for him!
(Black cut)
