980_Kagamine Rin_R4 Cheering Front And Center! (event_140)

Gacha phrase: Go, Miku! Go, me!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

Len: Hey, Rin. You also came into contact with a fragment of a feeling, right?
Luka: I'd like to hear about that as well. Can you tell us which SEKAI you got to see?
Rin: Okay!
Rin: The fragment I touched let me see Minori and the others' SEKAI.
Rin: And I learned so many cool things!
Rin: First, that SEKAI almost came to be through just Haruka, Airi and Shizuku's feelings. But then...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rin: Oh no...!
Rin: The fragment... It's starting to fade...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO: Sadly, those three did sort of have to see their worlds fall apart at one point...
Rin: Yeah...
Rin: I knew that their SEKAI would eventually be born, but I still felt so nervous and anxious.
Rin: Fortunately, the SEKAI we all know and love ended up becoming a reality.
Rin: Can you guess why?
MEIKO: Hehe. The addition of Minori's feelings, yes?
Len: Out of all the owners, she was the only one you didn't mention just now.
Rin: Hehe. Correct♪
Miku: So, their feelings had become intertwined long before they met each other at school...?
Rin: Yup! I didn't know that was how their SEKAI was born. I was so moved by their story!
Rin: But that also made me think...
Luka: About what?
Rin: So, you know how clovers are kind of a symbol of MORE MORE JUMP!?
Len: Yeah, I mean, they even have some on their uniforms.
KAITO: So, what about those clovers?
Rin: Hehe...
Rin: What if Haruka and the others see Minori as their lucky four-leaf clover?
Rin: I mean, she was the one who really brought all their feelings together.
Rin: Which allowed them all to rediscover their true feelings, right?
Len: Yeah, good point!
Luka: Hehe. That's so wonderfully poetic.
Rin: Isn't it?
MEIKO: But Minori wasn't a smiling clover from the start. In that sense, it's incredible how much she's overcome.
Miku: Right. Her luck was so bad that she struggled to find success, which was terrible for her self-esteem...
Rin: Yeah!
Rin: But Haruka gave her the hope she needed. And Minori began working to become an idol just like her...!
KAITO: She kept trying, didn't give up on her feelings and was eventually the one to save Haruka.
Rin: Feelings are so powerful.
Rin: That means both reaching someone and being moved by someone can bring about a big change!
Luka: And our role is to sing songs based on such feelings.
MEIKO: Right! That is quite a powerful thought.
Rin: (All we can do is watch over them, but we can still sing for them with everything we have!)
Rin: (I hope my singing can bring positive change to people's lives someday.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Between Worlds]

(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rin (MMJ): One, two, three, four...!
Miku (MMJ): Your footwork looks much better now...♪ And I think you'll look even sharper if you can get your lower and upper body to move in sync more!
Rin (MMJ): Thank you! Then, I'll try that again while keeping what you just said in mind.
Rin (MMJ): One, two, three, four...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rin: Idol me is doing her best again today.
Len: Are you looking at each SEKAI again, Rin?
Rin: Yeah, I was just looking at the one with idol me. I think she's having dance practice right now!
Len: Oh, dance practice? She works so hard every day!
Len: I just went over to see the DJ me. He and Rin were playing rock paper scissors to see who gets the last cookie.
Rin: Haha. Sounds like they're having another fun day.
Len: Yeah!
Len: But I'm still amazed by how each version of us is so different.
Rin: I know, right? But I really love every version of me♪
Len: Haha! Same here.
Len: By the way, Rin, what do you like most about them?
Rin: Hehe. First, you know how band me is really cheerful and gives everyone cute nicknames?
Rin: Ichi, Sakki, Hona, Shih! I really like the way she thinks!
Len: Yeah, the others don't really use nicknames or anything.
Rin: Exactly♪
Rin: Then there's idol me. I really love her amazing work ethic!
Rin: Even when it comes to super complicated dances that look impossible, she'll keep practicing and picking away at it!
Len: Yeah, and it's incredible how she always gets it right in the end! I could learn a lot from her example.
Len: Now, what do you think about the you that's partnered with DJ me?
Rin: My favorite part about that SEKAI's me is... Hehe. How there's a bit of a gap.
Len: A gap?
Rin: Remember what you just said, Len? We were playing rock paper scissors for a cookie, right?
Rin: Day to day, they like to hang out and have fun together. But when it comes to events, they always put on these super cool performances.
Len: Oh, right... Now that you mention it, everyone in that SEKAI sort of has two sides to them.
Len: Even though they mostly just spend their time at MEIKO's cafe and get scolded by her after doing something naughty, they'll suddenly start doing these really cool things.
Rin: Yeah, especially KAITO and Luka!
Rin: I think the opposite of that is the version of me who puts on all those shows with her troupe.
Rin: Her attitude's always, “We're putting on a show? Yippee☆”! Her pure enthusiasm makes everyone around her smile, and I really like that about her.
Len: I do like how they're always sharing information about the things they think seem fun!
Len: Which I guess makes sense since they all do shows together. Their bonds must be really strong.
Len: Let's see... Who's left...?
Rin: The me that likes to be by herself. She's totally different from the me who loves doing shows.
Len: Oh, right!
Len: What do you like about her?
Rin: Hehe. How she can be curt but still has Mafuyu and the others' best interests in mind.
Rin: And the way she sings...
Rin: Her voice is so beautiful. And she channels all her feelings into each song.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rin: ♪———— ♪————...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin: I bet we'd sound amazing if we sang together right now!
Rin: Okay...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rin: (I know she's me, but the way she blushed was so cute.)
Len: So, you've been keeping a pretty close eye on all of them.
Rin: Of course I have. I mean, you've been learning about your other selves too, right?
Len: Yeah.
Rin: Then, it's your turn to talk! Tell me what you like about them!
Len: Huh? Okay, but don't laugh...
Rin: Oh, you're blushing!
Len: Hey, what did I just say?
Rin: Hehe!
(Black cut)
