1004_Kagamine Rin_R4 Unfamiliar Versions Of Me

Gacha phrase: Thanks for letting me share this memory.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

Rin: ♪—— ♪————
Rin: Okay, my throat is all warmed up♪
Rin: Time to sing a lot again today!
???: ————...
Rin: Hm? I thought I heard someone call my name.
???: ————...
Rin: Did it come from over there?
???: ......n...
???: ...in!
Rin: There it is again!
Rin: All the voices are different, and they're calling in different ways, but they all sound so familiar...
Rin: Oh! Maybe they're each calling the me from their SEKAI!
Rin: Wait, there's no way I could hear them so clearly when I'm not even watching the SEKAI.
Rin: Ack! Oh, it's a fragment of a feeling. You startled me.
Rin: Huh? Over there, too?
Rin: Wow, they're all over the place! Why are there so many gathered here?
Rin: Does it have anything to do with all those voices I heard?
Rin: I don't really know... But let's see what happens when I touch these feelings.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Rin: W-Where am I?
Rin: This...
Rin: This is so cool!!!
Rin: Wow, it's like an art museum in here! What are all these cubes?
Rin: They look like they should fall over, but they're stuck together... Ah!
Rin: These look like photos, and they're all showing me from each different SEKAI!
Rin: Plus...
Rin: I knew it! I can feel their emotions!
Rin: So, all those fragments of feelings that were gathered up must be their feelings toward the version of me from each SEKAI!
Rin: I wonder how they feel...
Rin: If I touch these photos, maybe I'll be able to find out?
Rin: Hmm, which one should I touch?
Rin: Oh! Look how brightly the performer me is smiling here. I wonder why she's so happy!
Rin: I'll just have a quick little peek!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nene: ——Rin, do you have a minute?
Rin: Ah, Nene♪ What is it☆
Nene: Remember when you said, “you just need a big smile, and your voice will feel happier and you'll sparkle even more”?
Nene: ...
Nene: I know I need more practice singing... But would you mind helping me practice my smile, too?
Rin: Yeah☆ Leave it to me♪
Nene: Ah! Shhh! I-I don't want the others to overhear...
Rin: Okay! It'll be our secret♪
Rin: Hey, how should we practice? Want me to poke your cheeks again? Or should I tickle you and make you laugh?
Nene: Huh?! I thought you would just show me how you do it!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin: Hehe. Right, Nene asked that SEKAI's me for help with her smile, to sparkle brighter.
Rin: I see... So they practiced in secret after that.
Rin: Performer me smiles so brightly that sometimes even I get dazzled.
Rin: With her smile to learn from, I bet everyone else will also be able to smile just as bright!
Rin: Ah! Speaking of sparkly smiles...
Rin: There she is! Idol me!
Rin: This shows the cake and marzipan dolls Airi made for us on Valentine's Day.
Rin: I'll just take a little peek in here, too♪
(White cut)
(Background change)
Airi: Now that the surprise is done, let's have some cake.
Rin: Wait, Airi! I want to look at the dolls some more.
Rin: So, um... Could you and the others start with the slices that don't have any of them?
Airi: Sure, I don't mind...
Rin: Thank you...!
MEIKO: Rin seems really taken with those little marzipan figures.
Airi: Hehe. The highest praise an artist can receive!
Airi: Especially since Rin is always there for us. I'm happy to give back to her, even a little bit.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin: Oh, right! Even after the cake was all gone, idol me kept looking at those marzipan dolls.
Rin: She did finally end up mustering the courage to eat them...
Rin: But I totally understand why she wanted to just keep them forever!
Rin: Their outfits and expressions were so detailed, it looked like they might start singing and dancing right there!
Rin: I'm glad Airi was smiling so happily too!
Rin: Still... They look like ordinary photos, but when I touch them, everyone's feelings come rushing in.
Rin: I guess this really is a collection of feelings toward all the SEKAI versions of me.
Rin: I'm curious about some of these others... Maybe I'll look at a few more emotions.
Rin: Let's see, next is...
Rin: Okay! This one!
(White cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

(White cut)
(Background change)
Len: Um, Rin... Could you teach me how to play two-person cat's cradle?
Rin: What? Why?
Len: You see... I promised Mafuyu I would play with her. But I'm not any good at two-person cat's cradle...
Rin: If you can't do it, don't promise to play.
Len: B-But Mafuyu looked like she was in pain, so I had to say something...
Len: Oh, I know. Would you come with me? I think that would help Mafuyu—
Rin: You promised her, not me. I don't have anything to do with this.
Len: But...
Rin: ...... Practice.
Len: Huh?
Rin: I'll help you practice at least.
Rin: But you're the one who made the promise with Mafuyu. So it's your responsibility.
Len: Okay! I'll do my best to get better.
Len: Thanks, Rin.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin: Hehe.
Rin: The me in this SEKAI can be a little blunt, but she really is kind.
Rin: (And she sure is cute when she blushes, too♪)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rin: Okay, next is...
Rin: Ah, there's the band me♪
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin (Ln): ...
Saki: How'd they turn out, Rin?
Rin: Super hyper ultra max perfect♪
Saki: Woohoo!
Saki: Everyone, look! Rin did my nails and they're super, uh... They came out perfect!
Miku (Ln): You forgot what she said aside from the “perfect” part, huh.
Len: I'm interested in the super hyper ultra max part. How did you come up with that?
Rin: Every word you add makes it sound so much cooler. That's just a fact♪
Miku (Ln): You really are good at painting nails, Rin. They always come out so smooth and glossy.
Rin: Heh heh heh. There's a trick, you know♪
Rin: Let me know when you want your nails redone! I'll do them anytime♪
Saki: Thanks so much for this, Rin! Now I won't have to worry about the polish cracking while we're performing.
Rin: Right? And you get to look so stylish, too! Two birds, one stone!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin: She looked so focused when she was painting Saki's nails.
Rin: It really came through how much she wanted to help Saki practice without any worries.
Rin: That's support that only she can give them, after all♪
Rin: There's also the me who works with DJ Len... Ah, there she is!
Rin: That SEKAI's me looks so confident in this picture.
Rin: Oh, I remember this! MEIKO was out, so she was working the kitchen instead!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin: An can be surprisingly careless sometimes, forgetting her handkerchief like this.
Rin: And also... Hehehe.
Rin: She really liked my cooking, too. I did think it turned out well, but I'm happy she enjoyed it!
Rin: Maybe I have a talent for it? Maybe I could open my own branch cafe here in SEKAI!
Rin: Hmhmhm♪ Lalala♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Taiga: ♪————————————!!
An: ...!
(Background change)
Rin: (Th-This is the real Taiga...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
An: There's so much I wanted to tell you...
An: You were supposed to meet Kohane...! And Akito and Toya...! You were supposed to tell me I'd found the best team ever...!
An: And you were supposed to see the moment we did it...! When we surpassed RAD WEEKEND...!
An: You were supposed to do all of that...!
(Background change)
Rin: (An...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rin: Ah! An?!
An: Hey there. Covering for MEIKO again?
Rin: Y-Yeah!
Rin: (She's smiling, but she doesn't seem happy.)
Rin: (I can understand why. The person she was so looking forward to meeting is gone, after all...)
Rin: (She must be forcing herself to smile, so we don't worry about her.)
Rin: (I can't let her effort go to waste. Act normal! Smile! Smile!)
An: Could I get a milk tea? A bit on the sweet side, please.
Rin: Coming right up!
Rin: Here you go! Your milk tea with extra honey.
An: Thanks.
An: Huh? Rin...?
Rin: D-Don't worry about it.
Rin: It's just, I'm so proud of how that milk tea turned out, I want to see you drink it from up close...
Rin: (No! I can't cry!)
Rin: (An made up her mind to move on, and is doing her best to smile!)
Rin: (But I can't stop myself...!)
An: Rin...
An: ...Mm. It's delicious. Very sweet... And very warm.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin: I see... So that happened between those two.
Rin: That's very much like the me from that SEKAI. Her kindness really does warm your heart.
Rin: Thank you all for letting me share in these beautiful memories.
Rin: I've been watching over you all...
Rin: But I'm sure there are many more wonderful memories that I don't know anything about.
Rin: It really is so heartening, knowing our SEKAI selves are able to support them from up close.
Rin: Thank you.
Rin: Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for being there for them.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Between Worlds]

Rin: Oh, I'm back.
Rin: I wanted to look around a little longer...
Rin: But I'm so happy I got to see some new memories I'd never known about.
Rin: Oh, I know! Maybe this feeling will reach everyone if I put it into a song.
Rin: Here goes!
Rin: ♪——! ♪————!
(White cut)
