1030_Kagamine Rin (Ln)_R4 A Dreamy Mountain Of Grapes (event_148)

Gacha phrase: Can we seriously have all these?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: Hello♪ Thanks for having us over again today!
Luka (Ln): Saki, Shiho, welcome.
Miku (Ln): Oh, we need to thank you two for those lovely souvenirs. We were actually having them together just now.
Rin (Ln): Everything was so good! But I definitely liked the warabimochi the most☆
Len (Ln): Yeah, those were really good. They were a lot fruitier than I was expecting.
Rin (Ln): I know, right? That means my instincts were correct!
KAITO (Ln): I see... I didn't realize that you helped them look for souvenirs, Rin.
Rin (Ln): Yup! Sakki said that we could look together♪
Rin (Ln): So, thanks for inviting me along! You too, Shih! I really appreciate you letting me join you guys!
Saki: Hehe. You're welcome♪
Shiho: I'm glad you enjoyed everything.
Shiho: We were hoping that you'd get to see a lot more...
Rin (Ln): No, don't say that! I saw plenty!
Rin (Ln): You two were both kind enough to position your phones in your pockets in such a way that I could see what was going on.
Rin (Ln): Including the Leaf Ranger Tower♪
MEIKO (Ln): Leaf Ranger Tower?
Rin (Ln): Hehe. This is what happened...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rin (Ln): <There we are. I should be able to watch everything from here...!>
Rin (Ln): <Shih said they're capping off their trip by going leaf-viewing...>
Rin (Ln): (Wow! This is so beautiful...!)
Rin (Ln): (The leaves on these trees are all red, yellow and orange!)
Rin (Ln): (Whoa...! I didn't know these leaves would be this pretty!)
Saki's Voice (Saki): Shiho, look!
Rin (Ln): (Oh, Sakki's coming this way! She has something in her hands...)
Saki: I got a whole bunch of bright red leaves♪
Shiho: Wow, that's really pretty. They're all the same shade of red.
Saki: I know, right?! Since we have all these pretty leaves, we gotta all transform!
Shiho: Transform?
Saki: Ta-daa♪ I'm Red Leaf Ranger!
Shiho: Wait, you're just covering your eyes using a pair of leaves...
Saki: Hehe. It's a fun way to enjoy fall, right?
Rin (Ln): (Haha! That's really silly, but it also suits her really well♪)
Tsukasa: Oh, I remember that game! We used to transform into all kinds of superheroes!
Shizuku: Oh, is that true? But it looks like fun, so I think I'll join you.
Shiho: Wait, Shizuku, you're not actually...?
Saki: Then, wanna try on these yellow-ish leaves?
Shizuku: Oh, those look lovely! Thank you, Saki.
Tsukasa: In that case, I'll use...! These orange-ish leaves!
(Background change)
Rin (Ln): (They're all getting into it! That means Shih has no choice but to...)
(Background change)
Shiho: I'll take a picture of you three if you all wanna pose together, Saki.
(Background change)
Rin (Ln): (Oh...)
(Background change)
Saki: Wait, Shiho, aren't you gonna join us?
Shiho: Uhh, wait. I need you to move out of that tree's shadow. Also, you guys need to bunch together more.
Saki: Awww, Tsukasa! Shiho doesn't want to play with us.
Tsukasa: Hmm... Unfortunately, it just rained, so there isn't anyone else around who we can ask to take a picture of us...
Shizuku: Shii, I'll swap places with you...
Shiho: I'm good. Anyway, squeeze together a little more for me.
Tsukasa: I know! What if we lined up vertically instead of horizontally?
Shiho: Huh? Vertically?
(Background change)
(Background change)
Shizuku: Hehe. That sounds like fun. I'll be on the bottom. Saki, you stay right where you are.
Saki: Okay!
Tsukasa: Then, I'll be on top!
(Background change)
Rin (Ln): (Oh, they're lining up vertically! Like they're forming a...)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Alright, Saki, Shizuku, get your leaves ready!
Saki & Shizuku: Okay♪ Okay.
Tsukasa: Transform! I'm the Orange Leaf Ranger!
Saki: Hehe. Transform...! I'm the Red Leaf Ranger!
Shizuku: And I'll transform into...♪ The Yellow Leaf Ranger!
Tsukasa: Together, we form...! The Leaf Ranger Tower!
Shiho: ...!
(Background change)
Rin (Ln): (...! Wh-What are they doing?! Th-That's so silly... N-No, I can't hold back my laughter...!)
Rin (Ln): (Th-This is bad! I can't not laugh!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rin (Ln): I rushed back over here so that I could roll on the floor laughing♪
Saki: You saw all that, Rin?! Also, Shiho, you laughed while you were taking that picture?!
Shiho: Hey, it was impossible not to laugh. The worst part was how that image of you guys kept popping back into my head.
Rin (Ln): I know exactly what you mean, Shih! I couldn't stop thinking about what they did.
KAITO (Ln): Oh, that explains why you've been giggling for no reason...
Rin (Ln): Yeah, because it was really funny... H-Hehe... Haha!
Shiho: I think this means Rin had the most fun out of all of us.
Saki: Yeah! I'm really glad for her♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: Alright, everyone, the wait is over! It's in this classroom!
Rin (Ln): Oh, can you tell us what's inside?
Shiho: You'll know when you go inside... Probably...
Miku (Ln): Probably?
Shiho: So, we did our best, but it still ended up looking like a bit of a hodgepodge...
Saki: Shiho, shh!
Saki: Anyway, it's now officially... Open♪
(Background change)
Luka (Ln): Oh, there's something set up in the middle.
MEIKO (Ln): Aren't those coatracks?
Len (Ln): But it appears to be wrapped in some sort of vine with leaves on it...
KAITO (Ln): And the things hanging from it... Are those grapes?
Rin (Ln): I know! This is supposed to look like that vineyard we visited!
Saki: Correct! We have a winner♪ Congratulations, Rin!
Saki: Remember how we said we're gonna have a grape party when we were over there? We gave it a lot of thought after that.
Shiho: Having you guys eat the grapes we harvested was one idea, but we felt that it'd be more fun if you also had a chance to pick your own.
Saki: Exactly♪ It's way more fun when you do it yourself!
Rin (Ln): Sakki, Shih...
Shiho: Still, getting coatracks to look like a vineyard was pretty hard.
Shiho: We did what we could using the ones we had at our houses. We even borrowed a bunch of props from Tsukasa and his troupe...
Saki: Haha... They had a lot of amazing plant props, but none of them were grapes.
Rin (Ln): No, don't worry about how it looks!
Rin (Ln): I also kinda wished that I could pick grapes with you guys while we were at that vineyard!
Rin (Ln): So, I'm really happy! Thanks for doing this for us, Sakki, Shih!
Miku (Ln): Then, why don't we get started?
Rin (Ln): Yeah!
(Black cut)
Shiho: You're really supposed to cut these stems, but you'll all have to make do with picking individual grapes. Is that okay?
Len (Ln): Oh, you even prepared bowls for all of us.
Saki: We have plenty of napkins here, so feel free to use as many as you like!
Rin (Ln): The grapes closest to the top of the stem are the sweetest, so I recommend starting from the bottom and working your way up!
MEIKO (Ln): I see. But before we start eating... We have our choice of red and white grapes. Which should we have first?
Rin (Ln): I'm gonna have some red ones♪ And the one at the very bottom is... Oh, this one!
Rin (Ln): Alright, there we go...! Sakki, Shih, I've got some now!
(Black cut)
KAITO (Ln): These grapes are much bigger than I thought. I'm not sure I can eat any of these in one bite...
Rin & Len: Hmm?
KAITO (Ln): You two seem to have your cheeks fully stuffed. How many did you both eat just now...?
Rin & Len: Two!
MEIKO (Ln): Wait, you both had two at once? I think I'll join you.
(Black cut)
Miku (Ln): Oh, these white ones are so sweet. I thought they'd be more tart.
Luka (Ln): That may vary based on the type. Conversely, these red grapes are sweet but have a refreshing aftertaste.
(Black cut)
KAITO (Ln): Oh, the grapes towards the top really are much sweeter compared to the ones at the bottom...
Rin (Ln): See?! I think I'll have one of those now♪
(Black cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO (Ln): You certainly seem to be enjoying yourself, Rin.
Rin (Ln): I am! Sakki and the others were all smiling from ear to ear that day.
Rin (Ln): And now... My heart's overflowing with happiness and excitement!
Rin (Ln): Do you think Sakki and Shih felt the same way that day?!
KAITO (Ln): Yes, I'm sure...
Rin (Ln): I knew it...!
(Black cut)
