1129_Kagamine Rin (Ln)_R4 No Head Pats, Thank You! (event_159)

Gacha phrase: Hey, don't treat me like a little kid!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Alright, we should probably head out now.
Saki: Okay! Have fun at work!
Shiho: Then, why don't we take a quick break before we resume practice?
Rin (Ln): Oh, in that case, can we talk about some stuff?!
Saki: Sure! What do you wanna talk about?
Rin (Ln): So, I wanna ask you two more about the work research shadowing program thing you told us about!
Saki: The shadowing program? Then, what if we told her more about our office visit?
Shiho: That might be good. It did have a pretty interesting “we plan events” feeling to it.
Rin (Ln): Like what?
Saki: Hmm... Oh!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: In one corner of their office, they had a big pile of equipment that they use for their events! That really made it feel like an event company!
Rin (Ln): Oh, really?!
Saki: The person right next to the pile did seem a little bit cramped...
Shiho: But they said they liked it better working in a smaller space like that.
Rin (Ln): Haha. I think I understand! Like when you're playing hide and seek and you hide in the broom closet. It's pretty comfy in there.
Shiho: I don't think that's quite what they meant...
Shiho: Oh, they also had a bunch of event posters pinned up around the office. You probably wouldn't get that at other companies.
Saki: Yeah, that's right! There were so many all lined up! Just looking at them was really fun!
Saki: Also, I really liked the desks of the people who worked there.
Rin (Ln): Huh? Their desks?
Saki: A lot of people had special tools and catalogs on their desks, but some also had game cases and children's books lined up!
Saki: The lady who showed us around had a bunch of merch of event mascots on her desk.
Saki: And she told us...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kizaki: One reason why I have these on my desk is because I think they're really cute, of course.
Kizaki: But they also represent the joy I feel each time I get to see our guests enjoying our events, and connecting with the heart of what we're doing.
Kizaki: I won't forget that sensation as long as they're on my desk, and I feel motivated to do my best for our next event.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rin (Ln): They remind her of her past accomplishments, which in turn drive her to keep doing her best... That's really cool!
Saki: And she isn't alone. Apparently, her company recommends all of their employees do the same!
Shiho: Yeah, everyone did have a lot of merch on their desks.
Saki: I know, right♪ The entire place had this glittery glow to it, like they were all having so much fun...
Rin (Ln): A glittery glow...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Rin (Ln): Yeah, I think I know what you mean!
Saki: Huh?
Rin (Ln): It's like when you're writing songs, Sakki. Or when Shih is practicing on her own, or when all of you are playing together.
Rin (Ln): You all make the air around you sparkle, because you're doing what you love with all your hearts!
Saki: Wait, really...?!
Shiho: I mean, I dunno if we make the air sparkle... Being pros comes with certain responsibilities and resolutions, that's all.
Rin (Ln): (Hehe. Still, people do sorta shine whenever they're doing something they really love...)
Rin (Ln): (Which means the employees at that company are just like Sakki and the others. They must have a lot of great memories.)
Rin (Ln): (Now I really can't wait to see what the event they said they'll be helping out with is gonna be like!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Rin (Ln): Okay, now that we've all finished making our cards, let's start exchanging them!
Len (Ln): Man, I suddenly feel a bit shy...
Honami: M-Me too. It's a little embarrassing.
Rin (Ln): Aw, really? Well, in that case...
Rin (Ln): I'll just have to show you all how it's done, one more time! Starting with... Miku-P!
Miku (Ln): Wait, me?
Rin (Ln): Yup! Here you are☆
Rin (Ln): “Thank you for always playing music and hanging out with me! I love how you're so kind and always look out for everyone around you! I hope we get to stay friends forever♪”
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Thank you...
Miku (Ln): I think I'm blushing a little bit... But it is nice to be told that you're appreciated.
Rin (Ln): Hehe. You're welcome♪
Miku (Ln): Now it's my turn. Here you are, Rin.
Rin (Ln): Wow! Is this the synth I always use?!
Rin (Ln): Check it out, you guys! She used black and white tape to make the keys!
Ichika: Oh, you're right. That's pretty clever, Miku.
Miku (Ln): Wait, Rin, don't show it to everyone.
Rin (Ln): But this screams artistic talent! I want everybody to see it!
Miku (Ln): I mean, I'm glad that you like it so much...
Saki: Alright, let's follow Rin's example and start exchanging our cards!
Ichika: Umm... Then, Luka, I'll start with you.
Ichika: Here you are. I went with a night theme, since you're always so cool and collected.
Luka (Ln): Hehe. Thank you. This is wonderful. I like how you have this staff of notes floating in the night sky.
Honami: Let's see... This is for you, MEIKO. I hope you like it.
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, this is incredible! A drum kit popped out when I opened it.
Honami: I went with a dynamic design, since you always put on such powerful performances.
MEIKO (Ln): Thank you for this, Honami. Now, here's the card I made for you. I hope you enjoy it.
Len (Ln): Again, this is really embarrassing... Can't we just count to three and exchange them like that?
KAITO (Ln): Yeah, I agree.
Len (Ln): Alright, one, two...!
Len (Ln): Oh, is this a picture of the guitar I always use? Man, you're such a good artist.
KAITO (Ln): The ice cream you drew also looks delicious, Len.
Rin (Ln): (Hehe. Everyone's having so much fun☆ Alright, I think it's time to...)
Rin (Ln): Sakki! Shih!
Shiho: Hm?
Rin (Ln): I still haven't given you two your cards yet. So, here you are!
Saki: Wow, this is so cute...! Flowers, stars and all sorts of other stickers!
Rin (Ln): You're always smiling and full of energy, so I decided to design a card with the same level of cheerfulness! I hope it brightens up your day every time you look at it!
Rin (Ln): For your card, Shih, I used a bunch of animal stickers since I know you love them a lot☆
Shiho: I see. These are really cute. And you put on a lot of different species too.
Shiho: Thanks for putting so much thought into this. I promise to cherish it.
Rin (Ln): You're welcome!
Saki: Alright, it's our turn now!
Saki: “I love your cheerful energy and how you're always the life of the party!”
Saki: “I hope we get to keep doing lots and lots of fun stuff together, and I hope we can be friends forever♪”
Rin (Ln): Sakki...
Saki: So, here you are!
Rin (Ln): Thanks! Wow, this card's decorations are so cute!
Saki: You're always chock-full of cheerful energy, so I decided to use sparkly stickers and glittery lamé!
Shiho: Next is mine...
Shiho: “I know I'm always telling you to look before you leap, but I do stand to learn a lot from your fearlessness and creativity.”
Shiho: “Your cheerfulness has been a big source of encouragement for me. Thank you for always helping us put on great performances, and I hope we get to do more stuff like this moving forward.”
Shiho: So, here. This is for you.
Rin (Ln): *Nod* Thanks!
Rin (Ln): Oh, Shih, I see what you did! This card looks simple, but it's put together really well☆
Rin (Ln): These stickers around the edge are tiny, but they're all lined up perfectly!
Saki: She used tweezers and a ruler to do that. You should've seen how serious she looked while putting them on!
Rin (Ln): Really...?!
Rin (Ln): (I can't begin to describe how happy I feel right now...)
Rin (Ln): (These cards are great, but so are the messages that they wrote. I can tell just how much thought they both put into these...)
Rin (Ln): Thank you both so much! I promise to treasure these!
(Black cut)
