1203_Kagamine Rin (Ln)_R4 Bringing The Fun And Games♪ (event_173)

Skill name: Party Planning!
Gacha phrase: Leave it all to me!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Rin (Ln): I hereby declare this emergency meeting of the fun and games committee open☆
Rin (Ln): Come on, Len, show some spirit!
Len (Ln): It's just the two of us here, so what would be the point?
Rin (Ln): It's important to get into the right mood!
Len (Ln): The right mood, huh...
Len (Ln): Anyway, what are we doing today?
Rin (Ln): Heh heh heh... I'm glad you asked! Today...
Rin (Ln): We're gonna plan a party to celebrate Ichika and the girls' solo show getting the green light!
Len (Ln): Now I see. That explains why you came and got me right after they left.
Rin (Ln): Yup! There's no time like right now!
Len (Ln): I think you mean “the present”.
Len (Ln): But a party's a good idea. This is going to be their very first solo show since going pro.
Rin (Ln): I know, right?! So, let's decide what we're gonna do!
Rin (Ln): Here's my basic plan! We're gonna play music together for the first half, and a bunch of games for the second!
Len (Ln): Let's start thinking about the music first, then.
Rin (Ln): Okay!
(Black cut)
Rin (Ln): Also, I wanna do something super fun right after the starting toast!
Len (Ln): In that case, why don't we have someone play a song? Who should we have...
Rin (Ln): It's your idea, so you, Len. Who else would be good... Oh, what about KAITO?! You two could have a really awesome session together!
Len (Ln): Sure thing. It'll be easy to get the party started with KAITO too.
Rin (Ln): Alright, that settles that♪ Next, we'll have...
(Black cut)
Len (Ln): Since we're all gonna be there, it'd be nice to play something with Ichika and the others.
Rin (Ln): Yeah! But it's a party, so I kinda want to do something different and special...
Len (Ln): Something different, huh...
Len (Ln): Then, what if we shuffled our bands? We could all play instruments that we normally don't.
Rin (Ln): Wait, that sounds really fun! We're so doing that♪
(Black cut)
Rin (Ln): Alright, we've got everything down for the first half!
Len (Ln): So now we need to come up with games for the second half. Anything you wanna play, Rin?
Rin (Ln): Hmm... We could play cards, or have a quiz tournament and stuff...
Rin (Ln): But I feel like we should keep doing stuff that's both fun and different!
Len (Ln): In other words, you've got nothing.
Rin (Ln): B-But thinking up exciting stuff is where the fun and games committee gets to strut their stuff!
Rin (Ln): So, let's figure out games everyone's gonna love♪
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Rin (Ln): So, those are the party plans we came up with for Ichika and the others! What do you all think?
Luka (Ln): It sounds wonderful. You have so many fun activities planned, I'm looking forward to it already.
Miku (Ln): And we'll be more than happy to help set everything up.
KAITO (Ln): So I'm up first, huh... I'll need to do my best.
MEIKO (Ln): Haha. We'll be looking forward to a good performance.
MEIKO (Ln): And the games for the second half do look fun... Hm?
Miku (Ln): Is something wrong, MEIKO?
MEIKO (Ln): No, it's just... I'm not sure what “Leo/need Old Maid” is.
Rin (Ln): It's a new version of Old Maid that Len and I came up with! You do impressions as you play!
MEIKO (Ln): Impressions...?
Len (Ln): Just think about it. All their names include numbers or are tied to them in some way, right?
Miku (Ln): Oh... Like how Ichika's name has a “1” in it?
Rin (Ln): Exactly! Sakki would be a “3”, Hona would be a “7” and Shih would be a “4”!
Rin (Ln): So whenever you make a pair using someone's number, you have to do an impression of them!
Luka (Ln): I see. For example, if I made a pair of sevens, then I'd have to do an impression of Honami, yes?
Rin (Ln): That's right! You'd say, “I bought apple pies for all of you,” or something like that♪
Miku (Ln): That sounds fun. In Saki's case, you'd have to be cheerful and optimistic.
MEIKO (Ln): Shiho will probably want to avoid doing any impressions, so she might refrain from revealing any such pairs.
KAITO (Ln): I don't think I could do any either...
Luka (Ln): Hehe. I think the fun and games committee deserves a pat on the back for coming up with such an interesting game.
Rin (Ln): Hehe. Thanks, Luka!
Rin (Ln): Alright, let's do our best to make sure Ichi and the others all get to have lots of fun☆
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Rin (Ln): Our party was a huge success! I had so much fun!
Len (Ln): I'm so glad Ichika and the others seemed like they had a ton of fun.
Rin (Ln): Me too! None of this would've been possible without you, Len!
Rin (Ln): So, raise your right hand for me!
Len (Ln): My right hand? Sure.
Rin (Ln): Here's to our success... High five☆
Luka (Ln): Nice work, you two. That was such a wonderful party.
MEIKO (Ln): And the girls seemed to really enjoy themselves.
Rin (Ln): Hehe! I also need to thank you and the others for helping us out with it, MEIKO! You guys ended up being lifesavers!
Miku (Ln): We're glad that we could help.
Luka (Ln): Anyway, we've still got one thing left to do for the party, so let's get to it.
Rin (Ln): Right! Our party isn't over yet...
Rin (Ln): It's cleanup time☆
(Black cut)
Rin (Ln): The paper cups go in the bin! The chip bags also go in the bin!
Rin (Ln): And the chocolate wrappers... Oh, nice☆ There's still one left!
Rin (Ln): (I think these are the ones that Sakki said were really good. I'll give it to her the next time she visits!)
Len (Ln): Hey, Rin, don't stop cleaning. This isn't snacktime.
Rin (Ln): I am cleaning! If anything, aren't you dragging your feet a bit?
(Black cut)
KAITO (Ln): Oh, it looks like Ichika and the others already put the deck of cards back together.
Rin (Ln): Hey, you're right. In that case, all we have to do is put it back in its case!
Rin (Ln): Still, that game of Old Maid we played was so much fun! Everyone loved doing impressions of each other♪
KAITO (Ln): Honami's impression of Ichika was remarkably good...
Rin (Ln): It was Ichi eating something really yummy, right? It had to have been a yakisoba bun! I know it!
(Black cut)
Rin (Ln): And we had a lot of fun blowing up these balloons yesterday too, didn't we!
Luka (Ln): Yes, we did quite a lot with them, including that contest to see who could exhale the longest.
Miku (Ln): All of us put up a good fight. We should do that with Ichika and the others next time.
Rin (Ln): Yeah, that'd be great! I'll add it to the list of possible events for next time!
Len (Ln): It sounds like you're concocting another weird plan...
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Rin (Ln): Wow, this place is so much cleaner now! It really goes fast with everyone working together.
MEIKO (Ln): All that's left are the decorations on the blackboard. Once those are down, this classroom will be all back to normal...
MEIKO (Ln): It's a little sad, when it was so lively not too long ago.
Rin (Ln): Yeah, I know what you mean.
Rin (Ln): But cleaning up has also been plenty fun! I mean, we've had a chance to think about everything we did together...
Rin (Ln): Plus, cleaning up feels like a big game where we're trying to complete missions♪
Miku (Ln): Missions?
Rin (Ln): Yeah! For example... The ten-second blackboard challenge!
Len (Ln): The what?
Rin (Ln): You have ten seconds to make the blackboard spotless! If you succeed, then you get to give yourself a pat on the back♪
Rin (Ln): Lemme give it a try! Here I go...
Rin (Ln): *Roar*
KAITO (Ln): That's our Rin. She's always got a way to make everything fun.
Luka (Ln): Yes. Why don't we complete these cleanup missions together?
Rin (Ln): Yeah, the more the merrier! That includes you guys, Len!
Rin (Ln): Ready, you guys? Here we go!
Rin (Ln): Our mission is to clean up the classroom! Let's get started!
(Black cut)
