1236_Kagamine Rin_R4 Merry-Go-Round Merriment! (event_179)

Skill name: That's More Like "Me"!
Gacha phrase: It's like I'm strolling through the sky!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

[Between Worlds]

Rin: Wow, that was so much fun!
Rin: Band me always seems to have so much fun when she's playing. She even got me moving!
Rin: She did a great job hyping everyone up, too. What was it she said...?
Rin: “Everyone! Let's keep raising the roof♪”
Rin: Yeah, that sounds about right!
Rin: And the way she talks is so cute. It's energizing, or maybe infectious is a better word...
Rin: Oh, I just had a great idea!
MEIKO: Oh, Rin, I didn't realize that you were back.
Miku: How was the SEKAI?
Rin: Oh...
Rin: Hiya, Miku-P, MEIKO!
MEIKO: H-Huh...?
Miku: Miku-P...?
Miku: Are you copying the band version of you, Rin?
Rin: Yup! I really like the way she talks. So, I decided to give it a try!
Rin: Hey, I know. You two wanna do it with me?
MEIKO: Hehe. It sounds like we don't have much of a choice.
Miku: Right. It sounds fun, so let's give it a try.
Miku: Though we don't really know how that Rin talks, so I don't know if we'll do very well.
Rin: Not a problem! Let's just try our best, Miku-P, MEIKO♪
Miku: Okay, Rin-P, let's do our best!
Rin: I'd love it if you also called me Rin-P, MEIKO♪
MEIKO: Alright, I can do that. Oh, if I'm imitating that Rin, then... You got it, Rin-P! How's that?
Rin: Hehe. That was great!
Rin: Let's keep chatting up a storm like this♪
Rin: Let's see... What are you two planning to do later?
Miku: Umm... I'm thinking about taking a look at another SEKAI! I wanna see how everyone's doing!
MEIKO: Luka and I are gonna practice our new duet!
MEIKO: We'll have you guys listen in later, so stay tuned!
Rin: Oh, that's why you two have been singing together so much lately!
Rin: This is so exciting! I can't wait to hear what you two are gonna sing♪
MEIKO: Speaking of which, Rin-P, the other day, you and Miku-P...
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Rin: Okay, talking has been fun, but...
Miku: Are we actually doing this right?
MEIKO: I feel like we're all just talking with a little more energy than normal.
Rin: Hmm... That's also what I thought. This is really hard...
MEIKO: But I thought you did the best out of all of us, Rin. It must be because you're always watching over that Rin.
Rin: Really?! Still, though, I feel like I'm missing something...
Rin: Alright, I'm gonna go visit that SEKAI again!
Rin: I'll observe that me more closely and really learn how to talk like her!
MEIKO: In that case, I'll go with you.
Miku: Me too!
Rin: Wait, both of you?
MEIKO: Why not? In for a penny, in for a pound.
Miku: I'd also like to see this through until the end. It's probably going to bother me if I don't.
Rin: Woohoo! Then...
Rin: Miku-P, MEIKO! Let's go visit their SEKAI!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

Rin: Hmm... Which SEKAI should I take a look at today?
Rin: Oh, I could do that thing I did with Len the other day again. I'll walk in a straight line, and whichever SEKAI I run into, that's where I'll go.
Rin: Let's see... Which way should I go?
Rin: Was that a band playing just now?
Rin: Could it be...?
Rin: I'll make a quick detour before I test my luck.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

[Station]

Rin: Found 'em!
Rin: Ichika and the girls are also with them. But why are they practicing here instead of in one of the classrooms?
Ichika: Phew... That was pretty good! I think it was our best performance yet today.
Saki: Yeah! I was really feeling it♪
Rin (Ln): Me too♪ And playing that one part together was so much fun!
Honami: Hehe. I really got into it, too. Did you notice anything to work on, Shiho?
Shiho: No, I also agree that it was the best we've done today.
Rin & Saki: Cool!
KAITO (Ln): It's rare of you to praise them like this, Shiho.
Shiho: Hey, I say that they did well when they do.
Rin (Ln): Doesn't that mean it's gonna happen again?!
Rin: Again...?
Rin (Ln): We already watered it and we just put on an amazing performance, so the tree might start glowing again...!
Rin: The tree...?
Rin: Oh, that's right. Everyone was sent to different SEKAI while watering their trees.
Rin: Do they think that doing the same thing will cause that to happen again?
Rin: Unfortunately...
Ichika: Nothing seems to be happening...
Rin (Ln): Aw, but why not?!
KAITO (Ln): Just performing the same set of actions doesn't seem to be enough.
Shiho: Well, getting sent off to another SEKAI is a pretty big deal, so it's for the best it doesn't happen that easily.
Saki: Aww, but I really wanna go to the SEKAI that Rin got to visit.
Rin: Ah, so they are trying to visit the same SEKAI again.
Rin: But that really was just a happy accident, or maybe a miracle...
Rin: And we still don't really know the real cause as to why that happened.
KAITO (Ln): Haven't you had enough, Rin? Let's head back to the classroom...
Rin (Ln): No, let's try one more time!
Rin (Ln): Something might happen next time! So, let's play again!
KAITO (Ln): Ichika and the girls need this time to prepare for their show, Rin. We can't keep them...
Honami: Oh, don't worry about us. This is actually good practice for us.
KAITO (Ln): But it's not how you normally practice, right?
KAITO (Ln): And Rin, you get it, don't you? It just isn't that easy to travel to another SEKAI.
KAITO (Ln): So, let's...
Rin (Ln): No...!
Rin (Ln): Just one more time! I'm going back to that SEKAI no matter what!
Rin: Normally, “I” wouldn't cause everyone else so much trouble like this.
Rin: So why is she...?
KAITO (Ln): Rin...
Ichika: It's okay, KAITO. You don't have to worry about us. I'm pretty sure we all understand how Rin feels.
Saki: You're doing this for us, right...?
Saki: We heard all about the fun you and KAITO got to have when you two were sent over to that SEKAI, Rin.
Saki: So you want us to be able to have fun like that over there too, right?
Rin: Oh...
KAITO (Ln): Is that true?
Rin (Ln): Yeah... It was so much fun over there.
Rin (Ln): But we couldn't go together... It isn't fair that only the two of us got to have so much fun, right?
Rin: It isn't fair...
Rin: I guess she's right. It would be better to share that fun with everyone.
Rin: Now I see... That's why she's acting this way.
KAITO (Ln): I understand your reasoning now. But...
Rin (Ln): Yeah, I know...
Rin (Ln): Sorry for making you all put up with me like this, Ichi...
Ichika: No, your thoughtfulness means a lot to us.
Shiho: As far as we know, you got to go to another SEKAI because you've been doing good things each day. Or maybe you just got lucky?
Rin (Ln): Oh! Is it because I've been taking good care of the tree?!
Saki: That's gotta be it! It was the tree's way of thanking you!
Rin (Ln): Hehe. I sure hope that's true♪ And you should all follow my example!
Rin: Thank goodness she's smiling again!
Rin: This is how the “me” from this SEKAI should be acting!
(Black cut)
