178-4 The Gulf Between Us

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[ArcLand - Practice Room]

Asahi: “No more...”
Asahi: “Thank you, Harte... But this is the end. There's nothing left for me.”
Tsukasa: (What...is this?)
Tsukasa: (His gaze, his movements... Everything about him is “empty”.)
Tsukasa: (It's almost as if a dark, enveloping void has opened up behind him.)
Tsukasa: (I can't look away...)
Nene: “Blesse! Come on, Blesse! This isn't like you!”
Asahi: “None of this matters.”
Asahi: “No matter what I do, humanity will still hate. Countries will still wage war.”
Asahi: “No matter how much we wrack our brains, no matter what we try to accomplish... Nothing ever changes.”
Asahi: “It's all meaningless.”
Nene: “Blesse!”
Tsukasa: (He's achieved this level of performance after only one read-through...)
Emu: ...
Rui: (To grasp the core of the character as I envisioned him, and express him almost perfectly, in such a short time... As uncanny as ever.)
Asahi: Oh... Sorry, I went on pretty long.
Asahi: There's a lot of substance to this role. I got a bit carried away.
Rui: It's an honor to hear you say so, Asahi.
Asahi: Oh, right! So, about how I would play the role...
Tsukasa: R-Right!
Asahi: “Despair” is one of the themes of this show. So I think the expression of that despair is the key to the whole thing.
Asahi: I might go so far as to say that how genuinely you portray the prince's despair in the end will make or break the show as a whole.
Asahi: The deeper the prince's despair, the brighter the princess will shine as she continues striving to hold onto hope.
Tsukasa: So you think so, too?
Tsukasa: I did think that was the case... But I haven't captured it fully yet.
Asahi: I understand. This is a pretty difficult thing, after all.
Asahi: Figuring out how to show it is one thing... But people don't often experience emotions strong enough to be called “despair”, either.
Asahi: So...
Asahi: You might want to try to imagine what would drive you to that kind of deepest despair.
Tsukasa: What would drive me to despair...
Asahi: Yeah. If you can grasp the despair inside you, it might make it easier to imagine the prince's despair, too.
Asahi: I don't think it'll be a pleasant experience, though.
Tsukasa: No... Thank you very much. I'll give it a try.
ArcLand Cast Member A: Hey, Asahi! We're starting back up!
Asahi: Huh?! Already?! I didn't get to eat my lunch...!
Tsukasa: Oh, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to take up your entire break...
Asahi: Don't worry, I can scarf it down! I had a lot of fun with this.
Asahi: If there's anything else you think I can do, just ask. I'll be happy to help!
Tsukasa: I will!
Tsukasa: (All my training and growth I've undergone only make it easier to see.)
Tsukasa: (Even after all this time...)
Tsukasa: (There is a yawning gap between myself and Asahi.)
Tsukasa: (Maybe it's his unceasing hard work, or maybe it's inborn talent... Or perhaps it's both.)
Tsukasa: (Whatever the cause...)
Tsukasa: (There is a huge gulf between us.)
Tsukasa: (Between his ability...and mine.)
Tsukasa: (Can I bridge it?)
Tsukasa: (Can I get to where he is...?)
Tsukasa: No.
Tsukasa: Not “can I”. I will.
Tsukasa: (I'm well aware of my own inadequacy. I know that my path forward will not be an easy one.)
Tsukasa: (Even so, I remain resolved to walk it.)
Tsukasa: (And... I will not falter on my way.)
Emu: Huh?
Emu: Tsukasa...?
(Black cut)
