On the last day of the workshop, Wonderlands×Showtime learn about the upcoming ArcLand Show Contest, and they decide to compete. Faced with the challenging role of a prince beset by despair, Tsukasa becomes keenly aware of the gap between himself and Asahi.

178-1 The ArcLand Show Contest

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[ArcLand - Workshop Venue]

Workshop Host: And that officially wraps up this workshop. Thank you all very much.
Workshop Host: Particularly thanks to the help of our guest lecturers, this has proven to be a deeply rewarding experience for us all.
Workshop Host: I hope what you've learned here will prove useful to you.
Tsukasa: (Today was the final day of ArcLand's workshop.)
Tsukasa: (Not only was it an opportunity to learn from world-class instructors, but it was a valuable chance to interact with ArcLand's cast as well.)
Tsukasa: (It is a shame that such fulfilling days are coming to an end...)
Tsukasa: (But we mustn't stop moving forward! We will take what we've learned here and make it fuel for our continued growth!)
Workshop Host: Oh, however... One more thing, before we part ways.
Workshop Host: I have a very important announcement for you all.
Tsukasa: Hm...?
Emu: An important announcement?
Workshop Host: In the near future, we will be hosting the ArcLand Show Contest.
Tsukasa: The ArcLand...Show Contest?
Workshop Host: ArcLand is currently working on an initiative to create new shows.
Workshop Host: Ordinarily, new productions would be focused on ArcLand's cast and crew...
Workshop Host: But as I'm sure you're all aware, we here at ArcLand—especially the members of the Center Theatre—have made it our goal to create “shows that bring the world together”.
Tsukasa: (Shows that bring the world together...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Asahi: I'd already had some interest in ArcLand since it was famous for being a theme park that put on world-class shows.
Asahi: So, I came up with the idea of putting on shows at the Center Theatre that bring the world together.
Rui: Shows that bring the world together...?
Asahi: Haha. I guess that needs more explaining...
Asahi: In other words, ArcLand is currently working to do shows like the one Tom showed me.
Asahi: For all those people out there who are somehow surviving but are unable to smile...
Asahi: The cast of the Center Theatre plans to do shows around the world just for them.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (This is what Asahi was talking about.)
Tsukasa: (I do recall him saying they were laying the groundwork for that goal...)
Workshop Host: Of course, to achieve this goal, we'll need many brilliant actors.
Workshop Host: And the best way to find brilliant actors is to create a space for talented young people to learn and gain experience.
Workshop Host: That's why we decided to open participation to unaffiliated troupes, and present this opportunity in the form of a contest.
Rui: (I see. This fits with ArcLand's usual style of doing things.)
Rui: (They aren't simply focused on a box office take. This contest stands to improve the industry as a whole... It's an investment in the future.)
Workshop Host: The troupe that wins this contest will be given a two-week run at the Center Theatre here in ArcLand.
Tsukasa: ...! A run at the Center Theatre?!
Tsukasa: (Despite operating as part of a theme park, the Center Theatre is one of the most prestigious theatres in Japan.)
Tsukasa: (I felt lucky enough to stand on its stage during the workshop... I can only imagine the experience would be on another level with an audience.)
Tsukasa: (If we could perform on that stage, it would be an opportunity for growth unlike any we've experienced...!)
Workshop Host: The judges for the contest will be ArcLand's production committee...
Workshop Host: And Mr. Koryu Sakaki here will also participate as a special judge.
Sakaki: That's right, you're not rid of me just yet.
Rui: (...! Sakaki...!)
Sakaki: Oh, right, one more thing from me.
Sakaki: Maybe you've all guessed by now, but there might be something special lined up for anyone who produces particularly good results in the contest.
Emu: Something special? Do you think he means like a parade?!
Nene: I really don't think that's where this is going, no...
Sakaki: I'd like to get my hands on some of this sparkling new talent too, after all.
Sakaki: I'm not making any promises, but who knows? I might drop you a little invitation. Maybe to one of my productions overseas.
Nene: Overseas...!
Tsukasa: (Which means...)
Tsukasa: (This could be a first step toward the world stage...!)
Sakaki: So break a leg, won't you?
Workshop Host: The full details of the contest will be posted to the ArcLand website tomorrow at noon, so please be sure to check them out.
Workshop Host: Once again, thank you all for your participation. We look forward to your future endeavors.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Tsukasa: Everyone!
Tsukasa: I know this is sudden, right after the workshop, but I have a matter to discuss with you! It concerns—
Nene: The contest, right?
Tsukasa: Hm! W-Well, yes—
Emu: Of course we're entering, right, Tsukasa?!
Tsukasa: Huh?! O-Of course we are! This is a chance to step onto the world stage, and—
Rui: And it would be a shame to let it pass us by. Is that about right?
Tsukasa: Let... Let...
Tsukasa: Let me finish a sentence!!! You're hardly leaving any lines for me!!!
Rui: Hehe, apologies.
Rui: I'm just as happy as you are to have received this opportunity, after all, and I couldn't help myself.
Nene: Same. It sounds like a great chance to see just what we can do now.
Nene: And if everything goes well, it could even bring us closer to our dreams. There's no way we could pass this up.
Emu: Yeah! I really, really want to learn how things work behind the scenes for such a big theatre, too!
Emu: Let's win the contest and take a flying leap toward our dreams!
Tsukasa: Honestly... I'm certainly in no position to talk, but I don't know if this is bravery or recklessness...
Tsukasa: But that's the spirit! I can see we're all motivated!
Tsukasa: In that case, I have nothing further to say!
Tsukasa: Wonderlands×Showtime! We're going to enter that contest... And we're going to win!
Nene, Emu & Rui: Yeah!!
(Black cut)
