178-6 Making a Connection

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: What brings you all here? I thought we had individual practice tonight...
Nene: Yeah. Rui and I were both practicing at home, but then...
Nene: Emu contacted me.
Tsukasa: She did?
Emu: Yeah! You see...
Emu: Today, when I saw you talking with Asahi, you looked all scrunched up somehow.
Emu: I thought, “That has to mean Tsukasa feels like he has to work super hard for this.”
Emu: So I talked about it with Nene on the phone, and she said she and Rui had been talking about the same exact thing on their way back home.
Rui: We wondered if there might be anything we could do to help you. And just as we met up to discuss...
Rui: It turned out a certain someone had gotten here first.
Tsukasa: Honestly... You all never fail to read me like a book.
Nene: Well, we have known each other for a pretty long time at this point.
Emu: Tsukasa!
Emu: I'll do anything I have to!
Tsukasa: Th-That's a big promise to make...
Nene: Yeah, “anything” is a pretty strong word...
Nene: But if you need a sounding board, just tell me. You always do it for me, after all.
Rui: Indeed. Though, we may be letting our selfish hopes get in your way.
Rui: If you want to see this through with only your own strength to rely on, then we have full faith in you to do so.
Tsukasa: Nene, Rui...
Rui: We just want you to remember. You can ask anything of us, and we will do it.
Emu: Yeah!
Emu: After all, we want to see your dream come true just as much as we each want to see our own!
Tsukasa: (I can only watch as Asahi continues along the path ahead of me.)
Tsukasa: (My imagination, my range of expression... None of it holds a candle to him.)
Tsukasa: (But...)
Tsukasa: (I have them.)
Tsukasa: Thank you all!
Tsukasa: In that case, perhaps you can help me. This may take some time to go over. Is that alright?
Rui, Emu & Nene: Yes! Yeah!
(Black cut)
Rui: So you were troubled by the despair scene at the climax, as I thought.
Nene: It's a tricky thing. I can't really picture it very well myself, either...
Emu: Hmmm...! Despair... Despair, huh...
Emu: *Sob*
Tsukasa: W-What's wrong, Emu?!
Emu: I tried imagining what it'd be like if Phoenix Wonderland closed down, and it made me so sad...!
Nene: Right... It's very precious to you, after all.
Nene: Don't push yourself too hard, Emu. This is a pretty unpleasant exercise.
Emu: Yeah...
Rui: It may be difficult to bear... But “losing something precious to you” might be a worthwhile angle to approach this from.
Tsukasa: The problem is, as I said, what's most precious to me is my dream...
Tsukasa: And I can't picture myself losing it... I'm just going in circles.
Emu: I wonder how Asahi did it?
Nene: Oh, that's a good question. Maybe if we asked him...
Rui: I doubt Asahi's understanding of despair would be of much help to us.
Rui: He's experienced an actual conflict, after all.
Tsukasa: ...!
Nene: Oh... Right. You're right...
Tsukasa: He's talked about it before. His family was caught up in a conflict, and he was separated from his parents...
Tsukasa: (When I think about it that way, perhaps Prince Blesse and Asahi are similar.)
Tsukasa: (Though touched by despair, they still wish to see peace and smiles on people's faces...)
Tsukasa: Hm?
Miku (WxS): Huh? What is it, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Oh, just... I feel close to making a connection...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Asahi: “No matter what I do, humanity will still hate. Countries will still wage war.”
(White cut)
(Background change)
Host: “The conflict ignited by last week's military invasion has had a severe impact on the region.”
(White cut)
Tsukasa: (Everyday life ends just like that, and smiles and laughter vanish...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: I see...
Tsukasa: This might work...
Nene: What? Did you figure something out?
Tsukasa: Yes.
Tsukasa: Thanks to you all, I've found the clue I needed.
Tsukasa: I've found my despair. And how to picture it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Six weeks later]

[Center Theatre]

Asahi: Let's see, Wonderlands×Showtime should be sitting over...
Asahi: Ah, there you are! Hey, you guys!
Tsukasa: Asahi! I'm very much looking forward to today.
Asahi: Yeah, me too! Let's all give it everything we've got!
Asahi: Although... I didn't expect you guys to end up performing last.
Tsukasa: Me neither. It was a shock when I saw the lot I'd drawn.
Tsukasa: And you'll be up just before us, as well.
Asahi: Yeah. Haha, it feels like fate, doesn't it?
Asahi: There are some pretty big names here today. Going last is a lot of pressure, but...
Asahi: Actually, never mind. I can see the confidence in you all.
Tsukasa: Yes.
Tsukasa: Thanks to my friends, I've come to understand what despair means to me.
Tsukasa: So... I feel confident I can give my best performance yet.
Asahi: I see! I'm looking forward to it already.
Staff Member: <Ladies and gentlemen, please take your seats. The show will begin momentarily.>
Asahi: Oh, sounds like it's starting.
Asahi: I'm glad we got a chance to talk! See you after everything!
Rui: Hehe. Your best performance yet, eh?
Nene: Now you've gone and said it, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Hm? So what if I have?
Emu: Hehehe♪ I love seeing Tsukasa all sharp and sparkly bright!
Tsukasa: But of course! I am Tsukasa Tenma, future star, after all.
Tsukasa: (My dream is to become a star who can make everyone smile with my shows...)
Tsukasa: (Having spent so long chasing that dream... It made preparing for this role all the more distressing.)
Tsukasa: (I've read books, watched footage, listened to talks... I've given myself nightmares from all the things I've imagined.)
Tsukasa: (However... That's exactly why I can say it for sure.)
Tsukasa: (That I am going to give the greatest performance I can.)
Tsukasa: (I will embody it... The “despair” that I have found!)
(Black cut)
