178-3 Joint Practice?!

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[A few days later]

[ArcLand - Practice Room]

Asahi: I know this was on short notice, so thanks again for agreeing to it.
Asahi: Everyone... We'll be practicing jointly from today on. Let's make the most of it!
Tsukasa: Of course!
Tsukasa: I was surprised to hear you'd be entering the contest too, Asahi.
Asahi: Haha! True, you wouldn't expect an ArcLand team to participate in an external-facing contest, huh?
Asahi: But the higher-ups apparently want this to be an opportunity for ArcLand's younger actors too.
Asahi: We've been told to show what we can do on a level playing field with other troupes. No relying on our more experienced coworkers at all.
Rui: I see. That does sound like it'll be a good experience.
Asahi: Yeah! And we're all excited to go head-to-head with actors and directors around our own age, with only our own skills!
Nene: I can imagine... It's exciting for me too, and it's bringing out my competitive spirit.
Emu: Yeah! Let's all compete to make the best shows we can!
Asahi: I hope we can all bring one another to greater heights. That's why I invited you to practice with us, after all.
Asahi: So let's all do our best! We won't let you beat us, though!
Tsukasa: Of course! We have no intention of losing, either!
ArcLand Cast Member A: Oh! Wonderlands×Showtime, you came! Good to see you all again!
ArcLand Cast Member B: I'm so glad we get to practice next to you! We'll be splitting up our programs, but we can stretch and do vocal warm-ups together!
Tsukasa: Ah...of course! Thank you for having us once again!
Asahi: Okay, everyone! Let's get stretching!
Emu, Nene & Rui: Right! Okaaay!
Tsukasa: (The invitation was a surprise... But we're lucky to have this opportunity.)
Tsukasa: (We'll be getting to watch our competitors from ArcLand up close... This ought to make for fine motivation.)
Tsukasa: I'll have to put in more effort than ever...!
(Black cut)

[One hour later]

Emu: I'm just sick of rice balls, okay?!
Rui: Okay, that seems like a good note to end the improv exercises on. Let's split up and start rehearsing, shall we?
Asahi: Understood. Let's say everything from this desk over will be us, and the other half will be you guys.
Tsukasa: Agreed! Until later, then!
Rui: Let's get right into it. Is everyone ready to start from the opening lines?
Emu: Yeah! Let's go, full power!
Nene: We have less than two months until the contest. We can't waste a single second.
Tsukasa: Right!
Tsukasa: (This may be a joint practice, but what I have to do hasn't changed.)
Tsukasa: (Take everything I've learned in our training, and embody my role fully!)
Tsukasa: Let's go!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: “Take my hand, Harte! Let's retire to our paradise of love, just the two of us!”
Nene: “H-Hey! Blesse?!”
Rui: Yes, this is shaping up well. I especially like how much of the stage you're utilizing, Tsukasa.
Rui: This show is meant to be enjoyable for all ages, so I'd always intended the acting to be somewhat overstated. You're doing exactly what I want you to.
Nene: Oh... In that case, am I maybe being too subdued?
Rui: Mm... You're not doing badly, but...
Rui: It might be something to keep in mind. Harte is somewhat withdrawn, so if your performance is too naturalistic, that big stage may swallow you up.
Nene: You're right... How about something like this?
Emu: Hmm, that still seems a little small.
Tsukasa: It might be best to consider me as a reference.
Tsukasa: The audience will see both Harte and Blesse on stage. We'll be compared no matter what. So for balance, you'll need to match me.
Tsukasa: The same applies for the speed of your movement. So move like me, but a little slower... Like this, maybe.
Nene: I see... Thanks, Tsukasa! I'll give it a try!
Tsukasa: Of course! Oh, right, Rui. About this line here...
Tsukasa: Harte criticizes Blesse and he snaps back at her, right? I've been playing it as a comedic moment and reacting instantly, but... This is an important scene for showing their differing mindsets.
Tsukasa: Rather than playing up Blesse's shock, I wonder if pausing for a moment might make it more impactful. What do you think?
Rui: Hmm... I intended this scene to be a lively back-and-forth, but... Could you play it out for me?
Tsukasa: Yes, of course. Nene, let's do it!
Nene: Okay! ...
Nene: “You scoundrel! You absolute, utter cad! You don't care for me at all anymore, do you?!”
Nene: “If you did, you wouldn't say 'later' and 'some other time' so easily!”
Tsukasa: “...”
Tsukasa: “I could say the same to you! Every time I come to see you, you're nowhere to be found! And you barely reply to my letters anymore!”
Nene: “W-Well, I...”
Rui: Yes, I see it. I was concerned a pause might lose the momentum, but that was very good.
Tsukasa: Really? Then let's go with this!
Tsukasa: (We're making good progress.)
Tsukasa: (The mindset of envisioning the character's life that I learned from Shunmeiza. The power to portray him with my whole body that I developed with Mikazukigumi. And the repertoire of techniques I gained at Morinomiya...)
Tsukasa: (The things I've gained make it easier for me to grasp and play my roles than ever before.)
Tsukasa: (And with the fact that we didn't lose soundly to the ArcLand cast during the workshop...)
Tsukasa: We are improving, for sure...!
???: Hehehe.
Tsukasa: Hm?
Emu: Asahi! What about your practice?
Asahi: We just paused for lunch break, actually. And then I saw you all performing an interesting scene.
Asahi: I have to say, Tsukasa! Your acting is so different now!
Tsukasa: What do you mean?
Asahi: You're moving differently, for one. You're more poised and focused. You know exactly what you need to do to portray your role.
Asahi: I don't know if you know him, but I'm reminded of Mr. Kijima from Mikazukigumi.
Tsukasa: Huh?!
Tsukasa: Asahi... You know Mr. Kijima?
Asahi: Yes, we worked together a little while back.
Asahi: Wait, did you actually train with him?
Tsukasa: Yes! We spent some time with Mikazukigumi, actually.
Asahi: I see! That explains why you reminded me of him.
Asahi: Then... By chance, did you visit Shunmeiza too?
Rui: We did... But how could you tell?
Asahi: Hahaha, just a feeling. When I saw Tsukasa and Nene getting into character, the way they focused reminded me of Bakuno.
Nene: J-Just from that?!
Tsukasa: (To think he could tell that much just from a look...)
Tsukasa: (Asahi never fails to impress. It's proof of the breadth of things he's studied and experienced in his life.)
Tsukasa: (Wait... That's it!)
Tsukasa: Asahi! This is only if you have the time, but...
Tsukasa: Could I ask you how you, personally, would play my role of Prince Blesse?
Asahi: Oh? Hm, I wonder... Can I have a look at the script?
Tsukasa: Yes, here!
Asahi: Thanks! Can I have ten minutes or so?
Tsukasa: Of course! Thank you for taking the time.
Tsukasa: (I've been refining my own approach as best I can through trial and error. But, that scene...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: “None of this matters.”
Tsukasa: “No matter what I do, humanity will still hate. Countries will still wage war.”
Tsukasa: “No matter how much we wrack our brains, no matter what we try to accomplish... Nothing ever changes.”
Tsukasa: “It's all meaningless.”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (It's the lowest point in the entire story.)
Tsukasa: (I know I haven't yet reached the true essence of the despair Blesse feels in that moment.)
Tsukasa: (But hearing how Asahi would approach Blesse should be a good reference point for me.)
(Black cut)
Asahi: Mhm. It's a little slapdash, but I've got the idea!
Tsukasa: Really? Then, if I could ask how you'd approach it...
Asahi: Sure. Let's see... Um...
Asahi: Uh... Actually, I don't know if I'd get it across just by telling you...
Asahi: Would it be alright if I played it out real quick?
Tsukasa: Huh?
(Black cut)
