1_Ichika Hoshino_R1 Distant Yet Caring

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Ichika: What a nice breeze...
Ichika: The flowers are swaying like they're enjoying it too.
Saki: Oh, there you are, Ichi!
Ichika: Saki, is something the matter?
Saki: I couldn't find you in the classroom, so I was wondering where you'd gone to.
Ichika: Ah! Hold it, Saki! Stop where you are!
Saki: Huh? Um, okay!
Ichika: Sorry for raising my voice all of a sudden. It's just, there's a flower over there, so...
Saki: Oh, you're right! I didn't notice it at all. Thanks for letting me know.
Saki: I almost didn't manage to avoid it... Wait! I stepped on a little bit of the leaves!
Saki: Wh-What's going to happen now? Will this flower wither and die?!
Ichika: Um... Ah, this shouldn't be a problem. This species of flower is pretty tough.
Saki: Really? Phew... What a relief.
Saki: Also, why am I not surprised that you know so much about flowers?
Ichika: I know about it because it's a common flower, that's all.
Saki: But it's not just this flower. You also know a lot about many other flowers too, right?
Saki: I remember you used to teach me many things about them,
Ichika: Yes... I did, didn't I?
Saki: Yep! When I was in the hospital, or bedridden at home, you'd always come visit with flowers and then tell me many different things about them!
Ichika: Well, that sure brings back memories.
Ichika: I couldn't get anything grand, so I would pick just one after looking up its symbolism.
Ichika: Hehe, going to the florist was so fun. I was still in elementary school then, so the shop staff would sometimes give me a discount.
Saki: I'm so sure it was because of your flowers that I was able to recover and get discharged!
Ichika: Come on, Saki... That's an exaggeration.
Saki: Hehe. Actually, I've been pressing those flowers you gave me and keeping them.
Ichika: Really?
Saki: Whenever things get tough, I'd look at those flowers and it's like all my bad feelings get sucked away, you know?
Ichika: Saki...
Saki: Ah, speaking of which, I remember you once brought a morning glory that you'd planted in school too!
Ichika: Yes. And I had no idea it was unlucky to visit someone with a potted flower, which was exactly what I had brought...
Saki: I can still clearly remember the shocked look on the nurse's face back then!
Saki: But we also planted a morning glory flower bed in the garden at my home, along with Shiho and Hona, using the seeds from that flower, didn't we?
Ichika: Yeah. All of us went to your house to do that, and we also went back to check on the flowers too.
Saki: Yeah! But because I didn't manage to water the flowers for about a week...
Ichika: It can't be helped since you weren't feeling well.
Saki: But the morning glories became all droopy because of that...
Ichika: You were really depressed about it, so the three of us tried our best to take care of the flowers on our own.
Saki: Yeah! I was so surprised to see them doing so well when I went out to the garden one day after a long time!
Saki: I asked mom about it, and she told me the three of you had been taking care of them. I was so touched I broke into tears right there in the garden!
Saki: Hehe, it's a precious memory of mine.
Saki: Will we be able to play together like that again someday?
Ichika: Well...
Saki: I know! We just have to try, right? Maybe we should talk to Hona and Shiho after school today?
Ichika: Yes, let's try that.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Ichika: Hm...
Ichika: (Lunch break will be over in fifteen minutes? Time passes so quickly whenever I'm listening to Miku's songs.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): It's good to finally meet you in person, Ichika!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (I hope I can see that Miku again—)
Saki: Ichi, what're you listening to?
Ichika: Oh, Saki... And Kiritani?
Ichika: (She always goes to the rooftop to take her lunch break. It's unusual to see her in the classroom at this time.)
Haruka: I'm sorry for interrupting you.
Ichika: No, it's okay. I'm always listening to these songs, anyway.
Saki: That means you're listening to Miku's songs?
Ichika: Huh? Yes, I am?
Saki: So the thing is, Haruka here's kinda curious about Miku!
Haruka: I recently met Miku—I mean, watched some of her videos, and got a little bit curious about her.
Haruka: When I was talking about it with Tenma, she let me know that you're very familiar with Miku.
Haruka: So, if you don't mind, could you tell me more about her?
Ichika: Oh, sure. I don't mind at all. What videos did you watch?
Haruka: The genre is idol songs. She was singing on this really large stage.
Haruka: It was almost as if she was really there.
Ichika: So a song from one of her virtual shows?
Ichika: That's quite a well-known song. Let me find it for you.
Haruka: Thank you, Hoshino.
Haruka: Do you also attend these virtual shows?
Ichika: Yes, sometimes.
Haruka: And does she start talking to you like a real pers...
Haruka: Uh, nevermind. Are there any other songs of hers that you would recommend?
Ichika: I have lots.
Ichika: For idol songs, you can try this...and also this.
Haruka: Oh, what an adorable song.
Ichika: She does cover songs too. This one's pretty popular.
Haruka: Ah, I know the original version of this song. Hehe, it feels completely different when Miku sings it.
Ichika: There's also this.
Haruka: Huh? Miku can sing like this too?
Haruka: She's really amazing.
Haruka: Hm...
Ichika: Kiritani?
Haruka: Ah, sorry. It's nothing.
Haruka: Thanks for your help. This will be very useful. Let me know again if you have any other recommendations, okay?
Saki: Do you think that helped with her problem?
Ichika: Saki? Did something happen to Kiritani?
Saki: Well, I'm not sure, but she seemed troubled about something, so I went up to talk to her, and the topic just drifted to Miku.
Saki: So I thought, maybe she wouldn't feel so troubled anymore if you could tell her more about Miku.
Ichika: And that's why you brought her to me.
Saki: Yeah, I just hope she got the help she needed.
Ichika: I'm sure she'll be fine. If you sense that she's feeling troubled again, we'll go talk to her together, okay?
Saki: Okay. Also, something's been bothering me... Did you hear Haruka say she recently met Miku, then corrected herself?
Ichika: Yes... I was wondering about that too.
Saki: Do you think it's possible that she did meet Miku, the same way we did?
Ichika: Surely not...
Saki: Yeah, you're probably right.
Saki: Anyway. I wanna listen to the songs that Haruka was listening to just now too!
Ichika: Okay, got it. Give me a minute.
(Black cut)
