2_Ichika Hoshino_R2 Leo/need

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Ichika: Sigh...
Ichika: (Classes are really dragging on today... We finally have a band going, so I'd rather be practicing.)
Ichika: (English class is so boring...)
Saki: I have a question!
Ichika: (That's Saki...)
Saki: Could you tell me what this word here means?
Teacher: It depends on the context. Here it would be...
Saki: Oh, I get it now! Thank you!
Ichika: (She seems to be genuinely enjoying the lesson.)
Ichika: (I wish I could have as much fun at school as Saki...)
Ichika: (But it's not like wishing for it will change anything. It only makes me feel more frustrated.)
Ichika: (Maybe I should express my feelings through a song.)
Ichika: (I'll give it a try.)
(Black cut)
Saki: (Great! I finally caught up with the rest of the class!)
Saki: (I can go to our rehearsal with a clear conscience today, without feeling bad about having fun when I should be studying... Huh?)
Saki: (Ichi's furiously writing something in her notebook. She seemed to be spacing out until just a moment ago?)
Saki: (But it doesn't look like she's copying from the blackboard.)
Saki: (Is she doodling? Nah, she's too focused on whatever it is.)
Saki: (Hmm, I think I know what she's up to!)
(Black cut)
Teacher: Okay, class. That's it for today.
Ichika: (Alright... I got the rough idea down on paper.)
Ichika: (Now it just needs some polishing. I'll have to think of words which express my feelings more accurately.)
Saki: Hah, I knew it! You were writing song lyrics!
Ichika: Whoa! What on earth, Saki?!
Saki: I saw you scribbling something in class, and you had this focused look in your eyes, so I guessed it was a song you were writing. Teehee, bingo!
Saki: Show me what you wrote! What is it about?
Ichika: You can read it but... Don't laugh, okay?
Saki: I wouldn't!
Saki: What have we got here... The unbearable ennui of English?
Ichika: Uh, don't read it out loud!
Saki: Clock hands, don't be sluggish, make it finish... Aah, I see you went for a rhyme there?
Ichika: That's enough!
Saki: Hey, don't hide your notes! I'm not done reading!
Ichika: Not my problem! You've seen enough!
Saki: Why are you being like that? We might perform this song with our band one day. Who knows. Don't be shy!
Ichika: Forget it! This is just a draft. I'll show you the finished version once it's ready.
Ichika: So just drop it for now, okay?
Saki: Have it your way... Don't keep me waiting too long for the good-to-go version!
Ichika: Sigh...
Saki: You know what...
Saki: Curiosity's killing me right now! I HAVE to read it! Gimme!
Ichika: Hands off it, Saki!
Saki: Where were we? Gazing out the window with melancholy...
Ichika: Not out loud, Saki!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Saki: School was great today! I can't wait for tomorrow♪
Ichika: You really like school, you weirdo.
Saki: What's not to like about spending the day with my friends!
Honami: Hehe. It's nice that we're all going to the same school.
Saki: Yeah! I missed it so much, I'm just loving every day of it♪
Ichika: I guess I'm having more fun too now that you're back.
Ichika: And we can always talk about band stuff, and ask for advice with anything that didn't go so well when rehearsing.
Honami: Oh? Ichika, are you having some problems you want to discuss?
Ichika: Not at the moment, but there's something else I've been thinking about...
Ichika: Shiho, is there any way we can practice without our instruments?
Ichika: Sometimes I want to go over a song when I have some time before a class, but obviously I don't have my guitar with me.
Shiho: I often imagine playing while listening to songs. Other than that, I do finger exercises.
Saki: You do what?
Honami: She practices the finger movements for playing.
Saki: Ah, that rings a bell, actually! I had to do that for my piano lessons too.
Ichika: I remember seeing this scene in my dad's band manga where one artist was using a packet of cigarettes to exercise his fingers.
Shiho: Using a small box can work, but not a cig box.
Honami: That'd get us in trouble at school.
Shiho: As long as it's about the same width as a guitar fret, any box is fine for that.
Saki: Let's see if we can find one for Ichi, so that she can practice with it!
Ichika: What, now? People may have other stuff to do, Saki...
Honami: I'm free. I was just going to go back home after school.
Shiho: Same, I don't have work today. Besides, I know how frustrating it is when you want to practice so bad but don't have the kit.
Ichika: Thanks, guys.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Saki: So... We've been to the convenience store, and the drugstore...
Honami: And we picked up some boxes from the discount store, too. I think we have a pretty good assortment?
Saki: Yeah. Pick the box you think's the best from your haul! Mine's this, a fancy chocolate bar box!
Ichika: Mine's the bandage box.
Honami: The gummies box for me.
Shiho: Everyone went for something different. I think this candy box is best.
Shiho: Why don't we have Ichika try all of them out?
Ichika: Okay, except Saki's.
Saki: Whaaat?! Why's mine no good?!
Ichika: The thickness is okay, but it's too wide.
Honami: Oh... I think mine will be too thick.
Ichika: None of the boxes is just right.
Ichika: The one I picked isn't perfect either.
Shiho: Mine's about the same size as yours.
Saki: In that case we have no choice but to resort to...DIY!
Ichika: Are we going to...build a box?
Saki: You said the chocolate box was the right thickness, but it was too wide, right?
Saki: So we just need to cut it to the right size!
Shiho: Oh, you mean like doing it yourself.
Saki: DIY!
Honami: Well, if you want to call it that.
Ichika: I think she just likes the sound of it.
Saki: Let's go to my house!
Saki: We can share this chocolate bar, and then we use the empty box to make a tool for Ichi to practice her fingering!
Ichika: Hehe, okay. Thank you for doing this for me.
(Black cut)
