3_Ichika Hoshino_R3 Beyond The Sky

Gacha phrase: Miku is so amazing...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Ichika: Saki, are you sure you've recovered from your cold?
Saki: Of course I have! My fever's gone down already, and I even rested for longer than usual just in case. I'll be fine.
Ichika: Right. But don't ever overwork yourself like that again. After all, we're finally in a band together with Shiho now.
Saki: Yes! I know that.
Saki: I'm really so glad that we found out why Shiho had been keeping her distance all this time.
Ichika: Yes...
Ichika: Thank you, Saki.
Saki: Huh? What's this all of a sudden?
Ichika: I'm just grateful because you made all this happen.
Ichika: Coming back to school, saying you wanted to form a band...
Saki: Well, I was the one to bring it up, yes...
Saki: But if you hadn't agreed to it in the first place, we wouldn't even be here talking about being in a band with Shiho at all, right?
Ichika: Um... I didn't do anything...
Saki: You absolutely helped! So thank you from me too, Ichi!
Saki: Thank you for agreeing to start a band together with me!
Ichika: Ah... You're welcome.
Ichika: It's...kind of embarrassing to be thanked so directly.
Saki: Haha!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Saki: Hey, look at that, Ichi! It's Miku!
Miku (Ln): ——♪ ——♪
Ichika: (That music video is the same one I saw on the day I had that dream...)
Saki: When you look at Miku in our world here...
Saki: It makes that SEKAI place we went to seem even more mysterious, doesn't it?
Ichika: Yes. That place is certainly full of mysteries.
Ichika: The song Untitled appeared in our smartphones suddenly, and playing or stopping the song allows us to travel to and back from that world freely.
Saki: Yup! Then we got to meet Miku and Luka there, and they're even in a band together!
Saki: And then if we find our true feelings, those feelings may give birth to a song or something...
Ichika: Yes. Miku did say that.
Saki: Can you believe we were just having band practice there together with Shiho?
Saki: I definitely never imagined a high school life like this when I was still in the hospital!
Ichika: Hehe. Who would?
Ichika: (Back then, I could only watch Miku and think about how amazing it was that she could sing anything...)
Ichika: (But... I feel like things are different now.)
Saki: Hehe...
Ichika: Saki? Why the sudden smirk?
Saki: Because you were smiling.
Ichika: Huh? But it's not like I never smile or anything...
Saki: Yes, but it's not about the smile.
Saki: You seem to be really happy about something, that's why.
Ichika: Oh...
Ichika: Yes, you may be right...
Ichika: (I used to not have anything I wanted to do or work hard for. Days rolled by without much purpose for me...)
Ichika: (But now...I want to help Saki do what she wants.)
Ichika: (And then maybe one day, even Honami will...)
Saki: Ichi, the signal turned green. Let's go!
Ichika: Okay.
Ichika: (It must be because of Saki, Miku, and Luka that things are starting to be put into motion.)
Ichika: (Is there anything I can do too? For Saki, Shiho, and Honami...)
Ichika: (I can't think of anything right now, except...)
Ichika: Saki.
Saki: Hm?
Ichika: I'll be giving my all to the band.
Saki: Hehe. Well, that's what I'll be doing too!
Ichika: Yeah.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[Main Street]

Ichika: ...
Saki: Heh heh heh. So this is where Ichi works, then?
Honami: Yes, but...are we really going to do this?
Shiho: After we've already tailed her all the way here?
Honami: Hehe. You have a point.
Saki: What are we waiting for? Let's go♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: Phew... Everyone, thanks for waiting.
Saki: Ichi, are you tired?
Ichika: Yes, today was actually pretty tiring... Or should I say, surprising.
Ichika: When I saw you three coming over with those smug grins on your faces when I took over the cash register...
Honami: Sorry for not telling you in advance. We decided to make it a surprise visit after some discussion.
Saki: Yeah! I've always wanted to see what your workplace looked like.
Shiho: It's just so hard to imagine you serving customers.
Shiho: And when we tried to order a smile to go along with, you completely ignored us too.
Ichika: Nobody makes an order like that anymore these days...
Saki: But I really wanted a smile from you! Pretty please with a cherry on top?
Ichika: I don't take orders outside working hours.
Saki: Come on!
Ichika: Let's put all of that aside and go meet Miku and Luka like we promised, okay?
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Hello, Miku and Luka.
Miku (Ln): Oh, all of you came together.
Luka: Welcome, everyone.
Saki: Thanks! Oh, and there's something we'd like you to know.
Miku (Ln): What is it?
Saki: We've decided to continue playing in a band together.
Miku (Ln): Really?
Honami: Yes. We already have a name for our band too!
Miku (Ln): Fantastic! What's your band name then?
Ichika: It's Leo/need. We based it on the Leonids meteor shower that we saw together in the past.
Miku (Ln): Leo/need...
Luka: What a lovely name.
Miku (Ln): Yes. It's very cool!
Luka: But why is there a slash in the middle?
Saki: Oh, that's because...
Ichika: Hey, Miku?
Miku (Ln): Yes?
Ichika: I fully intend to give this band my all.
Ichika: I want to make lots of great memories with everyone and enjoy our time in high school together.
Miku (Ln): Super! You have my full support.
Miku (Ln): This SEKAI, Luka, and myself...we share the same feelings as you. So feel free to come any time you want and turn to us for any help at all.
Ichika: Miku...
Miku (Ln): I'm like your senior classman here, after all.
Ichika: Okay. Thank you.
Saki: Ichi, Miku, let's get ready for practice!
Miku (Ln): Looks like we're wanted. Well then, let's have some fun together today too, Ichika!
Ichika: Yes. Thank you, Miku!
(Black cut)
