4_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Words Before Dawn

Gacha phrase: Thank you for listening, Miku.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Ichika: When did it get this late? I need to get to work.
Saki: Oh, me too! I guess we lost track of the time!
Honami: You're right. Shall we call it a day, then?
Shiho: Yeah. I'm this way.
Ichika: See you all tomorrow.
Saki: Hehehe...
Honami: What is it, Saki? What's so funny?
Saki: Oh, nothing. It just makes me really happy that we're all talking again like we used to!
Ichika: Yeah, you're right.
Saki: None of us work tomorrow, so let's all get together for some band practice!
Honami: Sure. I'll bring some snacks.
Shiho: You're going to bring apple pies again, aren't you? You really do never get tired of those things.
Honami: Yeah... But even you said you thought they were good, didn't you?
Shiho: They are, but you're also the one who said you were worried about gaining weight not too long ago.
Honami: Urgh...
Saki: Come on, Shiho! That's enough! I'm looking forward to having an apple pie, Hona! See you tomorrow, then!
Ichika: See ya.
Ichika: (I'm glad we're all speaking again. It's almost like things never changed. Every day is so much fun.)
Ichika: (But still... I can't get rid of this strange feeling...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichika's Room]

Ichika: I can't sleep...
Ichika: (I keep thinking about that feeling I had earlier today.)
Ichika: (Why is it bothering me so much? Maybe I should talk to somebody about it. But who...?)
Ichika: Oh, I know. Maybe Miku can help me.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Hello, Ichika.
Ichika: Sorry for showing up out of the blue, Miku. Were you busy?
Miku (Ln): No, I'm always happy to see you.
Miku (Ln): So, what's up? You look like something's bothering you.
Ichika: Well, actually... I'm not quite sure how to explain it.
Ichika: Something just feels off, but I can't put my finger on it. I'd like to get rid of it, but I'm not even really sure what it is...
Miku (Ln): I see...
Miku (Ln): Hey, you want to do a quick jam session?
Ichika: Huh?
Miku (Ln): Sometimes playing some music can help clear up any troublesome feelings that you can't quite put into words. What do you say?
Ichika: Sure!
Miku (Ln): How about this song then?
Ichika: Oh, I know this one. It's a bit sad, but it's such a beautiful ballad.
Miku (Ln): Yeah. Happy songs can be good when your spirits are low, but I get the feeling this might be better for you right now.
Miku (Ln): Here, grab your guitar and I'll teach you the chords.
Ichika: Okay.
(Black cut)
Ichika: Phew!
Miku (Ln): That was great. I think you've got it.
Ichika: Thanks. You're a great teacher, Miku.
Ichika: I am feeling a bit better, too. I wonder if it's because I was working so hard.
Miku (Ln): I'm glad to hear that. I thought that might help.
Ichika: Yeah, I don't feel quite so anxious any... Oh...
Ichika: I guess I must have been worried.
Miku (Ln): Worried?
Ichika: Yeah...
Miku (Ln): About what?
Ichika: I was afraid. I'm really happy to be talking with everyone like we used to, but I think I got scared imagining everything falling apart again.
Ichika: I'm sorry, Miku. I shouldn't be saying things like this right after you just helped us remember how much we all wanted to be together again.
Miku (Ln): There's nothing to be sorry about.
Miku (Ln): It's only natural to be worried about losing something so precious to you.
Ichika: Yeah, I guess you're probably right.
Ichika: You really are amazing, Miku.
Miku (Ln): Hm?
Ichika: You're always helping me confront feelings that I didn't even know I had myself.
Ichika: It's almost like you can see right through anything.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. At the very least, I am your mentor when it comes to playing in a band.
Miku (Ln): So don't ever hesitate to ask for help.
Ichika: Right!
Ichika: Thanks for today, Miku. Good night.
Miku (Ln): Of course. Good night, Ichika.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Hello, Miku. Luka.
Luka: Oh, hello.
Miku (Ln): We've been expecting you. Where are the others?
Ichika: It's just me today.
Miku (Ln): Oh, I see. How has band practice been going?
Ichika: It's going great. Though we've been pretty busy with school lately.
Ichika: That's actually why I came. I wanted to let you know we're probably not going to have much time to visit for a while.
Luka: I see. We'll miss you guys, but school is important.
Miku (Ln): Make sure to come see us once your schedules open up again.
Ichika: Of course. Well, I'll see you two later.
Luka: What do you think?
Miku (Ln): I wonder if something happened.
Luka: It didn't feel like it, but I'm still a little worried.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Ichika: I'm back!
Honami: Welcome back, Ichika!
Saki: How'd it go? Did they suspect anything?
Ichika: I don't think so. I just told them we're going to be really busy for a while.
Shiho: We shouldn't have anything to worry about, then.
Saki: Alright! Let's use the time to improve so we can really surprise them!
Honami: We can't keep forcing Miku and Luka to take the lead during our sessions like last time.
Ichika: Yeah. Next time, I'd like to perform for them instead.
Ichika: I want to show them how good we've become thanks to all their help and support!
Saki: Yeah! I can't wait to surprise them with a great performance of our own!
Shiho: Let's get to it, then. Get ready for some tough practices.
Ichika, Saki, & Honami: Right!
(Black cut)

[Two weeks later]

Saki: Hm... We've more or less got the hang of these songs...
Ichika: But I feel like we're still missing something.
Honami: I agree. Something just feels off.
Shiho: Yeah, but what exactly?
Ichika: I'm not sure. All I know is it doesn't have that same feeling of completeness as the time we performed with Miku and Luka.
Saki: Hm...
Saki: Do you think we should play for them and get some advice?
Ichika: What? Wouldn't that defeat the whole surprise?
Saki: I don't think so. We'll still be showing them all the work we've been putting in!
Saki: And this way, we can get an honest assessment of whatever it is we're missing. That's how we improve!
Honami: She's right. I think it's a good idea.
Shiho: I guess you're right. I would have liked to perfect it on our own, but that's probably not the best use of our time.
Ichika: Alright! Let's go show them what we can do!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: School SEKAI)
Ichika: Huff... Huff...
Saki: Wh-What did you think?
Miku (Ln): That was amazing! You're really improving!
Luka: Yes. That was wonderful.
Ichika: Really? Something still feels a little off, though.
Miku (Ln): I did sort of get that feeling. Still, it really was a great performance.
Miku (Ln): I only wish you'd come to practice with us. You could have improved even more.
Ichika: Oh! We actually realized we've been relying on you too much. We wanted to show you we could do it on our own as well.
Honami: Yeah, that's right.
Saki: But now we're stuck here and can't quite figure out what we're missing.
Shiho: Though I hate to admit it...
Ichika: Yeah... Miku, I realized something while the four of us were practicing. You and Luka always give us the best advice.
Ichika: I want to keep learning everything I can from you.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. You finally realized how important a mentor is?
Saki: Yeah! We sure did!
Ichika: Miku, Luka, would you mind practicing with us today?
Saki: You getting fired up again, Ichi?
Ichika: I think so.
Luka: Hehe. Does that mean you're going to start coming around for practices again? Miku's been pretty lonely without you around.
Miku (Ln): H-Hey! Luka!
Luka: Yes?
Shiho: We're all finished setting up. Let's do this.
Honami: I want to keep improving as well!
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Alright, shall we get started, then? Let's take it from the top.
Ichika: Right!
(Black cut)
