113_Ichika Hoshino_R2 Starry Steps (event_1)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Ichika's Room]

Ichika: Um, what time is today's practice session again... I still have a while.
Ichika: I'll just practice my part for now, then. Oh...
Ichika: (There are puddles outside. Must have been because of the rain that fell before I went to bed.)
Ichika: Rain...
Ichika: (This reminds me of Saki when she was still in hospital.)
Ichika: (She always stared sadly outside the window when it rained. But once she noticed me, she'd then smile so brightly.)
Ichika: (I'm really so happy Saki recovered from that.)
Ichika: Ah, I wonder if the florist along the way to the hospital is still around?
Ichika: (I always passed by that shop when going to visit her, so I often bought flowers from them...)
Ichika: (But I haven't been there since Saki was transferred to a regional hospital during junior high.)
Ichika: Since I have some time before practice starts... Maybe I'll just drop by to take a look.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Ichika: Found it! Hehe... It hasn't changed at all.
Ichika: (Maybe the florist lady is still around...)
Florist Lady: Are you looking for flowers? Please step inside. We have many more different types of... Hm?
Florist Lady: Is that... Is that you, Ichika?
Ichika: Ah... You remember me?
Florist Lady: Of course I do! But you were just a little elementary school kid back then, weren't you?
Ichika: Yes. I'm in high school now.
Florist Lady: Well! You've really grown up. I always knew you were keeping well somewhere out there.
Florist Lady: Anyway, how can I help you today? Are you here to get flowers for another hospital visit?
Ichika: No, I'm just passing by today.
Ichika: Also, the friend I used to visit has recovered, and we're attending the same high school now.
Florist Lady: That's excellent news!
Florist Lady: I was actually quite concerned about the friend you were visiting, and whether she would be okay.
Ichika: You were?
Florist Lady: You visit her almost every day, remember? I thought her condition had to be quite bad for you to do that.
Florist Lady: So I'm glad to hear she's doing fine. She must have been really strong to beat her illness like that.
Ichika: Yes. I think so, too.
Ichika: I'm sorry, but can you make me a small little bouquet? Just like before?
Florist Lady: Of course I can. Hehe, and I'll even give you a discount. For old times' sake.
Ichika: But...
Florist Lady: Don't you worry about it. We haven't seen each other in so long, and I got to hear good news about your friend too. Wait here.
Ichika: Okay. Thank you.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Ah... You're already here, Saki.
Saki: Yeah. I wanted to practice by myself first.
Saki: Huh? What's that bag in your hand, Ichi?
Ichika: Hehe, does it look familiar?
Saki: Um, is that a flower logo? Oh! It's from that florist you always bought flowers from when you visited me!
Ichika: Correct. I bought some flowers there before coming here. It's been a long time, though.
Saki: Oh, this really brings back memories! Can I see them?
Ichika: Here. Oh, the lady at the florist shop gave me this yellow flower for free.
Ichika: She asked me to bring you to the shop one day, too.
Saki: I see...
Saki: You know, when I was in the hospital, I always looked forward to seeing what flowers you would bring.
Saki: They were always a little bit different from the previous ones, and every single one would be so pretty!
Ichika: Yeah.
Ichika: (I would choose the best flowers together with the florist lady so that they could make Saki smile.)
Saki: Ichi, I really want to visit that florist shop!
Ichika: Sure. Shall we go together with Honami and Shiho one day?
Saki: Sure!
Saki: Hey, why don't we put those flowers here as decorations?
Saki: Pretty sure they'd make Miku and Luka really glad, too!
Ichika: You're right. Let's bring along a vase or something to put the flowers in, then, next time.
Saki: Will do!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Saki: Is everyone ready? Alright, everyone, it's time for us to set off! Are you ready for this?
Ichika: You make it sound like we're going on some epic adventure. It's just a florist shop, you know?
Saki: But I've been looking forward to this day for so long♪ Hona and Shiho, you've both been there before, right?
Honami: Yes. A few times before. Not as often as Ichika, of course.
Shiho: Yeah. Ichika was a regular customer there. And she would always be thinking about what flowers to bring next, too.
Ichika: Yes. Usually, I would just buy the flowers I already had my eye on...
Ichika: But I often included flowers recommended by the florist lady too.
Saki: Oh! I often hear you talk about her. She must be such a nice lady!
Ichika: She is. She regularly gave me discounts, too. I think it may have been her way of showing concern for me.
Saki: I see! Hehe, I can't wait to meet her.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Florist Lady: Oh my, is that Ichika? You're back for more flowers?
Ichika: Yes, it's me. Um, I brought my childhood friends along with me today.
Honami: Hello. Long time no see.
Shiho: Hello...
Florist Lady: My! It's been a while since I saw the both of you!
Honami: You remember us, too?
Florist Lady: Of course I do. And you've all grown so much in the short period of time we haven't met! Hm?
Saki: Oh, h-hello! My name is Saki Tenma.
Saki: Thank you for all those pretty flowers I've received! As you can see, I'm in the pink of health now♪
Florist Lady: Ah, so you were the one they got flowers for! I've been hoping to meet you one day.
Saki: Me too! The flowers Ichi brought during her visits were all so lovely. I always looked forward to receiving them!
Saki: Oh, please take a look at this!
Saki: These are pressed flowers I made from the ones I received!
Saki: Not all of them, though. I asked my mom to make them for me.
Florist Lady: My, my... I can tell you really cherished those flowers. Thank you, Saki.
Florist Lady: I'm so glad you've recovered from your illness. I know it couldn't have been easy.
Florist Lady: You really did well.
Saki: Hehe, thanks!
Saki: Oh, but it wasn't that bad at all!
Saki: I just kept thinking about the fun things I would do with my friends after I can go back to school again, and that would always put me in a good mood!
Ichika: (Saki...)
Florist Lady: Hehe. Well then, are you having fun now?
Saki: Yes! Every day feels very bright!
Ichika: Um, Ms. Florist?
Ichika: The next time I come, I'll be getting flowers for birthdays and other celebrations instead of for hospital visits.
Saki: Hey, that sounds great! I'll do that too!
Florist Lady: You're always welcome here.
Florist Lady: I'll even give you a discount the next time!
Saki: Really?! Did you all hear that? She's going to give us discounts!
Shiho: Yes, I heard the first time. Don't get carried away now.
Saki: I'm not getting carried away, nope!
Honami: Hehe.
Ichika: (Let's buy lots of flowers together from now on, Saki.)
(Black cut)
