157_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Smiling Once More (event_10)

Gacha phrase: Isn't that great, Honami?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Honami? You're by yourself?
Honami: Yes. Shiho said she'd be a little late.
Ichika: Oh, okay. Saki's on class duty today, she might be a little late too.
Honami: Alright. If that's the case, shall we start preparing?
Ichika: Yeah.
Ichika: By the way, Saki heard from Otori that your class threw a party the other day to celebrate winning gold. Is that true?
Honami: Well, sort of... All we did was bring drinks and snacks to class, but everyone was so chatty and excited.
Honami: It's really nice that we made some nice memories together.
Ichika: Yeah.
Ichika: You're really amazing, Honami...
Honami: I am...?
Ichika: I'm the representative for my class, but I'm not sure that I would've been able to do what you did given the situation.
Ichika: (And she must have been so scared that everyone might end up hating her, like what happened in junior high...)
Ichika: You thought seriously about everyone's opinions, faced them directly and clearly expressed your own thoughts.
Ichika: And then you guided your class towards a decision everyone could agree on. That's why I think you're so amazing.
Honami: Thank you, Ichika...
Honami: To be honest, I wasn't sure I'd be able to handle it either.
Honami: Even after I made the decision to tell the class what I thought, I couldn't sleep...
Honami: You should've seen how shaky my knees were when I was standing in front of everyone in class that day...
Ichika: Honami...
Honami: But I was only able to muster up enough courage because you, MEIKO and everyone else supported me.
Honami: Your encouragement convinced me that my classmates would really listen to me and that I could trust them.
Ichika: Yeah... Again, you're really amazing.
Honami: Really? I think you would've handled this problem much more gracefully than I did.
Ichika: Huh? What makes you think that?
Honami: Even when I was avoiding you during junior high, you never stopped trying, remember?
Ichika: Oh, I mean, uh... Nothing worked out in the end...
Honami: But that's because I didn't have the courage to tell you what had actually happened...
Honami: If I had, you would've stood by my side and supported me no matter what. I'm sure of it.
Honami: Just like that time when I was being bullied by a group of boys.
Ichika: Huh? When did that happen?
Honami: Don't you remember? We were in elementary school...
Honami: Some boys were teasing me in the courtyard, but then you ran and stood in between us with your arms wide open and stared them down...
Ichika: Oh, I remember now...
Ichika: They left in the end because Saki ran over and shouted at them to go away. I didn't really do anything special.
Honami: Hehe. But ever since you were little, you had these moments where you showed so much courage.
Ichika: Wait... You mean there's more?
Honami: Yes. Much more.
Honami: Let's see... There was that time you let Saki use your textbook as an umbrella because it started raining all of a sudden and didn't want her to catch a cold...
Ichika: Oh... I do remember that.
Ichika: I also remember my Mom being so mad at me for ruining it like that.
Honami: Oh, but if you remember that, maybe you remember that other time too!
Ichika: Um... What other time?
Honami: Hehe... You know, that time?
Ichika: Uhh... I need a hint!
Honami: Um... It was another time you did something completely unexpected, like using your textbook as an umbrella...
Ichika: Uh, on second thought... I'm not sure I actually want to know now...
Honami: Hehe. Now you're making me want to say it instead.
Ichika: Oh, Honami...
Ichika & Honami: Hehe!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: That was a great practice session, everyone!
Saki: Yeah! We've gotten a lot better at playing this song too!
Shiho: We have. And we should be able to do the whole thing tomorrow.
Honami: Okay, let's pack up and make sure we don't leave anything behind.
Ichika: Yeah.
Ichika: Oh, I almost forgot... Did you change the way you drum, Honami?
Honami: Huh?
Ichika: Your rhythm was impeccable as usual, but also... It was easier to follow than before, maybe...?
Saki: Hey, I thought the same thing too! It's has a different sort of aura to it now!
Shiho: Yeah. Like you know exactly what you want to do.
Miku (Ln): I felt the same way too. I could really tell that you were enjoying yourself a lot more, Honami.
Honami: Well... Now that the choir recital is all done, maybe I feel lighter and more free?
Shiho: But that's not the only thing, is it?
Ichika: Right. The effort you put in towards being able to talk to your classmates more honestly must have helped too.
Miku (Ln): That experience probably gave you a confidence boost, and improved your sound as a result.
Honami: Oh... Hehe. I really hope that's true!
Ichika: I'm sure it is.
Ichika: Confidence, huh...? Maybe I'll get the same boost if I try to overcome something I'm having trouble with too...
Saki: Then let's actually try it!
Ichika: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Diner]

Saki: We will now start Operation Talent Boost to improve how Ichi plays by helping her to overcome something she's having trouble with!
Ichika: Um... Why are you so excited about this, Saki?
Saki: Because I'm helping my dearest childhood friend♪
Ichika: Is that all...?
Ichika: (Well, as long as Saki's having fun...)
Saki: Alright. What are some things Ichi's having trouble with?!
Shiho: It has to be thrill rides or roller coasters. She was so scared that one time we went to Phoenix Wonderland and went on those rides when we were kids.
Saki: Hey, I remember that! That really brings back memories!
Ichika: Yeah, I remember too...
Saki: So if she overcomes her fears, we'll be able to go on lots of roller coaster rides... Wait, that's not the point...!
Saki: She's supposed to get a confidence boost and get better at playing!
Ichika: I'm not sure this will...
Honami: Let me see... Overcoming a fear of roller coasters... Search!
Ichika: What are you doing, Honami?
Honami: I'm trying to find articles that contain tips on overcoming a fear of roller coasters... Oh, here's one! Let's see...
Honami: Try to imagine how exciting the scenery will be, like the wind in your face or the sense of liberation you can get from screaming loudly...!
Ichika: But... I clung to the safety bar like my life depended on it last time and was too scared to even look up, so that might tough...
Saki: Oh, but what if...?
Saki: We're all kidnapped by some shady organization and you can't save us unless you overcome your fear of roller coasters!
Shiho: Where did you get that story from? It sounds like pure fantasy...
Saki: Aww... I thought it was a pretty good idea...!
Honami: Hehe. Wait! I just thought of a much easier way for you to overcome something you're having trouble with.
Honami: See, right here!
Ichika: Huh? This place's menu...?
(Black cut)
Honami: Your rice omelet is here!
Saki: Wow, that smells so nice! And it looks delicious...!
Shiho: Yeah, it's making me hungry too. But not Ichika from the looks of it...
Ichika: Because the rice underneath this omelet is full of green peas, right?
Ichika: I-I just can't stand green peas...
Shiho: You're trying to overcome something you're having trouble with, remember? If you'd rather do the roller coaster challenge, we'd be all for that too.
Ichika: Ugh... I mean...
Saki: Come on, Ichi! You can do it!
Ichika: You two just want to have fun at my expense...
Saki: What are you talking about? Anyway, here's your spoon...!
Ichika: Thanks... Fine. I'll eat it...
Ichika: Oh... Found them...
Saki: You shouldn't be looking for them! Just eat normally!
Ichika: More like they were looking for me. They stand out from the rice's ketchupy color...
Saki: In that case, I'll feed you so you don't have to look at them.
Ichika: No, thank you... I have a feeling you'll put way more green peas than is necessary into my mouth...
Saki: Aww... You're good, Ichi. You saw right through me! Then... Let's have Hona feed you!
Ichika: Well, Honami wouldn't do anything funny so...
Honami: Okay, allow me to do the honors. Ichika, open wide...
Ichika: Ah...
Ichika: ...
Ichika: Ugh... This texture... And the taste they leave behind... They're there... I'm eating them...
Shiho: Why are you savoring it when you hate them so much?
Honami: Ichika, have some water.
Ichika: Thank you, Honami! Gulp... Sigh... I was so sure I was going to die...
Saki: From green peas?!
Shiho: This is gonna take a while, isn't it?
Honami: Hehe. Then why don't we share it instead?
(Black cut)
