197_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Hoping For Clear Skies (event_18)

Gacha phrase: Wow. Just like that...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Okay, let's stop here for today.
Ichika: Phew... Great work...
Saki: Finally... Back to back days of this is so hard...
MEIKO: On the other hand, you've all been getting so much better. You can really tell just by listening!
MEIKO: You in particular, Ichika. Your singing's improved dramatically, hasn't it?
Ichika: Oh... It has?
Saki: Yup, she's right♪ When I hear you sing, Ichi, it gets me all fired up and motivated to play even better!
Honami: Me too!
MEIKO: Haha! You say you're tired, but it still sounds like you're ready for more!
MEIKO: But make sure not to overdo it, okay? It's important to take breaks too, especially since you're all in such a good mood.
Ichika: Taking a break... It is almost spring so...
Saki: Yeah! The cherry blossoms are all blooming, so we should go see them together!
Honami: Oh, that sounds lovely! I'll bring the food if we do go!
Saki: R-Really?! You hear that, Ichi, Shiho?! Not only are we gonna get to see some beautiful cherry blossoms together, we get to eat Hona's delicious cooking while we do!
Ichika: Hehe. We heard.
Ichika: Cherry blossoms, huh...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (The ones from that park were in full bloom too. I can't wait...)
Ichika: (Oh, but...)
Ichika: What about you, Shiho...?
Ichika: (She's been spending all of her time working with us and helping us improve. It feels like she hardly has any personal time anymore...)
Shiho: I...
Saki: Please, Shiho! We only have morning practice that day, so we can go then!
Shiho: Yeah, that's true...
Honami: Wait, Saki... The weather forecast said that it might rain then...
Ichika: Rain? Then how about next week...?
Saki: No, we'll be fine♪
Ichika: Huh?
Saki: What if we do this, Shiho? If it isn't raining that day, we go see the cherry blossoms right after practice!
Shiho: Okay, that works. Oh, but don't blame me if it starts raining.
Saki: I won't! But promise me too, okay♪
MEIKO: Would it be alright if I talked to Miku and Luka about this too?
Saki: Do you wanna come see them with us?
MEIKO: I'd love to!
Saki: Yeah, of course! Hehe. All of us together♪ It's gonna be so much fun!
Ichika: Yes, it should be.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Saki: Humhumhum♪ Cherry blossoms, cherry blossoms♪
Ichika: Say, Saki... Are you sure about only going to see them if it isn't raining...?
Ichika: It really could rain, so we could've just moved it back until next week, no?
Saki: That may be true, but what if they're all gone by then? If we're gonna go see them, why not while they're in full bloom?
Saki: And we'll definitely be able to go! I even know the perfect way to make sure it'll be sunny♪
Ichika: The perfect way?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Ta-daa! Here it is!
Ichika: So many pieces of cloth... What do you plan on doing?
Saki: These are all leftovers from when Tsukasa made costumes and props and stuff! Aren't they great? They're so shiny and sparkly!
Ichika: That's true, but what does this have to do with making sure it'll be sunny...?
Saki: Heh heh heh... First, we take one of the white pieces of cloth, round it up into a ball...
Saki: Take one of the sparkly cloths to cover it up and...! Ta-da! Your very own lucky weather charm♪ You can even tie a cute, little ribbon onto it too!
Ichika: Umm...
Saki: Wait, don't tell me you forgot? The four of us made these in elementary school to make sure it'd be sunny for an outing we really wanted to go on!
Saki: So as long as we all make them, it'll be sunny for sure!
Saki: So here...! Your turn, Ichi♪
Ichika: Um, is this any different from just praying for good weather?
Saki: No, don't say that! These mean way more than just some words and they physically represent our wishes!
Ichika: Okay, I guess that's a nicer way to put it.
Ichika: (But rain or shine, how will things turn out...?)
Ichika: (What does Shiho actually want to do...?)
Saki: Ichi, which cloths do you want to use?
Ichika: Hmm... I'll try the sparkly blue one. It's like the night sky in SEKAI.
Saki: Oh, that's a good choice!
Saki: I also have a bunch of buttons that we can use as eyes too!
Ichika: Okay, thanks.
Ichika: (I'm not really sure what Shiho wants to do or how things will turn out, but...)
Ichika: (I do want to go see those cherry blossoms with everyone.)
Ichika: Here's to hoping for a sunny day!
Saki: Yup!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[The day of the cherry blossom picnic]

[Nonogi Park]

Ichika: (We actually got good weather...)
Ichika: (Did our weather charms really work...?)
Saki: Ahh... It's so sunny!
Ichika: How many times are you going to say that, Saki?
Shiho: She's past twenty already...
Saki: What?! No I haven't...!
Honami: Hehe. Shall we start getting everything ready then?
Ichika: Okay, sounds good!
(Black cut)
Saki: Lunch, snacks, juice... All set♪
Ichika: Okay, all that's left is... Thanks for waiting, Miku, Luka, MEIKO.
Luka: <Hehe. Don't mind us. We've just been chatting the whole time.>
Luka: <If anything, we should be the ones thanking you for inviting us.>
Saki: Hehe. I'm so glad that you guys could come along to see the cherry blossoms with us!
Miku (Ln): <Oh... Luka, MEIKO, look!>
MEIKO: <Wow! They really are in full bloom...!>
Luka: <Yes, they're so beautiful.>
Miku (Ln): <Right?>
Saki: Alright, let's get our cherry blossom viewing picnic started!
Ichika: Okay, then everyone...
Ichika & Saki & Honami & Shiho: Cheers!
Saki: Whoa! Hona, this is amazing! Fried chicken, omelets and bite-size Salisbury steaks!
MEIKO: <It really is! It's almost like it could be in a recipe book!>
Honami: I was really looking forward to today, so I spent yesterday making everything I could.
Shiho: Mmm... These Salisbury steaks are so good.
Honami: Hehe. I made plenty so have as much as you like.
Ichika: Oh, I made some rice balls too if anyone would like some...
Ichika: Uh oh... They've sort of lost their original shape and turned into balls...
Honami: We did have to carry everything over here, but I'm sure they're still okay.
Ichika: *Sigh*... I probably should've wrapped them up a little tighter.
Saki: I think they look cuter this way! Mind passing me one, Ichi?
Shiho: Oh, me too.
Ichika: Sure...!
Saki: Hnng...!! I-It's so sour!
Honami: Hehe. You got one with an umeboshi in it. How about you, Shiho?
Saki: Wait, if she also gets one of these, we get to see her sour face!
Shiho: Sorry, I got a salmon one. Honami, can I have another Salisbury steak?
Honami: Hehe. Go right ahead.
Ichika: How many have you had already, Shiho?
Shiho: Not sure. I just don't want to miss out on these.
Saki: No fair! I'm not gonna let you hog them all, Shiho!
Honami: There's still plenty more where that came from, Saki. Here's one for you.
Miku (Ln): <They look like they're having fun.>
MEIKO: <They do! And thank goodness it didn't rain either!>
Luka: <Hehe. Let's keep watching over them.>
(Black cut)
Saki: Whoa, the cherry blossoms...!
Ichika: Yeah, they're so beautiful.
Honami: That reminds me... Didn't we used to play a game to see who could catch the most petals?
Saki: Yeah, we did! Wow, talk about a blast from the past!
Saki: Hey, wanna try doing that now?
Shiho: But we just finished eating...
Saki: Yeah, now we need to work it off! Everyone, stand up! You too, Shiho!
Shiho: Okay, okay. Then how about the first to catch one is the winner? Also, we're allowed to play defense.
MEIKO: <That sounds wonderful! Have fun, everyone!>
Ichika: Miku, would you mind being the starter?
Miku (Ln): <Sure. On your marks... Get set... Go!>
Honami: No! It slipped through my fingers...!
Shiho: There! You're mine...!
Saki: *Blow*
Shiho: S-Saki...?! Are you blowing them away from us?
Saki: Hehe♪ Shiho said we could do this, right?
Shiho: ...
Saki: Hwah! Hiho?! What are you yooing?!
Shiho: This counts as defense too.
Saki: Nooo, nawt my heeks...!
Ichika: Hehe.
Ichika: (I was a little worried about the weather and how things would turn out, but...)
Ichika: I'm glad we decided to do this.
(Black cut)
