248_Ichika Hoshino_R2 An Umbrella Waiting For Clear Skies (event_27)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Ichika: (This is a rare sight. Saki never falls asleep during class...)
Student's Voice: It's such a pain going back and forth between our classroom and the AV room. Can't we just do everything in one place...?
Ichika: (Oh, it's class A. Maybe they're switching classrooms...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: (Shiho...?)
Ichika: (Was she checking up on Saki...? But why...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school]

Ichika: (Phew. I'm glad our meeting ended so soon.)
Ichika: (All that's left is to meet with everyone in SEKAI and... Hm?)
Ichika: Honami? What are you doing standing around here?
Honami: Oh! Ichika!
Shiho: ...
Ichika: Shiho? Is something wrong? You seem concerned...
Shiho: No, it's nothing... Let's go.
Honami: Oh...
Ichika: ...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Shiho: Okay, bye.
Honami: Oh...
Honami: I'll be going now too! Good luck at work, Ichika!
Ichika: Uh, okay...
Ichika: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

(Place: Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Corridor)
Ichika: (Hmm...)
Ichika: (Shiho is probably worried about Saki. And since Saki's also working so hard lately, Shiho must be concerned about her health...)
Ichika: (And then Honami was worried about Shiho...)
Ichika: (She also followed after her yesterday but I wonder if they were able to talk.)
Ichika: (But I'm worried about Saki, so I should probably tell her to take care. I hope she'll feel a little better just from hearing that...)
Ichika: (Oh... But I'm in charge of making the school's newspaper this week and the next, which will take up most of my lunch time.)
Ichika: (Since we might not be able to talk much during our breaks, it'll probably need to wait until after school.)
Ichika: (Alright, I got this!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Ichika: Good morning.
Shiho: Huh? Ichika?
Ichika: Hm? What brings you to my class, Shiho...?
Shiho: You know this is 1-A, right?
Ichika: Huh...?
Ichika: Oh no...
Ichika: (I went the wrong way...!!)
Ichika: I, uh... It's just...! I came to see you...!
Shiho: Hehe. You're not fooling me that easily.
Ichika: I did come to this class by accident, but there is something I need to talk to you about.
Ichika: So if I could borrow you for a second...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: So, what's up?
Ichika: (This isn't how I was expecting to talk to her, but I have to get this off my chest...)
Ichika: Um... It's about Saki...
Shiho: Oh no...
Ichika: (I guess it was bothering her too...)
Ichika: (What should I do...? I want to talk to her and find a way to put her at ease...)
Ichika: (But I'm not anything I say will work right now...)
Ichika: (In that case, here goes nothing...!)
Ichika: Shiho...!
Shiho: Y-Yeah...?
Ichika: I'm not sure that I'll be able to have lunch today with Saki because of student council business!
Ichika: So I was wondering if you could invite her instead and have lunch together!
Shiho: Huh? Is that what you wanted to ask...?
Ichika: Yes!
Shiho: But Saki so many other friends that she could have lunch with...
Ichika: No, I think she'd be ecstatic if you invited her!
Ichika: So if it's alright with you, Shiho, would you mind?
Shiho: Fine, if I feel like it then...
Ichika: That's perfectly okay.
Shiho: Got it. See you.
Ichika: Phew...
Ichika: (I really just let myself go there...)
Ichika: (But I'm sure she'll invite her to lunch now.)
Ichika: (As long as she actually sits down and finds the time to talk to Saki, everything will turn out okay.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom]

Classmate: Good work, everybody.
Ichika: Thanks. You too.
Ichika: Oh, it's already this late...
Ichika: (But I can focus on band practice now that my class representative duties are out of the way.)
Ichika: (And thanks to Saki, our original song is actually starting to take on a real shape.)
Ichika: (Next...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Ichika: I'd like to try writing the song, if that's okay...
Ichika: While Saki was playing this song for us just now, I wondered what it would be like if it were given lyrics to go along with it.
Ichika: I'd like to give it a try. I want to come up with lyrics that match our song.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Ichika: (It's my turn to step up.)
Ichika: (Honami and Saki have work today too, so I can spend some time thinking about that while I practice.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Oh...
Ichika: Shiho, it's you!
Shiho: You're finished with your meeting already?
Ichika: Yes. Have you just been practicing on your own?
Shiho: Pretty much.
Ichika: I see.
Ichika: (I don't want to disturb her by encroaching like this. Maybe I should try a different classroom...)
Shiho: Um, Ichika...?
Ichika: Y-Yes...?
Shiho: Thanks, you know, for the other day...?
Ichika: The other day?
Shiho: When you asked me to invite Saki to have lunch together.
Ichika: Ohh...
Shiho: You did that because you know I was worried about Saki, right?
Ichika: Right. I know I might've sounded a bit overbearing but...
Shiho: No, I don't think so at all. Saki and I were able to have a nice chat because of that.
Ichika: I see.
Ichika: In that case, I should be thanking you too.
Shiho: Huh?
Ichika: I'm in the same class as her and feel like I should be the one to first notice if anything is wrong...
Ichika: But when push comes to shove, sometimes I don't have the confidence to be as open as I need to be with her...
Ichika: I find myself putting how she feels first before what I should be doing. As a result, I might've made her work harder than she needed to.
Ichika: But you're always willing to put your foot down, Shiho. You know when to say, Stop.
Shiho: I guess so...
Ichika: I know so.
Ichika: Because I know, I ended up having to lean on you this time...
Ichika: At the same time, I had this feeling that it needed to come from you more than anyone else.
Ichika: So I'm beyond glad that you were able to talk to her about overworking herself and not having to try so hard...
Shiho: ...
Shiho: I'm just as glad as you are.
Ichika: Huh?
Shiho: I was worried that I'd be saying too much and that I'd need you or Honami to put some fires out because I went too far...
Shiho: When we were little, every time Saki and I fought, you two were there to make things better.
Shiho: This time was no different.
Shiho: I was able to talk to Saki because you and Honami were willing to listen. You two were the ones that gave me that opportunity.
Ichika: Shiho...
Ichika: I see. I'm glad I was able to help.
Shiho: You helped a lot. More than you can imagine.
Shiho: Um, Ichika...?
Ichika: Yes...?
Shiho: I already told Honami this, but...
Shiho: Thank you. I'll be relying on you a lot more from now on.
Ichika: ...!
Ichika: Anytime!
(Black cut)
