279_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Star Piece Connection (event_34)

Gacha phrase: Please, I want our thoughts reach them!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Ichika: This early, no one else should be here, which means I can focus on writing lyrics.
Ichika: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: “How lost I may be doesn't matter, I know everything will be all right as long as we're together”...
Ichika: N-No, we can't use that...!
Ichika: Because it's so obvious... It also makes it seem like I put far too much of my own feelings into these lyrics...
Shiho: Okay...? What's wrong with that?
Shiho: You're the one writing these, so I don't see any problems with you doing that.
Saki: Yeah, I think I like these lyrics more, you know?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (They really seemed to like it more when I didn't do anything fancy...)
Ichika: (Is that how I should be thinking about this? Being more open and direct.)
Ichika: But I don't have time to worry right now...
Ichika: Saki and the others are waiting on me. I have to keep doing everything I can!
(Black cut)
Ichika: ...
Ichika: (For now, I'll go with this. Still, it doesn't really leave anything to the imagination.)
Ichika: (Is this really the best way to express what Saki's trying to convey through her song?)
Haruka: Good morning, Hoshino.
Ichika: Oh, Kiritani, good morning. Are you coming back from your morning practice?
Haruka: Yes. You're here quite early too, Hoshino.
Ichika: I was, well... Working on my lyrics...
Haruka: Oh, you mean for the song Tenma wrote?
Ichika: Yes...
Haruka: Are you having some trouble with them...?
Ichika: Actually, yes...
Ichika: I was so sure that I'd be able to write something good at first, but now I feel completely stuck.
Haruka: I see...
Haruka: By the way, what kind of lyrics are you going for?
Ichika: Huh? Well...
Ichika: Saki's song is about how things will get better even if they're not so great right now.
Ichika: I'm trying to find the right words so that her message can be heard as clearly as possible.
Ichika: But I keep second-guessing myself and wondering if what I have is really the right way to go.
Haruka: Yes, I see.
Haruka: On a scale of 1 to 100, Hoshino, where do you want your lyrics to be given that you finished writing them as they are right now...?
Ichika: Hmm... 80, maybe? 70 at the very least.
Haruka: That's very high for a first draft, no...?
Ichika: A 70's high?
Haruka: Yes. For reference, whenever I start learning a new song, I'd aim for around 30 first.
Ichika: A 30?! Why?!
Haruka: I try to go one step at a time. First a 30, then a 50 and so on.
Haruka: More specifically, that 30 from my first time around would also take into account how I interpret a song's themes, motifs or story...
Ichika: Oh...
Haruka: So if 100 is perfection, I'd like to start somewhere much lower, like a 30.
Ichika: I understand... Whenever we start learning a new song, we begin by going over its theme or lyrics first...
Haruka: That means you should try writing your lyrics in sort of the same manner, no?
Ichika: The same manner... By taking it one step at a time?
Haruka: Yes. Would it be much easier to see where you are or how far you've progressed that way? Not to mention that it'd be significantly less stressful.
Ichika: You're right...!
Ichika: So if I were to aim for a 30...
Ichika: Oh, I should work on creating a rough outline of the song's story first!
Haruka: I've never written my own lyrics before and I'm sort of just parroting what I learned from working as an idol, but I'm glad I could help.
Ichika: Yes, thank you! You've been such a huge help!
Ichika: (For working as an idol...)
Ichika: (I almost forgot that she used to be one of the most famous idols in the country. Her professionalism is just so incredible.)
Ichika: (And she was kind enough to give me some useful advice. I can't let it go to waste.)
Ichika: Oh, Kiritani, would it be okay if I jotted this down somewhere?
Haruka: Yes, of course.
Ichika: Thank you so much!
Ichika: Okay... Take it one step at a time... Start by aiming for a 30...
Haruka: Oh...
Haruka: But songs are about conveying how you feel to someone, Hoshino, so you may want to think about how you...
Ichika: Interpreting a song's themes, motifs and story...
Haruka: Hehe... I'm sure she'll be just fine.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Ichika: Good morning, Kiritani.
Saki: Morning, Haruka!
Haruka: Good morning to both of you.
Haruka: Oh, I'm sorry about not being able to make it to your show yesterday. But thank you for inviting me.
Ichika: No, it's okay. We know that you were busy with your stream.
Saki: You were nice enough to cheer for us by text instead, which helped fire us up!
Ichika: Hehe. Minori sent us a lot of stamps too.
Saki: Yeah, she did! A bunch of different characters saying, “You can do it!”
Haruka: Hehe. I was with her when she sent those, so I had her send some in my place.
Saki: Haha. Now it makes sense!
Haruka: So how'd your show go?
Ichika: We managed. The crowd seemed pretty into it too.
Saki: Bravo, huge success♪ Is what I want to call it but...
Ichika: Nobody still knows who we are so it's only natural.
Saki: But get this! We sounded awesome when we played our original song!
Ichika: I agree.
Ichika: And as we practice playing it more, it might even start becoming something that can really touch people's hearts.
Haruka: I see. Hehe. I'll be looking forward to your next show.
Ichika: Oh, also... Do you remember that advice you gave me the other day, Kiritani?
Haruka: Yes, I do.
Saki: What advice?
Ichika: Well, I told her the other day about how I was having trouble writing lyrics for our song and said that I should just take things one step at a time.
Ichika: By doing that, I'd be able to see my progress in real-time and even figure out what's giving me trouble.
Saki: Oh, that's pretty cool!
Ichika: Yes, it really is. Soon after that, I found out exactly why I wasn't happy with what I was doing.
Haruka: Really?
Ichika: Yes, really. I was so convinced that I needed to make my lyrics rhyme well or sound cool.
Ichika: But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Iori: I mean, sure, some of the stuff I write comes out a little vague, but they're written that way because that's what I felt was best.
Iori: I try to find the right words for the best way of expressing my thoughts. That's all.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: I was scared of just saying how I felt. I was scared of feeling embarrassed.
Ichika: In a way, I didn't have any confidence in just showing who the “real me” is...
Saki: But I thought what you came up with in the end was totally you, Ichi!
Saki: Your lyrics are an absolute 100% perfect match for my song♪
Ichika: S-Saki!
Haruka: Hehe.
Haruka: Our real selves...
Haruka: I've actually been thinking about that and me as just a regular high schooler.
Saki: Oh, like Haruka Kiritani the idol versus Haruka Kiritani the girl?
Haruka: Yes. I was sure that I'd been separating my personal and professional lives well until now, but my groupmates showed me that I really wasn't.
Ichika: Wait, really?
Ichika: But you just seem like you whenever we have lunch together...
Haruka: Yes, and I believe that I am just being me right now.
Haruka: But being an idol has become so ingrained in my life that I can't really detach myself from it...
Haruka: Sometimes, I have trouble making that switch between the idol me and regular me.
Haruka: So I can empathize a little with how you felt about showing who you are through your lyrics, Hoshino.
Ichika: I never thought that Haruka Kiritani would be bothered by something like that.
Ichika: In a way, I'm sort of glad that you're no different from the rest of us.
Saki: But you're both super cute just the way you are, so I don't think there's anything to be embarrassed about.
Ichika: Kiritani, sure. But me?
Saki: Yeah, of course! That puzzled look you just gave me is absolutely adorable♪
Ichika: What? Okay, no more. You're gonna make me blush.
Haruka: Hehe. Oh, before I forget. Do you know when your next show is going to be?
Ichika: No, not yet.
Haruka: Then, would you mind letting me know when you do? I'd love to be there to cheer you on.
Haruka: I'm sure Minori, Airi and Shizuku would be too.
Saki: Yeah, totally!
Ichika: I'm sure Shizuku's dying to see her sister play.
Haruka: Very true. She'll be her number one fan.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: Shiiiii!!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Ichika, Saki & Haruka: Hehe. Haha!
Saki: But this is so cool...!
Saki: We might actually get a chance to do a show with professional idols in the crowd!
Ichika: Right. We'll need to keep practicing to make sure they see a good show.
Haruka: You don't need to give us any special treatment.
Ichika: Still, our goal is to make and play music that can move people's hearts.
Ichika: Original songs included. I want more people to hear our music.
Saki: So let's keep giving it our best, Ichi!
Ichika: Yeah!
(Black cut)
