316_Ichika Hoshino_R3 Our New Song's Goal (event_40)

Gacha phrase: No, this doesn't sound right...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: This seems like a good place to take a break...
Saki & Rin: Okay♪
Ichika: Everything's starting to come together nicely.
Honami: I think so too. We're even running a little bit ahead of schedule.
Shiho: Yeah. If we keep this up, we'll have time to look at things in finer detail.
Shiho: But our sound has more volume to it right now because we have Rin and Len here.
Shiho: Just try to keep that in mind.
Ichika, Saki & Honami: *Nod*
Len: They're so stoic.
Rin: I know, right? It's like they're all totally focused on succeeding when it counts!
Rin: Oh, that reminds me! How did your last show go?
Ichika: That's right. We've only had a chance to talk to Len and MEIKO about it.
Saki: Oh yeah!
Saki: Hehe. It was better than any of our other shows♪
Ichika: Well, the best of three.
Rin: That doesn't matter. If it's the “best” it's the best☆
Rin: Can you tell me more about your show♪
Rin: Like how you performed or what it was like there!
Ichika: What it was like there...?
Shiho: We usually play towards the beginning of the lineup, so we have to work a little to warm up the crowd.
Shiho: In terms of the whole show or event, we get them when they've been there for a bit but it's not like they're bouncing off the walls or anything.
Honami: That's true, but we're still new to this, so it may be to our benefit to be up there earlier rather than later.
Honami: We'd run the risk of buckling under pressure if we play later, but not play very well in front of a fresh audience.
Saki: Yeah, I think I agree.
Saki: But I didn't feel as nervous this time. I felt like I had a lot of fun♪
Ichika: Playing our new song probably helped with that.
Saki: Totally♪
Rin: That's so cool! I wanna play in a show!
Rin: Oh, you guys do a huddle before you go on stage, right?
Rin: What do you usually do? Can you show me♪
Saki: Sure♪ Ichi, Hona, Shiho!
Ichika: Sure, why not?
Shiho: Fine...
Saki: Ichi usually leads us during our huddle, but we all make a peace sign with our hands and put them in the middle, like this...
Rin: Oh, they make a star! That's so adorable!
Len: A star? Like the name of your band?
Saki: That's right!
Shiho: Saki loves coming up with stuff like this. That includes doing a huddle and forming a star with our hands.
Ichika: Yeah. When did you come up with those?
Saki: I'd been thinking about doing a huddle after we knew that we were gonna be performing in a show...
Saki: But I came up with the star idea the day before that.
Saki: Just huddling up and doing a chant seemed kinda boring, so I searched for some ideas on my phone♪
Saki: Oh, but the video I saw had five people in it, so I was worried that it would look funny when we tried it.
Rin: Five...? Oh, that makes more sense! Then you'd get a five-pointed star!
Len: True, but Saki, weren't you using both hands just now?
Saki: Yup! Pretty good considering how nervous I was before our show, right♪
Shiho: I dunno. What's wrong with a four-pointed star?
Saki: What?! No! It's gotta be five!
Rin: I don't think Sakki's budging there♪
Saki: No way! Here, just look... If we try it with just four...
Ichika: Oh, I see...
Shiho: Alright, I get it.
Len: Yeah, four doesn't look quite right. I guess five is better.
Ichika: I agree. Sure, four looks like a star...
Ichika: Specifically, a ninja star...
Honami: Oh, you're right...
Saki: See?! Seeeee...?! Ichi gets it!!
Saki: That's what I was talking about!
Shiho: A ninja star, huh...? I mean, it's still a star, so I don't see any problems with it.
Saki: But I do! It's gotta be a real star!
Len: I'm guessing this all just comes down to what hypes you up the most, right?
Len: So the most passionate person's opinion, in this case, may be best.
Honami: Right. After all, Saki did come up with doing a huddle first.
Shiho: That's true.
Ichika: I'm sure it'll become second nature as we keep performing in shows.
Saki: Yeah♪ I'd love that.
Ichika: Hehe. Then, we'll have to remember to do it before our next show.
Saki: Yup!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[After School]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom]

Shiho: Okay, I'd like to talk about selling tickets before we start practice today.
Ichika: Sure, you have the floor.
Shiho: Like I mentioned following our last show, the owner and manager have been giving us a free pass until this point. Starting next time, we'll have to start doing this.
Ichika: We'll need to find people who might be interested in seeing us perform and sell them tickets, right?
Shiho: Right. If we're serious about going pro, this is something we'll have to do eventually.
Saki: Okay!
Saki: And we can sell them to anyone, right?
Shiho: Yeah. Usually, everyone starts with their friends or family, and work their way out from there.
Shiho: Friends of friends can help too. Also, anyone you know from work.
Saki: Okay, got it!
Honami: And we'll need to sell thirty in total, which is at least seven a piece amongst the four of us.
Shiho: Also, we break even when we sell all of them.
Shiho: We have to pay for any that we don't sell, so be sure to keep that in mind.
Saki: Yeah, but seven seems pretty doable, you know...?
Shiho: It should be and I'm sure you'll find people who are interested. Unfortunately, not everyone will be able to make it or pay for these if they don't have a source of income.
Ichika: Oh, that's right... Minori and Kiritani mentioned that they'd like to see our show...
Ichika: But haven't been able to because of their stream schedule.
Saki: That's so rough. They can't go even if they really want to...
Shiho: And it might be tough to get everyone to come back a second or even third time.
Shiho: Not everyone has that much free time or the money to come to these things. Interest alone won't be enough.
Ichika: I suppose it won't...
Ichika: That means we have to make it so they want to come back and see us again by actually buying another ticket.
Shiho: Exactly. In other words, we'd be establishing our fan base.
Saki: Whoa! Our own fans!
Shiho: It won't be easy.
Shiho: But if we develop a core group of fans, it'll make selling tickets just that much easier. And we'll need to keep practicing in order to accomplish that.
Shiho: Again, if we're serious about going pro, we should be striving towards gathering as many people as we can in as big a venue as possible.
Honami: And we just have to keep trying.
Ichika: I see...
Ichika: I'm guessing Iori and STANDOUT had to do what we're doing now.
Shiho: Yeah, they did.
Ichika: So we just need to keep at it.
Saki: Yeah! We're gonna get a bunch of fans and make our big debut♪
Shiho: That's easier said than done. A lot easier...
Saki: We'll be fine. I mean, our second song gave us so much more trouble than our first one, so I think we're starting to understand what we're up against.
Ichika: I agree. We're getting a good idea of what to prepare for now.
Shiho: ...
Shiho: Thanks, you two.
Ichika: Huh? Why are you thanking us?
Shiho: Nevermind. Ignore that.
Honami: Hehe...
Shiho: Anyway, we're gonna need to keep practicing the same way we have until now.
Shiho: And start selling tickets on top of that.
Shiho: I know it won't be easy, but I think we can handle it.
Saki: Yeah, as long as we're together!
Saki: Whoa! I'm so fired up now!
Honami: Okay, I think that should be enough for now in terms of tickets.
Ichika: Sounds good! Shall we go practice?
Shiho: Alright, let's go.
(Black cut)
