325_Ichika Hoshino_R4 CD Encounter (event_42)

Gacha phrase: The last one... Huh?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Ichika: Oh, Honami, Shiho. Over here.
Honami: Excuse me.
Saki: Hona! Shiho! Come on in♪
Shiho: It's been getting so cold in the corridor lately.
Ichika: I know. It's also cloudy today, so not many people seem to be having lunch out in the courtyard.
Saki: Yeah♪ Days like these are all about eating together in a nice, cozy classroom.
Honami: Hehe. Oh, Ichika, that reminds me...
Honami: The CD by that artist you like went on sale yesterday, didn't it?
Ichika: Yeah, it did...
Shiho: Hm? You had to stay late to take care of some class representative business yesterday, right? Did you miss your chance to get it?
Ichika: No, I got a copy. But only because someone else let me have theirs...
Honami: They let you have their copy?
Ichika: Yeah. There was one copy left at the store I went to, but another person was there to buy the same CD...
Ichika: And they ended up giving me their copy.
Honami: I see...
Ichika: I feel awful about what happened. They must've really been looking forward to listening to it too.
Shiho: Are there any plans for a re-release?
Ichika: Not that I know of.
Saki: Oh, what if they managed to get a copy at a different store?
Ichika: I sure hope so...
Ichika: However, only a few stores were carrying this CD. The one I went to was the closest one around here, so they would've had to go down another station if they were to do that.
Saki: Y-Yikes...
Ichika: Sorry, I didn't mean to bring down the mood like that...
Honami: No, I was the one who asked. You don't need to apologize...
Ichika: Okay, thanks...
Ichika: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (She must've been looking forward to it too...)
Saki: ...
Saki: I know, Ichi! What if we tried finding this person?
Ichika: Huh?
Saki: This morning, you said this person's around our age and how they might be a fan of Miku songs, right? 
Ichika: Sure, because being a fan of this artist probably means that they're also a fan of Miku songs...
Saki: Yeah, that's why I'm betting you'd be able to become friends with them♪
Ichika: F-Friends?
Honami: Hehe. I agree with Saki. I'm sure you two would hit it off great if she does turn out to be another Miku fan like you.
Saki: See? We should find this person so you can lend them your CD...
Ichika: H-Hold on one second, Saki. How do we actually find them...?
Saki: How? Well... What if you ran a stakeout on the CD shop?
Shiho: A stakeout...? That's easier said than done.
Honami: R-Right...
Honami: But if they're around our age, they could be a student at one of the other schools.
Saki: Hey, yeah! What was this person wearing, Ichi? If they were wearing a uniform...
Ichika: No, um... They were wearing sweats...
Shiho: Sweats? From where?
Ichika: They didn't look School Issue or anything. I think they were just regular sweats.
Saki: Darn. That would've made things so much easier.
Honami: By the way... Was this person a boy? A girl?
Ichika: A girl with beautiful, long hair.
Honami: (Sweats and beautiful, long hair?)
Honami: (No, it can't be.)
Saki: Oh, what if we asked around online about this person?
Saki: Like... <I'm looking for the person who gave me this CD yesterday!>
Ichika: No, I'd really rather not blow things out of proportion like that...
Saki: Okay...
Shiho: Yeah, someone could see that as an opportunity to be a total jerk about it.
Ichika: Anyway, thanks for taking this so seriously and putting so much thought into it...
Ichika: I don't know if I'll ever see her again, but I'll try going back to the CD shop when I have time.
Ichika: If they do like Miku songs, I might be able to find them there on days when new Miku CDs go on sale.
Honami: Yes, I agree. And if they're a high schooler like us, you might just bump into them after school.
Saki: Yeah! It'd be like a miracle... No, fate!
Shiho: Hehe. Hear that?
Ichika: Quit exaggerating, you two.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Ichika's Room]

Ichika: Phew... I've made some good progress today in terms of learning more about songwriting.
Ichika: But I can only do this on days when I'm not assigned much homework.
Ichika: Anyway, this seems like a good place to take a break. I think I'll put on a Miku song...
Ichika: Oh... I haven't had a chance to listen to Yoisaki's other songs yet. Maybe I should put one of those on instead.
Ichika: Let's see... Oh wow. Marionette has so many views. I guess I can start with that.
Ichika: (It has such a unique sound and some dark overtones to it, but the intro's so catchy.)
Ichika: (The lyrics don't pull any punches either...)
Ichika: (It's like this song puts everything out in the open without hesitation...)
Ichika: Wow...
Ichika: One more time.
Ichika: (The phrasing, or the metaphors being used, I guess...? I can tell exactly what this song's trying to say...)
Ichika: And Asahina's the one who wrote these lyrics...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (She's so kind and thoughtful, so I never would've imagined her being able to write such dark lyrics...)
Ichika: (Or is it just a testament to her creativity?)
Ichika: Either way, she's an incredible person...
Ichika: Alright, I need to keep doing everything I can to be able to clearly express how I feel through what I write.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka]

Ichika: Oh, Asahina, good morning...!
Mafuyu: Good morning, Hoshino. You're here quite early. Morning practice? No, that can't be it...
Ichika: Oh, I woke up earlier than usual, so I'm going to head to my class to work on some lyrics.
Mafuyu: You've been hard at work, I see.
Ichika: Actually, I haven't been making much progress...
Ichika: Oh, but I did get to listen to one of your group's songs yesterday.
Mafuyu: You did? Thank you. Would you mind telling me your thoughts?
Ichika: Of course! Um, I listened to Marionette, the one about the puppet.
Ichika: I was completely blown away by the phrasing and metaphors used in the lyrics...!
Ichika: I have a feeling that the lyrics were really able to bring the song to life because a puppet was at the center of it all.
Ichika: Oh, I'm sorry... I didn't mean to ramble on like that.
Mafuyu: No, I appreciate it. I'm the one who asked for your thoughts, and I'm glad you liked it so much.
Ichika: Oh, also...
Ichika: Would it be alright if I asked you a little about how you came up with those lyrics?
Mafuyu: Sure, what would you like to know?
Ichika: About the song's interludes and bridge after each chorus when the listener seems to be asked, “Right?” or “Don't you get it?”...
Ichika: They're not actually a part of the lyrics, are they? How did you arrive on doing that?
Mafuyu: Oh, that...?
Mafuyu: Sorry to disappoint you, but there's really nothing to those parts...
Ichika: Huh? I-Is that true?
Mafuyu: Yes. I was told that it would sound a little creepier if I were to add in something like what you heard.
Mafuyu: Ultimately, its purpose became to add some spice to the voids left after each chorus sequence...
Mafuyu: They hold no real meaning in terms of the lyrics.
Ichika: O-Okay, I see...
Ichika: I was so sure that there was some deeper meaning to those parts. I feel so embarrassed about overthinking things like that.
Mafuyu: No, don't be. I should be apologizing for misdirecting you in such a manner.
Mafuyu: But I really appreciate how you took what I wrote so seriously.
Mafuyu: And everybody who listens to that song is perfectly entitled to their own interpretations.
Ichika: True...
Ichika: But you seem to use a lot of metaphors in your lyrics. Is there a reason behind that?
Mafuyu: Hmm... It's usually because I can't find the right words to describe something.
Mafuyu: Or when I'm being deliberately vague.
Ichika: Wait, deliberately vague...?
Mafuyu: Yes. For example... “Anger” comes to mind.
Mafuyu: I may be mad at someone, Person A, for some reason, but those who aren't familiar with Person A won't understand how I feel even if I try to write lyrics about them.
Ichika: Oh, I see...
Mafuyu: And it'd be rude to call them out by name, no?
Mafuyu: That's when I'll use words like “bully” or “braggart” instead.
Mafuyu: Then it becomes clear who's playing which role in this situation.
Ichika: Yes, that makes so much sense...!
Mafuyu: Oh, I think it's also important to use different euphemisms or examples depending on how a particular song goes.
Mafuyu: “Braggart”, for example, may be more suited to a song with a brighter or upbeat tone to it.
Mafuyu: Conversely, referring to people as chess pieces, such as a queen or king, could work if you wish to treat them like an opponent for a dark song with a sharper tone.
Ichika: Yes, I see...!
Mafuyu: Sorry, I didn't mean to sound so snobbish. I know I'm not a professional or anything.
Ichika: No, everything you just said makes so much sense! Thank you very much!
Ichika: I'll be sure to keep your advice in mind when writing lyrics from now on!
Mafuyu: Hehe. I'm glad I could help. Good luck, Hoshino.
Ichika: Thank you!
(Black cut)
