381_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Did You Hear That?! (event_50)

Gacha phrase: Huh? Oh... Sh-Shiho?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Ichika: Good morning, Kiritani.
Haruka: Good morning, Hoshino, Tenma.
Saki: Morning♪
Saki: Let's get right to it, Ichi♪
Haruka: Right to what...?
Ichika: So, Leo/need's going to be participating in a show soon, and we were wondering if you'd like to come see us perform.
Haruka: Oh, thank you for the invitation. Do you know when you'll be playing?
Ichika: Yes, it should be on the ticket... Ah, here we go.
Haruka: Perfect. We only have practice that day, I should be able to go.
Saki: Really?! That means Minori can also...
Minori's Voice (Minori): I can gooo!
Ichika: Was that...?
Haruka: Minori, for sure.
Saki: Haha. I guess Shiho was in the middle of inviting her classmates to our show♪
Haruka: Since Hinomori's already talking to them, I guess I can go ahead and reserve my own ticket now...
Ichika: Thank you, Kiritani.
Haruka: You don't need to thank me. I've been meaning to see your band perform, and I'm sure you have a quota to meet.
Saki: What?! Haruka, you know about ticket quotas?
Haruka: I remember talking to bands on this one music show about having to sell their own tickets when they were just starting out.
Haruka: Feel free to ask if you ever have any left over. I know some people who love going to these kinds of shows.
Saki: Haruka...!
Ichika: Thank you so much! We're just starting out as well, so we'll appreciate any help we can get.
Haruka: Hehe. There is some fun in having to sell things yourself, but having to do that on top of practicing for shows can be tough at times.
Ichika: Does that mean you've had to do this before, Kiritani...?
Haruka: It was CDs instead of tickets in my case. When ASRUN made its debut, we had to sell CDs at malls and such all by ourselves.
Saki: Really?! There was a time when ASRUN had to do that? I had no idea!
Ichika: Yeah, me neither. I always thought ASRUN was famous from the start.
Haruka: Well, you're not far off. Our debut single just happened to become a hit, which sent us soaring up the charts.
Haruka: But I still vividly remember all the shows we did at those malls...
Saki: You do...? What were they like?
Haruka: I was so nervous at first that I stuttered while introducing myself.
Haruka: But singing made everything more fun and enjoyable. Before we knew it, we'd somehow attracted an audience.
Haruka: I became so elated that I couldn't stop singing and dancing.
Ichika: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika: ♪————! ♪————!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: Seeing your music have an effect on someone really is the best feeling in the world.
Ichika: It's so encouraging too. I always feel like singing even more whenever that happens.
Haruka: Yes, it's that exact feeling.
Saki: I know how that feels too!
Saki: Whenever I see people in the crowd really getting into our music, I can't help but want to make it even more fun for them!
Ichika: Same.
Ichika: And if people we personally sold tickets to are in the audience...
Saki: *Gasp* It'd be even more amazing!
Ichika: I guess that does make selling tickets more enjoyable.
Saki: Yeah♪
Ichika: Thank you, Kiritani.
Ichika: We'll need to keep doing this for the foreseeable future, and we weren't sure if we'd be able to handle it...
Ichika: But your story's given me hope. I think we'll manage just fine now.
Saki: Yeah, me too! Thanks, Haruka!
Haruka: Hehe. All I did was give a small taste of my past.
Haruka: But I'm glad I was able to help.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: We're here! And ready to practice today!
Miku (Ln): Welcome. So are we.
KAITO: Hm? Is Shiho not with you...?
Ichika: Oh, she's on classroom duty today, so she'll be running a little late.
Honami: She asked us to get started without her.
Miku (Ln): Alright, why don't we get ready?
Ichika, Saki & Honami: Okay!
KAITO: You all seem very excited...
Miku (Ln): I can see why too. Especially after just hearing what Shiho went through in junior high school.
Ichika: Yeah, I think we want to show just how much we appreciate her.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: Back then, I just couldn't give up.
Shiho: I'd convinced myself that we couldn't really be friends anymore, but deep down, I was hoping that we could.
Shiho: As a result, I had to suffer for it. I was so afraid that I'd end up creating more problems instead of solving them. However...
Shiho: I endured, and I was rewarded with Ichika and Saki getting our band back together. I'm here today because I didn't give up...
Shiho: So I'm really glad that I held on to my music, and more importantly, all of you...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: Still, isn't there anything we can do for Shiho outside of our band...?
Ichika: I know how you feel. This band isn't about just her anymore. It's about all of us.
Saki: Hmm... What if we do something that she wants us to do? She can ask for one thing from each of us...
Miku (Ln): So, anything...?
KAITO: That could actually complicate things further...
Ichika: My mom even says, “'Anything is okay' is the most challenging answer...”
Ichika: We could give her some sort of I.O.U., like kids promising their parents to give them a free massage.
Honami: Oh, that might work... I could have homemade snacks or a whole lunch for mine.
Saki: Yeah! I could totally do her hair for her or something♪
Saki: Hehe. She'd look super cute if I cut her bangs like this.
Miku (Ln): Shouldn't you be asking how she wants her hair cut...?
Ichika: Those ideas suit you both so well... What do you think I should do...?
KAITO: ...
KAITO: Shiho's done plenty of nice things for you already, right? Why not return the favor?
Ichika: Oh, that's a great idea...!
Ichika: Something nice... Hmm...
Ichika: Like when she praised me during practice...?
Saki: Then, yours can be called, “All praises all day!”
Ichika: Our faces would both be bright red by the end of it...
Miku (Ln): You could take this opportunity to show just how much you appreciate her, no?
Miku (Ln): Here, try saying something now.
Ichika: N-Now?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
???: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: Um... Miku, the corridor...
Miku (Ln): Shush...
Ichika: Okay...
Ichika: You're such a strong girl, Shiho, and the way you're able to clearly say what's on your mind is really cool.
Ichika: You're always tough on us during practice, but I know that you're even tougher on yourself and work incredibly hard each and every day.
Ichika: I really admire how you're dedicating yourself to music like that, and I want to be just like you.
Saki: Me too! Oh, but the way you love cute things is also one of your best qualities!
Honami: You always have this gentle expression on your face whenever you're taking care of the bunnies on your phone.
Saki: Yeah, that! The bunnies are really cute, but the way you pet them is even cuter!
Miku (Ln): Hehe. A mountain of praise, wouldn't you agree...?
KAITO: S-Sure...
KAITO: But you might want to leave it there for now. Otherwise, she'll have a hard time joining us...
Ichika: What?
Ichika: Huh? Sh-Shiho...?!
Saki: What? Why didn't you tell us that you were here...?
Shiho: What kind of person would deliberately walk in on a conversation like that?
Miku (Ln): Hehe...
Ichika: Hang on! Did you make us say those things because you knew she was there...?
Miku (Ln): Maybe? Who knows?
Ichika: M-Miku please...
Ichika: Um, Shiho...
Ichika: Please feel free to ask us for anything you need.
Shiho: Thanks, I will...
Shiho: But for now, I'd like to practice.
Shiho: Although, I really wasn't expecting you guys to be talking about me like that.
Saki: But hold on!
Honami: We already have everything set up.
Shiho: In that case, let's get started.
Ichika: Okay! Ready, Miku, KAITO?
Miku (Ln): Of course!
(Black cut)
