416_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Before Thinking About It (event_56)

Gacha phrase: I'd like to hear as well if you don't mind.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Ichika's Room]

Ichika: Okay...
Ichika: (Thanks to Luka's advice, I should be able to write some lyrics that can do their situation justice...)
Ichika: (Lyrics that can touch Hanano and her brother's hearts...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Yota: She won't be able to get along with her new family as long as her old one's around... Including me...
Yota: In terms of what's best for her future, I feel like she needs to learn to get along with her new family.
Yota: Which is why... Today, I said, “We need to stop meeting like this.”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (They mean the world to each other but can't tell each other how they really feel...)
Ichika: (This isn't quite what we went through, but...)
Ichika: (I know how it feels. I know what it's like to not be able to talk to your friends...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): Sh-Shiho...!
Junior High School Shiho (Shiho): I told you not to talk to me, didn't I?
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): Oh...
(White cut)
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): Honami! How about we have lunch together...?
Junior High School Honami (Honami): S-Sorry... I kind of want to have lunch alone today...
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): Alone...? Did something happen...?
Junior High School Honami (Honami): *Gasp* I'm really sorry... Bye...
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): H-Honami...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (I'm not bothered by that as much now since we're back as a band and having so much fun every day..)
Ichika: (Back then, I kept asking myself, “How would things have turned out if Saki were here?”)
Ichika: (But Saki was...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): What? Saki caught a cold...?
Nurse: Yes. Her fever finally broke yesterday, but it seems to have taken a significant physical and mental toll...
Nurse: Which is why I'm glad she has a friend here to visit. She should be back from her test soon, so I hope you can cheer her up somehow.
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): Okay...
Junior High School Saki (Saki): Ichi, you're early. Welcome.
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): Hi, Saki...! The nurse told me about how you caught a cold.
Junior High School Saki (Saki): Haha. Yeah, I kinda did...
Junior High School Saki (Saki): One of those that makes your sinuses really stuffy too. I guess I caught it from someone, but I couldn't stop sneezing.
Junior High School Saki (Saki): I blew my nose so many times that... Wait, is it still really red?
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): No, you're fine.
Junior High School Saki (Saki): Really? Thank goodness... I was worried that everyone was gonna start calling me a red-nosed reindeer.
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): (Saki just never changes...)
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): (But I feel like she's pushing herself too hard to keep me from worrying about her...)
Junior High School Saki (Saki): Oh, I almost forgot. My mom brought me some snacks when she visited. Wanna have some?
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): Thanks, Saki... But I need to head back soon.
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): (But the nurse said she's tired physically and mentally, so I'd rather she saved her strength.)
Junior High School Saki (Saki): Okay. That means I get to have all these snacks to myself! Hehe...
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): Well, within reason. You still haven't fully recovered yet.
Junior High School Saki (Saki): I know♪
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): Anyway, I'll see you later...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Aboard a train]

Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): I have to transfer at... Okay, I still have time.
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): *Sigh* I wish I could've stayed to chat more with Saki...
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): ...
Junior High School Ichika (Ichika): I guess I can listen to some Miku songs instead...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: Yeah, I used to listen to Miku songs a lot whenever I went over to see Saki.
Ichika: They cover so many genres too. Just going through them was an easy way to pass the time...
Ichika: I even remember a few times when I passed my stop and nearly missed my transfer.
Ichika: But those Miku songs helped keep the sadness I felt at bay...
Ichika: (If...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (If we can become their “Miku”...)
Ichika: No, that sounds too hard...
Ichika: (But at the very least, I want our song to reach them.)
Ichika: Alright, time to write!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino)

[Ichika's Room]

Ichika: I'm done...!
Ichika: Thank goodness too... This homework was easier than I initially expected.
Ichika: Okay, what time is it...?
Ichika: (We aren't meeting to practice for a while...)
Ichika: (So, I think I'll take this opportunity to go do a quick street performance.)
Ichika: I'll need my guitar, sheet music and...
Ichika: Oh, that's right. I left that Miku software I bought on my desk so that I can start using it whenever.
Ichika: Bye, Miku. See you later...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Ichika: ♪————!! ♪————!!
Ichika: Alright... Thank you very much.
Ichika: (I've gotten pretty used to singing here.)
Ichika: (Next, how about I sing...?)
Ichika: For my next song, I'd like to sing an original that I wrote with my band.
Ichika: ♪————
Passerby A: Look, she's singing for everyone.
Passerby B: Yeah. This song's nice. Wanna stay and listen?
Ichika: (Oh, they're stopping by to listen...)
Ichika: (This feels just like when we sang for Hanano and her brother during our show.)
Ichika: (It was like my voice could reach everyone in the audience and they'd listen intently.)
Ichika: (This must be what it means to have a song reach people.)
Ichika: (Alright, let's keep this up and...!)
Ichika: ♪———— ♪——~~~
Ichika: (There may be others out there who need this song just as much as Hanano and her brother...)
Ichika: (Oh...)
High School Student A: ...
Ichika: (That girl's looking my way.)
Ichika: (Is she interesting in listening? If so...)
Ichika: ♪————! ♪————!
High School Student A: ...!
High School Student B: Hey, wanna check out that shop over there next?
High School Student A: Oh... J-Just a second.
Ichika: ♪————! ♪————!
High School Student A: ...
(Black cut)
Ichika: Thank you very much!
High School Student A: Excuse me...
Ichika: Oh...
Ichika: (It's that girl.)
High School Student A: Um... I really like the song you just played.
Ichika: Thank you very much!
High School Student A: And... Those lyrics... It reminded me of this friend I used to be really close with in junior high...
High School Student B: Oh, the one you said went to a different high school...?
High School Student A: Yeah... We talked and messaged each other a lot up until graduation, but we haven't chatted at all since starting high school.
High School Student B: Wait, why not?
High School Student A: I mean... She's probably made new friends already, so I feel like I'd just end up being a bother...
Ichika: ...!
High School Student B: But...
Ichika: No, I disagree!
High School Student A: Huh...?
Ichika: Oh... I-I'm sorry. I didn't mean to shout...
Ichika: But this friend... She meant a lot to you, right?
High School Student A: Yes. She was the very first friend I made during junior high and we were in the same class all three years...
High School Student A: But she ended up going to this really prestigious prep school and seems so far away now...
Ichika: ...
Ichika: This may sound strange coming from someone you literally just met a second ago...
Ichika: But if you still want to talk and hang out with this person, why don't you try contacting them?
High School Student A: B-But...
High School Student B: Yeah, she's right. She might be a high schooler now, but that doesn't mean she's a completely different person.
High School Student B: Or is she the kind of person who makes fun of others for not being as smart as her?
High School Student A: No, she'd never do that...!
High School Student B: If that's the case, you're the one who's placing her on a pedestal for getting into a really good school.
High School Student A: Oh... Yeah, you're right...
High School Student A: I think I'll try contacting her.
High School Student A: Um... Thank you...
High School Student A: Also, sorry. I know this is my own problem...
Ichika: No, I should be the one apologizing. I mean, I sort of just blurted out what was on my mind.
High School Student A: It's okay. I'm really glad I got this chance to hear you sing.  
High School Student A: Um... Would you be okay with me stopping by again?
Ichika: ...!
Ichika: Yes, of course!
(Black cut)
