462_Ichika Hoshino_R2 I Have To Act On My Own (event_63)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

[Scramble Crossing]

Ichika: Let's see... SpoJoy Park's supposed to be near the station... So it should be this way, right?
Ena: Yeah, that's also what the map on their website says.
Minori: I can't wait to get there! I've actually kinda been interested in checking it out for a little while now.
Kanade: Really? I walk by the station sometimes but didn't know about it at all.
Ena: It's not supposed to be like a gym or anything, right?
Minori: Yeah, it's more fun than that!
Ichika: ...
Ichika: (How does Minori do it...? It's like she, Kanade and Ena are already good friends.)
Ichika: (I finally got to meet Kanade again, so I'd like to talk more with her about her group, songwriting and tell her more about the shows we've been doing...)
Kanade: ...
Ichika: (They've paused for a bit. Now's my chance...)
Ena: Come to think of it, I get to hang out with an idol today. Mizuki's gonna be so jealous.
Ichika: (Oh... I missed my chance...)
Ena: Mizuki got all googly-eyed when we got to hang out to Airi and Shizuku that one time too.
Minori: I didn't know that, but I can definitely empathize! I mean, Airi and Shizuku have these amazingly sparkly auras about them!
Kanade: Oh, Ena, didn't you say you've known them since junior high school...?
Ena: Airi, yes. She later introduced me to Shizuku.
Ena: Oh, sorry about that. You probably don't know who I'm talking about, huh, Ichika?
Ichika: No, um... It's okay... Actually, they're a year above me at school.
Ena: Oh yeah, they are, aren't they? Being idols and all, are they pretty popular at school?
Ichika: Yes, they are. So popular that everybody lines up to give them presents for their birthdays and such.
Kanade: Wow, that's astounding. Have you ever given them gifts before, Hoshino?
Ichika: Yes. I've known Shizuku since I was little and one of my childhood friends is a big fan of Momoi, so we go greet them together sometimes...
Kanade: I see. I'm still having a hard time imagining what it'd be like to have idols going to the same school as me...
Minori: Haha. Yeah, I feel that's pretty normal!
Ichika: (I... I finally got to say something...)
Ichika: (But I wouldn't have been able to if Ena didn't toss me a question...)
Ichika: (Also, when I went out to eat with Kanade the other day, I felt like Honami and Asahina had to direct the conversation in order for me to say anything...)
Ichika: (I still can't do much on my own...)
Ichika: (But we're here, so I can't let things continue like this. I need to take advantage of this opportunity and actually talk to her!)
Ichika: K-Kanade!
Kanade: Hm? Yes?
Ichika: Um... I hope today goes well!
Kanade: Huh? Go well...?
Ichika: Um, so... In terms of getting in some good exercise!
Kanade: Oh, right. Yes, I hope so too.
Ichika: G-Great!
Ichika & Kanade: ...
Kanade: Also... I really liked that song you were singing earlier.
Ichika: R-Really? Would you mind if I asked you to elaborate more?
Kanade: I didn't get to hear all of it, so I can only talk about the parts that I did hear. Would that be okay?
Ichika: Yes, of course.
Kanade: The lyrics were very easy to digest and I could feel myself being immersed into your song's world.
Kanade: The melody also had a cool feel to it, which your performance matched very well.
Kanade: The solo version you played was nice, so I'm curious as to what it sounds like when you play it as a band.
Ichika: ...!
Ichika: Thank you very much! I couldn't be happier to hear you say that, Kanade.
Kanade: *Nod* I'm glad that I could help.
Ichika: (Thank goodness... I got to talk to her a little.)
Ichika: (And I got to hear what she thought of my street performance... That just leaves...)
Minori: Ichika! Kanade! I think I see SpoJoy Park!
Ichika: Oh, Minori and Ena have gone so far ahead...
Kanade: We must've been walking slower than we realized.
Ichika: You may be right. Let's go.
Ichika: (I hope we get to talk more about the things we haven't been able to touch on while exercising at SpoJoy Park.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Ichika: ...
Ichika: (Going to SpoJoy Park with everyone was so much fun.)
Ichika: (I never imagined doing anything like that with Kanade, and Ena turned out to be a really nice person.)
Ichika: (And we swapped contact info, so I'm looking forward to seeing them again.)
???: Ichi...?
Ichika: ...
Saki: Ichi? Good morning!
Ichika: Wah! Oh, Saki, Honami... Good morning.
Honami: Good morning, Ichika. Whatever you were thinking about seemed to make you really happy.
Saki: Yeah, so happy that you didn't notice at all when I was calling your name.
Ichika: Sorry, I was just thinking about something I did over the weekend.
Saki: Something you did?
Ichika: Yeah. Minori, Kanade and Ena stopped by to watch the street performance I was putting on down by the station...
Ichika: Oh, Kanade's the person Honami and Asahina introduced me to the other day, and Ena's in the same music group as her.
Saki: Really?! Hm? Hang on... Did Minori already know them?
Ichika: She did. As it turns out, Ena and Momoi are old friends.
Honami: I didn't know that. So they stopped by to listen to your performance together?
Ichika: Yes, but only the last part.
Ichika: Minori and them were exercising at a nearby park.
Ichika: And she decided to bring them along since the opportunity came up.
Honami: Huh?! Wait, Ichika! Ms. Yoisaki was exercising...?
Ichika: Yes. She decided to try going on a walk in order to increase her stamina so that she can keep composing music.
Honami: I had no idea...!
Honami: But I feel somewhat relieved. Outside of errands and such, she hardly ever leaves the confines of her home...
Saki: Really? I mean, I'm usually out the door if I have free time since I wanna do band practice and stuff.
Ichika: Hehe. Because that's just who you are, Saki.
Ichika: However, Honami, if you're surprised by that, you may want to brace yourself before I tell this story.
Honami: What?
(Black cut)
Honami: M-Ms. Yoisaki went rollerblading, did bubble sumo and played strike zone at SpoJoy Park...?!
Saki: Wah! H-Hona?
Honami: Oh no! I-I'm sorry. I didn't mean to shout...
Saki: That's totally fine. I was more surprised by how surprised you were about this person.
Honami: Yes, well... I understand that she's doing this for her music, but to think that she did so much in one day...
Honami: Which means she's going to be very sore today. Is there anything I can do for her...?
Honami: Oh, I know! I can try coming up with a dinner menu that includes plenty of protein.
Saki: Still, SpoJoy Park... It's sorta been on my mind too!
Ichika: You have so many exercise options too. It was so much fun that we'd worked up a good sweat before we realized it.
Honami: Plus, it's good for your health and lets you work on your lung capacity.
Saki: Yeah, playing a bunch of songs back-to-back can get pretty exhausting.
Ichika: Why don't the four of us go together sometime to work on our stamina?
Saki: Yeah, I really wanna go! Playing bubble sumo like you said sounds super fun, Ichi♪
Ichika: Hehe. I'd like to play again as well since it was so much fun. Oh, do you think Shiho would be willing to wear a bubble suit?
Honami: The thing that looks like a big, clear balloon?
Saki: It's not like it's a mascot's costume or anything, so I'm sure she'll wear it!
Shiho: Who's wearing what exactly...?
Ichika: Oh, Shiho, good morning.
Shiho: Morning. I thought I heard some familiar voices...
Saki: Hehe...
Shiho: Wh-What is it, Saki...? The way you're smiling's kinda scaring me.
Saki: Don't be scared. I just wanna ask you to do something, Shiho.
Shiho: Ask me? I've got a bad feeling about this, so can we skip it...?
Saki: What?!
Ichika: I'd like you to hear this as well.
Honami: Yes, me too.
Shiho: What? That's only making me more suspicious...
Saki: Don't say that! The thing is...
Ichika: I'll show you the pictures we took at SpoJoy Park later, Honami.
Honami: Oh, really? Thank you, Ichika.
Honami: It's also nice to hear that you've gotten to know Ms. Yoisaki better than before.
Ichika: Huh? How can you tell?
Honami: Hehe. Because you're calling her by her first name.
Ichika: Oh, right... Yes, some things did happen...
Shiho: Ichika, Honami, the light turned green.
Ichika: Okay!
Honami: Photos are nice and all, Ichika, but I'd like to hear more about what you did at SpoJoy Park.
Ichika: Of course. We can talk as we walk.
Honami: Okay, thank you.
(Black cut)
