480_Ichika Hoshino_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I didn't realize the world's so beautiful.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Ichika: (So many people from the clubs were doing stuff outside, but it's very quiet in here...)
Ichika: (I guess it's natural since it's the middle of summer vacation. Only the people who planned to have club activities and such during this time are here.)
Ichika: (At the same time, it was suddenly decided yesterday that we'd have practice at school today. What led to that exactly?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-C]

Saki: Oh, there's Ichi! Over here!
Honami: Good morning, Ichika.
Ichika: Oh, good... Huh?
Minori: Good morning, Ichika!
Ichika: Y-You're all here...?! Why?
Saki: Heh heh heh. Guess what today is, Ichi?
Ichika: Um, my birthday? Wait, no...!
Saki: Hehe. Ready, everyone?
Saki: Ichi!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Ichika: Oh wow...!
Ichika: Thank you all so much...!
Ichika: Is this why you told me that we'd be having practice at school today?
Saki: Correct♪ No one's gonna be here because everyone's on summer vacation! That means we get to throw you a surprise birthday party! Exciting, right?!
Ichika: Hehe. I agree that I wasn't sure what to expect. I saw so many people outside, but hardly anyone inside.
Saki: Exactly! We talked about meeting at a diner or something, but this seemed like the better idea!
Shiho: Alright, settle down. I get that you're excited, but we still have some things left to do.
Honami: It's time to give you the presents we got you, Ichika.
Honami: Here, this is for you. It's from all of us!
Ichika: Thanks! Oh, it's a bag with a cute flower pattern on it.
Ichika: Hm...? There's something soft inside... And something hard...?
Shiho: Yeah, can you guess what they are?
Ichika: Hmm... The soft thing feels like a yakisoba bun... And the other feels like... A CD?
Honami: Well done, Ichika...! Both answers are correct.
Shiho: I'm actually kinda surprised that you got the yakisoba bun right.
Saki: Haha! That's our Ichi for you.
Honami: By the way, that CD's by the artist you were talking about who produces a lot of music using VIRTUAL SINGERS.
Ichika: Oh, you remembered. I really appreciate it!
Kohane: I got you a present too, Ichika. Here!
Ichika: What a beautiful bouquet! Huh? Wait... There's candy in it?!
Kohane: It's called a candy bouquet. I remember hearing that you like flowers, so I figured you'd like it if I got you some.
Ichika: Thank you! They're really cute!
Kohane: Hehe. There's also... This!
Ichika: Wow, another yakisoba bun!
Kohane: I thought it'd be fun for you to try out a different one, so I got this one from a different store than where Shiho and the others went. I hope you're okay with it being a little big...
Ichika: I really appreciate it, Kohane! I can eat yakisoba buns endlessly, so I'm sure I'll be able to finish it.
Haruka: Next is from us.
Haruka: Happy birthday, Hoshino. I got you the hand lotion that I use often.
Haruka: It also works well for massages, so I hope you get a chance to use it after practice to help your fingers recover.
Ichika: Thank you! I was just starting to worry about my fingers drying out and not being able to hold my pick properly.
Minori: That's great! Haruka and I thought really hard about what to get you!
Minori: So, we also looked for some yummy yakisoba buns that we figured you might like!
Ichika: Oh, what kind? Could it be from a famous shop?
Minori: Hehehe. Here you are!!
Ichika: Is this a food model?! Of a yakisoba bun?!
Ichika: It looks so real! And it's almost as big as the yakisoba buns I just received! I'm having a hard time telling which is real or fake!
Minori: By the way, you can use it as a keychain or stick it to the back of your phone and use it as a phone ring.
Ichika: That's amazing...!
Haruka: I was surprised when Minori picked it, but I'm glad to see that you like it so much.
Shiho: I had a feeling that she'd like it, but not this much...
Honami: Hehe. After all, Ichika can't get enough of yakisoba buns.
Ichika: Thank you all so much. I promise to cherish all the gifts you've given me today.
Ichika: I also promise to really savor all these yakisoba buns.
Minori: Great! Oh, wait... Except for the one I gave you!
Ichika: Hey, I'm not that desperate.
Everyone: Haha! Hehe.
Haruka: Also, Hoshino, do you know when you'll be putting on your next street performance?
Ichika: Street performance? I was planning on doing one tomorrow...
Minori: Awesome! Saki and the others were right!
Ichika: What?
Haruka: Hehe. Don't mind that part. Anyway, would you mind if we stopped by to watch?
Ichika: Of course. So, I'll be at...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Ready, everyone?
Everyone: Happy birthday, Ichika! Happy birthday, Ichi!
Ichika: Miku, all of you... Thank you so much!
Honami: I've finished dividing up the apple pie, everyone. Bone appetite.
Honami: Here's your slice, Ichika.
Rin: No fair! Hers looks bigger than the others!
Len: It does? I mean, I guess it should since it's her special day.
MEIKO: We put all the snacks onto plates! Mind making some room for me, everyone?
KAITO: Oh, I'm not sure we can fit all of these things onto one desk...
Luka: In that case, we can just bring another one over. Rin, Len, mind lending me a hand?
Rin & Len: Okay♪ Sure.
Shiho: Saki and I have something extra for you, Ichika.
Saki: Ta-daa! It's a chocolate name placard! Shiho and I worked really hard on it!
Ichika: Wait, you made this yourselves?
Shiho: Yeah, we decided to make you something after Honami said that she'd be baking you an apple pie.
Ichika: I see. Does that mean you two also drew these little drawings of me onto the placard?
Shiho: We did. I drew the one on the left and the one on the right is by Saki. Mine looks a little better by comparison, right?
Saki: Grr... Yes, Shiho, yours looks more like Ichi, but mine's still cuter!
Ichika & Honami: Haha. Hehe.
Ichika: ...
Ichika: (The thought that everyone, including Miku and the others, is here to celebrate my birthday makes me so...)
Miku (Ln): Ichika, have you had a chance to try this yet? It's really yummy.
Ichika: It is? Then, I think I'll give it a taste.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

[The next day]

[Scramble Crossing]

Ichika: (I'm all set to go, so I think I'll get started.)
Minori: There she is! Ichika!
Ichika: Minori, Kiritani! Wait, Saki and... You all came?
Saki: Hehe. We were hoping to be able to catch your street performance, Ichi!
Shiho: Same. We're looking forward to seeing what you have in store for us.
Ichika: Haha. I'm starting to get a bit nervous...
Honami: Hehe. I'm sure you'll do fine, Ichika. Just sing the way you always do.
Ichika: (Hm? I could've sworn that I saw Kohane just now... Or am I imagining things?)
Ichika: Alright, I'll get started.
Minori & Saki: Woohoo!
(Black cut)
Ichika: Thank you very much!
Ichika: Um, so... How was it? Did you all enjoy it?
Haruka: Yes, it was very enjoyable. I even got to hear you play some originals that you said you and your band made.
Minori: Yeah, I was so moved by those songs!
Saki: Me too! Even though we wrote it ourselves, I couldn't believe how different it felt when it was just one person playing it!
Honami: Oh, I felt the same way. It was like my heart was being gently wrapped in loving warmth...
Shiho: Yeah. I especially liked how you made it easy for your audience to really soak in the music.
Ichika: *Gasp* I'm so happy to hear that! I can't even begin to thank you all for...
???: Not so fast!
Ichika: That voice...
Ichika: Huh?! What are all of you guys doing here?
???: Don't forget us.
Ichika: Shizuku?! Momoi?!
Shizuku: Hehe. We received word from Minori and Kohane that you'd be doing a street performance today.
Tsukasa: We were told by Saki and felt that we had no choice but to rush over!
Emu: Sorry we couldn't celebrate with you yesterday, Ichika. We had to put on a show and couldn't make it to school because of it...
Nene: But we figured that we could celebrate with you today... Which is why we're all here...
Nene: So, um... Happy birthday, Hoshino.
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Ichika!
Emu: Yup yup! We wish you a happy and wonderhoy birthday!
Shizuku: We'd like to as well. Happy birthday, Ichika.
Airi: Happy birthday!
Ichika: Thank you...! Thank you all so much!
Kohane: Thank goodness our surprise went okay.
Nene: Yeah. Also, thanks for letting me know...
Kohane: Hehe. It was my pleasure!
Minori: If only Kanade and Ena were able to join us. Then everything would've been perfect...
Ichika: Huh? Did you invite them too?
Minori: Yeah, but Ena said that she had a prior commitment today.
Minori: As for Kanade, I'm not sure if she's even seen my message...
Ichika: I'm guessing she's hard at work composing more music.
Honami: Right. She may be taking a nap at this time too.
Minori: Oh, right...! But! I'm sure she would've come if she saw my message!
Ichika: I appreciate what you did, Minori...
Ichika: You as well, Kohane, Saki. Thank you for going through all this trouble for me. I really appreciate it.
Saki & Kohane: You're very welcome!
Emu: I really feel like singing now♪ Oh, let's all sing together!
Tsukasa: Hold on, Emu. If we do that, we'll cause a panic which will surely lead to a mob of people trampling over one another to listen to our beautiful voices, no?
Nene: Where does that confidence of yours come from exactly...?
Minori: Oh no! Ichika, I should've recorded your street performance on my phone for Kanade and Ena!!
Haruka: I took a video as per Airi's request.
Airi: Yeah, Ena seemed a little bummed out after inviting her and not being able to join us. I hope it'll help cheer her up.
Shizuku: That's so sweet of you, Airi. Let's make sure to send it to Ena and the others later.
Shiho: Kohane, thanks for helping out with Saki's surprise.
Kohane: No, that's okay. I had a lot of fun since I also wanted to do something to celebrate Ichika's birthday!
Honami: Also, I'm glad that the rain stopped. The weather forecast said that it'd be raining the entire day.
Saki: That must mean the growling weather charms we made based on Shibao must've worked.
Ichika: (They all gathered here just for me...)
Ichika: (Even though the world looked so dull and gray while feeling so lonely every day just after entering high school...)
Ichika: (But now...)
Emu: Oh, everyone, over there! Look at the sky!
Nene: Huh? The sky?
Ichika: Oh...
(Background change)
Saki: Wow, it's a rainbow! It's kinda far away but you can still see it!
Ichika: Yeah, it's beautiful...
Ichika: (Just so beautiful...)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000103/bg_s000103.webp)
Ena: Happy birthday, Ichika. I saw that video of your street performance. You were so amazing.
Ena: Let me know when you plan on doing another one. I really want to see you perform live. Also, exercising. Kanade in particular seems to need a workout partner to get motivated.
Kanade: Y-You didn't have to say it out loud...
Kanade: Um... Happy birthday, Hoshino. I apologize for not seeing that message sooner...
Kanade: But Ena showed me that video of your performance. I really enjoyed listening to your original music, so I'll make an effort to see you live next time.
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Hoshino. Kanade and Ena surprised me by saying that today's your special day. I wish I'd known sooner. It would've been so nice to celebrate...
Mafuyu: But we can do that with Kanade and Ena next time! For now, have a wonderful birthday!
Emu: Once more, Ichika, happy birthday!
Emu: Hehe. I know it's your special day, but I think we all had lots and lots of fun☆
Kohane: Yeah. I really enjoyed getting a hold of Nene and the others in secret and leading them around while we hid during your performance, Ichika.
Tsukasa: And you put on an excellent performance. Your singing voice was so good that even I felt somewhat envious at times!
Tsukasa: I've known you since you were little, and you used to be a bit rash or hasty back then... To think that you'd blossom like this...
Nene: Why are you talking like you're some distant uncle of hers? Also, give me a chance to talk. Gimme that!
Nene: So... I'm glad to see that you've been practicing so much. You even fixed the part that we talked about the other day...
Nene: And you're really making it clear how you feel through your singing. I hope you keep this up, and... I hope we get to practice together again soon.
Kohane: Oh, I'd like to join you guys for that. It's never not fun when we practice together and I always end up learning so much.
Tsukasa: Yes, pushing each other to reach higher ground. Such is the beauty of youth. Ichika, I hope you, Saki and the others all have fun!
Minori: Hehe. We got to spend two days celebrating your birthday! I've gotta think we, the party planners, also had a lot of fun!
Haruka: I agree. You seemed to really enjoy everything, Hoshino, so I'm glad we did this.
Shizuku: Ichika, you're always looking out for Shii's best interests, so I hope you two keep being the wonderful friends you are.
Airi: I mean, as long as the four of them are together, I'm sure they'll be able to overcome whatever obstacles that come their way.
Shizuku: Yes, I agree.
Haruka: See you at school, Hoshino!
Shiho: Happy birthday, Ichika. I don't know if you remember, but the time you said, “You're not a burden,” made me so happy...
Shiho: We have a long road ahead of us when it comes to making our dream a reality, but you have my complete trust. I'm looking forward to seeing what the future has in store for us...
Honami: Happy birthday, Ichika. Since we were little, I've always admired how you can focus on doing one thing after you've set your mind to it.
Honami: Which is why I want to be just like you and keep doing whatever I can for our band. Hehe. I'll be right there with you.
Saki: Ichi! Happy, happy, happy birthday!
Saki: So... U-Uh oh... I forgot what I was going to say! I had so many things prepared!
Saki: I was gonna say something about school, about studying, about club stuff and work stuff, about our band! Everything!
Saki: But I have to thank you for all of the above! I'm standing here today because you've always been there for me!
Saki: Hehe. Let's be besties forever and ever until we're both old and gray♪
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: So many people joined me to celebrate my birthday.
Ichika: I don't want your kindness to go to waste, so I'll have to do my best to move forward and make real progress.
Ichika: Because I believe that showing you how I grow along the way is the best way to show my appreciation for you.
Ichika: I have to do everything I can to make Leo/need a much better band, and I personally have to figure out a way to become a better songwriter.
Ichika: Especially since I want to give Miku a good song to sing someday...
Ichika: Anyway, I'll see you later. Thank you so much for today!
(White cut)
