494_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Waiting For Inspiration (event_69)

Gacha phrase: I have to make it happen with my words.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: We're here! Let's train as hard as we can again today♪
Ichika: Oh, Honami, you're here too. Hm...? Where's Shiho?
Honami: She sent us a message saying she's going to be running a little late because homeroom is taking longer than expected.
Saki: Oh, you're right...! We should probably wait since Miku and the others aren't here yet either.
Ichika: Okay.
Ichika: But I still sort of can't believe that they agreed to watch us practice every day like this.
Saki: Yeah♪ And we get a different teacher for each session, which makes it just that much more fun!
Honami: I really hope we're able to play at Shiho's level after working on playing our instruments for two weeks.
Honami: Especially after it became clear the other day just how wide a skill gap there is between her and us...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: If Shiho plays at 100%, our performance begins to fall apart...
Ichika: And she tries to prevent that from happening by playing at our level.
Saki: Yeah...
Saki: And she probably played like she really meant it when she was with STANDOUT.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: The way Shiho played then was so cool...
Saki: I know, right?! I really want her to play like that when she's performing with us.
Ichika: ...
Ichika: (Shiho hasn't put her bass down ever since she was little...ever since she asked if we wanted to form a band... She just kept playing...)
Ichika: (She practiced so much... Catching up to her won't be easy.)
Ichika: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: Yes, we want to go pro, but that doesn't mean we'll take whatever we're given...!
Shiho: I... We want to do that by getting recognized for our own music. We're no different from you guys!
(White cut)
Shiho: We'll be performing here again in a month.
Shiho: If you think that little of our music, we'll just have to let it do the talking for us.
Shiho: We'll prove you wrong and make you eat those words.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (Shiho said “we” that time.)
Ichika: (She said that she wants “our music” to do the talking.)
Ichika: Saki, Honami...
Ichika: Shiho honestly believes that we possess the ability to prove Saku wrong and get our music to resonate with everyone at that live house.
Ichika: So, let's do our best... Let's give it everything we have.
Honami: Ichika...
Ichika: I know that we've all been doing our best until now to put on good performances...
Ichika: But we're going to have to do even more this time.
Ichika: We'll need to do absolutely everything in our power so that Shiho will be able to play without holding back!
Saki: ...!
Saki: Y-Yeah... I want that to happen too...
Ichika: I get that it's not going to be easy... However...
Ichika: That's the only way we'll be able to make Shiho happy.
Honami: Ichika...
Saki: You're right, Ichi!
Saki: We can't wait for “someday” to roll around. We have to get good right now!
Honami: Right! Let's do it, Ichika!
Ichika: Thank you so much, Saki, Honami...!
Saki: Alright, you two! Let's huddle up to get ourselves good and pumped!
Saki: Let's do absolutely everything we possibly can during these next two weeks to give Shiho a chance to play at her very best!!
Saki: Leo/need! Here we...!
Ichika, Honami & Saki: Go!!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: No, this sounds too muddy... I should be able to play it much cleaner.
Rin: But I think you've come a long way since you first started! Let's keep trying and get a sound that you're happy with today!
Rin: Remember the fretting techniques we talked about! And how to move up and down the fretboard!
Ichika: Okay!
Rin: (I tried practicing this part too, and I totally get what she means about it sounding muddy! It's so hard to smoothly move your fingers into the right places!)
Rin: (Wait...! This attempt's going really great! If she can keep this up...)
Ichika: ...!!
Rin: Ichi, what's wrong...?!
Ichika: Ow... My finger...
Rin: Your finger...? Is that blood...?! Your finger's bleeding!
Rin: Oh no! We need the first aid kit!
Ichika: Wait, Rin!
(Black cut)
Rin: I got the first aid kit!
Miku (Ln): I heard that you're hurt, Ichika! Are you okay?!
Ichika: Miku? You're here too...?
Miku (Ln): I was practicing by myself since I wasn't assigned to tutor anyone today. Then I heard Rin shouting...
Miku (Ln): Anyway, are you okay?
Ichika: Y-Yeah, I just cut my finger a little...
Miku (Ln): Rin, we need to clean her wound and the area around it first...
Rin: Okay! Ichi, this is gonna sting a bit...!
(Black cut)
Rin: Let's put a bandage on it and... There. All done!
Ichika: Thanks, Rin. Also, Miku, sorry for causing such a big fuss.
Miku (Ln): No, that's okay. I'm just glad that it wasn't so bad.
Miku (Ln): But you need to stop playing for the day.
Ichika: What?! Wait, I have so much time left to practice...
Miku (Ln): No. What if it gets worse? Also, you probably won't be able to play very well if you have to keep thinking about your cut. If anything, you may pick up some bad habits.
Rin: She's right, Ichi!
Rin: There are times when you can go a bit overboard and times when you really shouldn't. This is one of those times when you shouldn't!
Ichika: ...
Ichika: Yeah, okay... You're right...
Ichika: I was sure that I would've developed calluses by now after practicing so much...
Ichika: Injuring myself at a time when I can't afford to... I still have a long way to go...
Miku (Ln): I disagree, Ichika...
Miku (Ln): For these training sessions, you're practicing at a much harder pace than usual.
Miku (Ln): There's no reason to think that you haven't been doing your best until this point.
Rin: Yeah, I'm with Miku-P on this one!
Rin: All you gotta do is think of some things that you can do that don't involve playing your guitar.
Ichika: Like... Finger exercises?
Rin: That could work, but... Gimme a second!
Rin: Ta-daa! I'm gonna play as you, Ichi!
Miku (Ln): Huh? What do you mean?
Rin: Just watch! Lemme see... The part you were playing just now went like...
Ichika: Hey, it's that sound! It's a lot like the muddy sound that I got when I was practicing just now.
Rin: I've been having trouble with this part too... The sound I get when I don't get it right is really similar to yours, Ichi.
Rin: So, I'm gonna try playing it in your place. That might give you some ideas as to what you can do!
Ichika: Rin...
Ichika: Right. I can't let a little cut stop me in my tracks. If you don't mind...
Rin: Of course!
Miku (Ln): If Rin's going to play for you, Ichika, then I'll be the tutor. Is this more or less what you wanted that part to sound like?
Ichika & Rin: ...!
Rin: Way to go, Miku-P! That sounded awesome!
Ichika: It really did! Rin, how did it sound when I played it?
Rin: The same as Miku-P for most of it. But what separates you from her is... Oh, the timing for when you fret!
Rin: Watch me for a bit. When you don't quite get it right, Ichi, your timing's all...
Miku (Ln): (I haven't seen these two practice much together before, but they seem to make a nice duo.)
(Black cut)
