535_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Connecting Tones (event_76)

Gacha phrase: I think I'm close to what I imagined!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

(Black cut)
Shiho: Okay... This seems like a good place to stop.
Ichika: Yeah, I agree.
Honami: Nice work, everyone.
Saki: Hey, guess what? I brought some snacks with me today for all of us! Bon appetit♪
Honami: Thank you, Saki. In that case, I think I'll have some.
Ichika: Oh, I've been seeing the commercial for those chocolate ones a lot lately. They're a seasonal flavor, right?
Saki: Yeah! There's also...
Saki: Here! They just came out with these orange-flavored gummies! I really recommend them! When you put one in your mouth, you get hit with a wave of orangey deliciousness!
Shiho: Hehe. Orangey deliciousness?
Saki: You'll know when you try them! So, here! Have some!
Shiho: Okay, okay. I'll take one.
Honami: I'd like some of those chocolate ones.
Saki: Take what you like, Ichi!
Ichika: Uh, okay. Thanks.
Ichika: ...
Saki: Ichi...? Do you not know which to choose?
Ichika: Yeah, both sound really good...
Saki: Haha. Oh, Ichi. You know you can have both, right? I brought plenty.
Ichika: Really? Then, I think I'll do just that...
Ichika: Still, which do I start with...?
Shiho: I really don't think this requires that much thought.
Ichika: I know. I'm just wondering how the orange gummy will taste after I have something that's chocolate-flavored.
Ichika: She went through the trouble of bringing them for us, so I'd like to enjoy them in the best way possible.
Honami: Hehe. Ichika, that reminds me of how you couldn't decide which rice ball to eat when I made some for you and Ms. Yoisaki.
Saki: What? That sounds like a fun story!
Honami: So, the other day, Ichika and I went over to Ms. Yoisaki's... We went over to the person who I do housework for's house.
Honami: Since I was going over with Ichika, I thought that I could make some salmon and cod roe rice balls for them...
Honami: But Ichika ended up spending around ten minutes deciding which to eat first.
Saki: Wait, ten minutes?!
Ichika: It took me that long...?
Shiho: Honestly, how did you end up spending so much time on that?
Ichika: So... I was going to try a cod roe one first since I had had a salmon one just the other day from the convenience store.
Ichika: However, I thought the ones Honami made were bound to taste different, which is why my eyes started wandering towards the salmon...
Saki: Oh, that makes total sense!
Saki: I remember buying a ham sandwich from somewhere this one time and having Hona share the ones that she made with me. When I tried them, they were both really yummy♪
Shiho: Ohh... That was when your lunch and what you shared ended up being the same thing, right?
Honami: Yes, it also happened with egg salad and tuna sandwiches...
Ichika: But you brought a ham sandwich on purpose that time, didn't you?
Saki: Yeah! And they were both really good!
Saki: But I thought the sandwiches you made were better, Hona, because you filled them with so much love!
Honami: Really? Hehe. Thank you, Saki.
Saki: Which is why I'd get how you'd want to try something Hona made even though you had something similar from a convenience store just recently.
Ichika: *Nod* Thank you for understanding.
Shiho: I see. I think I sorta get why you couldn't immediately decide that time...
Shiho: But this is a choice between chocolates or gummies. Homemade isn't exactly an option.
Ichika: Oh...
Saki: Haha! So, why not have both at the same time?
Ichika: A-At the same time?
Saki: Yeah! Think about orangettes! They give you a yummy mix of orangey and chocolatey goodness, right?
Saki: So, why not have both at the same time?!
Ichika: Y-Yeah... I guess...?
Saki: Actually, I'm curious now too. Let's all try them together♪
Ichika: Okay, let's give it a try.
Saki: Hehe. *Nom*
Ichika: Hm...?
Honami: How is it...?
Ichika: Mmm! Really good!
Saki: Mmmm! It's like this refreshing sweetness that melts in your mouth!
Saki: This might actually be the best way to eat these! Shiho, Hona, you both gotta try this!
Shiho: You think so?
Honami: Then, let's give it a try.
Shiho: Mmm. Yeah, this is actually pretty good.
Honami: Yes, it is! I love how your mouth becomes filled with the aroma of chocolates and oranges at the same time. This combination makes my mouth so happy.
Saki: I know, right?! And we have you to thank, Ichi! Your indecision led to this unbelievable discovery!
Ichika: I think you're giving me too much credit.
Ichika, Saki, Shiho & Honami: Hehe. Haha!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Yoisaki Household - Kitchen]

Honami: Hello, Ms. Yoisaki.
Kanade: Hello. Please come in.
Ichika: Pardon the intrusion. I really appreciate you having me again.
Kanade: No, it's my pleasure. Also, I heard that you finished your song.
Ichika: Yes, I did! And I wanted to thank you for your advice, Kanade.
Kanade: There's no need to thank me. If anything, you gave me the inspiration for another song.
Kanade: So, thank you.
Ichika: No, please...! But that does make me really happy.
Ichika: Anyway, as a small token of my appreciation...
Ichika: Here are some mini cream puffs. I was thinking that you'd like to have something sweet while you work, or whenever you need a little boost of energy.
Kanade: That's so thoughtful of you. Thank you, Hoshino.
Kanade: I think I'll have one right now.
Honami: Then, I'll make some tea. Please sit and relax, you two.
Kanade: Okay, thank you.
Kanade: That reminds me. Would you mind if I listened to your song, Hoshino?
Ichika: Of course I wouldn't...! I just need one second to get it set up!
(Black cut)
Kanade: ...
Ichika: ...
Kanade: Yes, it's nice...
Kanade: This kindness... I get a clear feeling throughout the song that you want to help or support someone.
Ichika: ...!
Ichika: Thank you so much, Kanade!
Honami: That's great, Ichika.
Ichika: Thanks!
Ichika: I was able to finish this song because of your help, Kanade. So, again, thank you!
Kanade: Like I said, there's no need to thank me.
Kanade: I believe that you were able to finish your song because you were willing to take a hard look at it and never gave up.
Honami: I was also surprised when I heard that you were working on a song. It's impressive considering how much we usually practice...
Ichika: I wanted to do this so that Saki wouldn't have to work as hard...
Ichika: Also, to sing with Miku.
Kanade: To sing with Miku? That's a very nice reason.
Ichika: I-It is...?
Kanade: Yes. Given how this was your first song, I was very impressed by how well-tuned Miku's voice was.
Kanade: It's clear that you care greatly about her.
Ichika: Thank you very much...!
(Black cut)
Kanade: Thank you for the mini cream puffs. They were delicious.
Ichika: I'm glad you liked them. Well, to be fair, Honami helped pick them out.
Honami: Hehe. I have a feeling that you're also going to like our other little gift.
Kanade: Other little gift?
Ichika: Yes. Honami told me about how she places some flowers in a vase after she finishes cleaning each time. I helped choose ones for today.
Kanade: Ah, yes... I'm looking forward to seeing what kind you chose.
Ichika: Today's flowers are... Gerberas! I chose these because they come in a variety of vibrant and beautiful colors, and most types symbolize optimism.
Kanade: Yes, just looking at all these beautiful colors is putting a smile on my face. Thank you, Hoshino.
Kanade: While we're on the subject, Ms. Mochizuki, you usually ask Hoshino for advice regarding which flowers to bring each time, right?
Honami: Yes, Ichika knows quite a lot about flowers.
Kanade: Your name came up a long time ago, but I finally have this opportunity to thank you.
Ichika: What?
Kanade: Thank you for always choosing such lovely flowers, Hoshino.
Ichika: Wait, no, um! I just like thinking about what kinds of flowers people might like to receive! I really don't deserve to be thanked...
Ichika: If anything, they're my way of thanking you. I mean, I owe you so much...
Kanade: We've been thanking each other so much today...
Ichika: Yes, we have...
Honami: Hehe. Ichika, I'll take the flowers. Ms. Yoisaki, I'll place them in a vase now.
Kanade: Okay, thank you.
Kanade: I want these gerberas to last as long as possible, so I promise to cherish them.
Ichika: Oh, thank you... Wait, I did it again...
Ichika & Kanade: Hehe.
(Black cut)
