580_Ichika Hoshino_R2 Nervous Message Of Thanks (event_83)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino)

[Ichika's Room]

Ichika: *Sigh*
Ichika: (I'm almost finished with my homework... I think I'll take a quick break and see how our videos are doing.)
Ichika: Oh... The video of us has gotten a few more views.
Ichika: So many people have been listening to our song...
Ichika: (Including people who don't know us or who live in areas too far away for us to perform in yet...)
Ichika: (I hope that someday we'll be able to move the hearts of a huge number of people with our music...)
Ichika: (Like Miku...)
Ichika: Oh, I should see how the video with Miku singing is doing...
Ichika: Let's see... Wow, this one's gotten even more views!
Ichika: Hehe...
Ichika: I think I have Kanade to thank for this one as well.
Ichika: Oh, speaking of which... We've been so busy that I haven't had a chance to tell her anything about what's happened.
Ichika: (As much as I'd like to tell her in person, it doesn't seem right for me to ask to go over to her house again. For now, I'll just send her a message...)
Ichika: Umm... <Pardon me. I know this is very sudden.>
Ichika: No, that's way too formal...
Ichika: (We have a group chat with Minori and the others in it, so I should be a little more informal...)
Ichika: Um... <Long time no see.> No, it hasn't actually been that long...
Ichika: <Hello. How are you doing?> No, still doesn't sound right... What if I just said, “Good evening?”
Ichika: <Good evening. I posted that song we discussed the other day!> Wait, the exclamation point seems unnecessary. How about an emoji instead...?
Ichika: Oh, I know. I should paste the video links. The one with our band and the one with Miku... Also...
(Black cut)
Ichika: Okay, done. And... Send.
Ichika: There... It looks a little longer than I was expecting, but I think I managed to say everything that I wanted to...
Ichika: (I hope she replies...)
Ichika: Now I'm getting anxious... For now, I should go back to finishing my homework.
Ichika: ...
Ichika: ...
Ichika: ...
Ichika: Still no reply...
Ichika: (She's probably focused on writing a song right now.)
Ichika: (Which could mean that she won't see my message until tomorrow...)
Ichika: I should rest early tonight so I'm ready for practice tomorrow...
Ichika: Oh, she replied...!
Message from Kanade (Kanade): <I>
Ichika: I...? Oh, here's another one.
Message from Kanade (Kanade): <Sorry, I have trouble typing messages on my phone and>
Message from Kanade (Kanade): <keep sending them before they're finished.>
Ichika: Oh, that's right. She replied using stamps in our group chat that other time... Is it because she's not used to typing out messages on her phone?
Ichika: <It's okay. Please take your time.>
Ichika: Oh, an otter stamp... Hehe. It's saying, “Thank you.”
Ichika: (Minori showed these stamps to us, didn't she? These otters are making such funny facial expressions... And to think that Kanade's using them...)
Message from Kanade (Kanade): <I think I'm getting the hang of typing on my phone.>
Message from Kanade (Kanade): <I saw the videos, and listened to your band's performance. I liked the way you all played, and the song is good, so it should keep getting more views.>
Ichika: Oh, she listened to it.
Ichika: That makes me so happy...
Ichika: <I really appreciate it. It's all thanks to the advice you gave me, Kanade.>
Ichika: <I hope we get another chance to work together like that. But for now, good night.> Oh, I'll toss in a stamp too...
Ichika: Hehe. We sent each other the same “good night” stamp...
Ichika: I'm so glad that I finally got to tell her...
Ichika: Oh, that reminds me...
Ichika: Honami was asking about which flowers to bring the next time she goes over to Kanade's house.
Ichika: I think I'll look some up before I go to bed. Let's see... The ones she took over last time were...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Holiday]

[Miyamasuzaka]

Saki: Ahh♪ Another day, another good practice!
Ichika: We still have some work left to do, but we've steadily been making progress...
Shiho: Our goal should be to practice everything we can, so let's keep up this momentum.
Saki: Okay, Ms. Shiho!
Honami: Hehe. It's really starting to feel like our show's just around the corner.
Saki: I know, right?! Our solo show's gonna be the most powerful ever! Humhum♪
Ichika: You seem pretty excited, Saki.
Saki: I am! Practicing for our solo show's been fun, but we also get to go to the flower shop together today!
Honami: Yes, it's been quite a while since we last went together.
Shiho: Didn't you also get super pumped up the last time we went?
Saki: Yup♪ I'd been wanting to go ever since that time I was in the hospital.
Saki: I really wanted to see what the shop was like since the flowers I got were so cute!
Saki: Which is why I was so happy when we finally all went together.
Ichika: Yeah, me too... All of us, together.
Saki: Hehe...
(Black cut)
Ichika: Um, hello?
Florist Lady: Oh, hello there! You're all back!
Ichika: Yes.
Saki: Hey, Shiho, look! These flowers are so cute!
Shiho: Which ones...? Oh, you're right. They're adorably tiny.
Florist Lady: Hehe. Feel free to browse all you like. Do you know which kind you're looking for today?
Ichika: Um... We're looking for something that a friend of ours can put on display at their house. I was thinking these and these...
Florist Lady: Ah, nice choices. Then, I'll also throw in these ones for free. They should add a nice, colorful accent.
Ichika: Oh, for free? Thank you very much.
Honami: Wow... They're so pretty...!
Florist Lady: Hehe. I'm sure the flowers also appreciate your compliment. Anyway, I just need a second to wrap these up.
Ichika: Okay, thank you.
Honami: Thank you for doing this, Ichika.
Florist Lady: Alright, here you are.
Saki: Wow, they're so adorable!
Ichika: Thank you very much. I'm sure our friend's going to like them a lot. Right, Honami...?
Honami: Yes, they look wonderful. And they smell so nice...
Florist Lady: Hehe. That's good to hear. By the way, what's that you're carrying...? A musical instrument?
Ichika: Oh, this? It's a guitar. Actually, the four of us are in a band...
Florist Lady: Wait, you are?!
Saki: Yes! We've been writing our own songs and are putting on a solo show soon!
Florist Lady: That's incredible! Sounds like you're all really enjoying life!
Saki: Hehe. Thank you very much! We're trying to make the most of our youth!
Shiho: Most people don't usually say that out loud...
Florist Lady: That's so wonderful. Flowers are one thing, of course, but I like how music also has these healing properties.
Florist Lady: Oh, would it be possible for me to hear some of your songs? I'd love to put them on in the shop.
Saki: Wait, really?! I-I-I-Ichi! This is a huge advertisement chance for us!
Ichika: Oh, um... We have a channel on this video platform... We put our songs up here.
Florist Lady: So, I can listen to them here? That's convenient. I should have no problem playing them.
Honami: Also, if you don't mind...
Saki: Wait, that's—!
Ichika: Honami, you've been carrying our flyers around?
Honami: Yes. I've been making sure to lately in the hopes that some shops will let us put them up.
Shiho: Nice thinking.
Saki: Yeah! Way to go, Hona!
Honami: This is a flyer for our solo show. Could we ask you to put it up on display somewhere inside your shop?
Florist Lady: Yes, I'd love to. I can't guarantee how much it'll help, but I'll try finding a place where people will notice!
Honami: Okay! Thank you very much...!
Florist Lady: Also, how would you feel about someone my age coming to see your show?
Ichika: Of course, we'd love to see you there!
Florist Lady: Oh, wonderful! I'll be looking forward to it. Hehe. I'll make sure to keep this day free.
Ichika: Thank you very much!
Saki: Hehe. Let's do our best♪
Honami: Yes, let's!
Ichika: We promise to do everything we can to give you the best performance possible...!
(Black cut)
