583_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Warmth In The Dim Light (event_84)

Gacha phrase: It smells nice...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Nene Kusanagi, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Shopping Mall]

Ichika: Let's see... The wrapping paper and such should be...
Honami: Over here. On these shelves...
Nene: Wait, all of these...? So many to choose from...
Kanade: I'm not sure which we should get.
Honami: I'm so sorry, everyone... I thought I'd gotten everything we needed, but I completely forgot to buy wrapping supplies...
Kanade: No, that's okay since we all forgot about it as well.
Nene: So, these look like boxes that you put together yourself... Oh, they even have bags with bows on them.
Kanade: Would you recommend boxes since they'll probably protect what's inside better?
Honami: Yes, but you may want to place your candles inside plastic bags first if you do plan on putting them into little boxes.
Honami: Also, I recommend using bubble wrap and such to ensure that they maintain their shape.
Kanade: Right... Thank you. I'll try looking for some now.
Ichika: It sounds like Kanade's going with boxes. What should I do...?
Nene: I don't know which to go with either. I can't decide between boxes and bags...
Honami: Hehe. I'll be happy to answer any questions that you have.
Ichika: Thanks, Honami! The thing is, I sort of have an idea already.
Ichika: I was hoping to keep the wrapping fairly simple so that the person opening it will be surprised by what's inside.
Nene: Oh, that sounds fun.
Honami: Then... How about plain wrapping paper like this one?
Ichika: Yeah, that might work...!
Nene: By the way, Mochizuki... How do you choose wrapping paper in these sorts of situations?
Honami: Me...? Well... I usually start by thinking about my gift's recipient.
Honami: For example, for Saki, I'd probably choose something cute and fun that uses bright colors.
Honami: For Shiho, I'd choose something much cooler and simpler!
Nene: I see... It's sort of the same thing we did when choosing the fragrances for our candles.
Nene: Thank you, Mochizuki. I think I have a better idea of what to get now.
Ichika: Me too. I'll try putting your advice into practice. Thanks.
Honami: Hehe. You're welcome.
(Black cut)
Ichika: *Sigh* I'm glad we were able to get everything we needed.
Honami: Speaking of which, Ms. Yoisaki, you bought quite a few boxes. I sort of feel like you got too many...
Kanade: Me? Oh, um... I bought more than I needed just in case I made a mistake or something.
Nene: I also bought extras too just in case...
Ichika: Actually, me too...
Kanade: Oh...
Ichika: Great minds think alike?
Ichika, Nene, Kanade & Honami: Hehehe.
Ichika: I hope everyone likes what we made...
Nene: Yeah... I'm already getting nervous...
Honami: I'm sure they will. I mean, you put so much thought into all of them.
Kanade: Right. Not only that...
Kanade: We all worked incredibly hard on them.
Ichika: ...!
Ichika: Right!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

[Valentine's Day]

[Scramble Crossing]

Ichika: ...
Ichika: (This is it... I'm giving everyone the candles I made today... I really hope they like them...)
Ichika: (Wah...!)
Passerby: Oh no! I'm sorry!
Ichika: I-It's okay. I'm sorry too.
Ichika: (Geez, I know I'm nervous, but I really need to watch where I'm going...)
Ichika: Wait, my candles...!
Ichika: *Sigh* Undamaged. Thank goodness...
Ichika: (Actually, it's probably going to take more than that for them to crack or break... And yet, I can't help but worry...)
Honami: Good morning, Ichika!
Ichika: Oh, Honami! Good morning!
Honami: I saw you checking inside your bag just now. Does that have...?
Ichika: Yeah, they're the candles I made for everyone.
Ichika: That reminds me. Thanks to you, Honami, I was able to tie those bows on really nicely... Look!
Honami: Oh, they're not in granny knots anymore!
Honami: You really surprised me last night when you sent me that message saying, “HELP!” But I'm glad they turned out so well.
Ichika: I couldn't have done this without you since all I could tie before were those granny knots...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika: I've placed the candles in plastic bags like Honami said...
Ichika: And the wrapping varies depending on the receiver, so I'll need to be careful not to mix them up. After that, I just need to tie bows on them...
Ichika: I think I'll start with Saki's...
Ichika: Okay, that should... Huh?
Ichika: No, it's a granny knot... Let me try that again...
Ichika: Wait, huh? That's odd... One more time...
Ichika: Hang on. Why does this keep happening...? No, I just have to start over and...
Ichika: Okay, that seems... Still no!
Ichika: I don't remember it being so hard to tie bows nicely.
Ichika: Am I getting mixed up somewhere...? Let me try... No, I don't know what I'm doing wrong...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: Hehe. You even sent me that video of you trying to tie those bows.
Honami: You had this incredibly serious but worried look on your face. So worried that your brow was getting all wrinkled.
Ichika: Wait, you saw me...? I thought I sent you a video of what my hands were doing...
Honami: I think your phone fell off its stand towards the beginning...
Honami: And there was a split second where you appeared... One second...
Honami: Oh, here.
Ichika: Oh, you're right... I look so grouchy.
Honami: No, I can tell that you were working very hard on your gift.
Honami: So, I'm sure Saki, Shiho, Miku and the others are going to love what you made for them.
Ichika: Honami...
Ichika: Yeah, thanks...
Ichika: To be honest, I'm pretty nervous, but I'm also looking forward to seeing how they react to these.
Honami: Hehe. Me too.
(Black cut)
