643_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Escape By Sea (event_94)

Gacha phrase: This way! I think we can make it!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

[Red Brick Center - Building 1, 2nd Floor]

Haruka: What do you think...?
Ichika: I think it's a pretty good disguise. No one's even looking our way.
Haruka: That's good to hear. I guess it's thanks to this hat you've picked out for me.
Sonoda: Hehe. You're welcome.
Inoue: But coming up with a disguise is kinda hard, huh. If you go overboard hiding your face, it just makes you stand out more because of how suspicious you look.
Saki: And Haruka looks good in everything. Whether it's a hat or some glasses, she just looks fashionable.
Sonoda: Hahaha. But then that becomes a different reason for people to look.
Ichika: I think there's a limit to what Kiritani can wear, though. Even if it is for a disguise...
Saki: Tsk tsk tsk. You're naive, Ichi.
Saki: Anything that looks lame on us, Haruka can pull off like a total supermodel!
Haruka: Hehe. I think you have a little too much faith in me.
Haruka: It seems like no one is looking at us while we're here chatting.
Inoue: Okay then, let's go back to shopping!
Saki & Sonoda: Yeah!
Haruka: Hehe. Yeah!
Ichika: (I wasn't sure what was going to happen after those elementary school kids noticed Kiritani, but...)
Ichika: (With this, she should be able to have fun without having to worry anymore.)
Sonoda: Oh, look over there! That looks like a decor shop.
Saki: Wow! They're selling stuff from Scandinavia! That's so nice and chic!
Haruka: Sounds interesting. Let's go have a look.
Ichika: Okay!
(Black cut)
Saki: Whoa! Look at this table! The wood is so pretty!
Sonoda: These Scandinavian products have this really nice natural aesthetic to them.
Haruka: They do. I'm sure putting some of these in a room would give it a calming effect.
Inoue: I like the sound of that! Even just one or two cushions could totally make a vibe!
Sonoda: Oh, the cushions are over that way. I was thinking about taking a look. Did you want to come with?
Inoue: Really? Yeah, let's go!
Haruka: I'll keep having a look at the lifestyle section here for a little bit.
Ichika: I think I will too.
Saki: Me too! Hope you find something good♪
Inoue: Thanks! Alright, we'll see you in a bit!
Ichika: Oh, there's a catalog of the furniture over there. Want to have a look?
Haruka: Yes, let's.
Ichika: Wow, this room only has a bed, a table and a dresser, and yet it looks so nice...
Haruka: You're right. I wonder if it's because it doesn't look too lived-in...
Saki: Hey, check this out! Is it just me or does the placement of the furniture kinda look similar to my room?
Ichika: Huh? Oh, you're right. The layout and the way they've put photos on the wall does look similar.
Haruka: Oh, I see. Does it have the same feel too?
Ichika: I'd say Saki's room is the total opposite. It has a much cuter look to it.
Saki: What she said♪ I have a cute and colorful floor rug and decorated the room with stars♪
Haruka: Hehe, a cute look, huh. I think I can picture that.
Haruka: What's your room like, Hoshino?
Ichika: My room? Nothing special, you know? I have a desk and my bed against the wall and a table in the middle.
Ichika: And...two windows.
Haruka: Oh, my room also has two windows. It's nice getting a lot of sunlight and having the wind come in during the summer.
Saki: Oooh! Hey Haruka, tell us more about your room♪
Haruka: I have my bed near the window and next to that is my desk.
Haruka: Also... I have some wall shelves above my desk, and...
Haruka: It's a little embarrassing, but I have penguin items around the room too. They're a combination of plushies I bought myself and ones given to me.
Ichika: Oh right, you love penguins. So that means it's a pretty cute room, no?
Haruka: I guess if I had to say so, then yes... But I also made space for my workout equipment, which doesn't quite fit the whole atmosphere...
Ichika: Workout equipment?
Saki: Like dumbbells and stuff?
Haruka: Yes. I also have a push-up bar for when I do push-ups and a roller for ab workouts.
Saki: That's amazing! I know that you go running and maintain a diet, but I didn't know you also do strength training!
Haruka: I do. Although, these days I mainly do it to keep my body in shape.
Haruka: To be honest, I actually want to collect more penguin goods and make my own little south pole...
Saki: South pole?! Wouldn't you catch a cold?!
Ichika: Why did you assume that she'll turn down the temperature too?
Saki: Wait, what? I'm confused...
Ichika & Haruka: Haha. Hehe.
Ichika: But a room filled with all of your favorite things sounds nice...
Saki: Maybe you should decorate your room with yakisoba bun cushions and stuff, Ichi.
Ichika: Hmmm... That would be nice, but I think I'd be happier with Miku merch.
Saki: Hahaha, true♪
Haruka: Hey, would you mind telling me more about your rooms?
Saki: Sure! I want to hear more about your room too!
Ichika: Looks like Inoue and Sonoda will be a while, so we can keep chatting for a bit.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Saki: Ichi! Morning!
Ichika: Morning, Saki.
Saki: The field trip was so much fun! I was talking to my mom about Yokohama the whole night after I got home♪
Ichika: I did the same thing when I gave my parents their souvenirs. I told them about how I went on the water taxi with Kiritani and all that.
Saki: Ah!
Saki: Time out, Ichi! You're supposed to call her by her first name!
Ichika: Huh? Oh...that's right...
Ichika: I'm so used to calling her by her last name that it's a bit hard to just switch—
Haruka: Good morning.
Ichika: Good morning, Kiritani—oh...
Saki: *Whistle* You called her by her last name again! You get a yellow card, Ichi!
Ichika: *Grimace* That's what I was saying before. It's just reflex...
Haruka: Even if we agreed to switch, it does take some time to get used to it, huh?
Ichika: But still, it does make me happy to call each other by our first names... I'll try my best.
Saki: Hmm. If it's just about getting used to it, then why don't we play a game to help with that?
Ichika: What? A game?
Saki: Yeah! Before speaking, you first say the other person's name, and then the person who is spoken to will say your name after they reply.
Saki: And you're not allowed to slip up or forget to call them by their first name♪
Haruka: That sounds interesting. Okay, I guess it'd go something like this...
Haruka: Ichika, the field trip was so much fun.
Ichika: Oh, uh...yes. I was just talking to Saki about it.
Saki: Ichi, her name! Don't forget her name!
Ichika: What? Oh...Haruka.
Saki: There we go! That's the spirit! Alright, now you try starting Ichi♪
Ichika: Okay. Um...
Ichika: Haruka... The weather's really nice today.
Haruka: Hehe. It really is, Ichika.
Haruka: Ichika, have you given your family their souvenirs?
Ichika: Yes. Mom and Dad really liked them. It was worth spending all of that time picking them out with everyone.
Ichika: ...Haruka.
Ichika: Um... Saki, you said that you couldn't stop talking about Yokohama with your mom yesterday, right?
Saki: Mhm! From when we were on the way to after we got there, I told her about everything♪
Saki: I had so much to say that she ended up listening and chatting with me even after dinner, Ichi.
Ichika: (Even Saki is sticking to the rules...)
Ichika: Haruka, what about you? Did you talk to your family about the trip?
Haruka: I did. And when I gave them the souvenir sailor penguin chocolates we saw after we got off the water taxi...
Haruka: My mom said that she had actually seen them before when she went to Yokohama with her friends a long time ago.
Saki: Really? So that means they must be pretty popular.
Haruka: I think so.
Haruka: She also said that she's been friends with them ever since. So, this is a bit of a strange segue, but...
Haruka: Here, I'd like you two to have some.
Saki: Wow!!! Does that mean if we eat these, our friendship will be forever lasting?!
Haruka: Hehe. It's not like they actually ate these, so this is just a token of sorts...
Ichika: Even so, that makes me happy. I also want to be closer friends with you, Haruka.
Haruka: We should get to our seats. See you—
Ichika: Oh! Wait, Haruka! You too, Saki.
Ichika: Would you two like to eat lunch together, the three of us?
Haruka: I'd like that. Sounds good.
Saki: Mhm! Let's have lunch together♪
Ichika: I can't wait.
Ichika: Saki, thanks for suggesting that game. I think I've gotten the hang of calling Haruka by her first name now.
Saki: Hehehe. You're very welcome♪
(Black cut)
