683_Ichika Hoshino_R4 The Vow In My Heart (event_101)

Gacha phrase: I'm going to keep singing.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

(Black cut)
Ichika: Phew! We're sounding really good together for every song.
Shiho: Yeah. All that's left is for us to get to where we can play without taking any breaks.
Saki: We've got this! We have way more stamina now thanks to our solo show!
Saki: I mean, Hona worked so hard that she's super buff now♪
Honami: Yes, look at my big biceps! Well, not really...
Ichika: Does this mean you agree with her, Honami?
Honami: Hehe. It is true that I'm much stronger now because of our solo show.
Honami: Also, I feel more confident now after being able to play the way I wanted until the very end.
Shiho: Yeah, you haven't been hesitating at all.
Saki: Hehe. Then, if we can keep this up, our show's gonna be a huge success♪
Saki: And after it's done, we're gonna go see the Peperoncino... I mean, the Perseid meteor shower together!
Ichika: Hehe. You got it right this time.
Saki: Hey, I didn't hear what you said clearly that time.
Honami: While we're on the subject, we should probably get a few things ready for the meteor shower...
Ichika: Get things ready?
Honami: Yes. Remember how we took cushions over when we went stargazing in SEKAI?
Honami: I thought it'd be nice to have some things that allow us to lie back as we watch like we did then.
Shiho: Yeah, we won't be doing our necks any favors if we have to look up for long periods...
Saki: But we're gonna go to that park with the jungle gym, right?
Saki: If we're gonna be there, I wanna watch from the top of it.
Ichika: (The jungle gym...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Little Saki (Saki): ...
Little Ichika (Ichika): What's the matter, Saki?
Little Saki (Saki): Hehehe... Just making a wish that we could stay like this forever!
Little Saki (Saki): Playing together, talking about stuff, watching shooting stars on our way home...
Little Saki (Saki): I wish we could keep doing all that together forever!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: Yeah... I want to watch from that jungle gym too.
Honami: Then, we won't need a tarp or anything. What else do we need...? Oh, probably some bug spray.
Shiho: Yeah... But isn't that about all we really need?
Saki: Oh, hang on! What about snacks and drinks?
Ichika: But we're meeting at night. I'm sure we'll all have eaten dinner already...
Saki: Wait, we're really not gonna bring any?! Don't you wanna have a nighttime picnic?!
Shiho: I get how you feel, but we might miss some of the shooting stars while we're focused on eating and drinking.
Saki: But what if we get hungry...?
Shiho: Alright, fine... Bring whatever.
Saki: Yay!
Ichika: Oh, that reminds me... If we happen to be alone, why don't we try inviting Miku and the others?
Shiho: Yeah, sure. But they're probably pretty used to seeing pretty skies...
Saki: They need to see how pretty our sky can be♪
Honami: I agree!
Ichika: Then, we can ask them when we go over to practice next time.
Shiho: Anyway, let's get back to practicing.
Shiho: We need to play the songs between our talk portions like it's the real deal.
Ichika, Saki & Honami: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Scramble Crossing]

Ichika: Looks like we're all here.
Saki: Yup♪ And the sky's super clear. This means...
Passersby: Look! A shooting star!
Passersby: Oh, you're right! Wait, there's another one!
Honami: Oh, it's already starting...!
Shiho: Let's hurry over to the park.
Ichika & Saki: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Ichika: There's no one else here...
Shiho: You're right. I thought there was gonna be a ton of people here...
Honami: Oh, a bunch of people at those condos over there are out watching from their balconies. Everyone might be staying home for this...
Ichika: Yeah... That must be nice, like having your own VIP section.
Saki: Heh heh heh. Aren't you forgetting about our VIP section?
Saki: C'mon, let's climb up the jungle gym♪
Ichika: Yeah!
Shiho: Saki, need me to push you up like when we were little?
Saki: Hey, I can climb up all by myself now!
Ichika: Okay, I'm up. That was definitely easier than back then.
Saki: That's because we're big girls now♪
Shiho: That's great and all... But it feels pretty cramped up here.
Honami: It does... Here, I'll move more towards the middle.
Shiho: Thanks.
Ichika: I haven't seen a single shooting star since that last one...
Honami: Me neither, but let's try to be patient.
Saki: Oh, then, let's switch seats! We can sit where we all did way back when we saw the Leonid meteor shower!
Saki: Ichi, you were at the very top!
Ichika: Right. Saki, Honami, you two were next to me...
Honami: And Shiho sat one rung below, right...?
Shiho: You all remember? So... Oh, I think I was sitting here.
Saki: Hona, you switch with me!
Ichika: Watch your step, okay? If it feels like you're going to fall, it might be better to climb down and...
Saki: I'll be fine♪ You're already in the middle, so lemme borrow your hand for a second!
Ichika: Okay, here. You be careful too, Honami.
Honami: I will. Thank you, Ichika.
Saki: Yay! A perfect recreation♪
Ichika: Hehe. Just like old times...
Honami: Oh, I just saw a shooting star...!
Saki: Really?! Where?!
Honami: Near that building to the right—
Shiho: Oh, I just saw one over that way.
Saki: What?! Where?! Show me!
Ichika: We should call Miku and the others over.
Ichika: Miku? Can you all hear us?
Miku (Ln): <Yes, loud and clear.>
Len: <Thanks for inviting us.>
Rin: <How's the meteor shower? Have you seen any shooting stars yet?>
Honami: Yes, we're just starting to see more and... Oh, look! There!
(Background change)
Rin & Saki: A shooting star! <A shooting star!>
Len: <Hey, there's another! Whoa! And another one over there?!>
Shiho: Wow... It's nonstop now...
KAITO: <They really are showering across...>
(Background change)
Miku (Ln): <This park is where you all came when you were little, yes?>
Ichika: Yes, we climbed on top of this jungle gym to watch the Leonid meteor shower.
Ichika: That really takes me back...
Ichika: Saki made a wish that time hoping we'd be together forever.
Miku (Ln): <And now, here you are...>
Ichika: Because of you and the others, Miku.
Ichika: I really doubt we alone would've been able to make her wish come true.
Miku (Ln): <Hehe. What if the shooting stars you saw that time were the reason why her wish came true?>
Ichika: What...?
Miku (Ln): <You saw a meteor shower that time, yes?>
Ichika: If those shooting stars did make that wish come true, I feel like they gave us too much.
Miku (Ln): <Too much?>
Ichika: Because we even got to meet you and the others, Miku.
Miku (Ln): <Hehe. True.>
Miku (Ln): <We're just glad that those feelings belonged to such wonderful people.>
Saki: Oh, Ichi, Miku! Let's see who can spot the most shooting stars!
Ichika: Okay!
Miku (Ln): <Ready to lose, Ichika?>
Ichika: I could ask you the same.
Ichika & Miku: Hehe. <Hehe.>
(Black cut)
