699_Ichika Hoshino_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: It feels like I get to have two parties.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[One week before Ichika's birthday]

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Miku, everyone, thank you for watching us practice again.
Miku (Ln): Don't mention it. This makes for good practice for us as well. See you tomorrow.
Ichika: Yes, see you then.
MEIKO: By the way, isn't it Ichika's birthday soon?
Honami: Yes, it's next week.
Rin: Next week?! Happy birthday, Ichi!
Len: It's a little early for that...
Ichika: Hehe, thank you. I'll stop by on the day.
Luka: That's sweet of you. But don't you have plans to celebrate in your world too?
KAITO: It's your special day, so it's fine to spend it relaxing with friends and family.
Ichika: Thank you. But... I want to see you all.
Miku (Ln): Ichika...
Luka: Hehe. In that case, we'll get ready to celebrate with you here.
Ichika: *Nod*
Rin: Hey, how are you gonna celebrate? Are you gonna go out somewhere as a group?
Ichika: Actually, I'm planning to have a study session with my classmates.
Rin: Huh? You're studying on your birthday?!
Saki: We were actually already talking about having a study session♪
Honami: Then, once we started sounding out interest, we ended up with more participants than we expected.
Shiho: When we compared everyone's schedules to find a day that worked, we noticed one of the days was Ichika's birthday.
Shiho: So we figured, with that many people able to come, why not combine a party with the study session?
Miku (Ln): Nice idea. Study sessions are a classic part of high school life.
Ichika: Yeah. I'm excited since it's rare to gather this many people for one study session.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Excitement is important, but don't forget you're there to study.
Ichika: Of course. I'm going to study hard to earn my party afterward.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichika's birthday]

[Rental Room]

Saki: Ahem, greetings, gathered friends!
Saki: Thank you very much for gathering for today's “Study Session Followed By Ichika's Birthday Party”!
Emu: Whoo♪
Saki: On this table, you will find snacks and juice earmarked for the study session. Please help yourselves!
Saki: However! Everything on this table over here is off-limits! And who can tell me why?
Minori: Because those are for the birthday party!
Saki: Ding ding ding! By the way, there will also be cake at the party, so take care not to fill up on snacks!
Haruka: Hehe. Saki's really getting into this.
Kohane: She is. When I went with her to help buy stuff, she chose the snacks really carefully.
Emu: So that means these are the snacks that made the cut☆ I can't wait to try them!
Nene: Don't forget that we're here to study.
Saki: And now, before we begin our study session, let's hear a few words from the star of the day, Ichi!
Ichika: Huh? No one told me about this...
Shiho: You can do it, Ichika.
Honami: Go, Ichika!
Saki: Hurry up, Ichi♪
Ichika: *Sigh*
Ichika: Um... Thank you all for coming despite your busy schedules.
Ichika: Originally, we just thought that it would be better to study as a group instead of alone...
Ichika: But so many people showed interest that we had the idea to turn it into a fun event.
Ichika: So, uh...
Ichika: There'll be a party when we're done, so for now, let's study hard!
Saki, Emu & Minori: Yeah!
Honami: Who's working on English? Want to team up?
Kohane: Oh, me!
Shiho: Anyone on Classics?
Haruka: Over here. Let's work together.
Saki: What about math? Who'll buddy up with me?
Emu: Meee!
Nene: Oh, me too...
Ichika: You're also working on math, Kusanagi? Come sit with us.
Nene: Y-Yeah... Thank you.
(Black cut)
Kohane: Honami, can you help me? I need to put words in the right order for this question. “Make” is acting as a causative verb here, right?
Honami: Yes, that's right. So, all you need to do now is find the grammatically correct word order...
Minori: *Groan* I don't get this. I'm looking at the modern translation and I still don't understand!
Shiho: Which line? Wait, I don't think you have the right place.
Minori: But, isn't this the translation of that confusing “okashi” word?
Haruka: The translation for that line is the one before. It's a little easy to get lost since the two lines have similar phrasing.
Minori: Oh, you're right! Shiho, Haruka, thank you!
Saki: I feel like I'm really on top of my game today! Maybe it's because we're studying together?
Emu: Hehehe, I'm also solving these problems really quickly♪
Ichika: I also get the feeling that I'm more focused than usual.
Nene: Yeah... I guess it really is nice to study together.
Saki: Ooh, I have an idea! Let's race to solve ten problems!
Saki: Everyone who correctly solves ten problems will get to eat from this bag of limited-edition chocolate-smothered potato chips!
Nene: But I'm using a different workbook than you guys...
Saki: We're all practicing quadratic functions, so I rule that you qualify!
Emu: Whooo♪ We can do this, Nene!
Ichika: Hehe. Let's all solve them faster than Saki and eat all her chips.
Saki: Heh heh... As if I'd let that happen!
Saki: Now, on your marks, get set...
Nene, Ichika & Emu: Go! Go☆
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Rental Room]

Saki: W-Wait, what...? For this one, I should...
Nene: ...
Ichika: ...
Emu: Done♪
Ichika: What, already?!
Saki: G-Get your answers checked! Ask someone to look at them, and you have to redo any problems that you got wrong!
Emu: Okie dokie☆ Hey, Honami, Kohane, are you free?
Saki: Okay, now's my chance to make progress!
Ichika: She really wants those chips...
Nene: Hehe, we need to match that passion.
Saki: Done! Hona, Kohane! Check mine too!
Ichika: Oh, Saki's finished too. Kusanagi, how many problems do you have left?
Nene: Just one... What about you?
Ichika: Same here. We're nearly there, so let's keep going!
Emu's Voice (Emu): Woohoo! All correct!
Saki's Voice (Saki): Wh-Whaaat?! I got two of them wrong?!
(Black cut)
Honami: Good work, everyone. That's it for our study session!
Haruka: Nice work, everybody.
Kohane: Tough luck, Saki. You would've come second had it not been for those miscalculations.
Saki: *Wail* Ichi and Nene overtook me while I was redoing them.
Nene: Um, Tenma? I saved some potato chips for you, so don't panic.
Saki: Really?! Nene, you're some goddess of mercy!
Ichika: Hehe.
Saki: And next up is what you've all been waiting for! Ichi's birthday party!
Shiho: She cheered up quickly...
Emu: Woohoo! All hands, help out with the cake☆
Nene: Emu, we don't need that many people for the cake.
Nene: I'll go get the cake ready. Can I leave you to deal with the rest?
Honami: Yes, that's fine.
Ichika: Um... What should I—
Minori: Ichika, come here! Just stand in this spot and wait!
Ichika: Huh...? Here in the middle of the room?
Haruka: That's right. Oh, here it comes.
Ichika: Wh-What's this big box? Is there a cake inside...?
Saki: You'll have to wait and see! Here we go, lights out♪
Ichika: Huh? Wh-What's happening?!
Nene: Now, start the countdown!
Minori: Roger! T-minus five!
Haruka: Four!
Kohane: Three!
Shiho: Two!
Honami & Emu: One!
???: Zero!
Ichika: Huh? That voice...
Ichika: *Gasp*
Robo-Nene: This cake is for you. Please blow out the candles.
Ichika: Okay, here I go.
Ichika: *Blow*
Robo-Nene: Happy birthday to you, Ichika Hoshino!
Ichika: Whoa! All these petals are so beautiful...
Haruka: Happy birthday, Ichika!
Saki, Honami & Shiho: Happy birthday!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Ichika: Thank you, everyone!
Ichika: I can't believe even you're here, Robo-Nene. Thank you for coming to celebrate with me.
Robo-Nene: You are welcome. Thank you for being friends with Nene.
Nene: H-Hey, knock that off...
Ichika: Hehe, it's me that should be saying thanks for that.
Honami: Okay, I'm going to cut the cake. Everyone, please get ready for the toast.
Saki, Minori & Emu: Okay!
Ichika: (After such a fun study session, it feels like I'm getting to have two whole parties.)
Shiho: Ichika, what do you want to drink?
Ichika: Oh... I'll have an orange juice!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000219/bg_s000219.png)
Ena: Happy birthday, Ichika! Did you have fun at your study session and party? You only get one birthday a year, so make the most of it!
Kanade: Happy birthday, Hoshino. I don't know if this counts as a gift, but... I wrote up a simplified overview of how to use some equipment that I haven't shown you yet. Feel free to use it.
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Hoshino. Also, kudos for your hard work at that study session. You must be terribly busy with your band and your schoolwork, but I'll gladly help you with studying if you ever need a hand.
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Ichika. I'm happy to hear you had fun on your birthday with everyone.
Minori: We made lots of progress on our homework and got to eat snacks and even cake. It was just as fun a day for us!
Haruka: I agree. I've been busy lately and it's been hard to make time to hang out with people, but I'm glad I made it to your party.
Haruka: Ichika, we hope you had a wonderful birthday.
Minori & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Kohane: Happy birthday, Ichika! I'd never been to such a big study session before, and I'm so glad you invited me.
Kohane: If you're interested, let's do a street performance sometime. See you at school!
Emu: Ichika! Happy birthday☆ I'm really glad we got to have so much fun on your special day! Let's go out somewhere sometime♪
Nene: Going out? Yeah, that'd be nice. We've been shopping together before, but we could all go to a zoo or an aquarium.
Robo-Nene: I will provide information on wildlife when that time comes! Please look forward to it!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Ichika! With you around, I have nothing to fear for Saki! Please continue to look after her along with Shiho and Honami!
Saki: C'mon, Tsukasa... It's not like Ichi and the others are only ever helping me out.
Saki: Anyway, we're pros now! So we gotta give it everything we got moving forward.
Shiho: Exactly. Let's keep doing all we can to share our music with more and more people.
Honami: Yes! When the four of us work together, there's nothing we can't overcome.
Honami: Ichika, I'm counting on you as always. Have the most wonderful birthday.
Saki & Shiho: Happy birthday!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: So many people gave me birthday wishes today.
Ichika: It reminded me that I'm not alone, and I'm surrounded by so many people I can depend on. I feel braver already.
Ichika: But I'm a professional now, so I need to be my own person and keep moving forward.
Ichika: Yes. I feel like I'm ready for a brand new start.
Ichika: Thank you for all your birthday wishes today. I hope you keep supporting me.
(White cut)
