724_Ichika Hoshino_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Ichika: (Phew... Thank goodness I managed to get to the school store before it got too crowded.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 2-A]

Honami: Welcome back, Ichika.
Ichika: Honami? Oh, Kohane, you're here too. Were you two waiting for me?
Kohane: Yes. We thought it'd be nice to have lunch together now that we're in the same class.
Ichika: Thanks. Then, since it's so nice out, why don't we have lunch in the courtyard...?
Kohane: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Ichika, Honami & Kohane: Let's eat!
Honami: Hehe. I feel that the three of us have never really had lunch together.
Ichika: *Nod* But we'll probably be doing this a lot more from now on.
Kohane: Yeah! I'm really looking forward to getting to know you two better.
Kohane: Wait, huh? Ichika, are you having yakisoba buns for lunch again?
Ichika: Yeah. I just can't get enough of them.
Kohane: Hehe. I see you eating them all the time. Also...
Kohane: I was really surprised the first time I saw you have one as an entree and one on the side...
Ichika: Oh, you were...?
Honami: I'm used to it now, but that also surprised me the first time I saw you doing it.
Honami: Still, it's not good to only have those. You really should try to get a better mix of meats and vegetables.
Kohane: Yeah, I'm also a little worried. Would you like some of my broccoli?
Honami: Here, I'll share some of my tomatoes with you.
Ichika: Oh, um... Thanks, you two.
Ichika: Still, is it that weird to have yakisoba buns without anything else on the side...?
Ichika: Haruka sort of said the same thing when I had lunch with her for the first time...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Haruka: Hoshino, are you only having yakisoba buns for lunch?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Ichika: She basically had the same reaction as you, Kohane.
Kohane: Hehe. I understand how she feels.
Kohane: Yes, I was a little surprised. But I don't think it's weird or anything...
Honami: I agree. I mean, there's nothing wrong with having what you like.
Ichika: Oh, okay...
Ichika: Come to think of it, Honami, you sort of do the same thing.
Honami: Huh?
Ichika: Remember when you went out to buy apple pies the other day? Didn't you say that you bought twenty and ate all of them by yourself?
Kohane: Wait, twenty...?!
Honami: N-No, it's not like I had them all in one day!
Honami: Also, I can't do that with any type of food. Apple pies just happen to have a special place in my heart...
Kohane: Still, twenty's pretty astounding...
Kohane: Hmm... All this talk of yakisoba buns and apple pies is making my stomach feel full for some reason.
Honami: Me too... I've hardly touched my lunch, but I feel like I've already had a full meal.
Ichika: Oh, really?
Ichika: I can still eat... More to the point, I'm going to eat these. They're yakisoba buns, after all.
Honami: I'd probably say the same thing if I were having apple pies for lunch.
Kohane: I guess we all love what we love.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A]

Ichika: Morning, you two.
Honami: Oh, Ichika, good morning.
Ichika: You two are here early. What were you talking about just now?
Kohane: We were just talking about the committees since the teacher said we'd be choosing which to join during our next homeroom.
Ichika: Oh, that did come up... I'd completely forgotten...
Kohane: Do you know which committee you want to be on, Ichika?
Ichika: No, I hadn't given it any thought.
Ichika: I was a class representative last year, so I might want to try something different this year...
Ichika: Also, I sort of don't remember what all the other committees are.
Honami: Well... There's the health committee, library committee...
Honami: Plus, the planning committees for the School Festival and the Sports Festival.
Kohane: Yeah. What else is there...? The broadcasting committee...
Ichika: The broadcasting committee...?
Ichika: I'm not sure what they actually do, but that committee's in charge of playing music during lunch, right?
Honami: I think so.
Honami: I always look forward to hearing what songs they choose to play since they pull from such a wide range of genres.
Ichika: Me too... But how do they actually choose? Do they just play songs that the teachers recommend or something?
Kohane: Oh, one of my friends was on that committee and she said one time that they get to choose which songs to play.
Honami: They do...?
Kohane: Yeah, the teachers have to check over their choices in the end, but...
Kohane: Most songs seem okay as long as they don't cause any problems for the school.
Ichika: I see...
Honami: Which means you get to recommend the songs you like to everyone in school by playing them over the speakers...
Honami: That sounds like fun.
Ichika: Yeah...
Ichika: (I'd get to play the music I like...)
Ichika: (But which songs? Miku ones...?)
Ichika: (There's a whole list of those that I'd want to recommend to everyone...)
Honami: Are you thinking about playing Miku songs throughout the school, Ichika...?
Ichika: Huh?! I, uhh...
Kohane: Is that true? All the songs you recommend are really good, so the broadcasting committee might be a perfect fit for you.
Ichika: Y-Yeah, I am a little interested in joining...
Ichika: But they don't just play music over the speakers. They're also the ones who work as announcers during the Sports Festival, right?
Honami: Oh, that reminds me. They also do things like mock radio programs during lunch sometimes.
Ichika: R-Right...
Ichika: Just playing songs would be fine, but I'm less sure about having everyone in school hear me talk. That makes me a little nervous...
Kohane: Huh? It does? But you do a great job of talking to the audience during your shows.
Ichika: That's something I finally figured out how to do recently. I was so nervous the first time...
Honami: Isn't that all the more reason to join the committee...?
Ichika: What?
Kohane: Yeah! You figured out what to do during your shows, so I'm sure you'll do great as a member of the broadcasting committee!
Kohane: But you don't have to join if you really don't want to, Ichika. Nobody's forcing you...
Kohane: Still, if you are interested, I think you should give it a try.
Ichika: Both of you...
Ichika: (It would be fun to play Miku songs over the speakers... And I really want more people to know about them. This could be worth it...)
Ichika: (Yes, I'm nervous about my voice being heard...)
Ichika: (But we'll be making our professional debut soon. I shouldn't be afraid of speaking in public.)
Ichika: (It might even help me talk to the audience better during our shows...!)
Ichika: Okay.
Ichika: You're both right. I'll try joining.
Kohane: We know you'll do great!
Honami: Good luck, Ichika!
(Black cut)
