762_Ichika Hoshino_R4 New Beginnings (event_108)

Gacha phrase: Today is a brand new day.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Saki: I can't wait for classes to start! I'm all read up on everything we're about to learn♪
Ichika: I wish I could be as excited about classes as you are.
Saki: Huh? Ichi, are you not looking forward to them?
Ichika: Hmm... I am looking forward to some subjects...
Ichika: But I think I'm more worried than excited since other subjects like math will probably be harder than last year.
Saki: Oh, right... Having to learn harder formulas and stuff does make me kinda shudder.
Saki: But there's nothing wrong with not immediately understanding new stuff. We can always ask the teachers or Hona for help if we have any questions!
Ichika: That's true.
Ichika: (Saki always shows so much strength whenever we start something new.)
Ichika: (My mind can't help but jump towards things going wrong... But Saki wants to take on new challenges.)
Ichika: (We'll probably be faced with more than a few after we make our debut as professional musicians.)
Ichika: (I need to be able to think like Saki when that happens.)
Saki: Alright, we're here! Let's do our best today, Ichi♪
Ichika: Yeah!
Ichika: (Wait, huh...? We're in different classes this year. Why are we in front of the same one...?)
Ichika: Wait, Saki! This is 1-C!
Saki: Huh?
Saki: N-No, you're right...! I was about to walk into a first-year classroom again!
Saki: Argh! We're second-years now! We need to start acting more like it!
Ichika: S-Saki, wait. I know how you feel, but you're going to startle everyone...
Ichika: (Or are we too late...?)
First-Year A: Hey, aren't they second-years?
First-Year B: They came to the wrong classroom by accident. That's so cute.
Ichika: (Oh, they don't seem to mind... I guess we're in the clear...?)
Ichika: Saki, we need to hurry over to our actual classrooms or we're going to be late.
Saki: R-Right!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 2-A]

Ichika: ...and we had to get over here in a hurry.
Honami: Hehe. That explains why you were a little late.
Kohane: I can see how you two ended up at the wrong classroom. I mean, until not too long ago, that's what was normal to us.
Honami: What was normal...
Honami: Now that you mention it, Emu and I greeted each other just now, but going to different classrooms felt a little odd...
Kohane: I know what you mean. I feel the same way whenever I see my old classmates walking towards different classrooms.
Ichika: I guess we're all still trying to get used to our new class.
Honami: I hope we get settled in soon.
Kohane: Me too. I haven't really talked to some of our classmates before, so it'd be nice to become friends with them.
Ichika: (In time, the three of us talking like this might start feeling completely normal.)
Ichika: (I don't know what this upcoming year has in store for us, but I hope I'll be able to make a lot of good memories.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Ichika: Morning, everyone!
Saki: Morning, Ichi♪
Honami & Shiho: Morning.
Shiho: Before we start our practice, I want to go over the stuff that came up during practice yesterday and some other things for us all to keep in mind. Let me know once you guys are all set up.
Ichika: Okay.
Ichika: (That means I get to use the notebook I got for band practices right away.)
Saki: Oh, Ichi, you got a new notebook...!
Ichika: My old one only had a few pages left, so I decided to get a new one while I was out shopping for school notebooks.
Saki: Cool. It's like you're getting a fresh new start!
Ichika: Yeah.
Ichika: I was also sorting through all of my old notebooks and realized that I have a big pile of them for lyrics and practices now.
Ichika: Which raised a question. How long do I keep them?
Shiho: Dunno... Everyone takes notes in different ways.
Ichika: My notes from when we just got our band back together are all about the basics, which probably won't help us now... Maybe I should get rid of them.
Saki: What, like throw them out?!
Saki: I'm holding onto mine forever♪ They're basically the same as old diaries!
Honami: Hehe. Yes, since we have been practicing just about every day.
Saki: Yeah, exactly!
Saki: Plus, after we've debuted as pros, you could present them on TV as a piece of our past♪
Shiho: I think you're getting a little ahead of yourself there.
Saki: Really? There's also all the audio we recorded of us practicing. I'm starting to wonder what we should do about that.
Ichika: Oh... Right, I haven't been deleting those. I'll probably run out of space soon.
Saki: Yeah, I get videos, but I didn't realize how much space sound files could take up! Still, I wanna keep as many as I can...
Honami: You could move them somewhere else. I've heard of services that provide backup data storage.
Saki: Yeah, I might have to do that.
Ichika: What about you, Shiho? Do you save all your notebooks and recordings and stuff?
Shiho: I keep my notebooks. They remind me to not forget about my roots.
Ichika: I see...
Shiho: But I usually delete audio files when I feel that we've become good enough.
Saki: What?! R-Really?!
Shiho: Is it that surprising? They keep piling up basically every day, so I need to do something about them.
Ichika: It's like you not to stress over that sort of thing, Shiho.
Saki: Wait, then! Hona, what about you?
Honami: I still have all of my notebooks too.
Honami: As far as audio recordings go, I try to keep the most memorable ones, like of our rehearsals the day before shows and such.
Saki: That makes sense...!
Ichika: Thanks for taking the time to discuss this. In that case, I'll hang onto my notebooks for a little while longer.
Ichika: But that leaves the sound files...
Saki: I dunno what to do either. I mean, there's something special about how we play in the heat of the moment that makes each performance unique.
Shiho: Then, I say just leave them. If you delete them and end up regretting it down the road, it'll be too late.
Shiho: We can't really play the way we used to because of how much we've improved.
Honami: She's right. We sound like a completely different band compared to when we first got back together.
Ichika: When we first got back together...
Ichika: Then, I think I'll keep our very first recording alongside our best ones.
Ichika: Whenever I'm feeling down, I can cheer myself up by taking a listen, looking back and seeing just how far we've come.
Saki: Oh, that's a great idea!
Saki: Then, I'll save all of our recordings on behalf of our band!
Saki: We can even turn it into a quiz down the road! Question! What song were we practicing in this recording, and around when was it taken?!
Shiho: You're joking, right?
Honami: That sounds like fun, but I'm not sure if I'll get the right answer.
Shiho: Anyway, are you all ready? We still need to talk about the stuff that came up yesterday.
Ichika: I'm ready.
Saki: Same here♪
Shiho: Then, let's get started.
Saki, Ichika & Honami: Okay♪ Sure.
(Black cut)
