776_Ichika Hoshino_R3 For The Perfect Sound (event_110)

Gacha phrase: Hmm... Where are my usual strings...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino)

[Ichika's Room]

Ichika: Oh, that's right... I need to change out the strings on my guitar.
Ichika: We have practice tomorrow, so I should probably do that now before I go to bed.
Ichika: Let's see... I'm pretty sure I put those packs in this drawer... Wait, huh?
Ichika: Oh, right... I ran out last time. That means I need to go buy more tomorrow...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Instrument Shop]

Ichika: I'm always staggered by all the different strings they have available...
Ichika: Let's see... The ones I always buy are... Oh, here they are. I should probably buy a few packs just in case.
Ichika: Also...
???: Oh, hey...
Ichika: Huh?
Ichika: Oh! Hi, Iori!
Iori: I had a feeling it was you, Ichika. Fancy seeing you here.
Ichika: Yeah, what a nice surprise. Are you also here to do some shopping?
Iori: Yeah, I'm here to buy some strings too. They should be right around... Aha, here they are.
Iori: Why is it that no matter how many extra strings you have, you never seem to have enough?
Ichika: I know exactly what you mean! I just noticed that I ran out yesterday...
Iori: Haha. Yeah, it happens to the best of us.
Ichika: Initially, I only changed them every one or two months... But I realize now that I need to keep my guitar in the best condition possible if I'm going to continue down this path.
Iori: I know. It's hard not to want to do that when your band's goal is to make it big.
Iori: While we're on the subject, Ichika, your band's signed to a label now, right?
Ichika: Yes, we are. But we haven't actually done anything as pros yet.
Iori: Right. A lot does need to be discussed before you can debut.
Ichika: Exactly. We went into the office the other day, and to help decide our marketing strategy, we were asked a question: “What aspirations do you hold for your music?”
Iori: Hmm... Aspirations for your music...
Iori: You seem to have a good manager if they're giving you time to find answers to that sort of question.
Iori: I mean, I've heard rumors that some managers just make you do everything they say.
Ichika: Really...?
Iori: Yeah. I'm glad to hear your label isn't like that.
Iori: Once they've figured out a marketing strategy for your band, next will probably be your publicity photos or your debut single.
Iori: So, Ichika, I have to think you're pretty excited about the future.
Ichika: Yes. I am really excited...
Ichika: Still, the more time passes, the more I feel worried about what's gonna happen after we go pro.
Iori: I know what you mean. There's just so much to think about.
Ichika: Wait, Iori, you too...?
Iori: Yeah. I'm betting my life on music, so it was hard for my brain not to worry.
Iori: But I've got it now. Regardless of where you are, what matters most doesn't change.
Ichika: Huh...?
Iori: My goal is still to put on good performances and give the crowd the best music I can.
Iori: So, as professional musicians, let's both do our best.
Ichika: Yes, let's. Thank you for saying that...
Iori: Also, feel free to ask me for help if you ever think you need it. As a fellow pro with a bit more experience, I'll teach you whatever I can.
Ichika: Thank you. I really appreciate it.
Ichika: So, does this make you my senior now...?
Iori: Hehe. I like your thinking, Ichika.
Iori: It's great to have a junior as cute as you.
Ichika: Oh... Thank you.
Iori: By the way, Ichika, what are you doing after this?
Ichika: I have to go to practice in a little bit, but...
Iori: Then, mind hanging out for a bit until then? I kinda want to try some of these instruments.
Iori: It's always easier to distinguish what's good and bad about an instrument when you have a reliable session partner.
Ichika: Yeah, sure... That sounds great.
Iori: Hehe. Thanks. Then, let's see if we can borrow that space over there.
Ichika: Yes, let's!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Oh, Miku.
Miku (Ln): I thought it was you, Ichika. I didn't realize you were here. What you were playing just now sounded so nice.
Ichika: Thanks...
Ichika: Remember the story Shiho told us yesterday after practice, about what happened when she was in elementary school?
Ichika: After hearing that, I felt... I felt that I needed to keep doing better.
Ichika: I mean, it's like the root of who she is... It feels like I learned the reason why she decided to start playing the bass and practiced so much.
Miku (Ln): I see. Sounds like her story had a positive effect on you.
Ichika: It did. After I got home yesterday, I picked up my guitar and kept playing it until I went to bed.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. That definitely seems like something you'd do, Ichika...
Miku (Ln): Also, I think this was a very big step for Leo/need.
Ichika: Me too. I feel that we're getting a much better idea of what we want our music to be about now.
Ichika: But...
Miku (Ln): Is something wrong...?
Ichika: Oh, um... I've been thinking a lot lately about what's gonna happen to us moving forward...
Ichika: Now that we're pros, we can't really just keep doing what we want...
Ichika: I'm a little worried about what the future has in store for us... Thinking about it makes me a bit anxious.
Miku (Ln): Anxious...?
Miku (Ln): I think you're more excited than anxious, Ichika...
Ichika: What?
Miku (Ln): I mean, that's what I felt from the way you were playing just now.
Miku (Ln): What I heard was, “I'm looking forward to seeing what kinds of songs and performances we're going to create and put on.”
Ichika: Oh, really...?
Miku (Ln): Yes. So, I think you'll do just fine if you stay on this course.
Miku (Ln): With Shiho, Honami and Saki. Just keep putting on great performances like you always have.
Ichika: Oh...
Ichika: Right...
Ichika: Thanks, Miku. Hearing you say that makes me feel more brave.
Ichika: Okay, I'm going to do my best during today's practice too!
Miku (Ln): Good. And you'll always have my support, Ichika!
(Black cut)
