831_Ichika Hoshino_R3 Be Careful Of Snatching! (event_115)

Gacha phrase: Whoa, they're all coming at once...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato)

[Odaiba Animal Land - Petting Zoo]

Minori: Which animals do wanna go see next, Ichika?
Ichika: Shiho and Haruka went over to see the rabbits, right?
Ichika: I already got to see a lot of small animals, so I kind of want to meet some of the bigger ones now.
Minori: Then, how about the alpacas?
Ichika: Oh, that sounds fun. Not to mention they're right nearby.
Minori: Really?! Then, let's go!
(Black cut)
Minori: That fence must be for the alpaca area!
Ichika: There's so many. They're all different sizes and colors.
Minori: And their necks are so long! Look at that one! It's so fluffy!
Ichika: Yeah, I've never seen one up close like this before...
Zookeeper: We have food for the alpacas here if you wish to feed them!
Minori: Oh, a hundred yen per plate! Let's grab a couple!
Ichika: Okay. Excuse me. We'd like to feed the alpacas.
Zookeeper: Of course. Here you are. You can feed them through the fence over there.
Minori: We're the first ones here!
Ichika: Hehe. We came at a good time.
Zookeeper: Oh, please be careful. They'll all gather 'round at once for the first feeding.
Ichika: Huh...?
Minori: Whoa, yeah! They're all coming over!
Ichika: Wait, I'll give you one now... No, one at a time...
Minori: W-Wah... They won't stop pushing! Everyone, please! There's plenty for all of you!
Ichika: Hang on... I don't think one plate is going to be enough...!
Minori: No, you're right! I'm almost out...! They ran through that so fast!
Ichika: Mine too... They have such big appetites...
Minori: This sign says each person can buy up to three plates... What should we do? Wanna go buy some more?
Ichika: I think I will... One plate just wasn't enough.
Minori: Yeah... The ones who didn't get any food keep staring at me...
Ichika: Yeah, they'd probably have us surrounded if it weren't for this fence...
Minori: I'm not worried about the confident ones who push their way to the front, but I also want the ones in the back to get their fill.
Ichika: Me too. Then, why don't we try to evenly distribute the food a little more?
Minori: Oh, I'm all for that! The ones in the front got everything I just had, so I'll try to give everyone some this time!
(Black cut)
Minori: We'll be right back with more food, you guys!
Ichika: Whoa, they're all coming at once... They really do know when we're carrying food.
Minori: Wait a second, Ichika... I know we're trying to distribute the food evenly, but do you remember which ones you already gave food to?
Ichika: Uhh...
Ichika: Hang on... I gave some to this white one, and that brown one... I think...?
Minori: I lost track too...! I could've sworn that the black one at the front took basically everything I had...
Ichika: Oh, I don't think that gray one in the back has had any yet!
Minori: Then, let's try feeding him! Hey, Mr. Gray, we have some food for you!
Minori: No, not you guys... The same ones keep coming back for some reason!
Ichika: Minori, keep distracting them...!
Ichika: Come here! Now's your chance!
Minori: Nice one, Ichika! He finally got to eat!
Ichika: Yeah, and we can use this strategy to feed the others.
Minori: Roger! Next, how about that light brown one? I don't think it's had any yet...
Ichika: The one over there? Okay, you go over to feed it while I distract the others...!
(Black cut)
Minori: Phew... That was a lot of work, but also a lot of fun!
Ichika: Yeah, it ended up being a really great experience.
Minori: You were so quick on your feet, Ichika!
Ichika: I was...? I think I got a little carried away after we decided that we were going to feed all the alpacas...
Minori: Hehe. But that's why our decoy strategy worked so well! I think you have what it takes to become a zookeeper, Ichika!
Ichika: I don't know if I actually do, but I really appreciate the compliment.
Ichika: Also, the alpacas all seem really happy now... I hope we get to do this again in the future.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Shiho: Alright, let's take a break here.
Ichika: Okay.
Saki: I wanna keep going a bit longer! I feel like I'm on fire today!
Shiho: No, we need to stop. We've been really focused today, but the quality of our performance is only gonna start falling if we push any harder.
Honami: I agree. As amazing as I feel on the drums today, the fatigue of playing may start creeping up on me if we continue.
Ichika: It's important to rest when we can, Saki.
Saki: Right. I guess we have to be careful not to get ahead of ourselves...
Saki: Then, in that case, let's go down to the lobby and have some tea together!
Honami: Hehe. Yes, let's.
(Black cut)
Saki: Whew... That tea really hit the spot! Taking a break was the right call! I feel so refreshed now!
Ichika: I guess it really is important to quit while you're ahead.
Saki: Definitely! We haven't had much downtime lately since we've been practicing nonstop!
Saki: Oh, Shiho, can you tell us more about what happened at the zoo?!
Shiho: But I just told you the other day...
Saki: The best stories never get old no matter how many times you hear them! I wanna hear something wholesome and heartwarming! So, you should tell us more about how much fun you had at the zoo!
Honami: Yes, I'd like to hear as well if that's alright.
Shiho: I mean... There isn't much more left to say.
Ichika: Actually, I don't think they've heard about the shoebill yet.
Saki: Aren't shoebills those really big birds? They had one? What happened?
Shiho: Remember how we caught that armadillo with the help of the staff?
Ichika: We were actually able to do that because of a shoebill that Minori had become friends with.
Saki: Wait, friends?! What do you mean?!
Shiho: Apparently, shoebills greet others by clattering their beaks really loudly...
Shiho: And he did that after spotting Minori, which startled the armadillo enough to stop him in his tracks.
Ichika: That was when we caught him.
Saki: Wow, that's incredible!
Saki: Also, that's so cool how Minori got the shoebill to greet her like that! I wanna become friends with him too now!
Ichika: A lot of other things also happened.
Ichika: Minori got pounced at by this one Pallas's cat, we got to feed the alpacas...
Honami: Pallas's cats? As in...?
Ichika: Yeah, those really fluffy cats. The way this one behaved was so interesting.
Ichika: After it spotted Minori, it hissed and lunged at the wall between it and her.
Saki: Whoa, that's so cool! I want it to do that to me!
Shiho: Yeah, she's apparently pretty lucky. The other guests seemed a little jealous of her.
Honami: Hehe. I'm glad you all had so much fun.
Saki: Did anything else happen?!
Ichika: We also saw a Tsushima leopard cat with her kittens. They were really popular, and everyone was taking pictures of them.
Shiho: Plus, the servals and caracals in the Savannah Area.
Ichika: Yeah, their ears were so much bigger than the ones you see on domestic cats. I thought that was cool. It really made them look like hunters...
Ichika: I don't go to zoos very often, but this one ended up being a lot of fun.
Saki: Aww... When's it gonna be my turn to go to the zoo with you guys and get mixed into a bunch of trouble?!
Honami: You want to get mixed into trouble...?
Ichika: Also, Shiho went over to the rabbit area.
Ichika: Oh, speaking of rabbits, I thought these apple slices would be a nice snack for today.
Saki: Wow, they're sliced to look like little bunnies!
Shiho: Bunnies...? Wait, aren't these...?
Ichika: Hehe. I tried my hand at making them look like those lop-eared rabbits.
Honami: Their ears are all drooped... It must've been really hard to get them to do that.
Ichika: Yeah, I needed a lot of extra peel to get that to work. As a result, I was only able to make three out of one apple...
Saki: These are works of art! But why'd you choose lop-eared rabbits?
Ichika: Because of how much fun Shiho had playing with those baby lop-eared rabbits.
Shiho: H-Hey, they don't need to hear that...!
Saki: What's that? Shiho, did you make some new bunny friends?
Honami: You should introduce us sometime.
Shiho: ... Sure, whatever...
Ichika: (Haruka invited me sort of out of the blue...)
Ichika: (But I'm glad I went considering how much we got to enjoy that zoo.)
(Black cut)
