879_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Before A Troubled Pair (event_123)

Gacha phrase: How long have you two been here?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Saki: Let's eat♪
Honami, Ichika & Shiho: Let's eat.
Ichika: ...
Ichika: (I need to ask how they're doing. But very carefully...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kanade: Still, I'm glad we did this. Hanasato and the others helped us realize something important.
Ichika: We need to learn more about the people we're giving our gifts to. It's simple, but really important.
(White cut)
Ichika: We might need to subtly ask during our regular conversations what they'd really enjoy receiving or if anything has been on their minds lately...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (I want to get them gifts that they'll really enjoy, so I need to do my best here.)
Honami: Oh, Saki, you brought a lunch today?
Saki: Hehe. We had these really yummy croquettes for dinner last night, so I decided to bring some that were left over♪
Shiho: Oh, what's in them?
Saki: Not so fast, Shiho! I saw you looking right at them! We can trade other parts of our lunches, but you're not getting any of these!
Shiho: That wasn't my plan...
Honami: Hehe.
Ichika: (Be patient. Look for the right time to ask...)
Ichika: (Actually, now might be my chance.)
Ichika: (But how do I phrase my question...? I'm trying to keep their gifts a surprise—)
Shiho: Aren't you gonna eat, Ichika?
Ichika: Huh?
Shiho: You opened the packet for your yakisoba bun, but you haven't taken a bite.
Ichika: Oh, um... I was wondering where to start.
Shiho: Where to start...? From either end, right?
Saki: Shiho, you just don't get it. Don't you ever feel the urge to go from the middle?
Honami: I feel like that also applies to taiyaki.
Ichika: I-It does. Haha...
Honami: ...
Honami: Is something on your mind, Ichika?
Ichika: What?! How did you know...?
Honami: I had an inkling... I mean, you're the one who said we should all have lunch together...
Saki: Oh, then...! Does this mean you wanna ask us something?
Ichika: Um...
Ichika: (I do, but...)
Ichika: So, it's about Classical Japanese... I remembered that I'm probably going to get called on today!
Honami: Oh, that's right... The girls in the column next to yours got called on last time.
Ichika: Exactly! Which is why I'm pretty sure it's my column's turn today.
Shiho: Classical Japanese... Giving the meaning of individual words isn't too hard, but being asked to read full passages is a different story...
Saki: Really? I actually really like reading those passages!
Saki: Especially stuff from “The Tale of Genji” or “Tsurezuregusa”.
Ichika: (That was close...)
Ichika: (And after telling Kanade that we need to be discreet... I was being the opposite of that.)
Ichika: (But I should still have plenty of opportunities to ask.)
Ichika: (So, I should think a little more later about how to be more subtle.)
Ichika: (No, wait... They just asked me if something was on my mind. That sort of opened the door for me...)
Ichika: (If only I'd asked them then...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Ichika: Thanks for listening to my problem, everyone!
Ichika: So, in return, let me help you! I'll ask the same question back!
Ichika: Has anything been on your minds lately?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Ichika: (Yeah... That might've been the way to go...)
Shiho: Ichika, are you still deciding where to start?
Saki: Oh, are you thinking about eating all of the yakisoba first?!
Ichika: Then the bun would lose all purpose...
Saki: Haha! True♪
Ichika: (I should just eat for now... I'd rather not raise their suspicions any further.)
Ichika: I'll start here.
Ichika: Mmm. So good.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Nene Kusanagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Diner]

Ichika: Sorry about the wait. And thank you very much for coming...
Kanade: It's okay since I'd already made plans to go out for an errand.
Kanade: Also, I figured that this was something we should discuss in person as opposed to over the phone.
Ichika: Again, I really appreciate it.
Ichika: So, let's jump right in by discussing what we'll be doing during our White Day tea party.
Kanade: Okay. Today we're talking about what we'll be getting Hanasato and Momoi, right?
Ichika: Yes, that's right.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: Because they went out of their way to give us all the help we needed for White Day.
Ichika: And I was hoping that we could do something extra for them besides pouring them a nice cup of tea.
Kanade: I was hoping to do the same.
Kanade: I started by asking Ena since she knows Momoi fairly well. As it turns out, she's a big fan of Japanese sweets.
Kanade: So, I was thinking that our gift to her could include some of those...
Ichika: Don't they tend to not have a long shelf life...?
Kanade: That's the thing...
Kanade: Some do last for a while, but I'm not sure if we'll have the time to get them between everything we have to do the day before and the day of the party.
Ichika: Hmm... But it would be nice to have some sweets for our tea party...
Ichika: Oh, speaking of which, Minori really likes salmon. As sushi, grilled, you name it.
Kanade: Salmon...? Hehe. I can sort of see that for her.
Ichika: Me too.
Ichika: (Learn more about the recipient of your gift to make sure it's something that's actually going to help them...)
Ichika: (It's a simple piece of knowledge, but it ended up being the clue we needed. Which is why we should thank Minori and the others with a nice gift.)
Ichika: (But what do we get them...?)
Ichika: We got different types of tea to meet everyone's needs...
Kanade: For those two, we picked out a kind that's supposed to help you relax and relieve fatigue.
Ichika: Right. We already got them something practical, so what if we took a different approach with their other gift?
Kanade: A different approach?
Ichika: So, for example, we could come up with an original song. That'd be something only we could give them...
Kanade: Oh, I see.
Kanade: But I'm not sure we'd have enough time to make that happen...
Ichika: I know... It just seemed like the best representation of us is all...
Kanade: Well, if your aim is to make use of our talents...
Kanade: Then I think there's a good alternative.
Ichika: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[White Day]

[Nonogi Park]

Ichika: Our tea party went off without a hitch.
Kanade: Thank goodness it did... Everyone seemed to really enjoy their tea.
Kanade: All that's left is to give those two their gift.
Ichika: Right. Let's do that before they finish drinking their tea.
Ichika: Minori, Momoi, can we borrow you two for a moment?
Minori: Sure! What's up?
Kanade: We actually prepared another gift for you two.
Ichika: Here it is.
Airi: Wow...! Are these chocolates?
Minori: They're shaped like flower petals! That's so cute!
Ichika: They're from flowers that each symbolize different things.
Ichika: Specifically, “hope”, “promise” and “love”.
Airi: Wait, the same as a clover...?!
Kanade: Flowers came to mind when we were thinking of what to get the both of you.
Ichika: After that, Kanade found a chocolatier that could make these for us, and I chose the flowers.
Airi: I see! But why? All this trouble just for us?
Kanade: Because we wouldn't have been able to decide to hold a tea party and actually make it happen without either of you.
Ichika: And this is a small token of our appreciation.
Airi: I had no idea you two had such a nice surprise in store for us!
Minori: Me neither! Thank you so much, Ichika, Kanade!
Kanade: No, we should be the ones thanking you...
Ichika: Thank you both so much for all your help.
(Black cut)
