912_Ichika Hoshino_R3 No Answers Tonight (event_128)

Gacha phrase: Why is nothing going right...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Alleyway]

Ichika: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika: I'm sorry, Saki.
Ichika: But given the overarching theme, this just isn't going to work.
Saki: Wait, are you saying...?
Saki: A melody I came up with isn't going to work?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: *Sigh*
Ichika: I... I shouldn't have been so blunt with Saki...
Ichika: (Why is nothing going right...?)
Ichika: (I was so sure that Saki would understand...)
Ichika: (Even if we disagreed slightly on what we wanted our song to be about, I thought we'd be able to talk things out and produce something good...)
Ichika: (But now...)
Ichika: I regret not thinking this through more...
Ichika: (I didn't realize how hard it would be to write a song with someone.)
Ichika: (Saki has her own style in terms of music, and so do I...)
Ichika: (That's completely normal...)
Ichika: (But I honestly don't know how our song is going to turn out now...)
Ichika: What are we supposed to do?
Ichika: If coming up with melodies together and swapping chord progressions didn't work...
Ichika: Oh... What if we started over by writing some lyrics...?
Ichika: That might help make things go smoother...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (No, wait...)
Ichika: (That isn't the answer...)
Ichika: (I'm thinking about the wrong thing...)
Ichika: (I mean...)
Ichika: (Saki cares deeply about showing empathy to our listeners.)
Ichika: (We're disagreeing on how to express that fundamental aspect, so writing lyrics will probably just lead to another argument...)
Ichika: (I thought I understood what Saki meant by showing our listeners empathy...)
Ichika: (But keeping it all sad and gloomy seems like the wrong way to go...)
Ichika: (And yet...)
Ichika: (I haven't been able to get through to her...)
Ichika: (Even when I did try to mold my ideas to fit hers, I just didn't see the song getting any better...)
Ichika: (I thought I really liked her songs...)
Ichika: *Sigh* The more I think about this, the less I know what we're supposed to do...
Ichika: (I've heard that it's common for bands to fight over what they want their music to be about. Does this count...?)
Ichika: (I never thought that we'd ever end up fighting like this, but I was wrong...)
Ichika: Am I more stubborn than I realize...?
Ichika: ...
Ichika: (Still, brooding all by myself like this isn't going to solve anything...)
Ichika: (Saki and I write music in different ways...)
Ichika: (So we're just going to have to talk things out...)
Ichika: (I don't know if we'll be able to reach a resolution by doing so...)
Ichika: (But I think that's our only option right now...)
Ichika: (If we want to produce a good song...)
Ichika: I'll head back once I've finished drinking this.
Ichika: She'll probably start wondering where I've gone if I don't soon...
Ichika: (I'll go back, collect my thoughts and resume our discussion...)
Ichika: Things might go south again...
Ichika: But Saki and I need to talk about this.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-B]

Ichika: Umm... Is Shiho here?
Shiho: Hm? Ichika? What's up?
Ichika: Oh, thank goodness. You're still here.
Ichika: It's nothing serious, but I was hoping to ask you a quick question...
Shiho: A quick question?
Ichika: Yeah. Remember those yakisoba bun flavored snacks you brought over when Saki and I were working on that song at her house?
Ichika: Can you tell me where you got them?
Shiho: Where? This one convenience store by her house... Why do you ask?
Ichika: They were really good, so I wanted to get some more. I tried looking everywhere, but I couldn't find a store that sells them.
Shiho: Oh, really?
Ichika: Yeah. After doing some research, it turns out that they were only available for a limited time.
Ichika: Plus, they apparently flew off the shelves because this one video about “delicious limited edition delectables” went viral a little while back.
Shiho: I didn't realize they were so popular...
Shiho: (Which means it was pretty lucky that I managed to find them when I did.)
Ichika: So, I was hoping that the store you went to would still have some in stock...
Shiho: I see. In that case, I can tell you where you need to go.
Shiho: It's, um... Actually, it's sort of tucked away, so finding it on your own might be tough... Why don't we go together? I've got some time today.
Ichika: You'll take me? Thanks, Shiho.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Several dozen minutes later]

[Neighborhood]

Shiho: Too bad they ran out.
Ichika: Yeah...
Shiho: There were a ton when I went, but I guess they really blew up in popularity.
Ichika: They did. All the yakisoba bun lovers have been talking about how hard it is to find them now...
Shiho: Wait, are you telling me there's a whole community of yakisoba bun lovers...?
Ichika: Oh, yeah, there is. I found them through social media.
Ichika: They talk about companies that make good products, as well as when they change the recipe for the buns and such. All really useful information that pops up in my feed from time to time.
Shiho: O-Okay...?
Ichika: I guess I'll keep looking a bit more online... Failing that, I'll just have to wait for them to make more.
Ichika: Anyway, Shiho, thanks for coming with me.
Shiho: No, that's all good.
Shiho: ...
Shiho: Since we're walking part of the way back together, wanna check out a few convenience stores and supermarkets along the way...?
Shiho: As popular as they may be, I've gotta think that some place still has them in stock.
Ichika: Huh? You don't mind?
Shiho: Yeah. I'm kinda curious now.
Shiho: If they're so popular, then I feel like I should try them.
Ichika: Hehe. Then, let's look for them together...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Ichika: Yes. I can't believe we found some...
Shiho: I'm glad we were able to find a little hole in the wall that still had a bunch in stock.
Ichika: Me too! Thank you for helping look for them, Shiho.
Shiho: Again, that's fine. Just let me try one of those in return.
Ichika: Okay. Then, let's head over to that park.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shibuya Park]

Shiho: Oh, you were right. These are good...
Ichika: Right?! I think they did an amazing job of making it taste like there's extra sauce. They even captured the slightly sweet taste of a freshly baked bun.
Shiho: Yeah, now that you mention it...
Ichika: You can tell that the people who made this must really love yakisoba buns...
Ichika: To summarize, I'm really impressed by how they made these. Also...
Ichika: Oh, sorry... I didn't mean to get so worked up...
Shiho: That's okay. I mean, it's a bit late for that.
Shiho: But hearing your glowing review made me want some more. Can I have another one...?
Ichika: Yeah, have as many as you like.
Ichika: Here!
(Black cut)
