978_Ichika Hoshino_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: It was embarrassing... But it made me happy.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Saki: We have arrived at PXL, everyone!
Saki: Which ride should we go on first?! Oh, but there's new Phenny merch, right? I wanna go check it out, but... Maybe we should do souvenirs at the end.
Minori: We also have to catch the special seasonal parade, Saki! Not to mention there's all the new finger food we have to try too! They all looked so good when I saw them on TV!
Shiho: Looks like you two are a lot more excited than the actual birthday girl.
Saki: What?! T-That's not true... Right, Ichi?
Ichika: Hehe, right. I definitely wasn't expecting you to bring me to PXL to celebrate my birthday.
Saki: We have Dad to thank for giving us those discount tickets♪ There was no way we could pass up this chance to give you a PXL birthday!
Haruka: I couldn't help but laugh when I got your message, Saki. You were clearly very excited.
Saki: What?! For real?!
Minori: Yeah! It sounded like you couldn't wait to celebrate Ichika's birthday!
Minori: Since we've got PXL expert Kohane, and Emu and Nene with us today, let's check out as many of their recommendations as we can!
Kohane: I don't know if I qualify as an expert...
Kohane: But I came up with a route that I think everyone will enjoy. So I hope we can all have fun.
Nene: First up, let's go get your birthday sticker.
Ichika: Oh, do you get some special bonuses for your birthday?
Emu: Yeah! The staff also makes sure to wish you a happy birthday too!
Nene: You can get them over there. I'll show you.
(Black cut)
Staff A: Happy birthday!
Staff B: Happy birthday!
Ichika: Th... Thank you.
Ichika: Amazing. I think that was the tenth staff member who's wished me a happy birthday.
Honami: It's quite a different birthday experience, isn't it?
Ichika: It's a little embarrassing, though. I feel like I'm in the spotlight.
Minori: Oh yeah, there was that little kid before who wished you a happy birthday too!
Saki: They saw the staff wishing you a happy birthday and waved to you. It was so cute!
Haruka: Seeing Ichika waving back while blushing was also adorable.
Ichika: W-Well, what was I supposed to do...?
Haruka: Hehe. She's blushing again.
Saki, Minori & Honami: Hahaha. Hehe.
(Black cut)
Ichika: Is this where you'll most likely get to meet Phenny?
Kohane: Yeah. I think he'll be coming out of that staff door soon...
Honami: Right... I've been here many times before, and I didn't know about this at all. This isn't written on the website or anything, right?
Kohane: Um, I usually either come across this info online or search it up myself.
Nene: That's amazing. I think you know more than we do...
Emu: Mhmm! It makes me happy hearing how much you know about Phoenix Wonderland☆
Kohane: Hehehe, that's how much I love PXL.
Kohane: Alright then, let's wait somewhere a little further away. We'll be in the way if we're too close to the door.
Ichika: Hehe, you're so considerate.
Haruka & Shiho: ...
Haruka: It won't be long until Phenny comes out...
Shiho: Yeah. I gotta make sure to ask for a photo...
Haruka: Don't forget to shake his hand too.
Shiho: I think I can pass on that...
Haruka: Really? But won't you want to when he's right in front of you?
Shiho: Well...
Haruka: You should let him give you the ultimate fan service, Hinomori.
Ichika: I-Is it just me, or are those two a little more serious about this...?
(Black cut)
Staff Member: Welcome to Phenny's Nightmare! For this attraction, please proceed forward in pairs.
Staff Member: Who's next? Oh, a star of the day! Happy birthday! Be careful not to get lost in the world of nightmares.
Ichika: Thank you. Alright, let's go, Kusanagi.
Nene: Yeah, let's.
Ichika: Hehe. They called it the world of nightmares, but it wasn't scary at all when I went last time.
Nene: It is a haunted house of sorts for kids, after all. It's more popular for its cute props.
Emu's Voice (Emu): Oh, Kohane! Look! There's a kappa!
Kohane's Voice (Kohane): Wow! That's a character that only appears during summer! I've been so excited to see it!
Ichika: Hehe. Sounds like some people are having a fun time. It's rare to be in a haunted house without any screaming.
Nene: Yeah. I don't think I've seen anyone scared in... Actually, scratch that. I think I have.
Ichika: Are you possibly referring to...
Saki's Voice (Saki): AHHH!!! Hurry, Hona! Something's over there and it's staring right at us!!!
Honami's Voice (Honami): AHHH!!! That's a kappa! Wait for me, Saki!!!
Ichika: ...those two?
Nene: Yup. I guess it doesn't take much to scare them...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Phoenix Wonderland - Restaurant]

Emu: Aaaah! We did so much!!!
Ichika: Yeah, it was really fun! I didn't think we'd get to go on so many attractions.
Honami: We didn't have to line up at all either. You truly are a PXL expert, Kohane.
Kohane: That's because Emu and Kusanagi told me when and where it gets crowded. But I'm glad that my route worked out.
Kohane: Oh, I'd love to hear about everyone's favorite attractions. What was yours, Ichika?
Ichika: Hmmm, I think it'd be Phenny's Sweet Dream. I liked how cute it was.
Ichika: I just felt so happy being immersed in Phenny's world.
Haruka & Shiho: Me too! Same here.
Haruka: I had a lot of fun riding the Phoenix Coaster.
Ichika: Oh yeah, that's the most popular roller coaster, right?
Minori: It looked so scary that me and Ichika ended up passing on it...
Ichika: But the photo of everyone at the top turned out great. Otori and Haruka had such big smiles.
Honami: I had heard they take your photo, but it was amazing how you two were able to smile like that at the peak...
Emu: Hehehe! It was a super exciting, wonderhoy roller coaster, after all!
Haruka: It was. I'd like to go on it again.
Ichika: Oh, speaking of which, what about that other attra... Hm?
Saki: What's wrong?
Ichika: Um, there's a staff member carrying a cake and I swear they looked over here...
Restaurant Staff: Happy birthday to you♪ Happy birthday to you♪
Ichika: W-Wait, what?!
Restaurant Staff: Happy birthday, dear Ichika♪ Happy birthday to you♪
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Ichika: What?! Huh?!
Saki: Hehehe. Operation Surprise, accomplished!
Ichika: You prepared all of this?
Shiho: It's not a birthday without a cake, right?
Honami: Emu and Kusanagi told me about the shops that offer special birthday services.
Ichika: Thank you, everyone! That surprised me, but I'm so grateful...
Saki: Woohoo! We got to see Ichi's biggest smile today!
Nene: Hehe, I'm glad you like it.
Restaurant Staff: Alright. We'll go ahead and divide up the cake.
Kohane: Thank you. Please take the biggest slice, Ichika.
Minori: Oh, you can also have my strawberry, Ichika! You're the star of the day!
Ichika: Really? Thank you. Hehe, looks yummy.
Shiho: Alright, once we're done eating, shall we make our way home? It's starting to get dark too.
Haruka: Time really does fly by when you're having so much fun.
Ichika: Yeah... Actually, can I stop by one place before we head home?
Saki: If the birthday girl wishes! Although, we did check out a lot of spots today. Where did you want to go?
Ichika: I wanted to go get some souvenirs.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Miku! Everyone!
Miku (Ln): Ichika?
Rin (Ln): What're you all doing here? I thought you were going to a theme park today?
Len (Ln): Unless, you just came back? You spent your birthday with your friends, right?
Ichika: I did. It was the best day ever! It felt like I had a year's worth of fun!
KAITO (Ln): Looks like everything went really well.
Luka (Ln): I can tell you all had a lot of fun. But don't you feel tired?
MEIKO (Ln): Yes, what brings you all over to SEKAI? Was there something you needed?
Ichika: Well, not necessarily, but... We have something for all of you!
Saki: Ta-da! We have souvenirs for you!
Everyone: What?!
Honami: This is PXL's famed Phenny manju! We also bought cookies, candy and all sorts of other stuff!
Shiho: They're the standard souvenirs from PXL, but they're all very good. We've got plenty to go around, so let's have them together.
Rin (Ln): Wow! Thanks, girls!
Saki: Hehe. Direct your thanks to Ichi!
Honami: Ichika was the one who suggested we get souvenirs for everyone.
Ichika: I had so much fun today, and... I wanted to share that with all of you somehow.
Miku (Ln): Thank you, Ichika.
Miku (Ln): We're grateful for the gifts, but your timing actually couldn't be more perfect.
Ichika: Perfect?
Everyone: Happy birthday!!!
Miku (Ln): We were actually preparing a birthday celebration for you, too.
MEIKO (Ln): But we thought you'd be tired today, so we had planned to do it tomorrow.
Ichika: Everyone... I wanted to surprise you, but I ended up being the one surprised.
Ichika: Thank you so much!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000340/bg_s000340.webp)
Kohane: Happy birthday, Ichika!
Minori & Haruka: Happy birthday!
Kohane: It was a lot of fun going to PXL with everyone! I know we were there to celebrate your birthday, but it became a precious memory for me too.
Minori: I totally get what you mean, Kohane! It was so fun trying all the churro flavors, comparing them, and getting matching merch!
Haruka: I hope we can go all together again. We all definitely wished the day wouldn't end.
Kohane: We should all go to the nighttime events next. The parade is really pretty and I'm sure it'll be fun to go see it together.
Minori: Agreed! Even if it's not someone's birthday, we should go all together sometime!
Haruka: Hehe, then I suppose we should book the PXL expert's services ASAP.
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Ichika! I heard you had a great time with Saki and everyone at Phoenix Wonderland! I'm happy to know that your friendship is stronger than ever!
Emu: Happy birthday, Ichika! It sure was a super duper happy and special one! I'm glad everyone was all smiles at Phoenix Wonderland!
Nene: Um, once again, happy birthday. I'm glad I was able to celebrate your birthday with you, Hoshino. Let's hang out again sometime.
Airi: Happy birthday, Ichika. Celebrating at PXL must've been wonderful! I heard how much fun you all had from Minori and Haruka!
Shizuku: Shii didn't give me many details, but I could tell she had a lot of fun from the look of her face!
Airi: But the celebration doesn't stop there! Be sure to look forward to coming to school next.
Kanade: Um... Happy birthday, Hoshino. I heard that you spent your birthday at PXL.
Ena: Really? She had a PXL birthday celebration?
Kanade: I guess so. Ms. Mochizuki showed me some photos, and there were a lot of Hoshino smiling.
Ena: I didn't realize. Happy birthday, Ichika! It must've been a dream spending your birthday at a theme park. Tell me all about it next time we meet up!
Mafuyu: Hehe, I'm sure she had a lot of fun. Happy birthday, Hoshino. I'm glad to hear that you had a wonderful day.
Honami: Once again, happy birthday, Ichika.
Saki & Shiho: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Shiho: Despite being Saki's impromptu idea, celebrating your birthday at PXL was pretty great.
Saki: I know, right?! Ichi had so much fun too!
Shiho: It was really funny seeing Kohane take burst shots of Ichika.
Saki: Hahaha, the way she did it screamed pro, huh? That reminds me, we should print out the photos Kohane took and put them into a scrapbook!
Honami: Hehe. In that case, let's get Miku and the others to help out. We can ask them to tell us about what fun memories they had with Ichika.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: Thank you for all the birthday wishes, everyone!
Ichika: I really had so much fun... I think that was the most fun I've ever had at PXL.
Ichika: It's not often I have so many people celebrating my birthday with me. It's a little embarrassing, but... It made me really happy.
Ichika: Thanks to all of this, I feel like I can keep working hard. I hope you'll continue to cheer me on.
(White cut)
