998_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Meeting Miku (event_143)

Gacha phrase: Whoa...! She's so cool...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Little Ichika (Ichika): We should play a Miku song together!
(White cut)
Little Shiho (Shiho): Oh, this is a pretty cool song...
Little Ichika (Ichika): See what I mean?
Little Saki (Saki): Miku's also really cool!
Little Ichika (Ichika): I know, right?!
(White cut)
Little Ichika (Ichika): Let's get our band started!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: That's how we ended up forming our band.
Len (Ln): Wow. Miku told us that happened, but I'm still amazed by how you all decided to form a band in elementary school.
Rin (Ln): Oh, Ichi, can you tell us more about what happened after you got your band started?!
Ichika: Sure. Then, I'll continue...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Little Saki (Saki): He said he'd lend you his guitar?! That's great, Ichi!
Little Ichika (Ichika): Yeah, he said I could use it after I told him we want to play that Miku song together!
Little Ichika (Ichika): Oh, he also helped me tune it since he apparently hadn't played it in a while.
Little Honami (Honami): Really?! Your dad is such a nice person.
Little Ichika (Ichika): Hehe. He even told me about the strings and how to play a few chords.
Little Ichika (Ichika): He seemed really happy for some reason. Why do you think that is?
Little Ichika (Ichika): I mean, I honestly wasn't sure if he'd actually lend me his guitar...
Little Shiho (Shiho): This is just my guess... But I think he's happy about you showing interest.
Little Shiho (Shiho): Because that means you like the same thing he does. I mean, I'd be happy.
Little Ichika (Ichika): Huh...?
Little Honami (Honami): Yeah! Now that you mention it, Ichika, you told us all about those Miku songs.
Little Honami (Honami): Whenever Shiho or Saki said one of them was cool, it put such a big smile on your face!
Little Ichika (Ichika): Oh...
Little Ichika (Ichika): You're right! I was really happy when they said that!
Little Ichika (Ichika): (So, Dad felt the same way...?!)
Little Shiho (Shiho): Oh yeah, Honami, have you found a drum kit you can use...?
Little Honami (Honami): Yes! I asked the music teacher and there's apparently a set in the prep room that no one has used in a while.
Little Ichika (Ichika): Oh, so there is one at school.
Little Shiho (Shiho): What did I say? I told you there was a drum kit hiding under that dust cover.
Little Ichika (Ichika): Yeah, it was definitely worth peeking through the little window in the door.
Little Saki (Saki): Anyway, what happened after that?!
Little Honami (Honami): After I learned about that drum kit, the teacher agreed to teach me when we're both free!
Little Saki (Saki): What?! That teacher can play the drums?!
Little Shiho (Shiho): That's great. Even if you were able to borrow a drum kit, I was worried that no one would be able to teach you how to play them.
Little Ichika (Ichika): Then, that means we all have our instruments!
Little Ichika (Ichika): (Wow...)
Little Ichika (Ichika): (We really get to be in a band together...!)
Little Shiho (Shiho): So, what are we gonna play? Do you already have a song for us, Ichika?
Little Ichika (Ichika): Umm... It's a little hard to play, but I was thinking that we could try the first song I showed all of you.
Little Shiho (Shiho): Sure. I actually kinda want to learn it as well.
Little Saki (Saki): Wow... How cool would it be if we all managed to learn how to play that song♪
Little Honami (Honami): *Nod* I still don't know if I'll do well on the drums, but I promise to do my best.
Little Ichika (Ichika): All of you...
Little Ichika (Ichika): Yeah! Let's do our best!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): And the song you all first played after coming over to SEKAI was that one, yes?
Shiho: Yeah. But we were pretty bad since we hadn't played together for so long.
Saki: Still, that was super fun!
Honami: It was...
MEIKO (Ln): That story also sounds interesting, but I'd like to hear more about what you were all like when you were little.
KAITO (Ln): Me too... You only just got to the part where you each had your instrument.
Luka (Ln): Yes, I'd love to hear how things went from there.
Ichika: Sure. Then, I guess we should talk about how we practiced back then.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku)

[Ichika's Room]

Ichika: Phew...
Ichika: (This demo's coming along nicely...)
Ichika: Oh, wait... I might want to make this part sound a little sadder.
Ichika: Hmm... The pre-chorus is going to affect how the rest of this song is going to feel, so I should probably put as much effort as I can into it. I'll ask Saki about this later and...
Ichika: Huh...?
Miku (Ln): <Hehe. You finally noticed.>
Ichika: M-Miku! How long have you been there?
Miku (Ln): <About ten minutes. But I didn't want to break your concentration, so I decided to sit back and watch you work.>
Miku (Ln): <Are you writing the song for that collaboration?>
Ichika: Yeah. The melody's just about finished, so I'm thinking about having Miku sing it.
Miku (Ln): <The theme is “This Moment With You!”, yes? I'm looking forward to hearing a youthful and energetic song.>
Ichika: Me too...
Miku (Ln): <...? I thought you already knew what it'll sound like since you just said the melody's finished.>
Ichika: Yeah, but...
Ichika: Things can change after hearing Miku sing it.
Ichika: I know that sounds strange since we're the ones writing these songs.
Miku (Ln): <I'm sure that has something to do with hearing it actually sung for the first time...>
Ichika: *Nod*
Miku (Ln): <Is something wrong, Ichika...?>
Ichika: No, nothing's wrong. It's just...
Ichika: It really is strange how I'm able to talk to you like this.
Ichika: Little me who'd just discovered you existed would probably be shocked speechless if she heard about this.
Miku (Ln): <Hehe. That'd be so cute.>
Miku (Ln): <Actually, based on what you said in SEKAI about you from back then, she would've reacted in an even cuter way.>
Ichika: Huh? Y-You think so...?
Miku (Ln): <Yes, for example...>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Miku (Ln): <Hello, Ichika. I'm the Miku from your girls' SEKAI.>
Little Ichika (Ichika): M-Miku's talking...! And she knows my name...!
Little Ichika (Ichika): H-Hello! My name is Ichika Hoshino... No, wait, you already know that...
Little Ichika (Ichika): Uhh... I love the way you sing and I listen to your songs all the time! Umm... And...
Miku (Ln): <Hehe. It's okay. Try to relax. I'm listening, Ichika.>
Little Ichika (Ichika): *Gasp* You said my name again...!
Miku (Ln): <I'll say your name as much as you like, Ichika. But that's not all I can do.>
Miku (Ln): <Look. I can also play the guitar.>
Little Ichika (Ichika): What?!
Little Ichika (Ichika): Th-That's amazing...! You're amazing, Miku!!
Little Ichika (Ichika): I can also kind of play the guitar! So, can we...?
Miku (Ln): <Yes, I'd love to play with you. And sing if possible.>
Little Ichika (Ichika): Sing?! Are you sure?!
Miku (Ln): <Yes. After all, I love to both play and sing.>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Miku (Ln): <What do you think? That's one way you'd react, right?>
Ichika: Y-Yeah...
Ichika: (I wish I could say I wouldn't get that hyper...)
Ichika: (But I doubt I would've been able to contain myself if she asked me to sing and play the guitar with her...)
Ichika: (I need to make sure the song I'm writing right now turns into one that I absolutely want Miku to sing.)
Ichika: Thanks, Miku. I feel even more motivated now after talking to you.
Miku (Ln): <Really? Then, I'm glad I came over to see how you were doing.>
Miku (Ln): <Anyway, I'll head back to SEKAI and let you get back to work. I'm looking forward to hearing your song.>
Ichika: Thanks! Saki and I promise to make it a good one!
Ichika: Alright, back to work...!
(Black cut)
