1101_Ichika Hoshino_R2 A Picture Of Radiance (event_155)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[School SEKAI]

Len (Ln): You've been drawing Miku?
Ichika: Yeah. We were assigned a project for art class, and the theme is “radiance”.
Ichika: When I thought about what that word means, Miku immediately came to mind...
Rin (Ln): Haha. That totally sounds like you, Ichi!
Miku (Ln): And I'm right here. I really don't know how I'm supposed to react.
Ichika: S-Sorry.
Miku (Ln): No, don't apologize. I'm really happy that I immediately came to mind for you, Ichika.
Ichika: Okay, that's good to hear...
Len (Ln): Still, Ichika, I'm looking forward to seeing how your drawing of Miku turns out.
Rin (Ln): Yeah, me too!
Ichika: Oh, but... I still haven't decided how I'm going to draw her yet.
Miku (Ln): Really?
Ichika: Yeah, which probably has to do with me not drawing on a regular basis.
Ichika: No matter how many times I try, I can't seem to draw Miku the way I want.
Rin (Ln): Right... Oh, I know! Why don't you try drawing her right now?
Ichika: Huh?
Rin (Ln): I've gotta think that you're gonna have an easier time drawing Miku-P if she's right in front of you!
Ichika: Actually, you might be right...
Miku (Ln): I'll model for you if you like.
Ichika: Thanks, Miku.
Ichika: But I feel bad since standing still for a long period of time is probably going to be really boring...
Len (Ln): Then, why don't you two draw each other? That should make things more fun for you, Miku.
Miku (Ln): That does sound like fun. What do you say, Ichika?
Ichika: Okay. If you don't mind, Miku, then let's give it a try.
Rin (Ln): Oh, Len! We should also draw each other.
Len (Ln): I had a feeling you'd say that. And hey, it will be more fun than just watching them.
Ichika: Hehe. This is starting to feel like an art class.
(Black cut)

[One hour later]

Miku (Ln): How is your drawing coming along? Good...?
Ichika: Yeah, this is much easier compared to when I was only referring to illustrations.
Miku (Ln): I see. That's good to hear.
Ichika: But... It really is hard to make a good drawing.
Ichika: I'm sorry, Miku... I still haven't been able to capture your radiance well.
Rin (Ln): Oh, Ichi! What do you think it is that makes Miku-P so radiant?
Len (Ln): Yeah, I also wanna know.
Ichika: So, saying this in front of her is a little embarrassing...
Ichika: But I believe that she's radiant in multiple different ways.
Ichika: The serious expression she makes while singing, the way she gives us advice and shows just how reliable a senior she is...
Ichika: Also, I feel this sense of relief whenever I see her having fun listening to us play...
Miku (Ln): O-Oh, I see...
Rin (Ln): That's amazing, Ichi! You pay so much attention to Miku-P!
Len (Ln): In other words, all of Miku's best qualities are what you believe make her so radiant?
Ichika: *Nod*
Miku (Ln): I actually feel like you don't have to think so hard while drawing me...
Ichika: Huh?
Miku (Ln): Because you already seem to have a good understanding of what makes me so radiant in your eyes, Ichika.
Miku (Ln): I have a feeling that you'll be able to capture that just fine by drawing the way you want.
Ichika: Miku...
Ichika: Okay, now I feel like I'll be able to draw something I'm happy with...
Miku (Ln): That's good to hear.
Ichika: Oh, but...
Ichika: I still want it to look good, so would you mind bearing with me for a little bit longer...?
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Then, I'll stay for as long as you like.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Ichika: (Thank goodness I was able to finish my art project on time.)
Ichika: (The teacher even praised me for “expressing what I felt in a very straightforward manner.”)
Ichika: (I really need to thank Miku and the others sometime...)
Saki: Ichi!
Ichika: Oh, hi, Saki.
Saki: You have your sketchbook with you... Does that mean you just had art class?
Ichika: Yeah, we just got our projects back.
Saki: Oh! You drew a picture of Miku, right? Can I see what kind of masterpiece you created?
Ichika: Okay, one second.
Saki: Wow, it's Miku! And she's so colorful! It's really pretty!
Ichika: Yeah, I decided to use a variety of colors to express the different ways in which Miku is radiant. But I still feel like I could've done a better job...
Saki: No, don't say that! This totally shows me how you see Miku, Ichi!
Ichika: R-Really?
Saki: Really! She can be incredibly cool, adorably cute or super sparkly!
Saki: Your drawing is a tidy package that's jam-packed with all of her best qualities!
Ichika: Th-Thanks...
Ichika: I actually had Miku and some of the others help me with this.
Saki: You did?
Ichika: Yeah, she agreed to model for me. We even all ended up drawing together...
Ichika: That really allowed me to complete my project.
Saki: I didn't know that!
Ichika: *Nod* It was really hard, but it was definitely worth the effort.
Ichika: Plus, Saki, you understood what I was trying to do in terms of how to present her radiance.
Saki: Yeah! That was crystal clear!
Ichika: And your project turned out so well.
Ichika: I did get to see your progress along the way, but the end result was really beautiful.
Saki: Hehe♪ How gorgeous was Kanade?
Ichika: Very. And I immediately understood what you were trying to do, Saki.
Ichika: It struck me that basing the outfit off of Kanade's songs really brought her kindness to the surface.
Saki: Yeah. I ended up causing her a lot of trouble because I took so long to arrive on the right answer...
Saki: But I'm really glad that I kept trying until I was satisfied!
Ichika: Hehe. That means we both did our very best.
Ichika: Oh, before I forget... I wanted your advice on something, Saki.
Saki: My advice?
Ichika: I want to thank Miku and the others for helping me with my project.
Saki: Oh, okay. Then, why don't you get them some yummy snacks?
Saki: You can tell them how well your project went while having a little picnic together!
Ichika: Oh, that's a good idea... I might stop by the store on my way home.
Saki: Hehe. I'm sure they'll love whatever you bring!
Saki: Oh, speaking of which! I need to thank Kanade for helping me!
Saki: What do you think I should do for her, Ichi?
Ichika: Hmm... Nothing too extravagant, since you don't want her to believe that she has to return the favor.
Saki: Right. Hmm... This is really hard...
Ichika: Hehe. I'm sure you'll figure something out.
Saki: Wait, Ichi, you're not gonna help me?!
(Black cut)
