1125_Ichika Hoshino_R3 A Direct Compliment (event_158)

Gacha phrase: Don't be embarrassed.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

[Shopping Mall]

Ichika: What do you think we should get for her...?
Saki: Well, Hona's practicing really hard for her reading event...
Shiho: She might be feeling tired since she's not used to acting. So, what if we got her something that she'll find encouraging?
Ichika: Right... Something encouraging...
Ichika: Oh, Honami just replied back.
Saki: Where is she practicing?
Ichika: The park. Oh, she even sent a picture. Take a look.
Saki: Hey, look at that! She and Nene are doing a “Let's do this!” pose!
Shiho: I have to think that they're both really motivated.
Shiho: It sounds like she's been practicing every day after school since she was asked to be the storyteller.
Ichika: It really is like her to work so hard like this.
Saki: Alright, that means we gotta support those two by buying something nice for them!
Ichika: Right. I hope we find something they'll like.
Ichika: Oh, I know... Her favorite thing might do the trick, right?
Saki: Huh?
Shiho: Yeah, since this is Honami we're talking about, we should probably get...
Saki: Wait, I know the answer!
Saki: Hehe♪ It has to be...!
Shiho, Ichika & Saki: Apple pies!
Ichika: Those are a must. I've never seen Honami look unhappy while having an apple pie.
Shiho: Right. Seems like a sure bet.
Saki: I can picture it now! Hona's smiling face when she finds out that we got her apple pies!
Shiho: No need to picture it, we'll see it soon.
Ichika: Oh, while we're on the subject... I remember her talking about some particular ones recently.
Saki: Yeah, the ones from the confectionary shop in this mall! She said they started selling them not too long ago!
Shiho: She talked about them pretty passionately. She said she's really excited about trying them since she hasn't had them yet.
Ichika: Which means they'd make the perfect gift.
Saki: Yeah, let's go get some!
Saki: Now, what would go well with them?
Ichika: Hmm... Well...
Ichika: Since they're practicing telling a story, they might want something that helps their throats.
Saki: Oh, in that case, what about herbal tea?
Saki: It's good for your throat, and goes great with apple pies!
Ichika: Yeah, that's not a bad idea. Plus, it's really soothing.
Shiho: Yeah. And this place's cafe sells herbal tea, right?
Saki: They do! We should be able to get some to go!
Ichika: Then, we can also buy some tea. What else is good for your throat? Oh...
Ichika: Come to think of it, does Tsukasa do anything special for his throat?
Saki: Tsukasa?
Ichika: Yeah. I figured that he takes good care of his throat since he needs it when he performs in shows.
Saki: Hmm... I've never really asked him...
Saki: But I think he does stuff! He's always doing everything he can, so I have to believe he's taking good care of his throat!
Ichika: That's certainly my image of him.
Shiho: Although, I feel like he can shout at will without really doing anything special.
Ichika: Hehe. Yeah.
Saki: Haha♪ I'll send him a message since he might know some good tips and tricks.
Ichika: Thanks. Then, while we wait for him to respond, let's buy everything else.
Ichika: I hope we're able to help make their reading event a success.
Shiho & Saki: Me too. Me too!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Ichika: Let's eat.
Saki, Honami & Shiho: Let's eat! Let's eat.
Saki: Oh, yes...! I've got fried shrimp for lunch today!
Honami: Hehe. Those look very good.
Saki: Your lunch also looks really yummy, Hona! You've got Salisbury steaks today♪
Honami: Yes, that's right. Actually, would you like one?
Saki: Wow, thanks! Then, you can have one of my shrimp♪
Shiho: You're having two yakisoba buns again, Ichika?
Ichika: Yeah, the school store was really crowded, so I thought they'd run out. But I managed to get two.
Shiho: I'm still amazed by how much you like them.
Shiho: That reminds me of the bread you see in stores with special stickers.
Ichika: Oh, the ones that allow you to win plates and stuff?
Shiho: Yeah. Imagine if they had those at the school store. You'd probably win a ton of stuff, Ichika.
Saki: Yeah, based on how much bread you buy from there, you'd probably get truckloads of goodies...!
Ichika: Hmm... I'm not sure what I'd do with all those things...
Saki: Really? Alright, what if it was all Miku merch?
Ichika: Oh, in that case, I'd want them.
Saki: Haha. I knew you'd say that!
Ichika: Oh, speaking of stickers...
Honami: What about them?
Ichika: I found something I hadn't seen in forever while cleaning my room last night.
Saki: Wait, like the first Miku merch you ever bought?
Ichika: Hehe. Nope. Honami's stickers. And they were still unused.
Ichika: Remember how she used to put stickers on all her favorite things when we were little?
Saki: Yeah, I remember! She had all kinds of cute stickers, like flowers and animals and stuff!
Shiho: Oh, those...? I also remember them.
Honami: Wait, really...? But that was so long ago. You all have very good memories.
Shiho: I mean, you stuck them on all your things.
Ichika: Your pencil case, desk pad and basically all your other school supplies.
Honami: Y-Yes, I did, didn't I...?
Saki: Wait a second... Why do you have her stickers, Ichi?
Ichika: Huh?
Saki: I mean, they're her stickers, right? And they're unused. Kinda strange, right...?
Ichika: Yeah, good point... Why were they in my room?
Shiho: Any idea why, Honami?
Honami: Hmm... I can't recall. We are talking about when we were really little...
Ichika: Oh...
Saki: Do you remember now?!
Ichika: I think she gave them to me.
Shiho: Oh, really?
Ichika: Yeah. I don't remember why... But I do think she gave them to me.
Saki: Actually, I also kinda remember being given stickers at some point...
Ichika: Huh?
Shiho: Oh...
Shiho: Yeah, I also remember getting a few sheets now.
Ichika: Hehe. That means we were all given some.
Shiho: But now I'm wondering why you gave them to us.
Saki: Did you hand them out to us because you had a bunch of extras?
Honami: So, I think I remember now...
Saki: Oh, you do?
Honami: I have a feeling that I wanted to share my favorite stickers with all of you...
Shiho: Huh?
Honami: So, back then, I did like to put stickers on basically everything...
Honami: I think my hope was for my closest friends to use my favorite stickers in the same way.
Ichika: Now I see.
Honami: But I was also sad because you didn't really use them.
Ichika: Hehe. I think we wanted to save them for something special.
Saki: Yeah, that's totally true for me! I remember thinking how cute those stickers were!
Honami: Oh, then... You should've used them...
Saki: But it's so hard to take them off once you've stuck them onto something! I didn't wanna waste them!
Shiho: We would've used them if we knew that you wanted us to...
Honami: I... I was too embarrassed to actually say that...
Shiho, Ichika & Saki: Hehe. Haha.
(Black cut)
