1147_Ichika Hoshino_R4 My All In This Sound (event_162)

Gacha phrase: I can sing more! I can play more!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Diner]

Waiter: Finally, I have a deluxe chocolate banana parfait.
Ichika: Oh, that's mine. Thank you.
Shiho: That parfait's huge, Ichika. Look at all the layers of banana slices and chocolate.
Ichika: Yeah, it's big, but I feel like I can finish the whole thing right now.
Saki: Anyway, now that we all have what we ordered, it's time to start digging in! Let's eat!
Honami, Ichika & Shiho: Let's eat.
Ichika: Mmm... So good...!
Saki: *Sigh* This is just what my tired brain was craving.
Honami: We did end up having a fairly lengthy discussion regarding our staging.
Saki: Yeah! And this is the ideal reward for all our hard work♪
Ichika: We still have a few things left to decide, but I'm glad that we were able to agree on an overall plan for our performance.
Shiho: Me too. But none of it will matter if we can't actually perform like we planned.
Shiho: So, we'll need to push ourselves even harder than usual until the show.
Honami: Still, Ichika, I feel like you have the hardest job out of all of us...
Ichika: Huh?
Saki: Yeah... We're having you and Shiho play back-to-back solos on your guitar and bass now. And with the new arrangement, you even have to change how you sing.
Saki: Let us know if you ever need our help with anything, okay?!
Ichika: Saki...
Shiho: She's right. We'll need to strike a good balance when we do our solos, so we should work on them together.
Honami: I can also help you keep time while you practice, so please let me know if you'd like me to help.
Ichika: Thanks, everyone... That really means a lot.
Ichika: (They're right about me having a lot on my plate...)
Ichika: (As the opening act, we have to warm up an audience who came to see Free Cluster perform, not us.)
Ichika: (And to do that...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Naruse's Voice: <♪————!!!>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (I have to put on a powerful performance like her, and really strike at the heart through my singing.)
Ichika: (A performance that allows us to move their hearts and unite the whole arena with our music. I have to—)
Saki: Is something wrong, Ichi?
Ichika: Oh, I was just thinking, I guess. I was remembering that performance we saw from Ms. Naruse on that video site.
Shiho: Ms. Naruse?
Ichika: Yeah. She knows how to work her audience, and her singing voice just seems to naturally resonate with your heart.
Ichika: She does everything at such a high level. From playing her guitar to singing, she's just a great performer overall.
Shiho: Yeah... That's why she's able to put on such compelling performances.
Ichika: Free Cluster's an incredible band, and we're going to open for them. That means we have to put on the best show possible, right?
Ichika: And to do that... I want to get as close as I can to what Ms. Naruse does as she sings and plays her guitar.
Ichika: That's going to involve a lot of work, but I plan on doing every single thing I can to get even a step closer.
Ichika: So that we're able to put on amazing shows like her and her band.
Honami: Ichika...
Shiho: I agree... Let's give it all we've got, and get as close as we can.
Saki: Yeah...! Let's grow a ton and put on a performance that really moves the crowd's hearts!
Saki: And to make that happen...
Saki: We need to recharge our batteries! So, Ichi, here! You can have one of my strawberries!
Ichika: Oh, are you sure? Thanks.
Honami: Then, you can have some of my apple sherbet.
Shiho: I'll give you some of my pudding.
Ichika: Huh? Wait, you're making too big a pile! It's going to collapse...!
Saki: Hurry! You gotta eat everything now!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A]

Ichika: Phew...
Ichika: (I overslept a little bit, but I still managed to get in on time.)
Classmate: Oh, Hoshino, good morning!
Ichika: Oh, morning!
Classmate: Great show yesterday! You and your band put on such a fun performance.
Ichika: ...! Thank you...!
Ichika: (Come to think of it, she came up to talk to me when the lineup was announced too.)
Ichika: (I'm glad she enjoyed the show.)
Classmate: You've all improved so much since the last time I saw you play over at that live house! I was so surprised!
Ichika: Wait, really?
Classmate: Yeah! And that solo relay you two did was super duper cool!
Ichika: It was...?
Ichika: We spent a lot of time practicing it, so I really appreciate you saying that.
Ichika: We really wanted to grab hold of the audience's attention and turn the arena on its head.
Classmate: Turn the arena on its head... Yeah, that was just about when everyone around me started cheering too. The temperature just kept going up.
Classmate: Especially during the second song... How do I describe it...? It felt like we'd become a part of your band's performance, Hoshino!
Ichika: You'd become a part of our performance...?
Classmate: Yeah! That moment, I felt like you and the others... No, it felt like all of us in that arena had become one.
Ichika: Oh...
Ichika: Thank you for saying that! I felt the same way...!
Classmate: Hehe. Anyway, keep up the amazing work! I'm really rooting for all of you!
Ichika: Thanks!
Ichika: ...
Ichika: (We'd all become one...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika: ♪————~~~!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (I did feel something like a connection to everyone during the show...)
Ichika: (But to actually hear that from someone who was there...)
Ichika: (I couldn't be happier.)
Honami: Good morning, Ichika.
Ichika: Oh. Morning, Honami.
Honami: Hm? Did something good happen?
Ichika: Huh?
Honami: Hehe. You seemed kind of happy just now.
Ichika: Oh, so... I just got to talk to a girl who came and saw our show yesterday.
Ichika: She said that she had a lot of fun, so I'm really glad that we put so much effort into it.
Honami: I see. That is nice to hear.
Honami: The same thing actually happened to me just now by the main entrance.
Ichika: Wait, really?
Honami: Yes. She was a first-year, and that show was the first time she'd heard of us.
Honami: She even said that she liked the songs we played, and listened to them this morning.
Ichika: Really? It's so encouraging to hear directly back from audience members like this.
Ichika: It proves that we were able to connect with them. And I feel like working even harder now.
Honami: Me too. I know we just finished a show, but I'm already looking forward to playing for them again.
Honami: So, Ichika, let's keep doing our best today, and in the future.
Ichika: Yeah!
(Black cut)
