1189_Ichika Hoshino_R4 Unformed Feelings (event_171)

Gacha phrase: I finally found what I want to do, but...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A]

Ichika: *Sigh* I can't believe it...
Honami: Me neither...
Saki: Pardon me♪ Oh, there they are!
Saki: Ichi! Hona! Wanna have lunch together?
Ichika: Oh... Umm... I...
Shiho: Hm? No yakisoba bun, Ichika? Have you not had a chance to buy any yet?
Ichika: Oh, so...
(Black cut)
Saki: What?! You weren't able to buy lunch?!
Ichika: I was late getting to the store because our last class ended up going over a bit...
Shiho: I didn't realize they could run out... I'm glad I brought a lunch today.
Saki: Oh, I know! I just came up with a great idea♪
Saki: The three of us all brought lunches today, right, Hona, Shiho?
Saki: So, why don't we make Ichi a one-of-a-kind lunch platter by sharing some of our food with her?
Ichika: What...?
Shiho: Yeah, why not? You should be able to have plenty if all three of us pitch in. It'll be a lot better than splitting one lunch between two people.
Honami: Not only that, you'll get to have a wider variety.
Ichika: N-No, I couldn't...
Saki: You can't turn us down, Ichi! Anyway, let's head down to the courtyard!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Ichika: Are you sure about this? You're really going to share your lunches with me...?
Saki: Yeah, of course♪
Honami: We need to help each other out whenever one of us is in need.
Ichika: Thank you all so much...
Saki: Alright, let's start putting together Ichi's one-of-a-kind Leo/need lunch platter!
Saki: Starting with me! I have... Ta-daa! Mini rice balls!
Ichika: Oh, they have smiley faces made of seaweed on them. That's really cute.
Saki: I know, right? Oh, you'll have to make do with using the lid to my container as your plate.
Saki: Anyway, here's a smiling rice ball...!
Shiho: Then, I'll give you one of my mini Salisbury steaks.
Honami: I'll add a bit of color and balance out the nutrients by throwing in some of my marinated vegetable salad.
Ichika: Wow... It already feels like a real lunch.
Honami: But two side dishes seems like not very much. Why don't I also give you one of my omelets...?
Shiho: I also have omelets, so you can have one.
Saki: I've got some too. Here, Ichi, have one!
Ichika: Thanks. Getting to try all of your families' omelets sort of makes this a special occasion.
Honami: You can tell us how they compare.
Saki: Oh, I know! You can try to guess who made which omelets, Ichi!
Ichika: What?! That sounds really hard.
Saki: Just give it a try♪ Now, close your eyes for me!
Ichika: Okay, let me know when everything's ready...
Saki: I should turn the lid around a different way. Otherwise, she'll know immediately...
Shiho: Hehe. That should be enough. Ichika, you can open your eyes now...
Ichika: Okay...
Saki: Alright, let's get our blind omelet quiz underway! Start with whichever one you like, Ichi♪
Ichika: Okay. Again, thank you all for being so kind. I think I'll start with this one on the right.
Ichika: Mmm... The broth just gushed right out... This feels like a Hinomori omelet.
Shiho: Huh? Yeah, that's right... I'm impressed, Ichika.
Ichika: You did share some with me when we swapped dishes before.
Ichika: Next, I'll try the one in the middle. Oh, it's pretty sweet...
Ichika: And the last one... Mmm... I'm sensing a hint of soy sauce.
Saki: Now, who made which...?
Ichika: Let's see... The sweet one was yours, Saki, and the one on the left was Honami's... I think?
Saki: Yes, that's right! We have a winner! That's a clean sweep, Ichi!
Shiho: Despite not sounding so confident, you got them all right.
Ichika: Yours and Saki's were actually pretty easy, Shiho.
Ichika: But I doubt the three of you would have any trouble guessing either since we do share food all the time.
Ichika: I know. We wouldn't have a hard time, but it might be fun to have Miku and the others try this game.
Saki: Yeah, that would be fun!
Honami: You could include some of the omelets from your house when we do, Ichika.
Ichika: Hehe. Do you think they'll be able to figure it out?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

[Ichika's Room]

Ichika: I think the second verse went something like this... Wait, this part... Is this what it sounded like...?
Ichika: Hmm... Something isn't right here...
???: <Ichika.>
Ichika: Oh...
Ichika: Miku! What brings you here?
Miku (Ln): <You said during practice yesterday that you were going to be trying something. I came to see what you were talking about.>
Miku (Ln): <How is it going? Good?>
Ichika: Hmm... Not really...
Ichika: So, I'm trying to remember how to play the song I wrote for Saki and the others during that dream.
Miku (Ln): <Oh, the one you had “me” sing...?>
Ichika: Yeah. Saki and the others said that it was really good, so I was hoping to sing it as a Leo/need song for real.
Miku (Ln): <Wonderful. I've been meaning to ask you more about that song.>
Miku (Ln): <But if you haven't made much progress, then...>
Ichika: I can't clearly recall how the melody went or what the lyrics were. I'm only able to remember bits and pieces...
Miku (Ln): <Can you play for me what you have been able to remember? I'd also like to see the lyrics if possible...>
Ichika: Sure, I'll play the melody now. And the lyrics are here in this notebook.
Miku (Ln): <Yes, I see...>
Ichika: This is a part of the chorus... But it's pretty hard to tell what the song is about, isn't it?
Miku (Ln): <I don't think so.>
Miku (Ln): <I sensed your kindness very clearly, Ichika. You were trying to show your support for Saki and the others.>
Miku (Ln): <The lyrics also made me want to keep my chin up and move forward.>
Ichika: Thank you.
Ichika: But the melody and lyrics still feel really incomplete. This song is different from the one I had the others listen to in that dream.
Ichika: *Sigh* Why can't I remember how it went? I can clearly recall everything else that happened.
Miku (Ln): <Do you remember what you felt as you wrote this song...?>
Ichika: No, actually... I remember the theme being a song of support that would cheer them up.
Miku (Ln): <Hmm... What if you can't remember because of that massive sense of relief you felt after getting your message across to them?>
Ichika: Oh, that might be why.
Ichika: After they said that it was good, I felt this incredible sense of accomplishment or fulfillment.
Ichika: Then, we began talking about performing as a band at the school festival, watched the Leonid meteor shower together and finally got our memories back...
Miku (Ln): <Considering how quickly things moved at the end there, I think it's only natural that you don't remember how your song went.>
Ichika: I know, but...
Ichika: I tried thinking about the emotions I felt, and even tried to revive them. But nothing's worked so far.
Miku (Ln): <You really can't do anything about that.>
Miku (Ln): <Because the you from that dream and the real you are one and the same, but also not.>
Ichika: Huh?
Miku (Ln): <I mean, when writing a song, an individual's experiences and knowledge can greatly influence what they end up producing, no?>
Ichika: Oh, right. Compared to my current self, the me in that dream led a drastically different life.
Miku (Ln): <Exactly...>
Miku (Ln): <Only the you from that dream was capable of producing that song.>
Ichika: In that dream, not only was I terrible at playing the guitar, that was the first song I'd ever written. I was really just wandering around in the dark.
Ichika: If I were to hear that song right now, I might feel embarrassed because of how bad I was at everything.
Ichika: Still...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: I managed to reach the others.
Miku (Ln): <Which sort of makes me believe that it may be better for you not to remember how it went.>
Miku (Ln): <You could all lock it away in your hearts as the fabled song that brought you back together.>
Ichika: Fabled...?
Ichika: Yeah...
Ichika: Trying to recreate it based on just bits and pieces of information wouldn't be very fair to the me from that dream.
Ichika: Instead, I should be writing songs that I can produce as I am now.
Miku (Ln): <I agree with that statement.>
Miku (Ln): <I'll be looking forward to hearing your new song. I'd like to sing it if possible.>
Ichika: Of course! All of us can sing it, together!
(Black cut)
