1202_Ichika Hoshino_R4 We're With You (event_173)

Skill name: Enjoying The Afterglow
Gacha phrase: So try not to burden yourself too much, okay?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Photo Shoot]

Photographer: Oh, that's good! Alright, let's try this angle next...
Photographer: Okay, that's perfect! For your first time doing a cover shoot, you know how to work!
Ichika: Th-Thank you very much...
Photographer: Alright, that's it for the shots of all four of you together! Let's take a quick break now!
Crew Member: We'll resume in fifteen. Next, we'll be taking shots of you individually.
Ichika: Okay, thank you very much!
Saki: Hehe. That photographer praised us so much♪
Ichika: I was a little nervous about being on the cover of a magazine... But I'm glad this shoot's going well.
Shiho: Don't go relaxing just yet. We still have to take our solo shots.
Honami: Oh...
Honami: Solo shots...
Ichika: Is something wrong, Honami?
Honami: Um... I'm a little anxious about having to be all by myself.
Honami: During our last photo shoot, I ended up taking a really long time during the solo portion.
Saki: I know how you feel! Every time we do solo shoots they tell me my face ends up looking weird.
Shiho: It's hard not to be nervous.
Honami: *Nod*
Honami: Oh, but Ichika, your shoots always go fairly smoothly. Is it because you're used to being on camera?
Ichika: What?
Shiho: She's probably the most used to it out of all of us, I guess. A lot of magazines until now have asked for solo shoots with just the vocalist.
Ichika: It's true I've done mostly solo shoots... But aren't you probably more used to having your picture taken, Saki?
Saki: I mean, I take a lot of pics on my phone, but this is totally different!
Saki: I always start thinking about how I have to be sure I look cool and stuff, which makes me freeze up!
Honami: Hehe. The photographers tell us to just act natural, but that's easier said than done.
Shiho: So basically, it boils down to just relaxing.
Saki: Which makes what you do all the more amazing, Ichi! What's your secret? How do you always do it?
Ichika: Hmm... I really don't do anything special...
Ichika: Oh, but I have recently been making an effort to think about fun things.
Honami: Fun things?
Ichika: Yeah. They told me that might help me relax at another photo shoot a little while ago.
Ichika: For example, I'll think about all the times we've had lunch together at school. I've also thought about my favorite Miku songs.
Honami: I see. That does seem like a good way to calm yourself.
Saki: Yeah! I think I'm getting it!
Saki: In my case, I can try remembering all the times we hung out together! We always have so much fun!
Honami: I might try thinking about my walks with Shibao. What about you, Shiho?
Shiho: Me? Well... I found a good song the other day, so I could just try playing it in my head...
Saki: Ooh! That sounds like the perfect solution for you!
Ichika: Hehe. I hope all your ideas work.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Miyamasuzaka]

Honami: Nice work, everyone. Our shoot ended up going very well.
Ichika: The photographer said that they were able to get a lot of good pictures. I can't wait to see how everything turns out.
Saki: Even our solo shoots ended up going well thanks to you, Ichi♪
Ichika: All I did was pass on what a different photographer told me.
Ichika: But I am glad that I was able to help you all.
Shiho: While we're on the subject, what did you think about during this shoot, Ichika?
Saki: Oh, I was also gonna ask that! Everyone at the shoot was talking about how beautiful your smile was.
Honami: The three of us talked about how you must've been thinking about something incredibly fun.
Ichika: Huh? Umm...
Ichika: The truth is, I was thinking about this new bakery I found the other day. Their yakisoba buns were so good...
Ichika: So I was remembering eating them...
Saki: Haha. That's great, Ichi!
Honami: So that beautiful smile was all thanks to yakisoba buns.
Shiho: They must've been really good if they made you smile just from remembering them.
Ichika: Oh... Now I'm starting to feel a little embarrassed...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[Ichika's Room]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (That was so much fun...)
Ichika: (The entire venue overflowed with everyone's love of Miku. And she answered back accordingly.)
Ichika: (I'm also really glad that Honami got to enjoy herself.)
Ichika: Oh, that reminds me. I need to file away that flyer I got. Let's see... The folder I'm saving everything in should be...
???: <Ichika.>
Ichika: Luka! What are you doing here?
Luka (Ln): <I came to hear how that concert went.>
Luka (Ln): <Remember how excited you were yesterday about going?>
Ichika: Oh, right...!
Luka (Ln): <From your expression, it must've been very good.>
Ichika: Yes, it was absolutely amazing...!
Luka (Ln): <Hehe. Can you tell me more?>
Ichika: Alright, where should I start...
Ichika: Oh, actually, they just posted a lot of pictures on their official social media accounts. One second... This is where it took place.
(Black cut)
Ichika: And I think this was from the encore.
Luka (Ln): <Look at all the glow sticks. They're beautiful.>
Ichika: I know, right? The venue was really big, with a powerful sound system.
Ichika: The stage was also a little higher than normal. That made it much easier to see Miku as she sang!
Luka (Ln): <Hehe. I'm glad to hear that. Being able to see the singer's expressions as they sing is one of the best parts of a live show.>
(Black cut)
Ichika: And then, Miku said we should all sing the next song together.
Ichika: We sang while looking at the lyrics on the monitors. That was so much fun...
Luka (Ln): <Wow, with all these people...? I would've loved to hear what that was like.>
Ichika: They sometimes upload videos of these concerts, so I'll show you if they do.
Ichika: But it might really surprise you. Everyone's love for Miku was so loud that I could barely even hear her.
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Ichika: And that's when the medley started, like a sprint to the finish line.
Luka (Ln): <That's a nice idea. Medleys let you listen to a variety of songs, and the way they flow together gives the performance momentum.>
Ichika: Exactly. I was so excited that I ended up waving my arms around a ton. I'm probably going to be really sore tomorrow.
Luka (Ln): <It's proof that you thoroughly enjoyed yourself.>
Ichika: Hehe. It was a fun concert from start to finish.
Ichika: Also, it reminded me of how amazing Miku and the others are.
Luka (Ln): <What do you mean?>
Ichika: During the show, and even after it was over, all the people in the audience around me were smiling...
Ichika: I also saw people who were complete strangers discussing how incredible everything was.
Ichika: I think it's amazing how Miku and the others can bring people together like that...
Ichika: I also want us to put on shows like that.
Luka (Ln): <Ichika...>
Ichika: It might be difficult for me right now...
Ichika: But I want Leo/need's shows to bring people together through our music.
Ichika: And I plan on doing everything I can for that. For our upcoming solo show too.
Luka (Ln): <I'm sure you and the others will succeed, Ichika.>
Luka (Ln): <And we promise to give you girls all the support we can so you're able to put on the best show ever.>
Ichika: Thanks, Luka.
Ichika: (I have to keep practicing. I have to become a better guitarist and singer.)
Ichika: (So that we're able to put on the best performance we can during our solo show.)
Ichika: (So that the audience goes home believing that they just saw something truly incredible!)
(Black cut)
