1222_Ichika Hoshino_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Skill name: SEKAI Sleepover!
Gacha phrase: This is a nice way to start my birthday.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Ichika's birthday]

[School SEKAI]

Saki: Thank you all very, very much for gathering here today, everyone!
Saki: And nowー I'd like to begin the earliest celebration of Ichi's birthday in the whole, wide world! Clap clap clap♪
Ichika: I feel a little bad, having you all gather late at night like this.
Shiho: We're all staying over here tonight anyway, so what's the problem?
Saki: Anyway, Miku, you have the honors! Take it away for us♪
Miku (Ln): Okay. Are we all ready?
Miku (Ln): Then... Ichika, let's have as much fun as we can tonight until you start getting sleepy. Happy birthday!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Ichika: Thanks, you guys.
Rin (Ln): Oh, Sakki! You already have the first activity picked out for us, don't you?
Saki: I do! Our first activity is gonna be an interview with Ichika, who just took a step closer to becoming a grown-up!
MEIKO (Ln): I'll be interviewing you. I have so many questions that I'd like to ask you today.
MEIKO (Ln): First, what are your resolutions for this upcoming year? How would you like to spend it?
Ichika: M-My resolutions? Umm... Well...
Ichika: Now that we've gone pro, lots of people have begun listening to our songs.
Ichika: I'm really happy that we've been able to reach so many people through our music...
Ichika: But it hasn't been all fun and games. We've also seen how we still have a lot of work left ahead of us.
Ichika: So, I'd like to become a better guitarist, songwriter, performer, everything.
Ichika: To make sure that we go above and beyond our listeners' expectations.
MEIKO (Ln): Yes, I like that... And I'm sure you'll all blow away any expectations that are thrown at you!
Rin (Ln): That was so cool, Ichi! You looked all sparkly somehow!
Ichika: R-Really...?
KAITO (Ln): I also found your response compelling.
Ichika: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
MEIKO (Ln): Alright, here's my next question...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO (Ln): Thank you for answering so many questions for us, Ichika.
Ichika: No, if anything, I should thank you. You threw in a few curveballs, which made things really fun.
Saki: Like when she asked, “If Miku told you that you could have only the yakisoba or the bun in a yakisoba bun, then which would you choose?”
Miku (Ln): And you gave such a great answer, Ichika. I never thought I'd ever hear you say—
Ichika: Y-You don't have to repeat it!
Luka (Ln): Hehe. That ended up being a very exciting interview.
Shiho: During all that, we finished prepping this.
Ichika: Huh? Prepping what...? Wow!
Ichika: Is this a giant yakisoba bun...?!
Honami: Yes, we baked a cake which looks like a yakisoba bun.
Honami: I had the idea of using the vermicelli for Mont Blanc cakes for the yakisoba. The color came out really well too.
Ichika: This is incredible...! The way the sauce glistens looks so real!
Ichika: And the red ginger's... Oh, are these julienned strawberries? You're amazing, Honami!
Shiho: She's so excited...
Honami: *Nod* I was actually a little worried since there was no actual yakisoba or bread involved, so thank goodness...
Honami: Oh, I made sure to make it as low-sugar as possible since I knew we'd be having this very late at night. So, there's no need to worry about that.
Saki: Hona's got all the bases covered! Anyway, let's start digging in♪
Ichika: Okay! Let's eat!
Ichika: This is so good! The flavor is so gentle and soothing, somehow.
Miku (Ln): Yes, it is. And it's not too sweet, either. I could go for another slice or two.
Saki: Alright, while we have this cake, let's start giving her our presents♪
Saki: I got you a Miku plushie! I thought it was perfect for you, since she looks like she's having so much fun while singing. And just like that, next up...
Shiho: I got you the sleeping version of that same Miku, because I thought she looked really cute.
Ichika: Wow, they're both adorable...!
Saki: Hehe♪ We actually went out and got these with Emu, so there's one more on the way!
Shiho: But you'll have to wait to see what Otori got you.
Ichika: Thanks! I can't wait...
Honami: I got you a Phenny charm.
Ichika: Wow, Phenny's playing the guitar...!
Honami: I had a feeling that you'd like it, Ichika. There's also something special about that charm...
Honami: We recommend attaching it to a certain pouch. Right, Miku?
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Thank you for that pass, Honami. So, here are the mini pouches that we made for you.
Ichika: Wait, you made these?
Miku (Ln): We made them together after Honami taught us how. She even brought us to a fabric store so we could pick out fabrics and stuff.
Miku (Ln): And here's a little something extra... It's a lucky charm. I hope you'll accept it.
Ichika: A lucky charm?
Len (Ln): We were originally planning on just making pouches, but Miku decided to use the remaining fabric to make a lucky charm.
Luka (Ln): We each did one stitch in turn, putting in our hopes that you'll keep on succeeding.
Ichika: Really...?! These pouches and this charm are so wonderful... I don't know what to say.
Ichika: Also, I just noticed how there are little shooting stars embroidered on these. They looked blank at first glance.
Rin (Ln): Oh, you noticed! We worked really hard on those☆
Ichika: Thanks...! I promise to treasure these, you guys.
Miku (Ln): We're glad you like them so much.
Saki: Alright, that's it for birthday presents! But the night is still young♪
Rin (Ln): So, let's start the second half! Are you all ready?!
Everyone: Y-Yeah! Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Ichika's birthday]

[School SEKAI]

Rin (Ln): It's the earliest celebration of Ichi's birthday! And the second half is a sleepover☆
Saki: Woohoo! We're gonna have so much fun tonight♪
Len (Ln): I'm sure you know, but don't overdo it, okay?
Ichika: *Nod* But still...
Miku (Ln): Is something wrong, Ichika?
Ichika: I felt this when we slept over in SEKAI that other time, but it's kind of exciting to be at school late at night.
Shiho: Yeah, I kinda know what you mean. It's not usually allowed, after all.
Honami: It feels sort of special somehow.
Saki: Not only that, today's the day that we're gonna do all the things that you want to, Ichi♪
Saki: So, keep them coming! Don't hesitate to tell us!
Ichika: Okay, then, here goes. I want to...
Ichika: Watch a Miku concert with all of you!
Miku (Ln): Huh? One of my concerts? Together...?
Ichika: Yes, I brought over my favorite DVD, and I was hoping that we could all watch it together...
Ichika: W-Would that be okay?
Miku (Ln): Of course it's okay.
Luka (Ln): Yes, Ichika, we shouldn't have expected anything less from you.
Len (Ln): Then, let's get everything set up.
(Black cut)
MEIKO (Ln): Ichika seems all wound up and ready to go.
Shiho: Yes, she does. She's holding the plushies Saki and I gave her and fidgeting in her seat.
Ichika: Why are you two staring at me like that? Is something wrong?
MEIKO & Shiho: Nothing's wrong. Nothing.
(Black cut)
KAITO (Ln): Wow, it's just the first song, but everybody's already so energized.
Ichika: That's the thing! The band arrangement for this song is particularly striking.
Ichika: Miku's outfit is really cool too, and her dancing is really sharp... Oh, like that part just now!
Len (Ln): Yeah, you're right. That was pretty cool!
(Black cut)
Shiho: Oh, I know this song. It feels like it's meant to be performed live.
Rin (Ln): Wow! The crowd's all singing along! That looks like so much fun☆
Miku (Ln): Ichika...? You seem anxious. Do you want to sing with her?
Ichika: Oh, umm... Yes. I can sing as loudly as I want here...
Honami: In that case, why don't we all sing along?
Ichika: ...! Thanks!
MEIKO (Ln): Then, how about we join in during the next chorus? Ready? Here it comes!
(Black cut)
Rin (Ln): Wow, that was so much fun!
Luka (Ln): Yes, it was. I can see why you like this DVD so much, Ichika.
Saki: Yeah! The set list had such a perfect flow to it that I started tearing up while watching!
Shiho: So did a lot of people in the crowd. And so did Ichika, halfway through.
Ichika: That last song always gets me...
Miku (Ln): I was also really moved.
Shiho: This concert was really good, so I kinda want to see some other ones too. You still have more, right, Ichika?
Ichika: Yeah! Let's see... This one's pretty old, but...
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

KAITO (Ln): I'm starting to get sleepy...
Len (Ln): Me too... I think we'll hit the hay.
Luka (Ln): Okay, good night. The girls are safe in our hands.
Ichika: Yawn...
Luka (Ln): Hehe. You and the others also seem very sleepy, Ichika.
Ichika: Yeah, I'm having trouble keeping my eyes open...
Saki: Me too... Down I go...
Honami: W-Wait, Saki, you're really heavy...
Shiho: ...
Miku (Ln): Shiho's already half-asleep.
Ichika: (But watching those Miku concerts, singing and doing cheers together was really fun.)
Luka (Ln): Why don't we call it a night and go to bed?
Ichika: Okay...
MEIKO (Ln): We'll wake you up later, so there's no need to worry about that.
Ichika: Really...? Thank you...
Ichika: (I have to thank everyone again later for throwing such a fun birthday party for me...)
Ichika: (And staying up so late with me like this.)
Luka (Ln): Anyway, everyone, good night.
Ichika: (It's nice to start off another year of life with a birthday like this...)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000480/bg_s000480.webp)
Kanade: Happy birthday, Hoshino. I messaged you pretty late last night, so I was surprised when you replied right away.
Kanade: I heard that you all had a sleepover and watched Miku concerts together. I have to think that watching them with you must've been really fun.
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Hoshino. I wish I'd sent you a message too, since I was actually awake at the time.
Ena: Happy birthday, Ichika! I heard that you didn't get much sleep last night. Make sure to get plenty of rest tonight, okay? And don't push yourself too hard.
Kohane: Happy birthday, Ichika! I'm glad to hear that the sleepover you had last night ended up being really fun! I'd love to hear your recommendations for Miku concerts sometime!
Emu: The Miku plushie I picked is so wonderhoy! It's Miku in a hero-style outfit making a fashionably late entrance! She'll always be on your side no matter what happens, Ichika☆
Airi: Happy birthday, Ichika! Wait, you look really sleepy. Your eyes are barely open...
Shizuku: Oh, Shii, her and the others apparently had a birthday sleepover last night. It sounded like they stayed up very late, so I think that explains that.
Haruka: Well now, that sounds like a lot of fun. It really feels like youth too.
Minori: Oh, in that case, why don't we as MORE MORE JUMP! give her a boost of energy by celebrating?!
Haruka: Let's give it a go. We'll have to really put our hearts into it since she's on the other side of the screen. Ready? Ichika!
Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Nene: Happy birthday, Hoshino. Did you and the others... Whoa!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Ichika!!! Happy birthday!!! I, Tsukasa Tenma, shall take the lead in ensuring that this upcoming year goes splendidlyー Wait, Nene, don't run off with the camera! Come back here!
Nene: Huff... Huff... Talk about being obnoxious... Anyway, happy birthday. I hope your music reaches the hearts of lots and lots of people, Hoshino.
Saki: Yawn... Wow, that sleepover was so much fun! I had a blast watching all those Miku concerts with you guys.
Honami: Me too. I actually began tearing up a little since Miku was the one who brought us all back together...
Shiho: You, Saki and Ichika were all crying during that last concert. To be fair, it hit me pretty hard too, with everything to think about...
Shiho: We need to keep striving towards producing music like that, the kind that really leaves an impression on people. Again, Ichika, happy birthday.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: Thanks for all the birthday wishes, everyone!
Ichika: Staying up late in SEKAI was so much fun. And spending time with all of my favorite people made it a wonderful memory.
Ichika: You can make a precious memory with Miku by watching one of her concerts by yourself, or make a special memory with someone else by watching it with them. Being able to connect with others through music is just so nice...
Ichika: We promise to keep doing our best so that we're able to produce that kind of music for everyone.
Ichika: Thank you all for always being so great. And we look forward to your continued support.
(Black cut)
