61_Rui Kamishiro_R1 Carefree Prodigy

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B]

Rui: (Hm... I may not be able to do all the lighting effects I want with the number of illuminations on Wonder Stage...)
Rui: (The lighting effects that can be done on an outdoor stage like that are quite limited to begin with. And I have to try to match them to Tsukasa's image as well...)
Classmate A: (Kamishiro never takes notes in class. He's usually doodling or writing some kind of formula instead...)
Rui: (I know. We just have to figure out the optimal amount of light needed according to the weather that day. I'll get Tsukasa to help me with the calculations later...)
Classmate A: (Whoa. He just broke into a smile over nothing. He's as crazy as the rumors say...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: Let's see... Is Tsukasa in his classroom?
Tsukasa: Oh, Rui! Just the person I was looking for! I need to talk to you about something.
Rui: So do I, but let's hear what you have to say first. Go ahead.
Tsukasa: Hehehe... Look at this! It's a flyer publicizing our show!
Rui: Wow, when did you come up with that?
Tsukasa: A future star must always look ahead! What do you think? Not bad for something hand drawn, eh?
Rui: Yes, it's quite well done, actually. You're surprisingly good at this.
Tsukasa: Why is it surprising?
Tsukasa: Anyway, I need you to help me fold them all.
Rui: Yes, that would make them easier to distribute. But since you're asking for help, there must be quite a lot of flyers to fold, then?
Tsukasa: Yes. That whole stack over there. Right there!
Rui: Right... That's a lot of flyers. There must be hundreds.
Tsukasa: Come on, this should be quick and easy with two of us!
Rui: No thanks.
Tsukasa: Huh?
Rui: I refuse to do something so inefficient. We can't finish folding so many flyers before school ends. This is just going to be a giant waste of time.
Tsukasa: Wh-What are you saying?! These flyers will help to publicize our show! And you're calling them a waste of time?
Rui: Well, let me finish. The thing is, we don't have to do it ourselves, right?
Tsukasa: What do you mean?
Rui: Exactly what I just said. Well then, I'll see you again at the next break time, Tsukasa!
Rui: (We can talk about what I want later.)
Tsukasa: ???
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Rui: Hey, thanks for waiting. Here's what you need.
Tsukasa: Oh, Rui! Wait, what's that little printer-like device for?
Rui: A flyer folding machine I made from the robots I had on hand and equipment borrowed from the school's garbage pile.
Rui: Put the machine on the desk and secure this arm to the desk edge. The arm will serve as the tray for folded flyers.
Tsukasa: Uh huh...
Rui: It uses the robot's battery so you don't have to plug it in. Then, feed the flyer into the insertion part and...
Tsukasa: Whoa! The paper got sucked inside! Wow... And it came back out folded in half!
Tsukasa: The folded paper landed perfectly inside the arm! No need to worry about them scattering everywhere like that!
Rui: Exactly. Basically, all you have to do is feed the paper into the machine. Easy, right?
Tsukasa: Yes. Indeed!
Rui: Hehe, it's just a simplified version of the folding machines available on the market, but the functionality is there. Only for folding flyers, though.
Tsukasa: Not bad at all, Rui! You made this during class just now?
Rui: That's right. And I finished it sooner than expected, so I input a paper airplane folding function into the robot's AI as well.
Tsukasa: O-Okay. Not sure what that means, but it sounds awesome!
Rui: Hehehe. Keep the machine going throughout your classes and the flyers should be all folded by the time school's over.
Tsukasa: Got it! Thanks, Rui!
Rui: No, thank you for providing a place for the machine!
Tsukasa: Huh? You're welcome?
Rui: Hehehe...
Tsukasa: He usually gives me a hard time because of his strange ideas, but he can be quite helpful when needed, huh?
Tsukasa: Now, I just have to feed the flyers into the machine and...
Tsukasa: Hm? Wait a minute. Did he just say I needed to keep the machine going throughout my classes?
Tsukasa: He wants me to keep folding the flyers at my seat?!
Tsukasa: Ah! That's what he meant by providing a place... C-Curses!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Rui! You little... I can't take my classes like this!
Rui: Hehehe...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama High School - Courtyard]

Rui: Oh dear, over here too? I almost missed that one.
Tsukasa: Hm? What's Rui doing at the flowerbed...gasp!
Tsukasa: Is he already making preparations for another frightful piece of stage direction that he recently dreamed up?!
Tsukasa: Hey, Rui! What crazy scheme are you up to this time?!
Rui: What is it? Why the terrified look? I'm just pulling weeds, you know?
Tsukasa: S-Say what? So, you're trying to do something with weeds?
Rui: I'm not doing anything with them. The poor flowers won't get any sun if I don't pull out the weeds, that's all.
Tsukasa: What the?! The person who tries to light me on fire or blast me into orbit is feeling sorry for flowers?
Tsukasa: You can't possibly be so humane!
Rui: That's a lot of ruckus about me just pulling weeds.
Tsukasa: Aha! A fever! You must be having an incredibly high fever, right?!
Rui: I'm not. I'm only doing what's expected of me.
Tsukasa: Ex-Expected?! You being nice to flowers is expected?!
Rui: I'm in the greening committee, you know. Wouldn't you expect the greening committee to care for flowers?
Tsukasa: Would you expect someone who uses class time to make strange robots to take his committee duties so seriously?
Tsukasa: In fact, it'd make more sense if you'd used one of your strange machines to do the job for you, right?!
Rui: Yes, that would probably be more efficient. However, you need some delicacy and finesse for this, or you may end up hurting the flowers instead.
Tsukasa: You're worried about hurting the flowers?!
Rui: Don't you ever get tired of overreacting?
Tsukasa: I'm not acting surprised for fun!
Tsukasa: No, I still can't believe you're just trying to do committee work. You must be plotting something devious...
Rui: Sigh... Ah, by the way, Tsukasa, you're afraid of bugs, right?
Tsukasa: Eek! Wh-What do you mean? There's nothing in this world I'm afraid of—
Rui: Here!
Tsukasa: GYAAAH!
Rui: It's just a caterpillar, you don't have to be so... Ah.
Tsukasa: Urk!
Rui: Wow. That was quite a neat tumble.
Tsukasa: ... *twitch*
Rui: Sorry I had knock you off your feet like that. You really should be watching where you go. You almost stepped on that flower, you know.
Rui: Now then... I guess you must have fallen out when they were sowing the seeds. Don't grow here all by yourself. Come here instead.
Rui: This should be a good place.
Tsukasa: Ugh. I was wondering why the sudden attack... You did it for that flower, huh?
Rui: I can't possibly watch you stamp on the flower before my very eyes now, can I?
Tsukasa: I see... I had no idea you were such a big lover of flowers. I apologize for not believing you.
Rui: I'm not bothered by that. And I wouldn't call myself a lover of flowers, really. More like...
Tsukasa: Ahh?! Look at what you've done to my uniform! I need to clean off all this mud quickly!
Rui: Oh... There he goes.
Rui: Looks like Tsukasa hasn't realized just how wonderful all of you are, yet.
Rui: How you're able to bring a smile to someone's face by just blooming beautifully right there.
Rui: Alright, that's the end of my work on your stage.
Rui: Don't stop performing your lovely shows for us here.
(Black cut)
