62_Rui Kamishiro_R2 Wonderlands×Showtime

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Rui: (There's nothing else to do here. I'll just go home.)
Rui: (Hmm? Is that Nene singing?)
Nene: ――♪
Robo-Nene: ...
Rui: (She's practicing in front of Robo-Nene?)
Rui: (I'm glad that she's now comfortable performing on stage in person but...)
Rui: (She always brings Robo-Nene with her, both to our rehearsals and shows. It seems she needs her for reassurance.)
Nene: Phew...
Nene: I hope you enjoyed my song!
Robo-Nene: ...
Nene: I'm no longer afraid of performing on stage, but that's only thanks to you, Robo-Nene.
Nene: Without you next to me, I lose confidence again...
Rui: (Just as I thought...)
Rui: (I can't leave it like this.)
Rui: Hmm, this explains a lot.
Rui: So that's why you kept bringing Robo-Nene here, even though she's already served her original purpose.
Nene: Eek!
Nene: I... I thought you'd gone home...
Rui: Hehe, I do apologize for eavesdropping.
Rui: I'm pleased you've been taking such good care of Robo-Nene.
Nene: ...
Rui: She's already accomplished the mission I had set out for her when I built her...
Rui: But it seems it's too early to retire her. She's still needed.
Nene: So?
Rui: I have a proposition. You would have to let me take her from you for a short while, though. Is that okay?
Nene: What are you planning to do? Are you going to modify her?
Rui: Not quite.
Rui: I'm just going to tweak her a little so that she'll serve you better... Serve us all better, as a member of our troupe and a wonderful addition to our shows.
Nene: You mean... You'll make it so that she can perform together with us?
Rui: If that is what you want. Is it?
Nene: Yes...
Rui: Then I'll happily take care of her for you.
Rui: How do you envision her role in our shows?
Nene: ...
Nene: I'd like her to be able to do all sorts of different things together with us.
Nene: And have her perform without me having to remotely control her every action.
Rui: In that case... I'll have to make her partly autonomous.
Rui: I'll install an AI. She'll be able to talk a little.
Rui: She would of course need facial and voice recognition software as well. Hmm, I'll have to expand her memory.
Rui: It seems I've got my work cut out for me!
Nene: You look happy.
Rui: I am. I have all these exciting ideas hatching in my head.
Rui: I can't wait to test them out... Hehehe...
Nene: You're not going to make her into a giant robot, or give her transformation abilities, are you?
Rui: Wait and you'll see.
Nene: But remember I won't like it if you add any weird functions to her.
Rui: Heh, I won't. All new features will be designed specifically to make you and our audience happy!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

(Black cut)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: What's keeping Rui?
Tsukasa: He said he'd be gone just a moment, but we've been waiting here for ages!
Nene: Calm down, he's only been gone for three minutes. Even dogs have more patience.
Tsukasa: Are you saying I'm worse than a dog?!
Rui: Apologies for the wait.
Tsukasa: Rui, it's not right to call people over just to make them wait...
Tsukasa: What's that?
Emu: Eek, a spooky ghost in a red cape!
Rui: Hehe. I think this may put you in a better mood, Tsukasa.
Nene: Let me guess. You finished upgrading Robo-Nene?
Rui: Bingo. Would you like to see her?
Emu: Yesss! Show us, show us!
Nene: I want to see her too.
Tsukasa: Hmph, let's see if it can impress me!
Rui: In that case, I'd like a drum roll first.
Tsukasa: You want what?
Rui: A drum roll. You know, to set the mood. I'm about to reveal my newest creation after all.
Emu: Ba-dum! Ba-ba-ba-boom-boom-baaah♪
Tsukasa: Are just you going to beatbox it?! Anyway, it didn't sound like a drum roll at all!
Tsukasa: Looks like I have to show you how to do it. Are you ready? Dum-dum-dum! Is anyone going to join in, or what?!
Emu: Got it! Ba-ba-ba-boom♪
Nene: Sigh... Ba-ba-ba-dum-tsss...
Rui: Well then! Feast your eyes!
Robo-Nene: ...
Emu: Oooh!
Tsukasa: Oooh... Huh?
Nene: It looks the same as before...
Rui: Hehehe. Don't judge the book by its cover. Nene, come stand in front of Robo-Nene.
Nene: Okay...
Robo-Nene: Hail thee, Miss Nene!
Nene: Oh!
Tsukasa: She... She can speak?!
Robo-Nene: Miss Nene, I bring you an offering of grapefruit juice.
Nene: She produced a can of grapefruit juice from a hidden compartment inside her arm? It's even chilled.
Emu: Wooow!
Rui: I've installed an AI and a facial recognition system. Besides us, she can also remember audience members.
Rui: In addition to that, I equipped her with a few new features which should be a great hit with children.
Tsukasa: What features are those?
Rui: Let's have a demonstration. Tsukasa, could you stand over there?
Tsukasa: Is here okay?
Rui: Yes, that's perfect. Wait there while we back off a little.
Tsukasa: Hold on, why are you backing off?! Is this going to be dangerous? Am I at risk here?!
Rui: Robo-Nene, fire!
Robo-Nene: Initiating Rocket Punch... Fire!
(White cut)
Tsukasa: Aaargh! Huh...? It stopped an inch from my face?
Rui: As you can see, there's a built-in safety feature preventing the rocket from hitting anything, but you should never aim it at people, just as an extra precaution.
Tsukasa: Hey, do I not count as people?!
Rui: This was an example illustrating what you should not do under any circumstances.
Rui: Thank you for your cooperation, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: You're welco—no! Don't mess with me, Rui. I didn't know what I was signing up for!
Rui: By the way, there's more to Robo-Nene's new move.
Tsukasa: Don't pretend you didn't hear me...
Rui: I'm sure you're going to be blown away by this nifty little trick, Robo-Nene!
Emu: Wooow! Robo-Nene's fist exploded!
Tsukasa: A hidden party popper? It spooked the pigeons!
Tsukasa: That was actually fun! Kids are going to love it!
Rui: (Hehe, he forgot all about being upset.)
Rui: Nene, penny for your thoughts. Do you like your robot's upgrades?
Robo-Nene: Miss Nene, how do you evaluate me?
Nene: ...
Nene: Can you change it so that she calls me just Nene?
Rui: Hehe, sure. I take it that all the other features have earned your approval.
(Black cut)
