63_Rui Kamishiro_R3 Evasive Entertainer

Gacha phrase: I'll continue this show another time!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Nene, Rui, Robo-Nene! Thank you for joining our troupe☆
Tsukasa: Let's make every show of ours a fantastic one together!
Rui: Yes, that would be nice.
Robo-Nene: Hello.
Tsukasa: Well then, without further ado, let's discuss what sort of production we should be doing for our next per—
Mascot: Before that, I have something to pass to Rui and Nene.
Rui: Oh, is that...
Mascot: Yes, this is a staff entry permit.
Rui: We only accepted the job yesterday. I didn't think we would be able to get our permits so quickly.
Rui: (Looks like Mr. Mascot is very competent at his job. He doesn't make any unnecessary movements, too.)
Rui: (I'm guessing he must be Emu's bodyguard?)
Rui: Thank you for the quick work. This will be very helpful. I'll be sure to use it gratefully.
Mascot: ...
Rui: Hm? Is there something else?
Mascot: Yes. Before allowing you to use the permit, I would need you to agree to our condition first.
Mascot: We want you to tell us the route of entry you always took to sneak into the park.
Rui: That's all?
Mascot: How do you mean?
Rui: I sneaked into the park and performed here without any sort of permission, right?
Rui: You may view me as part of the cast now, but I just can't believe that you wouldn't at least berate me a little for what I did.
Mascot: I see what you mean now...
Mascot: Please rest assured that as long as you reveal your route of entry to us, there will be no further repercussions.
Rui: Oh?
Mascot: It is because Miss Emu needs you for her stage.
Rui: Needs me, huh...
Rui: (So they're really going to just let me off like that... It goes to show how much they treasure Emu.)
Rui: Very well. I'll tell you how I got in. I do need to show my appreciation for your generous acceptance, after all.
Emu: I'm going too! I wanna see what Rui's secret pathway looks like too♪
Robo-Nene: Then I'll join you... I don't want to be left alone here with this guy...
Tsukasa: S-Say what?!
Rui: Haha, she meant no offense. She's just shy around people she's not familiar with.
Tsukasa: Would a shy person even say such things?
Rui: Well then, how about all four of us go together? You should be able to handle that, right?
Robo-Nene: Yes... Thank you.
(Black cut)
Rui: Here you go. This was the bypath that I used.
Mascot: Right next to Wonder Stage... Talk about a blind spot.
Mascot: I must seal this place up for Miss Emu's safety. Excuse me.
Robo-Nene: He left...
Tsukasa: Alright, then! It's time for us to do what we actually came here for!
Tsukasa: Everyone, take a look at this!
Robo-Nene: A notebook?
Tsukasa: It contains the plan for our future shows!
Emu: Plan?! As in plan your finances, right?!
Robo-Nene: I don't think he meant that sort of plan...
Rui: Well, I can see you've given this quite a bit of thought.
Tsukasa: Hmph! I get work done, and quickly! That's why I'm me!
Robo-Nene: Hm... This is surprisingly deep planning coming from you.
Tsukasa: No need to mention you were surprised!
Tsukasa: To pull out all the stops for a successful show is what we all ought to be doing!
Rui: Yes... I agree.
Rui: Let's make this a great show together, Tsukasa.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Mascot: Our recent show was a great success.
Mascot: Many in the audience have said that they would like to watch it again.
Tsukasa: That's great. I'm glad to hear everyone enjoyed themselves.
Emu: Wonderhoy! Seeing everyone smile was the best part☆
Emu: I have an idea! Let's perform every day so that we can make even more people smile!
Rui: Every day...
Nene: I don't think that's possible...
Emu: What?! Why?! You don't want to perform anymore?
Nene: That's not why I said that...
Nene: It's just, we all have school, so it's not realistic for us to perform every day...
Emu: Oh...
Rui: Well, I was performing by myself every day before I joined this troupe, though.
Rui: Still, it won't be easy to get everyone to come here every day to perform together.
Tsukasa: If the quality of our performance drops as a result, that would do more harm than good as well.
Emu: I see... It's a shame we can't do it, but I understand.
Rui: Let's focus on doing weekend shows for now. It's easier to attract an audience during that time period anyway.
Rui: Besides, we're still in the midst of figuring out what we can do with the number of people we have.
Rui: So let's just experiment on different things for now.
Tsukasa: Experiment... You'd better not be having any funny ideas.
Rui: What sort of funny ideas are you thinking about?
Tsukasa: Simply put, human experimentation...
Nene: Putting aside whether you'll be experimented on...
Tsukasa: Don't brush it off just like that!
Nene: The thing is... If we're going to keep this stage going, we can't keep performing the same show all the time. What are we going to do about that?
Rui: I already have something in mind.
Rui: We'll continue on with Pegasus Odyssey as our regular show, while preparing for a new script and show in between.
Nene: Preparing for a new show while performing regularly means it'll be a while before we can finish the new one, right?
Rui: Yes, I've thought about that too. We won't change the main plot of our regular show, but we can add impromptu lines and rearrange some scenes.
Rui: This keeps the play fresh and will encourage the audience to come back repeatedly.
Tsukasa: Good point! Shows with slight scene variations between their matinee and night performances do exist, after all!
Rui: Hehe, I'm glad you're so quick on the uptake.
Tsukasa: Alright! We'll stick with that plan for now, then!
Rui: Okay. Now that we're agreed on the general direction to take for the near future, let's talk more about the specifics.
Tsukasa: Well then, why don't we decide on a practice schedule for our regular performances first?
Tsukasa: Refining our basic performance would make it easier for us to ad-lib or add impromptu actions, right?
Rui: That's true. When is everyone free?
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Now that our practice dates are settled, it's time for us to think about what to do for our next script!
Rui: Yes... Does anyone already have something in mind?
Emu: Me! Me! I want to do a soft and fluffy show next!
Tsukasa: That's a very abstract description, as usual...
Rui: Soft and fluffy... How about A Midsummer Night's Dream, then?
Tsukasa: That's a play by Shakespeare, right? Which part of that play is soft or fluffy, though?
Rui: Every character in that play is soft, remember? In the head.
Tsukasa: Hey now! I mean, you're not wrong, but...
Emu: What's the story about? Do you know, Nene?
Nene: Yes, but... We can't do that play with just four people.
Rui: Well, that's where our most capable scriptwriter and superstar comes in, right?
Tsukasa: You want me to adapt the play?!
Rui: I'm just itching to put my stage direction into good use. How should I depict that midsummer night?
Rui: Yes... Whose head shall I turn into a donkey's?
Tsukasa: When you're the one saying it, it's too real to be funny...
Emu: It sounds like so much fun! Let's do that! I wanna be the soft and fluffy character!
Tsukasa: You need to think before you speak!
Rui: (I don't know what kind of shows this troupe will become capable of performing as we go along, but...)
Rui: I hope our next performance will make everyone happy as well.
(Black cut)
