119_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Unexpected Happenings (event_3)

Gacha phrase: I'm not acting like myself?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[On a certain holiday]

[Rui's Room]

Rui: Now that we've concluded our Halloween show with great success, it's time to start thinking about the direction for the next show.
Rui: Though, that's actually more or less settled. I guess the main issue is the wire-flying part...
Rui: (We've been using it as a way to jump on the stage so far, but it may be interesting to add in some of those flying parts often seen at male idol shows.)
Rui: (It won't be free-form flying, but we can at least make it look like the character is flying out from the stage.)
Rui: (What I'm concerned about is how that will appear to the audience seated in different positions. I'll need to coordinate it with the lighting as well.)
Rui: (Of course, there's also the matter of safety.)
Rui: (The more wires we use or the more people on the fly system, the higher the risk of entanglement and accidents.)
Rui: (But it creates a greater impact when multiple people do it. A scene like that would be unforgettable.)
Rui: (For future applications, we should probably design the system to be able to accommodate multiple people.)
Rui: I'm going to need to do more tests and verifications. Which means my next step will be...
Nene: Rui... We're here.
Rui: Oh, right. Robo-Nene's due for maintenance today.
Rui: I'm sorry. I was so engrossed in thinking about the next stage production that I'd forgotten about it.
Nene: No problem. It wouldn't be the first time you've ever forgotten to eat or sleep because of that, anyway.
Rui: Hehe, you're absolutely right.
Rui: Well then, let me get started on the maintenance now.
Nene: Okay, thanks. Oh...
Nene: Rui, are these drawings on the table about the fly system we were talking about the other day?
Nene: We'll be incorporating that into the next show?
Rui: No, I haven't decided yet.
Rui: I've yet to come up with firm plans that will ensure a good balance of visual presentation, lighting, and safety.
Nene: Safety...
Nene: Are you still feeling bad about what happened? That Tsukasa got injured.
Rui: It would be a lie for me to say that it doesn't bother me anymore, but this is somewhat different.
Nene: How is it different?
Rui: What you're worried about is whether I'm being overly affected by it, right?
Nene: Well, yes...
Rui: Then you can rest assured. After all, thanks to you and Emu, I managed to talk things out with Tsukasa.
Rui: (It's just that, as a director, I should never take the actors on stage for granted.)
Rui: (Especially for someone like Tsukasa, who's willing to go along with anything I ask him to do.)
Nene: I see. So am I right to say you're just thinking ahead?
Rui: Of course you are.
Nene: I'm glad you're feeling yourself again, then.
(Black cut)
Rui: Alright. That's all for Robo-Nene's maintenance.
Nene: Thanks. Well, I should head home now.
Rui: Oh, just a minute, Nene.
Nene: What is it?
Rui: When I had that fight with Tsukasa, your suggestion to visit SEKAI really helped.
Rui: I definitely wouldn't have been able to resolve that problem on my own. So I appreciated that.
Nene: Well, KAITO was the one who gave you the advice you needed, though.
Rui: Heheh. Still, if you hadn't made the suggestion, I would still be stuck in a rut of worries by myself right now.
Rui: That's why I just wanted to say how grateful I am again.
Rui: Thank you, Nene.
Nene: Yeah. You're very welcome.
Nene: I'm looking forward to see how you'll direct the next show.
Rui: Yes. I promised Tsukasa and Emu too, after all. You can expect to see great things indeed.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Rui: Hey, Tsukasa. Are you done there?
Tsukasa: Yeah. I lined it up properly with center stage!
Rui: Thanks! Okay, this gives us the breadth of the stage.
Rui: We've also measured the depth and height. Now for the number of illuminations.
Mascot: If you don't mind, I have a simple stage layout plan here that may help.
Mascot: Old and malfunctioning lights have been marked with an X.
Rui: This...will be very helpful indeed. I do need all the information I can get on the facilities here for our next show, after all.
Rui: (Besides, there's a chance we may find some unused facilities, like the trap room we found during the Halloween show.)
Rui: Do you have any other concerns about the stage facilities yourself, Mr. Mascot?
Mascot: No, I don't believe there are any issues with the lighting. If I had to mention something, though, it would have to be the audience seats.
Tsukasa: Hm? Why are you concerned about the audience seats?
Mascot: They're in quite bad shape. We did some minor repairs previously, but not every issue has been addressed.
Nene: Oh, right. Some of them are wobbly and not comfortable to sit in. We should really do something about that.
Emu: Yeah, that's dangerous and needs to be fixed! Mascot, you have to help us!
Mascot: Yes, Miss Emu. It may take some time, but I will certainly make the necessary arrangements.
Emu: Yay! Thank you, Mr. Mascot!
Rui: Hehe, I'm glad we have such a competent mascot on board.
Rui: By the way, while we're fixing the seats, is it possible for us to tweak them a little as well?
Mascot: How do you mean?
Rui: I'm thinking of installing a compact device to each seat that allows for theatrical effects using water and wind.
Tsukasa: Water and wind effects? How does that work?
Rui: Maybe you can think of them as something like 4D effects.
Rui: The last time the seats were repaired, I know we were told it's not quite possible to make the seats move...
Rui: What about modifying the seats to be able to vibrate, blow gusts of wind, spray water, or emit odors?
Rui: If we can achieve that, it would completely differentiate us from the other stages here.
Emu: Ohh! That sounds fabulous!
Mascot: What size of device are we talking about here?
Rui: Small enough to fit under the audience seat. Grand-looking devices won't fit the theme of this stage, anyway, and it's easier to control a device that's simple and compact.
Mascot: I see... In that case, there's probably no need to notify headquarters about it.
Rui: You mean, there are cases where we may need to do that?
Rui: I don't remember notifying them about the pop-up device we installed for the previous show...
Mascot: That's because we settled that for you.
Rui: I see. You're really reliable.
Mascot: Speaking of which, we need to send them a report about the device's state of maintenance and functionality soon.
Rui: Oh, is that right? That's perfect, actually. I'll do the maintenance check right now.
Rui: Which means...you're up, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Huh?
(Black cut)
Rui: Tsukasa, is your safety harness properly attached?
Tsukasa: Y-Yes...but are you really sure this is going to be safe?
Rui: I've been maintaining it regularly, so I don't think there will be any major safety issues.
Rui: Besides, I've added a practice mat like you suggested, so it should be even safer now. In fact, let's go for the highest output setting.
Emu: Highest output? Why does that sound so cool?!
Nene: Really? As usual, I'm having a bad feeling about this.
Tsukasa: What a coincidence because so am I...
Rui: Well then, Tsukasa. Break through the laws of gravity and become the star you've always wanted to be!
Tsukasa: Wait a minute. You're not seriously going to launch me up that high...are you?
Rui: Five seconds to liftoff.
Emu: 4, 3, 2...
Rui: 1. Fire!
Tsukasa: GAAAAH?!
(White cut)
Emu: Wooow! Tsukasa's flying so high!
Nene: Whoa... That's so height. This isn't a pop-up device anymore. More like a catapult, if you ask me...
Rui: Hehe. Angle and height of flight are just as I've predicted. There's no wind to affect the trajectory either. Mascots, the mat, please.
Mascot: Already standing by.
Emu: Rui, Rui! I wanna go next! I wanna become a twinkle twinkle little star, too!
Mascot: N-No, please! Miss Emu, do not involve yourself with this.
Emu: Aww, why not?! It looks so fun and exciting!
Tsukasa: NAAAAARRRG...bugh!
Tsukasa: Wh-What in the... This mat is amazing! I didn't feel any pain at all even after falling from that height!
Tsukasa: Instead, when I landed, it almost felt as if I was being enveloped by a gentle embrace!
Tsukasa: Now I can literally be the brightest star in the sky!
Rui: Hehe. Looks like we even managed to accidentally test out the performance of the new mat as well.
Rui: Well now... I've collected plenty of useful data today thanks to everyone's help.
Rui: I think we may even be able to test out a few other things that we've been skipping over so far.
Tsukasa: Urgh, as exciting as you're making it sound, why can't I seem to suppress this sense of dread from welling up?
Rui: Well, just look forward expectantly to what I have in store. Hehehe...
(Black cut)
