147_Rui Kamishiro_R3 Sound Sleep (event_8)

Gacha phrase: The best show for everyone...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Scramble Crossing]

Nene: ...
Rui: ...
Rui: (Now, what should I do...?)
Rui: (I feel like the onus is on me to come up with a way to break this impasse, both as the show director and as Nene's friend...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Nene: But Seiryuin's singing is... Just so different. I can tell because I've spent so much time learning about songs from musicals.
Nene: I don't know how to put it in words, but she has a way of breathing life into each note. I don't know what I'm supposed to do about that...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Rui: (A way of breathing life into each note, huh...?)
Rui: (She does indeed have a strong and rich singing voice...)
Rui: (And yet, I don't think Nene's lacking at all in that respect.)
Nene: ...
Rui: (It may be that Nene just simply lacks confidence, not skill...)
Rui: (But this is a tough one... A person's impressions regarding something can't be changed too easily...)
Rui: (So how do I go about boosting Nene's confidence?)
Rui: (Or rather, stop her from thinking that she's missing something...?)
Rui: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rui's Room]

Rui: Now, what should I do...?
Rui: Where was I...? Ah, yes...
Rui: A person's impressions regarding something can't be changed too easily...
Rui: So she just needs something that can boost her confidence...
Rui: Hmm... Her memories, how she used to feel... Something immediately recognizable...
Rui: Oh, that's it! I think I found the solution!
Rui: That is a surefire way to convince her. It should still be with the old recordings...
Rui: Here it is. Let's see if it still plays...
Little Nene (Nene): ——♪　————♪
Rui: This is it. A video of Nene's very first musical performance...
Rui: She gave it to me as reference material, but I'm glad I kept it all these years.
Little Nene (Nene): ——♪　————♪
Rui: (She was playing a cheerful little girl in this one, but she genuinely sang from her heart.)
Rui: (You can hear her unbridled enjoyment of the show in her voice.)
Rui: (This performance secured her a lead role in her next show, but then she had that accident...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Nene: (I can't remember my next line! What should I do? What should I do!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (I only heard about it from someone else much later and still don't know any other details behind it...)
Rui: (But it might still be haunting Nene. Keeping her from unleashing her potential...)
Rui: (This may very well be the reason why she can't sing like she used to...)
Rui: ...
Rui: (But should I really be the one to tell her?)
Rui: (If I did, she'd finally be able to address it. But at the same time...)
Rui: Is telling her this really the right thing to do...?
Rui: ...
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_a000026/bg_a000026.webp)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsukasa: Is this honestly what you want from this show?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nene: But you feel that if things continue like this, we won't be able to put on a worthwhile show, right?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Rui: ...
Rui: You can't make great shows alone... And now I have my troupe.
Rui: (I'll tell Nene my thoughts tomorrow.)
Rui: (I believe that if we work together, we'll have a bright future in front of us.)
Rui: Hehe. Our Christmas show can use some more polishing too.
Rui: There's plenty of time until morning. Let's see how we can tweak it.
Rui: It has the be the ultimate show after all.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Rui: All of our Christmas show performances were a smash hit.
Rui: With that now behind us, we should start thinking of our next show.
Tsukasa: Right. The next show for the contest is important, but if we're to do it in parallel with our regular shows, we have to get a head start.
Emu: Oh, then our meeting today can be about strategizing!
Rui: Indeed. But I also have an announcement to make first.
Nene: An announcement?
Rui: Yes. We've taken part in two rounds of this contest, spanning the period from Halloween until Christmas...
Rui: Hehe. I've been keeping a close eye on our rivals throughout this time too.
Nene: Wait, how...?
Tsukasa: Good job, Rui! So you've got some intel for us?
Rui: Yes, I do. After seeing other contestants' performances, I've arrived upon what our two greatest strengths are.
Emu: Oh! Oh! And...?
Rui: The first one is the novelty Wonderlands×Showtime brings.
Nene: Novelty?
Rui: Have you seen what kinds of shows the other troupes in the park are doing?
Tsukasa: Well, some of them... The ones at the Hero Stage have been about superheroes who defend the park against villains by challenging them to games and stuff.
Emu: At the Mascot Stage, they've been doing stories about Phenny!
Rui: Exactly, so consider this. Have you ever seen a show that wasn't about superheroes at the Hero Stage?
Rui: Or a show that didn't feature mascots, like Phenny, at the Mascot Stage?
Tsukasa: No, of course not. They have to stick with their themes.
Rui: Yes. Most of the other Phoenix Wonderland troupes always do shows revolving around their respective themes.
Rui: As a result, the scope of their performances predictably becomes limited.
Rui: On the other hand, we're the newcomers. And we're not bound to any specific theme.
Nene: Ah, I see. No one expects us to do only certain shows, so we can switch between different genres as we like, right?
Rui: Yes, precisely! You see how this plays to our advantage.
Rui: Our second greatest strength is individuality as our troupe is full of distinctive personalities.
Nene: In other words... We're a bunch of weirdos.
Tsukasa: Wait... Why are you staring at me?
Nene: No reason...
Rui: Hehe. The other troupes have a singular, star performer, such as Sakurako from Phoenix Stage.
Rui: And naturally, their shows are all designed to have their respective stars be in the limelight.
Tsukasa: But theatrical shows are supposed to focus on the lead actor or actress, right?
Rui: Oh, of course. But in the case of our rivals, they always cast the same players as their leads.
Rui: On top of that, those roles are often very similar, or part of a series of shows where the leads are always playing the same characters.
Rui: In other words, there's no variety.
Emu: Wait... But don't we always have the same cast for every show?
Rui: Yes, but our roles are much more diverse.
Rui: Tsukasa sometimes plays two or even three different parts.
Rui: And each role is quite different from the other.
Rui: Let's also not forget that we had two leads in our Christmas show with Tsukasa and Nene.
Rui: I can easily see you in a lead role too, Emu, with your rich expressions and talent for acrobatics.
Rui: I believe any one of us from Wonderlands×Showtime has the potential to be a brilliant lead.
Tsukasa: I see. Us being such a motley crew does give us a sort of unique advantage.
Nene: We have the freedom to switch things up so that our plays never become stale, and we can tackle any genre.
Emu: Yeah! The Wonder Stage can be a window into unlimited fantastic worlds for everyone to enjoy!
Tsukasa: And that's precisely what we set out to do when we decided to become Wonderlands×Showtime...
Rui: Right. Staying true to that will definitely give us an edge in the contest too.
Tsukasa: Yeah. It's important to have a goal to stick to...!
Rui: So, that was a rather long preamble to my vision for our next show. I would like it to be based on these two strengths: novelty and personality.
Nene: Yeah. I agree.
Emu: Me too! Me too! Hehehe. I'm so excited about this♪
Tsukasa: Alright! Then let's come up with a story for our new show that takes our strengths into account!
Rui: Yes. Let's make our next show one for the ages. Together.
(Black cut)
