174_Rui Kamishiro_R2 Beastly Madness (event_13)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Emu: Alright, let's GO GO GO to the next area♪
Saki: Yeah!
Nene: Emu's having so much fun guiding them around.
Rui: She already seemed to know them and must have really wanted to show them this place.
Rui: But you're not having a bad time yourself, are you?
Nene: Well... I suppose not...
Tsukasa: Rui! Nene! Hurry up or you'll get left behind!
Nene: Alright, alright.
Rui: Hehe. We rarely get this sort of chance, so we should probably make the most of it.
Nene: Right...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Our next attraction is the Phoenix Coaster...!
Ichika: It's so tall... And it looks really fast...
Tsukasa: Indeed it does! The Go! Go! Phenny! coaster we rode earlier is very family-oriented, but this one is geared more towards thrill-seeking youngsters!
Tsukasa: Since its upgrade, it's become one of the biggest draws for this park!
Nene: Hang on, that's pretty much exactly what the pamphlet for this place said...
Tsukasa: Hnng...!
Rui: Allow me to elaborate further...
Rui: The lights on the coaster change with each season.
Rui: And since it's much taller than the Phenny coaster, the view from the top is supposed to be spectacular, especially at night.
Rui: The camera at the peak is set up so that it captures the best possible angle and background as well.
Rui: What's more, photos are taken not only from the front, but also from behind as you descend for a more dynamic image.
Ichika & Saki: Whoa!
Nene: That's how you do it.
Tsukasa: You... You know your stuff, Rui.
Rui: Each of this park's attractions has its own charm. I researched them all as references for later.
Shiho: I was wondering what Tsukasa's troupe would be like, but they all seem much more capable than I expected...
Saki: Yeah. Rui probably does a lot to keep Tsukasa's crazy ideas in check too.
Ichika: I see. Kamishiro must really understand him then...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Next is... Ah, of course! We should show you some interesting locations alongside the rides and attractions!
Emu: Oh, I've got this☆ Let me take over, Tsukasa!
Emu: If you stroll down to the right of this road, you'll find a quiet little path with a bench. It's a lovely spot to sit down and relax♪
Rui: Hehe... And let's not forget the Phenny monument that's cleverly placed at the beginning of the path.
Honami: Oh, so it's a spot for taking pictures but a little tucked away?
Rui: Yes, it's quite photogenic.
Rui: But the best part is how it makes for such great cover.
Ichika: Huh?
Rui: It's the perfect spot to hide from the park's security guards. They never look behind the monument.
Honami: Umm, so...?
Emu: Oh, right! It's because Rui kept getting in trouble with the guards for doing shows in the park without permission♪
Tsukasa: Oh yeah, he used to do that...
Tsukasa: Why'd you pick this theme park for that anyway, Rui?
Rui: Hehe. I was drawn here simply by how many visitors the park attracts.
Honami: Um... Emu and the others don't seem bothered by it, so maybe it's not as strange as it seems?
Ichika: Uhh, sure...?
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Alright! Next, we have a ride that takes you through a torrential downpour and gale-force winds!!
Rui: Hehe. That is a good one, and very realistic too.
Rui: Although, if you were to ask me, it lacks lightning bolts like the ones we featured in one of our shows.
Saki: L-Lightning...?
Nene: I remember that... I was SHOCKED that we actually did that.
Emu: It was sooo amazing! All ZINGY ZING and ZAP ZAP ZAP!
Tsukasa: Not only did it give me terrible frizz, some of my hair actually got singed...
Honami: Wait, this isn't a joke? It really happened?
Emu: Yup! Rui's really good at coming up with stage effects♪
Emu: And he makes cool stuff like Robo-Nene and other robots!
Ichika, Saki, Shiho, & Honami: R-Robots?!
Rui: Hehe. You'll see some at today's show. Maybe you can see them afterwards as well.
Honami: W-We'll be looking forward to it...!
Ichika: It sounds just... Unbelievable, you know?
Shiho: This is all just going way over my head...
Saki: Haha... Well, I guess in the end, he is someone that can actually make shows really happen with my brother.
Ichika: Right...  And maybe a little out of the ordinary in this case is just par for the course.
Honami: Hehe. They all look like they're having fun, so I guess that's what matters!
Saki: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Rin)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: Alright, let's give today's rehearsal everything we've got!
Emu: Yeah! Let's do our best, Nene!
Nene: Okay...
Nene: Sigh...
Rui: Why the heavy sigh? Did something happen?
Nene: Um... Well, it's about Hoshino...
Emu: Ichika? You're friends with her now too, right?
Nene: Yeah, I guess we are... But we didn't exchange contact info or anything...
Tsukasa: You didn't? You'll have to ask her next time you see her.
Tsukasa: Ichika's not exactly the most outgoing type either from what I remember.
Tsukasa: How terrible would it be if your budding friendship withered before ever having a chance to blossom!
Nene: Huh?
Emu: Nooo! You can't let that happen!
Emu: Nene! She goes to the same school as me! I can ask her about it tomorrow!
Nene: Wait... Emu, I...
Emu: Huh?
Nene: It's sort of my fault, so I don't want to ask someone else to make things right in my place.
Rui: She asked you to help her with her singing, no?
Rui: In which case, I'm sure she'll try to contact you at some point, so there's no need to get so anxious.
Nene: Y-Yeah... But...
Rin's Voice (Rin): Neneee!
Emu: Oh! Nene, it's Rin!
Nene: Uh... I'll be back in a bit.
Rui: ...
Rui: Tsukasa, Emu, can I ask you a favor?
Rui: About Nene... I was thinking we could help her a little.
Tsukasa: Help her how?
Rui: For example, by canceling tomorrow's rehearsal.
Rui: Fortunately, we have plenty of time to prepare for the next part of the contest, so skipping one rehearsal won't exactly be detrimental.
Tsukasa: Ah, okay. That's fine by me...
Tsukasa: But what if Nene doesn't take advantage of this opportunity to get her contact information?
Rui: That part will be up to her. Nonetheless, we can still do our part.
Emu: Really?!
Emu: Rui! Tsukasa! Let's do this! Operation Securing Nene & Ichika's Friendship!
Tsukasa: Wait, why me too?!
Rui: Hehe. Then let's begin by telling Nene that we can't make it to tomorrow's rehearsal.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school the next day]

[Miyamasuzaka]

Rui: Who'd have thought Rin would suggest to Nene that she should go ask Ichika for her number without us having to do anything.
Tsukasa: Yeah. She just parted the waters for her.
Tsukasa: But how do we make sure Nene goes through with obtaining Ichika's information?
Tsukasa: We won't see what's going on unless we get close, but if we do, she'll spot us right away and it'll be game over...
Rui: Hehe. Don't worry, I've thought of everything. First, we go towards that bush over there.
Tsukasa: Oh, okay.
Rui: Hm... This should be the right place...
???: Psst! Tsukasa! Rui! Over here...!
Tsukasa: Emu?! Why were you hiding in there?
Emu: This is a secret shortcut into the school's courtyard! I found it while exploring the grounds right after my first day!
Rui: This way, we get to walk right up to the gate without being seen.
Rui: Now, let's see if Nene can pull through for us.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - School Gate]

Tsukasa: Looks like it went well...
Rui: Indeed.
Rui: (Nicely done, Nene. I'm glad it worked out...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nene: ...
(Place: Miyamasuzaka)
Emu: Neneee!
Nene: E-Emu?! Wait, you guys are here too?! No, don't tell me you saw everything?!
(Black cut)
