182_Rui Kamishiro_R4 The Fire Within (event_15)

Gacha phrase: I'd rather you didn't insult my friends...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Nene: Emu really just left. I wonder if she's okay...
Tsukasa: With her gone, we can't actually do any talking.
Rui: Yes. I suppose we should call it a day as well then...
Rui: Oh, excuse me. I think I left something at the Wonder Stage...
Rui: Nene, would you mind going ahead without me?
Nene: Uh, sure...? I'll be fine by myself. Bye.
Rui: Yes, I'll see you tomorrow.
Rui: Now...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonder Stage]

Mascot: Hm...?
Rui: Ah, Mr. Mascot. What a coincidence.
Mascot: Why are you still here? I thought that you had all left by now.
Rui: I forgot something here is all. Would you mind helping me?
Mascot: If I may, what is it that you've forgotten?
Rui: Oh? I was under the impression that you were surveilling me.
Mascot: Unfortunately, here I am a mascot and not a person.
Rui: Indeed.
Rui: Nonetheless, there's no time to waste so I'll get right to it.
Rui: Do you know why Emu and her brothers were having such a fierce argument?
Rui: What is she hiding from us? Why won't she tell us anything?
Mascot: Ah, so you did lose quite a few things...
Rui: I did. However, they're very valuable to me, so I would very much like to find them... How about it?
Mascot: I cannot say.
Rui: Ah, but were you not there with her? You are her bodyguard after all...
Mascot: ...
Rui: Under normal circumstances, you wouldn't sit idly by if someone raised their voices at her in that manner.
Mascot: ...
Rui: Then how about this? Allow me to tell a little story...
Mascot: ...?
Rui: In truth, I am incredibly thankful for Emu.
Rui: Her determination to save the Wonder Stage and her will to not give up allowed me to meet the wonderful people I am with now.
Rui: And we're able to put on shows that deliver smiles to countless people.
Mascot: ...
Rui: I... No, we, as Wonderlands×Showtime, want to keep putting on the best shows possible, together.
Rui: Which is why if anything that would rob us of that opportunity were to arise, I will refuse to simply let it happen.
Rui: And I will not let my friends be openly insulted either. Even if it's Emu's family we're dealing with.
Mascot: ...
Rui: So I'll ask once more. What is going on with Emu?
Mascot: I cannot say...
Mascot: I am in no position to speak on Ms. Emu's behalf if she wishes to not speak about something herself.
Rui: I see...
Rui: Well, that may be so... And I apologize for prying.
Rui: Alas, as much information as I can obtain will also suffice. Would you at least be able to tell me something that does not necessarily go against what Emu believes?
Mascot: ...
Rui: Then that is all for me...
Mascot: Wait...
Rui: ...
Mascot: I... We, the mascots, are under the employ of Ms. Emu's father...
Mascot: So we are not in the position to support her ideas as such...
Rui: I see... You risk termination by biting the hand that feeds you, yes?
Mascot: Indeed. However, we also cannot leave her side at a time like this.
Mascot: We can at least say that we appreciate you supporting her fight against her brothers...
Rui: Oh, of course. She's a valued friend and troupe member.
Mascot: ...
Mascot: At the moment, I have no information to give you...
Mascot: But if the time comes when Emu does decide to open up to you...
Mascot: Then we will also vow to support her in her quest... Now, if you'll excuse me...
Rui: I see... So we'll need to talk to Emu first before anything else can happen?
Rui: (But based on the interaction I just had, this is hardly going to be easy...)
Rui: I'll have to discuss this with Tsukasa and Nene once more as well...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsukasa: So can you please tell us what took away that smile of yours?
Tsukasa: And let's try to figure something out together.
(White cut)
Emu: Everyone, thank you...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

[Wonder Stage]

Rui: (A few days have passed since then, but Emu's brothers are yet to make a clear move...)
Rui: (Nonetheless, we must remain on guard. We'll need to keep polishing our idea as well.)
(Black cut)
Emu: Wait, Tsukasa! Let's try to figure out what kind of butterfly this caterpillar will turn into!
Tsukasa: Eeeek...! Please, don't come near me!
(Black cut)
Nene: What the...?! No, don't come this way! I have nothing to do with this...!
Emu: Oh! You can help too, Nene♪ What kind of butterfly will it turn into?!
Nene & Tsukasa: Noooo!!
Rui: Hehe...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: *Huff*... *Sigh*... J-Just put it back where you found it...
Emu: Okay! Let's play again Mr. Caterpillar!
Tsukasa: W-We made it...
Nene: *Huff*... *Huff*... Rui, you could've helped us!
Rui: Oh, my apologies. You just seemed to be having so much fun.
Tsukasa: It looks like she's back to her usual self, but doesn't something still seem a little off...?
Tsukasa: I feel like she hasn't been adding Yahohoy! or Zoom! or any other nonsensical words to her sentences lately...
Nene: Wait, that's what you're worried about?
Rui: Ah, I see... Some time did pass before we heard her trademark Wonderhoy! again as well.
Tsukasa: Exactly. The last time she said that was... When we all put our hands together and shouted that on stage, right?
Nene: Now that you mention it, she always said stuff like that every day...
Rui: Yes... Well, this is just me speculating but...
Rui: She has a tendency to emote using her unique vocabulary when she feels absolutely compelled to do so...
Tsukasa: Hm? Wait, that means she...
Rui: Hasn't been able to feel that way lately. She may be choosing her words more carefully than normal.
Tsukasa: So she still has something bottled up inside her?
Nene: Maybe we should just let her be? I mean, we just sort of vowed to work together so...
Nene: But... If she really isn't able to genuinely enjoy anything, then we might need to intervene...
Rui: Hehe. Then why don't we put on a special show that'll make her smile no matter what as a present!
Rui: Together.
Tsukasa: Hm?
(Black cut)
Emu: Tsukasa! Nene! I said goodbye to Mr. Caterpillar... Huh?
Emu: Wait... We just cleaned up the stage, so why's there a pop-out up there now?
Nene: The inaugural... Don't Let the Demon Lord Escape Game Tournament!
Emu: Demon lord? Game?
Rui: This is a game that we've been planning for a while, but we thought that you should be the one to test it out, Emu.
Rui: In a nutshell... You, Emu, the hero will have to keep the evil Demon Lord Tsukasa, who's been cornered, from escaping your grasp.
Emu: Oh! That sounds fun♪ How do I stop him?
Rui: To do that, you'll need to use the ten Demon Lord buttons here.
Rui: Each will unleash a kind of magical trickery that will keep Tsukasa from escaping.
Rui: You win when he gives into these tricks.
Nene: But there are also buttons that can help the evil Demon Lord Tsukasa escape, so make sure not to press those.
Emu: Got it♪ Oh, but where's Tsukasa?
Rui: He's standing ready by that pop-out.
Emu: Okay! Oh, also. Nene! Rui! Are we gonna use this in a show too?
Rui: We'll have to make a few adjustments, but that would be nice.
Rui: And this is a valuable test for making that happen, so we'll be counting on you, Emu.
Emu: Yeah!!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Wait, Rui! About that magical trickery you were talking about... What exactly does that involve? Just no bug toys or anything falling on me, okay?
Rui: Hehehe. Using the same thing over and over again makes it stale. This just involves dumping water, pepper or flour on you, so I wouldn't worry.
Nene: Geez... No thanks...
Rui: Let's begin! Now, Emu, our hero...! Please choose a button from these ten to press!
Emu: Okay! Here we go♪
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Hm... Uhh?
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Hey, Rui...! A Styrofoam snow man just came down...!
Rui: Hehe. Depending on the button, many more will come crashing down, so I thought they should be nice to at least look at.
Rui: Ah, and the water will fall during the real thing in such a way that you won't get wet.
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): I see. In that case... Wait... During the real thing?
Emu: Hmm... Which one should I press♪
Nene: How about this, Emu? What do you want to see the most?
Emu: Well, water would make him cold, so that might be mean. But pepper might be fun☆ Sneezing all achoo, achoo♪
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): If you feel so bad for me, you can press the button that lets me go...
Emu: What?! Then the evil Demon Lord will escape...!
Emu: Oh! What's this one?! Go♪
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): No, wait! I forgot that the pop-out could start moving too. Before you press anything, give me a chance to get ready!
Emu: Okay, I'll do a countdown☆ Here we go, Tsukasa...!
Emu: 3, 2... Wonderhoy!
Nene: Oh... She said, Wonderhoy!
Rui: Hehehe. I didn't expect her to say that there but...
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Huh? Wait, this is... A-Achoo! Achoo! Aaachooo!
Emu: Whoa! Tsukasa can't stop sneezing!
Rui: Then it might be nice for him to rinse that off with some nice water, no?
Emu: Oh! You're right☆
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Achoo...! Huh? No! Press the escape button... Achoo!
Emu: Heehee♪ Which button makes the water go splash☆
(Black cut)
Nene: We may've gone a little overboard, but I think she's finally returning to her usual self...
Rui: Indeed. I think she'll be just fine now.
(Black cut)
