220_Rui Kamishiro_R3 Runaway Thought Process (event_22)

Gacha phrase: Now, which do I start with first...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Hiking Trail]

Rui: The park knows about the sign back there now, so all that's left to do is...
Nene: I think we're finally getting a break from the rain. We should probably head down before it starts up again. 
Rui: Yes, I agree.
Nene: But those two girls back there... I swear I've seen them before...
Rui: Which two girls?
Nene: Um...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: Oh! I remember now!
Nene: Airi Momoi and Shizuku Hinomori! They're both idols, right?
Rui: Idols?
Nene: Yeah, I've seen them on TV before.
Rui: Oh, are they famous?
Nene: I guess you wouldn't know, Rui. You've never been interested in music shows or celebrity news and stuff...
Rui: You have me there... Oh, would you look at that...!
Airi: Finally, found you! E-Excuse me!
Airi: Thank you for helping us out back there! You really saved us!
Rui: You came all this way to tell us that?
Shizuku: Yes. We wanted to thank you sooner, but were still pretty flustered about what just happened.
Ena: Thank you very much for what you did.
Nene: Oh, um... We just happened to be passing by and...
Airi: And that led to you saving us. We can't thank you enough!
Nene: Y-You're welcome...
Nene: (Th-They really are idols... It's like they actually have this sort of shine or sparkle to them...)
Rui: (But what about Mizuki...?)
Mizuki: ...
Rui: ...?
Rui: (After we saved everyone, Mizuki looked ecstatic...)
Rui: (But I sensed it before at school... Maybe something is wrong...)
Mizuki: ...
Rui: Oh...
Mizuki: We should get back soon. I think we've made the other people on this tour wait long enough already.
Rui: (That may've been a mistake...)
Rui: (Staring at Mizuki like that probably triggered a few alarm bells. I may not be able to ask what's the matter now...)
Airi: Alright, we'll be heading off now.
Mizuki: Bye bye♪ Later, Rui...!
Rui: Yes, I'll see you at school.
Rui: ...
Nene: Rui? Is something about Akiyama bothering you...?
Rui: Oh, no. It's nothing. Why do you ask?
Nene: Why? Because you had this really serious expression on your face just now.
Rui: ...
Rui: (Mizuki's smile just now... Maybe it wasn't an act. What if it was for me...?)
Rui: Look at us. You're worried about me while I'm worried about Mizuki.
Nene: You are? Is something wrong?
Rui: I'm not sure. That's partly what concerns me...
Nene: You've known Akiyama since junior high, right...?
Rui: Yes...
Nene: Are you sure you don't want to go and say something?
Rui: Yes, I'm sure. I'd be causing the rest of the group trouble, and I can just try asking about it at school.
Nene: Okay, if you say so...
Rui: I appreciate your concern, Nene.
Rui: Shall we head home now?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama High School - Rooftop]

Drone: *Whirr*...
Rui: Hmm... I'm not seeing any people on this screen...
Rui: Looks like I struck out again today. To be fair, Mizuki hardly ever comes to school to begin with...
Rui: But this may also work in my favor. It gives me time to work on that as well...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Alright, that should be enough for today!
Nene: Thanks.
Emu: Great work, everyone! Hehe☆ Another wonderhoy practice♪
Rui: Hehe. Yes, I agree.
Rui: By the way, Tsukasa... Would you mind staying back a little while longer?
Tsukasa: Hm? Sure, are you thinking about doing another test?
Nene: Wait... You're not making him test that power armor or whatever, are you?
Tsukasa: P-Power armor?! What's that?!
Rui: Hehehe. I'd like to tell you more, but it unfortunately still requires quite a bit of adjusting. I'll explain when it's ready to be brought here.
Rui: For now, I'd like you to try something else out, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: I am interested in this power armor of yours, but go right on ahead. I'm sure it has something to with our show, so I'll help in any way I can...!
Emu: Hey, this sounds fun♪ Let's watch to see what happens, Nene☆
Nene: Sure, why not? It's not like I have anything to do after this anyway.
Tsukasa: Alright, what do you need me to do?
Rui: I'd like to record your voice, Tsukasa. Just a series of short lines to start, if you don't mind.
Nene: Huh? Recordings of someone as obnoxious as him? What do you plan on using those for?
Tsukasa: What do you mean by obnoxious?!
Nene: See? Case and point...
Rui: I'll use them in a show of course. They'll serve as props.
Rui: I've even thought of several uses for them too. My favorite so far is emulating instant transmission...
Emu: Instant transmission?!
Tsukasa: Is that even possible on a stage like this?
Rui: Yes, I believe so. The first thing I'd like to try is something very simple and traditional.
Rui: We can place these away from the stage and play them to draw attention away from the stage. We can appear or disappear in that moment...
Nene: That just feels like a cheap trick, you know...?
Rui: Well, it'll also depend on exactly how we implement them.
Rui: For now, I'd like a few samples that I can use to test the acoustics around here and just simply hear how it sounds.
Tsukasa: I can do that. Just tell me what to say!
Rui: Thank you, Tsukasa.
Rui: Oh, there's something else I'd also like to do with this, so would you mind ad-libbing a few lines for me?
Rui: If possible, something that might make the person listening to this laugh. Would you mind?
Emu: You should say, Wonderhoy! Rui, can I see your script☆
Tsukasa: Wait, what?! Don't just add lines like that!
Nene: Also, what if he said some stuff he normally wouldn't? Something like, Razzle Dazzle Sunny Funny☆
Rui: Excellent! The more the merrier! We can include both of those!
Tsukasa: Have you not been listening to a word I've said...?!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: *Huff*... *Huff*... Okay, is that everything?
Rui: That should do it. Thank you very much, Tsukasa! You gave me a very...interesting sampling.
Rui: All that's left is to activate the randomizer function, and version 1.0 is complete...!
Nene: Huh? Already?!
Emu: Oh, this button looks really tempting too! Wait, is this...?
Emu: Is this that toy you talked about making back during the Doll Festival?! The one that speaks when you press its button?!
Rui: Yes, exactly! I'd already been thinking about how to make something like this when I last mentioned it!
Rui: We can start testing it right now. Emu, if you'll do the honors...!
Emu: Yeah♪ Here we go!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <Tenma, written as soaring pegasus!>
Nene: It sounds better than I expected.
Emu: I wanna hear some more♪ Bam bam bam!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): ＜His name is...!>
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <A hundred million light years more!>
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <Whaaat?!>
Nene & Rui: Hehe...!
Rui: The randomizer's working very well too.
Tsukasa: Uh, did you really have to program that in?
Rui: Of course. Just listen...
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <The one destined to become a star! His name is...!>
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <Razzle Dazzle Sunny Funny☆>
Emu: Hahaha! You're too funny, Tsukasa♪
Nene: E-Emu, stop... My sides... I'm laughing too hard...!
Tsukasa: So you really think this is going to be useful...?
Rui: Hehe. I believe that being able to relax and enjoy life like this is just as important as coming up with ideas for our shows.
Tsukasa: I suppose you're right...
Rui: As I mentioned before, I'd like to use this for something other than out shows as well. Would that be alright with you?
Rui: Like I said, I think being able to smile and laugh without a second thought is important sometimes.
Tsukasa: Does that mean there's someone you want to help cheer up?
Rui: Yes, there is... An old friend of mine...
Tsukasa: Ah, I see...
Tsukasa: In that case, go right on ahead!
Rui: You're sure?
Tsukasa: Now you're hesitating? Go! Help your friend out!
Tsukasa: However, I won't accept anything less than them bursting into tears laughing!
Rui: Yes, of course. Thank you, Tsukasa...
(Black cut)
