228_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Fantastic Planner (event_24)

Gacha phrase: I'll be making a few changes here!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Len)

[Wedding Ceremony Hall]

Rui: Okay, that should be it for our final checks...
Len: <Yay! I'm glad we made it in time for the actual wedding!>
Rui: All that's left for us is to wait for it to start.
Len: <Yeah! I hope everything goes well!>
Rui: Yes, so do I.
Rui: (The proposal scene and the dance after that should be all set to go too...)
Rui: (Everybody here wants our performance and this ceremony to succeed.)
Rui: (I'm sure it'll go well...)
Rui: (No, I need to keep doing what I can to guarantee success. One last check...)
Len: <...?>
Len: <Um, Rui...?>
Rui: Hm? Yes?
Len: <Uh... Are you getting nervous, maybe?>
Rui: Me? Nervous?
Rui: ...
Rui: Yes, I see. I may be getting a little nervous...
Rui: It's been quite a while since I last did a show with people outside of Wonderlands×Showtime.
Rui: (Maybe not since that one time...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
???: What the... I'm not doing something that dumb. Don't you have any better ideas?
(White cut)
???: Are you having a laugh trying to get us hurt?
(White cut)
???: I've had enough of you and your stupid shows.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: I was under the impression that nobody else would understand what I was hoping to achieve and had to do it all myself...
Rui: At least, that was what I thought back then.
Len: <Rui...>
Rui: But I have Tsukasa and the others now.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: They're willing to go along with my ideas as long as we can make our audiences smile and laugh.
Rui: That's why I've been able to put on the shows that I've been truly wanting to. It's all thanks to them.
Rui: But when I'm working with complete strangers...
Len: <You were worried about what would happen. You weren't sure if they would accept your ideas...>
Rui: Yes. That may've caused me to hesitate somewhat.
Rui: However, I wasn't the only one doing something they're not used to doing.
Rui: In particular, Aoyagi, since he said it was the first time he's had to sing while acting at the same time.
Rui: He definitely seemed like more of the quiet type and not one to talk to people he doesn't really know.
Rui: Yet he was willing to talk to me and the other objectors for the sake of this ceremony.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya: Someone in my family thinks in sort of the same way.
(White cut)
Toya: I didn't understand what he was doing at first. It puzzled me how he could torment a family member over such a thing.
Toya: But now I understand a little.
(White cut)
Toya: I believe that Akito decided to help us because he came to an understanding that your way would work in this case.
Toya: There are certain things that we aren't willing to compromise on as well...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: He likely felt some weight in terms of having to replace Tsukasa...
Rui: But his modesty and hard-working honesty have been invaluable.
Rui: I'm glad he's here today.
Rui: We should head back now. We'll need to keep making sure everything is ready as time permits.
Len: <Hey, Rui, wait...! Look, it's them.>
Rui: Hm...?
Akito: Honestly, I just can't figure out what Kamishiro's thinking...
Rui: ...
Akito: But I do know that he's serious about making all these people happy with his show.
Rui: ...!
Akito: I feel like I'm being played by him...
Akito: But I said I'll help, so I'm giving it everything I've got. No ifs, ands or buts...
Rui: ...
Len: <That's great, Rui!>
Rui: Yes, thank you.
Rui: (I'm glad they're both here today.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Hey! I'm here!
Tsukasa: Alright, that makes everyone. Let's get started with practice.
Emu: Wait, there's a video I want to show you guys first! One of my friends from class told me about it...!
Rui: Oh, is that...?
Tsukasa: That's... That's... Nooo! That's the show I was supposed to be a part of!
Nene: Keep it down...
Emu: Oh, yeah. You were supposed to be an extra for a wedding, right, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: I was, but something unfortunate happened. I had a friend of mine go in my place...
Nene: Something unfortunate?
Rui: He had food poisoning, so Aoyagi ended up taking his place.
Nene: Wait, Aoyagi as in the one from my class...?
Rui: Shinonome came to help as well. Even one of the hall monitors joined in at the last minute.
Emu: Oh, maybe they're in the video too! What do they look like?
Nene: Lemme see... No, I don't think they're in this shot.
Emu: That's too bad... But I didn't know that they were your friends, Nene!
Nene: Friends? I mean, we've talked a little before...
Tsukasa: I already thanked them when we were at school, but I still need to pay them back someday!
Nene: Oh, but you've known Aoyagi for a while now, right, Tsukasa?
Rui: Aoyagi seems to be one of Tsukasa's biggest fans. It's curious how he ended up having to take his place for this.
Rui: He did very well for himself too. His hard-working attitude was a real lifesaver.
Nene: A lifesaver? What do you mean?
Rui: Tsukasa actually asked me to go check on him and the overall situation.
Rui: I remember from the night festival that he was quite the singer, but then I learned that he didn't have any acting experience.
Rui: More things came up after that and I ended up having to direct the whole performance...
Nene: What?! You're saying that you did all this?!
Rui: Yes. Well, the groundwork was already laid out. All I did was make a few adjustments.
Emu: I didn't know that! Did you come up with the bang-zoom-boom part in the end too, Rui?
Rui: Correct! Well done, Emu!
Emu: Yay☆ I got it right♪
Nene: Hold on... They were okay with all of that?
Rui: As you can see, everything was a big success. I could not ask for a happier crowd...
Nene: Yeah, I got that much, but that's not what I'm talking about...
Nene: What I mean is, Rui...
Nene: You haven't done anything like this with other people in a really long time, right...?
Rui: ...
Rui: I appreciate your concern.
Rui: I know full well that not all of my ideas will pan out. I understand that they're not for everyone and some even openly disagreed with me.
Rui: However...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: I still don't like the way you do things, Kamishiro...
Akito: But I know that feeling of wanting to make something happen no matter what.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: When everyone realized that we were doing it all for the bride and the groom, they became much more understanding and gave it their best.
Rui: I learned that it's important to have a common goal to work towards despite any differences we may have.
Nene: Okay...
Nene: Then good for you, Rui.
Rui: Thank you.
Rui: Nonetheless, I still have much to learn, and my mistakes from then will surely help us later on.
Tsukasa: Heh. Don't get so down now.
Tsukasa: We're Wonderlands×Showtime! We're the ones that give your shows 20,000%!
Rui: Oh, another unprovable claim? That value's grown since last time as well, no?
Tsukasa: That's because we have Emu and Nene now! Of course it's gone up!
Rui: Hehe. Yes, I see.
Emu: Rui, just tell us what you want us to do and we'll do it☆
Nene: I don't have superpowers like these two, so don't forget to go easy on me, okay?
Rui: I will. Thank you, everyone.
Rui: (I couldn't ask for more...)
Rui: (I have to keep doing everything I can as a director too.)
(Black cut)
