270_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Backstage Alchemist (event_32)

Gacha phrase: Leave that to me, Nene.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Okay, let's go over what was have so far.
Tsukasa: For our first assignment as ambassadors, we'll be performing a show on the seaside stage owned by this hotel affiliate.
Tsukasa: And our show will center on a Little Mermaid theme.
Emu: I can't wait to see how our show turns out! Right, Nene♪
Nene: Yeah. It might be a little tough being our first assignment and all, but I'm sure we'll manage.
Tsukasa: Exactly! As ambassadors, there's nowhere else to go but forward!
Rui: (I sensed some nerves while we were brainstorming yesterday...)
Rui: (But I believe we'll be just fine now.)
Tsukasa: The future of Phoenix Wonderland depends on how we do!
Rui: True.
Rui: (Thanks to Project Wonder's success, we were able to reestablish Phoenix Wonderland's reputation as a place that makes everyone smile.)
Rui: (And moving forward, we'll have to keep working to make sure it stays that way.)
Rui: (Not only that, the other troupes and staff were really the ones who made Project Wonder possible. The park means just that much to them as well.)
Tsukasa: So let's start putting together a show worthy of us, the right honorable representatives of Phoenix Wonderland!
Emu: So where do we start?
Rui: We shouldn't have to deviate from our usual routine much.
Rui: We'll write a script, throw in some effects, gather any necessary props and equipment, and rehearse.
Emu: Wow, really?!
Emu: I was sure that we'll need to do lots of extra stuff since we're gonna be performing on a stage that we've never been to before.
Rui: Yes, it is important to keep in mind that we'll be performing at a new venue.
Rui: Especially since we won't have much time to practice or rehearse before we go live.
Nene: Wait, we won't?
Rui: Apparently, it's a very popular stage. From what I understand, it's all booked up for the summer.
Rui: However, I have been able to confirm that we'll have time to rehearse the day of, so we have some room for error.
Emu: Yay!
Tsukasa: That means we'll have to practice here until then.
Rui: Yes, it does. The other stage's dimensions will differ from ours as well, so we'll need to be mindful of that.
Nene: Does that also mean we won't really know what this stage looks like until we get there?
Rui: Emu's brothers were kind enough to send me some blueprints for the stage, so we'll have that to work with.
Nene: Okay, that's good to know.
Rui: That just leaves... The weather since it's an outdoor stage.
Tsukasa: Wh-Which is something we have no control over...
Emu: Aww, it'll be so sad if it rained. Everybody would be too glub-glub frowny-face to come and see us.
Nene: Wouldn't our show get canceled before anyone has a chance to feel that way?
Emu: No, that'd be even worse! I'll start making weather charms today to guarantee that we get good weather!!
Nene: I don't have a problem with being superstitious, but do those really work?
Rui: Hmm... Worst case scenario, if it does rain, We'll just have to launch Tsukasa into the sky to clear away the rain clouds for us.
Tsukasa: Hey, Rui, don't say that like it's a matter of fact.
Rui: Hehehe. But don't you think it would be a magnificent spectacle to behold?
Nene: You know we're a theatre troupe and not a circus, right?
Rui: But a show's a show. I actually have some other ideas if you don't mind hearing me out.
Emu: Oh! Oh! I wanna hear them!
Nene: Fine, whatever. It's not like I'm the one who has to be your stuntman.
Tsukasa: What?! No! Don't let Rui off his leash!
Tsukasa: We have more important things to talk about! Like how to make our next show more interesting!
Rui: Oh, that's a shame. But I suppose you're right...
Rui: Shall we start hammering out the details for our show?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Finally, we're back! Home stage home!
Rui: We were only gone a few days, but this stage is strangely comforting.
Emu: The Beach Stage was really fun, but this is still the most wonderhoy stage of them all!
Nene: Yeah...
Rui: Now, I know that we're all very tired, but we should start putting away all our props and equipment.
Tsukasa: Let's get to it!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: There! That should be everything!
Tsukasa: For the rest of the day, you're all to get some well-deserved rest!
Emu: You know, I wouldn't mind practicing a little right now!
Nene: Geez, does your battery ever run out?
Tsukasa: Hey, we can't lose focus just because we're back at our home stage.
Tsukasa: This assignment isn't over until we are all back home.
Tsukasa: So make sure to look both ways when you reach a sidewalk, and double-check again before you cross!
Emu: Okay♪
Nene: We're not little kids, you know...?
Robo-Nene: I will keep you safe, Nene!
Nene: Hehe. Thanks.
Rui: Anyway, we'll see you tomorrow. Shall we, Nene?
Nene: Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Neighborhood]

Nene: *Yawn*... I'm getting sleepy...
Robo-Nene: Shall I carry you, Nene?
Nene: Thanks, but that would be way too embarrassing.
Rui: ...
Child's Voice: Hey, a robot!
Child: I know her! I saw her at Phoenix Wonderland!
Child: Whoa, that's so cool! She looks just like you! Are you twins or something?
Nene: Uh, well...
Robo-Nene: I was made to look just like Nene. That is why we look so similar.
Child: Cool, it talked! You can sing too, right? Please, just one song?
Mother's Voice: What are you still doing out? I told you to come straight home!
Child: Aww... You're still gonna keep doing shows, right?
Robo-Nene: Beep... Of course! Please make sure to come and visit again.
Child: I will! I promise to go back! Bye!
Nene: Phew...
Rui: Face-to-face conversations still aren't your thing, are they? Even though you improvised so well during our show...
Nene: B-Because it just happened so fast...
Nene: Thanks, Robo-Nene. You really saved me just now.
Robo-Nene: You're welcome, Nene.
Rui: Now we're being recognized outside of the park and not just inside.
Rui: This never really happened before, did it?
Nene: Yeah, I feel like a lot of little kids are starting to recognize us more and more.
Nene: To be fair, she's always been like a kid magnet. Once they spot her, they run right towards her...
Rui: And their parents were usually there to stop them before anything happened.
Nene: I mean, that seems pretty natural. Most people don't usually see robots walking around town.
Rui: But that's starting to change.
Rui: Thanks to the shows we've been doing at the Wonder Stage, as well as Project Wonder, Robo-Nene herself has become a staple attraction.
Robo-Nene: Does that mean I have become a valued member of the Wonder Stage troupe?
Nene: Yes, it does.
Nene: And I hope your fame keeps growing moving forward.
Rui: (Moving forward...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Nene: Yeah, I started wondering about the future while I was talking to her. About us...
(White cut)
Nene: I plan on figuring out what's truly best for me and what I really want to do on my own.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (Not only are others viewing us differently, but we're also starting to see ourselves differently.)
Rui: (But she doesn't seem worried at all.)
Rui: (She even said so herself. We each need to figure out what's truly best for us.)
Rui: (Still... The future, huh?)
Rui: (For as long as I've known her, Nene's always respected my dreams.)
Rui: (And she may still have trouble interacting with strangers, she's doing her best to move forward.)
Rui: (You've come such a long way, Nene.)
Rui: (While I...)
Rui: (No, I'm finally able to spread my wings as a director because I met Tsukasa and Emu and formed Wonderlands×Showtime with them...)
Rui: (We're making shows that make everyone smile.)
Rui: (I know that for a fact, but...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Old Classmates: I'm not doing this just because you think it's fun!
Old Classmates: Yeah! What's wrong with you, Rui?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: ...
Nene: Rui? Why are you sighing...?
Rui: Oh, it's nothing. At least, that's what I'd like to say. I suppose I'm more exhausted than I realized.
Nene: Yeah. We did just come back from a pretty crazy trip. I might collapse on my bed when I get home.
Nene: I'm pretty sure I can fall asleep in less than a second right now.
Rui: Hehe. Then let's go home and get in some well-deserved rest.
Nene: Yeah, sounds good.
(Black cut)
