349_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Endless Imagination & Challenges

Gacha phrase: Hehe. Don't worry. I'm not here to eat you.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Rui: On behalf of Wonderlands×Showtime, thank you all for coming to see our show!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: That's a wrap! Another show completely squared away without any trouble whatsoever!
Rui: Yes, and I have all of you to thank for that.
Tsukasa: Nonsense. Your safety measures are what make our shows possible, no?
Emu: Yeah! Every time you come up with a new effect or some other amazing thing, you always make sure to tell us what's gonna happen!
Nene: Hehe. Some other amazing thing? You could do it a little more justice.
Emu: But that's the truth! It's always something super amazing♪
Emu: Like the one that went WHOOSH-BOING-THUNK! That was so much fun☆
Rui: Ah, from our second assignment as ambassadors. That was one of my best works yet.
Tsukasa: How did he get all that from “whoosh”?
Nene: Who knows?
Tsukasa: Regardless, Rui's fantastical ideas are one of our troupe's greatest selling points!
Tsukasa: I have to think that you're the only one out there who can come up with such zany ideas.
Rui: Hehe. Thank you. I'm honored.
Rui: However, I suspect that there are plenty of others out there who are just as creative or interesting as me.
Rui: I can name two at the very least.
Nene: I can guess who one is. That director you really respect, right?
Rui: Hehe. Correct.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Director: <I'm constantly searching for new ideas and new challenges to take on. I refuse to be trapped inside a box...>
Director: <However, there is something that I always keep in mind.>
Director: <That is to “see beyond the fence”...>
Director: <It doesn't matter if you're rich or poor, clever or foolish, among the majority or minority...>
Director: <All people laugh, cry and feel anger in the same way...>
Director: <That is what ties us all together after bearing witness to a truly marvelous spectacle.>
Director: <My goal is to keep making shows that do just that.>
Director: <I believe that is the key to humanity becoming one... I believe that there's something unimaginable special awaiting us at the end of that path!>
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Rui: ...
Emu: Oh, Rui, does that mean the other person you were talking about is...?
Rui: Yes, the French novelist who's widely regarded as the father of science fiction...
Rui: His stories about discovering an underground world at the center of the Earth, exploring lost civilizations in a submarine and flying to the moon immediately come to mind... 
Rui: The sheer realism grounded in actual science made many of his fans believe that they were true tales.
Rui: He's still well known to this day since his works have been adapted into movies and even theme park attractions.
Emu: Whoa! He must've been an incredible person!
Rui: Incidentally, I was introduced to his works just as I was starting to see how fun shows are.
Rui: My scientific curiosity even compelled me to come up with my own hypotheses regarding what he wrote.
Rui: His story about a man being sent to the moon via a cannon was definitely my favorite growing up.
Tsukasa: I see... Is that why you're so obsessed with launching me into the air...?
Rui: Oh...?
Rui: I've never thought of it that way... I was under the impression that you were meant to soar through the sky...
Tsukasa: What?!
Rui: Hehe. I'm joking.
Rui: But I'm not lying about not thinking about it that way. At least, not consciously.
Rui: I read that book so many times that it began to fall apart, so a part of me must've been wanting to send you to the moon a la the protagonist.
Tsukasa: He seems serious. Am I missing something...?
Nene: No, this is just who he is.
Emu: Yup yup♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rui's Room]

Rui: Hmm... I could've sworn that I left it around here somewhere...
Rui: Aha, found it. “From the Earth to the Moon”...
Rui: Hehe. All that time I spent when I was little trying to figure out how to adapt this novel for the stage.
Rui: And that one quote of his was something that I took to heart...
Rui: “Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real.”
Rui: His stories were all about getting humanity to believe in what's possible by working together.
Rui: Which is why I worked so hard to get my classmates to help me with my shows all those years ago...
Rui: ...
Rui: “Other men can make real...”
Rui: (I took that too seriously back then and flew too close to the sun. As a result, I ended up all alone.)
Rui: (But...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Rui: (Now I have...)
Rui: Hm? What's this...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rui: Hmm...
Rui: I was sure that I was being called over here. I guess that's not the case.
Rui: Oh? What's that over there...?
Rui: A ball of light...? Is this a prop for one of KAITO's shows?
Rui: I should get it back to him...
Rui: Huh?! What's happening...?!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Rui: Am I still in SEKAI...?
Rui: (That ball must've been what caused this.)
Rui: I have no memory of this place... But it seems vaguely familiar for some reason...
Rui: This place as a whole feels foreign, but I swear I've seen these objects and designs before somewhere.
Rui: Alright, just try to relax and slowly figure out what's going on...
???: One, two! One, two!
Rui: Hm...? I hear people...
Rui: Wait, that's...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

[???]

??? (Tsukasa): One, two!
??? (Emu): One☆ Two☆
??? (Nene): One... Two... Ugh... I'm exhausted...
??? (Tsukasa): Hey, no slacking! We won't be able to go to the moon if we don't hurry up and move this thing!
??? (Nene): That's easier said than done...
??? (Nene): There's no way the three of us can carry a cannon big enough to launch a person all by ourselves...
??? (Emu): But we're so close. Just a little further♪
(Black cut)
Rui: It's Tsukasa, Emu and Nene as far as I can tell...
Rui: But they're tiny... Small enough to fit in the palm of my hand.
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): Hm? Who goes there? If you have nothing else to do, lend us a hand, will you...?
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000035/bg_s000035.webp)
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): N-Noooo, it's a giant! Everyone, play dead! Play dead!
Emu? (Emu): Wow, I've never seen a real giant before! Hi, Mr. Giant!
Nene? (Nene): Why are you trying to talk to it?! Also, playing dead won't help us at this point! Let's get out of here before we get eaten!
Rui: Hehe. Don't worry. I won't eat you. Actually, would you mind if I asked you a few questions?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: So you're carrying this big cannon over in the hopes that you can launch yourselves to the moon...?
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): Yes, precisely! It'd be quite the feat, would it not?
Rui: Hehe. It certainly would be.
Rui: (But they've given me a clue as to where I am now.)
Rui: (These are all buildings and objects that appear in those science fiction novels I read.)
Rui: (All that remains is to figure out how to return to SEKAI...)
Rui: Us meeting like this must mean something. How about I help you out with your great endeavor?
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): What?! You will?!
Emu? (Emu): Yay! We're friends with Mr. Giant now♪
Nene? (Nene): Really...? But...
Rui: Things will go much smoother if I help and you should be able to safely reach the moon.
Nene? (Nene): Safely... Yeah, we need to put a priority on that...
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): Then it's settled! Let's work together and make it a successful launch!
Emu, Nene & Rui?: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
Rui: Ready, everyone...?
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): We are indeed! Thank you for all your help!
Rui: I should be thanking you for hearing me out and believing my instructions...
Rui: (Even in this strange place, you're all still you...)
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): While we're on the subject...
Rui: Yes?
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): This experiment was able to succeed because of you, so...!
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): How about you help us with our next one?
Rui: ...!
Emu? (Emu): Yeah, join us♪ I bet we can do something really really super amazing if we work together☆
Nene? (Nene): I agree... You were even able to make this cannon much safer to use than it originally was.
Rui: ...
Rui: Thank you.
Rui: Unfortunately, I'll have to turn down your offer. I'm sorry.
Emu? (Emu): What?! Why?!
Rui: Because I too have friends who mean quite a lot to me.
Rui: It's uncanny how similar you all are to them... Alas, I must be returning soon.
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): I see...
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): Hah...
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): Hah hah hah hah!
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): Your friends are just like us, which means you can't possibly ask for better!
Rui: Yes, exactly!
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): Alright, nameless friend! Our last hurrah can start with you lighting the fuse!
Rui: Yes, leave it to me.
Tsukasa? (Tsukasa): Excellent! Into the cannon, we go!
Emu & Nene?: Yeah!
Rui: Here it goes...!
Rui: Ready? If anything does happen along the way, please be sure to refer to the instructions...
Nene's Voice? (Nene): Yeah, I know what do to. I'm actually pretty good at these kinds of controls.
Emu's Voice? (Emu): I'm ready too. I've got a greeting all memorized juuust in case we run into some moon people♪
Tsukasa's Voice? (Tsukasa): Yes, and you can leave the rest to me!
Tsukasa's Voice? (Tsukasa): I believe this cannon you built for us will launch me further and higher than ever before!
Tsukasa's Voice? (Tsukasa): There's nothing we can't do!
Rui: ...!
Rui: Yes... I agree completely!
Rui: We could even perform a show on the moon as long as we're together...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: Hm...? Where am I...?
KAITO: Welcome back, Rui.
Rui: Huh? KAITO...?
KAITO: Is everything okay? I think a fragment of a feeling sent you to a different SEKAI just now.
Rui: A fragment of a feeling? A different SEKAI?
KAITO: Yes, they're SEKAI that can appear temporarily out of a fragment of somebody's feeling.
KAITO: You saw something rather interesting, no?
Rui: Yes, that explains quite a bit... That ball of light I picked up must be the fragment you're talking about, KAITO.
KAITO: Indeed. They don't appear very often, so in a way, you were very lucky to find it.
Rui: Do you happen to know who that feeling belongs to...?
KAITO: No, I can't say since I didn't actually feel what you felt...
KAITO: I may be able to help if I knew a little more about what this SEKAI was like...
Rui: Yes, I see...
Rui: What that SEKAI was like...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsukasa's Voice? (Tsukasa): I believe this cannon you built for us will launch me further and higher than ever before!
Tsukasa's Voice? (Tsukasa): There's nothing we can't do!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Rui: ...
KAITO: Hehe. You seem to already know...
Rui: I do.
Rui: And I won't be forgetting what I experienced any time soon...
KAITO: Ah, that's wonderful!
Rui: “Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real.”
Rui: (I can believe in those words now that I have Tsukasa, Emu and Nene...)
Rui: Yes, I'm already starting to get some fantastic ideas...!
Rui: Hehehe!
(White cut)
