360_Rui Kamishiro_R2 Rainbow☆Cast (event_46)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Riley Dream Park]

[“The Little Kingdom” show stage]

(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: What a wonderful show! I wouldn't mind seeing it again right now!
Nene: Yeah, me too. Right, Emu?
Emu: I think I counted twenty cast members, and the theatre had a capacity of...
Rui: Emu?
Nene: She's probably writing down what she felt because she liked it so much, right?
Rui: Hmm... I'm sure she is, but she also seems very preoccupied.
Nene: Oh, now that you mention it.
Nene: In your case, Rui, you get this creepy grin on your face whenever you're trying to come up with new ideas.
Rui: That's not very nice...
Rui: (Still...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: Right! I promise to learn as much as I can!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Riley: Keisuke, Shosuke, you'll be coming with me to headquarters. Emu, I'd like you and your friends to go around and enjoy the park for the rest of the day.
Emu: What?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Emu: I was really hoping to ask you some questions, Mr. Riley...! And maybe even see what your meeting with Keisuke and Shosuke's like...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: Hmm... It's almost like Emu's trying to be more organized and responsible today...
Nene: Huh?
Rui: Emu usually relies on pathos to discuss or talk about things, no?
Rui: A prime example of this is how she described the show we just saw as being “extra exciting and super spectacular!”
Nene: It just doesn't feel right when you say it, but I think I get your point...
Rui: See what I mean? Her thought process is full of wonderfully creative and original ideas...
Rui: But it's as if she's deliberately trying to suppress that today...
Nene: Hmm... Doesn't it just mean she's trying to learn as much as she can for the sake of Phoenix Wonderland?
Rui: That could very well be the case.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: I'm sorry for not telling you all sooner...
Emu: I didn't want this to get in the way of trying to win the Show Contest...
Emu: I would've felt awful if it made everyone sad and... I couldn't bear doing that to you...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (In my opinion, Emu's at her best whenever she's one with her emotions...)
Rui: (But at times she'll show hints of absolute brilliance in terms of actively trying to make someone smile or laugh.)
Rui: (Some may call that childish, but I believe it's one of her best qualities.)
Nene: What do you think? Should we go talk to her?
Rui: No, we may want to sit back and observe for the time being...
Rui: She seemed to genuinely enjoy the show, so she does appear to be having fun to some degree.
Nene: Right. I wouldn't want to get in the way of her process or whatever it is she's doing.
(Black cut)
Emu: Sour face...!
Lost Girl: !
Emu: Spicy face!
Emu: Yummy face☆
Nene: H-Hehe. There's our usual Emu.
Rui: Yes, as bright as ever too.
Rui: (Maybe I'm overthinking this...)
(Black cut)
Nene: I can't believe they made it so the water forms waves since it doesn't look like it's open to the public like a wave pool or something, you know?
Rui: Yes, immersion must've been a top priority for them here. This beach alone lets you dive right into the story's narrative.
Emu: How do you think they did all this, you guys?!
Rui: Yes, well...
Rui: I suppose it begins with how realistic the prospects of building an ocean such as this are.
Emu: How realistic?
Rui: ...
(Black cut)
Nene: Hey, is it me or did Emu look really sad just now?
Rui: No, I saw that too.
Tsukasa: Rui! Nene! Quit dragging your feet or we'll lose Emu and our little friend!
Nene: We aren't dragging our feet. We're just concerned...
Tsukasa: About Emu?
Tsukasa: Hmm... Come to think of it, she has been writing down notes all day.
Tsukasa: I was sure that she'd run around the park today saying, “Everything's so fun and exciting and wonderhoy!”
Nene: Oh, you noticed too...?
Rui: However, we'll need to get that girl to the Compass Center first before asking Emu if anything's going on...
Nene: Right. I'm sure family's worried sick about her.
Rui: Alright, let's catch up to them before we end up losing both Emu and our little friend.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[A few days after returning]

[Rui's Room]

Rui: (I have to say, I learned quite a lot during our trip to Riley Dream Park.)
Rui: (That show we saw clearly had the biggest impact on us, but...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[“Jungle Music” area]

Rui: But these trees are imitations... And yet, it feels like we've wandered into a real jungle for some reason...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Riley: We consulted with some botanists regarding how we could simulate the real thing. Those trees may be manmade, but they help create a very jungle-like atmosphere.
Riley: Thanks to them, we were able to come very close to what we wanted. After that, we just had to build some waterfalls and research what jungles sound and even smell like.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (I always wonder how I can stimulate all five senses when I'm working on a show.)
Rui: (How things smell being one of them...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (However, the Wonder Stage is ultimately an outdoor stage. As such, I've been avoiding ideas and effects that can be affected by the weather.)
Rui: (But rain and wind are natural to any jungle. The way they designed that area made it so the weather doesn't affect what people experience all that much.)
Rui: (So some of the smells they use aren't affected by rain, wind or weather in general?)
Rui: (If anything, rain would make that area feel even more like a real jungle.)
Rui: (Wait, that's it...!)
Rui: (It's not about avoiding bad weather. It's about having people experience the same place in different ways based on the weather...!)
Rui: Hehe. How foolish of me. I've been closing doors to new opportunities this whole time...
Rui: After all, it's the director's job to make the impossible a reality...
Rui: Hehe...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: We're here, Rui. What is it that you need us to try out?
Emu: Hm? Where's Rui?
Tsukasa: He's not running late, is he?
Nene: No, his garage was empty by the time I left my house, so he should be here already.
Emu: Oh, that means he's... Hey, look! There's a name card on that seat over there!
Emu: Oh, it's my name!
Nene: Hm? This one says my name...
Tsukasa: And mine's way over there. So we're supposed to sit where we've been assigned...?
Nene: Probably...
Emu: Okay, I'm in my seat!
Nene: Emu's front and center, but we're in the back and off to each side.
Emu: Haha! Look, we make a perfect triangle!
Tsukasa: Yes, if you draw lines between us... What in the world is Rui up to now?
Emu: Well, I'm guessing that we're supposed to be the audience and Rui's gonna appear on stage to...
Emu: Huh...?
Nene: Emu, did you see something?
Emu: No, I smell something sweet!
Emu: *Sniff sniff* I knew it! Flowers! And it's coming from the stage!
Nene: Huh? Oh, you're right... I can smell it from here now.
Tsukasa: You can? I can't smell anything...
Nene: Hmm... It might be because you're upwind.
Emu: What if you breathed in really deep like this? *Sniiifff*
Tsukasa: What, like some sort of vacuum cleaner? Hm...?
Tsukasa: *Sniff sniff* I'm not smelling flowers. This seems like something else.
Tsukasa: Oh, it smells like a forest... It's as if trees are breathing all around me.
Nene: It's probably just the scent of a forest. Also, I really doubt trees breathe the way you're imagining them to right now.
Emu: Oh, I can smell it now too! It's really a forest!
Nene: It's coming my way too. Yeah, it really does smell like a forest...
Emu: But why's it a forest now? What happened to the flowers?
Tsukasa: I know the answer to that.
Tsukasa: Rui! You've already begun your experiment, no?
Rui: Hehe. Nicely done, Tsukasa.
Emu: Hey, it's Rui!
Rui: Hello, everyone. I apologize for not explaining things sooner, but my goal was to get some natural impressions of this.
Nene: You mean from these smells?
Rui: Yes, as it happens...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: I see. An effect that stimulates a person's sense of smell...
Rui: Yes. I'd been avoiding it all this time because of certain things that are out of our control, but I've decided to start experimenting with ideas like this.
Rui: In this case, I'm sure you all noticed that you'll smell different things at varying times depending on where you sit.
Nene: So what's your verdict?
Emu: Can we use this for our next show?!
Rui: Unfortunately, it's not quite ready for the stage yet.
Rui: As it stands, there's still too much variation in terms of how and when these smells reach everybody in the audience.
Rui: Which is why I'd like to keep experimenting with this to see how much I can fine-tune it.
Emu: Okay...
Rui: Also, are there any other ideas like this that you think we should test out?
Tsukasa: Test out?
Rui: Yes. We'll certainly need to keep honing our craft to put on better shows, but I believe new and innovative ideas will also become necessary.
Rui: And I won't be able to test these ideas on my own, so I'd really appreciate your help whenever possible... As I've been doing with Tsukasa.
Rui: Conversely, I'd like it if you could come to me for help as well.
Nene: Does that mean you'd be willing to make stuff for us if we ask?
Rui: Yes, of course. As long as it's within my power to do so.
Tsukasa: I see... Sounds like a plan!
Emu: Yeah! I actually came up with a whole bunch of ideas after we got back from our trip♪
Emu: I thought really hard about what I can do to make them happen, but I'd love to hear what you think too!
Rui: Gladly. It's sort of my forte, so please feel free to ask me whenever.
Emu: Yay! Can we take a look at some now?! Like... This one!
Rui: Yes, let's have a look.
(Black cut)
