412_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Appreciating That Spirit (event_55)

Gacha phrase: Never say never if there's still a chance.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Nice work today, you guys♪
Nene: Yeah, good work.
Rui: ...
Rui: (Our practices are going rather smoothly. That just leaves whether or not Tsukasa will be able to join us...)
Rui: (No, he will...)
Rui: (KAITO mentioned how he seems to be on the right track, so now's not the time to fret.)
Rui: Okay, let's clean up and...
Miku's Voice (Miku-WxS): <Hey! Emu, Nene, Rui♪ Anyone home?>
Emu: Oh, it's Miku! Lemme grab my phone!
Emu: Got it!
Nene: Already...?!
Rui: Incredible! Now that's efficiency!
Miku (WxS): <Wahoy♪ Thanks, Emu☆ Oh, Nene, Rui, you're both here too!>
Rui: Yes, we are. What brings you here all of a sudden?
Miku (WxS): <Oh, about that! There's something I wanna ask you, Rui♪>
Rui: Ask me?
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): <Which is why I wanna try “looking for something in common” like Tsukasa's doing...>
Miku (WxS): <For that other show you did as ambassadors, you noticed that Nene and the Little Mermaid both like to play video games, right? Is it similar to that?>
Emu: Oh, I wanna know too! Rui, please tell us!
Rui: Yes, of course. I'll explain in order.
Rui: First, Miku's example. About how “Nene and the Little Mermaid both like to play video games”...
Rui: Your interpretation is correct in terms of “finding something in common”.
Miku (WxS): <In terms of just that... So it's not perfectly correct...?>
Rui: Yes. The perfectly correct answer begins with asking, “Why do Nene and the Little Mermaid both like to play video games?”
Rui: So, Nene, mind telling Miku and Emu about how you went about taking on the role of the Little Mermaid?
Nene: What?! You're dumping this on me...?
Nene: Um... I started with how this Little Mermaid was pretty shy but wanted to see something new because she was tired of seeing the same stuff every day.
Emu: Okay, and...?
Nene: But the outside world... The world of humans is dangerous, so I figured that she'd prefer to discover new places by immersing herself in video games.
Nene: Books can provide similar enjoyment, but I thought video games would be better since you can control where you explore and what you do on adventures...
Nene: Also, you can play them for hours on end. And the more games you have, the more worlds you can effectively explore.
Miku (WxS): <That makes so much sense♪ But was any of that in the actual script?>
Rui: Ah, no, it wasn't. But this “love of video games” gave Nene the connection she needed to become the Little Mermaid.
Emu: Whoa... That's so cool, Nene.
Rui: Oh? Emu, you went through quite a lot to play the role of Shao, didn't you?
Rui: Shao had lost her parents to the war, but Miles took her in to become both her mentor and only family.
Rui: That show was also inspired by what your grandfather had to go through when founding Phoenix Wonderland...
Rui: You felt a strong connection in terms of protecting something that was entrusted to you by another family member, no?
Emu: *Gasp* Yeah!
Miku (WxS): <I had no idea...!>
Miku (WxS): <It isn't just about acting the same. It's really about being the same and filling their shoes!>
Rui: Yes, that's perfectly correct.
Rui: But Thorpe's a tricky one. I mean, you and he are essentially polar opposites in terms of personalities.
Rui: That's the layer of added difficulty Tsukasa is currently facing.
Miku (WxS): <Hmm... Yeah, it's easy to say how we differ, but this is about finding common ground...>
Rui: Exactly. Do you think you can handle it...?
Miku (WxS): <To be honest, I'm not sure... But I wanna give it a try!>
Miku (WxS): <Especially since Tsukasa's trying his best already♪>
Rui: I couldn't agree more...
Miku (WxS): <Thanks for teaching me all this, Rui!>
Miku (WxS): <Thank you both too, Emu, Nene! I promise to do my best!>
Emu: Okay! Bye bye!
Nene: And she's gone like the usual storm she is.
Rui: Hehe. She and Tsukasa seem to have that in common.
Nene: Yeah... So who do you think is gonna figure out Thorpe first? Tsukasa or Miku?
Rui: I really can't say. This may just come down to some sort of serendipity.
Emu: Serendipity?
Rui: Yes. A chance discovery that leads one to a profound realization.
Rui: (Will our dear troupe leader be able to make such a discovery...?)
Rui: (We'll be awaiting good news, Tsukasa...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rui's Room]

Rui: (Our show at the music hall couldn't have gone better.)
Rui: (For a while there, we weren't sure if we could actually go through with it.)
Rui: (But Tsukasa gave us an incredible performance.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “*Sigh* I only have half a day left...”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “The stars... They're so beautiful...”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (He even managed to figure out how to handle the scene where Thorpe looks at the stars.)
Rui: Anyway... We'll be having a discussion surrounding our next regular show tomorrow...
Rui: Hmm... It may be a good opportunity for me to bring that thing up as well.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Alright, let's pick up where we left off yesterday regarding our next regular show!
Nene: We have a few ideas on the table, so wanna start chipping away at those?
Emu: Hmm... But there's still a chance that we could come up with a really fun idea for a show♪
Tsukasa: I agree. There's no need for us to rush anything out right now, so let's take this opportunity to get on the same page.
Rui: ...
Rui: In that case, would you mind hearing my suggestion?
Nene: You have a suggestion?
Rui: Yes. This has been on my mind ever since we decided that Tsukasa would play Thorpe.
Tsukasa: Oh? What could this entail? Let's hear it.
Rui: Alright.
Rui: Remember the show we did with the Black Knight? I was thinking we could do that again.
Tsukasa: The Black Knight?
Tsukasa: You brought that up when you suggested that I find something that my character and I have in common...
Tsukasa: But why now? Mind telling us your reasons behind your idea?
Rui: Excellent questions.
Rui: Last time, you were able to successfully take on this role after discovering that you and the Black Knight were both very strong-willed.
Rui: However, I have a feeling that you now have the power to further examine how this character thinks and feels.
Tsukasa: ...!
Tsukasa: In other words, you believe we'll be able to put on a better show than before!
Emu: Whoa! That'd be amazing!
Nene: Yeah, I'm kinda curious as to how Tsukasa would play the Black Knight now too.
Rui: See what I mean? Feel up to it, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Heh. Of course!
Tsukasa: I've taken a big step forward as an actor, so let's give everyone the new and improved Black Knight!
Rui: Wonderful! Why don't we start by taking another look at the script?
(Black cut)
Rui: The Black Knight is actually someone who loves peace and used his sword to protect people.
Rui: He was even revered as the “Knight of Peace”, but...
Tsukasa: He began to change after having to fight in so many battles.
Rui: Exactly. He went from protecting others to defeating his enemies and becoming enamored with the sensation of achieving victory.
Emu: Yeah... He only used to fight and try to win against his opponents because he wanted to protect everyone.
Nene: Initially, it was just a means to an end, but it sort of wound up becoming his primary goal.
Tsukasa: A means to an end becoming his goal...
Tsukasa: I honestly never really thought about that last time, but I think I understand now...
Tsukasa: “To protect others” is to essentially run a marathon with no goal at the end.
Tsukasa: You have no idea how far you have to go or if it'll ever end.
Rui: But defeating one's enemies and fighting to win is much more cut and dry in terms of tangible outcomes...
Tsukasa: Right. And so, the Black Knight ended up choosing more easily achievable goals instead.
Tsukasa: I'd labeled him as a “bad guy” before without actually thinking about him as a human being...
Tsukasa: But now I understand... The Black Knight and I are one and the same.
Emu: Huh? The same?
Tsukasa: Yes. I too foolishly placed my goal of becoming a star over making the audience and my friends smile.
Rui: Fortunately, you and the Black Knight were both able to make that realization.
Tsukasa: Precisely...! And I have all of you to thank.
Nene: Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: This means I'll have to revisit my old, naive self...
Tsukasa: But even going over just the beginning has uncovered all these ways I can improve my understanding of this character.
Tsukasa: If we keep this up, I'm sure we'll be able to put on a show that's orders of magnitude better than before!
Rui: Yes, I agree.
Rui: We'll be counting on you, Tsukasa!
(Black cut)
