428_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Brilliance At Twilight (event_58)

Gacha phrase: All I did was help out a little.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

[Rui's Room]

Rui: Okay, it's done... We can start practicing this new part tomorrow.
Rui: (Working out how to accommodate everyone's individual athletic abilities and experiences in this plan took longer than I expected.)
Rui: (However, this is the most effective way of making our performance the best it can possibly be.)
Rui: (And I won't have to feel the regret of not trying it.)
Rui: (Still... I'm surprised that they were willing to agree to this.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Blue Squad Captain: Kamishiro, you're certain that your idea will make our performance for the cheering competition just that much better?
Rui: Of course.
Blue Squad Captain: Understood. Then, there's no reason not to. Am I right...?
Rui: ...!
(White cut)
(White cut)
Blue Squad Members: This is gonna take some courage to pull off, but I agree that this is probably gonna make the crowd go absolutely wild.
Blue Squad Members: Let's do it, you guys! Everything we have until the day of!
(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: Hmm... I really should get in some rest ahead of tomorrow's practice... Hehe. But I feel wide awake now.
Rui: (Oh, I know...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rui: Hm? It's night here too?
Rui: (I was hoping to thank Luka for helping me and giving me advice...)
KAITO: Rui, it's you. I was wondering who came to visit so late. What brings you here?
Rui: Oh, KAITO!
(Black cut)
KAITO: I see. You wish to thank Luka...
Rui: Yes... But I'm guessing she's asleep right now.
KAITO: Rin and Len may be, but I'm not sure about Luka... She slept throughout most of the day, so she may actually be awake.
KAITO: Also, Rui, you have school tomorrow, no? I'll help you look for her to speed things up.
Rui: Thank you, KAITO. I really appreciate it.
KAITO: You're welcome. Alright, shall we?
KAITO: That reminds me. MEIKO said that you were hoping to discuss something with me the other time.
Rui: Oh...
KAITO: I'm sorry that I wasn't there to help. One of the plushies that was supposed to be in our show got lost and I had to go look for them with the others.
KAITO: Luckily, we managed to find them, which was a huge relief.
Rui: That's good to hear.
Rui: But I'm actually okay now. Luka and the others were there to listen to what I was hoping to discuss.
KAITO: Yes, I heard. By the way, what did you talk about with them?
Rui: Well... I came up with an idea that's bound to make our performance for the cheering competition significantly better.
Rui: However, I wasn't sure if I should bring it up since we don't have much time left until the Sports Festival on top of it being rather challenging...
KAITO: ...
Rui: But Luka made me realize something.
Rui: I was subconsciously scared of being shunned by everyone on the cheer squad.
KAITO: Rui...
Rui: I thought Tsukasa and the others had helped me get over that already.
Rui: But a part of me was clearly still afraid.
KAITO: But based on what you just said, I take it that you were able to bring your idea up with the cheer squad...?
Rui: Yes.
Rui: So... I'm hoping that everything is fine now...
KAITO: I hope so too...
KAITO: However, Rui, being timid or scared isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Rui: Huh?
KAITO: Hehe. You've said so yourself. It's best to take it slow when making important decisions, no?
KAITO: Of course, it's natural to believe that moving forward is the quickest way towards growth.
KAITO: But I think you should just move at your own pace, Rui.
Rui: At my own pace?
KAITO: You need to muster up some courage when facing a big obstacle. Not only that, you may require the help of your friends.
KAITO: That's why I believe you should move at your own pace and act when you think you have all the pieces you need.
KAITO: Conversely, when you think the time isn't right, I'd like it if you kept in mind that you don't have to immediately act.
KAITO: That also takes some amount of courage, no?
Rui: KAITO...
Rui: (When I think I have all the pieces I need...)
Rui: (I see. In that sense, this was definitely the right time for me to act.)
Rui: What you told me just now makes me want to thank Luka just that much more...
KAITO: Hehe. Oh...
Len: We want to... Cheer too... Mhm...
Rin: It'll be... Great... Zzz...
Luka: You can... Do it... Rui... Zzz... Zzz...
KAITO: Sounds like they're all cheering for you in their dreams, Rui...
Rui: Yes, it does.
Rui: (Thank you all very much... I promise to follow through with this until the end.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Kamiyama High School - Campus]

Blue Squad Captain: For the blue teeeaaam!!
Students: What?! Wait... The rooftop?!
Students: It's the Captain of the blue team! The other squad members are by the classroom windows too... What are they all doing there...?
(Black cut)
Blue Team Students: Way to go, blue cheer squad!
Blue Team Students: You guys gave us so much energy!
Blue Team Students: We might be in last right now... But it's not over until it's over!
Rui: Thank goodness...
Rui: (Captain, I think your passion's touched everyone's hearts.)
Mizuki: Rui!
Mizuki: How was it?! Absolutely perfect, right?!
Rui: Yes, it was a wonderful performance. There's no room for me to complain.
An: Awesome! That just leaves the voting for the cheering competition! I hope they finish counting soon!
Rui: Me too. But we should also take this opportunity to head back to our class waiting areas... We still have the next event to think about.
An: Oh, right! We need to start gathering soon! Let's go, Mizuki!
Mizuki: Okay. See you, Rui! Let's meet up later to talk more about the cheering competition!
Rui: Alright, see you later.
Luka: <There we are. Nice work, Rui.>
MEIKO: <Yes, we just managed to get in a peek! The cheering competition was so amazing!>
Rui: Luka, MEIKO...!
Rui: (Oh, I haven't had a chance to thank Luka and the others yet.)
Rui: Perfect timing. About the cheering competition...
Student's Voice: Hey, those two are back! Nice work!
Student's Voice: The blue team's performance was so good!
MEIKO: <Hm? They seem awfully excited.>
Rui: Yes, I think it's coming from the waiting area for my class.
Rui's Classmate A: Whoa...! Thanks, you guys! I'm glad you all liked our performance so much.
Rui's Classmate B: Yeah, being the representatives for Class B was definitely worth it!
Luka: <Oh, Rui, aren't they on your cheer squad? Hehe. Everyone around them's smiling so much.>
Rui: Yes, they really are.
Rui's Classmates: Seriously, that opening scene was nuts! No one expected you guys to jump out of the windows!
Rui's Classmate B: Kamishiro came up with that part. We didn't have much time to practice it, so I wasn't sure we'd be able to pull it off.
Rui's Classmate A: Yeah, I wasn't really for it either at first...
Rui's Classmates: Really...? It definitely looked really cool, but he's actually the one who came up with that idea...?
MEIKO: <Oh...>
Rui: Oh, I should tell the Captain that I need to head back to my class for now. I'll be right back...
Luka: <Wait, Rui...!>
Luka: (Is he going to be okay...?)
Rui's Classmates: And everything went okay? You didn't get hurt or anything, right?
Rui's Classmate A: No, we were totally fine. Kamishiro made sure to put safety first.
Rui's Classmate B: Yeah! You guys gotta hear this! It was incredible!
Luka: <...!>
Luka: <Rui, please wait...!>
Rui: Huh?
Rui's Classmate B: Oh, here! This says how we practiced that window jump, but they're all a little different depending on which clubs we're in or what we're good at doing.
Rui's Classmate B: He even went around to each of us to explain how our safety equipment all works.
Rui's Classmate A: Yeah. And just in case we didn't land properly, he had a safety mat ready to catch us.
Rui's Classmate B: That made such a huge difference when it came to actually getting ourselves to jump.
Rui: ...
Rui's Classmates: Really...? I never would've expected Kamishiro to be so thoughtful of others.
Rui's Classmates: I know, right? I mean, it's impossible to tell what he's thinking most of the time...
Rui's Classmate B: I felt the same way, but he seemed really different during practice...
Rui's Classmate B: It was like you could tell he shared our wish. As if he was thinking, “I want to encourage everyone by making this performance a success.”
Rui: ...!
Rui's Classmates: I see... So Kamishiro went through all that trouble to give us encouragement...?
Rui's Classmate B: Yeah!
Luka: <Rui, why don't you head back to your class?>
MEIKO: <Yeah, look!>
Rui: But... I...
Luka: <I know...! MEIKO, would you mind...?>
MEIKO: <I see... Yes... Okay♪>
Rui: What were you two just...?
MEIKO: <Look! Kamishiro's back! We should be there to welcome him!>
Rui: What?! MEIKO?!
Rui's Classmates: Huh? Kamishiro? Where?
Rui's Classmate B: Oh, there he is! Hey, you're late!
Rui: Now you've done it...
MEIKO: <Haha! Anyway, we'll be off♪>
Luka: <Hehe. See you later...>
Rui: Okay... See you later...
Rui's Classmate B: Kamishiro, welcome back!
Rui's Classmates: Welcome back!
Rui: Thank you. It's good to be back...
(Black cut)
