454_Rui Kamishiro_R2 Survival Challenge! (event_62)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Coast]

Miku (WxS): <Wait, aren't you gonna go check out that jungle?>
Rui: Yes, but there's something I'd like to check on first.
Luka: <Hehe. It's nice and sunny out, so I'm perfectly fine with just walking along the coast.>
MEIKO: <Okay, you...>
Rui: (Ah, there also seem to be birds here.)
Rui: (It's difficult to tell which species just based their calls, but at the very least, this ecosystem seems to support animal life.)
Rui: (These plants look more or less familiar as well, and none seem to be the kind that cause rashes or skin irritation. Good.)
Rui: (That means we should be safe as long as we keep an eye out for any big animals.)
Rui: Thank you all for waiting. After taking a quick look around, there doesn't seem to be any dangerous plants here.
Rui: So, let's head into the jungle to search for food and water.
Tsukasa: Ah, so you went around to see what kinds of plants there were?
Emu: I didn't realize you knew so much about plants, Rui! That's on top of everything you know about gizmos and gadgets☆
Rui: Oh, I really only know about the plants I saw in encyclopedias when I was little.
Rui: I remember reading this one encyclopedia over and over again because it was all about poisonous plants.
Len & MEIKO: <An encyclopedia about poisonous plants?!>
Nene: Oh, wait... Are you talking about the weird book with that creepy, red, poisonous-looking cover?
Rui: Yes, that's precisely it! Even now, I'm able to discern in an instant whether or not a plant is dangerous.
MEIKO: <Wow, that's so interesting! Mind if I borrow that book from you sometime, Rui♪>
Rui: Yes, of course. I'll bring it over to SEKAI next time...
Rui: Ah, we'll need to get our phones fixed first...
Nene: Our phones won't even turn on now because of how they went for a swim in the ocean.
Rui: Right.
Rui: Oh, that reminds me. KAITO, there's something I'd like to ask you.
KAITO: <Hm? How can I help you?>
Rui: Untitled is also on our phone. If they end up being broken beyond repair, what's going to happen to it?
Emu & Nene: Oh no...!!
Emu: Th-That's a really good question! If we can't get them fixed, does it mean we can never go back to SEKAI anymore?!
Nene: Yeah... I really don't want that to happen...
Tsukasa: He has a point... KAITO, can you give us an answer?
KAITO: <I believe everything will be fine.>
KAITO: <Even if you do end up replacing your old phones with new ones, Untitled should naturally reappear.>
Rui: Oh, how does that work exactly...?
KAITO: <I'm sorry. I can't say for sure, but I do know that Untitled is a song that for one reason or another reacts to people's feelings...>
KAITO: <So, as long as you carry these feelings, Untitled will never disappear from your phones.>
Miku (WxS): <Yup yup☆ SEKAI isn't going anywhere either♪>
Emu: Really?! Thank goodness...
Rui: By the way, I was able to cloud save Untitled and the rest of the data on my phone. Will that Untitled work the same if I were to download it?
KAITO: <I can't say for certain, but I suspect so.>
Rui: Which means the feelings of the person playing the song are what matters most, yes?
Rui: Hehe. We learned something very interesting today.
Rui: Oh, one more thing... If I were to use Tsukasa's phone to go over to SEKAI...
Rui: What would happen in the event that his phone broke?
Tsukasa: Hm? Wouldn't you just be sent back here since Untitled would be forced to stop?
KAITO: <Hmm... I'm guessing that's what will happen.>
Rui: Ah, as I suspected...
Rui: (Lucky for us, Tsukasa's phone is still working, but we don't know for how long...)
Rui: (We'd be able to guarantee our own safety by taking shelter in SEKAI, but that may very well end up being a temporary solution...)
Rui: (If that's the case, it may be better for us to gather and set up everything we need to survive.)
Tsukasa: Rui? You there...?
Rui: Hm?
Tsukasa: You seem to have a lot on your mind. If you're concerned about something, then please tell us.
Tsukasa: There's no telling how long we're going to be stuck in this situation, but we have to find a way to survive together.
Rui: Yes, I understand.
Rui: And there is something I need to tell all of you.
Rui: First, Tsukasa, it's nothing short of a miracle that your phone's still working.
Rui: Smartphones have become waterproof to some extent, but if water's gotten into the circuits and your luck runs out, there's a chance that it can short out and explode.
Tsukasa: What...?!
Miku (WxS): <I-I-I-I-It's....>
Miku, Rin & Len: <It's gonna explooode?!>
Luka: <Oh, that's terrifying...>
MEIKO: <Settle down. He said that it's a possibility, not a certainty.>
Rui: Normally, it's best to turn it off immediately, but if you were to do that, the chances of it turning back on are next to nothing.
Rui: I prefer not to think about things going south. However, this may end up becoming our ace in the hole since it'll allow us to take shelter in SEKAI.
Rui: So, Tsukasa, as much as I hate to ask this of you...
Tsukasa: Keep my phone on, right?! Leave it to me!
Rui: But if it starts smoking up or making odd noises, please discard it immediately, okay...?
Tsukasa: Of course!
Nene: S-So, Rui... Does what you just said also apply to Robo-Nene?
Rui: Yes, it does. However, we may need Robo-Nene's various gadgets and features later if find ourselves in a bind.
Rui: Which is why I'd like to avoid asking her doing anything strenuous since it'll likely make her core temperature rise too high.
Emu: A-And that'll keep Robo-Nene from exploding?
Rui: Yes. We'll have to keep an eye on her moving forward, but she seems to have avoided being seriously damaged so she should be okay as long as we're careful.
Emu & Nene: Thank goodness!
Rui: Anyway, I've been talking for quite a while now...
Rui: So, once more, let's head into the jungle to search for food and water.
Tsukasa: Of course!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Desert Island - Jungle]

Rin: <You guys have so much food now after the monkeys gave you these fruits.>
Emu: Yup☆ I can't wait to try them out since they all look really yummy.
Luka: <*Yawn* Seeing all these delicious-looking fruits... Is making me...>
Tsukasa: Yes, I'm also starting to get hungry.
Luka: <No, the opposite actually...>
Nene: Wait, the opposite?
Luka: <Mhm... That sensation of being full... I'm starting to get sleepy, so... Good... Night...>
MEIKO: <Oh, you... Come here if you want to take a nap.>
Tsukasa: Ah, Luka, ever our sleeping beauty.
Rui: ...
Tsukasa: Hm? Rui? Something's been on your mind for a while now it seems? What's bothering you?
Rui: Oh, I'm sorry... There is one small matter that's caught my concern.
KAITO: <Are you talking about finding drinkable water...?>
Rui: Yes. We've managed to find food, but not being able to find a source of water is quite the conundrum...
Tsukasa: Water, huh...?
Rui: The contraption we set up by the beach has only been able to collect a small amount so far.
Rui: So, finding a source somewhere within this jungle was sort of our best option...
Len: <Yeah. Even after walking around all day, there was no sign of one... Are there really no good sources of water in this jungle...?>
MEIKO: <I have to believe otherwise. I mean, just look at all the monkeys living in this jungle.>
Rin: <Oh, you're right! The monkeys need water too!>
Rui: Yes, so there has to be a decent source somewhere in here...
Miku (WxS): <Rui?>
Tsukasa: Huh?! What did you figure out?!
Rui: Look. I think that path over there was made by some animals...
Tsukasa: Oh, good eye... There's evidence of small animals having passed through here.
Emu: Do you think it was the monkeys?
Rui: I have to think so.
Rui: Would you all mind if we made a slight detour...?
Rui: This path may very well lead to a source of water or evidence of one existing, so I'd like to investigate.
KAITO: <Are you sure...? The sun's going to set completely soon...>
Rui: Yes, because this is likely going to be our last chance today to find a source of water in this jungle. 
Tsukasa: I don't think we have a choice. At this point, not having water would be beyond detrimental!
Emu: Yeah!
Rui: Alright, we don't have much time, so we'll need to hurry.
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): <Hmm... Water... Water...>
Len: <Water... Water...>
Rin: <Nor any drop to drink...>
MEIKO: <Not a drop. I can try listening more closely for the sound of water... Still nothing...>
KAITO: <It may be hiding behind some bushes or grass, so let's keep a close eye out, everyone.>
Tsukasa: Right! We have so many eyes on the case now. We're bound to find something!
Emu: Yeah! We're absolutely gonna find it☆
Nene: Speaking of which... I'm glad for you, Rui.
Rui: Hm? Why's that?
Nene: Because if the monkeys didn't give us all those fruits, you wouldn't have had anything to eat other than the bananas.
Tsukasa: Oh, that's right... Rui isn't exactly a big fan of vegetables...
Emu: Wait, yeah! All the herbs we picked would count as veggies!
MEIKO: <Oh... Based on your current situation, do you really think you can afford to be picky?>
Rui: Ah, but if I refuse to eat any vegetables, there will be more for everyone else. In a way, two birds with one stone.
Tsukasa: Nonsense. Also, why are you smiling...?
Tsukasa: Rui, you're both a valued cast member and director of Wonderlands×Showtime. We can't have anything happening to you!
Tsukasa: So, if push comes to shove and it means saving your life, I'll have no other choice but to make you eat your vegetables.
Rui: I appreciate the thought, Tsukasa...
Rui: My body may live on, but if you were to do that, my heart may burst and cause me to sleep the big sleep.
Emu & Miku: What?! <What?!>
Tsukasa: Geez, you hate vegetables that much...?
Rui: Hehe. Only as much as I just said.
KAITO: <Well, in that case... I'm glad you were given those fruits.>
Emu: Hm...? Hmmm!
Rui: What is it, Emu? Did you find something?
Emu: Yeah! I just saw some birds land in the bushes over there!
Rui: The bushes...? Not the branches...?
Rui: *Gasp* Could it be...?
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): <W-We...!>
Everyone: <We found it...!> We found it...!
Tsukasa: Well done, Emu!
Rui: Well done indeed. You found these birds' watering hole.
Emu: Hehe. Rui, does this water look okay to you? It sort of just looks like a really big puddle.
Rui: Yes, there seems to be plenty of water and a spring acting as its source.
Rui: But just to be safe, we should boil it before we do try to drink it.
Tsukasa: Right. And now, we can head back to where Robo-Nene is with our heads held high!
Nene: Yeah, thank goodness too...
Tsukasa: Alright, let's collect some water and head straight back!
Emu, Nene & Rui: Yeah!
(Black cut)
