455_Rui Kamishiro_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Ordinary is perfectly fine.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Two weeks until Rui's birthday]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: Hey, Emu, Nene. Mind helping me put the props away?
Emu: Okay! Let's go, Nene!
Nene: Yeah, sure! Rui, the background curtain's all rolled up over there...
Rui: Okay. I just have to take it around back, yes? We should be set here, so please go lend Tsukasa a hand.
Nene: Okay, we'll do that.
Rui: Now...
Miku (WxS): Rui, Rui☆ We picked up all the flowers we made go pop-pop and fly around♪
Rui: Thank you, Miku, Len. Now, can you help me by putting them in this bag?
Miku & Len: Okay! O-Okay!
Rui: Len...? You seem anxious. Is something bothering you?
Len: Huh? Oh, um... It's nothing! It's just... There's something I'd like to ask you...
Rui: Ask me? How can I help you?
Len: So... It's almost your birthday, right? I was wondering if there's anything you want to do to celebrate.
Rui: My birthday? Yes, it's a week after next, but I'd completely forgotten since our next show's also just around the corner.
Rui: Still...
Tsukasa & Emu: *Stare*
Rui: There actually is something I'd really like to do for my birthday...
Len: There is...?! Like what?
Rui: Hehe. A birthday party.
Rui: Just once, I'd like to invite all of my friends over to my house for a big birthday party.
Len: Wow! That sounds like fun!
Miku (WxS): Yeah☆ I wanna celebrate too, Rui!
Rui: Thank you. I'd love to have you all over.
Tsukasa: Rui, we couldn't help but overhear that you may or may not want to throw a birthday party.
Emu: Yeah! Something about inviting all your friends over to your house too!
Rui: Something about...? You heard everything while pretending to put the props away, no?
Emu: Oh no! Operation Eavesdrop 'n' Prop Clean Up failed!
Tsukasa: How could this have happened...?! Even after we asked Miku and Len to help us!
Nene: Of course he figured out what was going on. I mean, the way you were staring at him was a dead giveaway.
Rui: (I see... That explains why Len seemed so anxious. He was asked to draw out some answers from me.)
Rui: You know you could've just asked me directly without having to go through all this.
Tsukasa: To be honest, we weren't expecting you to say anything about inviting your friends over for a party at your house. It seemed too ordinary.
Rui: Yes. It's about as ordinary as it gets.
Nene: ...
Tsukasa: Rui, you're okay with just that? Now that our plan's been foiled, please feel free to ask us for anything. You don't have to hold back.
Emu: Yup yup! We mean it! Anything!
Rui: Hehe. I really appreciate it, you two, but why would I now choose to start holding anything back from all of you?
Rui: This is genuinely what I wish to do. A perfectly ordinary birthday party like you'd see anywhere else.
Nene: If Rui's saying that's what he wants to do, then I say why not? I live right next door too, so why don't I bring over some games we can all play?
Rui: Ah, good idea! Much appreciated.
Tsukasa: Alright, I guess we're going with a perfectly ordinary party...
Tsukasa: That means we'll need candles for the cake, party goods and snacks!
Emu: Oh, I'll bring over some decorations and yummy snacks!
Miku (WxS): Okay, and we'll make sure to get everything ready so that we can celebrate with you guys!
Len: Yeah! Let's start by asking KAITO!
Miku (WxS): Oh, good call! Let's go ask him♪
Rui: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Two weeks later]

[Rui's Room]

Rui: Hm? A message...? From Mizuki?
Mizuki: <Rui, you're still up, right? Happy birthday!!>
Rui: Oh, it's already past midnight... When did that happen?
Mizuki: <Got any fun plans for today? If you're gonna do something at school, I'll make sure to stop by!>
Rui: Hehe...
Rui: <I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I won't be doing anything at school.>
Rui: <Instead, I'll be having a simple party with my fellow troupe members and everyone who's helped us along the way.>
Mizuki: <Really?! A simple party, huh? That sounds nice!>
Mizuki: <Good for you, Rui. Have lots of fun, okay♪>
Rui: <Yes, I plan to. Thank you, Mizuki.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Everyone have their poppers ready? Also, how are the candles on the cake looking?
Nene: Okay, they're all set.
KAITO: <We're ready over here too!>
Luka: <Hehe. Looks like we're all eager to get started.>
MEIKO: <Of course we are! We've been waiting two weeks for this♪>
Tsukasa: Alright, let us commence our celebration! First, we will begin by wishing Rui a happy birthday!
Emu: Okay, lemme hit the lights♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Now, without further ado!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rui's Room]

Tsukasa: Now, without further ado! Happy birthday, Rui!
Everyone: Happy birthday! <Happy birthday!>
Rui: *Nod* Thank you all very much!
Rui: *Blow*
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: <Happy birthday, Rui!>
Rui: Yes, thank you.
Tsukasa: Alright, give me the plates! It's time to cut the cake!
Emu: Okay!
Miku (WxS): <KAITO! We want cake too♪>
KAITO: <Okay, I understand. But we have to wait for our turn.>
(Black cut)
MEIKO: <Okay, now that we've had our fill of delicious cake, juice and snacks...!>
MEIKO: <It's time to celebrate by starting with the Happy Birthday Rui Cookie Kart Cup♪>
Rin: <Yay♪>
Len: <Hey, Rui, what's a Cookie Kart?>
Rui: It's a racing game with a strangely fun story that involves these gingerbread men that are made from unbaked cookie dough and race in these go-karts that are also made of dough.
Rui: They race on these tracks and circuits that all look very different but each is actually an oven.
Rui: If you pass through a track's checkpoints a certain number of times, the gingerbread men will be baked to perfection.
Tsukasa: But they can't keep racing if they're not baked properly and get disqualified if they become burnt. It's an interesting game with some unique rules.
KAITO: <Yeah, that does sound interesting. Is it normal to play something like this during birthday parties?>
Tsukasa: I can't say for sure, but it's been around for a long time. We played it with Toya, Ichika and the others whenever they came over to our house for birthday parties.
Emu: I've played it before too! During birthday parties, and even outside of birthdays with my sis and the plushies!
Rui: I never played it much during birthday parties, but I remember playing it with Nene on a regular basis.
Nene: Yeah, we did. And our parents made it a rule that we couldn't play online.
Len: <So, you guys have all played this before? That means it's gonna turn into a pretty heated battle, right?>
MEIKO: <Alright, without further ado, let's kick off the first race of Rui's Birthday Cup!!>
Tsukasa, Emu, Nene & Rui: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Emu: Oh no! I got disqualified! My gingerbread man got burnt to a crisp!
Tsukasa: Yes, that way does lead to a shortcut, but it doesn't seem possible to get through there without getting roasted...
Nene: Finally! I got the can cover! Now I can take the shortcut!
Tsukasa: What?! You're going down the fiery road, Nene?! But you'll get all burned up like Emu just before the finish line!
Rui: No, she won't! The can cover she just used will keep her safe as she runs through the flames.
Nene: Hehe. Exactly. So, smell you later.
Luka: <Looks like Nene's going to win and have a nice, golden brown finish.>
Emu: Wah hah hah hah! Not so fast!
MEIKO: <Oh, looks like Emu's returned as a charcoal cookie after being disqualified from the race!>
MEIKO: <Hang on... What in the world's a charcoal cookie?>
Rui: It's a form that allows players to interfere in a race after being disqualified for getting too burnt.
Emu: That's right! And if I hit someone with my charcoal bomb just right, I can raise their burn gauge☆
Tsukasa: I'd completely forgotten about that...!
Rui: And everyone's already a nice, golden brown since we're nearing the end of the race, so one blast will spell the end for anyone who gets hit.
Emu: Heh heh heh. Come and play, Nene♪
Nene: Wh-What?! W-Wait! Why me?!
Tsukasa: Yes, Emu go get her! It'll be just me and Rui if Nene gets disqualified!
Rui: Hehe. That certainly would be exciting, but you may want to watch where you're going, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Huh...? Noooo! What's this hidden bomb doing here?!
Miku (WxS): <Oh no! Tsukasa's got burnt to a crisp! Does this mean he's disqualified?!>
KAITO: <No, it looks like he's just barely within the threshold for staying in the race!>
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! You'll have to do better than that, Rui!
Tsukasa: Nonetheless, well played! Once I catch up to you, I'm going to use my secret weapon to turn you into a star!
Rui: Ah, that sounds bad... You must be talking about the item that can transform others into something else and slow them down in the process.
Len: <Wait, there's an item that lets you do that?! Go, Rui, go!>
(Black cut)
MEIKO: <And here are the results...♪ The winner of Rui's Birthday Cup is...!>
MEIKO: <Emuuu!!>
Emu: Woohoo! I won!
Miku (WxS): <Congratulations, Emu!>
KAITO: <Even though she was disqualified from the first race, she really turned everything around by winning the second and third ones.>
Tsukasa: Grr! She stole the second race right under our noses while we traded blows with one another.
Rui: Not only that, I was staggered by how good the items we started getting during the later half of the race were.
Nene: Yeah, I couldn't believe it when I got three rare items in a row.
Nene: So, wanna play again...? I kinda don't wanna just walk away after losing.
Tsukasa: Yes, and I finished last, so there's nowhere for me to go but up! You're playing too, right, Rui?!
Rui: Yes, of course.
Emu: Okay, which track do you guys wanna play next? Or do you wanna set it to random again?
Tsukasa: Hmm... Well, let's see...
Rui: (It's been so long since I last celebrated with such a lively birthday party...)
Rui: (And Nene was just about my only friend who would ever come.)
Rui: (So this is what it's like to throw a perfectly ordinary birthday party with my friends.)
Rui: Thank you all very much...
KAITO: (I'm so happy for you, Rui.)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000088/bg_s000088.webp)
Toya: Happy birthday, Kamishiro.
Kohane, An & Akito: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Kohane: I really enjoyed what you and the others did for my birthday the other day, so I hope you get to have as much fun as possible today.
Toya: I heard that you'll be having a party with Tsukasa and the others at your home. I'm sure you're all going to have quite a bit of fun.
An: Yeah, there's really nothing better than celebrating your birthday with your closest friends and acquaintances.
Akito: You guys come up with pretty zany ideas sometimes, but you and your troupe put on shows to make people smile so I'm sure you're also good at entertaining yourselves.
Toya: Yes, I agree.
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Rui! You showed some signs of it during the Sports Festival, but you've really changed for the better. Is it because of Tsukasa?
Mizuki: It's always nice to see you having fun, so I hope you get to keep doing lots of stuff with him and the others.
Tsukasa: Once again, Rui, happy birthday!
Emu & Nene: Happy birthdaaay! Happy birthday!
Emu: Hehe. Cookie Kart was so much fun! I can't believe we did five more tournaments after that!
Nene: Yeah, and Rui got pretty into it, so I think he really enjoyed himself.
Tsukasa: Yes. I was worried at first about throwing an “ordinary” birthday party for him, but it was nice to see that he had so much fun.
Tsukasa: Rui, I know you don't hold back when it comes to shows, but you're free to ask us for anything outside of that like what we just did.
Emu: Yup yup☆ We should keep doing lots and lots of stuff together!
Nene: I'd like that as well. So, make sure to let us know if anything comes to mind.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: Hello there. Thank you for joining me today to celebrate my birthday.
Rui: I never realized how fun it was to celebrate alongside my friends and acquaintances like this. I'd forgotten since so much time had passed when I last did.
Rui: Hehe. If possible, I'd like to do something like this again next time.
(White cut)
