514_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Words Of Encouragement (event_72)

Gacha phrase: Maybe you just haven't realized it yet.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Shibuya Festa - Backstage]

Rui: Okay, it looks like the festival's about to wrap up.
Rui: Why don't we start packing up and get ready to go back to Phoenix Wonderland?
Tsukasa & Emu: Okay! Yeah!
Nene: Actually, most of our stuff's already been packed up. It's sitting right over there.
Rui: Oh, you're right. Then, this shouldn't take very long. Let's get the dolly and start carting them off to...
Emu: Wait, Rui, hold on!
Emu: We can take care of the packing. You should sit and rest!
Rui: What?
Nene: She's right. You're hurt, so you should rest as much as you can.
Rui: Hehe...
Rui: I appreciate your concern, but I'm fine. I should be able to do this much without any problems.
Tsukasa: No, Rui, you shouldn't take sprains lightly! If you push yourself too hard...!
Akito: What's with all the shouting...?
Toya: Nice show, Tsukasa. We came by to congratulate you all before we left.
Tsukasa: Ah, Akito, Toya! Thank you for dropping by!
An: Hey, we're here too!
Kohane: U-Um! I thought your show was really fun! Especially the part where you flew in the air, Tsukasa!
Emu: Really?! Thanks, Kohane!
Tsukasa: Your team's performance was also incredible! The way you all sang with so much power gave us a nice boost of energy! We thank you for that!
Akito: Really? I was under the impression that you were always filled to the brim with energy.
Rui: Hehe. That's one of Tsukasa's best qualities. Also, please allow me to thank you.
Rui: If you hadn't helped me along back there, we probably wouldn't have been able to do our show today. I really appreciate what you did for me, Shinonome.
Akito: Oh, um... You're welcome. You guys put on a good show, Kamishiro.
Toya: Back there...? Now that you mention it, Akito, I've been meaning to ask you about that. Did something happen to Kamishiro?
An: Yeah, that's been bugging me too! I definitely remember seeing you talking to Kamishiro before the show.
Akito: Huh? No, that was just...
Tsukasa: Wait, you didn't tell them? Akito here helped Rui get to the first aid tent!
An: Huh? The first aid tent...? Does that mean you got hurt, Kamishiro?!
Rui: Unfortunately, yes... I was testing a device and ended up spraining my foot.
Rui: You were all probably busy getting ready for your own show too. I apologize for borrowing Shinonome at such a crucial time.
Kohane: No, that's okay...! We had a meeting during lunch, so we were actually ready to perform whenever.
An: Still, we really had no idea. Oh, Akito, you're such a good boy. Why didn't you tell us about your wonderful deed...?
Akito: Quiet, you. I wasn't trying to hide it or anything. Also, Kamishiro, are you sure you're okay now?
Rui: Yes, I am. I received some nice treatment and was able to perform in our show just fine.
Tsukasa: But you moved around quite a bit after having your foot looked at, so maybe you should return to the first aid tent for a follow-up just in case.
Toya: I agree. It'd be a shame if it got worse after you got home.
Rui: I'm not sure it'll get worse. It doesn't hurt nearly as bad as before, so I should be okay.
Emu: But you might've had so much fun during our show that you just don't realize how much pain you're actually in...!
An: Yeah, she's right! Your body might be full of so much adrenaline right now that it's masking the pain!
Nene: Yeah, you probably should take it easy...
Akito: ...
An: Hm? Akito, where are you going?
Tsukasa: Wait, that's it!!
Kohane: What are you two doing...?
Rui: I appreciate how you're all concerned for my well-being, but I really doubt that it's going to get that much worse...
Tsukasa: Here you are, Rui!
Rui: Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Here, have a seat!
Toya: On a dolly...?
Tsukasa: Yes, it's for moving big props around! By sitting on this, we'll be able to transport you around while minimizing the amount of work you have to do!
Toya: I see. That's a good idea. He should be able to fit as long as he tucks his knees in.
Rui: No, if we use the dolly for me, we won't be able to move our other things...
Emu: Heh heh heh♪ I have that covered...!
Tsukasa: Emu?
Emu: I told Shosuke about what happened and he said that he'll have someone come move our things!
Tsukasa: Nice work, Emu! Well done!!
Emu: Hehe♪
Rui: But... I still don't feel great about being waited on like this...
Akito: Kamishiro...
An: A-Akito, where were you just now? What is that? Ice...?
Akito: I asked the man running the drinks stall over there for some.
Akito: Please, use this.
Rui: ...
Akito: Is something wrong?
Rui: No, nothing's wrong. Thank you all very much. Then, if you don't mind transporting me, I'll use this to ice my foot.
An: Get well soon, Kamishiro!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Stage Area]

Nene: E-Everyone's staring at us...
Rui: We stand out quite a bit. I'm not sure if there's anything we can do about that.
Tsukasa: That's not a problem! And there's no need for the patient to mind them!
Rui: Hehe. Then, I'll try to sit back and relax. Although, my bottom does hurt a bit...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Oh! Welcome, everyone!
KAITO: We've been waiting for you, and we're all set to practice.
Rui: Thank you for filling in for me this past week, KAITO. I really appreciate it.
KAITO: No, it was my pleasure. I'm just glad to see that you're all better now, Rui.
MEIKO: Oh, he's right. The bandage you had on your arm's gone!
Rui: Yes, it is. The cuts and scratches I had are all healed now.
Len: What about your sprain? Had that healed?
Rui: It doesn't hurt anymore, so I should be able to start practicing with everyone again.
Emu: Oh, wait, Rui! I got a chance to ask Asahina about your injury!
Rui: You asked Asahina...? I see. Thank you. What did she say?
Emu: Um... She said that the pain might be gone but you shouldn't do anything too strenuous!
Rui: Ah, understood. In that case, I'll rest again today.
KAITO: For the sake of your show, Rui, we need to help you get better as quickly as possible. Until then, we'll need that thing again.
Miku (WxS): Yup☆ We'll need that chair again! I'll go get it for you, Rui!
Miku (WxS): Alright, we need a chair, stat!
Rin: Roger☆
Rin: Here you are, Rui.
Rui: Hehe. Thank you again.
Len: I'll be on chair duty tomorrow! You can count on me, Rui!
Tsukasa: Why does it seem like everybody wants to be on chair duty...?
KAITO: You became inundated with chairs during the first day, Rui. There were so many.
Emu: But it looks like fun...☆ I think I'll try being on chair duty the day after tomorrow.
Miku (WxS): I wanna do it too!
Luka: Oh, me three. Which chair would be... Zzz.
Nene: Get ready to see more chairs that day...
MEIKO: That means we'll be on call for clean-up duty, KAITO♪
KAITO: Aww, but...
Rui: Hehe. I really wasn't expecting to get such a royal treatment after getting injured. Thank you all very much.
Rin: You're welcome! I mean, we just want you to get well soon, Rui.
MEIKO: Exactly. Also, don't forget to keep resting when you're elsewhere.
Rui: I know. I've been able to take P.E. off, so I've definitely been able to take it easy.
Tsukasa: That goes for things outside of school as well! There are cases when testing your inventions can lead to... Well, unforeseen circumstances...
Len: Yeah! So even if you build a new drone, no chasing after it or whatever, okay?
Rui: Hehe. I understand. I'll rest as much as I can to let my injury heal.
Rui: Especially since I'd like to return to doing shows with all of you as soon as possible.
Emu: Rui...! Yeah! We'll do lots and lots once you're back☆
Tsukasa: Yes, we'll need you back as soon as possible!
Rui: To be fair, despite everything that happened, I thought we were rather fortunate...
Rui: Because under different circumstances, we may have had to call off our show. Luckily, my role didn't require me to appear on stage all that much.
Rui: After all, I'd rather avoid having to deviate from the script because of an injury...
Tsukasa: Gah, Rui, you're missing the point!
Tsukasa: We're not concerned about the show! We're concerned about you!
Emu: Yeah, he's right! What if you can't be in the show because you got hurt again?! That'd be the worst!
Miku & Rin: Yeah! We're worried about you!
Nene: Oh, Rui...
KAITO: You understand, don't you...?
Rui: Well, I mean...
Rui: No, you're all right. Tsukasa, Emu, everyone... I apologize for making you all have to worry so much about me.
Rui: I promise to be careful moving forward. I'll do my best not to get hurt.
Tsukasa: Okay... We'll be holding you to that!
Emu: Yeah! You have to keep your promise!
Emu: Anyway, let's start practicing for our next show!
(Black cut)
