522_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Blowing In The Evening Breeze (event_74)

Gacha phrase: Oh... I see. Actually, I...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Museum of Emerging Technologies - Main Gate Plaza]

Tsukasa: Hey, Rui! Can we take this stuff away?
Emu: Is there anything else that needs carrying?
Rui: Oh, everything's okay over here. Thank you, Tsukasa, Emu.
Tsukasa: Anytime! Alright, Emu, let's go. I'll push the dolly, so you keep an eye on it to make sure everything stays put.
Emu: Roger dodger!!
Rui: Okay, that just leaves...
Rui: Nene...?
Nene: If you're free, can you lend me a hand...? We still haven't cleaned up all the flower confetti yet...
Rui: Okay, sure.
(Black cut)
Nene: ...
Rui: Hehe. Is something the matter, Nene?
Nene: Wh-Why do you ask...?
Rui: Because you've been staring at me for quite a while now.
Rui: Is there something you'd like to discuss? I suspect that you asked me to help clean because there is, no?
Rui: (To be fair, I already know why she's worried...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (Those two immediately noticed that I was behaving differently... And I couldn't say anything...)
Rui: Nene, if this is about what happened the other day...
Nene: Yeah, I know you're okay now.
Rui: What...?
Nene: I don't know what you and Asahi talked about, but I can tell that you feel much better now.
Nene: So, um...
Nene: Don't feel bad about not telling us about what happened. It's okay.
Rui: ...
Rui: So, did you wait all this time to tell me that?
Nene: Yeah. At the same time, when you said that “everything's okay”, it sort of felt like code for “something's wrong”.
Nene: But I'm sorry about not being able to handle this situation better. I didn't want to bring it back up with you since you seemed to be dealing with it okay...
Rui: No, Nene, I really appreciate it... Thank you.
Nene: You're welcome. But I kinda just got lucky with this one.
Nene: Emu also seems better now after seeing that you've gotten over whatever was bothering you.
Rui: I see... Still, I should probably go talk to her.
Rui: Regardless of what actually happened, I caused you both some bit of trouble. Right before our show too no less.
Nene: Yeah, I agree. You should go talk to her later...
Rui: Also... This is really it for our ambassadorial performances.
Nene: But we still get to do shows at the Wonder Stage, so let's start thinking about what we're gonna perform next.
Nene: Actually, Emu and Tsukasa might already have some ideas for that...
Rui: Hehe. There certainly is a high chance.
Rui: Also...
Rui: There are still plenty of things that I wish to do as the director of Wonderlands×Showtime.
Rui: The underwater show that Emu's been wanting to do being one of them...
Nene: *Nod*
Rui: Or having you and Robo-Nene float in the air while throwing in a few explosions...
Nene: Yeah... Hm? H-Hold on...
Rui: Also, I have plenty of ideas that will challenge Tsukasa by putting his physical limits to the test!
Rui: Hehe... Hehehe...!
Nene: I-I'm glad you're enjoying yourself...
Rui: Yes, this couldn't be more fun!
Rui: (Because we're all together.)
Rui: Anyway, Nene, let's clean everything so we can go meet back up with Tsukasa and the others!
Nene: Okay, okay.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): When are they gonna get here?!
Rin: I can't wait!
KAITO: Hehe. I'm sure they'll be here soon.
Miku (WxS): Oh, hi, everyone☆ Welcome♪
Rui: Ah, were you all awaiting our arrival?
MEIKO: Well, we did ask for you all to come here!
Len: Yeah! Thanks for stopping by on such short notice!
Tsukasa: It's our pleasure! Now, what is this thing that you said you wanted to show us...?
Emu: Yeah☆ We've really been wondering what you had in store for us.
Miku (WxS): You'll get to see it right away! But first, we'll need to head over to the stage♪
Nene: The stage? Does that mean we get to see a show...?
Rui: Hehe. I believe so.
Miku (WxS): C'mon, Rui! We gotta hurry☆
Rui: Yes, I'm right behind you. There's no need to pull.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (WxS): Everyone! Rui and the others are here!
Birdie Plushie: Welcome! We've been waiting for you!
Rui: Oh, you're...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Birdie Plushie: B-But...!
Birdie Plushie: As lonely as it was, I had fun!
Birdie Plushie: I got to do what I really wanted to do, and it ended up being super duper fun!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Birdie Plushie: I got to do a show all by myself, but I still wanted to do one with everybody.
Birdie Plushie: Then, Miku and the others helped come up with a flying show that we can all do.
Miku (WxS): And that's what we're here to show you today☆
Rui: Ah, I see...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku (WxS): Actually, I realized just now that I really understand how Birdie felt...
Miku (WxS): As lonely as it was to do a show all alone, it must've been really fun to do everything they wanted...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (Our feathered friend, Miku and all the others must've thought very hard on this while we were away.)
Rui: (But...)
Birdie Plushie: We're not using the flying train, but it's still really great! We all really get to fly!
Rui: (They're all smiling...)
Rui: Yes, I'll be looking forward to seeing that.
MEIKO: Miku, we're all set over here!
Luka: Us too. Zzz...
Len: No, Luka, don't fall asleep here! Wake up!
Rui: Alright, shall we head to the seats?
Tsukasa: Yes! We're looking forward to seeing your show, Miku!
Emu: Break a leg, Birdie!
Birdie Plushie: Thanks! I hope you're ready!
Miku (WxS): Alright... It's showtime!!
(Black cut)
Emu: That was such an amazing show!
Tsukasa: Indeed! The way they used all those different jumping techniques was very interesting!
Rui: The main flying scene was also spectacular. Not only did they have some fun wire stunts, they made it feel so real by cleverly moving their backdrops around. 
Len: Awesome! That means it was totally worth the effort!
Rin: Yeah!
Birdie Plushie: I was really surprised when they told me about that part! I didn't know you could do anything like that!
Miku (WxS): We thought really long and hard about it because we wanted to fly with you☆
Birdie Plushie: Hehe. Thanks, everyone! That makes me feel really happy!
KAITO: You're very welcome.
Rui: (The joy of being able to put on the show you want alongside your friends with the stunts and effects you were hoping for...)
Rui: (Nothing beats that honestly.)
Tsukasa: Hm? Rui, you seem awfully happy!
Rui: Hehe. That's because we got to see a very fun show.
Rui: Miku, Birdie...
Miku (WxS): Yes?
Birdie Plushie: What's up?
Rui: Thank you for giving us such a wonderful show!
Miku & Birdie Plushie: You're very welcome! You're super welcome!
(Black cut)
