572_Rui Kamishiro_R4 I Can't Just Lose, Can I? (event_82)

Gacha phrase: This is just the beginning.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Rui's Room]

Rui: Now, since our table reads have been going so smoothly, I should start working on effects and such.
Rui: First, the scene where our hero pulls out the sword.
Rui: It's a key part of the opening sequence, so it needs to captivate and draw our audience in somehow... Not only that...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Hero (Tsukasa): “I do not know. I am no swordsman, nor do I possess the strength to break stone.”
Hero (Tsukasa): “At the same time, how long has this feeling lingered within me...?”
Hero (Tsukasa): “This inexplicable compulsion to protect the world. It feels as though it has been branded into my soul...”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: Hehe. I'll need to think of some things that will do Tsukasa's wonderful acting justice.
Rui: (Still, him attending a workshop...)
Rui: (He's always been very passionate about learning what he can about acting. Especially considering how he's been trying to get real-world experience by working as an extra and such.)
Rui: (So, I had a feeling that he'd eventually want to attend one of these someday...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (Tsukasa's doing everything he can to make his dream come true.)
Rui: (Nene and Emu also seem to have their own thoughts about it...)
Rui: And I...
Rui: (I'm still trying to find a way for us to all make our dreams come true together.)
Rui: (However...)
Rui: (I may have less time than I realize...)
Rui: No... Right now, I need to come up with ideas for our show.
Rui: Perhaps I should give this a little break...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rui: Oh, it's awfully quiet... It is pretty late. The others might be asleep already.
Rui: (I was hoping I could talk to someone to put my mind at ease...)
Rui: But I suppose I should also get some sleep so I can get up early to continue working...
???: Huh? Hey, it's Rui!
Luka: Oh, you're right. Good evening, Rui.
Rui: MEIKO, Luka, pardon the intrusion. I didn't realize that you two were still awake.
MEIKO: Oh, Luka can't seem to fall asleep because she slept a little too much during the day.
Luka: But it was so nice during the day. I couldn't not sleep...
MEIKO: Oh, you... Still, it did lead to us running into Rui.
MEIKO: Speaking of which, you came all by yourself. Did something happen?
Luka: Oh, she's right. And you seem a little down...
Rui: It's nothing serious.
Rui: I suppose my emotions have been distracting me from focusing on my directing work.
Rui: So, I thought coming here to talk to someone would do me some good.
Luka: Your emotions?
Rui: Actually, more like my own interests.
MEIKO: I see... That sounds complicated. I'll try not to pry too much.
Rui: Yes, it really is... Emotions are so complicated and can be so troublesome at times.
Rui: Humans have developed the ability to think logically, but are unable to fully control their emotions.
Rui: There are even times when one becomes completely overwhelmed by them...
Rui: If only someone else were able to help put a lid on them.
MEIKO: Rui...
Rui: Don't worry... I won't be so irresponsible as to force anyone to think for me or anything.
Rui: But I do apologize for dropping this on you two so suddenly. I should head back and...
Luka: “When someone's going through a hard time, you should take on that burden for them.”
Rui: Huh...?
Luka: Hehe. It's something KAITO says from time to time. Unfortunately, I'm not very good at that.
Rui: KAITO said that...?
MEIKO: Yes, he has a knack for coming up with solutions for other people's problems. As a result, he tends to spend quite a lot of time thinking of what to do for them.
MEIKO: Conversely, he gets very anxious whenever we decide to simply look out for them from a distance.
MEIKO: I sometimes have to firmly remind him that getting worked up like that is only going to make Rin and Len worry.
Rui: KAITO getting scolded? I'm having a hard time imagining that...
MEIKO: However, I understand how he feels since he wants to always see everyone smiling.
MEIKO: So, feel free to reach out to us whenever you like!
MEIKO: Although we can't completely take on your burdens, we'll be more than happy to be a shoulder to cry on, or help think of solutions!
Rui: I see. Thank you, MEIKO, Luka.
Rui: I'm already feeling much better after speaking with you two.
Luka: Hehe. That's wonderful to hear.
MEIKO: Again, you're welcome to visit whenever you like!
Rui: Yes, I appreciate it. For now, I'll see you later.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: Good wonderhoy, everyone☆
Miku (WxS): Hi, Emu! Hi, you guys! Welcome☆
Len: Is it true that we get to see your guys' show today?!
Rui: Yes, since we're back to doing our regular shows. We'd like to hear what you think and polish it up as much as we can.
Rin: Cool! I can't wait to see it! It's gonna be so much fun☆
Tsukasa: You won't be disappointed! So, let's head over to the stage!
Emu, Miku & Rin: Yeah♪
KAITO: Then, shall we?
Nene: Okay.
Len: Rui! Nene! Emu seems a lot better now!
Rui: Yes. We have you to thank for that, Len.
Len: Hehe. I wouldn't have been able to come up with that on my own. Everyone's ideas led me to it.
Rui: Everyone...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Alright, let's begin by getting the stage set up!
Rui: Then, I'll run a sound and lighting check. Can you all handle the rest?
Emu: Yeah! It'll be smooth sailing!
Tsukasa: Watch as we travel across the seven seas!
Nene: Thanks for handling all that, Rui.
Rui: Yes, of course.
(Black cut)
Rui: Okay, that should do it.
Rui: (Still... I haven't seen MEIKO or Luka at all today.)
Rui: (I thought they'd be at the stage, but...)
???: ...ka... Luka!
Rui: Hm? That voice...
Rui: Hello, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Oh, Rui, hello! Wait, is the show about to start?!
Rui: No, we're still setting everything up.
MEIKO: Thank goodness. That means Luka can snooze for a little longer.
Rui: Yes. We should be fine as long as she wakes up when it starts.
Rui: Also, now that Emu feels better, we've been able to get in some good practices. We have you and the others to thank for that, so we'd very much like you all to see it.
MEIKO: Hehe. Oh, stop.
Rui: No, I mean it.
Rui: I heard from Len that KAITO needed some help with something, which gave us the opportunity to ask you all about something that we'd been dealing with.
Rui: We have you and Luka to thank since you said that we were free to visit whenever we like.
Rui: As a result, we discovered a wonderful way to help Emu. So, I greatly appreciate what you did for us.
Luka: You're welcome... Zzz...
MEIKO: Oh, Luka... Look at you, Grinning while being sound asleep...
MEIKO: Anyway, we have you to thank as well since you were nice enough to help KAITO with what he needed.
Rui: No, you're always going out of your way to help us, so it only seems fair to give back somehow.
MEIKO: It's okay, really. I mean, after all, it's our job to understand how you're all feeling and support you however we can.
MEIKO: Well, I say that... But it's not going to stop any of you, is it?
Rui: Hehe. I guess not.
MEIKO: Don't worry. Whenever any of you need help, we'll be there to give you all the support we can♪
Rui: Thank you. We really appreciate it.
Luka: Zzz... If only I had a bed that could move on its own...
MEIKO: Huh?
MEIKO: Luka, what are you talking about?! Also, wake up already!
Rui: Hehehe.
(Black cut)
