601_Rui Kamishiro_R4 A Sudden Trial (event_87)

Gacha phrase: This is...horrifying...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[During break]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Rui: Tsukasa, about our next practice...
Tsukasa: Hmm...
Rui: (Hm...? He seems to be in deep thought.)
Rui: (Come to think of it, during our last break...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsukasa: Ah, we've invited Toya over to our house for a dinner party, and I was just reviewing the recipe for the dish we'll be making...
(White cut)
Tsukasa: Speaking of which, Rui, let me hear what you think! I've been trying to decide which of these dishes we should make...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Rui: Are you having trouble deciding what to cook for your party, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Hm? Ah, Rui!
Tsukasa: Thanks to you, we were able to whittle down our list of candidates. All that's left is for me to discuss this with Saki.
Rui: That's good to hear. Then, what's bothering you so much?
Tsukasa: So, I was wondering how we should present everything...
Rui: How to present everything?
Tsukasa: Yes! Since we're throwing a dinner party, I want Toya to have as much fun as possible.
Tsukasa: And I, Tsukasa Tenma, future star, will be the host, so a normal party is absolutely out of the question.
Tsukasa: With that in mind, well... I want to do something special, you know?!
Rui: Hmm... Do you have any specific ideas in mind?
Tsukasa: So...
Tsukasa: For starters, I thought we could put up more decorations than we would for even Christmas!
Rui: Okay, and then?
Tsukasa: And then... Um...
Tsukasa: I, Tsukasa Tenma, future star, shall put on a dinner show!
Tsukasa: I'll entertain the others while putting on a performance for them! Saki and Toya will surely enjoy it!
Rui: I see. That does sound fun.
Rui: (He's come up with a good plan, and it certainly suits him very well.)
Rui: (However...)
Rui: By the way, Tsukasa... You and Saki have known Aoyagi since you were all very little, yes?
Tsukasa: Hm? Yes, that's correct.
Tsukasa: Back then, Toya would often come over to our house whenever his parents were away for work.
Tsukasa: Because of that, we've become as close as brothers!
Rui: Yes, Aoyagi mentioned that when I spoke with him.
Rui: And because you're so close with him, you've decided to invite him over to your house for this dinner party...
Rui: Decorations sound fine and all, but I honestly don't think you need to do much else.
Tsukasa: Ah, Rui, I knew you'd under...
Tsukasa: Wait, what...?! We don't need to do anything else?!
Rui: Hehe. Thank you for the wonderful reaction. You get full marks for that.
Rui: And it's clear to me that you wish to do as much as you can for Aoyagi.
Rui: Not only that, but he and Saki are the two biggest fans of Tsukasa Tenma, future star. So, bearing that in mind...
Rui: I feel that it'd be more appropriate to invite him over for a family gathering as opposed to a dinner show.
Tsukasa: ...! A family gathering...?
Rui: Yes.
Rui: You'd be cooking for him so that he'll smile and enjoy himself. As a member of your family...
Rui: Hehe. And if the situation calls for it, I say put on a show for your fans...
Rui: After all, the three of you as you normally are, as well as the dishes you prepare, will be at the core of this party.
Tsukasa: Y-Yes, you're right...!
Rui: Putting on a performance is a nice idea, but between the dishes you'll be preparing and enjoying together...
Rui: I feel that's going to be more than enough.
Tsukasa: Wh-Whoooaaa...!!!
Tsukasa: I got so ahead of myself that I was about to forget our main goal! How could I have let this happen?!
Tsukasa: Thank you, Rui!
Rui: Hehe. You're welcome.
Rui: Oh, there's the bell.
Tsukasa: Ah, I apologize for taking up so much of your time. I didn't even give you a chance to talk.
Rui: That's okay. We can discuss all that before our next practice. So, I'll be back.
Tsukasa: Of course! Again, Rui, thank you!
Rui: (Still, White Day...)
Rui: (Nene and Emu gave me some wonderful gifts for Valentine's Day...)
Rui: (Hehe. I should start thinking of what to give in return.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rui: Hello, everyone! I'm here!
Nene: Oh, there you are.
Tsukasa: You're late, Rui. Also, why are you the last to arrive? You were the one who asked us to gather.
Rui: I apologize for that. I ended up having to carry more things than I initially realized.
Miku (WxS): Welcome, Rui♪
Rin: You guys are gonna do something really fun today, right?
Rui: Yes, we are.
MEIKO: Wonderful! What do you have in store for us? I'm looking forward to finding out♪
Rui: Hehehe. Then, why don't we get started? For White Day...
Emu: What?! White Day?!
Rui: Robo-Nene, would you mind bringing them over?
Robo-Nene: Roger.
Tsukasa: Huh?! What's with this mountain of things?
Rui: Can you guess? I'll give you all some time to think while I get everything set up.
Len: Oh, that sounds fun! Let's get started!
Rui: Alright, I'll begin by putting all the parts together. Robo-Nene...
Robo-Nene: Understood. Here is the portable stove, steel roller and the tools for putting everything together.
KAITO: A portable stove and steel roller?
Miku (WxS): Wait! Are you guys gonna do the thing where you light a bunch of big sticks on fire and twirl them around as you dance?!
Tsukasa: What?! No, I refuse to partake in that!
Nene: How did you arrive on that? I mean, who prepares a fire dance for someone as a White Day gift?
Rui: That took me by surprise as well...
Rui: You were actually very close when you said that the roller would be set ablaze.
Nene: What?!
Emu: That's amazing, Miku☆ You were super close!
Miku (WxS): Heehee♪
Rui: Hehe. You may figure it out once you see the rest of the ingredients.
Robo-Nene: Flour, sugar, eggs, milk and butter.
Rin: Oh! Isn't that everything you need to bake some sweets...?
Len: Yeah! But what's that weird rod for?
Emu: Hmm...
(Black cut)
Rui: Okay, it's all set.
MEIKO: Wow, you put your little device together so fast!
Rui: Rin, Len, thank you for helping make the batter.
Rin & Len: You're welcome!
Tsukasa: Hmm... I was sure he was going to use that roller on the batter, but he ended up attaching some sort of handle to it.
Tsukasa: It even has a little arm on it that seems to allow it to move between the tray of batter and the stove...
KAITO: Hmm... The batter and that rod... It gets roasted...? Wait, that's it!
Rui: Ah, excellent. KAITO, I take it that you've figured it out?
Rui: So, I'll reveal the answer while getting to work on it.
Rui: Robo-Nene, is the spit heated up?
Robo-Nene: Yes, it is ready to use whenever.
Rui: Then...
Rui: Emu, Nene, I'll need you to both help me for this next part.
Emu: Okay! This is so exciting☆
Rui: Emu, you'll be in charge of moving the roller backwards and forwards. Nene, I'll need you to spin it.
Rui: So, Emu, starting with you! Use the arm to move the roller just above the tray of batter for me.
Emu: Roger! Here we go!
Rui: Good! Now, lower it into the tray.
Rui: Next, Nene! Spin the roller in such a way that the batter spreads evenly across it.
Nene: O-Okay... L-Like this?
Tsukasa: Oh, they've added a thin layer of batter!
Rin: Wow! What do you think they're making...?
Rui: That should do it, Nene. Emu, can you move the roller back above the flame...?
Nene: Oh, once it's hot, do I use the roller again to bake it...?
Rui: Precisely!
Rui: We'll repeat this process and bake it one layer at a time.
Rui: At first glance, this probably appears similar to how a tree gains a ring for each year it lives. Now, what delicious dessert shares that same characteristic?
Tsukasa: Tree rings...? Ah, of course!
Everyone: Baumkuchen! Baumkuchen!
Rui: Yes, that's correct!
Rui: So, why don't we all take turns spinning it?
Rui: I've designed it so that anyone can use it safely, but please be mindful of the stove.
Rin, Len & Miku: Okay! Cool☆
Luka: Mhm... Something smells delicious...
MEIKO: Oh, you're finally awake! Luka, let's make our Baumkuchen together!
KAITO: Hehe. Everyone's smiling. Thank you for preparing such a fun White Day celebration for us, Rui.
Rui: Of course. It's the least I could do considering how much you've all done for us.
Emu: Rui, it's getting pretty big now!
Rui: Alright, let's take it off the spit and see how it tastes.
(Black cut)
