649_Rui Kamishiro_R4 You Can Always Come To Us (event_95)

Gacha phrase: It's showtime!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Stage]

Rui: Hm...?
Rui: (She seems nervous...)
Rui: (I suppose it's only natural since we're going to start practicing the scene where the forest's birds all begin to appear as Rio chases after the phoenix.)
Rui: (Which includes the moment Nene appears for the very first time as the Cowardly Canary.)
Rui: Good morning, Nene.
Nene: Oh, Rui, morning.
Rui: This is it. Today, we get to see the fruits of all your labor.
Nene: What...?
Rui: Hm? Didn't you do a lot of research in order to achieve a strong grasp of the Cowardly Canary?
Rui: This is going to be your chance to see how well what you have right now fits into our show.
Rui: So, I'm very much looking forward to seeing your performance as the Cowardly Canary.
Nene: Rui...
Nene: Thanks...
Nene: The truth is, I'm still not happy with what I have. I'm actually a little worried...
Nene: But my plan is to use these practices to really become the Cowardly Canary before we open.
Rui: Yes, and I'll be doing the same.
Bird Cast Member: Oh, Kamishiro! I wanna practice the opening scene a bit! Mind giving me a hand?
Rui: Of course! I'll see you again in a bit, Nene.
Nene: Okay, I'm gonna go practice too.
(Black cut)
Bird Cast Members: “♪————”
Emu: Wow, everyone sounds amazing! It already feels like the real thing!
Rui: Yes, as we should expect from the cast of the Phoenix Stage.
Rui: And they look so natural. We stand to learn quite a lot from them.
Emu: Yeah...!
(Black cut)
Bird Cast Member: Oh, practice is about to start... Let's all head over!
Emu: Okay♪
Nene's Voice (Nene): “♪————...”
Rui: Nene?
Rui: (She seems to not want to waste even a second.)
Nene: “H-Huh?! Who's there...?!”
Nene: “N-No, stay away...!”
Nene: “Oh... I-I'm sorry... But please... Go somewhere else...”
Rui: I hate to break your concentration, Nene, but practice is about to start.
Nene: Huh...? Oh, you're right. Thanks for letting me know.
Rui: You're welcome. So, shall we?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Rui: Okay, I'll be going now. See you all tomorrow...
Emu: *Nod* See you tomorrow.
Rui: (Nene's habits, eh...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Director: As for your singing, it simply won't do at this rate.
Nene: What...?
Director: Your character sings two songs in total during this show. The second one in particular plays a vital role in changing how Rio and the phoenix view one another.
Director: As your current rate, you're going to struggle to move the audience. At the moment, Kusanagi, your singing sticks out just that much.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (In the end, we were neither able to find the root cause nor give her any usable advice...)
Rui: (I can help when it comes to acting, but my knowledge surrounding singing is very basic.)
Rui: (Because of that, Nene's been the one who's been teaching our troupe how to sing.)
Rui: (Did we rely on her too much...?)
Rui: (After all, it's a director's duty to give actors opportunities to grow...)
Rui: (This is very similar to what happened that other time...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rui: I regret not putting more thought into this...
Nene: More thought? What do you mean...?
Rui: Until now, I kept assigning roles to Tsukasa that I thought would help bring out his potential...
Rui: His goal in life is “to become a world-famous star”. In retrospect, I regret not pushing his boundaries by assigning him more challenging roles.
Rui: In other words, I regret not thinking ahead more...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (I still have a long road ahead of me as a director.)
Rui: (But I should find a solution to this problem instead of beating myself up...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rui: Okay, everyone. Do we all know what our tasks are?
Emu: Yup♪ We'll be making the pom-poms☆
Len: And we're gonna come up with the choreography.
Rin: Let's do our best, plushies♪
Plushies: Yeah!
Rui: It's wonderful to see so many of you here.
Kitty Plushie: We're here because we wanna give Nene our support!
Bunny Plushie: We promise to become really good dancers!
Rui: Thank you very much. But I'm hoping that you enjoy yourselves, so let's all try to have fun with this.
Tsukasa: Agreed! After all, this video is meant to cheer Nene up and give her a boost of encouragement!
Rui: (Everyone sounds so motivated considering how quickly we decided to implement KAITO's idea.)
Rui: (But it seems that we all want to do what we can for Nene right now.)
Tsukasa: So, let's show her that we're here for her! Let's send her all the cheers and words of encouragement we can!
Everyone: Yeah☆ Yeah! Yes!
Rui: Tsukasa, would you mind working with KAITO on hammering out all the details for our video?
Tsukasa: Yes, of course!
Rui: Everyone, please feel free to ask Tsukasa, KAITO or myself if you have any questions.
Everyone: Okay☆ Okay!
Rui: Then, let's get started!
(Black cut)
Rui: Emu, how's your group doing?
Emu: Hi, Rui! Look! We already have a ton made☆
MEIKO: These pom-poms are for us, and the ones Luka and Miku are making are for the plushies!
Miku (WxS): Aren't they so fluffy and adorably tiny☆
Rui: Yes, they look wonderful. Keep up the good work and we should have enough for everyone.
Luka: Hehe... These pom-poms are so fluffy... They feel so much like sheep that... *Yawn*
Emu: Luka, hang in there! Just a few more!
Miku (WxS): Then, take this! An anti-sleepyhead pom-pom attack! Feel the fluffiness!
Luka: Hehe. That tickles. But I do feel much more awake now.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: Everyone, how's the choreography coming along?
Rin: Great! We came up with something really cute☆
Len: They're gonna wave their hands while cheering and jumping in the air!
Doggie Plushie: Look! Look! Go! Go! Nene♪
Kitty Plushie: You can do it, Nene♪ Boing! Boing!
Rui: Hehe. You've certainly come up with a fun and energy-filled routine. The pom-poms should add a very nice touch.
Everyone: Woohoo♪ Woohoo!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Ah, Rui, you're here!
KAITO: How are the others doing?
Rui: Ah, they seem to be doing just fine, if not having fun at the same time.
KAITO: That's good to hear.
KAITO: Oh, also. We were trying to come up with a way to really surprise Nene. Do you have any ideas?
Tsukasa: You just saw what the choreography is going to look like, right? Any suggestions?
Rui: Hmm... Well...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Len: They're gonna wave their hands while cheering and jumping in the air!
(White cut)
Kitty Plushie: You can do it, Nene♪ Boing! Boing!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Rui: Yes, I think I have a fun idea.
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Everyone! Are you all ready?!
Everyone: Yeah! Yes!
Rui: Then, let's begin filming and have fun just like we rehearsed.
KAITO: Okay, I'm hitting record in... Five... Four... Three...
Emu: Hiii, Neneee!
Emu: How's singing practice going?! I hope you're not feeling too lonely.
Emu: Oh, I forgot. Robo-Nene's at home with you, right?!
Tsukasa: Emu, wait! You're getting off track!
Tsukasa: Ahem... Today, Nene, we're putting this video together in the hopes that it'll give you some encouragement!
Rui: We hope you get to watch this. Now, it's showtime!
Bunny Plushie: Go! Go! Nene!
Doggie Plushies: Boing! You can do it!
Birdie Plushies: We're all rooting for you!
Emu: Oh, the plushies are jumping so well☆
KAITO: Their routine has become just that much more dynamic thanks to the trampoline Rui suggested we use.
Tsukasa: A wonderful idea indeed! It's hard not to smile!
Rui: Hehe. There were some jumps already in the original routine, so I simply used that as a springboard.
Kitty Plushie: Yaaay! Boing!
Tsukasa: Wait, that seems a bit too...!
Kitty Plushie: O-Oh nooo! I-I'm flying too hiiigh!
Rui: Got you...! Are you okay?
Kitty Plushie: Yup! Thanks for catching me, Rui!
Rui: Hehe. Now, let's wave at the camera.
Kitty Plushie: We believe in you, Nene! You can do it!
Bunny Plushie: You can do it! We're all rooting for you!
Tsukasa: Rui with some nice ad-libbing!
KAITO: Yes, an excellent save!
Miku (WxS): Alright, get ready♪ We're up next☆
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)
