669_Rui Kamishiro_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: Hehe, it's been nothing but surprise celebrations.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - Rooftop]

Rui: Despite the usual weather around this time, we've got clear skies and ample sunlight today.
Rui: Robo-Nene, do you copy?
Robo-Nene's Voice: <Yes, I can hear you.>
(Background change)
(Background change)
Rui: Please calculate the sun's position and adjust the hose accordingly. We'll activate in fifteen minutes.
Robo-Nene's Voice: <Roger.>
Rui: I'm heading over now.
Rui: Alright, all that's left is to check the hose attached to Robo-Nene...
Rui: Hm?
Mizuki: Oh, there you are! Hey Rui!
Rui: Hello Mizuki, I didn't realize you were at school today. Did you come here for a quick nap?
Mizuki: Haha. I'd love to since the weather is nice and all. But I actually have something more fun in mind♪
Mizuki: Hey, what are you guys waiting for? Hurry up and get over here!
Rui: You guys...?
An: Hello Kamishiro!
Akito: Hey...
Toya: Apologies for bothering you during lunch.
Rui: Oh, so you brought company. Did you come here to have lunch together?
Rui: I've just finished up here, so feel free to use the space.
Toya: Oh... Please wait, Kamishiro.
An: We're all here because we have something to tell you!
Rui: Something to tell me?
Mizuki: Yup♪ Big smiles, everybody! C'mon Li'l Bro, you too.
Mizuki: We're a day early, but... Happy birthday, Rui!
An, Akito, & Toya: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Rui: You all came here just to wish me a happy birthday?
Mizuki: Sure did! But hey! Rui, don't you have anything better to say?
Rui: Oh, of course.
Rui: Thank you, everyone. I really appreciate it.
Mizuki: Phew! Good thing I remembered that it's your birthday this weekend. That was a close one, right, An?
An: Akito and Toya were the ones who said, “Since we're all here today, let's go wish him a happy birthday!”
Akito: Hey, don't go making things up. You and Akiyama dragged us along without saying anything.
Mizuki: That's because you would've made a mad dash as soon as we told you.
Akito: *Sigh* It's his birthday, I wouldn't have been against it. He's helped us out sometimes, I guess.
Toya: It's rather unfortunate that we didn't have enough time to prepare a gift.
An: Yeah. Speaking of which, Mizuki, why didn't you tell us earlier?
Mizuki: That's what I was saying before. I only remembered last night.
Rui: Hehe, please don't worry about it. I appreciate the sentiment more than anything.
Akito: I find that hard to believe coming from you...
Toya: Akito...
Toya: Oh, that reminds me. After Akiyama reached out to us, I also invited Kusanagi.
Toya: But it seemed like she was being mindful of us...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Nene: Oh... Our troupe is throwing a birthday party to celebrate tomorrow, so...
Nene: Please, go ahead and celebrate without me. I'm sure it would make Rui really happy.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: Really? Nene said that?
Rui: (She was most likely half being considerate and half anxious about being with people she's not so familiar with.)
An: Will you be having the party at your house, Kamishiro?
Rui: No, we've got a small venue booked. We're planning to celebrate after our rehearsal.
Mizuki: What? You're still going to practice on your birthday? You really do love shows.
Rui: Well I'd say that also applies to Tsukasa and the others. After all, we are all show addicts.
Toya: And I'm certain that you and your troupe will make many more people smile with your shows.
Rui: Hehe, that is what we're striving for.
Akito: By the way, what were you doing up here? You didn't look like you were in the middle of eating lunch...
Rui: Hm? The last few days have been rainy and humid, no? Since it's such a wonderful day outside, I was simply enjoying the sunlight.
Akito: Huh? You really think we're going to believe that?
An: Kamishiro... I don't really want to have to tell you this, but if you're planning on doing something bad then please confess now.
Rui: I would never do such a thing. I'm merely a director who just wishes to put smiles on people's faces.
Rui: On that note, if you all stay here for a little longer you'll soon witness something delightful.
Toya: Something...delightful?
An: *Gasp* I knew it! You are planning something!
Mizuki: Hey, c'mon on now! Since it's his birthday tomorrow, how about we let this one slide♪
Rui: Well then everyone, I will now be taking my leave!
An: Hey, wait...!
Rui's Voice (Rui): Thank you for the birthday wishes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Schoolyard]

Rui: Apologies for the wait, Robo-Nene.
Robo-Nene: Calculations and adjustments completed. Ready for activation.
Rui: I knew I could count on you.
Rui: Seems like the hose is perfectly attached to your arm. Excellent. We are all set to go.
Robo-Nene: Engaging...
Rui: Here we go. Let's start the countdown!
Robo-Nene: Initiating in five seconds...
Robo-Nene: Three... Two... One...
Robo-Nene: Fire!
(Background change)
Mizuki: Whoa! Hey, look down there!
(Background change)
Tsukasa: I think that brings today's student council meeting to...hm? Rain? On a sunny day like this?
Class Representative: You're right. But it only seems to be raining in the schoolyard...
Class Representative: What? That doesn't sound right...
Students: Hey, you guys! Look outside! It's so pretty!
Nene: Pretty?
Nene: Oh...
(Background change)
Mizuki: So this is what Rui meant by delightful, huh.
Toya: Yes... What a beautiful rainbow.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: We did it. With this, we'll be able to have rainbows in our shows.
Rui: Alright, Robo-Nene. Let's leave before the teachers catch us.
Robo-Nene: Roger.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Rui's Birthday]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: Alright, everyone. Let's do this just like we practiced.
Rui: Oh, it seems like everyone is already here.
Emu: Ah! Hey Rui! Let's give it our best again today♪
Rin: Hehehe♪ I can't wait for the birthday party after practice!
Tsukasa: Yes! I'm also looking forward to AFTER practice!
Rui: Hm...?
Nene: C-C'mon Rui. Don't just stand there, let's get ready.
(Black cut)
Rui: “What's this? It appears that you've brought quite the flock with you, Mr. Inspector.”
Tsukasa: “Yes. Today is the day I will finally capture you, Phantom Thief Ladron!”
Rui: “Ladron? Just another word for robber, hm? I beg that you stop with these painful nicknames.”
Tsukasa: “Silence! I'll have you know it's rather befitting for lowly scum such as yourself!”
Tsukasa: “All of you! Cease him with all of your might!”
Plushies: “Yeah!”
Rui: “Hehe. Careful now. The area around you is bit dark. Allow me to shed some light for you...”
Plushies: “W-W-WHOA!”
Tsukasa: “Ack! What is this light?! It's blinding me!”
Rui: “Hehehe. Ciao, Mr. Inspector♪”
(Background change)
KAITO: Everything is going well so far. Now it's time to initiate our plan.
Emu: Hehehe♪ Here we go, everyone!
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: “We have you cornered, Phantom Thief Ladron.”
Rui: “To think that my clients were actually working for you all this time... I suppose you got me.”
Tsukasa: “Interesting. You've gone awfully quiet for once. Where has your usual vigor gone?”
Rui: “I could say the same for you, Mr. Inspector. You're not one to think twice before charging in head first.”
Tsukasa: “Well...”
Rui: “You learned the truth, didn't you? That I've only been stealing to help those orphans.”
Rui: “And those gadgets you caught me with...were used to save the children from the clutches of criminals...”
Tsukasa: “...”
Emu: “Sir... If we arrest him, those kids will...”
Nene: “She has a point. Those criminals might try to go after the kids again...”
Rui: “Arrest me, if you so wish.”
Tsukasa: “What?”
Rui: “Those without power in this city have suffered for years. But things only began to change when people with a sense of justice like you arrived...”
Rui: “Arrest me and you'll be crowned a hero overnight. With that reputation... I hope that you can change this city—”
Tsukasa: “I don't take orders from the likes of a thief!”
Tsukasa: “I became an officer to save and protect the weak! Who am I to rip away the only beacon of hope they have?!”
Emu: “Sir! Does this mean—”
Tsukasa: Is what I thought, but now I'm determined to put you in handcuffs!
Rui: (Huh? The inspector was supposed to let the thief go and propose joining forces to defeat the evil that lurks in the city together...)
Rui: Tsukasa—
Tsukasa: We cannot afford to let you escape today! All because...
Tsukasa: If we do, we won't be able to celebrate your birthday!
Rui: ...!
Luka: Would you please do the honors, plushies?
Plushies: Feast on this! Plushie shower!!!
Rui: From above?! Whoa!
Len: Hehehe. Don't forget that we're here too!
Rin: We've got you, Rui♪
KAITO: Hehe. Operation plushie snuggle storm was a success!
Miku (WxS): Okay everyone, on the count of three♪ One, two...three☆
Everyone: Rui!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Rui: …
Rui: Heh... Hehe, hehe...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsukasa: Yes! I'm also looking forward to AFTER practice!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Rui: (I see now. They were trying to throw me off by emphasizing “after.”)
Rui: You all got me. I never would've expected a surprise in the middle of rehearsal.
Plushies: Hurray! It was a success!
Emu: Yeah! We did it, everyone♪
Miku (WxS): Out of the way, coming through! Here it is☆
MEIKO: Rui! We prepared you a birthday cake♪ Now go ahead and blow the candles!
Rui: Don't mind if I do...
Miku (WxS): Rui, happy birthday☆
Emu & Nene: Happy birthday!
Rui: Thank you, everyone.
Tsukasa: Looking forward to another year with you, Rui.
Rui: Me too!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000204/bg_s000204.png)
Mizuki: Rui! Happy birthday!
Kohane, An, Akito & Toya: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Kohane: Kamishiro, I heard that you did an experiment that created a big rainbow in the schoolyard! Just thinking about the possibility of you using it on the Wonder Stage makes me excited!
Toya: I'm also looking forward to it. I am certain that it will make your shows even more wonderful.
Akito: How carefree... Well the rainbow was pretty and there were loads of people taking photos of it.
Mizuki: Speaking of, just as I thought we'd pulled off a great surprise for you, you went and one-upped us like that!
An: Who would've thought? By the way Kamishiro, as a hall monitor, I need to ask you to please keep those to a minimum, okay?
Tsukasa: Rui! Once again, happy birthday!
Emu & Nene: Happy birthday!
Emu: Hehehe☆ The birthday surprise was a success!
Nene: It was. It's not every day you get to see a surprised look like that on Rui's face.
Tsukasa: Ah, yes. A testament to my flawless acting skills, honed through years of hardship.
Tsukasa: However, it is thanks to you and the others that I've been able to keep improving. I'm looking forward to another year with you.
Emu: From blazing fires to flashing lightning, let's keep doing lots of fun effects, Rui!
Nene: I'll keep pushing myself in any way I can. I'm looking forward to other interesting effects you come up with.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: From school to rehearsal, today's just been one surprise after another.
Rui: I wonder... Is this something that everyone experiences? I've rarely been on the receiving end of a surprise, so I wasn't really sure how to react.
Rui: Anyway, I believe it is now my turn to render everyone speechless.
Rui: I'll continue to do my best to keep putting on outstanding shows, so I hope you look forward to them.
(White cut)
