703_Rui Kamishiro_R3 Troubled At Midnight (event_104)

Gacha phrase: This is it for us...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Rui: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Keisuke: As I just mentioned, you becoming freelancers poses many problems for us.
Keisuke: However, we're also not in a position to force you to stay on your current contracts.
Keisuke: We'll consider your proposal... Let us hope that it works out for both parties in the end.
Rui: ...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (We weren't able to reach a resolution, but our discussion still ended up being quite worthwhile.)
Rui: (Especially since they agreed to allow me to invite Emu on this endeavor.)
Rui: (But whether or not she agrees is ultimately up to her.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rui: When the time comes for them to say that they wish to leave the Wonder Stage, will you try to follow in their footsteps?
Emu: Nope.
Emu: Because my dream is to protect Grandpa's amusement park and keep it the way it is.
Emu: And make a place where everyone smiles!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (Emu deeply cares about Phoenix Wonderland, from the bottom of her heart...)
Rui: (I shouldn't get in the way of her dream...)
Rui: (But I...)
Rui: (I want the four of us to make our dreams come true together. I don't want to give up on that...)
Rui: What am I supposed to do in this situation...?
???: Huh? Rui...?
Rui: ...!
Rui: Emu...?!
Emu: Are you heading back to the Wonder Stage?
Emu: We thought you were gonna go straight home after you took care of that thing you were talking about. I just said bye to the others after finishing up practice and...
Rui: What...?
Rui: (I'm at Phoenix Wonderland...? But why? I thought I was on my way home...)
Rui: (This isn't good... I can't seem to get the conversation I had with her brothers out of my mind.)
Emu: Rui...?
Rui: Oh, um...
Rui: I've finished doing that thing I mentioned, but I got the feeling I'd left something here.
Emu: Oh, okay...
Emu: Want me to help you look?
Rui: No, thank you. I should be fine.
Emu: Okay...
Rui: Emu, there's something I'd like to ask you...
Emu: Sure, what's up?
Rui: ...
Rui: Would it be possible for us to talk tomorrow...?
Emu: Tomorrow? Not now...?
Rui: Yes. This matter also involves Tsukasa and Nene.
Rui: So, I'd like to discuss it when we're all present.
Emu: Okay, got it!
Rui: ...
Rui: I'll let you know once I have a better idea of when we can all meet. For now, see you tomorrow.
Emu: See you then♪
Rui: My hope is that I'll get the same sort of positive response tomorrow...
Rui: (I can't bring myself to give up being with them.)
Rui: (I've finally found the best of friends in Tsukasa, Nene and Emu.)
Rui: (So, I'm going to spend every second I have left to think of a way for us to stay together while pursuing our dreams.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Neighborhood]

Nene: *Sigh* How long has it been since we last cried so much?
Nene: We should cool our faces off when we get home if we don't want them to swell up tomorrow.
Rui: Yes...
Nene: But I'm glad... The four of us get to keep doing shows together.
Rui: Yes. I'm also really glad.
Nene: Hey, don't you have more to say than just that...?
Rui: I'm listening. I wasn't trying to be curt.
Rui: Though, I was also thinking about something else.
Nene: Something else...?
Rui: Hehe. About our show, of course.
Rui: The anniversary show we'll be doing for Phoenix Wonderland will be our last as members of its cast.
Nene: You really are a show maniac, huh?
Nene: Anyway, lemme guess, you just came up with an interesting idea for a stunt?
Rui: No, actually... I was just thinking that we could change the ending slightly.
Rui: After all, it's supposed to be about us.
Nene: Yeah, true.
Nene: So, what did you have...?
Rui: Hm? A message...?
Nene: Oh, it's from Tsukasa. “Can we meet a little earlier than usual tomorrow?”
Rui: I don't mind... But what could this be about?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Ah, thank you all for coming!
Nene: Geez... How are you able to shout like that so early in the morning?
Emu: Nene! Are you still feeling sleepy?!
Nene: Huh...?! Emu, why are you copying him?!
Emu: Because it looked like fun!!!
Tsukasa: Hey, I wasn't finished speaking!!!
Rui: So, Tsukasa!!! Why did you ask us to gather so early?!
Nene: Ugh...! Stop being so obnoxious, you guys!!!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Ahem. Now, as for why we're here.
Tsukasa: It's about “The Traveling Troupe”, the show we'll be doing for the anniversary show. I was thinking that we could change the ending a little.
Emu: What?!
Rui: Oh...
Nene: Hey, Rui...
Rui: This is perfect. I was also thinking yesterday about making the same suggestion.
Tsukasa: Ah, I should expect no less from our director! I take it you also felt somewhat unsure about how it currently ends?
Emu: You mean the line, “And they made shows together forever after”...?
Rui: Yes. As things stand, that ending is not entirely inaccurate.
Rui: But I feel that there's a happy ending out there which reflects us better.
Rui: Like the one from the show that MEIKO and the others did for us.
Emu: Oh...!
Tsukasa: Also, I was thinking...
Tsukasa: This show is going to be the last one we do as cast members of Phoenix Wonderland.
Tsukasa: Emu's brothers also mentioned that they'll announce us leaving to become freelancers beforehand...
Tsukasa: So what if we changed things around a little to make it sound more like, “We'll be back bigger and better than before!” You know, for everyone there to see us...?
Emu: Oh, that's an amazing idea!
Emu: I was actually a little worried that some of the visitors would be sad to hear that they won't get to see us do shows anymore.
Emu: But if we can tell them that we'll be back...!
Rui: Then, I believe we're in agreement.
Rui: Let's come up with a new happy ending for “The Traveling Troupe”.
Tsukasa, Emu & Nene: Yeah! Okay!
(Black cut)
