720_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Talking At Dusk (event_107)

Gacha phrase: I've been having fun myself.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama High School]

Rui: I came to ask Tsukasa if he wanted to eat lunch together, but...
(Background change)
(Background change)
Rui: It seems he's hard at work ahead of our session after school.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: I...might be held back a year!
(White cut)
Tsukasa: There are going to be supplementary classes all through next week, and there's a test on the last day that will determine whether I'm held back or not.
(White cut)
Tsukasa: I've swallowed my pride to ask something of you. Please, help me study!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: But I'm not surprised that Tsukasa's already started studying by lunch break.
Rui: I'd hate to distract him, so I suppose I'll go to the school store alone.
???: Kamishiro!
Rui: Oh, hello Aoyagi.
Toya: Excuse me for approaching you out of the blue. Do you have a moment?
Rui: I do indeed. How can I help you?
Toya: There's something I'd like to ask you about.
Rui: Ask me? Hm... Would you care to share?
Toya: Certainly. Akito and Shiraishi have been placed in supplementary classes, and they're at risk of being held back a year.
Toya: The classes will be held every day this week after school, starting today. I know that they've brought this on themselves by being inattentive to their studies.
Toya: If possible, I would like to make sure they enter second year alongside me, not only as my teammates, but also as my cherished friends.
Rui: I see.
Toya: And for that reason...
Toya: I'm here because I would greatly appreciate it if you could help me, Kamishiro.
Rui: Why me?
Toya: For one thing, you're far more intelligent than I am. Also...
Toya: You have taught me many things in the past, and always in very easy-to-understand terms.
Rui: Is that so?
Toya: Yes. Take, for example, the time I was an extra in that wedding ceremony.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: Ah, yes. We put on a wonderful show thanks to all of you.
Toya: I think so too.
Toya: I had no acting experience, but I carried out that role thanks to your guidance, Kamishiro.
Toya: I believe that the ability to give such guidance is an innate talent of yours.
Toya: And that's why, if it's not too much trouble, I'm asking for your help.
Rui: Thank you, Aoyagi. Any praise of my work is always welcome.
Rui: (I want to help him if I can. He's been my junior for almost a year now.)
Rui: (But I have a previous engagement... It might be difficult to help Aoyagi too.)
Rui: (But, no...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rui: How about we take a group photo together?
(White cut)
Rui: Yes. I'd like to have something to commemorate this day with.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: Kamishiro?
Rui: Oh, sorry about that. I was lost in thought.
Rui: As it turns out, Tsukasa has also been placed in supplementary classes.
Toya: Tsukasa has?
Rui: Yes. And I've already promised to help him study, so I was thinking just now that it may be hard to also help you out this time.
Toya: I...see...
Rui: Which is why I have a suggestion...
Toya: You do?
Rui: What if we all gather in one location for a study session?
Toya: A study session...?
Rui: It would be easy to meet up after school since we'd have access to empty classrooms.
Rui: Of course, I'd have to be the one helping Tsukasa as I'm in his year, but I'd still be able to help you three.
Toya: But, wouldn't that be asking a lot of you?
Rui: Think nothing of it. Besides...
Rui: The school year is almost over, which means we'll soon be third-years, and you'll all be second-years.
Rui: I think it might be a good occasion to make some memories.
Toya: Making memories...
Toya: Yes, you're right. It's a wonderful idea.
Rui: Hehe, isn't it just? However, let's keep what I just said between you and me.
Rui: The stakes are high for the others, with the threat of being held back looming over them. If they knew what I was thinking, it might not be well received.
Toya: Yes, I agree.
Toya: Will you tell Tsukasa about the study group?
Rui: Yes, I'll speak to him later. We can hammer out the details when we meet after school.
Toya: Understood. Thank you for agreeing to this.
Rui: (Well... It really isn't like me to suggest something like making memories with a study session.)
Rui: Well then, I'd better go prepare. After all, our friends' academic futures hang in the balance.
Rui: I know I said all that, but... With their grades at stake, I need to be responsible.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[After the closing ceremony]

[Diner]

Tsukasa: Now, everyone! Do you have your glasses?!
Akito: Tsukasa, could you please use your indoor voice?
An: Ahaha... We sure are getting a lot of looks from other tables.
Tsukasa: Hmph. That was supposed to be my indoor voice... It seems people can't help but be drawn in by my voice.
Toya: Perhaps your enunciation is so well trained that your voice carries without you thinking about it.
Mizuki: Ahaha! Whaddya expect from a professional actor?
Tsukasa: There's no need to praise me so much. Even still, I don't want to be a bother to other customers. Could someone take my place?
Mizuki: How about Rui? He's in the same year as you.
Rui: I suppose I could. Though, I'd hate to steal the limelight when you three are the ones who made it through the supplementary classes...
An: No no no, that doesn't matter! Go on, Kamishiro!
Rui: Oh well. It's hard to say no to my junior.
Rui: Everyone, well done on making it through a tough week. Although it's somewhat belated, let's enjoy this little after-party!
Rui: On that note, cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
(Black cut)
Toya: Akiyama, would you mind sharing some of your French fries with us?
Mizuki: Sure thing! Grab me some serving plates!
Tsukasa: Thank you! We appreciate it!
Akito: Wait, what...?
Akito: Kamishiro... You've been really focused for a while now. What's up?
Rui: Oh, I'm removing the vegetables from this pizza.
Akito: Wait, do you not eat vegetables?
Rui: No, I do not. It is beyond my comprehension what anyone sees in these things.
Mizuki: Guess that hasn't changed. Wanna trade your broccoli for my salami?
Rui: Oh, I would be happy to. Thank you, Mizuki. Don't mind if I do...
(Black cut)
Rui: By the way, I heard from Mizuki that you three might have to leave partway through. Are you still okay for time?
An: Oh, that's okay! My dad canceled practice for today and told us to spend time with our friends!
An: He said, “They stayed back after school for a whole week for you, so go hang out with them.”
Rui: In that case, I'm glad.
(Black cut)
Toya: I'm going to get a drink. Where's the juice bar?
Akito: Oh, I saw it by the entrance.
Mizuki: Safe travels♪ I recommend a melon soda and cola mocktail! It's one part—
Akito: Hey, don't go giving him weird ideas.
Rui: I'll go with you, Aoyagi. I'd like to get a soup refill.
Toya: Okay, let's go together.
(Black cut)
Rui: Oh, by the way. I wanted to say something to you, Aoyagi.
Toya: To me? What is it?
Rui: I wanted to thank you again.
Rui: Both the study session and this after-party have been very fun. Also...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mizuki: Here you go!
(White cut)
Mizuki: An, I'm rooting for you to make it into second year armed with this!
An: Thank you, Mizuki! I'll make good use of it!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: I've seen new sides to everyone, and it's been a very good experience.
Rui: So, I want to thank you for coming to me about the supplementary classes.
Toya: It's me who should be thanking you, Kamishiro.
Toya: It's thanks to you and Mizuki that Akito and Shiraishi are going to join me in second year.
Toya: So, I'm truly grateful.
Toya: Not to mention... This has all made for a memorable end to my first year, too.
Rui: Hehe. Then I'm glad. That makes two of us coming out of this having made some memories.
Rui: Oh, it looks like we're missing out on the fun over there.
Toya: It does indeed. Why don't we go back and join them?
Rui: Yes, let's.
(Black cut)
