739_Rui Kamishiro_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Shopping Mall]

Rui: Now then... I got what I wanted, so it's time to head home.
Rui: (Still, I feel very fortunate that this shopping mall was carrying what I was looking for.)
Rui: (Shopping mall bookstores tend to carry a lot of stuff related to the entertainment industry, but to think I'd find something so technical...)
???: Huh? Rui?
Rui: Ah, what a coincidence. Are you also on your way home, Nene?
Nene: Yeah, I just finished meeting everyone on my committee. I needed a quick break, so I decided to take a little detour...
Nene: The bag you're carrying is from the bookstore in the mall, right? What did you buy?
Rui: Ah, it's the translated version of a book from abroad about directing.
Nene: Whoa, it's as thick as a dictionary! And the print's tiny...!
Nene: Translations of this kind of book always end up having the most difficult sentences. I'd have a lot of trouble getting through it...
Nene: But you've just breezed through them since we were little...?
Rui: It's not that I breezed through them... I've experienced enough of them now that they feel familiar.
Rui: In particular, when it came to mechanical engineering, books from overseas typically taught me the most.
Nene: Yeah, you did used to read a lot of books on machines and stuff.
Nene: But I feel that you've been reading more books about directing lately...
Rui: That's because the current me needs to know more about both directing and inventing.
Rui: Naturally, I still put effort into making anything that supports my directing, but I've started prioritizing learning recently...
Rui: The more I know about past events and various technologies, the more options I'll have when faced with similar concepts in show business.
Rui: This past year helped me realize that.
Nene: Yeah... I think I know what you mean.
Rui: You've also been reading quite a bit lately, right?
Nene: Yeah...
Nene: Seiryuin said that she always reads books during a show's rehearsal process so that she can better understand her character and the background of the story.
Nene: I never really put that level of effort in before, but now I have no choice but to follow her example...
Rui: That's wonderful to hear. However...
Rui: It moves me to see how the girl who spent all her time reading picture books has moved on to more difficult texts.
Nene: Picture books? How far back in time are you going...?
Nene: I'm a high schooler now. It's normal for me to read difficult books.
Rui: Hehe. Yes, you're right.
Rui: Still...
Rui: We've both come such a long way...
Nene: Rui...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: Remember how we used to play a lot and share books with each other?
Rui: We were both so enthralled by that rendition of The Little Mermaid that we couldn't stop talking about it.
Rui: We even tried making our own shows together... You acted and I directed.
Rui: Looking back, it was a bit similar to playing house...
Rui: But now, we're finally pursuing our dreams from back them.
Rui: How incredible is that?
Nene: It is...
Nene: The shows we did back then only involved the two of us...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: But now our numbers have grown.
Rui: Yes. This past year ended up being a momentous turning point for us.
Rui: But the climax of the show that is our lives is still yet to come.
Rui: On that day, I hope we'll be able to shine as brightly as possible. I'm looking forward to experiencing it together with you.
Nene: I don't know what you're going on about...
Nene: Still...
Nene: Whatever it is, I hope so too. Let's go make our dreams come true.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama High School - Empty Classroom]

Greening Committee Chairman: Alright, welcome to the first official meeting of this year's greening committee.
Greening Committee Chairman: Aside from the new students, I'm seeing quite a few familiar faces here today...
Rui: Yes. Many of the members from last year seem to be here, including myself.
Second-Year Greening Committee Member A: I have this sort of attachment to the plants I've been taking care of. I feel like I should look after them until I graduate.
Third-Year Greening Committee Member A: I get what you mean... And things have become a lot easier since you joined, Kamishiro.
Second-Year Greening Committee Member B: Yeah, the flower beds aren't getting all messed up anymore thanks to you!
Rui: I really don't feel as if I did anything special... But I appreciate your kind words.
Third-Year Greening Committee Member B: Of course. Let's do our best again this year, Kamishiro!
Rui: (This committee has changed so much.)
Rui: (When I first joined, everyone's attitude toward me didn't exactly feel welcoming...)
Rui: (But I'm grateful that they've grown to understand me now...)
Rui: (Although...)
First-Year Greening Committee Members: Hey, isn't that him? He's one of the Weirdo Wombo Combo...
First-Year Greening Committee Members: He flies drones and performs dangerous experiments at school, right? Why's he on the quiet and peaceful greening committee...?
Rui: (Well, I can't blame them for feeling that way...)
Greening Committee Chairman: ... Kamishiro, I have a favor to ask you. Would you mind telling the new students about what we do?
Rui: Huh? Me?
Greening Committee Chairman: They probably don't know much about the flower beds, the farm, or other aspects of this committee yet, so I figured you could explain since you're the most well-informed.
Rui: I see...
First-Year Greening Committee Members: Y-You don't have to do that for us! We can learn as we go...
Rui: Understood. It would be my pleasure to teach you all about the committee.
Rui: Everyone, would you mind coming with me?
First-Year Greening Committee Members: O-Okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

First-Year Greening Committee Members: I can't believe we have to work with the person at the center of all those rumors...
First-Year Greening Committee Members: My friend's big brother even warned me to avoid dealing with him no matter what...
Rui: We're here. Listen up, everyone.
First-Year Greening Committee Members: O-Okay!
Rui: The greening committee is responsible for all of the flower beds you see here in the courtyard.
Rui: Most of our duties involve tilling the dirt and planting new flowers, with a different person watering them each day.
Rui: We actually just planted the seeds for those flowers over there a few months ago. It's good to see them finally sprouting.
First-Year Greening Committee Members: Wow, you guys planted the seeds for these?
Rui: Ah, please be careful when touching them. It's difficult to see, but we laid out a net in front of them.
First-Year Greening Committee Members: Whoa, he's right...! I didn't notice at all. The mesh pattern almost makes it look like a spider web...
First-Year Greening Committee Members: But what's its purpose...?
Rui: This flower bed's been through quite a lot.
Rui: The tennis and softball teams kept hitting balls this way, which led to many flowers getting crushed.
Rui: I wanted to protect the flowers while not obstructing the view, so I ended up going with a design that would be difficult to see...
First-Year Greening Committee Members: Wait, Kamishiro, you made this...?
Rui: I did. I felt so bad for the poor flowers.
First-Year Greening Committee Members: ... The guy that conducts all those dangerous experiments feels bad for flowers...?
Rui: Oh... This one appears to have wilted.
First-Year Greening Committee Members: Oh, that one is definitely done for. It might be a good idea to pull it out so it doesn't steal nutrients from the other flowers...
Rui: Actually...
Rui: I'll move this flower to a separate planter for now and personally look after it.
Rui: I'll return it once it has fully recovered. I bet it prefers to be with its friends...
First-Year Greening Committee Members: Kamishiro...
First-Year Greening Committee Members: ... I'm gonna do my best for this committee.
First-Year Greening Committee Members: Please teach us all you can!
Rui: Of course. Please feel free to ask me any questions you have during these meetings or even outside of them.
(Black cut)
