792_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Piqued Curiosity (event_113)

Gacha phrase: Hehe, what an interesting mechanism...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

[Shunmeiza - Production Office]

Shunmeiza Production Associate: ...and that about covers it. The production team is involved in just about every essential part of any given play.
Emu: That's so cool!
Rui: Between scheduling, budgeting, meeting with the other teams, creating flyers, running the ticket office on the day of the performances, lunch catering...
Rui: You have quite a lot to do.
Shunmeiza Production Associate: It is. Things do get a little hectic sometimes... But they're all things that need to be taken care of in order for a show to succeed.
Shunmeiza Production Associate: We feel a great sense of responsibility knowing that what we do determines whether or not we're going to be one hundred percent ready to deliver on the day.
Shunmeiza Production Associate: So, whenever the audience goes home smiling...
Shunmeiza Production Associate: Not only the actors and the director, but we also get to feel proud of what we accomplished!
Rui: It sounds like you love your job very much.
Shunmeiza Production Associate: I do! Seeing the audience smile and have fun fills me with the same satisfaction that the actors and directors feel!
Emu: Seeing the audience smile...
(Black cut)
Emu: Our visit with the production team was really fun!
Rui: Yes, it was nice to see how passionate they all were about what they do. I'm very much looking forward to our next stop now.
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: Wait! Please watch your step. There's an unfinished prop by your feet.
Emu: Oh no! We're sorry!
Rui: This looks like...
Rui: Pardon me, but is this a novel that will be in the protagonist's home during the next show?
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: Hm? Yes, that's right...
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: Oh, aren't you two here visiting us? We heard that you were interested in how the production process works and stuff.
Rui: Yes, we're from the troupe Wonderlands×Showtime. My name is Rui Kamishiro. It's a pleasure to meet you.
Emu: I'm Emu Otori! It's nice to meet you!
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: Yes, nice to meet you both.
Rui: I'm the director for our troupe and also make quite a lot of our props. As such, I'm very interested in seeing how you make yours.
Rui: If it's alright with you, would you mind telling us more about your creative process?
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: I don't mind. I was actually just about to go on break.
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: Still, I'm amazed that you could tell this prop was for the next show.
Rui: It felt like something that would be in the protagonist's house...
Rui: A starving novelist desperately working to finish his manuscript next to a disordered pile of books...
Rui: This truly felt like one of those books.
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: You mean that? I really appreciate it.
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: Our job as designers is to make the audience believe that everything on stage is the real thing.
Rui: The real thing...?
Rui: (Then, this book has certainly accomplished that...)
Rui: (When I initially saw it, I didn't see it as a prop.)
Rui: (I simply saw it as a book from that novelist's house.)
Rui: This really is remarkable... Every crease and stain looks so real...
Rui: It has me imagining Kishi spilling a drink near it at one point in time.
Emu: Yeah, I thought that too! I thought about him panicking and trying to clean it up in a really big hurry!
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: Hehe. It means a lot to hear how much of an image it conjured up.
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: As you both described, creases and stains like these can flesh out the setting of a play...
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: And that's why, even if the audience doesn't see every little prop, we don't want to cut any corners.
Rui: The devil is in the details, yes?
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: Exactly. Yes, it can be hard sometimes...
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: But the things we make elevate the actors' performance, and seeing the audience at the edge of their seats makes all that fatigue go away.
Shunmeiza Prop Designer: In other words, we do everything we can for our actors and the audience.
Rui: For the actors and the audience...
Rui: (They're incredible. Not just their artistic skills...)
Rui: (They care about the details. They passionately want to bring the characters to life and entertain their audience. That much is clear.)
Rui: (This is what it means to be a true professional...)
Rui: (I hope I get to create sets and props with artisans like these someday.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Shunmeiza - Studio]

Shunmeiza Staff A: Alright, we'll start taking the set down!
Shunmeiza Staff B: Okay, thanks!
Rui: Phew... Things are finally starting to settle down.
Rui: (It sounded like the others are going to need a little more time to get changed, so I might take a quick break here.)
Rui: (Still, Tsukasa's performance this time around was nothing like his other ones...)
Rui: (That must've been...)
Shunmeiza Director: Nice work today, Kamishiro.
Rui: Oh...
Rui: Mr. Kato, thank you.
Rui: This ended up being a wonderful experience for all of us. We really appreciate you allowing us to be a part of your show.
Shunmeiza Director: I'm glad to hear that. I can't help but smile whenever I get to do a show with young people who are so passionate about theatre.
Shunmeiza Director: I have a feeling that putting on a show with you and your friends opened this troupe's eyes to a variety of things.
Shunmeiza Director: In other words, inviting Wonderlands×Showtime over to perform with Shunmeiza was an excellent decision.
Shunmeiza Director: And I got to witness something rather nice...
Rui: Nice?
Shunmeiza Director: Yes, I'm talking about Tenma. He's a little rough around the edges, but he has that spark.
Shunmeiza Director: Catching a glimpse of his growth on the stage was quite something.
Rui: Yes... I'm always surprised at how quickly he continues to grow.
Rui: Although, he had some trouble with his role for this show...
Shunmeiza Director: I know. I did give him a fairly difficult task. However...
Shunmeiza Director: He was able to figure out what he needed to do much faster than I expected.
Shunmeiza Director: Which allowed him to “become” his character.
Rui: Yes...
Rui: (I felt the same way...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (In that instant... He'd truly disappeared into Nakayama.)
Shunmeiza Director: He reminded me how actors really are an interesting breed.
Shunmeiza Director: And... I have a feeling that the sky's the limit for him.
Rui: Yes, I'm of the same opinion.
Rui: (Tsukasa just keeps finding ways to get better and better...)
Rui: (Which means I need to do the same as his director.)
Shunmeiza Director: Ah, while we're on the subject, I heard that you've directed just about all of your troupe's shows. Is that true?
Rui: Huh? Yes, that's right...
Shunmeiza Director: Interesting. In that case...
Shunmeiza Director: I told Tenma that I took the time to watch several of your troupe's shows. As such, have had the chance to observe your work as the director.
Shunmeiza Director: And I have to say, Kamishiro, you seem to come up with the most stunning effects.
Shunmeiza Director: It's obvious that you want everybody in the audience to experience something new, smile and have fun. That much is clear from your work.
Shunmeiza Director: Not only that, the actors you work with all seem to have a spring in their step.
Shunmeiza Director: That to me is proof that you know how to allow them to shine their brightest on stage. You have that sixth sense, so to speak.
Rui: Th-Thank you very much... I'm honored by your words.
Shunmeiza Director: And I'm curious to see how you grow as a director moving forward.
Shunmeiza Director: I hope you get to learn and experience many more new things in the future as you hone your craft.
Rui: Thank you. Me too.
Rui: (I never expected to hear such praise from Shunmeiza's director.)
Rui: (I'm surprised...but also incredibly happy. I mean, he just validated my ideas.)
Rui: He saw that I want everybody in the audience to experience something new, smile and have fun.
Rui: It's wonderful to hear from someone like him that he understands what I'm trying to do.
Rui: Also...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Shunmeiza Director: Not only that, the actors you work with all seem to have a spring in their step.
Shunmeiza Director: That to me is proof that you know how to allow them to shine their brightest on stage. You have that sixth sense, so to speak.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Rui: If my directing skills can help everyone shine on stage...
Rui: Then I'll keep doing everything I can to make them radiant.
(Black cut)
