854_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Words Overheard (event_119)

Gacha phrase: Rethink it...with Bakuno in mind?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Rui's Room]

Rui: (Phew. I'm finally done doing maintenance on these props.)
Rui: Still...
Rui: I never thought that we'd get a chance to appear in a film.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Reki: The movie I'm about to work on is also going to include a few others from Shunmeiza...
Reki: But they still need more extras. So, if you'd like, would you all like to apply to be in it?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (We decided to apply to become extras after hearing about it from Bakuno...)
Rui: (But we ended up celebrating after we found out that we'd been accepted.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! Wonderlands×Showtime will be making its big debut on the silver screen!
Emu: Yeah, this is so exciting!
Nene: I know we're just gonna be playing roles like a girl having a picnic or a man admiring flowers, but we should still do our best.
Tsukasa: Agreed. We may be extras, but we're still going to be people who live in the world of the story...
Tsukasa: I'm going to do the best job I can of squatting while admiring flowers as Young Man A!
Rui: Incidentally, I just found out that Bakuno will be performing in the scene we appear in.
Nene: Yeah. Screen acting is supposed to be way different from stage acting, but I can't wait to see how Bakuno does.
Tsukasa: Yes, me too!
Emu: I'm really looking forward to seeing how films are actually made♪
Emu: I know we're only gonna be on set for a day, but I wanna learn as much as I can!
Rui: Hehe. Sounds like we're all looking forward to this experience.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (Emu's brothers gave us a chance to work with Shunmeiza, and now we've been given this opportunity thanks to one of their actors...)
Rui: (Come to think of it, we're lucky to have been able to establish such a network.)
Rui: (On top of learning as much as we can from the opportunities they've given us, I hope we get to repay everyone someday...)
Rui: Alright, I'll go through the script one last time before I go to bed.
Rui: (The film we're going to be a part of is being directed by someone called Tomomi Ohara.)
Rui: (After doing some quick research, I found that he doesn't employ big plot twists or anything of the sort in his films. His works seem to be mostly subdued stories that carefully explore his characters' feelings.)
Rui: (Including this one. The protagonist has all but given up on life, but someone calling herself his long-lost sister suddenly appears before him. And he begins to change as a result. It's a drama that explores human relationships.)
Rui: (Which explains why he asked Bakuno to play the protagonist. This kind of story is his forte.)
Rui: (What we saw him do on stage was spectacular, to put it mildly.)
Rui: (His performance made his character feel like a real-life person...)
Rui: (Just like Nene, I'm also looking forward to seeing what he does for this film.)
Rui: (As well as how he and the director are going to work together.)
Rui: If we were to turn this film into a show, how would I go about doing that...?
Rui: (The climax is obviously the most exciting part, but the entire story is remarkably mellow and subdued. Which means...)
Rui: (The backdrops for the stage would also need to be fairly simple. But we could make it so that they change little by little as the protagonist's feelings evolve over time...)
Rui: (Where the characters stand would also play a crucial role. They'd start out far apart, but move closer together as they get to know one another...)
Rui: Oh...
Rui: (I really got ahead of myself there...)
Rui: (I just can't help but think about how to put on a good show.)
Rui: In any case, I want to take what I can from this film and use it to learn how to put on better performances...
Rui: We won't be there for very long, but I'd like to make the most of this experience.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Scramble Crossing]

Emu: Seeing the film we helped make together was so much fun!
Nene: *Sigh* That's all you've been saying for like the past hour.
Emu: Because it was super duper fun!
Emu: Also, while we watched, I was reminded of what we had for lunch each day and all the things we had to carry up that big hill...
Emu: Everything we did all came rushing back☆
Tsukasa: I could almost smell the sea air when it got to the beach scene.
Rui: We did make quite a lot of memories working on the film.
Nene: Yeah, we did. It was really fun looking back while we watched.
Nene: On the other hand... I got a little anxious when I saw myself appear during that one scene.
Emu: I found exactly where I was☆ Girl C was right on that bench feeding the pigeons!
Tsukasa: Naturally, I also checked to see how I did!
Tsukasa: Only half of my back ended up making the final cut...
Tsukasa: But I'm more than happy with how we all did!
Nene: Still, I can't believe we got to be in this film... We should try to make the most of this incredible experience and use it to put on better performances.
Rui: Yes, I agree.
Tsukasa: Seeing the scene where we got to appear was significant...
Tsukasa: But I was even more moved when I saw our names during the credits...!
Nene: And not just once. We got to see our names twice.
Emu: On top of the casting credits, you, me and Tsukasa got to be mentioned as production staff!
Nene: Yeah. And you got credited as “Assistant to Mr. Ohara”, Rui.
Rui: I did.
Rui: I didn't actually end up contributing much, but I was happy to be mentioned as such...
Tsukasa: Wait, you didn't contribute much?
Rui: Yes, because how we ultimately shot the climax was based on Mr. Ohara's idea. Not mine...
Rui: It seems that I still have a lot to learn.
Emu: That's not true! We know you did your best, Rui!
Emu: I mean, you spent so much time trying to figure out how to make the film better.
Emu: I bet everyone knows how hard you worked!
Tsukasa: Yes, I have to agree with Emu.
Tsukasa: You never shied away from the problem at hand. You thought long and hard about what the answer to that question was, and Bakuno said he was grateful for your efforts.
Nene: He's right. The fact that you were credited as the director's assistant is proof that they recognize you did a good job.
Emu: What she said! You were a really good assistant!
Rui: All of you...
Rui: I really appreciate you saying that.
Rui: (Getting to work on the film ended up being invaluable. It showed me just how deep the directing rabbit hole goes.)
Rui: (There's so much that I've still yet to learn, but that excites me greatly.)
Rui: (I'm going to do everything possible in order to become the best director I can. I'm going to make the others feel proud.)
(Black cut)
