887_Rui Kamishiro_R4 A Greeting In Return (event_124)

Gacha phrase: Pardon me... *Chomp*

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Scramble Crossing]

Rui: Phew... That should be it for the shops I planned on visiting today.
Rui: I managed to get everything I needed for running maintenance, so I'll head home and...
Passerby A: Hey, check out that screen! It's that movie everyone's been talking about! “Fight Spade”, right?
Passerby B: Yeah, and the action scenes are supposed to be really cool. I've sorta been meaning to go see it.
Passerby A: Really?! Then, wanna go right now?
Rui: (Ah, yes, it's the trailer for it.)
Rui: (That movie has recently sort of become the talk of the town.)
Rui: Movies...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (That shoot we did ended up being an invaluable experience. Honestly, I still can't believe I got to work as an assistant to the director.)
Rui: (I was reminded of just how deep the directing rabbit hole goes since I got to learn about different techniques and about the director's thought process.)
Rui: (They said the action scenes for that film are supposed to be very good... I'm curious as to how they actually shot them.)
Rui: So, I think I'll go see it now. The next screening is...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Miyamasuzaka]

Rui: (That film was much better than I expected.)
Rui: (It was written as your usual good-versus-evil hero spectacle...)
Rui: (But the stunts and fight scenes certainly lived up to their reputation.)
Rui: (They even shot some scenes from a first-person perspective. It was like the viewers got to be the hero as they chased after the villain.)
Rui: (That kind of trick makes it much easier to understand what a character is feeling.)
Rui: (But you can't really do that outside of the video medium. You need a camera to make that happen.)
Rui: (But is there a way to achieve the same sense of immersion during a show? How would I go about doing that?)
Rui: (Of course, it's likely going to involve the entire audience... What else would I need to—)
???: Hm? Rui? Is that you?
Rui: Huh?
Tsukasa: Ah, I thought it was you! What a coincidence!
Rui: Yes, what are the odds? So, Tsukasa, what brings you here?
Tsukasa: My mom asked me to go get some ground beef from the supermarket!
Tsukasa: Were you also out shopping, Rui?
Rui: Yes, I was buying some things I needed for maintenance. I also decided to go see a movie before heading home.
Rui: It's called “Fight Spade”...
Tsukasa: What?!
Tsukasa: That's the one Emu said she's been wanting to go see!
Rui: Oh, really?
Tsukasa: Yes. She apparently saw the trailer the other day and kept exclaiming, “The space battle looked so cool! Everything went bang, zoom and sparkle-sparkle!”
Tsukasa: Which made me interested too.
Tsukasa: The hero supposedly puts on an incredible performance during the action scenes, so I'd like to go see it and try learning what I can!
Rui: I see... I had no idea.
Rui: (I guess we've all been interested in films ever since we finished doing that shoot.)
Rui: In that case, I'll start telling you all about any new films that catch my eye.
Rui: Also, if any interest all four of us, we could go see them together.
Tsukasa: Together?
Rui: Yes. I think we stand to gain quite a lot since we'd get to discuss and analyze them as a group.
Tsukasa: Yes, that's an excellent idea!
Tsukasa: Then, I'll also let you all know about any films that catch my attention! No, we should all be doing this!
Rui: All of us...?
Tsukasa: Yes! We should tell Nene and Emu about this idea! Where did I put my phone...?
Rui: (Hehe. All of us, eh?)
Rui: (The old me would never have imagined any of this happening.)
Rui: (But now, I'm doing shows with my friends...)
Rui: (And even after leaving Phoenix Wonderland, we're still trying new things together.)
Rui: (I really can't ask for more...)
Rui: (In order to make my own dream come true, as well as to make them shine as brightly as possible...)
Rui: (I need to keep improving as a director.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

[Harbor]

Rui: Phew...
Rui: (I came to see what else SEKAI's new area had to offer...)
Rui: (But it's just so expansive. I've only visited a fraction of it.)
Rui: Still, there are many places that I'd like to see, so I'll keep exploring for now.
???: Hi, Rui!
Rui: Huh?
Rui: Miku, Rin. I didn't realize you two were also here.
Miku (WxS): Yup☆ We're here to explore this area as members of the new expedition team♪
Rui: New expedition team...? That sounds like quite a lot of fun.
Rin (WxS): I know, right? We've been doing lots of exploring and talking to all sorts of plushies☆
Rui: I see...
Rui: In that case, would it be alright if I joined you two? I'm actually also here to do some exploring.
Miku (WxS): Of course☆ So, let's GO GO GO♪
(Black cut)

[Outside the inn]

Miku (WxS): Hey, look! A bunch of plushies are gathered over there☆
Rui: Yes, what a lively sight. What do you think's going—
Zombie Plushies: Next, we have a new trick for all of you. Watch as we balance on these balls!
Rui: Oh, the zombies?
Rin (WxS): Cool! They're doing another performance today☆
Miku (WxS): The zombies told us how they were really happy that they got to do a show with us and make everyone else smile!
Miku (WxS): And they decided to keep the party going by doing lots of different performances☆
Rui: Is that so?
Zombie Plushies: Alright... Up! We...! Go!
Miku (WxS): Whoa☆ He's doing a handstand on top of that ball!
Rin (WxS): Cool...! I wanna try doing that too!
Rui: Hehe. It could be fun to do it with them. So...
Rui: Why don't we all join in?
(Black cut)
Rin (WxS): Alright! Next, I'm gonna do some juggling☆ Check out...this!
Plushies: Hey, she's a great juggler! She's dancing around while... Whoa! She just threw a ball under her legs!
Rin (WxS): Hehe. Next up is...Miku the Acrobat☆
Miku (WxS): Here I go, everyone☆ Ready, steady...
Plushies: Wow! One, two, three... H-How many backflips is she gonna do?!
Zombie Plushies: We're just getting started! We're about to do everyone's favorite trick next! Handstands on top of these balls!
Plushies: I wanna see you guys do more! What do you have in store for us next?
Rui: Hehe. Thank you all for coming to watch. We actually have balloons for all of you.
Plushies: Wow, this balloon...! It looks just like a rose!
Rui: Yes, I twisted it into a rose. I'm glad to see that you like it so much.
Plushies: Cool! I didn't know you could turn a balloon into such a pretty rose!
Plushies: I want one! I want one too!
Rui: Of course. I'll make something for each of you.
Plushies: Yay! I can't wait!
Rui: (Hehe. We decided to join in partway through, but it's nice to see that our audience is having so much fun.)
Rui: (Not only that...)
Zombie Plushies: We're just getting started!
Rui: (The zombies also seem to be enjoying themselves.)
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): Thank you for letting us join you guys☆ That was really fun♪
Zombie Plushie: You're welcome. We also had a lot of fun.
Zombie Plushie: On top of that, fewer plushies feel scared of us since we started putting on these performances.
Rui: That's good to hear.
Zombie Plushie: Yeah, and we have you guys to thank for that. We wouldn't have been able to become friends with them otherwise.
Zombie Plushie: Also, we should do another show together sometime!
Rui: Yes, of course!
Zombie Plushie: Anyway, see you later.
Rin (WxS): Bye bye!
Miku (WxS): Hehe! It was so great to see the zombies and other plushies smiling and laughing together☆
Rui: Yes, and I'm so glad to see that they've managed to become friends with everyone in this city.
Rin (WxS): Yeah! It's a good thing that you asked them to do that show♪
Rin (WxS): I mean, the zombies all seem to be having so much fun now☆
Rui: Hehe. Yes, good thing we did.
Rui: (I guess I really do want to bring people together...)
Rui: (Through shows that transcend borders.)
(Black cut)
