902_Rui Kamishiro_R2 An Unexpected Find! (event_126)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Rui's Room]

Rui: That's odd. Where did that breadboard go? I thought I left it somewhere around here...
Rui: Hm...? I could've sworn this used to be on that shelf. And this was hanging from the ceiling...
Rui: Hmm... That film did keep me very busy recently. As a result, this place has turned into a bit of a sty...
Rui: In any case, I should try to tidy up... That should make it easier to find the breadboard.
Rui: Now then...
Rui: (If it weren't so late at night, I'd move everything out of my room and back in one by one...)
Rui: For now, I'll just move the things I need off to the left and whatever I don't to the right...
(Black cut)
Rui: Phew... I've mostly divided everything up into a couple nice piles.
Rui: But despite all this cleaning and sorting, I still can't seem to find that breadboard...
Rui: Where did past me put it a few days ago?
Rui: Hm? This box...
Rui: Oh, how nostalgic...! This is the dog robot I tried to make all those years ago!
Rui: If I recall, I wasn't happy with the way his legs and tail moved. My plan was to rebuild his joints from scratch...
Rui: But I had trouble acquiring the parts I wanted, which ended with me putting everything on hold.
Rui: Oh, speaking of joints...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rui: The time has come for the bird robot I made for our shows to rise once more...
Rui: As Robo-Phoenix!
Tsukasa: Ah, it's up! Time to catch you!!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: The joints I used for Robo-Phoenix's wings might just be what Robo-Dog's legs and tail need.
Rui: Hehehe. Alright, cleaning time's over.
Rui: Where did I put Robo-Phoenix's parts...? I saw them just... Ah, here we are!
Rui: Oh, also! If I want him to move like a real dog, I should make him look like one!
Rui: The right pile should have just what I need...
Rui: Yes, this...! I can put something I was going to throw out to good use! Two birds with one stone!
Rui: Alright, let's get started!
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Rui: Okay, how's that...?
Robo-Dog: Woof!
Rui: Excellent! Your legs are definitely moving much more smoothly compared to back then!
Robo-Dog: Woof! Woof!
Rui: Ah, please try to keep your voice down. It is half past three in the morning.
Rui: I guess I'll just have to mute you...
Robo-Dog: ...
Rui: (He looks and walks much more like a real dog now.)
Rui: (But aside from walking and barking, all he's really able to do is stand around...)
Rui: I should try to give him more of a doglike charm by getting him to behave more like a real one...
Rui: Oh... *Yawn*
Rui: I'm getting very sleepy...
Rui: Fortunately, I have tomorrow...or rather, today...off. I can get some sleep, wake up and take Robo-Dog to the park.
Rui: If I want to learn how to make him behave like a real dog, then I should go see some.
Rui: *Yawn*
Rui: For now, I should go to sleep...
Rui: Good night...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Rui's Room]

Rui: Hehehe. You finally get to meet Tsukasa and the others.
Rui: Are you ready, Robo-Dog?
Robo-Dog: Woof!
Rui: Ah, good. You're responding well to vocal input.
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Hey, Rui, we're here!
Rui: Ah, welcome. Please, come inside.
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Alright, pardon us.
Emu: Pardon us... Whoa!
Nene: Huh...? Th-This room...
Emu: Wait, why's all this stuff split into two different piles?
Tsukasa: Tell us, Rui! What's going on here?!
Rui: Ah, please try to ignore those. I was in the middle of doing some cleaning.
Nene: This mess is from you cleaning...?
Tsukasa: Don't tell me... You were trying to decide what to keep and what to throw out.
Rui: Correct! That's astounding, Tsukasa!
Rui: After all, the best way to clean your room is by removing anything you don't actually need!
Tsukasa: You're not wrong, but...
Rui: More importantly, look! Today, I'd like for you all to meet Robo-Dog!
Robo-Dog: Woof!
Emu: Oh, he's adorable...!
Emu: Hello, Robo-Dog♪
Robo-Dog: Woof!
Nene: Oh, he sat down! And he's wagging his tail!
Tsukasa: Whoa! Not only does he look like a real dog, he even moves and behaves like one!
Rui: Hehe. Good, right? I've been going to the park recently to research how real dogs move and behave!
Nene: Wait, did you upgrade that robot you made a really long time ago...?
Rui: You remembered? Yes, that's right!
Rui: I just happened to come across him while cleaning my room.
Rui: Then, I thought the joints I used for Robo-Phoenix would allow Robo-Dog to move a little smoother!
Rui: Hehe. I ended up staying up very late working on him.
Nene: And that's why you stopped cleaning partway through...
Robo-Dog: Woof!
Emu: Oh, look! He's scratching his head with his hind leg!
Nene: Yeah, like a real dog.
Tsukasa: But he only seems to be able to bark in a couple different ways...
Rui: I've also been working on that.
Rui: I want voice clips that are imbued with emotion, but there's only so much freeware available to me...
Rui: Actually, would you all mind if I took some samples of your voices?
Tsukasa: Wait, do you mean you want us to bark like dogs...?
Nene: He doesn't “want” us to. He expects us to...
Tsukasa: Yes, it's written all over his face.
Emu: Yip! Yip, yip! Yip!
Tsukasa: She's gone straight into the deep end...
Nene: But it's impressive how you can just tell she's inviting us to join her...
Rui: Ah, Emu, that's excellent! You're oozing with animal spirit!
Rui: Now, Tsukasa, Nene, if you would. I'm sure this will help when you need to play dogs in future performances!
Tsukasa: That's never going to happen! No, I can't say that with any certainty... If anything, there's probably a strong likelihood that I will!
Nene: Yeah, true.
Tsukasa: Alright, I'll just have to do my best!
Tsukasa: Boof! Boof, boof! No, that sounds too deep for Robo-Dog...
Nene: Right. Small dogs are a little more high pitch...
Nene: Woof! Woof! Woof! *Whimper*
Rui: Oh, that was...!
Emu: Nene, your dog impression's really cute!
Tsukasa: Well done, Nene! Alright, let me try that again...!
Tsukasa: Woof! Pant...! Pant...!
Rui: Alright, it wouldn't be fair for me to do nothing. Let me also give it a try.
Rui: *Whimper* Arf... Hm...?
Nene: I don't think dogs are supposed to be so in-your-face...
(Black cut)
