930_Rui Kamishiro_R3 Tengu Swordsmanship (event_131)

Gacha phrase: Parry the opponent's attack, and...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro)

[Mikazukigumi Practice Area]

Rui: (Unsheathe your katana here and attack.)
Rui: (Turn around, look at the person behind you and parry their attack.)
Mikazukigumi Members: Good. Your movements look much sharper!
Mikazukigumi Members: But your katana looked light... It didn't seem to weigh anything, you know?
Rui: It looked light...?
Rui: (I see... As Kurama Tengu, I thought I was supposed to be as light as possible on my feet as I moved around, but...)
Rui: Fleet footwork isn't all he has. He also possesses monstrous strength, which allows him to swing around a heavy sword with ease.
Rui: I'd forgotten that he isn't actually human. I failed to capture that part of him just now.
Mikazukigumi Members: ...! Yes, that's exactly what I wanted to say!
Rui: (However, a bamboo sword weighs but a fraction of a real one. I can act all I want, but I'm not sure I'll be able to make it look heavy...)
Rui: (So, how do I go about this problem...?)
Mikazukigumi Members: Is something wrong, Kamishiro...?
Rui: Oh, sorry. I was just wondering how I'm going to make my katana feel heavy.
Mikazukigumi Members: Right... I guess the best solution is to hold a real one.
Rui: A real one... But actually finding one sounds a bit difficult.
Mikazukigumi Members: I happen to know someone at a shop that sells swords. Want me to ask them? They might be willing to help you out.
Rui: Really? Yes, please.
Mikazukigumi Members: Alright, I'll try asking them. Should I tell them that all four of you are going?
Rui: Yes, that would be incredibly helpful. And thank you for going out of your way to do this.
Rui: (I can't believe they're willing to do so much for us.)
Rui: (Still, if I'm learning about katanas, I don't want to stop at just holding one...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Rui's Room]

Rui: (Seeing all those real katanas with Tsukasa and the others was such a wonderful learning experience.)
Rui: (We got to try holding all types, large and small. They even let us equip some in order to see how heavy they felt at our waist.)
Rui: (And I really wasn't expecting them to show us the tang underneath where the handle would go.)
Rui: Anyway... I was able to get the lumber I wanted at the store...
Rui: So, let's start making that practice sword.
Rui: (I got to see quite a lot today. And making my own sword should help deepen my understanding of the subject.)
Rui: (It's unfortunate that I can't make a real one here since that would be the best solution...)
Rui: (But making a wooden one should help further solidify what I saw today in my mind.)
Rui: Not to mention this is my very first time crafting one from scratch. This is all very exciting.
Rui: Now, which part should I work on first?
Rui: Why don't I begin with the blade? That should be the easiest place to start.
Rui: (I'll mark where I need to cut with my pen and saw accordingly...)
Rui: (Next, the tip... I'll need to carefully shave a round corner off the edge here.)
Rui: Phew... It's beginning to look like a real katana now.
Rui: The surface is still a little rough, but I can deal with that later by sanding it.
Rui: (Still, it feels much thicker than the ones we saw today. I think I'll make it thinner and...)
Rui: Okay, it feels about as thin as a real one. But it appears it would be weak to strikes from the side...
Rui: (Which means I won't want to parry attacks the same way I did during practice the other day.)
Rui: (Also, where I place this katana's center of gravity will likely change how I'm able to wield it.)
Rui: (The closer it is to my hand, the easier it will be to swing around, but at the cost of power. On the other hand, the closer it is to the tip, the heavier it'll seem.)
Rui: (Still, Kurama Tengu would probably have no problem swinging around such a weapon...)
Rui: (I'm glad I'm doing this. I'm learning so much.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

(Place: Mikazukigumi Practice Area)
Rui: (Unsheathe, then...)
Rui: (Turn around. You'll see one of the Taira henchmen trying to take a chop at you and...)
Rui: (Parry while also trying to dodge! Taking that attack head-on would mean damaging your katana.)
Rui: (This katana's center of gravity sits at the tip, so it wobbling this much is normal when parrying an attack...)
Rui: (But I'm Kurama Tengu. I should be able to swing a blade like this as easily as breathing.)
Rui: (Step, flex your wrist muscles and slice!)
Mikazukigumi Members: That was awesome, Kamishiro...! The way you moved just now was so realistic.
Mikazukigumi Members: Yeah! I guess you've gotten a better understanding of how Kurama Tengu's supposed to fight.
Rui: Thank you.
Mikazukigumi Members: Still, I can't believe it. You've improved so much in such a short amount of time.
Mikazukigumi Members: Did you guys actually go check out some real katanas at that shop we talked about the other day?
Rui: Yes, we did. That ended up being an invaluable experience for us. Thank you for introducing us to them.
Mikazukigumi Members: No, don't worry about that. All I did was make one phone call.
Mikazukigumi Members: In any case, this scene's gonna feel so different now. Is this all really because of that one visit?
Rui: No, not quite... Actually holding real katanas did help, but I also ended up making a wooden one for practice afterwards.
Mikazukigumi Members: A wooden one?
Rui: Yes. I thought actually making one myself would help me achieve a better understanding of swords as opposed to just seeing and feeling some.
Rui: And it helped quite a lot. Now I know that the broadside of a katana is very brittle, as well as how they were designed to cut while being unsheathed.
Mikazukigumi Members: Wow, that's how you learned? It's a unique approach, but I kinda like it.
Mikazukigumi Members: It's great that you have your own methodology! I think we're all looking forward to how the final product turns out.
Rui: Thank you. I appreciate you saying that.
Rui: (My own methodology, eh...?)
Rui: (The thought of making my own katana just sort of popped into my head, but I'm glad that I was able to apply everything that I've learned until now.)
Rui: (And I should use this momentum I've built up to become a better swordfighter.)
Rui: (I still have a number of ideas as to how I can wield a katana more like Kurama Tengu.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Nonogi Park]

Rui: Okay, thank you for having me here today.
Rui: I'll be stealing what I can from your personal training regimen, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Of course!
Tsukasa: Still, you surprised me when you sent me that message saying, “I'd like to join you during your next holiday training session.”
Rui: Hehe. I apologize for asking on such short notice.
Rui: But our Mikazukigumi training has left me believing that my muscles leave much to be desired.
Rui: I'm the director of our troupe, but also an actor. I feel that I need to train more in order to put on good performances.
Tsukasa: I see... That's very admirable of you!
Tsukasa: However, my training regimen involves some of the things Mr. Kijima suggested, so it's far from a walk in the park...
Tsukasa: Please feel free to stop and take a break if it starts being too much for you! I'd rather you didn't push yourself too hard.
Rui: Yes, I understand.
Rui: (The strength exercises Tsukasa does on a regular basis are hard to begin with.)
Rui: (So, getting through all of these isn't going to be easy. I'll need to muster up all the courage I can here...)
Tsukasa: Alright, let's begin! With some stretches before we actually start!
Tsukasa: First, our shoulders! Stretch out both your arms and...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Next, shuttle runs!
Tsukasa: Remember the things Mr. Kijima talked about! Breathe to match the pace at which you run and mind what your body does when you change directions!
Rui: (Right...)
Rui: (This is a good exercise in terms of understanding the way your body moves, since your speed's changing constantly.)
Tsukasa: Ready? Start!
(Black cut)
Rui: (Next, we have planking while reading lines. This isn't going to be easy...)
Tsukasa: “Drop your katana and leave this place! Only then shall I spare your life!”
Rui: *Wince* “Oh, have you...no manners...?”
Rui: (No...! My abs... It's so hard to speak...)
Rui: (But I have to do what Emu and Mr. Kijima did. Ushiwakamaru needs to sound more relaxed. Doing this was my choice, so try to hang in there...)
Rui: “Put away...that dreadful thing and...”
(Black cut)
Rui: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Rui: (This is what Tsukasa does on a regular basis. I thought I'd been doing enough on my own, but I clearly haven't.)
Tsukasa: Looks like you can't move a muscle. Here, I got you something to drink.
Rui: Thank you, Tsukasa...
Rui: But I can't believe you can still move after doing all those exercises...
Tsukasa: I am a future star, after all! I need to be able to handle this much!
Tsukasa: But credit where credit's due, Rui, I'm amazed you made it through until the end!
Rui: I would've been ashamed to give up after asking for your help.
Tsukasa: And you ended up pushing yourself to the limit...
Tsukasa: More importantly, what did you think after giving my training regimen a try? Did you find anything that might help?
Rui: Yes, of course.
Rui: I'd have to reduce the number of reps I do, as well as learn how to use my body better, but I'm strongly considering incorporating some of the exercises we just did into my own workouts.
Rui: Especially reading lines while planking... As hard as that was, I believe it'll do wonders for me.
Tsukasa: Is that so...? Still, Rui, you really shouldn't push yourself too hard.
Rui: Ah, thank you. I promise not to, since the last thing I want is to get hurt.
Rui: But in order to become a good director, I want to learn as much as I possibly can during our time with Mikazukigumi.
Rui: So, I plan on being able to complete any exercise that's thrown at me.
Tsukasa: I see...
Tsukasa: I admire your voracity! I wouldn't expect any less from our troupe's director!
Rui: Hehe. Thank you.
Rui: Let's both make the most of the time we have left with Mikazukigumi.
Tsukasa: Yes, let's!
(Black cut)
