948_Rui Kamishiro_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: Hehe. I'm positively filled with joy.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[The day before Rui's birthday]

[Nonogi Park]

Rui: It's been some time since we last had such fine weather. It's the perfect day to test my stage equipment.
Emu: Hahaha! You're so giddy, Rui☆
Rui: I'm positively filled with joy, Emu. After all, you've all agreed to help me test these new devices.
Nene: When we asked if there was anything you wanted to do for your birthday, I wasn't expecting this...
Tsukasa: Gah, to think he would ask for our help at the moment we couldn't refuse...
Miku (WxS): <I wonder what kinda gizmos he's got this time!>
Rin (WxS): <We're gonna lay low and see all the action☆ I can't wait!>
Rui: They're all designed to put a smile on every face, so I hope you'll maintain those high expectations.
Nene: Actually, I'm really worried about this...
Tsukasa: I have no reservations helping you develop new special effects... But absolutely nothing that explodes, you hear me?!
Rui: Oh, do you think I would bring explosives to a public space like this...?
Rui: I thought I had your full trust, but that's how you all see me...? This sorrow is going to tear my heart to pieces...
Nene: Ever heard of something called a “track record”?
Tsukasa: In a way, it's my trust in you that's motivating me to warn you like this. I've seen you cause panic with your explosives enough times to “trust” that you'll do it again.
Rui: No need to worry. I'm perfectly aware of this park's rules. Rest assured that safety will be a priority as I conduct these tests.
Tsukasa: I hope that's true...
KAITO (WxS): <Hahaha...>
Emu: Ooh, ooh, Rui! What does this one do?
Rui: Ah, did that one pique your interest, Emu? I suppose that can be the first we test.
KAITO (WxS): <Based on how it looks, I suppose it's a drone.>
Luka (WxS): <But is it different from your usual ones?>
Rui: Yes, actually. You see, I've equipped it with some features that will help create stage effects.
Rui: Like... This one, for example.
Emu: Wah, it's so bright! And all sparkly and shiny!
Nene: So, it has lights mounted on it?
Rui: And with multiple such drones, I could light the stage from all different angles.
Rui: That would open up new avenues of artistic expression, even at outdoor venues where infrastructure may be limited.
MEIKO (WxS): <That sounds pretty useful!>
Len (WxS): <Wow, does it have any other fun features?>
Rui: Of course. Besides that one... Ah, how about this?
Nene: Whoa, it's shooting out flower petals...!
Emu: Wooow! It's raining petals!
Rui: I improved upon my last petal-emitting device and tried attaching it here. Besides flower petals, I can also make it spray confetti or smoke.
Rui: With a drone, it's possible to bring these effects out to the audience. These will allow me to create a great level of immersion.
Tsukasa: Ah, it sounds like this device opens up some interesting possibilities! This is the sort of thing I want to see!
Rui: I couldn't be happier to hear that you've taken a liking to it.
Rui: In that case, I have a suspicion that this one will strike your fancy as well.
Tsukasa: Hm? What does that one do?
Rui: This shoots out bolts of lightning.
Tsukasa: Hold your horses! That's nothing like flower petals or confetti!
Rui: You think so? I consider them to be fairly similar.
Tsukasa: They are not! What's more, anything that shoots out electricity cannot be allowed at a public park!
Nene: Why did you even make that? It sounds like a weapon.
Rui: I was thinking that the chance to see film-level special effects on stage would please everyone.
Rui: Ahh, to see lightning bolts fly across our stage...! Flashes of light hailing down in a storm...! This would allow us to manifest the true majesty of an intergalactic battle!
Emu: Whoa! That'd be sooo cool! I bet it'd be super impressive at night!
Tsukasa: Don't go starting a real intergalactic battle on stage!
???: What are you guys doing...?
Rui: Hm?
Hayashi: I thought I recognized some voices over here...
Miyake: Kamishiro, Tenma, it really is you two.
Rui: Ah, Miyake, Taniyama, Hayashi.
Tsukasa: Oh, what a coincidence that we'd meet here!
Miyake: Are you testing some new invention out here?
Rui: Yes, you see...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: So, we're here granting Rui's birthday wish by helping with his tests!
Rui: My actual birthday is tomorrow, but today was preferable since we don't have school.
Taniyama: I see... No, wait! Kamishiro, it's your birthday tomorrow?!
Miyake: Wow, happy birthday!
Rui: Ah, thank you. I never guessed that I'd get to hear your warm wishes a day early.
Hayashi: Tomorrow's the day, huh. Should we have lunch together then?
Taniyama: Yeah, that sounds great! We'll treat you to whatever you want!
Rui: How kind of you. I'm looking forward to it.
Miyake: Great! Okay, we've got plans after this, so we'll be on our way!
Hayashi: See you tomorrow.
Tsukasa: To think you'd get to make plans for your birthday here and now!
Rui: Hehe, certainly a surprise. I'm quite excited for tomorrow.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Nonogi Park]

Emu: Alright! Everything's ready☆ Everybody, let's do this!
Everyone: Happy birthday! <Happy birthday!>
Rui: Thank you all.
Rui: I wasn't expecting you to have prepared something like this.
Tsukasa: Well, it would have been a waste to let the day end having only tested some equipment!
Emu: We had to throw a birthday picnic to celebrate!
Nene: I don't think I've ever heard of a birthday picnic, but I guess this kind of thing can be nice once in a while.
Rui: Yes, this kind of fresh spin is quite refreshing.
KAITO (WxS): <The lunches you brought look amazing.>
Miku (WxS): <Yeah, totally! I hope we get to try some!>
Emu: There's lots left over that we couldn't fit in these lunch boxes, so we'll bring some over to SEKAI later!
Rui: By the way, are all this food and the cake homemade?
Tsukasa: Of course! We specially cooked and boxed up these lunches first thing this morning!
Emu: And me and Nene worked super hard on your cake! I hope it came out yummy☆
Rui: Hehe. With how delicious it looks, I'm sure you have nothing to worry about.
Rui: And most impactful of all... Between the fried chicken, Salisbury steak and croquettes, all these beautiful shades of brown are stirring up my appetite.
Nene: We actually wanted to make it a bit more colorful, but this is how things turned out when we put in all the stuff you like...
Tsukasa: None of us could think of anything green you might enjoy...
Rui: No, this is the perfect form of a boxed lunch, I assure you.
Rui: That being said, this looks to be a lot of food for just four people.
Nene: Yeah... I guess the four of us won't be able to finish it all.
Rin (WxS): <Oh! Someone's coming this way!>
Len (WxS): <Oh no! We've gotta hide!>
Emu: Huh?
Mizuki: Wait, over there... Is that Rui?
Rui: Hm? Mizuki?
An: Oh, it's Tenma and his troupe!
Tsukasa: Ah, hello all of you. What good chums you are, to be spending your day off together!
Mizuki: Hahaha, it was a total coincidence though! I only bumped into Li'l Bro and the gang a minute ago.
Akito: It just kinda happened while we were on our way back from practice.
Toya: Are you all out for a picnic?
Rui: You could say that. My friends here put this together to celebrate my birthday.
Mizuki: Oh right, 'cause your birthday's tomorrow!
Kohane: A birthday picnic sounds so fun, especially in this nice weather.
Emu: Oh... I've got it! Hey, guys! Why don't you celebrate with us?!
An: Wait, is that okay?
Nene: As you can probably see, we made way too much food...
Mizuki: Well, since I'm here, I guess I'll crash this party♪
Toya: We don't have any plans right now either, so what do you say we all join in?
Akito: I guess we can...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: So, once again...
Everyone: Happy birthday!!! Happy birthday!
Rui: These are...
Kohane: Wow, flower petals are raining from the sky!
Akito: Falling from that drone flying around, you mean?
Rui: It would seem you've already mastered my new contraption, Nene.
Nene: The perfect thing was sitting right there, so it would've been wrong not to use it.
Emu: Oh! While we're at it, let's shine a spotlight on Rui for the rest of the day!
Rui: Hehe. I think I'll pass on that.
Tsukasa: Go on! Rest assured, there's plenty to drink too! Please, savor the dishes we've made!
Rui: Ah, thank you. I'll do just that... Yes, these omelets are seasoned just the way I like them. They're quite delicious.
Emu: Ooh! You really mean it? I made those, actually! Yippee!
Mizuki: Time to dig in♪ Whoa, this fried chicken is great! Who made this?
Nene: Oh, I-I did... Um, I'm glad it came out well...
Akito: Hey, this Salisbury steak's not bad either.
Tsukasa: A discerning eye as always! You've chosen my specialty, Shining Pegasus Salisbury Steak!
Akito: I dunno where the pegasus comes in... But it's good.
An: But wow, isn't it crazy how we ran into Kamishiro right when we were talking about him?
Rui: Hm? About me?
Toya: Yes. We were discussing what to do for your birthday tomorrow.
Mizuki: Like, how a surprise could be good since you're not really the type to make a big deal of your birthday.
Kohane: Um...
An: Yeah, and how you'd probably be floored if we brought you some cake during the lunch break!
Rui: I'm touched that you were all making such plans for my sake. That being said, are you sure you wanted to tell me about it?
An, Toya & Mizuki: Oh...
Toya: Ah. The atmosphere of the picnic put us too at ease...
An: Well hey, just think of it like this: you've got one more thing to look forward to! Let's come up with a new surprise plan later, guys!
Tsukasa: In that case, I'll be taking part!
Mizuki: Set your expectations high for tomorrow, Rui♪
Rui: Yes, I'll be looking forward to seeing what mise-en-scène you all come up with for the day.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000325/bg_s000325.webp)
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Rui!
Kohane, An, Akito & Toya: Happy birthday!
Kohane: Thank you for letting us join your picnic! It was really fun getting to celebrate together!
Akito: Yeah, I guess it wasn't a bad way to celebrate. When you do something at school, you've gotta make it fit in the little bit of time between classes.
Toya: Indeed. Still, I'm always amazed at the ideas Tsukasa and the others come up with. Kamishiro had such a happy look on his face.
An: He was a little different from how he is at school. He even did another demonstration of his stage equipment for us! That was so fun.
Mizuki: Hahaha, the one that shot out electricity was a different story though...
Mizuki: Anyway, I was glad to see you so happy, Rui. I hope you have another fun year ahead!
Honami & Minori: Happy birthday!
Honami: Kohane told us about your birthday picnic. That's such a wonderful way to celebrate.
Minori: Sitting around, eating some food... I bet that was super relaxing! I wanna take Samo out for a picnic sometime!
Honami: In that case, I'd love to bring Shibao and have one together. What do you say, Kamishiro? Would you like to attend with Robo-Dog?
Minori: Wow, that'd be fun! Let's have a pupper picnic, Kamishiro! I'll ask when you're free later!
Airi: Happy birthday, Kamishiro! From what Emu told me, it sounds like you had a really nice celebration.
Mafuyu: Testing new equipment, having a picnic... The day must have been full of excitement.
Shizuku: That snow machine from the school trip was already amazing, but I wonder what you made this time.
Airi: Hehe. It's hard not to be curious. Let's look forward to finding out at one of his future shows!
Shizuku: Yes, that's right. I'm excited to see what you do next, Kamishiro.
Mafuyu: I'm also rooting for you to bring your ideal shows into shape. Still, please do try to avoid any injuries.
Tsukasa: Once again, Rui, happy birthday! I'm very pleased that you enjoyed your birthday picnic!
Nene: We went with a picnic because you called us all out to the park, but it was nice getting to take things slow with how busy we've been lately.
Emu: Yeah! I'm feeling super energized after that great rest! Now we gotta keep going all out with our training☆
Nene: And Wonderlands×Showtime will be counting on its director for that.
Tsukasa: Keep doing what you do best, Rui!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: Thank you all for your birthday wishes.
Rui: To think that so many people would think of ways to celebrate my birthday. It's a blissful feeling.
Rui: Of course, I intend to thank you all for making me smile today by putting on more shows.
Rui: I'll bring a dazzling, smile-inducing show to each and every one of you. This, I promise.
(White cut)
