957_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Stoic Villain? (event_136)

Gacha phrase: I'll have some, since you've so kindly offered.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Night]

[Rui's Room]

Rui: Phew... That took much longer than I was expecting.
Rui: But I'm glad that I was able to finish it in time for practice. So, tomorrow...
Rui: I'll show my creations off to Tsukasa and the others, as well as everyone from Mikazukigumi.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Mikazukigumi Practice Area]

Tsukasa: So, Rui, what is it that you wanted to show us?
Rui: Ah, they're something I've been working on in between discussions with the prop team.
Rui: I'm happy to announce that the jitte Ginnosuke and Heihachi will be using are done.
Prop Team Member: Oh, you finished making them?! Can we see?
Rui: Of course. Here's what I made.
Rui: They should still look rather intimidating, but I tried using a material that's both light and soft.
Kijima: Interesting...
Rui: Their lightness should make them easier to wield so they don't get in the way of any involved stunts.
Rui: The softness of this material should also prevent any accidents from occurring. For example, in the event that one were to fly into the crowd.
Prop Team Member: Look at that. It looks like it's made of metal, but it's unbelievably soft...!
Rui: Yes, I worked very hard to get the paint job right.
Rui: We'll be performing in the middle of the street, so our audience will be watching from up close.
Rui: I did my best to both make them look real and ensure the safety of the guests.
Prop Team Member: I see...
Kijima: Wow, these are going to be huge for us...
Kijima: This show involves a lot of stunts and action, which has made audience safety a worry.
Kijima: We can't afford to wait until it's too late. In that sense, these jitte are lifesavers!
Kijima: I'm impressed, Kamishiro!
Rui: Ah, thank you very much. Now all the effort I put in suddenly feels worth it.
Tsukasa: Heh. You see?! That's Rui Kamishiro for you!
Emu: You see?!
Nene: Why are you two acting so proud...?
Tsukasa: Still, these jitte are astonishing... Excellent work, Rui!
Tsukasa: What you brought today was a real surprise since you're always making these strange and weird props.
Rui: We will be using them for Mikazukigumi's show, so I was more than happy to match the prop team's needs.
Rui: That being said...
Rui: I actually made a few others in my spare time.
Nene: Wait, really?
Rui: Yes, they're still prototypes, but they're coming along rather nicely. Starting with...
Rui: These. They're rainbow jitte that glow a hundred colors!
Nene: Why'd you make them light up?
Rui: Hehe. I thought they'd come in handy during any night showing.
Rui: They even leave streaks in the air when you wave them around like this. They'd make for a fun new effect, no?
Emu: Wow, they really are fun and flashy!
Rui: Also, I made some jitte that can transform. When all five combine, they'll turn into a robot. Would you like to give it a try?
Tsukasa: No, that won't be necessary!
Kijima: Wait, actually...
Nene: What?! Mr. Kijima?!
Kijima: A historical drama that involves a transforming robot... I've never heard of anything like that! The kids would love it!
Kijima: I mean, what boy doesn't adore these kinds of robots?!
Mikazukigumi Member: Yeah... It might not be such a crazy idea! Can we take a closer look at those, Kamishiro?
Emu: Oh, I wanna play with them too!
Tsukasa: Wh-What...?!
Rui: There should be a button on the grip. Press it to...
Kijima: Wh-Whoa! This is...!!!
Nene: I thought he made something normal for a change...
Tsukasa: But Rui will be Rui...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro)

[Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park]

Rui: (Phew... I'm glad our final showing went off without a hitch.)
Rui: (We won't be doing any more shows here. It was a long two weeks, but they also seemed to go by very fast...)
Rui: (I wasn't sure what would happen after our prop pot got stolen, so I was incredibly relieved when we managed to catch the thief.)
Rui: (But more importantly... It's time to get some of this park's famed dango.)
Rui: (Since I'm here, I should buy some for Mom and Dad.)
(Black cut)

[Dango Shop]

Rui: Excuse me.
Young Clerk: Oh, welcome. Wait, you're...
Elderly Female Clerk: The boy who played the swordsman in “Ginnosuke's on the Case!” Thank you for coming!
Rui: Huh? Oh, you saw our show...? Thank you for watching.
Young Clerk: Man, you guys were awesome! And those sword fights were so cool!
Young Clerk: Oh, uhh... I'm sorry... How can we help you today?
Rui: I was hoping to buy a box of some of your dango for my family. Do you have any recommendations?
Young Clerk: Then, how about the tricolor set? It's our most popular one. They're nice and gooey when freshly made, but also good when chilled...
Young Clerk: Oh, before you buy, would you like to try one on the house?!
Rui: No, I couldn't...
Young Clerk: No, I insist! It'll be our way of thanking you for putting on such a wonderful performance!
Rui: (They want to thank me...? Then, I guess it'd be rude of me to refuse their kind offer.)
Rui: In that case, thank you. I'd like to try one if you don't mind.
Young Clerk: Of course! It'll be right out.
Elderly Female Clerk: Still... You really are slim and handsome.
Elderly Female Clerk: I've liked cool and calm villains since I was little. Munechika, the silent servant of the evil magistrate... Your battle against Ginnosuke sent shivers down my spine!
Rui: Hehe. I'm glad you enjoyed my performance so much.
Young Clerk: Alright, Grandma, we get it! You love a good villain!
Young Clerk: Sorry if she made you feel uncomfortable. Anyway, here you are. Enjoy.
Elderly Female Clerk: Hey, can't you see he's a big boy? There's no way just one red-bean, one soy glaze and one sesame will be enough! I'll be right back, so sit tight!
Rui: Huh? No, this is more than enough...
Elderly Female Clerk: Alright, here's a couple with soy sauce and sweet soybean powder! These are made with green soybeans and mugwort! Also, a tricolor one... Enjoy!
Rui: Oh, this is quite a lot...
Young Clerk: I-I'm so sorry! I think she's become a big fan of yours...
Rui: No, I'm happy to hear that. I'll try these now.
Rui: Oh, this red bean paste is delicious. It has just the right amount of sweetness to it.
Elderly Female Clerk: Doesn't it?! Have as much as you like!
Elderly Female Clerk: And I'll keep putting more on! Nothing beats these when they're fresh off the grill.
Rui: What...?
Elderly Female Clerk: Here, have some more!
Rui: (I think this means I'm not allowed to leave until I finish eating these...)
(Black cut)

[Thirty minutes later]

Rui: (Oh, I'm starting to get very full.)
Rui: (This is like that all-you-can-eat soba they have up north, but with dango... In that sense, this is a rare opportunity.)
Elderly Female Clerk: That's my Munechika! You've got quite an appetite...!
Rui: Thank you. But I apologize for not being able to finish what you gave me.
Young Clerk: Oh, don't worry about that. The plan was for you to take those ones back with you.
Rui: Huh...?
Young Clerk: So, they're all yours. This box is the one you ordered, and think of the rest as a small token of our appreciation.
Elderly Female Clerk: The ones you're buying are for your family, right? Please be sure to share these with Ginnosuke, Heihachi, the princess, the tea shop girl and the rest of your troupe...!
Rui: Oh...
Elderly Female Clerk: Go on, please take them. I'm sure you're all starving after moving your bodies around so much. This is how we thank folks here at our dango shop!
Rui: Thank you for being so kind... I'll share these with everyone from Mikazukigumi.
Rui: Anyway, if you'll excuse me.
(Black cut)
Rui: Phew... I'm so full that it sort of hurts to walk.
Rui: (And they gave me all these dango too.)
Rui: (But I'm sure Tsukasa, Mr. Kijima and the others are going to enjoy these.)
Rui: (Also...)
Rui: It's always nice to hear directly from the audience what they thought about our performance.
Rui: (We did our final showing here today...)
Rui: (I hope we do just as well during our next show and make everyone who watches smile.)
(Black cut)
