1038_Rui Kamishiro_R2 To The Undersea Show! (event_149)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Morinomiya Music Academy - Rehearsal Room]

Tsukasa: Heh heh heh... We finally get to have our first lesson at Morinomiya!
Tsukasa: The revue has a storied history dating back over a hundred years, and we get to study at its school.
Tsukasa: I've never been this excited in my life!!
Rui: Me neither. We've been given quite an extraordinary opportunity here.
Rui: This is arguably the best place to learn about musicals, so we'll need to make the most of our time here.
Tsukasa: Agreed! However...
Rui: Hm? Is something wrong?
Tsukasa: I'm a little worried about Nene and Emu.
Tsukasa: We get to attend classes with the rest of the boys together, but Nene and Emu have been sent to study with the girls and operations team respectively.
Rui: Right. We haven't been separated like this before now...
Rui: But I don't think we need to worry about them.
Tsukasa: Hm? What makes you say that?
Rui: Nene and Emu have both overcome quite a lot in order to get to this point.
Rui: They both know how to turn their worry and anxiety into fuel for moving forward.
Rui: If anything, they may grow quite a bit while they're away from us.
Tsukasa: Good point... Then, we'll also need to do our very best.
Tsukasa: Starting with our first lesson! Let's go and give it everything we have, Rui!
Rui: Yes, let's improve so much that even they won't believe it.
(Black cut)
Rui: (Our first lesson involves ballet. We're beginning with warm-up stretches and barre work.)
Rui: (Place one leg on the barre and tilt your upper body forwards, backwards and side to side. This is an exercise called “limbering”, intended to make your groin more flexible.)
Rui: Keep your leg in this position and tilt your upper body...!
Tsukasa: H-Hnnggg...! Is this supposed to be this hard...?!
Rui: Professional ballet dancers can do this with ease. I have nothing but respect for them...!
Rui: (The other students are also having no trouble doing this.)
Rui: (Which means this is a basic exercise to them. In that case...)
Tsukasa: Rui?! You can keep going, right?!
Rui: Of course...!
Rui: *Wince*
Tsukasa: Aaarrrghhh...!!!
(Black cut)

[After the lesson]

Rui: ...
Tsukasa: ...
Rui: Flexibility is my biggest foe at this point...
Tsukasa: The same goes for me...
Tsukasa: However, we seem to be doing okay in terms of stamina.
Rui: Yes... Our Mikazukigumi training seems to be paying off.
Tsukasa: That is nice to know... But does this mean we're going to be shouting in pain during every ballet lesson?
Rui: If we don't find a way to become much more flexible very fast, then yes.
Tsukasa: What if we started drinking a liter of vinegar a day, starting now...?
Rui: I'm not sure even your stomach can handle that, Tsukasa.
Rui: Also, what you said is just an old wives' tale. There's no scientific evidence that drinking vinegar makes one more flexible.
Tsukasa: Ah, that's unfortunate...
Rui: However, well... It could be fun to run an experiment to see if bathing in vinegar can help us become more flexible.
Tsukasa: Bathing in vinegar?
Rui: Vinegar helps cuts of meat become softer by causing the protein within to denature, yes?
Rui: So, what if the same applied to our bodies♪
Tsukasa: Yes, because it would make us softer... No, wait! That only works when you're cooking meat!
Rui: Yes, but cooking is based in science.
Tsukasa: Still! Instead of making us more flexible, we'd essentially be prepping ourselves for the grill!
Rui: Unfortunately, you're right. Which means we'll have to keep searching for another way to become more flexible...
Tsukasa: Yes... Unfortunately...
Rui & Tsukasa: *Sigh*
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Morinomiya Music Academy]

Tsukasa: Next, we have our ballet lesson...! The classroom for that is this way, yes?
Rui: I think we're finally getting used to the sheer size of this school.
Tsukasa: Yes! That also goes for our lessons.
Rui: Right. They've all been difficult, but we're starting to keep up well with the others. I believe that's evidence of us growing.
Rui: (Also...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (I'd have nothing more to say if only we'd found a way to become more flexible for our ballet lessons...)
Tsukasa: I know exactly what you're thinking about right now...
Rui: Ah, our minds must be communing.
Tsukasa: To be fair, we're both struggling with the same thing...
Rui: Yes, it's a tough problem to solve. A part of me wishes that I were a mollusk...
Tsukasa: Like a squid...?
Rui: An octopus or sea slug would also do.
Tsukasa: A jellyfish would as well, no?
Rui: Actually, they're cnidarians, not mollusks.
(Background change)
MEIKO (WxS): <We came over to see how things have been going over with their new training venue...>
Miku (WxS): <But they just said that they wanted to become squids and octopuses or something, didn't they?>
Len (WxS): <Wh-What happened to them?!>
MEIKO (WxS): <I don't know...>
MEIKO (WxS): <But based on the way they were behaving, something is definitely bothering them...>
Len & Miku: <!!!>
Miku (WxS): <What do we do...? I want Tsukasa and Rui to smile again...>
Miku (WxS): <Wait! I know☆>
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: Hmm... It looks like Nene and Emu haven't arrived yet.
Rui: Things may be taking a little longer than usual on their ends.
Tsukasa: Right. Then, in the meantime, why don't we practice a little?
Rui: That sounds good. We can go over what we covered during today's lessons and...
Rui: Hm...?
Tsukasa: What's wrong, Rui?
Miku's Voice (Miku-WxS): Tsukasa, Ruiii!!!
Tsukasa: Whoa! G-Got you!!
Miku & Len: Thanks☆
Rui: Nice catch, Tsukasa. Your reflexes are truly superb.
Tsukasa: Wait, you knew they were coming... Why didn't you tell me sooner...?!
Tsukasa: Anyway, what's going on? Neither of you are wearing your usual outfits...
Len (WxS): Hehe. You noticed? I'm dressed as a fish today!
Miku (WxS): And I'm a squid☆
Rui: A fish and a squid...?
Miku (WxS): Yup☆ We're here to invite you guys to come see a show under the sea!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO (WxS): “The sea is full of so many fun and wonderful things! Like now! It's time to dance!”
Tsukasa: Wow...! This show's more intricate than I thought it'd be.
Rui: Yes, they've done an excellent job with the lights. It really feels like we're underwater.
Miku (WxS): Tsukasa! Rui! We even have costumes for you guys to wear! You can be an octopus, a jellyfish...
Tsukasa: Hm? Does this mean we get to be a part of the show?
Len (WxS): Yeah! Don't be afraid to pick the... Uh, sea slug, either!
Rui: ...
Rui: (An octopus, a squid, a jellyfish and even a sea slug... I thought it was all a big coincidence at first, but...)
Rui: Now I see... Then, Tsukasa, why don't we join them?
Tsukasa: Yes! I still don't quite know what's going on, but this looks like fun! Watch as I perform the most elegant octopus dance you've ever seen!
(Black cut)
MEIKO (WxS): Did you two enjoy the show?
Miku (WxS): Did it help to dance around as an octopus and stuff...?
Rui: Yes, the show itself was wonderful.
Rui: But this is all a big misunderstanding. Please allow me to take this opportunity to clear things up.
Tsukasa: A big misunderstanding?
Rui: Yes. I believe Miku and the others here overheard our conversation about us turning into a squid and octopus. That's why you all put on this show for us, yes?
Miku, Tsukasa, MEIKO & Len: What?
Rui: So, that conversation was about...
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): What?! Then, that means we all got the wrong idea!
MEIKO (WxS): We got the impression that you two were being bothered by something you couldn't tell us about.
Len (WxS): So, you guys didn't actually want to turn into a squid and octopus...
Tsukasa: My apologies, everyone. It seems we've made you all worry about us.
Tsukasa: But it was fun to dance around as an octopus and jellyfish!
Miku (WxS): Really?! Thank goodness!
Rui: Yes, my body felt much more flexible than usual for some reason.
Tsukasa: I also felt like I was able to move like a piece of jelly! Could that be because we were playing squishy animals...?
MEIKO (WxS): Hehe. I have to think it's because you've both been working so hard to become more flexible!
Rui: Our hard work seems to have paid off in a curious way, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Indeed! It's a testament to the value of working hard each day!
Rui: Hehehe. Why don't we try doing a few more advanced stretches before our next lesson?
(Black cut)
