1050_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Operation: Meet Santa! (event_152)

Gacha phrase: I'm hoping to meet Santa.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Christmas Day - Early morning]

[Rui's Room]

Rui: Mhm...
Rui: *Yawn*
Rui: Looks like I fell asleep doing my final check of the script...
Rui: Huh? A blanket...?
Rui: I don't remember using one. Mom or Dad must've come to check up on me last night.
Rui: Oh...
Rui: I also don't remember this red and green box being here. It certainly looks Christmas-themed...
Rui: I didn't notice at all. But I suppose I should expect nothing less from Santa Claus. He always brings his presents on time.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Tsukasa: Alright, we're all here!
Nene: We just need to wait for the car to get here, right?
Emu: Yup♪ Hehe. I'm so excited about our Christmas show.
Rui: Me too. Let's do our best today to give the guests at the ski resort an unforgettable Christmas present.
Tsukasa, Nene & Emu: Yes! Yeah!
Tsukasa: Speaking of presents, I received a wonderful one from Santa Claus earlier this morning!
Tsukasa: It was nothing short of all three volumes of the documentary on my favorite star, Seiichi Amami!
Rui: All three volumes? That sounds like quite a lot of content.
Tsukasa: Yes, because it covers everything from the practice up through the final showing of this musical where he played the lead.
Nene: Oh, that's pretty cool. It'd be great to hear what you thought after you've had a chance to watch it all.
Tsukasa: Of course! In fact, we can even watch it together!
Emu: If we're all gonna hang out, we should also play the game I got for Christmas♪ It's called “The Flight of the Papollo!”
Nene: Oh, I think I've heard of that. It's the one where you work together to build a space shuttle and run missions, right?
Tsukasa: A space shuttle?
Emu: You become the executives of an aerospace research organization called KASA and work to develop a space shuttle!
Emu: In his letter, Santa even said, “I recommend this game since it's a simplified example of how to run an organization”...♪
Rui: Hehe. It was kind of him to explain why he chose this present for you.
Nene: Santa? That sounds more like... Well, as long as you're happy...
Emu: Oh, Nene! Did Santa stop by your house?
Nene: Oh, yeah. He did.
Nene: In my case, I got the air purifier I said I've been wanting for a while.
Tsukasa: Ah, an air purifier! That sounds like an excellent tool for taking good care of your throat.
Nene: That's why I asked them to buy... I mean, asked him to get me it.
Rui: Hehe...
Nene: Wait, why are you giggling...?
Rui: Oh, nothing.
Nene: Speaking of which, Rui, what did you get for Christmas...?
Rui: Ah, I was given a volume of the “Full Throttle” sci-fi series. This one asks what life would be like had our ancestors been avian in nature.
Nene: That series again...? I guess it is one of your favorites.
Tsukasa: I'm not familiar... What are you two talking about?
Rui: For each volume, they invite world-renowned experts from a variety of fields who are connected to a subject. The discussions they have and experiments they run are detailed in each of these books.
Rui: As the name suggests, they end up doing very involved research each time, regardless of how silly the topic may seem.
Tsukasa: I see... And the theme of the book you received was...
Rui: “What If Humans Evolved From Avian Animals?”
Emu: Avian animals? Like birds? Or do butterflies and stuff also count?
Rui: Yes, birds is correct.
Rui: Actually, the theme for this volume came from a discussion surrounding one of my favorite animals, the platypus.
Rui: Despite being mammals, they lay eggs, which begged the question. Would it have been possible for humans to also develop such traits?
Rui: This is expanded into discussions not only between biologists, but including experts and scholars from many different fields. I simply can't wait to read it.
Emu: Hehe! You've got such a big smile on your face right now, Rui♪
Rui: Hehe. I plan on reading to my heart's content once we've finished putting on our Christmas show today.
Tsukasa: Yes.
Tsukasa: Just as the presents we received have made us smile, we need to make sure our show sends the audience home smiling!
Nene, Rui & Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

[Scramble Crossing]

Rui: While I wait for the others to arrive, I should work on some ideas for our next show...
Emu's Voice (Emu): Hi, Ruiiiii!
Rui: Emu? Azusawa?
Kohane: Hello, Kamishiro.
Rui: Yes, hello. I wasn't expecting to see you here today, Azusawa.
Emu: Hehe. We bumped into each other along the way♪ She said she's meeting Akito and the others here!
Rui: What a coincidence. We're meeting here before heading off to take lessons at the Morinomiya Music Academy.
Kohane: Yes, Emu told me all about that!
Kohane: It's so amazing how you guys get to take lessons at THE Morinomiya Music Academy.
Rui: We never would've received the opportunity if it weren't for Emu's brothers.
Emu: Hehe.
Emu: Oh, that reminds me! Can you show Rui the stuff from earlier, Kohane?☆
Kohane: Sure, just give me one second. Let's see... My phone should be...
Rui: What are you two talking about...?
Kohane: Hehe. These.
Rui: These are... Photos of our Christmas show?
Emu: Yup! And she did such an amazing job of taking them! Everything looks so pretty and sparkly!
Rui: Yes, the snow and lanterns on the slope are very mystifying.
Rui: You even got the blur just right. It's hard to believe that you took this using your phone...
Kohane: I have a bit of a talent for this kind of stuff!
Kohane: But these aren't the only ones I wanted you to see. Would you mind also taking a look at this photo...?
Rui: It's...
Rui: Shiraishi, Shinonome and Aoyagi all smiling...
Kohane: Yes!
Kohane: When I turned to An and the others to say how amazing the show was, they all had these beautiful expressions on their faces!
Kohane: Hehe. I couldn't help but take a photo.
Kohane: There's also this one...
Emu: After the show, she took a picture with everyone who volunteered to help out!
Emu: I think their smiles ended up even brighter and shinier than the lanterns they made!
Rui: Yes...
Rui: (I made sure to keep a close eye on how the audience reacted throughout the show...)
Rui: (But seeing them all smiling like this does fill me with a sense of relief.)
Rui: Thank you, Azusawa... The photos you took are wonderful.
Rui: They've given me the encouragement I need to get through our grueling lessons at Morinomiya.
Kohane: No, I had a lot of fun as well! I really enjoyed the show, met some new people and got to make a lantern for it.
Kohane: This is definitely a Christmas I'm never going to forget!
Rui: Hehe. I don't think we could've asked for a better review.
Emu: Nope☆
Rui: It's like each show we do reminds us of the importance of working together, valuing your friends and reaching an understanding with those around you.
Emu: Phoenix Wonderland's night show is a perfect example of that!
Kohane: I think I sort of understand what you're trying to say, Kamishiro.
Kohane: You can only see and experience certain things with the help of your teammates and everyone else who is supporting you.
Rui: It seems that the rabbit holes for shows and singing both go very deep...
Kohane: Yes, they do.
Kohane: I plan on working as hard as I can so that An, the others and I get to keep experiencing amazing things!
Rui: We also plan to keep improving and learning as much as we can instead of resting on our laurels.
Emu: Yup☆ So, let's keep doing our best to make lots and lots of people smile!
(Black cut)
