1118_Rui Kamishiro_R4 Magic and Science Combined

Gacha phrase: Witness our magnificent show!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[ASTRO FES - Day 1]

[Ensemble Square - Studio]

Rui: (Tools, drones, miniaturized robots... Digital blueprints for the stage equipment...)
Rui: (Yes, this should be all I need for the effects meeting.)
Rui: (Sakasaki went to fetch some things as well... Chemical components and experimental devices, he said. It may him take a little while.)
Rui: (Still, to think I'd have a chance to work with Sakasaki, the leader and director of the famous “magical” unit, Switch...)
Rui: (I can't wait to see what sort of performance this will be.)
Len (WxS): <Hey, Rui!>
Rui: Hm? Len... And KAITO, as well.
KAITO (WxS): <Sorry to drop in on you. How are things looking for ASTRO FES?>
Rui: Oh, I believe you've come at the perfect time.
Len (WxS): <Huh?>
Rui: You see, it so happens that we'll be holding a joint performance with some of the idols from Ensemble Square tomorrow.
Rui: I'm just about to have a meeting to discuss the direction and effects...
Rui: With a bona fide “magician,” no less.
KAITO (WxS): <A magician?>
???: I'm coming iN, Rui.
Len (WxS): <Ah!>
Natsume: My apoloGIES. Did I keep you waitING?
Rui: Not at all. I was absorbed in my work.
Natsume: WonderFUL. Let's begin our meetING.
Rui: Yes, let's.
Rui: First, I suppose we should go over the basic story.
Rui: We'll be portraying two rival musical groups, who come to understand and accept one another through their performances.
Natsume: YeS, I will play the role of the MagiCIAN, from STELLA. And you will be the InvenTOR, from WORLDS.
Rui: Yes. The two characters are rivals, and compete both in effects and in song.
Natsume: HaHA, these roles certainly are perfect for uS♪
Natsume: So as I see iT, until the midPOINT, we will be free to design performances as we each see fiT.
Natsume: YoU, using your robots and dronES, and mE, with my “maGIC.”
Rui: Yes. The key, of course, is the final performance, put on jointly between the two groups after they've accepted one another.
Rui: In order to highlight how the groups have come together, I would like the final performance to include effects both “invented” and “magical.”
Natsume: I couldn't agree morE. This collaboration is a rare opportuniTY, so I would like to create something new working with yoU.
Natsume: HmM... How about thiS? As a special treaT, I'll show you some of the tricks behind Switch's stage efFECTS.
Rui: You would reveal the secrets of your magic?
Natsume: YeS. Of coursE, magic is effective specifically because it's a seCRET... But if I keep all my cards close to my chesT, how will we be able to work togethER?
Natsume: As you knoW, Rui, we use magic to astound and delight our audiENCE.
Natsume: Our “magic” comes in many forMS: lighTS, screeNS, and so oN. This timE, I would like to use a chemical reactant I developed mySELF.
Natsume: I'll give you a special demonstraTION, so watch closeLY.
Rui: Of course.
Natsume: ...♪
(Background change)
Len (WxS): <He put a bunch of colored liquids in a bottle and is swirling them around.>
KAITO (WxS): <Yeah. What do you think is going to happen...?>
(Background change)
Natsume: TherE... All readY.
Natsume: Abracadabra, chichin pui pui...♪
Rui: ...! Well...
(Background change)
Len (WxS): <Wow! The smoke coming from the bottle is sparkling and shining!>
(Background change)
Rui: It truly is a magical sight.
Natsume: WhY, thank you very mucH.
Natsume: In any casE, this is only one small example of the possibilities when using chemical reactions to produce maGIC.
Natsume: So I wonDER, what kind of scientific breakthroughs could our genius Inventor create with this maGIC?
Rui: Yes, indeed... Perhaps...
Rui: What if we caused it to explode?　
Natsume: ExPLODE?
Rui: Yes. We can load those reactants into air cannons modified to increase force, and deliver them like a firework payload.
Rui: After a powerful shockwave, magic rains from the sky. Wouldn't that be an enthralling effect?
Natsume: AhaHA... They do say art is an exploSION. You certainly are as unorthodox as the rumors sugGEST...
Natsume: But I think it's a fine ideA. This will be a spectacular spelL♪
Rui: Thank you. Hmm... While we're at it, why not add in some lights and...
(Background change)
Len (WxS): <I don't know what it is, but Rui seems so... Energetic!>
KAITO (WxS): <Haha, he does.>
KAITO (WxS): (Rui probably hasn't had many chances to talk to other directors close to him in age...)
KAITO (WxS): (Maybe he's happy to have made a director friend.)
(Background change)
Natsume: YeS, that's a fine plaN. NoW, how will we realize iT?
Natsume: Could you show me the blueprints for the air canNON? I'll also need your data on its range and other specificaTIONS.
Rui: Of course. I'll send you the files now.
Natsume: I seE... YeS, with these specS, there should be no problem implementing the chemical reacTION. I'll perform a practical test straightaWAY.
Rui: Sakasaki. Would you allow me to assist you with this test?
Natsume: Of coursE. As thanks for sharing the bluePRINTS, I don't mind tipping my hand just a little morE.
Rui: Haha, that wasn't my intention.
Natsume: There's no need to maintain appearANCES. I myself am happy to have such a capable assistant by my sidE.
Natsume: NoW, let the magic class beGIN♪
(Background change)
Len (WxS): <Wow! Magic class, he said!>
KAITO (WxS): <Ah, Len! Don't lean out too far...!>
(Background change)
Natsume: HmM? Did I just see something movE...?
Len & KAITO: <...!>
Natsume: Perhaps it was just my imaginaTION?
(Background change)
KAITO (WxS): <We don't want to distract them, so we should head back now.>
KAITO (WxS): <It sure looks like their show is going to be amazing.>
Len (WxS): <Yeah! Hehehe, I'm looking forward to tomorrow already!>
(Background change)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[ASTRO FES - Day 2]

[ASTRO FES Stage]

Rui: (Good. Rehearsals are proceeding smoothly. Everyone is working so well together, you wouldn't think we only just began yesterday.)
Rui: (The performance side only needs a few more tweaks. As for what else needs to be checked...)
Rui: Sakasaki.
Natsume: You want to trial the efFECT, yeS? Everything's all set herE. Just say the worD.
Rui: Thank you. Then let's not hesitate...
Rui: Firing in three, two, one—!
Tsukasa: Whaa?!
Chiaki: What was that sound?! Are we under attack by an evil organiza— Wait...
Toya: Look at that... Rainbow-colored light is falling from the sky. It's beautiful.
Jun: Is this a stage effect? Wow...
Izumi: Come on, don't just stand there chatting. Back to rehearsal. We have a limited amount of practice time on the stage.
Izumi: And you two, maybe let us know beforehand the next time you fire something off?
Natsume: Consider it a surprise presENT. I wanted you all to experience the same fresh new excitement our audience wilL.
Izumi: Is that so? Well, it was pretty, I'll admit that... Alright, one more time from where we stopped.
Akito: Right!
Akito & Jun: ーー♪ ーー♪
Rui: (The trial firing was a success. But...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One hour later]

[Green Room]

Chiaki: Phew. Rehearsal went off without a hitch, so now we just wait!
Izumi: I'm sure you all noticed places you could improve. Work on polishing those before we go on!
Toya: Yes, of course.
Jun: Man, Sakasaki and Kamishiro's effects are amazing, huh?
Jun: It's astounding they were able to put those together in such a short time.
Tsukasa: Especially that rainbow explosion! It was so amazing, I stopped right in the middle of our rehearsal.
Rui: I'm glad to hear that. But...
Rui: The truth is, there was a problem with that effect.
Toya: A problem? It looked as though it went off wonderfully...
Natsume: I'm surE. But all that means is that you were successfully enchantED.
Rui: (Of course Sakasaki noticed as well.)
Izumi: So, what's wrong with it then?
Rui: It was only a minor variation, but the air cannon didn't get the range we wanted.
Rui: The plan calls for the light to fall upon every seat in the venue. But in the test fire, it didn't reach the seats in the rear.
Natsume: UnacceptaBLE.
Natsume: Our goal here is to bring happiness to every person who's come to see uS. That is Switch's duTY— The duty of a magiCIAN.
Rui: Sakasaki...
Rui: You're right. I want this show to bring smiles and happiness to all of our guests. Anything less is unacceptable.
Natsume: HaHA, I knew you would aGREE.
Natsume: Innovation always walks hand in hand with failURE. Let us learn from this mistake and use it to perfect our maGIC.
Izumi: Well, that sure sounds nice. But are you going to have time to do that?
Natsume: No need to worRY. We have a genius Inventor and a genius Magician herE, after alL.
Natsume: When we work togethER, there's nothing we can't dO. RighT, Rui?
Rui: Hehe, certainly.
Rui: (That said... Adjusting the air cannon's specs directly would be difficult. And there's no guarantee a smaller reactant payload would work, either.)
Rui: (Which means...)
Rui: What if we incorporated drones?
Akito: Drones? You mean...
Rui: Yes, the ones I always have with me.
Rui: If we synchronize the drones flying to the outer seats with the air cannon, and have them spray the “magic” from their onboard nozzles...
Natsume: I seE. That way the magic will reach everyONE. Do you have the drones' bluePRINTS?
Rui: I can send you the data shortly... But I'll be equipping them with aerosol-type spray nozzles.
Natsume: I'll need to adjust the reactant mixture someWHAT, theN.
Natsume: Rui, I'll need you to prepare the following for mE.
Tsukasa: Astounding... They're in perfect sync.
Toya: I suppose we have nothing to worry about with the effects.
Chiaki: Right. Let's trust them to get it done, and do what we can ourselves!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later - Before the show]

[Backstage]

Natsume: Thank yoU, Rui. Everything's ready in timE, thanks to your assisTANCE.
Rui: No need to thank me. I've learned quite a lot from you today... And we both simply want to see people smile, after all.
Natsume: YeS. It's exactly that mindset that makes me happy to work with yoU.
Natsume: NoW, soon the curtain will risE. Let's bring our audience a dream that seems so reAL, they'll never believe their eyES♪
Rui: Yes. Together, we'll cast a spell of happiness over them.
(Black cut)
