1126_Rui Kamishiro_R2 A Director's Meticulous Magic (event_158)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Community Center]

Rui: Okay, I'll start explaining how to use these devices.
Rui: I was hoping to be there for the actual event, but I unfortunately have a scheduling conflict.
Honami: No, that's okay. We really appreciate you providing us with the necessary devices on top of coming up with the effects.
Nene: Yeah, thanks for doing all this on such short notice.
Rui: This was actually quite fun since it's a rare opportunity to come up with effects for a reading event.
Rui: Anyway, about these devices... They're designed to be controlled using this remote.
Rui: You do have a long list of effects lined up for this event, but that shouldn't be a problem since everything can be done from here.
Honami: From this remote? That's incredible...
Rui: Hehe. Everything should go rather smoothly as long as the devices are all positioned correctly.
Honami: I see...
Rui: Is something bothering you?
Honami: No, it's just... I'm wondering if I'll be able to control everything while reading at the same time.
Rui: Not to worry. I have that covered. I'll explain while we test everything out.
Honami: Oh... Thank you very much.
Rui: Alright, why don't we start with the snowmaker?
Honami: We'll be using that when the dog reaches the first stop along his journey. The land of snow.
Rui: Yes, I'm thinking that you should let it start snowing right at the beginning of this scene.
Rui: This page in the book. After you say, “The first stop along his journey was a chilly land of snow and ice.” How does that sound?
Rui: I think you'll want to set the stage early for an adventure through a winter wonderland.
Nene: I could be the one to activate it since Mochizuki will be reading that line.
Rui: Yes, I was also thinking that it'd be best to divide up the work. So, I've come up with a timeline of who is going to be doing what.
Honami: Oh...! This will make things so much easier...!
Rui: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
Rui: So, why don't we try testing it now? Would you mind pressing the button for me, Mochizuki?
Honami: Wait, you want me to do it?
Rui: Yes, since the best way to learn how it works is to actually try using it for yourself.
Honami: O-Okay. Umm... The button for the snow is... Oh, here it is!
Honami: Oh...
Honami: That's incredible. It's really snowing...!
Nene: Yeah, it's really pretty.
Rui: Yes, but...
Nene: Is something wrong?
Rui: Well, this may actually be too much snow.
Honami: Too much? I think it's wonderful and leaves a nice impression...
Rui: Yes, that impression may be too strong. Your listeners will likely start focusing on the snow instead of the story.
Rui: You're going to be reading to first and second graders, yes? This is just the sort of thing which they'll find a little too captivating.
Nene: Right. Some kids are really energetic and might even try to touch the snow.
Rui: Precisely. Thus, it may be wise to reduce the amount of snow that's produced.
Rui: It needs to feel more ephemeral. To the point that it disappears before hitting the floor.
Rui: I hate to make you wait like this, but I promise to finish my adjustments in time for the event.
Honami: Oh, it's no trouble...
Honami: I didn't realize that you'd go this far... I'm surprised since I know next to nothing about directing performances.
Rui: Hehe. These sorts of effects are meant to help make the lead shine.
Rui: You can't do too much or too little. If you don't strike the right balance, you end up hurting instead of helping them.
Rui: Which is why it's a director's job to obsess over these sorts of things. It's also why directing is so fun.
Rui: I plan on doing everything I can to ensure the elementary schoolers who attend the event have a fantastic time.
Honami: Thank you very much...! I promise to return the favor sometime after the event.
Rui: You don't need to do anything in return as long as you use these effects to put on a wonderful event.
Rui: Helping put on an incredible show is the best reward any director could ask for, after all.
Nene: *Nod* And we plan on making it a good event.
Honami: R-Right. We promise to do our very best.
Rui: Then, I'll need to do a good job as well. Would you mind meeting for another test run after I've finished making my adjustments?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Nonogi Park]

Rui: (Around here should work.)
Rui: (This seems like a good place to test Robo-Dog's new features. There's plenty of space and nobody else here...)
Rui: First, we can try out...
???: Aha, here you are.
Rui: Oh, Nene, Robo-Nene. What a coincidence. Fancy seeing you both here.
Nene: It's not a coincidence. We've been looking for you. Remember how you said that you'd do maintenance on Robo-Nene today?
Nene: I went over to your house, and your mom told me that you were at the park...
Robo-Nene: How could you leave me behind like that?
Rui: Ah, my apologies. I was under the impression that you two would be by later this evening.
Nene: That's fine and all... But what are you doing here?
Rui: Testing out Robo-Dog's new features. Would you two be so kind as to stay and watch?
Nene: New features?
Rui: Remember how I helped out with your reading event the other day?
Rui: After reading the story, a few ideas popped into my head.
Rui: Some shows have a dog as the protagonist, just like that book. I thought it'd be fun if I gave Robo-Dog a wide array of features and functions to use in such cases.
Nene: For Robo-Dog...? What exactly did you do to him?
Rui: For example, I made him more acrobatic.
Rui: He already had the ability to perform a few tricks, but I made him much more robust so that he can handle more daring stunts.
Rui: Alright, Robo-Dog, jump.
Robo-Dog: ...!
Nene: Whoa! He just jumped like three meters into the air...!
Rui: Excellent. He even stuck the landing as calculated.
Nene: But being able to jump three meters seems kinda excessive...
Rui: Not true. We're always striving to astound the audience, aren't we?
Rui: For example, dodging an enemy's attack could be accomplished with a simple movement. But performing this sort of stunt would be much more impressive, would it not?
Nene: Yeah, I guess...
Robo-Nene: Grr...
Rui: I even installed a dance function.
Rui: Dancing is an integral part of musicals, and I doubt you'd be able to take your eyes off of a dancing dog.
Nene: Wait, he can dance...?!
Rui: Alright, Robo-Dog. Show these two your moves.
Robo-Dog: ...!
Nene: W-Wait!
Nene: He's standing on his hind legs! He's really dancing!
Rui: Hehe. A dog dancing on all four legs wouldn't surprise anyone. He'll need to be able to do at least this to blow away an audience.
Nene: I'd be surprised, alright... Actually, it feels a little too human for its own good...
Robo-Nene: Grrr...
Robo-Nene: I am better than him!
Nene: What...?
Nene: U-Uhh... Robo-Nene?
Rui: Is she trying to show up Robo-Dog?
Nene: Oh... Hold on...
Nene: Does this mean she's jealous of him...?
Rui: What do you mean?
Nene: I think she wants you to give her more attention after hearing you go on and on about Robo-Dog.
Rui: Ah, I see. I apologize for not noticing sooner.
Robo-Nene: I can also dance! Better than him to say the least!
Rui: Thank you, Robo-Nene. It's clear that you are the better dancer.
Robo-Nene: As long as you understand!
Rui: Yes, and I hope you're not getting the wrong idea about what I just said.
Rui: Robo-Dog still requires quite a bit of work. You are still my greatest robotic creation, Robo-Nene.
Rui: When I do perform maintenance on you, I might take that opportunity to install a few new things.
Nene: That's fine, but nothing weird, okay...?
Rui: I know. Anyway, shall we?
(Black cut)
