1159_Rui Kamishiro_R3 Illegal Veggie Dumping (event_164)

Gacha phrase: Well, aren't you observant.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Diner]

Tsukasa: Then, after dodging the ogre's attack, he made his sword flash!
Tsukasa: I couldn't believe how elegant and exhilarating that battle was!
Rui: Just the sort of action which Kikyogumi can offer that Suzurangumi can't.
Emu: Yeah! The air got all buzzy and electric! I was so thrilled that I couldn't take my eyes off of them!
Nene: It was pretty amazing how they were able to express their characters' feelings with so few lines during that scene.
Rui: Yes, it was. It felt to me like their way of saying, “We'll let our action sequences speak for themselves”...
Tsukasa: Yes, but let's not forget all the other incredible scenes...
Waitress: Thank you for your patience.
Tsukasa: Oh, that must be our food.
Rui: The demi-glace rice omelet is mine.
Emu: And I ordered the regular one!
Waitress: Alright, please enjoy.
Tsukasa: There is still much to discuss... But we should eat first!
Nene: Yeah, I am pretty hungry. But I wasn't expecting us all to get rice omelets.
Emu: I decided to order one because of the fair they're having♪ These veggies on the side looked so good too!
Rui: Tomatoes and broccoli...
Rui: Speaking of fairs, Tsukasa, did you see the one for next month?
Tsukasa: For next month?
Rui: It's in the menu by your side... Next month, they're going to be serving Salisbury steaks based on the local delicacies of each prefecture.
Tsukasa: Ah, let's see...
Tsukasa: Oh, take a look at this selection! The one for Hokkaido is covered in cheese, and the one for Aichi uses miso butter!
Rui: Yes, they all seem very delicious.
Rui: I'm particularly interested in some of their stranger options. For example, on this page, the one for Osaka...
Tsukasa: Hold it right there!
Tsukasa: I look away for one moment, and you've tossed all this on my plate...! Keep your vegetables to yourself!
Rui: Well, aren't you observant.
Nene: Seriously, what are you doing...?
Emu: Wow, Tsukasa, you've got so many veggies on your plate now!
Tsukasa: Honestly, isn't it high time that you overcame your dislike of vegetables?
Rui: What? Why do you say that?
Tsukasa: Hey, don't give me that look! You'll have to sooner or later!
Rui: I believe we've already been over this. I don't have to eat vegetables to get the nutrients I need.
Rui: I mean, isn't my height proof enough? Therefore, I don't need to eat them.
Nene: I knew you'd say that...
Tsukasa: Alright, what if you're put in a situation where you have no choice but to eat them?
Tsukasa: For example, there's a chance that we'll perform in a region which built its name on producing quality vegetables. Would you be able to turn down any samples?
Rui: Ah, that is actually a distinct possibility.
Nene: Imagine telling them that you really hate vegetables. I don't even wanna think about how sad you'd make them.
Rui: Obviously, I don't plan on making them feel that way.
Tsukasa: Then...
Rui: Yes. I'll overcome that situation using the perfect plan.
Nene: The perfect plan...?
Rui: I've actually come up with multiple ways to turn such people down depending on the situation.
Rui: When we're brought gifts to our green room, when we're visiting somewhere and a local suddenly appears with produce, or when we're invited to a dinner party...
Rui: There's no telling when vegetables are going to appear in my life next, so I've come up with plans for every situation I can imagine.
Rui: Which is why I'm prepared for any that are thrown at me.
Tsukasa: Why can't you just use that energy to overcome your dislike of them instead...?
Emu: Then, do you also have a plan for if you're cast in a role that involves eating veggies?
Rui: A role that involves eating vegetables?
Emu: Yeah, I mean, there's no telling what kind of show we're gonna do next, right?
Rui: Ah, I glossed over that possibility. I was under the impression that I'd never have to play such a role.
Rui: But the likelihood of me accepting a request of that nature isn't zero, provided I was convinced that I was the only one for the role.
Rui: Which means I'll need to start learning how to make vegetables disappear by pretending to eat them.
Emu: Wow! Like a magic trick!
Tsukasa: Not “like”. That is a magic trick.
Nene: Seriously, you always come up with the most roundabout solutions when it comes to vegetables...
Nene: It'll probably be a while before you overcome this dislike...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Aboard a Train]

Female Passenger A: Kikyogumi's show was so good! And I really liked their new members!
Female Passenger B: Now that we can get tickets at a more reasonable price, I might go to their next show.
Rui: Everybody seems to like the new Kikyogumi quite a lot.
Rui: I was worried that it would take the students a long time to meld with the others and master the story...
Rui: But they managed to put together a spectacular performance in such a short period of time. It was a good reminder of the power Morinomiya possesses.
Tsukasa: Yes, and based on the incredible show they just put on, I believe they have a bright future ahead of them.
Emu: Suzu's also been hearing about how everyone's really enjoying this new format, which has been putting a big smile on her face!
Nene: I checked social media to see what everyone's saying about today's show. People are posting positive comments for the most part.
Rui: Let's see... Ah, look at that.
Rui: Even existing Kikyogumi fans seem to understand the charm and value of this change.
Nene: Yeah. A lot of people seemed pretty apprehensive about the idea of students performing on that stage...
Nene: But it looks like that went away after actually seeing them.
Emu: Hey, check it out! A bunch of them aren't just relieved, they're amazed!
Emu: I'm glad all the hard work those boys put in paid off!
Rui: Hehe. They may be students, but they really are remarkable actors.
Rui: Huh...?
Emu: What's up?
Rui: Hehe. Look here.
Tsukasa: Let's see...
Comment: <The actor I really like is still a student?! He was so amazing!>
Comment: <Those boys brought such a fresh charm to the stage. I really want to root for them now! I can't wait to see how they grow as actors moving forward!>
Emu: Wow! That's great! They already have fans!
Rui: It would seem the opportunity to cheer for them presents its own charm, different from that of supporting established actors.
Rui: After all, fans can enjoy seeing their favorite actors grow and improve.
Rui: So, I hope things continue to go well.
Emu: Me too! And this is Morinomiya we're talking about, so I'm sure they'll do just fine!
Rui: Still, in terms of watching actors grow, we experienced something similar at the Wonder Stage...
Nene: At the Wonder Stage?
Rui: Yes. We had quite a lot of people cheering for us, didn't we?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: Yeah...
Nene: It is always nice to see regulars in the crowd when you're on stage.
Emu: And it's so easy to pick them out☆ I remember waving whenever I saw them.
Tsukasa: We also saw a steady increase in the size of the audience with each show we did.
Tsukasa: I still vividly remember the sea of people we saw during our final show at the Wonder Stage.
Rui: And they all wished us well when it came time to say goodbye to the stage.
Rui: I have a feeling that they were also looking forward to seeing how we'd grow.
Nene: Yeah, you might be right...
Emu: I hope we get a chance to show them just how much we've grown someday!
Tsukasa: If we're going to do that, then we'll need to keep finding ways to improve!
Rui: Right. Let's do our best to surpass their expectations, shall we?
Emu, Tsukasa & Nene: Yeah! Yeah...!
(Black cut)
