1172_Rui Kamishiro_R4 A Step Closer To My Dream (event_167)

Gacha phrase: Let's put on more spectacular shows in the US.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Cafe]

Rui: (Tsukasa and the others don't appear to be here yet...)
Rui: (I think I'll look through that pamphlet I just bought while I wait for them.)
Rui: (The latest film by one of the giants of science fiction, and it's become the talk of the town.)
Rui: (Not only were all the spaceships designed beautifully, the graphics used for the planets were just stellar.)
Rui: (What would I need to do in order to create that sensation of being in outer space on the stage?)
Rui: (Projection mapping is one idea, but that would make everything look two-dimensional. So...)
???: Rui... Rui...
Rui: It'd be best to bring things out to the audience. If I employ some drones, I could...
Tsukasa: Earth to Rui!
Rui: Ah, you're all here.
Emu: Hehe. You finally noticed!
Nene: You were mumbling something to yourself just now. Were you coming up with new effect ideas...?
Rui: Hehe. The film I saw before coming here has helped me come up with quite a few.
Tsukasa: Ah! What did you see?
Rui: It was a science fiction film released the other day. It takes place in outer space, and is quite a fun adventure.
Rui: I decided to go see it after hearing how stunning the graphics are.
Nene: Oh, I might be interested in seeing that...
Emu: Me too☆ Also, Rui, what kinds of ideas did you come up with?
Rui: I was thinking of ways to take the computer-generated universe I saw and recreate it on stage.
Rui: The sensation of traveling through a sea of stars, and watching stellar bodies as they fly right in front of you.
Rui: It'd make for such a fun and stunning experience for the audience, don't you think?
Tsukasa: The feeling of outer space in a theatre! How grand that would be...!
Nene: It does sound pretty cool, but wouldn't it be hard to pull off?
Rui: Yes. I'm wondering if I could use drones to act as stars and such...
Rui: Which would mean somehow miniaturizing them, while also greatly reducing the noise they produce.
Rui: But getting that to work would open up avenues to all sorts of other ideas.
Emu: Ooh, like what?
Rui: For example, how about a sword fight...?
Rui: We could use drones to illustrate sword swings, afterimages and sparks as they parry. Wouldn't that be a sight to behold?
Tsukasa: Oh, that'd be incredibly dramatic...!
Rui: They could even be used during scenes that involve singing and dancing.
Rui: In order to make a dance look more dazzling, the drones could fill the theatre with bursts of light.
Rui: And dim drone lights in an otherwise dark theatre would create more of a mystical feel when people are singing. Those are just a few possibilities...
Emu: We get to dance with magic lights...?! That sounds super duper fun!
Nene: Yeah, and I'm curious what it'd be like to sing in that sort of setup.
Rui: Yes, and it should also be a new experience for the audience.
Tsukasa: You always seem to have so much fun when we have these sorts of discussions, Rui.
Rui: Truth be told, there is nothing else that I find more enjoyable.
Rui: Not just because it's fun to come up with ideas for shows, but also because I have friends who will help make them happen.
Rui: Trusted actors who always seem to go well beyond my wildest expectations.
Rui: All reasons why I can't seem to stop coming up with ideas.
Rui: I've been inspired by quite a few other things, so I hope you're all looking forward to testing out my new ideas.
Tsukasa: We should expect nothing less of our valiant director.
Emu: Hehe. I can't wait to see what you come up with☆
Rui: Incidentally... I've just come up with another idea.
Nene: Just now? Does it involve those drones?
Rui: Yes. For instance, they could be used during scenes that involve explosions.
Tsukasa: Hm...?
Rui: The audience would be able to enjoy a wonderfully compelling effect that's also perfectly safe...
Tsukasa: Stop right there! Enjoying yourself is great and all, but leave explosions out of it!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rui: (Ah, here it is. “The Traveling Troupe”... It's been quite a while since I last read this script.)
Rui: (We did this show not too long ago, but it feels nostalgic nonetheless...)
???: Ah, there you are.
Rui: Oh, what are you all doing here?
Nene: Miku and the others said you were here in SEKAI, so we were wondering where.
Tsukasa: What are you doing here?
Rui: I was looking for this.
Emu: That's... The script for “The Traveling Troupe”?
Rui: Yes. Remember how we ended up performing it in that dream?
Rui: That seems to have made me want to read it again.
Tsukasa: I see... I understand how you feel.
Nene: That show does mean a lot to us.
Emu: Yeah! I know it was just a dream, but getting to put it on together made me so happy!
Rui: Me as well...
Rui: Come to think of it, this show's been involved in our troupe's most critical moments.
Tsukasa: It was where everything began for our troupe.
Tsukasa: Without this show, Wonderlands×Showtime would probably never have existed.
Rui: I agree. It was also the show we used to say goodbye to the Wonder Stage.
Emu: Hehe. The Wonder Stage was so sparkly and full of smiles when we did this show that time...
Nene: Yeah. That's a really nice memory...
Rui: During that dream...
Rui: I believe this show helped us remember what matters most to us, including all of our memories of the past.
Emu: What matters most to us?
Rui: Yes. For example, the moments we were able to grow because we were all together.
Rui: And just how precious the time we get to spend together as Wonderlands×Showtime really is.
Nene: The time we get to spend together... Yeah, I think it was this show that reminded me.
Rui: In that sense, this show has a very special place in our hearts.
Tsukasa: Which is why you mentioned how this show has been involved in our troupe's most critical moments...
Rui: Yes. So, the next time we do this show, we may find ourselves at another crossroads.
Nene: When do you think that's gonna be...?
Tsukasa: Well, all I can say for certain is that...
Tsukasa: The next time we perform “The Traveling Troupe”, we'll need to put on our best rendition of it yet!
Tsukasa: Just another reason for us to keep growing!
Nene: You're focused on the quality of the performance?
Emu: But I agree with him. The next time we perform it, I want it to be even more fun and exciting!
Rui: Yes, I'm not about to let my past self defeat me.
Rui: Since I am the director of Wonderlands×Showtime.
Rui: (What sorts of shows are we going to be able to do as we travel and grow as a troupe?)
Rui: (Just the thought is making my heart dance.)
(Black cut)
