1193_Rui Kamishiro_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Gacha phrase: This is a true birthday surprise.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Days before Rui's birthday]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: And that concludes our Happy Birthday Special Show!
Rui: Thank you. It was wonderful.
Miku (WxS): Hooray! Rui's smiling so bright☆
MEIKO (WxS): Hehe. I'm glad you enjoyed it!
Rui: It was a story full of warmth and kindness.
Rui: The protagonist faced many trials, but received help from many different people on his way to his birthday party...
Rui: And it was a wholly new show, as well. Was it you who wrote the script, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Indeed it was. Miku and the others asked for my help with their celebratory show.
Tsukasa: And no celebration is complete without a party! Thus, I made reaching the party the goal of this little adventure.
Nene: Incidentally, I chose the songs, and Emu did all the choreography.
Emu: It was so much fun thinking up all sorts of celebration dances!
Rui: I did think the choreography seemed packed full of excitement. Now I see why.
Rui: How wonderful to celebrate my birthday with a show all of you worked on. I truly am happy.
Tsukasa: And we're glad to hear that. But that's not all we have for you.
Tsukasa: We may not be able to celebrate on the actual day of, but we'll make up for that today!
Rui: All of you...
Rin (WxS): Tsukasa and Nene, you have school stuff to do that day, right?
Nene: That's right, his hall monitor meeting and my committee work are probably going to run late. And Emu has a family thing that day...
Emu: It's a little sad we can't all celebrate together on your real birthday...
Emu: But we'll have lots of fun today! And send you lots and lots of birthday messages later, too!
Rui: Hehe. I'll look forward to it.
Rui: That said, I feel as though I've already received more than my fair share of celebration.
Tsukasa: Now, now. The party's only just begun.
Nene: He's right. It's a little early to call it quits just yet.
Rui: What?
KAITO (WxS): Okay, shall we move on to our next celebratory activity?
KAITO (WxS): Next up is a stage magic show! Emu, Miku, take it away.
Miku (WxS): You bet! It's time for Miku and Emu's Marvelous Magic Show! Tsukasa and Nene, we'll have you help us too☆
Emu: Ta-da! Behold, a perfectly ordinary box. But what comes out of it is extraordinary!
Emu: Starting with these, to cast a magic spell of happiness on this party! Alakazam!
Rui: Chocolate and cookies... Just look at all those snacks.
Tsukasa: But that on its own doesn't feel especially party-like, does it?
Miku (WxS): Well then, how about this? Our next item is sure to excite☆
Miku (WxS): Alakazam♪
Rui: Oh, look at that. Party hats for everyone.
MEIKO (WxS): And fun sunglasses, too! The frames are shaped like birthday candles.
Emu: It's feeling really party-ish now! But could it be even more party-ish?
Nene: Wouldn't some fun games be just right?
Nene: You know, like that game I've been wanting to play with everyone for a while now.
Emu: Good call, Nene! Your wish is my command! Aaand... Alakazam!
Rui: Is this...a board game?
Nene: This game's really popular for its strategy and social deduction elements, too. I'd really like to play it with you all.
Tsukasa: Then allow me to make a request, as well!
Tsukasa: Fun times require fun music! Let's have some tunes to liven up the mood!
Miku (WxS): You got it! Here comes the fun music♪
Tsukasa & Nene: Hm?
Tsukasa: Castanets and a triangle...and tambourines? What is all this?!
Miku (WxS): Have fun making the music, Tsukasa☆
Tsukasa: You want me to play it myself?! At least give me something that can carry a melody!
Emu: Oops, looks like we didn't get it right. I'll just try again... Alakazam!
Rui: Oh, music is playing on stage. I see you put thought into staging. I'm impressed.
KAITO (WxS): Snacks, party hats, games, music... I think that's just about everything you need for a party.
Luka (WxS): It ought to be a very fun party for sure.
Tsukasa: Well, hold it right there. We're still missing something vital.
Nene: It just doesn't feel like a birthday party without it, does it?
Emu: Oh, right! There was one more thing! Okay, Miku! Let's cast one more magic spell!
Miku (WxS): Right! Here goes! Alakazam!
Rui: Is this a cake?
Rui: All these white, yellow and pink dots along the top... Could they be soda candy?
Miku (WxS): Ding ding ding♪ You got it, Rui!
Emu: It's a custom-made soda candy ice cream cake, topped with your favorite candy!
Rin (WxS): Hehehe. We helped with the toppings♪
Luka (WxS): We worked hard to make it extra pretty.
Rui: Thank you. I'm very happy with it. I can't wait to give it a taste.
Emu: Oooh, that's the biggest Rui smile we've seen today!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! It seems this magic show was a roaring success!
Tsukasa: That's everything we need for the party. Let's have a great day today, Rui!
Rui: Hehe. I can hardly contain myself already.
Rui: (They planned this party for me, got these things together, and even made a cake...)
Rui: (I would be satisfied enough with this, but it seems the fun will continue.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Rui's Birthday]

[Kamiyama High School - Rooftop]

Rui: (Hm. No issues with the movement, and the responsiveness is acceptable.)
Rui: (That about wraps up maintenance on my drones.)
Rui: Ah, another one from Emu?
Rui: (Because we couldn't celebrate on my actual birthday, she's been sending me a message every hour like clockwork.)
Rui: (It was a little surprising at first, but this kind of celebration is nice too.)
Rui: Tsukasa and Nene also stopped by to give me their well-wishes. How kind of them.
Rui: Now then, with my maintenance done, I should head home—
???: Oh, good! You're here today!
Rui: Oh, Mizuki. I didn't realize you were at school today.
Mizuki: Yeah, it was getting to the point I had to show up eventually...
Mizuki: Still, I'm glad I came in today, I guess.
Mizuki: I just remembered earlier—it's your birthday, right?
Mizuki: So I was like, “I wonder if he's still here...” and decided to at least check.
Rui: Hehe. I'm honored you remembered.
Mizuki: Hey, I got you a present and everything! Let's see, where is it...
Mizuki: Here! Happy birthday, Rui.
Rui: Oh, is this soda candy?
Mizuki: I got it at the school store! I splurged a bit and got every bag they had♪
Rui: You certainly don't do things by half-measures. Still...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: It seems like quite a few people have a very strong impression that I like soda candy.
Mizuki: I mean, you do, don't you?
Rui: Hehe, I certainly do. I graciously accept.
Mizuki: Good!
Mizuki: Oh, are you by yourself today? I thought you'd be hanging out with Tsukasa and the others.
Rui: They had wanted to as well, but unfortunately, circumstances didn't allow it. However, they did throw me a celebration over the weekend.
Mizuki: Aw, I see. I hope it was a fun party.
Rui: Hm? Speak of the devil. It's Tsukasa.
Rui: What's going on? Is there something—
Tsukasa: “Good, he picked up! Rui, are you still at school?”
Rui: I am, but... Why, has something happened?
Tsukasa: “No, we're looking for you.”
Rui: For me?
Mizuki: Rui! Look there! Down by the school gate!
Rui: The gate? Is that...
(Background change)
(Background change)
Mizuki: Hahaha! The gang's all here! Looks like they all made the time to come by somehow.
Rui: I wonder.
Mizuki: They obviously did! Go on, go and see them.
Mizuki: They're all waiting for you.
Rui: You're right.
Rui: I'll see you later.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: What a surprise.
Rui: I thought you all had things to take care of today, so I wasn't prepared for this at all.
Emu: Hehehe. The family thing I had to go to ended up getting canceled.
Emu: So I thought, “I can probably still make it to see Rui!” And I came running at full speed!
Tsukasa: And she sent us a message to that effect, too.
Nene: And Tsukasa and I both went into overdrive getting everything wrapped up for our hall monitor and committee work.
Nene: If we're going to celebrate a friend, we should do it all together.
Rui: I certainly couldn't have predicted this. It's a true birthday surprise.
Tsukasa: Well, it was a happy accident rather than a plan. But as long as you're pleased, that's good enough for me.
Nene: Well, now that the star of the day has arrived, let's get this celebration going.
Nene: Happy birthday, Rui.
Tsukasa & Emu: Happy birthday!
Rui: Thank you.
Rui: I thought the party the other day was enough, but there really is something special about having everyone together on my actual birthday.
Emu: It sounds like it's time for Birthday Party 2, then!
Nene: We don't have anything prepped, but we can buy what we need.
Tsukasa: Since we have the chance, I'd like to do something different from the last party!
Emu: We had lots of sweet snacks last time, so how about savory stuff today?
Tsukasa: In that case, why don't we get something with a lot of meat? Hold the veggies, of course!
Rui: (They showed up for me and thought of things for me to enjoy...)
Rui: (I truly can never thank them enough.)
Rui: A second party, you say? This will be a birthday to remember.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000463/bg_s000463.webp)
Minori: Happy birthday! We heard all about your party from Emu!
Airi: She mentioned shows, games and magic... I was having fun just listening to her.
Shizuku: Hehe. Tsukasa and the others must have wanted very much for you to enjoy yourself, Kamishiro.
Airi: For sure! Once again, happy birthday, Kamishiro. We're all hoping you have a great year!
Minori: Be sure to tell us when you hold your next show! We'll come and see it for sure!
Kohane: Happy birthday, Kamishiro!
An, Akito & Toya: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
An: It sounds like you got a whole bunch of soda candy! Mizuki told me all about it.
Toya: So Kamishiro likes soda candy... Maybe we should get him some, too.
Akito: True. Seems like there are a bunch of kinds that you can't find in Japan.
Kohane: Hehe. We'll have to find you some really great soda candy! Please look forward to it!
Honami: Happy birthday! It sounds as though you had a very lively day.
Mafuyu: Otori said you had a lot of fun, after all. You had two whole parties, even.
Honami: If something is fun, you should do a lot of it! That fits Wonderlands×Showtime very well.
Mafuyu: Hehe, that's true. A very happy birthday to you, Kamishiro.
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Rui♪ I'm glad you got to spend your birthday with Tsukasa and the others!
Mizuki: Seriously, that was amazing! Everyone had stuff to do, but they all came running for you.
Ena: They must really have wanted to celebrate with you. It's nice to have friends like that.
Ena: Happy birthday from me too, Kamishiro. When Mizuki told me what happened, it really made me smile too.
Mizuki: We're rooting for you all, Rui. Keep up the good work!
Tsukasa: Once again, happy birthday to you!!!
Emu & Nene: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! “Happy birthday” is a joy to say, no matter how many times one says it!
Emu: And birthday parties are fun no matter how many you have, too! They make everyone so smiley♪
Nene: We got carried away and ended up getting home pretty late... But Rui seemed happy, so I'm glad we all got together on the day of.
Tsukasa: Indeed. And with our spirits revitalized by that fun time together, let us continue our shared march forward!
Tsukasa: We couldn't do this without you, Rui!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: To think I could be caught so off-guard by a surprise...
Rui: I truly am blessed with fine companions. And, of course, with everyone else who has supported me all this time.
Rui: Thank you all for your kind wishes. I'll use my shows to convey my gratitude.
Rui: I hope you'll continue to support Wonderlands×Showtime. And we'll keep on bringing you smiles and joy.
(Black cut)
