1196_Rui Kamishiro_R4 How Far I Have To Go (event_172)

Gacha phrase: I'm not even close...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Rui's Room]

Rui: (My script is slowly starting to come together.)
Rui: (But I'm still uncertain...)
Rui: (Does this scene need to be more subdued, or more intense? The emotions I want to evoke would ordinarily demand intense expression, but...)
Rui: It's already morning... I know it's a holiday, but I probably shouldn't have stayed up all night.
Rui: And I've let all these messages go unread...
Nene's Message (Nene): <How's the script coming along? Don't push yourself too hard and collapse on us, okay?>
Emu's Message (Emu): <Go, inspiration beam! Please help Rui!>
Tsukasa's Message (Tsukasa): <We're happy to talk if you ever feel like you need a break!>
Rui: Everyone...
Rui: Oh, Tsukasa's calling...
Rui: Hello? Do you need something?
Tsukasa: <Don't give me that. Are you staying at home today?>
Rui: Yes, that's the plan. I need to keep working on this script.
Tsukasa: <Then, would you be okay with Emu, Nene and myself coming over later?>
Tsukasa: <We promise not to interrupt your work. We just want to give you some things.>
Rui: Yes, that seems fine.
Tsukasa: <Ah, excellent! We'll let you know once we've arrived. See you then!>
Rui: (They want to give me some things? What could they be?)
Rui: (I am curious, but I need to stay focused.)
(Black cut)

[Two hours later]

Emu: Wow, your room's even messier than the last time we were here!
Rui: I haven't had a chance to clean for a little while.
Rui: Ah, if you're thinking about sitting on the sofa, then you'll need to watch your step. There's quite a lot on the floor.
Tsukasa: Is it even possible to reach it right now...?
Nene: Let's just shove some of the things on the floor off to the side for now.
Rui: I feel terrible about making guests do such a thing.
Nene: Also, is it just me, or do you have even bigger bags under your eyes now?
Emu: Have you been getting enough sleep, Rui?
Rui: I've been taking naps when I can. Unfortunately, today... Rather, yesterday I seem to have pulled an all-nighter.
Nene: I knew it. And you haven't been eating properly either, right?
Rui: Now that you mention it, I don't think I've had anything since lunch yesterday.
Rui: Eating and sleeping take a back seat when I'm working. And when I'm focused, I don't particularly notice their lack.
Tsukasa: I suppose this is what it means to work tirelessly...
Tsukasa: *Sigh* We were right to come here.
Nene: Anyway, this is for you.
Nene: It's full of nutritional snacks, drinks and other stuff that you should be able to have while you work.
Nene: I know the schedule for your homework is looking rough, but you still need to eat.
Rui: Yes, thank you. I'll be careful.
Emu: Also, we brought plenty of other snacks too!
Rui: So many bags... Are these all soda candies?
Emu: Hehe. I bought lots of different kinds for you!
Emu: They should help cheer you up whenever you're super busy or if anything bad happens!
Rui: Hehe. Yes, these should come in handy.
Nene: But that doesn't mean you're allowed to live off just those.
Rui: I know.
Tsukasa: That just leaves me.
Tsukasa: It's clear that you haven't been getting enough sleep lately, so I decided to bring you some helpful goods.
Tsukasa: For example, regarding your naps... This eye mask should help turn them into power naps.
Rui: Oh, it's one of those that you can warm or cool as you please.
Tsukasa: Yes. Please give it a try when your eyes are feeling tired after a long day of scriptwriting.
Tsukasa: Also, I brought some music that should help whisk you away into the world of dreams.
Rui: Oh, what do we have here...? CDs?
Tsukasa: They're the piano medleys I listen to from time to time. Most of the songs have a night theme to them.
Tsukasa: I hope they help you rest your mind and body, to better focus on your work.
Rui: Thank you. I'll give them a listen later.
Rui: Still, you all came over here today just to give me these?
Tsukasa: This is the least we could do for a friend.
Nene: We may not be able to help you with your assignment, but we can provide you with support in other ways.
Emu: You can do it, Rui! We believe in you!
Rui: (I couldn't have asked for better friends...)
Rui: Thank you all very much.
Rui: This show is going to be a little different from my usual ones, but it should be a good one.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Megurine Luka)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rui: (Alright, where's Luka?)
Rui: (I was hoping to let her know that I succeeded on my assignment.)
Luka (WxS): Zzz... Zzz...
Rui: (Ah, she's sleeping on that bench.)
Rui: (While clinging to that cloud cushion again. She must've taken quite a liking to it.)
Rui: (I'd rather not wake her, so I'll just wait until...)
Luka (WxS): Mm... Hm...?
Luka (WxS): Huh...? Rui?
Rui: Good morning. Did you sleep well?
Luka (WxS): Hehe. Like a baby, thanks to this fluffy cushion.
Rui: That's good to hear.
Luka (WxS): Still, Rui, what are you doing here?
Rui: Ah, I came over to tell you that I've finished presenting my show.
Rui: You did give me a valuable piece of advice while I was struggling with it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka (WxS): Oh, right...
Luka (WxS): Did everything go well?
Rui: I was hoping to give you good news, but...
Rui: Unfortunately, I think the best way to put it is that my show failed to meet certain criteria.
Rui: The teachers gave me mixed reviews. They lauded some aspects of it, but its uneven quality left opinions divided.
Rui: One of the criteria was whether the show would be suitable to be shown at ArcLand, and they decided that it was not.
Rui: It was a painful reminder of just how much I have left to learn.
Luka (WxS): Oh, that's too bad...
Luka (WxS): Still, Rui, you seem rather relieved.
Rui: That's because I gave it absolutely everything I had.
Rui: I have points to reflect and improve upon, but I don't regret a thing. I see this as having overcome a significant challenge as a director.
Luka (WxS): Hehe. I'm glad you feel that way.
Rui: Yes. The results aside, I'm quite satisfied.
Rui: Y-Yawn...
Luka (WxS): Oh, you sound sleepy...
Rui: Ah, my apologies... I haven't been able to get much sleep lately.
Rui: Now that I'm able to relax, the fatigue that I've accrued seems to be hitting me all at once.
Luka (WxS): It goes to show how hard you've been pushing.
Luka (WxS): I know. Why don't you rest here for a while? You can even use this cushion.
Rui: Thank you. Then, I think I'll rest my eyes for a bit.
Rui: Oh, this cushion feels much nicer than I realized. And it's just the right softness.
Rui: I can see why you like it so much, Luka.
Luka (WxS): Hehe. Right? Isn't it wonderfully soft and comfy?
Rui: Yes, it really is...
Luka (WxS): Let me know anytime if you'd like to use it, okay? I'll bring it over...
Rui: ...
Luka (WxS): Rui...?
Rui: ...
Luka (WxS): Oh, he fell asleep.
Luka (WxS): This is like the opposite of normal. Usually I'm asleep, and Rui watches over me...
Luka (WxS): Hehe. Nighty night. Sleep tight.
(Black cut)
