120-2 A Team Is Born!

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[The next day]

[Crase Cafe]

Kohane: Hello.
MEIKO (VBS): Welcome, Kohane.
MEIKO (VBS): How was practice today? I heard that it was pretty tough.
Kohane: It was. The time just flew by since we tried to work on as many things as we could...
MEIKO (VBS): Then, I have just the thing to help you recover. Why don't you try some of this new drink I just made?
Kohane: Wow.... Are you sure...?
Luka (VBS): MEIKO, are you open?
MEIKO (VBS): What are you talking about? It's business as usual here.
KAITO (VBS): No, we don't want anything “usual”! We're here to try some of that new drink!
MEIKO (VBS): Wait, how do you two already know about that? I don't remember telling either of you...
KAITO (VBS): I noticed that you'd been testing a few things out lately, so I figured that you'd have a new menu item ready soon!
Luka (VBS): Also, we came to check after bumping into Toya along the way!
MEIKO (VBS): I see. Honestly, how is it that you're able to sniff out these things so fast?
MEIKO (VBS): Anyway, here it is. The chocolate special.
Kohane: Wow, this looks so yummy...! The whipped cream with chocolate chips on top is also really cute.
MEIKO (VBS): I made sure yours isn't quite as sweet, Toya.
Toya: Thank you very much. This cacao aroma is incredibly soothing...
MEIKO (VBS): Valentine's Day is just around the corner, so I decided to make some coffee with some chocolate in it.
Kohane: Oh...
Kohane: (I still haven't decided what I'm going to do about my chocolates for An...)
Toya: Valentine's Day? I guess it is that time of the year already...
Luka (VBS): It's also a time of year when we encounter more yummy stuff! Like this new drink! It's so good♪
MEIKO (VBS): Okay, I'm glad you like it.
MEIKO (VBS): Speaking of which, Kohane, are you going to give out chocolates again this year?
Kohane: Yes, that's the plan. To An, my friends, everyone in SEKAI and...
KAITO (VBS): Oh, us too? I can't wait.
Luka (VBS): Do you already know what you're going to give us?
Kohane: Yes, I have something picked out for everyone.
Kohane: Except...
Toya: Azusawa?
MEIKO (VBS): Is something wrong?
Kohane: Oh, so... The thing is...
(Black cut)
KAITO (VBS): I see. This means you have to win the chocolates you want to give An from this photo contest...
Toya: You said Couleur Chocolat, yes...? I remember Akito saying the other day how the chocolates they make are very good.
Luka (VBS): And they're super pretty! I can see why you want to give these to An.
Kohane: Yes, but none of the photos I took so far have turned out very well...
Toya: Really? But you're so skilled in photography...
Kohane: I like taking photos of other people, but I always get a little nervous when the camera's flipped around.
Toya: I see...
Kohane: *Nod* That's why I was thinking that maybe I'm not cut out for this...
Luka (VBS): Hmm...
Luka (VBS): Question, Kohane! Do you have to send in a picture of yourself?
Kohane: Huh? Oh, a lot of people were uploading selfies, but I don't think you have to.
Luka (VBS): Then, why don't you have someone else be your model? That way, you'd be able to focus on working the camera!
KAITO (VBS): I agree. That'd allow you to make better use of your skills, Kohane.
MEIKO (VBS): But finding a model doesn't sound easy.
Luka (VBS): I know! Why don't you have Toya be your model?!
Kohane: What?
Toya: Me?
KAITO (VBS): That's a great idea! Toya's cool, stylish and photogenic!
Luka (VBS): See what I mean? Also, you might really enjoy this experience since it's not every day that you get to model for something, Toya!
Toya: ...
Toya: I'd like to help you, Azusawa... But are you sure I'm the right person for the job? I've never used makeup before, and I'm not used to having my picture taken...
Kohane: Oh...
Kohane: I-I was actually hoping that you'd agree to be my model, Aoyagi.
Kohane: I also don't know much about makeup, but I'm going to learn what I can to find a look that suits you. So, please...?
Toya: Okay... If you're willing to say that, then I'll be your model.
Kohane: ...!
Kohane: Thank you, Aoyagi! Still, are you sure?
Toya: Yes.
Toya: In return... Would it be possible for you to share some of your chocolate prizes with me?
Toya: I just remembered that Akito said he was hoping to have them again.
Kohane: Oh, okay...! Then, we can give the chocolate bonbons that are supposed to be included to Shinonome.
Luka (VBS): Oh, you're teaming up?!
KAITO (VBS): Good luck, you two.
Kohane & Toya: Thank you!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000276/bg_s000276.png)
Kohane: (I'm still a little worried since I don't really know much about makeup...)
Kohane: (Aoyagi agreed to help me try to win those yummy chocolates for An and Shinonome, so...)
Kohane: (I need to do my best...!)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toya: When should we do our shoot? I'm guessing we have a deadline to meet...
Kohane: So, the deadline for entry is next Saturday...
Kohane: But I need to study about makeup and find a place to do our shoot. Also, that's the only day next week when we're not scheduled to have practice...
Toya: Then, it sounds like we don't have a choice but to do our shoot just before the deadline...
Toya: I'll also try researching what I can by then.
Kohane: Thanks! Let's both do our best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ena's Room]

Ena: Alright, my order's in!
Ena: Thank goodness they still had some of these chocolates left. They were just the ones I've been wanting to try...
Ena: Still, I wasn't expecting Mizuki to say that we should throw a party for Valentine's Day in SEKAI...
Ena: But I guess it'll be fun since we'll all get to have chocolates and I already bought some online too.
Ena: Still...
Ena: I really wanted the ones Colore Mi and Couleur Chocolat made...
Ena: I had a feeling they'd run out, but not in seconds.
Ena: That chocolate-patterned eye shadow and heart-shaped blush would've gotten so much buzz online...
Ena: Hm...?
Ena: A photo contest?
(Black cut)
