Wonderlands×Showtime's training continues as they each pursue their dreams. When they're called over to SEKAI by Rin and the others one day, they find an expansive new land awaiting them!

124-1 The Curtains Rise On Adventure

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[???]

Tsukasa: Wh-Wh-Wh...
Tsukasa: What is this place?!
(Background change)
Rin (WxS): Hehe♪ Surprised, everyone?
Miku (WxS): Yes! Our super secret plan to surprise you guys went off without a hitch!
Nene: Y-Yeah, we're surprised... But what is this place? A harbor...?
Rui: It seems like it... But I don't remember seeing this in SEKAI until now...
Emu: This is so so so cool! Look at the sea! It's so sparkly! And that big boat!
Luka (WxS): Rin and Len were the ones who first discovered this place.
MEIKO (WxS): Yes, and then we decided that all of you had to see it!
KAITO (WxS): We apologize for saying it was an emergency. That must've startled you quite a bit.
Emu: No! I mean, yes, it was startling, but I'm so happy you called us over☆
Rui: Still, it is strange how this place apparently just appeared overnight...
Tsukasa: Strange indeed. Why did it appear? For what purpose?
KAITO (WxS): Good question. I can't say for sure...
KAITO (WxS): But I believe it has something to do with your feelings, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: My feelings?
KAITO (WxS): Yes, because this SEKAI was born out of your feelings.
KAITO (WxS): So, any changes that occur in your feelings can conceivably lead to changes occurring here too.
KAITO (WxS): That being said, it very rarely happens.
Rui: I see...
Nene: But what's changed?
Luka (WxS): Did you start deeesperately wanting to see the sea?
Tsukasa: No, not particularly...
Emu: Oh, then! Did you really, really get the urge to go on a cruise?!
Tsukasa: No, I don't think that's it either... Actually, we went to the beach for that film shoot, so maybe it was lingering somewhere within my subconscious...
Nene: In other words, there's no clear reason.
MEIKO (WxS): Then, let's try exploring this area!
Tsukasa: What?
MEIKO (WxS): We should look around for clues to see how your feelings have changed! Who knows what we'll find?!
Emu: Oh, yes! I wanna go exploring too!
Miku (WxS): Me too! Me too! Let's go see what secrets are hidden in this area☆
Rin, Emu & Len: Yeah!
Tsukasa: Hey, wait! Don't run off like that! We still have no idea what this place is like!
Nene: Oh, geez... Running after them puts you in the same category.
Rui: Hehe. I understand their restlessness. I'm also curious to see what's actually here.
Len's Voice (Len-WxS): Hey, you guys! We can board the ship from here!
Rui: Oh, that sounds like fun. Let's go, shall we?
Robo-Nene: Yes, let's explore to see what this new area has to offer.
(Black cut)

[Aboard the Ship]

Tsukasa: This is truly a big ship... And a well-built one at that.
Rui: But I'm noticing quite a few places where it's been repaired. My guess is that it's been in service for a very long time.
Nene: Which means it's probably been to a lot of different places.
Emu: Everyone, look!
Tsukasa: Hm? Look at what?
Emu: This thing Miku and I found while exploring the ship! Check it out!
MEIKO (WxS): Oh, isn't this...?
Robo-Nene: A map. With several islands charted.
Nene: Wait, there's something written in the corner...
Tsukasa: It says...
Tsukasa: “To the fabled Star Island”...?
Emu: Star Island...?
Rui: *Nod* That's what it says...
Rui: There's a star-shaped island on the very edge of the map. I believe it's referring to that.
MEIKO (WxS): He's right. That's so cute! It looks like some sort of snack!
Tsukasa: An island with “star” in its name... This place intrigues me!
KAITO (WxS): Star Island... And a map that can take you to it...
Emu: Is something the matter, KAITO?
KAITO (WxS): Yes, well... This map may be strongly connected to the feelings that caused this new area to appear.
Tsukasa: Can you elaborate a little further?
KAITO (WxS): This SEKAI was originally born out of your desire to become a star who can bring smiles to people all around the world.
KAITO (WxS): Star Island... This map leading there... They may be of great significance to this SEKAI.
Nene: Yeah... I see what you mean. Then, we should inspect this map a little more closely and—
Len (WxS): Whoa, the wind...!
Robo-Nene: Wind speed recorded at 13 m/s. A somewhat strong sea breeze.
Tsukasa: No, the map!
Luka (WxS): Oh, it flew away.
Tsukasa: Don't just stare! It's game over if we let it fall into the water.
Tsukasa: We need to catch it somehow...!
Emu: Hey, look! There's a biiig bird flying up above!
Tsukasa: No, we don't have time for that right—
Tsukasa: Wait, what the...?! “Big” is putting things far too lightly!
Rui: This bird. Isn't it a...?
Robo-Nene: Red feathers that appear to be burning... A long, sharp beak and a wingspan of at least three meters...
Robo-Nene: I may be mistaken, but it appears to be a mythical creature known as a phoenix.
Tsukasa: Wh-What?! A phoenix...?!
Emu: Wow☆ It's a real phoenix! This is so cool!
Nene: But they don't exist in real— Oh, I guess that doesn't matter in SEKAI...
Tsukasa: Get down...! It's coming right for us!
Rin (WxS): Th-That was scary...!
KAITO (WxS): Is anyone hurt?
Len (WxS): We're okay! Wait, where'd the map go?
Tsukasa: Oh, I forgot! Where could it have gone...?
Emu: Oh no! Look, everyone! I think it got hooked on that phoenix's wing!
Tsukasa: What?!
Luka (WxS): Oh dear...
Nene: Wh-What do we do? We're gonna lose sight of the phoenix at this rate!
Tsukasa: Let's chase after it!
Tsukasa: We're going to catch it and retrieve that map...!
Rui: I agree... Especially since that map seems to hold the key to understanding why this place appeared.
Miku (WxS): Alright, let's go! Operation: Get the Map Back From That Phoenix is a go!
Emu: Yeah, let's go! Ready, you guys?!
Rin & Len: Yeah!
(Black cut)
