Minori Hanasato dreams of becoming an idol, but keeps striking out at auditions. She keeps her head high though, determined to follow in the footsteps of Haruka Kiritani, an idol she adores. To her surprise, one day she learns that Haruka has left her idol group and stopped performing...

mmj_01_00 Opening

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

(Fullscreen text): I was born with bad luck.
(Fullscreen text):              If I went on a picnic, it would rain. No amount of lucky weather charms ever worked.
(Fullscreen text): My new hat would get blown away by a gust of wind,            my favorite shoes would get splashed                            by a passing car...
(Fullscreen text):        No matter how hard I tried, so many things would still go wrong.           And I just got sick of it...
(Fullscreen text): That's when I saw Haruka on TV.              She was an idol.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Minori's Mom: Minori, your stomach medicine's on the living room table. Call me at work if you need anything, okay?
Little Minori (Minori): Okay...
Little Minori (Minori): (I'm totally playing hooky today. I know it's not good to, but I just don't feel like going...)
Little Minori (Minori): (Everyone's probably still angry at me for dropping the baton during that race...)
Little Minori (Minori): (It's always like this... I do everything I can, but things just never go well.)
Little Minori (Minori): If things are always going to end badly, maybe I should just stop trying...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Little Haruka: Hi everyone! I'm Haruka Kiritani of ASRUN! 
Little Minori (Minori): Huh?
Little Minori (Minori): (Did Mom leave the TV on?)
Little Haruka: I'll be singing solo for the first time today. I'm really nervous, but I hope this song will cheer everyone up!
Little Minori (Minori): Is she an idol? She looks about my age! 
Little Haruka: ♪〜～～～
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_a000001/bg_a000001.png)
Little Minori (Minori): Wow!
Little Minori (Minori): She's so pretty! And she's really good at dancing!
Little Minori (Minori): (She's sparkling... This is amazing!)
Little Haruka: Thanks for listening!
Little Minori (Minori): (Would I be able to sing and dance like that too if I practiced real hard?)
Little Minori (Minori): But...even if I try, it'll just end up being...
Little Haruka: Tomorrow will always be a better day!
Little Minori (Minori): What?
Little Haruka: It's my mission as an idol to give hope to everyone. 
Little Haruka: So I'll keep going! I'll keep trying to always be the idol who gives you hope for a better tomorrow!
Little Minori (Minori): Tomorrow will always be a better day...
Little Minori (Minori): Is that true? If I keep trying, will my better tomorrow come one day too?
Little Minori (Minori): ...
Little Minori (Minori): Okay. I'll go to school, apologize to everyone about the race, and promise to try harder!
Little Minori (Minori): (It's amazing how much that one sentence was able to cheer me up!)
Little Minori (Minori): Haruka Kiritani...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

[Some years later]

[Miyamasuzaka]

Minori: Please let my application be accepted this time!!
Minori: Yes! It's in the postbox. Now all I have to do is wait for the results to be... Wait, look at the time?!
Minori: I-I need to hurry!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: One, two, three, four! One, two, three... yikes!
Minori: Ow...
Minori: Sigh... I can never get this part right. Guess it's time to pack up for the day.
Minori: N-No, wait! You can't just give up now, Minori! Think about Haruka! Her training must be a million times tougher than this!
Minori: I just gotta have faith that tomorrow will always be a better day! And that my application will be accepted!
Minori: So I have to keep trying! Until I can become an idol like Haruka myself one day!
Minori: Huh?
Minori: Did my phone just flash?
Minori: Untitled? I don't remember downloading this song. 
Minori: Wh-What's happening?!
(Background change)

[???]

Minori: Ugh... Where am I?!
Minori: I was on the rooftop practicing... How did I get here?!
Minori: I must be dreaming...right?
Minori: This place kinda looks like a concert hall for idols. Everything's so adorable!
Minori: (Maybe I'll perform on a stage like this too one day...with Haruka! Naaah, there's no way.)
Miku (MMJ): Hello, Minori!
Minori: Wha?! Wh-Who are you?! Hang on... Miku?
Rin: Don't forget about me! Welcome to your SEKAI, Minori!
Minori: Rin's here too?! I knew it. This has to be a dream. How would I be talking with Miku and Rin otherwise?
Miku (MMJ): It's because this is your SEKAI.
Minori: Huh? SEKAI?
Rin: Yes! A world born from all of your feelings!
Rin: And we're here because we want all of you to find your true feelings again, right here in this SEKAI.
Miku (MMJ): Right! Because when you do, those feelings will then give birth to songs.
Minori: True feelings? Songs...?  S-Stop! Hold it! I have no idea what you're talking about at all...
Rin: Hm? Not even an inkling?
Rin: But, well... It seems like you already know your true feelings.
Minori: My true feelings?
Minori: What are you talking about? Do you mean my dream to become an idol?
Miku (MMJ): Maybe? Whatever the case, you should hold on to those feelings and never let them go.
Miku (MMJ): Because all of the others are on the verge of forgetting about theirs.
Minori: Um, can you be more specific?
Miku (MMJ): It's almost time for the show to start!
Miku (MMJ): I'll see you around, Minori! As long as you and the others have the same feelings, we'll all meet again in this SEKAI one day!
Rin: What she said! We're rooting for all of you! 
Minori: Uh, w-wait!
(Background change)
(Place: Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop)
Minori: Atchoo!
Minori: Wha-wha-wha? I fell asleep?! 
Minori: On the roof, of all places... I must be tired.
Minori: And I was having this really funny dream, too... Oh well! Back to practice!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Are my documents in order?
Teacher: Yes, they are. Everything we need is here. But...are you certain about this?
Haruka: I am. I've already made up my mind...
Haruka: I'm going to quit being an idol.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Minori: I think I've rested enough. Time to get cracking on that part of the routine I keep tripping over!
Minori: As long as I keep practicing, I'll definitely become an ideal idol like Haruka one day! More, more!
(Black cut)
(Video: idol_opening)
(Black cut)
