42_Akito Shinonome_R2 Vivid BAD SQUAD

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Kamiyama Street]

Akito: I got here faster than I expected...
Akito: I guess I can pass the time before Toya gets here by checking the recording from the other day.
Akito: ...
Akito: (The intro's fine, and the next part has a good build-up too.)
Akito: (But the moment we enter the chorus sucks.)
Akito: ...
Akito: (Sigh... Every time, there's just something off with it.)
Toya: Oh, looks like I kept you waiting.
Akito: Sup, Toya.
Akito: Listen to this.
Akito: I need your opinion on the chorus here and also at the end.
Toya: Sure.
Toya: ...
Toya: (That's the start of the chorus... Hmm, that's odd.)
Akito: So?
Toya: There's no change of pace between the verse and the chorus, so it's not very satisfying, is that it?
Akito: I was just thinking that there was something off about it...
Akito: So you're saying it's the pace? I guess that's it.
Toya: But you've picked up on that, so you can fix it.
Toya: There's also that last chorus...
Akito: Yeah. What do you think?
Toya: It's quieter than the rest of the song.
Akito: Aah, of course!
Akito: Crap... This makes me sound like a total amateur.
Toya: I don't think anyone would notice unless they were actively listening out for mistakes.
Akito: Yeah, as if. I've got to do better than that. Besides, you'd notice.
Toya: I suppose so...
Akito: See?
Akito: And I'd hate that more than anything.
Toya: I see.
Akito: Besides, nowadays we often sing together with Kohane and An.
Akito: Even if they don't have your perfect hearing, they'll be able to tell something wasn't right.
Akito: You may be right about the crowd, they may not notice.
Akito: But it'd bug the heck out of me knowing you guys can hear me putting on a subpar performance.
Toya: Right.
Toya: ...
Akito: Why are you staring at me like this?
Toya: No reason.
Akito: You don't stare at people for no reason.
Akito: Just say it. It's gonna bother me now if you don't.
Akito: Some emotion is peering through your poker face for a change, so don't try to cover it up.
Akito: (He's my partner. I need to know what he's thinking.)
Toya: Is something wrong?
Akito: No, I'm just waiting for you to tell me what's on your mind, so hurry it up.
Toya: It wasn't anything important. I was just mildly shocked that you indirectly admitted you think highly of Azusawa and Shiraishi.
Akito: ...
Akito: Can't deny they're two of the best singers our age I've met.
Toya: That's high praise coming from you.
Akito: No, it's just a fact.
Akito: Anyway, let's start our practice.
Akito: Bear with me until I get all the kinks ironed out in my part. I'm not going to give a half-baked performance when our next gig comes up.
Toya: Yes, of course.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

[Vivid Street]

Akito: New stuff came in, I see. Probably for the new season.
Akito: Manager! I'm going to open those boxes.
Manager: Thanks! Can you put the new outfits on display too?
Akito: Sure.
Akito: (A perk of working here is that I get to check out the new arrivals before anyone else.)
Akito: (I'll take my time inspecting the goods while there are no customers...)
(Black cut)
Kohane: Will Shinonome be in?
An: He normally works this shift... There he is!
Akito: Ugh...
Kohane: Uh, h-hello, Shinonome.
An: Told you!
An: I figured out his shift schedule based on when he comes to my dad's cafe!
Kohane: Wow! That's some neat detective work, An!
Akito: If you're not buying anything, can you just leave?
An: Don't try to chase out your customers. Oh, it's the manager! Haven't seen you in a while!
Manager: Hello, An. You brought a friend today?
An: That's right! She's—
Manager: Sorry, I've got to take this call!
Manager: You look after our customers, Akito.
Akito: Sure.
Akito: Sigh... What a pain in the neck...
An: Oooh, what sort of attitude is that for a staff member?
Akito: Get off my back, An. What do you guys want?
Kohane: Um... I'm... I'm looking for some new clothes...
Akito: What sort?
Kohane: Well... Something stylish, like what An wears, that I could use for our gigs...
Akito: Alright. I've got this, and this. Which one do you like?
Kohane: You want me to choose from these two? In that case, the one on the right?
Akito: Okay. Now, this one or that one?
Kohane: The one on the left?
Akito: Hmph, you're quick to make up your mind.
Akito: I got an idea of what your taste is like. Wait here.
(Black cut)
Akito: How's this? It goes well with the other items.
Kohane: Wow, that's so cool! Thanks, Shinonome!
An: Yeah, that looks good. Why don't you try it on, Kohane?
Kohane: Oh yeah! Is that okay?
Akito: The fitting rooms are that way.
Kohane: I see. Thanks!
Akito: Handle the stuff with care, though.
Kohane: Huh?
Akito: That shirt you're holding in your left hand's a hundred thousand yen.
Kohane: R-Really?
Akito: Damage it or get dirt on it and you'll have to pay compensation.
Kohane: C-Compensation?!
An: Kohane, this store caters to high school kids. There's no way they'd carry items that expensive.
Kohane: What do you mean?
Akito: You just had to ruin my fun, didn't you? Meh, whatever. Go try the outfit on, Kohane.
(Black cut)
Kohane: I put it on... How does it look?
An: Hmm... It looks big on you.
Akito: Yeah. The colors match fine, though.
An: Can you find her a smaller size in a similar color?
Akito: (Hmph. Her fashion sense isn't bad.)
Akito: I've got something that fits the bill. Here, try this.
An: Oh, this is nice! It's just right! Try it on, Kohane!
Kohane: O-Okay!
Kohane: Um, Shinonome...
Akito: Hmm?
Kohane: I, um...wanted to thank you. For helping me pick a new outfit.
Akito: It's my job. And besides...
Akito: I had to make sure you don't buy a horrible outfit and damage the store's rep.
(Black cut)
