43_Akito Shinonome_R3 Bristling Irritation

Gacha phrase: We'll crush them with our singing.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Vivid Street]

Akito: Thank you for visiting!
Akito: (That was the last customer. I should have a bit of leeway now to...hm?)
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
Akito: (Toya's already outside, which means my shift is probably almost over.)
Akito: (I should finish some urgent stuff first before leaving.)
(Black cut)
Akito: Thanks for the day, everyone!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama Street]

Akito: Sorry, were you waiting long?
Toya: You're just on time. Don't worry about it.
Akito: Great. So, about our next event...
Akito: The set list from the previous show felt pretty good. I think we can stick with that and...
Toya: ...
Akito: What is it? Why do you keep staring at me? Is there something on my face or what?
Toya: No, I was just thinking about how expressive you are.
Akito: What? What's that supposed to mean?
Toya: Your smile is so soft when entertaining customers, but you also tend to look scary from time to time.
Akito: Scary... That's a pretty mean way of putting it.
Toya: But it's true.
Akito: Well, I'll admit I may put on a scary face sometimes...
Toya: That reminds me. When we first started singing together, your face would sometimes turn scary all of a sudden too.
Toya: That really surprised me back then.
Akito: When you were talking about your father, right?
Akito: I was just angry that he seemed to be mocking our music, that's all.
Toya: I see.
Toya: (Akito's serious about his music, so he can't help but feel strongly when someone tries to belittle it.)
Toya: (If I told him he really saved me when he got angry on my behalf that day, he'd probably say I was being dramatic...)
Akito: What're you thinking about this time? If you have something to say, just say it.
Toya: No, I wasn't trying to say anything. I was just lost in thought...
Akito: Sigh...
Akito: You, on the other hand, should really let your emotions show on your face more often.
Akito: Sometimes I just don't understand what's on your mind.
Toya: Yes... I get that comment a lot.
Toya: Personally, I think I express my joy and anger quite normally, though...
Akito: Well, it's just a matter of getting used to it.
Akito: Let's try something... Give me an angry face.
Toya: Okay... How about this?
Akito: That doesn't look anything like an angry face. Okay, next. Give me a smile.
Toya: Right... Like this?
Akito: It's not very different than before.
Toya: Sorry...
Akito: You don't have to apologize for anything...
Akito: Still, your expressions are so natural when you're singing. Why's it so hard for you to do the same in your daily life?
Toya: I was hoping to become better at that by learning from you.
Toya: Except your scary face.
Akito: Don't worry. No matter what scary thing you're thinking of, I highly doubt it'll ever show on that poker face of yours.
Toya: That can't be true. I may...smirk. I guess.
Akito: Sure, that'll be the day. Anyway, let's get back to talking about our next show.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Kamiyama High School]

Akito: Sigh... I'm dying from hunger here. Toya, let's go to the school store.
Toya: Sorry, Akito. Can you wait for just a little longer?
Akito: Sure, but...why?
Toya: I need to talk to someone.
(Black cut)
Toya: Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Oh, if it isn't Toya! What's the matter? Do you need something from me?
Toya: Well, I just wanted to say thank you... Thank you for your help that day.
Tsukasa: Ah, you mean that time when you were standing around all spaced out? I didn't do anything much, though.
Toya: But I just thought I had to thank you anyway...
Akito: What happened between you guys?
Tsukasa: Oh, Akito's here too?
Tsukasa: As a matter of fact, I resolved your partner's distress just the other day in the most glorious way! Ha ha ha ha!
Akito: Of course you did. How could I have ever guessed? By the way, Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: Hm? What is it?
Akito: There's a bug on your shoulder. Big one.
Tsukasa: Wha?! A bug?!
Akito: Uh oh. It just went inside your clothes because you moved...
Toya: Tsukasa, I saw the bug flying off somewhere just now. You're fine.
Tsukasa: Huff... Huff... So it's not here anymore? Thank the stars...
Toya: Akito...
Akito: Aww, I'm so happy for you, Tsukasa.
Toya: Cut it out...
Toya: Anyway, once again, thank you, Tsukasa. You really did save me back then.
Toya: That's all I wanted to say. Well, we have to go now...
Tsukasa: Oh, wait! I just remembered! Let me see... They should be in this pocket...
Tsukasa: Found them! Here. You guys can have these tickets.
Toya: What are these?
Tsukasa: Entry tickets to Phoenix Wonderland! I'll be performing a new show there soon, so use them to come behold my most majestic presence on stage!
Toya: I appreciate this gesture, Tsukasa!
Akito: Come on, two high school boys going to a theme park together by themselves? You've gotta be kidding me...
Tsukasa: True... Just the two of you does seem a little lonely.
Akito: So you can have these tickets bac—
Tsukasa: Very well! I cannot ignore such a reasonable request from the friend of Toya, an honorary member of my fan club!
Tsukasa: Two more tickets specially for you!
Tsukasa: Now you can ask more friends to join you and dispel that fog of solitude from your outing! Just be sure to be there! Hahahaha!
Akito: Ah, wait... Hey!
Akito: He's gone... And I didn't even ask for more tickets. Toya, what are you gonna do about these—
Toya: Tsukasa's performance... What's it going to be like?
Akito: (H-He's really keen about this...)
Akito: (I'm aware they've known each other for a really long time, but why is Toya so attached to him?)
Akito: (Did something happen between them in the past?)
Toya: Akito, are you listening?
Akito: Hm? Oh, sorry. I wasn't listening.
Toya: I asked you if you wanted to give the two remaining tickets to Azusawa and Shiraishi.
Akito: Whoa... Wouldn't that make them think we're inviting them to come along with us?
Toya: That's fine by me.
Toya: I did make them worry about me, so this will be a good way for me to make amends.
Akito: Sigh... Yeah, I guess we can't keep owing them favors. We'll ask them the next time we visit the shop.
Toya: Yes, let's do that. It's already quite late. We should head for the school store before all the food gets sold out.
Akito: No thanks to you approaching that guy to talk!
Toya: Don't call him that. His name is Tsukasa.
Akito: Fine, fine! C'mon, let's go already!
Toya: Okay.
Akito: (Didn't get to ask what happened between them in the end.)
Akito: (I guess I'll just have to save that for next time.)
(Black cut)
