136_Akito Shinonome_R4 Because We're Partners (event_6)

Gacha phrase: Protect me? From what, exactly?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

(Background change)

[Kamiyama Street]

An: Kohane and I are this way, so we'll see you later!
Akito: Yeah. See ya.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Toya: Seems like Azusawa and Shiraishi are back to normal.
Toya: It looks like your talk with Shiraishi really had an effect on her.
Akito: Maybe. Anyway, I knew those two were strong enough to weather this storm.
Toya: True. I guess we didn't need to worry much.
Akito: Hey, I wouldn't band together with someone I didn't believe in.
Akito: An's got her eyes on outdoing RAD WEEKEND, and she's smart enough to understand how important partners are for that.
Akito: To put on an event like that, your team has to fit together seamlessly and run like clockwork.
Toya: I guess that's why she was searching for someone to team up with for so long.
Akito: But it was a surprise that she'd pick someone like Kohane...
Akito: That's her choice, and I get that she wants to take care of her now that they've done some stuff together.
Toya: Well, if you believed in them that much, you could've given her the news a little differently...
Akito: What do you mean? I said things as clearly as I could.
Toya: I guess...
Toya: Akito... Do you think something like this happened to us too?
Akito: What are you talking about?
Toya: I just thought that maybe you understood Shiraishi's feelings right away because you've experienced that yourself.
Akito: As in... If I tried to protect you or something?
Toya: Yeah.
Akito: Don't be dumb, I never did.
Akito: (As if Toya ever needed me to take him under my wing...)
Akito: (I approached him out of curiosity because I thought he sounded pretty good...)
Akito: (Then I found out he wasn't just good. He was a natural with a musical background and intuition way out of my league.)
Akito: (I couldn't have hoped for a better partner for trying to realize my goals.)
Akito: (But I had to step up my game to keep up with him, so I practiced like it was nobody's business.)
Akito: (I couldn't let the fact that I wasn't as talented stop me...)
Toya: Akito...? Is something wrong?
Akito: No, it's nothing.
Akito: But we gotta figure out what we're gonna do until the outdoor gig...
Toya: A month can go by really fast.
Akito: Yeah. We can't let a single day go to waste.
Akito: How about we check out the event schedule at a few clubs before we head home?
Toya: Yeah. Sounds good.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

[Street SEKAI]

Len: Hey, it's Akito and Toya! Are you going to MEIKO's cafe?
Akito: Nah, we've got a gig tonight, so we came over to kill some time and rehearse.
Len: Oh, I was just about to start practice too!
Len: I know a good place. Want to come along?
Akito: Sure, why not. Where is it?
Len: It's my special secret spot for practicing! I normally keep it to myself, but I don't mind showing you.
Akito: Fine, I'll bite. Toya, you okay with going with Len?
Toya: Yeah, sure...
Len: Alright! Follow me!
(Black cut)
Len: By the way, isn't there something you want to tell me?
Akito: Huh? Tell you about what...?
Len: You know, isn't there something on your mind? Something you want to talk about?
Toya: No, not really...
Akito: Hey, stop beating around the bush and just tell us.
Len: Oh, come on! I mean Kohane and An, obviously!
Akito: Oh, that.
Len: You can always talk to me when you're having problems with your partners!
Toya: Oh, okay. You wanted us to do that.
Akito: But I knew that they'd sort things out by themselves, so I wasn't really worried.
Len: Hmm. Really?
Len: You know, Miku said almost the exact same thing.
Akito: Really? What did she say?
Len: “They'll sort it out between themselves.” She pretended not to notice what was going on.
Akito: Oh?
Len: I think that part of her is really cool.
Len: But I'm not like that. If someone's having a rough time, I want to lend them a hand.
Toya: We're the same then...
Toya: My friends are always helping me out. I really want to do something for them too.
Len: Yeah, that's exactly how I feel.
Toya: I owe Akito the most, so I'm always thinking of ways to help or support him...
Toya: But he's got it all together, so I never get any opportunities to do that.
Akito: Hm...?
Toya: On one hand, it's great that he's so independent, but a little frustrating at the same time.
Len: Hmm, I think I see what you mean...?
Akito: Toya, you really didn't know...?
Akito: I rely on you a lot.
Toya: You do...?
Akito: Sure. There were a lot of things I couldn't do before we teamed up.
Akito: When I was by myself, I just glossed over so many things and tried to just force my way over each hurdle.
Akito: But your musical talent made me realize that it wasn't good enough.
Toya: I see... So I did help you improve in some way.
Akito: If you didn't, we wouldn't still be partners.
Len: I noticed this about you too, Akito... You're surprisingly frank or earnest sometimes.
Akito: What are you talking about? I'm just speaking my mind.
Akito: Anyway, we've been walking a while. We not there yet? How much longer is it?
Len: Huh?
Len: Oh no! We already passed it by!
Akito: Dude... Get it together...
Len: I'm really sorry! You've got a gig tonight and I ended up wasting your time... Let's backtrack a bit!
Toya: There's no rush. We still have plenty of time.
Akito: Yeah, it's no big deal. We can stick around a while longer.
(Black cut)
