166_Akito Shinonome_R4 Waiting For You (event_12)

Gacha phrase: You've been working hard, Toya.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

An's Father: Hey, Akito. Just you today?
Akito: Yeah, just dropping by on the way to work. Can I get the usual blend?
An's Father: You got it.
Akito: Sigh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya: But if this drags on, I'll just cause problems for our group.
Toya: So I've decided that I'm going to talk to him today...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (He has to sort out his issues with his dad by himself...)
Akito: (So I really should just be patient and give him space but...)
Akito: Sigh...
Akito: (I wonder if he actually did manage to talk to his dad...)
Akito: (Based on what Toya said himself, his old man's as stubborn they get.)
Akito: (But at the same time, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree, I guess...)
Akito: ...
An's Father: Why the cranky look? And here's your coffee.
An's Father: Oh, also... Want some free cookies to go with it? They're pretty good.
Akito: No, thanks. That's more up Toya or Kohane's alley. I'm not a little kid that gets lured in by sweets.
An's Father: Hahaha. Suit yourself.
An's Father: So why is my very grown-up customer sighing and scowling this much today?
An's Father: I'm guessing you're worried about Toya, right?
Akito: Yeah, that's right...
Akito: Sigh... If only our dads were like you, Ken.
An's Father: Hmm? I know about Toya's father, but you too...?
An's Father: Is yours another difficult one too?
Akito: Well, you could say that.
Akito: I've told you about my older sister, right?
An's Father: Yeah, you keep complaining about her. Something about being her personal servant?
An's Father: Ah, I see... Do your father and sister not get along?
Akito: That'd be a huge understatement. My sister, Ena, can't stand our dad.
Akito: She used to flip out when she was in junior high anytime he saw his face, and took it out on me sometimes too...
Akito: Seriously, why do I have to get all caught up in her issues?
An's Father: ...
Akito: Back then, the only way I could think of calming her down was to run out to the store and get her ice cream or something, and now she's gotten too used to it.
Akito: She's shrewd like that, but she goes berserk if something starts bothering her. Luckily, I don't have to worry about her now like I did before...
Akito: She rebelled against dad and still does it through her art.
An's Father: I see.
Akito: I mean, Toya should just stop listening to what his dad has to say...
An's Father: I understand how you feel, but it may not be so easy for Toya.
An's Father: His dad's been drilling classical music into him since he was little and he obediently did as he was told to this point.
An's Father: It's so ingrained in him that he can't just separate himself from his father. Just like how an apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Akito: I guess you're right...
Akito: But I wish I could do something to help him get over it...
An's Father: ...
Akito: Hey, what are you doing? You're messing up my hair!
An's Father: Hahaha! That'll suit you better.
Akito: No, it won't. Sheesh...
An's Father: Just let Toya deal with his dilemmas at his own pace for now. There's no need to obsess over it.
Akito: I wasn't obsessing...
An's Father: Then it's all good. Just keep doing what you've been doing: singing together with Toya.
An's Father: That's what he needs the most, I think.
Akito: Ken... Yeah, you're right...
Akito: (Besides, I decided to step back and let Toya do what he's gotta do.)
Akito: Thanks for your insight, Ken.
An's Father: Don't worry about it. I'm expecting great things from you guys.
An's Father: On a different topic, how's your job? Are you being a good, diligent employee?
Akito: Huh? Believe it or not, I've never missed a day of work or slacked off once...
An's Father: Hahaha. I know, I know...
Akito: Sheesh. Anyway, I've gotta go...
An's Father: Have a good one.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Akito: Alright, time to go...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

Akito: Alright, you wanna go to MEIKO's then?
Toya: Sure... Hm? The Open sign's not up?
Akito: Huh. But the lights are on. Let's go take a look.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Crase Cafe]

Akito: Hello.
Akito: Hm?
Akito: (The music's different from usual... This is a classical piece...)
MEIKO: Oh, Akito, Toya! Welcome!
Miku (VBS): You came just at the right time. Would you like to join our listening party?
Akito: Listening party...?
Rin: Heya, Toya! Long time no see!
Toya: It has been a while.
Akito: Since when exactly...?
MEIKO: Since the last time Toya came. He brought this CD and we all listened to it together.
Akito: Solo Piano Performance by Harumichi Aoyagi... Wait a second!
Toya: Yes, it's a recording of my dad's concert.
Toya: The day after the event, we didn't have practice and had nothing to do.
Toya: I found it while I was looking through my CD collection. I brought it here and listened to it together with MEIKO, Rin and Len.
Akito: Ah...
Akito: (He used to wince whenever someone even hinted at classical music until just recently...)
Akito: (But I guess he's really over that all now.)
MEIKO: Since you're here, why not stay and have a listen?
Akito: Sure, sounds good.
Akito: But it feels kind of strange. You played jazz in the background sometimes, but never classical...
Toya: You're right. Part of the reason I was able to appreciate this CD may've been this cafe's peaceful atmosphere.
Akito: Yeah, it does feel like you're at home here...
Rin: Oh, another piece just started! Hm... What's this one called?
Akito: Wait... I've heard this one somewhere before...
Toya: It's a suite by Modest Mussorgsky called Pictures at an Exhibition.
Akito: Right, we listened to it in music class. We watched a video of it being performed by an orchestra too, I think...
Len: You think? Sounds like you weren't paying attention...
Akito: I gave that thing five whole minutes... But that was my limit...
Toya: Still, I don't blame you. The videos they show in class are pretty low quality and don't do orchestras, or anything for that matter, much justice.
Toya: Besides, this suite was written for the piano, not for an orchestra.
Akito: Oh, really...
Akito: (It's being played by just one guy on one instrument, but it has richness and an intensity to it. I'm getting goosebumps...)
Akito: (You can tell he's a world-class pianist... Man, Toya's dad's a legit pro.)
Akito: ...
Toya: Hm? What is it, Akito?
Akito: Just realizing that you've been exposed to next-level music ever since you were a little kid... Or maybe even since you were a baby.
Akito: It's no wonder your ears are this good.
Toya: I guess I should thank my dad for that.
Akito: Yeah...
Akito: (Since Toya stopped stressing about his dad, we're all performing better and really getting to polish our music.)
Akito: (If we keep this up, we're gonna go places...)
Miku (VBS): You look like you're in a good mood.
Akito: Not just in a good mood. I feel driven.
Akito: (Toya really went through a growth spurt after what he dealt with...)
Akito: (As his partner, I can't fall behind!)
(Black cut)
