230_Akito Shinonome_R3 Bask In Happiness (event_24)

Gacha phrase: We need at least this many extras.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Wedding Ceremony Hall]

Akito: One, two, three, four... Take each step like you mean it and exaggerate your arm movements a little more...!
Extra A: I did it...!
Akito: Okay, that should pretty much do it then.
Akito: We can move on to rehearsing the whole thing, but let's take a quick break before we do.
Akito: (*Sigh*... The dance team looks like it's gonna be fine...)
Akito: (That just leaves the other guys... I think I'll go see how Toya's doing...)
(Black cut)
Toya: Oh, Akito?
Akito: Hey, you on break too?
Toya: No, we're waiting for Kamishiro to get here before we start our last rehearsal for the proposal scene.
Akito: Oh, okay...
Akito: You guys gonna be alright...?
Toya: What do you mean?
Akito: I'm talking about the other guys. The dude that plays basketball or the one that's good at origami, you know? I don't get what the plan is...
Toya: Ah, I see. But I'm sure Kamishiro has thought of that out already.
Akito: That's exactly why I'm asking you this right now.
Toya: Yes, I think so. He's even talked to the bride already about what she and her fiancé are like it seems.
Toya: He made his decision based on that information, so I believe things will go just fine.
Akito: Oh, okay...
Akito: It just looked like from my perspective that he was trying to mess with people and have a laugh over it...
Toya: Kamishiro did seem a little off at first and I wouldn't blame anyone for thinking so...
Toya: But he made this decision believing that this surprise will succeed and make everyone smile in the end.
Toya: He even gathered what information he thought was necessary and arrived upon what needed to be done.
Toya: I'm starting to feel that Kamishiro is no different from Tsukasa in that regard.
Akito: What's he got to do with this...?
Akito: (They're the same...? They're both weirdos, so I guess they kind of are...)
Rui: Thank you for waiting...
Rui: Oh, Shinonome. How is the dance team coming along?
Akito: All good. At the very least, the other teams shouldn't be disappointed with where we're at.
Rui: Hehe. That's good to hear.
Rui: Now, shall we begin the final rehearsal for the proposal scene?
Akito: ...
Akito: Kamishiro... Mind if I watch for a bit?
Rui: Be my guest. Since you're here, would you like to play the bride just for now?
Akito: Why?!
(Black cut)
Rui: Yes, this is good. We'll go with this, so please try to maintain this level for the ceremony.
Toya & Extras: We will!
Akito: Nice work. Looks you're all set to go now.
Toya: I feel relieved too. So how did everything look?
Akito: I thought it was good. I don't know anything about acting, but the atmosphere felt right.
Toya: Okay... I think it's all thanks to Kamishiro's advice...
Akito: His advice?
Toya: Yes...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Rui: Yes, I see... Then let's imagine the thing you desire the most is sitting right in front of you...
Rui: But that very thing is about to be taken away from you by someone else.
Rui: And there's only one way for you to take it back is to sing for it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: Sing for it, huh...? He actually said that?
Toya: Yes, he did. Then what we're trying to achieve popped right into my head.
Akito: RAD WEEKEND...
Toya: Exactly. We also have to keep singing to make that actually happen...
Akito: Wait, did you talk to Kamishiro at all outside of the School Festival...?
Toya: Huh? I saw him a few times in the library, but today's the first time that I've had a real conversation with him.
Akito: Okay then...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Toya: Kamishiro did seem a little off at first and I wouldn't blame anyone for thinking so...
Toya: But he made this decision believing that this surprise will succeed and make everyone smile in the end.
Toya: He even gathered what information he thought was necessary and arrived upon what needed to be done.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: (Observing your surrounding and coming up with what's needed, huh...?)
Akito: (When he invited me to help out, he didn't just politely ask... He goaded me into it...)
Akito: (Yeah, he's definitely good at figuring out what people are really like...)
Akito: (I also feel dumb for not seeing that sooner. Ugh...)
Akito: (But he wants this surprise show to succeed too.)
Akito: (I can trust him there at least.)
Rui: Shinonome, do you have a minute?
Akito: Sure.
Rui: Would it be okay if I observed the dance team go through their final rehearsal?
Akito: You're the director, right? Why are you even asking?
Rui: Hehe. Then I'll be looking forward to it.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Akito: Hey.
MEIKO: Oh, hi there. Are you done with practice?
Miku (VBS): Yeah. Something to drink would be nice too.
MEIKO: Sure thing. Your usual café au lait sound good? Everyone else, please feel free to order...
Toya: Then I'd like my usual too.
Akito: I'm getting kinda hungry. Maybe I'll get something to eat...
MEIKO: In that case, I have something special ready just for you.
Akito: Something special?
MEIKO: Yes! Pancakes with extra whipped cream!
Akito: Oh, that!
Akito: (The one I didn't get to eat the other day!)
Kohane: You just added that to the menu, right?
An: Yeah, I remember now! I saw it last time and was wondering what it'd be like!
Kohane: Me too...! But if I eat all that now, I'll be too full for dinner...
An: Then let's split one, Kohane! Mind if we do that, MEIKO?
MEIKO: You got it!
Kohane: Thank you so much, MEIKO! And you too, An!
An: Hehe. You're welcome.
MEIKO: What about you, Akito?
Akito: I'm having one too.
Miku (VBS): You really like pancakes, don't you, Akito? Are you not having any, Toya?
Toya: No, I'm not much of a sweets person. Coffee is more than enough for me.
MEIKO: Alright, coming right up!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: And here you are... Pancakes with extra whipped cream!
Kohane: Wow, this looks amazing...! There's so much whipped cream!
An: Yeah, I knew it'd be big, but this thing's enormous!
Akito: It said extra, right? This looks about right to me.
An: Oh, you sure seem to know your way around. Could it be that you go to cafes like these pretty often?
Akito: Leave it, okay? Let's just eat.
Toya: Heh... Actually, we stopped by a place like this after practice yesterday as part of our deal for that show we did.
An: Wait, really?
Akito: Toya... You don't have to tell them everything...
Toya: That may be true, but Shiraishi did help us out in the end. Since we're on the topic, I still need to pay you back for doing that.
An: Me? Then I'll try to think of something.
Kohane: An, I split it in half. Wanna get started?
An: Thanks, Kohane! Let's dig in!
An: Oh... It's so good! My mouth is literally in heaven!
Kohane: You're right! This whipped cream is so light and fluffy too!
Akito: ...!
Miku (VBS): I didn't know Akito made that sort of face too when he's eating something he really likes.
Akito: Huh...?! What are you talking about...?!
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Oh, nothing... But why do you like pancakes so much?
Akito: Why? I don't really have a reason. I've just been eating them for a long time.
MEIKO: A long time?
Akito: Yeah. On weekends during elementary school, we always had hotcakes for breakfast.
Akito: My mom really likes fluffy cakes too, like castella and souffles.
Toya: Doesn't your sister like pancakes too, Akito?
Akito: Yeah, she does. We have the same dislikes too... Come to think of it, our whole family's kinda the same...
Kohane: Hehe. Having the same likes and dislikes seems nice.
Akito: You think so...?
Miku (VBS): What about you, Toya? Why do you like coffee so much?
Toya: No reason in particular, but if anything, it might be because Ken makes good coffee...
Toya: The coffee he makes has a sort of soothing effect.
Miku (VBS): Really? Is there anything you've liked since you were little...?
Akito: Yeah. Cookies, right?
MEIKO: Oh, why's that?
Toya: My mother doesn't cook very often, but during special occasions, like my birthday, she'll bake cookies for us.
An: Really? Cookies instead of cake?
Toya: Yes. I don't actually know why, but my father and brother also just seemed to believe it's what our family does...
Toya: I knew they were only for special occasions, but before I realized it, I was asking her to make them whenever. I just seemed to fall in love with them.
An: Yeah, I get where you're coming from!
An: My mom isn't great at cooking either, but never stopped talking about how good she was at making rum raisins!
An: When I was little, we'd have rum raisin ice cream and I always thought it was a really grown up thing to do. It felt like a really special feast back then!
Kohane: Hehe. So that's why you like rum raisin ice cream so much.
An: Yeah! How about you, Kohane? You really like peaches, right?
Kohane: Hehe. That actually has nothing to do with how they taste. I started liking them because I thought they looked really cute.
An: I didn't know that!
Toya: Looks like everyone's enjoying themselves...
Akito: To be fair, anyone can go on and on about the things they like.
Toya: I suppose you're right...
Akito: ...
Akito: About those cookies you were talking about. Does your mom still make them?
Toya: Hm? Yes, she does.
Akito: Then why don't you ask her sometime? Why cookies of all things?
Akito: I'm sure it'll be easier to ask compared to before, right?
Akito: (I mean, he's on better terms with his family now so...)
Toya: Yes, okay... I'll try asking her.
Akito: Cool.
(Black cut)
