254_Akito Shinonome_R4 Unchanging Summer Festival (event_29)

Gacha phrase: Yeah, yeah. I didn't forget.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

[Street SEKAI]

Akito: Alright, let's try it once from the top...
Toya: Okay.
Len: Oh, I wanna watch!
Akito: Sure. Ready, Toya?
(Black cut)
Len: That was so cool! You guys looked really solid the whole way through! 
Akito: Thanks, but we still have to hammer out the details for some of these other parts.
Toya: Right.
Toya: And once our performance comes together, I'm sure your friend will appreciate it very much.
Len: You mean Akito's old classmate from elementary school?
Toya: Yes. I believe they also played together on the same soccer team.
Len: Hmm... Akito in elementary school, huh?
Len: Hey, Akito! What were you like back then? You don't have to stop taking your break, but I'm really curious!
Akito: What was I like...? I doubt you'll find it very interesting.
Len: That's totally fine. I just wanna learn more about you guys!
Toya: I'd like to as well.
Toya: I've hardly ever heard you talk about yourself from that far back.
Akito: I mean, I don't mind talking about it...
Akito: So to put it simply, I guess I was pretty cocky...
Len: Hm? How's that different from now?
Akito: Hey, do you want me to talk or not?
Len: Eep! Sorry! That was meant to be a joke!
Len: I'll stop, I promise. Please, continue...
Akito: ...
Toya: And you say that you were cocky, but I suspect that there's more to this.
Len: Yeah, or maybe... How or why were you like that?
Akito: I've liked playing sports for as long as I can remember, and my teachers back then recommended that I play for clubs and stuff. But I kept refusing to for a while...
Len: Really? I would've thought you wanted to play for teams like that.
Akito: I tried joining this baseball team once and kept getting into arguments with the team's ace, who was already there and a lot older than me.
Akito: The same thing happened for basketball. I'd usually have no problem picking up a new sport.
Akito: Looking back, it never felt like I had ever accomplished anything.
Akito: But when I was a kid, I'd always say stuff like, That's it? This is easy!
Toya: So another way to put it is, you were very athletic...
Len: Yeah. That part of you really hasn't changed at all, huh?
Akito: True. And out of all the sports, I did try, I stuck with soccer the longest...
Akito: It was rough at first because the pitch was huge. I had to think about where everybody was positioned, and it felt like way too much for me to remember.
Akito: But whenever we gelled as a team, it felt like a lot of fun. That was probably why I stuck with it for so long.
Akito: And... Somewhere along the way, I'd convinced myself that I was taking it seriously.
Toya: Convinced yourself...?
Akito: Yeah, I didn't understand what it meant to be good or what losing when it mattered really felt like.
Akito: Then, during my last match as a sixth-grader, the favorites, to win this one tournament, clobbered us...
Akito: That team was apparently full of kids that left home just to go play soccer and train to become pros.
Len: What?! But they were just elementary schoolers, right...?
Akito: Yeah, I froze after I heard that too. I had no idea whatsoever.
Akito: I asked myself if I could commit like that too and I just couldn't find an answer.
Akito: I felt like an idiot for thinking I was so good and not understanding what it meant to take the sport seriously, so I quit.
Len: I see...
Toya: But you're helping the soccer club even now, no? Is that...?
Akito: Oh, that? They were talking about doing scrims but just barely didn't have enough for two teams, so I ended up joining them.
Akito: I get what it's like to want to practice as much as you can to find ways to win.
Akito: So I'd feel like the bad guy if I sort of became the reason they couldn't do that.
Toya: I see.
Akito: And in the end, you know what?
Akito: I guess I just like playing soccer.
Akito: I still haven't forgotten how I felt back then, but now, just kicking around a ball helps me push that away...
Akito: That makes me pretty lame, huh?
Len: Really? I think that's a good thing.
Len: I mean, it'd be awful not to be able to do something that you really like doing, right?
Akito: ...
Akito: You really know which buttons to press sometimes, don't you?
Len: Hehe!
Len: Oh, hey, Akito! I kinda feel like playing soccer now. You think we can do it here?
Akito: Hm? Maybe... We can try juggling a ball or something.
Len: Juggling, sure! Just keep the ball in the air for as long as I can, right?
Len: Yeah! Let's do that!
Akito: We still have dance practice, you know?
Len: That's that! This is this! It can be just during our break, so please, teach me!
Toya: Throw him a bone, Akito. He's already helped us out this much.
Akito: Lately, it feels like we've been giving more than receiving...
Akito: Okay, fine. I'll bring a ball next time.
Len: Yay! Promise, okay? If you don't and forget like KAITO always does, I'm gonna be mad.
Akito: Sure.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Shinonome Household - Living Room]

Akito: (Okay, I should probably head off to see Len soon.)
Akito: (I thought we got rid of my soccer ball ages ago. I didn't realize mom kept it all this time.)
Akito: (Looks like it still holds air. It should be fine if we're just doing some juggling...)
Ena: Oh... Hehe. It's you, Akito.
Akito: ...
Ena: Stop right there. Since you're going out...
Akito: I have work, so I won't be back until tonight.
Ena: You do? Ugh, I was hoping to have you get me something from the convenience store.
Ena: Also... Why are you talking a soccer ball to work?
Akito: This is for something else. I promised a friend that I'd teach them how to juggle.
Akito: So go to the store yourself. Later.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Street SEKAI]

Akito: *Sigh* She almost got me again...
Len: Oh, hey! There you are!
Rin: Hiya!
Akito: Oh, so it's both Kagamines today.
Rin: Yup! Len said that you'd be teaching him how to juggle a soccer ball today, Akito, so I came to see what's up!
Len: Hey, let's get started already!
Akito: Alright, relax. First, try going for ten in a row.
Len: Wait, just ten times? That's easy! Here, gimme that ball!
Akito: Go for it. Toya, Rin, you two might want to keep your distance.
Toya: Hm?
Len: So just keep it going up and down with my feet...
Len: And one...! Huh? What?!
Rin: Haha! There it goes!
Akito: Len, if you don't kick it directly up, you're gonna have a tough time getting up to ten.
Len: I know! Here we go. This time I'll...!
Len: What?! I thought it kicked it upright. Why did it go that way?!
Akito: You don't have to send it that high into the air. Also, use the top of your foot, not your toes.
Len: Top of my foot... Top of my foot... Okay...
Rin: Yes, it went where I wanted!
Akito: Okay, that was good. Try not to forget what you just did.
Akito: And try to stretch your legs out a little more when you're about to kick it.
Akito: That way, you'll be able to control where it goes better.
Len: Okay, got it! Here we go!
Rin: You can do it, Len! I'll keep count for you!
MEIKO: Oh, there you all are.
Toya: Hello, MEIKO.
Akito: Hey.
MEIKO: Hello to you too. Thank you for looking after Len like this. I brought you all some drinks in return.
Akito: Thank you very much.
MEIKO: Hehe. I feel like you'd be a good big brother, Akito.
Toya: Yes, I think so too. You really seemed to enjoy teaching Len back there.
Akito: Me as a big brother?
Akito: I probably shouldn't say this, but it might be nice to have a younger sibling instead of an older one...
MEIKO: Oh, that's right. You have an older sister.
Akito: Yes, I do. She's only a year older than me, but she treats me like her personal servant or errand boy. It's awful.
MEIKO: Hehe. That does sound rough.
Toya: But they're very close. They even call each other by their names, almost as if they're friends.
Akito: Hey, Toya, hold up! Alright, we call each other by our names, but how does that mean we're close?!
Toya: Huh?
Akito: Don't give me that look. I just refuse to call her big sis or whatever is all.
Toya: Is that so?
Akito: Yes. Would you call someone that if they made you their errand boy or pack mule or whatever?! 
Toya: Yes, I still probably would...
MEIKO: Hehe. That I'd expect from you, Toya.
Rin: Four, five...! Keep it up, Len!
Len: Hehe! Yeah, I'll be up to ten in... Oh no!
Len: Oww! It landed on my head...
MEIKO: Len, are you okay?
MEIKO: Oh, it got you right on your nose. It's all red now.
Len: It barely missed the top of my foot, but I'll be fine, really!
Len: I was on a good pace, so I should be able to juggle it ten times soon!
Rin: Okay! You can do it, Len!
MEIKO: If you say so. Just try to be careful though.
Akito: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Junior High School Ena (Ena): Akito, your cheeks and knees are all scraped up again!
Elementary School Akito (Akito): I happened during soccer practice. This is pretty normal, you know?
Junior High School Ena (Ena): Hey, where are you going?! Come back here. Let me at least disinfect your wounds.
Elementary School Akito (Akito): No way, you're terrible at doing that.
Junior High School Ena (Ena): Well, if you hate it so much, why don't you try coming home without any cuts or scrapes? You must be terrible too, if you're getting hurt all the time.
Junior High School Ena (Ena): Also, why's your nose all red? Did you decide to be a reindeer out of season?
Elementary School Akito (Akito): Shut up! This guy on my team messed up a pass and...!
Junior High School Ena (Ena): Okay, whatever. Just come back here and sit next to me.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: Is something wrong, Akito...?
Akito: Uh, no...
Akito: I was just thinking about when I got all cut up, and Ena patched me up. She was mad about how I didn't want her to, but she did it anyway.
Toya: I see.
Toya: In those situations, you can really tell that you two are related.
Akito: But that's ancient history.
Len's Voice (Len): Akito! I think I can get up to ten really soon! Is there anything else I should be doing?
Akito: Yeah, I'll be right there!
(Black cut)
