300_Akito Shinonome_R2 A Choice To Be Proud Of (event_37)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

Akito: Hey.
An's Father: Akito, welcome. The usual?
Akito: Yes, please.
Akito: (Toya isn't here yet. Huh...?)
Akito: Ken, where's An at?
An's Father: Hm? Oh, she's out getting some stuff for me. She should be back soon.
Akito: Okay.
An's Father: Here's your usual blend... Want some extra sugar with that?
Akito: No, I'm good.
An's Father: Haha.
An's Father: Oh, I heard that you helped An with something.
Akito: Huh? Oh...
Akito: I'm not sure how much it helped, but I just asked her if anything was going on with her...
Akito: I guessed that something was and...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kohane: ————! ——————!!
Kohane: ————! ————~~~!!
Akito: ...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (Toya and I were surprised, but she really had it the worst from what I could tell.)
Akito: (I've experienced that before too, so I knew how she felt then.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Musicians: The BAD DOGS, huh? Akito's new partner's got some real talent, don't you think...?
Musicians: Yeah, he does. Akito can probably just leave the singing to him and lip sync everything else.
Musicians: Hahaha! Why isn't he doing that already?
Musicians: I know, right? Kind of a “use or lose it” situation, you know?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (Having an incredible partner is something anyone can be proud of...)
Akito: (But being that person's partner and keeping it that way isn't easy.)
An's Father: Are you still worried about An?
Akito: Huh? No, I was just thinking about something that happened a long time ago...
An's Father: A long time ago...? Oh, that's right. You did go through quite a lot.
An's Father: But you showed all those naysayers what you were made of and made it this far.
An's Father: Seeing my customers' opinions about you changing over time has been pretty fun to watch.
Akito: ...!
Akito: Yeah, I guess I just hate losing.
An's Father: Haha. I can tell.
An's Father: Now that you mention it, this might end up being a good experience for An.
Akito: Huh...? You think so? I mean, she seemed pretty depressed from what I saw.
An's Father: She'll be fine.
An's Father: Yes, she's my daughter and I love her, but she's yet to experience any sort of real loss or failure...
Akito: Of course, she hasn't. She has more talent than anyone my age.
An's Father: Right. And her first major challenge came in the form of finding the “right partner”.
An's Father: Oh, there's also that time you guys performed in STAY GOLDEN and didn't do as well as you were hoping.
Akito: ...
An's Father: But that's it. Those are the only times she fell short.
An's Father: There may be other things that I just don't know about or she hasn't told me...
An's Father: But compared to you and Toya, she's had to deal with far less. You've been climbing a big hill while she's been on flat ground.
Akito: Yeah, I guess so...
An's Father: However, she still wants to surpass RAD WEEKEND.
An's Father: Plus, Arata's returned at the perfect time, so she may yet be faced with another significant challenge.
An's Father: Although, she didn't end up being the one to take the bait...
Akito: Ugh...! I'm not losing next time...!
An's Father: Hahaha!
An's Father: Still, to think that her partner causing a stir would coincide with STAY GOLDEN both times.
An's Father: In hindsight, An made a good decision in terms of choosing a partner.
Akito: And she's not done yet...
An's Father: Right. They're both good singers in their own right, but their partnership is still in its infancy...
An's Father: If something like this does happen again, I hope you and Toya will be there to help them out.
Akito: We will.
Akito: That's what being a team's all about.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: I'm back! I got what you asked for, Dad.
An's Father: Great, thanks. Take a break if you like now.
An: Oh, in that case... Can I have an orange juice?
An's Father: Who's working for who here...? Fine, here...
An: Yay! Wait, huh...? Akito, you're here already...?!
Akito: Yeah.
Akito: Do you think you can focus during practice now...?
An: Hm? Hmm... Maybe?
Akito: Huh? What do you mean, “Maybe”...?
An: I mean that I figured out what was bothering me and I've made a decision.
Akito: But...?
An: But I don't exactly know what I'm supposed to do, so I can't really guarantee anything.
An: So there... Maybe.
Akito: ...
An: Don't worry. I know that I just “gotta keep going” now.
An: And every time I think that, I'm reminded of just how much I want to sing with Kohane by my side. I want to be a partner that she can respect and be proud of.
An: So I'm gonna do whatever I can to make that happen.
Akito: Good.
Akito: This is more like your usual self.
An: Hehe. That's right...
An: Also, there might be no point in asking this now...
Akito: Then don't ask.
An: It's important!
An: I was wondering if you and Toya went through what I just did...
Akito: Yeah...
An: I knew it...
An: It's been like two years since you partnered with him, right? How have things been?
Akito: What do you mean?
An: You know, everything...?
Akito: How am I supposed to answer that?
An: Just tell me how you feel things have gone up to this point...!
Akito: How things have gone...?
Akito: I still think about all the stuff that happened in the events we performed in, good and bad...
Akito: But I've never regretted choosing Toya as my partner. Not once.
An: ...!
An: Not even once?
Akito: Nope. You too, right?
An: Huh...?
Akito: Despite everything that's happened, from what happened during events or anything you've done, you've never thought about finding a new partner, right?
An: ...
An: Yeah, I guess not...
Akito: That just means you have to keep going and make what you believe a reality.
An: Yeah, you're right...!
An: I feel much better now! Thanks, Akito.
An: I might have to ask you again about this since you and Toya have more experience with having a partner.
Akito: Sure. And if you ever feel like running from your problems, I'll be there to set you straight.
An: Can't you say that a little nicer...?
An: But I understand. Again, thanks.
Akito: Crap!
Kohane: Hello!
An: Hey, Kohaneee♪
Kohane: Wah! A-An, I know I've been telling you this every time, but it's not safe to throw yourself at me like this!
An: Haha. Sorry.
Akito: ...
Toya: Here you are, Akito.
Akito: Hm? What's with the bag? There's a bunch of snacks in it.
Toya: One of the machines at the game center had some snacks that I know you like as prizes.
Toya: Before I knew it, I had a whole assortment of them on my hands.
Akito: How did you...?
Akito: Nevermind. We can eat these after we're done practicing.
Toya: Okay. Azusawa, Shiraishi, you're both welcome to have some as well.
Kohane: Oh, really? Thanks, Aoyagi!
Akito: Alright, now that we're all here, let's start practicing.
An: Yeah!
(Black cut)
