318_Akito Shinonome_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Making a big fuss about this is kinda fun...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 1-C]

Friend From Class B: Hey, there you are. Morning, Akito.
Akito: What is it? I'm not lending you my textbook.
Friend From Class B: No, it's not that. Also, cut me some slack, will you?!
Friend From Class B: Anyway, enough of that. Today's your birthday, right? Here's a sports drink to celebrate.
Akito: You never miss a beat, huh? Thanks.
Classmate A: Say what? It's your birthday, Akito?
Akito: Yeah.
Classmate A: Hey, lemme get you something.
Classmate B: Yeah, me too.
Classmate C: Me three!
Akito: If you're just gonna all get me drinks, then no thanks. I'd prefer chocolate, cough drops or lozenges, you know?
Friend From Class B: Akito's sweet tooth right on cue.
Classmate A: Hold on, cough drops?! I'd be laughing if I didn't know you sang.
Classmate B: Don't they sell molasses candy at the school store? Wanna just get those?
Akito: Again, lozenges.
Friends: Haha!
(Black cut)

[Lunch Break]

Toya: Akito...
Akito: Yeah, be right there.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama High School - Corridor]

Toya: You had quite a bit of candy on your desk just now.
Akito: Oh, you saw that? They're birthday presents from my classmates.
Toya: I see.
Toya: That reminds me. I've been meaning to ask you something regarding that...
Akito: Ask me?
Toya: Yes. If you'd like, would you mind if we take a slight detour before we go over to Ken's place?
Akito: Sure, but why...?
Toya: I don't know any details, but they wanted me to ask how free you were...
Akito: Huh? Who's “they”...?
Akito: Ohh...
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Akito: (Yeah, it's definitely them...)
Akito: (Just one of them if I'm lucky, but both if I'm not. Either way, I've got a bad feeling about this...)
Akito: Yeah, Toya, can I get a rain check on that? I kinda want to head over to Ken's place ASAP after school...
Toya: Huh? But, well...
???: Hehehe...
???: You're very sharp, Shinonome. I had a feeling you'd say that.
Akito: Ugh...
Toya: Hello, Kamishiro, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Toya, Akito, how have you been? It's been some time since we last spoke. I suppose not being in the same year has that effect.
Akito: Well, we don't want to bother you and disturb the peace...
Toya: Thank you for being so considerate of us, Tsukasa. As you can see, we've both been well.
Tsukasa: Wonderful!
Tsukasa: However, I did have a show ready just in case you weren't feeling all that well...
Toya: In that case, we'd love to...!
Akito: No, you've been generous enough already! Really! Also, I really don't think the corridor's the best place for that...
Tsukasa: Oh, you think so...? Regardless, I'm glad to see that you're both doing fine.
Rui: Hehe. Anyway, Tsukasa, don't you have something to give him?
Akito: Give what...?
Tsukasa: Oh, that's right! Here you are, Akito!
Tsukasa: Your birthday present from Rui and myself!
Akito: Oh... You really didn't have to...
Tsukasa: Our original plan was to give that to you after school, but Toya said that he has an urgent matter to attend to then, so we decided to do it now.
Tsukasa: And we didn't want to take up too much of your time, which led to us pushing our schedule up a little.
Rui: Plus, now seemed like the best time to surprise you with this.
Akito: Oh, I see.
Akito: (But this box... It looks like a normal present...)
Akito: (It doesn't weigh much either. I'm not hearing anything when I shake it, but it's big enough to fit two or three cakes pretty easily...)
Rui: Hehehe. It is a bit of an “explosive” gift, but it's nothing dangerous. You have my word.
Akito: What?! How is that not dangerous?!
Akito: Do you know what's inside this box, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Of course. I guarantee that you will enjoy it!
Akito: But it's “explosive”, so how...?!
Rui: Yes, well... It may be fun to wait and open it with your friends later.
Tsukasa: But for now, we'll be off! Again, happy birthday!
Akito: Thanks...
Toya: Thank you very much for doing this, Tsukasa, Kamishiro.
Tsukasa: You're very welcome.
Rui: Hehe. See you later.
Toya: That was nice of them, Akito.
Akito: Yeah...
Akito: (But what am I supposed to do with this thing...?)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Weekend Garage]

[Stage]

Toya: Happy birthday, Akito.
Kohane & An: Happy birthday!
An's Father: Happy birthday, Akito. Here are some special berry-sauce pancakes to celebrate.
Akito: Whoa, these look amazing...! Thanks, Ken.
An's Father: You got it. Enjoy.
Kohane: An and I got you this, Shinonome!
Akito: Hey, we're teammates. You don't need to do anything like that for me...
An: Haha. I knew you'd say that!
Kohane: Hehe. They're just cough drops, so you don't need to be so hesitant.
Akito: Alright, if you say so...
Toya: Oh, also... What about the box you got from Tsukasa and Kamishiro?
Akito: T-Toya...
An: Tenma and Kamishiro got you something?
Toya: Yeah, they came over during lunch to wish me a happy birthday.
Toya: And they mentioned something about having fun while opening it with you guys.
Kohane: So it's some sort of surprise? What kind of box is it?
Akito: Here, it's this...
Kohane: Oh, thank you! But it looks like a regular present...
An: Yeah, it does... Nothing about it seems that strange...
Akito: Oh, they also said something about it being “explosive”...
An: What?! K-Kohane, give that thing back to Akito right now!
Kohane: Huh? Sure, but I really don't think it's supposed to be that dangerous...
Toya: I thought the same. Kamishiro always puts making others smile a priority so...
Akito: Making others smile, huh?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: Alright, wanna try opening it...?
An: Wait, are you sure?!
Akito: Yeah. Not opening it is just gonna make us feel worse, so if you guys are all okay with it, we can try opening it...
Kohane & Toya: Okay! Sure.
Akito: Here goes nothing...
Akito: What the...?! The lid was rigged with party poppers...?!
Akito: And... Huh?
Tsukasa-In-The-Box (Tsukasa): Happy birthday! Happy birthday!
Akito: What is this thing...?
Toya: A jack-in-the-box, I suppose... So the box was designed to set off these poppers and release this Tsukasa doll as you opened it.
Kohane: Yeah, it's so cute! And it's wishing you a happy birthday.
Toya: Yeah, I can see that... I also saw something else fly out when I opened this thing...
An: You mean this? I see one, two, three... Four bags! There's something in all of them too...
Akito: Hold on, I see names written on them.
An: Huh? Oh, you're right! This one's for Toya... This one's for Kohane... This one's mine, and here's yours, Akito!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Rui: It may be fun to wait and open it with your friends later.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: (So that's what he meant.)
Akito: Anyway, those seem to be your guys', so they're yours now.
Kohane: Really? Thank you, Shinonome! Hehe. I wonder what's inside?
An: Let's take a look!
Kohane: Okay! Oh, some snacks! Does that mean we're supposed to share these?
Toya: Yes, I believe so. Ours is filled with snacks as well.
Toya: See? It wasn't anything dangerous.
Akito: Yeah. It ended up being a regular present, except...
Tsukasa-In-The-Box (Tsukasa): Happy birthday! Happy birthday!
Akito: What do we do with this thing?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shinonome Household - Living Room]

Akito: I'm home.
Ena: Oh, there you are.
Ena: Just so you know. I've been waiting to have cheesecake because you took your sweet time getting home.
Akito: Didn't I say that I'd be late?
Mother: Welcome home, Akito. We were just about to start getting everything ready. What color candles would you like?
Akito: Candles...? I'm not a little kid anymore, Mom.
Mother: Oh, that's too bad. I guess I can save them for Ena and your father.
Ena: Wait, Mom, you're not serious, right?! I don't mind candles, but not on a cake or anything, okay?!
Ena's Voice (Ena): I mean, how would you feel if you were served cheesecake that was covered in holes?
Akito: *Sigh* Is that all you care about?
Mother's Voice: Anyway, Akito, it's time for dinner so go get changed!
Akito: Okay, okay.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: (All things considered, another pretty good birthday...)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000021/bg_s000021.webp)
Airi: Happy birthday, Akito. It's nice to see you after so long. We should chat again sometime, and feel free to complain about Ena all you want, alright?
Shizuku: Airi told me that it's your birthday today, Akito. Happy birthday! Hehe. I know what it's like to have a sibling, so let's both do our best to stay close with them.
Mizuki: Nooo! Why didn't Ena tell me that it's your birthday sooner?! Anyway, Li'l Bro, happy birthday! I'll get you lunch next time we meet at school♪
Ena: Happy birthday, Akito. I found an outfit that might suit you when I was out shopping with Airi the other day, so I'll need you to try it on later.
Rui: Did you enjoy my little surprise, Shinonome? By the way, the Tsukasa-In-The-Box will stop talking if you take it off of its spring... Feel free to do whatever you like with it.
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Akito! I'm not too worried about you not doing this, but be sure to cherish your friends and share the snacks with one another!
Kohane: Your stoic personality's already given me so much courage, Shinonome. Hehe. I'm really looking forward to seeing what the future has in store for us!
An: Thanks for being such a great teammate and source of advice when it comes to having a partner. I'll be counting on you moving forward!
Toya: Happy birthday, Akito. I promise to pay you back for everything you've done for me, so please, promise to ask me for help whenever you need it.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Akito: Thanks for celebrating my birthday like this today.
Akito: Outside of my family and everyone at school, Toya and Ken are the only ones who'd wish me a happy birthday until just recently...
Akito: But making a big fuss about it with a bunch of friends is kinda fun.
Akito: Anyway, I'm gonna spend this year doing everything I can to surpass “RAD WEEKEND”...
Akito: I know it won't be easy, but I'm not letting anyone take my dream away from me.
Akito: And don't forget to drop by to check us out.
Akito: See you then.
(White cut)
