342_Akito Shinonome_R4 A Winter Evening Chat (event_44)

Gacha phrase: It's nice to relax every so often.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome)

[Aboard a train]

Akito: Having time to relax is great and all, but I think I'm starting to get bored...
Toya: Well, in that case, there's something I'd like to ask you... That is, if you don't mind...
Akito: Ask me what?
Toya: You mentioned how you and your family have been to this campground before, yes?
Toya: Would you mind telling me more about what you did that time? I'd like to get a preview of where we're going if possible.
Akito: A preview...? Yeah, that makes sense knowing you...
An: Oh, I wanna hear too!
Kohane: Me too!
Akito: Alright, settle down. I will since we have time to kill.
Akito: I remember the time we went camping when I was in sixth grade the best. We went during spring break after my dad suddenly decided to take us on a trip...
An: Really? Not during summer?
Akito: Yeah, according to him, it gets too crowded because of all the tourists.
Akito: We went for three days and two nights that time...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Akito: We started by pitching a tent together... After that, we played around until it was time to eat.
Akito: Well, by we I mean, Ena, my mom and myself.
Kohane: Wait, what about your dad?
Akito: Oh, he was there to paint the mountains, the scenery and us running around...
Akito: He even drew pictures of us while we went fishing down by this river that was nearby.
Toya: To be fair, he's a professional artist. I'm guessing that he was looking for some sort of inspiration for his work.
Akito: Who knows? Oh, but Ena did throw him into the river for not giving her enough attention.
An: I can sympathize with her there. You were there as a family, so it's normal to want to spend time together.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Kohane: Hehe. By the way, did you manage to catch any fish?
Akito: Not even a nibble.
Akito: The worst part was how I could see them in the water. After a while, I thought that it'd be faster to just use my hands to catch them, but that didn't work either...
Toya: I can see that look of frustration on you now. Do you remember doing anything else?
Akito: We smashed watermelons...
Toya: You did? By a river?
Akito: Hey, there's no rule saying that you have to smash them at the beach.
An: Yeah! You can dunk them in the river to get them all nice and cold!
Toya: I see... So it's a different way of enjoying the same activity.
Akito: Yup.
Akito: (Also, I guess that was the last time we went camping as a family...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: ...
Toya: Is something wrong, Akito?
Akito: No, I was just trying to remember what else we did that time...
Akito: Anyway, that was probably the most fun I had while camping.
Akito: Did it help?
Toya: Yes, it did. The part about smashing watermelons by a river was very interesting.
Akito: That's what drew your attention?
Kohane: You used to go camping a lot too, right, An?
An: Not as much as you think since we had to keep the cafe going.
An: But I do remember going fishing and stuff whenever we did go. My dad actually likes to fish as a hobby.
Akito: Ken fishes?
An: Yeah! You won't see it on our menu or anything, but he'll prep and cook the fish he catches for us from time to time.
Akito: From scratch? Seriously?
An: I know, right? I can remove the innards and stuff, but don't really know how to cook a fish besides grilling it...
An: Anyway, that can wait until next time! Our main goal right now is to go check out a forest!
Akito: Next time? Our current trip's hardly started yet.
Kohane: Hehe. But it might be fun to go fishing with you guys. Who do you think would get the first catch?
An: Well, it's a sport that rewards patience, so my bet's on Toya or Kohane.
Akito: Hey, I get that you wouldn't have any luck, but what are you throwing me under the bus for?
An: Because you're the kind of person who thinks about jumping into a river to catch fish instead of using a rod.
Akito: That's ancient history!
Kohane & An: Hehe. Haha!
Akito: Ugh...
Toya: Akito...
Akito: Hm?
Toya: I'm really looking forward to this trip.
Akito: Yeah, so am I...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Campground]

An: We'll be over there brushing our teeth...
Toya: Okay. It's dark, so please watch your step.
Akito: ...?
Akito: (Someone's in a good mood...)
Akito: (This happened during the Summer Festival too. He'll be all giddy and anxious but not really show it...)
Akito: (Is he gonna be able to sleep tonight...?)
Toya: Anyway, Akito, we should also start getting ready for bed.
Akito: (Yeah, my guess is no...)
Akito: I don't think you've realized it yet, but you seem way too excited about all this...
Akito: You sure you'll be able to get any sleep?
Toya: Yes, you might be right... This may prove challenging.
Akito: I knew it... I mean, why now? There's nothing left for us to do except sleep at this point.
Toya: We may be in a tent, but we're sleeping outdoors and I've never done that before. My mind may be focusing on that.
Akito: Yeah, I get that...
Akito: (I know how he feels, but still...)
Akito: (No, we did a lot today. He might be more tired than I realize. Maybe he'll end up falling asleep right away...)
Kohane: We're back.
Akito: Hey, you two about to call it a night?
An: Oh, about that...
An: We were just talking while brushing our teeth and can't seem to get our minds to settle down.
Kohane: Hehe. Neither of us has slept in a tent like this for so long.
An: Yeah, I guess we're just excited about that, you know...?
Akito: You too, huh...?
An: Wait, does that mean you guys...?
Akito: No, just Toya.
Kohane: That still works. We were just talking about warming up some milk before the embers go out.
An: How about it, you guys?
Akito: Sure, sounds good. How about you, Toya?
Toya: Yes, I'd like some as well.
An: Awesome! Oh, I think some molten chocolate is in order as well.
Kohane: Just after brushing your teeth?
An: I'll just brush them again! C'mon, let's go!
(Black cut)
Kohane: Oh wow, the milk's starting to smell really sweet...
Akito: That should do it... Careful, it's pretty hot.
Toya: Yes, thank you.
Toya: ... This is delicious.
Kohane: Yeah, it's hot but really soothing.
An: How hot is it?
Akito: Really? How old's that joke?
Kohane: Hehe.
Toya: ...
Akito: What's up, Toya...?
Toya: I thought I heard some bugs just now...
Akito: Yeah, I can hear them too.
Kohane: Me too... It's really just our voices and the sounds of the natural world now.
An: Yeah. It's so calm and peaceful.
Akito: (Looks like Toya's pretty much back to being himself too...)
Akito: Alright, let's put this fire out and get some sleep...
An: Okay. *Yawn*... I'll probably be out before I know it...
Kohane: Is it okay for us to put it out with water? It might smoke up a lot...
Akito: Is it bad if that happens?
Toya: Oh, so our enemies don't find us? I've seen that in books and movies.
Kohane: Yeah, you're supposed to cover it in dirt or sand to prevent that from happening.
Akito: What enemies exactly...?
Kohane: Oh, um... Sorry. Camping just sort of reminded me of that.
An: All good, girl. It's too dark to see smoke, so we should be fine.
Akito: Look, no one's out to get us. Let's put this out already.
Toya: Okay. Night, Shiraishi, Azusawa.
An: Night.
Kohane: Good night, Shinonome.
Akito: Night. Try not to oversleep, okay?
(Black cut)
