377_Akito Shinonome_R2 Towards Legend (event_49)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shibuya Park]

Kohane: Miku and Len seemed so happy about getting to see where RAD WEEKEND happened.
Akito: Yeah, Len was practically bouncing off the walls.
An: Do you know when we'll get to go, Kohane? Did Uncle Taiga mention any details?
Kohane: No, he said he'd get back to me soon...
Kohane: So I promise to let you guys know when I do hear from him.
Toya: Yes, thank you.
Akito: Anyway, let's call it a day.
An: Yeah, see you guys tomorrow!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Toya: I hope we hear from Taiga soon.
Akito: Same.
Akito: Still, to think I'm gonna get to see COL again...
Toya: ...
Akito: Hm? Why are you looking at me like that...?
Toya: It's just, I've already heard all that before in SEKAI.
Akito: You have?
Toya: Yes.
Toya: It's clear that this place means a lot to you personally on top of being where our dream was born.
Akito: Yeah, true.
Akito: I had a lot on my mind back then too...
Toya: ...?
Akito: On my way home that night, I told myself, “I'm gonna put on an event like that someday... At COL!”
Akito: Also, something along the lines of wanting to perform in an event alongside Ken and everyone else.
Akito: That was when I decided to start learning how to sing.
Akito: I even started going to live houses every day to hear what they were singing, and I'd practice singing those same songs at home...
Akito: But Ken retired before I got a chance to actually enter into an event, and COL shut its doors for good.
Toya: ...
Akito: I didn't know what to do with myself at first, but my goal of surpassing that night never dimmed.
Akito: If anything, those things that happened made me even more determined...
Akito: Which is why I can't believe I get to go back to that place.
Akito: Whoa, hold on... Deja vu...
Toya: Thank you, Akito...
Akito: Hm? Why are you thanking me?
Toya: Because you were willing to tell me more about just how important this dream is to you.
Akito: It's not gonna be easy... I mean, impossible might not even cut it.
Toya: Nothing's carved in stone yet. Also, I'm sure Taiga will be there with us when we're at COL.
Akito: Yeah, true.
Akito: ...
Akito: No, this is bad...
Toya: Why?
Akito: Because... I feel way too giddy right now...
Akito: This live house means a lot to me, but I've got my head in the clouds...
Toya: You think so?
Toya: I believe having someone or something to look up to is very important. The same goes for having a dream.
Toya: I'm sure you know that best, Akito, based on what you're trying to achieve.
Akito: I mean...
Toya: You said that most, if not all, of the musicians on Vivid Street laughed at your proclamation.
Toya: And yet, you stuck with it.
Toya: That's why I'd like it if you could look at this as a reward for all your hard work, and just simply enjoy it...
Akito: What, like some kind of party?
Toya: Why not? By doing so, you might even surprise Azusawa and Shiraishi.
Akito: Surprise them? I'll probably just creep them out.
Akito: Still... Thanks.
Akito: If you think it's okay, then I'll enjoy the moment for a little bit longer.
Toya: Good. I'll be looking forward to seeing that side of you.
Akito: What? Why you...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

Akito: Hey.
Kohane: Hi, Shinonome!
An: Over here!
Akito: Be right there.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage Stage]

Kohane: We're figuring out the set list for our next event, right?
An: Alright, let's get that out of the way so we can get to practicing!
Akito: You two seem way too excited...
Toya: Well, we've had an interesting couple of days.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kohane: Wow...!
Toya: So this is where RAD WEEKEND happened...
An: It's so much smaller than I remember.
Akito: Probably because we were kids. I'm guessing we were both a lot shorter back then.
An: Haha. That means we've grown up a lot since.
An: Still, the stage is literally right in front of us...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kohane: ♪————...
(White cut)
(Background change)
An's Father: It's about time you guys saw this.
(White cut)
(Background change)
An's Father: It's a video of RAD WEEKEND.
(White cut)
(Background change)
An's Father: So, what did you think of RAD WEEKEND?
An's Father: Think you can surpass it...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kohane: I can't say for sure...
Kohane: It exceeded all of my expectations... I sort of can't believe something like this actually happened...
Kohane: It's... Scary...
Kohane: But...
Kohane: I feel more excited about this than before.
Kohane: I feel even more determined to surpass RAD WEEKEND now. So...
Kohane: We will... We absolutely will!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: Yeah, I guess just that day alone was pretty jam-packed...
Toya: Exactly.
Toya: Not only did we get to visit where you and Shiraishi had gone all those years ago, we got to see a video of what happened.
Akito: Right.
Akito: But it wasn't just us. Mita, Tono and even his partner... They were all there too.
An: Yeah, I'm pretty sure all the other teams we've been running into were there as well.
An: That's on top of our local music lovers!
Akito: All true.
Akito: Come to think of it, that was also when I first met that one guy.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (So many people. I can't see the stage at all.)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (Most of these people are probably regulars here, so I won't be able to just push my way through them. I'll just listen here and...)
Man: Hey, you!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Huh? A-Are you talking to me...?
Man: Yeah, you! Don't be a wallflower! Get in the middle!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): But I...
Man: This might be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, kid! We're probably never gonna see a lineup like this again!
Man: You had the guts to come here, so you should try to get the most out of this chance!
Man: Don't worry, we're all here to have fun and see what unfolds!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): O-Okay... In that case...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: That really happened...?
Kohane: That was so nice of him.
Akito: Yeah, he's sort of the reason why I was able to get into music. He showed me how fun it could be. 
Akito: And he hasn't changed one bit.
Kohane: You mean now?
Akito: You've met him before. He's the manager where I work.
An: Yeah, you're totally right! He's like the definition of a music connoisseur!
An: I've even heard that he wanted to open a shop on Vivid Street just so he can go to live houses every day.
Kohane: Does that mean you started working for him because of this encounter you had?
Akito: No, that was just a coincidence.
Akito: I went around Vivid Street to see if there was anything good since it was close to the park where we practice...
Akito: That was when I stumbled upon this boutique shop. It was only when I went in to take a look that I found out he's the manager.
Akito: He vaguely remembered who I was, patted me on the back and said, “Look at you! All grown up!”
An: Haha! He sounds like your uncle, not your manager!
Akito: I know, right? He was just looking to hire someone, so I decided to work there.
Akito: (Not only that, he didn't laugh at my dream.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Manager: You're gonna surpass RAD WEEKEND, huh...?
Manager: That's great! I've been waiting for a kid like you to show up!
Manager: Wouldn't it be something if you ended up becoming the next RADder, Akito?
Manager: Oh, don't forget to let me know when you're gonna be in events and stuff! I'll be there rooting for you!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: ...
Akito: Anyway, enough talk. Let's get this set list out of the way.
Toya: Now Akito's all fired up.
Kohane: Hehe. I can see that.
An: All good in my book! Let's hurry up and do this already!
(Black cut)
