386_Akito Shinonome_R4 No Compromises When Making Chocolates (event_51)

Gacha phrase: Since we're doing this, we should make them good.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Chocolate Factory]

Staff: We'll now start making our chocolates. Please feel free to ask the staff if you ever need any help.
Staff: In addition, the staff here have experience working as patisseries, so you'll have their full support.
Staff: We'll be going around to each table in order shortly. Again, please feel free to ask us any questions.
Akito: Cool, we can ask them for advice.
Mizuki: Yeah! I might have some questions for them later.
Mizuki: Anyway, Li'l Bro, you know what you're gonna make?
Akito: Yeah, I'm thinking chocolate truffles.
Mizuki: Chocolate truffles? Aren't those really hard to make?
Akito: The recipe says all you have to do is break up the chocolate, melt it and put them into trays. See...?
Mizuki: Whoa, you're right...! That's way easier than I was expecting.
Akito: The hard part's gonna be dealing with all the non-chocolate ingredients. 
Akito: Since we're here, I kinda want to spice things up a bit.
Mizuki: So something different... Oh, what about some of the nuts we saw earlier?
Akito: Yeah, I thought about that... But you know the way chocolate truffles melt in your mouth? I sorta still want them to do that from start to finish.
Mizuki: Hmm... Yeah, I see your point...
Staff: Do you have a question? Is there anything I can help you with?
Mizuki: Oh, it's the staff from earlier!
Akito: Alright, I'd like to ask you something...
(Black cut)
Staff: I see. A way to spice up chocolate truffles...
Akito: Yes. Is there a way to make them more interesting, or at the very least, have a lighter aftertaste?
Staff: In that case, orange zest is a fairly standard option.
Staff: They go great with chocolate because of that hint of sourness and bitterness they bring to the table. Not only that, they add a nice visual accent.
Akito: I see. A simple approach does seem more feasible than something complicated.
Staff: By mixing in some orange zest to your molten chocolate, they should provide a nice mix of flavor and fragrance when you put them in your mouth.
Staff: However, if orange zest proves to be a little too chunky or coarse, orange liqueur can be used instead to keep your truffles smooth.
Akito: Interesting... Thank you for the advice.
Akito: I think I'll try making some orange zest and some with orange liqueur.
Staff: Happy to help. I'll go fetch some orange liqueur right away.
Mizuki: Good for you, Li'l Bro! I bet your truffles are gonna turn out great.
Akito: I hope so too.
Akito: So, what are you gonna do? You said you wanted to make something “cute”, right?
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. Ta-daa! I brought a bunch of molds from home.
Mizuki: I'm gonna make chocolates in all sorts of shapes, sizes and flavors. Some can be white, while other bitter. My plan's to change up what I do as I do bit by bit.
Akito: Nice. Sounds like you got a pretty elaborate setup all worked out.
Mizuki: Yup.
Mizuki: Oh, are you gonna make some for Ena?
Akito: Huh? You're kidding, right? She's getting a box of Paul Hansen's chocolate.
Akito: I mean, you know how picky she is. There's no way she'd ever eat any chocolates that I make.
Mizuki: I actually believe otherwise. She might really like them, you know?
Akito: Again, you're kidding, right?
Mizuki: Still, it's nice to hear that you're getting her something no matter what.
Mizuki: But that begs another question. Who's getting these chocolates?
Akito: My mom for one. The rest are going to my teammates.
Mizuki: Oh, okay. Wait... All of these? You're making a ton.
Akito: Yeah, so...?
Akito: (I mean, Miku and the others definitely deserve to have some too.)
Staff: Thank you for your patience. Here's the orange liqueur. I've also written down some examples of how much you should be using.
Akito: Thank you very much. I really appreciate it.
Akito: Alright, let's get started.
Mizuki: Yeah, let's♪ These are gonna be sooo good!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Mizuki Akiyama)

[White Day]

[Weekend Garage]

An: Hey, speaking of which...! You guys, over here!
Akito: I've got a bad feeling about this... Can I go home?
Toya: Hm? But we still need to practice. Also, we have to hand these out.
Akito: Ugh... I know...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage Stage]

Toya: Happy White Day, Shiraishi, Azusawa. Thank you for Valentine's Day. Here's something in return.
Kohane: Wow! These are from “Bear Stamp Honey Cookies”, right? The place where a bear supposedly makes all the cookies!
Toya: I was drawn to this place by the smell. Is it that famous?
Kohane: Yeah, it's all the rage at my school. On top of being yummy, they look absolutely adorable.
An: Totally. Even the bag's super cute!
Akito: Let me guess... This place was wall-to-wall fancy decorations?
Toya: Yes, the bear plushies and other cute decorations gave it a nice, feminine touch, but it was a bit crowded.
Akito: Yeah, I'm surprised you even went in...
Toya: Why? The dining area had a long line, but I was able to get these cookies in fairly short order.
Akito: Dude, that's not what I'm saying.
An: Haha. I guess he just isn't bothered by those kinds of things.
An: Anyway, thanks, Toya! I'm gonna savor every bite.
Kohane: Me too! Especially since I've been meaning to go to this shop for a while now! Thank you so much, Aoyagi!
Toya: I'm glad you like them so much.
Akito: Alright, here's mine. Have at it...
An: Oh, are these the chocolates you made at the Chocolate Factory?
Akito: Yeah, did Akiyama tell you already...?
An: Yup! You guys went through a lot that day, huh?
An: Mizuki even told me about that other cast member you had to help out!
Akito: Is that why you've been grinning this whole time?
Kohane: Can you tell me what happened, Shinonome?
Toya: I've already heard most of this story, but I'd also like to hear more about what happened when you performed alongside Tsukasa.
Akito: When I performed...?
Akito: Fine, I'll talk... So, what happened was...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Chocota: “*Sob* *Cry*”
(White cut)
Choco Maniac (Tsukasa): “Alright! Let's make some chocolates for Chocota!”
(White cut)
Choco Maniac (Tsukasa): “Let's start making some chocolates... Is what I'd like to say, but I only eat them! I have no idea how to actually make them!”
Choco Maniac (Tsukasa): “Some help would be much appreciated... You there! Why don't you help me make your idea a reality?!”
Mizuki: What? Me?
Choco Maniac (Tsukasa): “Yes, you! Your friend as well...!”
Akito: What?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: After that, Akiyama helped Tsukasa make some chocolates while I took Chocota to the green room.
An: Wait, how did you get him out of there?
Akito: Huh? How...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: “It looks like Chocota's tuckered himself out from crying a little too much, so why don't we give him some time to rest?”
(White cut)
Akito: “Alright, let's all wave goodbye to Chocota for now! See you later!”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: Hahaha...!
An: W-Wave goodbye to Chocota...?! I can't picture you saying that, Akito...! H-Hehe...!
Akito: Will you quit laughing already?!
Kohane: But that's incredible, Shinonome!
Kohane: Not only did you get thrown into a really tough situation, you ad-libbed perfectly!
Toya: I agree. I noticed the same thing when we were a part of that flash mob. Your versatility seemingly knows no bounds.
Akito: You think so...?
Akito: (Compliments are nice, but I can't really say that I'm happy about all this...)
Akito: Oh, I almost forgot. Haruka Kiritani was there too.
An: Yeah, I heard! She messaged me saying that she saw you.
An: But she didn't really mention anything else...
An: I was only able to put everything together after Mizuki told me the rest today. Understandably, you guys had to keep everything a secret.
Akito: Yeah...
Akito: I guess we shouldn't expect anything less from a former A-list idol, unlike a certain someone who can't stop giggling.
An: Oh? Who might that be?
Akito: Ugh...
Akito: Anyway, that's enough of that. Let's start practicing already.
Kohane: Okay! Thanks for sharing that story with us!
Toya: Yes, thank you. I feel like I could hear it over and over again...
Akito: Dude, gimme a break...
(Black cut)
