431_Akito Shinonome_R3 There's No Time To Lose! (event_58)

Gacha phrase: Mind piping down for a second?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Kamiyama High School]

Akito: (Toya's busy with library committee stuff, so I guess I'll head off to practice first.)
Student A: Hey, has your class chosen its members for the cheer squad?
Student B: No, not yet. We're supposed to draw straws for that soon.
Akito: (The cheer squad, huh...? The regular events sound fun, but I'm not really interested in that so...)
Tsukasa: Ah, Akito! Excellent! I'm glad you're still here!
Akito: Huh?! Tsukasa?! Wait, who's this...?
Red Squad Captain: Nice to meet you. You must be the “Red Hare” that Tenma here was talking about.
Akito: R-Red Hare?
Akito: (I don't really know what's going on, but I'm probably gonna get roped into something annoying if I don't do something...)
Akito: I'm sorry, but I was asked to do something urgent so you'll have to ask someone else. Bye!
Tsukasa: Darn... There he goes. But did you see how fast he is? I mean, look at that acceleration!
Red Squad Captain: Yes, his speed is tremendous! Isn't there a way for us to get him to join the red cheer squad?
Tsukasa: Despite his outward appearance, he's a very understanding person. We'll just need to remain firm and keep trying!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Class 1-C]

Akito: *Sigh*
Akito's Classmate A: Hm? You're sighing. What's got you so down this morning?
Akito: Oh, I sorta don't want to be at school today.
Akito's Classmate B: Why's that? Is something bothering you?
Akito: Yeah. Something unbelievably... Crap!
Akito's Classmate A: Akito? Why are you hiding under your desk...?
Akito: Quiet! Don't tell them that I'm here!
Akito's Classmate A: Huh?
Tsukasa: Good morning, everyone! Is Akito Shinonome here?!
Akito's Classmate B: Oh, you were talking about the Wombo Combo... You poor thing.
Akito: Just say that I'm not here yet!
Akito's Classmate B: Okay, okay. Sorry, but Akito isn't here yet!
Tsukasa: Ah, I see. I'll have to come back later. Until then, farewell!
Akito's Classmate B: He said he's gonna come back.
Akito's Classmate A: Sounds like he isn't stopping until he gets a chance to talk to you.
Akito: Grr... Why's this happening?
(Black cut)

[Lunch break]

Akito: *Sigh* I'd really rather not step outside this classroom.
Akito's Classmate A: Haha! Yeah, Tenma's probably waiting outside to ambush you!
Akito's Classmate B: But doesn't that mean your partner's waiting for you too?
Akito: Right... Well, I guess I'm not having lunch with Toya for a while...
???: Akito, you there...?
Akito: Perfect. Sorry, Toya, but could you...?
Akito: Oh...
Akito's Classmate A: Yikes... Busted!
Akito's Classmate B: We'll be sure to clean up after you, Akito.
Akito: Shut it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Akito: What? The cheer squad? Me?
Tsukasa: Yes! We have a part that only an athlete such as yourself can fill. The Red Hare!
Toya: Oh, from the saying, “Among men, Lu Bu; Among steeds, Chi Tu, the Red Hare.”
Akito: That doesn't help me at all... Plus, I'm not really interested in joining the cheer squad, so can't you just ask someone else?
Tsukasa: I see. So that means you'd be willing to join if we got you interested somehow.
Akito: Huh? No, just ask someone else to...
Tsukasa: Challenge accepted! After all, you are the most qualified candidate for this part!
Tsukasa: Just you wait, Akito! Once I speak to the Captain about this, we'll find a way to get you interested!
Akito: No, I'm not gonna...! Honestly, he never listens to what anyone says...!
Toya: But why do you think he wants you to join so badly?
Toya: There must be a reason behind him taking such a liking to you, Akito.
Akito: Who knows?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

(Place: Class 1-C)
Akito: ...
Akito's Classmate A: Akito looks really tired...
Akito's Classmate B: Well, duh. Tenma's been all over his case about “the cheer squad being so great” and “what it means to be the Red Hare”...
Akito's Classmate A: He sounds convinced that “Akito's the only one” or something.
Akito: And it's a huge pain... Ugh... Can't I just have a normal break?
Akito's Classmate B: You probably have no choice but to join the cheer squad at this point.
Akito's Classmate A: I mean, can't you just agree to it? It sounds like an important role. To be honest, I'm kinda interested in hearing what that involves.
Akito's Classmate B: Yeah, me too! All the stuff Tenma talked about seemed pretty fun too.
Akito: What? You're seriously saying that?
Class Representative: Everyone, we'll be choosing members for the cheer squad before homeroom starts!
Akito's Classmate A: Oh, I totally forgot. We're doing that today...
Akito: ...
Class Representative: At least two people will need to go from each class, but there is no actual limit. Those who wish to join are always welcome.
Akito: Geez...
Akito's Classmate A: Let's give the cheer squad a try, Akito! We'll be right there with you!
Akito's Classmate B: Once you agree to join, I'm sure you'll get to have lunch and nap in peace.
Akito: ... *Sigh*
Akito: No running when push comes to shove, alright?
Akito's Classmate A: We know!
Akito's Classmate B: Okay, that settles that! Hey, the three of us would like to volunteer!
Akito: *Sigh* Things are gonna settle down once I agree to this, right...?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - Campus]

Akito: I'm gonna go warm up for a bit.
Akito's Classmate A: Oh, right. You're supposed to be in the scavenger hunt.
Akito's Classmate B: Yeah! Break a leg, Red Hare!
Akito: Ugh... Will you please...?
Akito: Hm...?
Mizuki: Heya, Li'l Bro! What's up?
An: You getting ready for the scavenger hunt too?
Akito: Yeah. Wait, Toya, why are you here?
Toya: I just happened to be nearby. Also, I'm interested in seeing the scavenger hunt.
An: We were just talking about how he should've asked to be in it.
Akito: Yeah, why didn't you?
Toya: I was told that I should be in the ball toss based on my height. Apparently, some people have trouble just getting the ball to reach the basket.
Akito: Okay...?
Akito: (Toya isn't exactly great at ball sports... But I guess his height does give him an advantage.)
Toya: Oh, Akito.
Akito: Hm?
Toya: I asked Akiyama this question earlier, but what kind of assignment are you hoping to draw?
Mizuki: I'm hoping for towels since everyone's probably got one.
Akito: I see. I guess... As long as it's not a person.
Toya: A person?
Akito: Yeah. For example, “someone tall”. That means I'd probably have to find someone that's as tall as you.
An: Wait, you can't just bring yourself?
Mizuki: Nope. Neither you nor anything on your person can be turned in during the hunt.
Akito: Also, the rule about having to treat everything as “objects” is pretty lame since it means we have to carry whatever we find.
Mizuki: To be fair, you can pull whatever you find or whoever you choose by hand if you have trouble schlepping it or them.
Akito: That's sort of my point. There's a huge gray area but it's up to us to judge what's actually allowed. I don't want to be called out in the end for “breaking the rules”...
Toya: I see. It's not just about speed. Your luck also plays a role in how well you do.
Akito: Yup... Which is why I don't want to draw something that involves another person.
Mizuki: Haha. Yeah, I get what you mean.
Mizuki: Unfortunately, Li'l Bro, I think you just jinxed yourself. Remember what happened at the Chocolate Factory?
Akito: Yeah, yeah. Oh, Toya, mind lending me a hand with some stretches?
Toya: Yes, of course.
(Black cut)
Announcer: The Kamiyama High School Sports Festival has begun! Our opening event is turning into a heated battle for first place between the red and blue teams!
Akito: Alright, first one here...
Announcer: Oh, Shinonome from the red team's got his assignment! Everyone, can you guess what it says?!
Akito: Huh?!
Assignment: “Someone with a very loud voice.”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mizuki: Li'l Bro, I think you just jinxed yourself.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (You've gotta be kidding me...!)
Mizuki: Someone! I need an accessory with a ribbon motif!
Akito: ...!
Mizuki: Smell you later, Li'l Bro!
Akito: Grr...! Why'd you have to go and do that, Ena...?!
Akito: Ugh... Looks like I don't have a choice...
(Black cut)
Akito: *Sigh* It's only the first event and I already feel exhausted...
Akito: (But I guess it all worked out in the end since I still somehow managed to get first...)
Akito: Huh...?!
Ena: Hehe. Congratulations...
Akito: Hey, what are you taking a picture for? Also, why are you here?
Ena: I left something here and came to get it. This one's to show Mom when I get home.
Akito: What? She doesn't have to see that.
Ena: Aww, but that scavenger hunt was so fun. I mean, look, my video turned out so well.
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: <Hah hah hah! We're cruising past everyone!>
Akito: <I know! Please, just be quiet for a bit...!>
(Black cut)
Ena: What do you think? Outside of me shaking the camera by accident when Mizuki fell, it's pretty good, right?
Akito: You had to go and take this too...?
Ena: So? I got you basking in the limelight, didn't I? And you're in the cheering competition, right? I'm looking forward to seeing your performance.
Akito: Huh? You just came to pick up something, right? Go home already.
Ena: Fine, be that way. Anyway, I'll see you later.
Akito: Ugh...
Akito's Classmate A: Hey, there he is! Akito, nice job!
Akito's Classmate B: We were joking about you being the Red Hare, but you did amazing!
Akito: Look, I didn't really have a choice.
Akito's Classmate A: Haha! But the red team's in first place thanks to you!
Akito's Classmate B: Let's keep this up!
Akito: Yeah, we're definitely in it to win it...
Akito's Classmate A: Exactly! Let's go, red team!
Akito's Classmate B: Yeah!
(Black cut)
