464_Akito Shinonome_R4 One-Act Morning Practice (event_64)

Gacha phrase: Don't get too carried away, alright...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[One early morning]

[Shibuya Park]

Akito: Oh...
Kohane: Oh, Shinonome, good morning!
Toya: Good morning.
Akito: Alright, we're all here. We'll start our morning practice once we've warmed up.
Kohane, An & Toya: Okay! Okay.
An: Kohane, let's do some stretches together!
Kohane: Sure!
Toya: Akito, mind if I take a moment before we start stretching? I'd like to drink that thing.
Akito: Yeah, same here.
An: Oh, you guys brought more energy jelly today? It's like everyone's drinking that stuff now.
Toya: They make for ideal breakfast substitutes because they go down smoothly even when it's warm out.
Kohane: Wait, this is really your breakfast?
Toya: Yes. My mom's been busy and has been coming home very late recently, so I'd rather not ask her to do more by waking up early to make some for me.
Kohane: Oh, I know what you mean. You want her to rest since she's probably really tired.
An: Hang on... Kohane, did you not have any breakfast today?!
Kohane: No, I did. I asked my parents to buy bread and jam for me, so I had some of that today.
Toya: I suppose I could do the same. Spreading jam over bread seems simple enough.
An: What about you, Akito? I figured you had a full meal before coming here.
Akito: I took a quick look what was in the fridge and fixed myself a light breakfast.
Kohane: Wow, you can make your own food?
Akito: Just fried eggs and salads mostly. Oh, and some bread to go along with that.
An: Yeah, that is pretty light.
An: I tend to want to eat a lot since I feel like I need to in order to get my voice going.
Akito: You eat a lot regardless of the time of day. Morning, noon or night.
An: Har har. Joke's on you. I work it all off throughout the day by singing!
Toya: (But the part about eating a lot...)
Kohane: (She didn't deny that fact...)
Kohane: Still... It's important to eat three meals per day! I'm sure it's good for your health!
An: Exactly! See, Kohane gets it!
Akito: No, I sorta get it too. I used to eat a ton before I started going out for runs.
Kohane: Wait, you run?
An: That's news to me too. When did this happen?
Akito: Pretty recently.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: I have to work harder than anyone else...
Akito: That's why I decided that I'm gonna do everything I absolutely can.
Toya: Akito...
Akito: Don't give me that look. I promise not to go overboard.
Akito: But I'm having a hard time finding the time to actually go for runs, so I've decided to get off two stations early and run the rest of the way to morning practices.
Kohane: T-Two-stations?!
Akito: Yeah. That's why I have a light breakfast, which is why I need this energy jelly to hold me over until lunch.
Kohane: I see.
An: Everything you can, huh?
Akito: Hm? What?
An: Oh, nothing. You're just as self-disciplined as ever, I guess.
An: So, Kohane, wanna try going for a run sometime?
Akito: Huh?
Kohane: Yeah, I'd like to increase my stamina too.
Kohane: I didn't exercise at all in junior high, so I probably have the least out of all of us.
Toya: In that case, I'd like to join you.
Toya: I haven't exercised much up until now either.
Akito: Okay...?
Akito: (They call me the self-disciplined one, but they better not get carried away themselves.)
Akito: Then, why don't we all go for a run together? Nonogi Park's got plenty of trees and shade, so it shouldn't be too bad even when it's hot out.
Toya: Really? I'd like that a lot.
Kohane: Yeah, me too!
An: Alright, sounds good! Let's all go for a run next time!
Akito: Sure.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[Early morning]

[Nonogi Park]

Rin: <Alright, it's time to kick off the first ever Vivid BAD SQUAD Footrace!>
Len & KAITO: <Yeah!>
Kohane, An & Toya: Yeah!
Akito: Yeah...
Rin: <What was that, Akito?! You call that spirit?!>
Len: <Yeah, I mean, this was your idea.>
Akito: No, I suggested that the four of us go for a run and...
Akito: But why are all of you here?
An: Oh, I told them about us going for a run when I popped over to SEKAI to practice some stuff on my own the other day. Then...
KAITO: <It sounded like fun and we had some free time, so we decided to join you.>
Akito: He's grinning. Is he actually being serious...?
Rin: <KAITO's always like this.>
Len: <But we really are here to give you guys our support!>
Rin: <Yeah, just look! We brought a megaphone, whistles and everything.>
Rin: <We're gonna cheer like crazy to make sure you guys get in a really good run!>
Kohane: Hehe. I really appreciate you guys' support. I feel like I'll be able to run better now.
An: See? Kohane's okay with them being here. Also, no one else is here this early in the morning, so it's all good, right?
Akito: And I'm guessing that you guys won't leave even if we ask you to...
Rin, Len & KAITO: <Yup!>
Akito: *Sigh*
Toya: Alright, shall we start warming up?
Rin: <Beginning with some stretches! One, two, three, four!>
Akito: Whoa, that's way too fast!
Kohane & An: Hehehe! Haha!
(Black cut)
Akito: Okay, let's start with a lap around the park...
Akito: So, let's go.
KAITO's Voice (KAITO): <Oh, you're going pretty fast! If only I could feel the wind as you ran.>
Akito: You're not even looking. How do you know that I'm going fast?
KAITO's Voice (KAITO): <Because I'm being shaken around!>
Akito: I was a fool for asking...
Len's Voice (Len): <Toya, are you swinging your arms like we said?>
Toya: Yes, I'm running using the form you taught me. At least, I believe I am.
An: Make sure to swing your arms too, Kohane.
Kohane: Right...! One, two... One, two...!
Rin's Voice (Rin): <That's it, Kohane! You're doing great!>
(Black cut)
An: And... We're finished!
Kohane: Huff... Huff... W-We did it!
Toya: Yes, we did. My arms and legs started getting heavy partway through, but I never really felt out of breath...
Akito: I mean, we practice singing a ton every single day.
KAITO: <That's right. Your lung capacity should be fairly good now.>
Len: <Anyway, now what? You guys gonna do another lap after a quick break?>
Akito: No, we should stop for today since we have to practice after this.
Kohane: Oh, right. We should save our energy for then.
Akito: Make sure to stretch well, Toya. I have a feeling that you're gonna be pretty sore again.
Len: <Again?>
An: Oh, because of what happened during the Sports Festival?
Toya: Yes. I overdid things a little during the ball toss and my arms had to pay for it...
Toya: When I woke up the next day, I could lift them up at all. It was almost as if they'd become completely paralyzed.
Rin: <Wait, it was that bad?!>
Toya: I was just as surprised. However, it also felt like a badge of honor for having tried my best during the Sports Festival.
Akito: It's also every reason that we should keep doing these workouts.
Kohane: Yeah, let's do another run together sometime!
Toya: Sure.
KAITO: <Alright, everyone, hop on over to SEKAI once you're ready. MEIKO's whipped up some nice, cool drinks for all of you.>
Akito: Did you ask her to do that for us?
KAITO: <Hehe. I didn't have much else to do.>
Akito: Thanks.
Akito: Okay, we'll head over.
(Black cut)
