478_Akito Shinonome_R3 With The Plushies (event_66)

Gacha phrase: He's going back for more...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi)

[Arcade]

Akito: Ugh... Ena... Asking me to do something completely pointless just as I'm about to head out the door...
Akito: I barely managed to get here on time, but Toya said that he got here a little while ago...
Akito: Oh, there he is. Sorry, Toya...
Toya: I appreciate the invitation. Unfortunately, I have a prior engagement today...
Akito: Hm? Who's he talking to...?
Toya: Again, I'm sorry. My friend's waiting, so if you'll excuse me.
Akito: Sorry for being late, Toya.
Toya: Ah, Akito. Did everything go okay with your sister?
Akito: Okay? I mean, she made me go and get something for her.
Akito: More importantly, who were you talking to just now? What was that about an invitation...?
Toya: Oh, that was somebody from a pro gaming agency. They just happened to be at the gaming tournament the other day and asked me if I was interested in playing professionally.
Akito: Wait, you were being recruited?
Toya: It seems that way.
Akito: To be fair, you were pretty incredible. Especially when we played Puyo Puyo.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
Manager: K-Kusanagi's building faster than her teammate, Otori, was just a moment ago...
Manager: But Aoyagi's on a completely different level! He's dropping Puyo's into place the second they appear on the screen! I-It's impossible to see what's going on!!
Student in the Audience: Wh-What's going on? Is he beginning to panic or something?!
Man in the Audience: No, he's dropping them into all the right spots. Not only that, but if he gets this chain to go off, we're going to see something even more ridiculous than we just did...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: I still can't believe you pulled that off.
Toya: I just did what I practiced. It's no different from singing.
We're The Best A: Hm? Isn't that...?
We're The Best B: Hey, it's Willow & Cloud. Fancy seeing you guys here...
Akito: Aren't you guys We're The Best...?
We're The Best A: Yeah, that's us. We've been coming here in the hopes that we'd run into you guys, and it finally happened.
Akito: (Hm? Something seems different about them...?)
Toya: You wanted to see us...? May I ask why?
We're The Best B: Isn't it obvious? We owe you a debt.
Toya: A debt?
We're The Best A: You know, because of what happened during the gaming tournament...?
We're The Best B: So, um... We'd like to play against you guys again. Fair and square this time.
Akito: (I thought I was just imagining things, but they do seem a bit more... Mature, I guess?)
Akito: (Their competitive spirit's still there, but they seem way less hasty or reckless.)
Akito: (And I think they're telling the truth. It looks like they learned their lesson after what they tried to pull during the tournament.)
Toya: What do you think, Akito?
Akito: Well...
Akito: (I don't feel great about losing, so a fair rematch could be...)
Spectator A: Hm...? Weren't they in that tournament the other day?
Spectator B: Whoa, cool! You think they're gonna have a rematch?
Toya: Oh, people are starting to congregate...
Akito: That might be a deal breaker...
Akito: Sorry, we just stopped by to have some fun today, so we're gonna take a rain check.
Akito: (And we still have practice after this.)
We're The Best A: That's all good. We understand... Maybe next time.
We're The Best B: You guys can always ask us too. We're usually here whenever we have free time.
Spectator A: Hey, We're The Best! Can I ask you guys for a match if you guys are free?
We're The Best A: Heh. Someone sounds confident. Alright, you're on.
Spectator B: Good luck!
Akito: They've totally melded in here... I'm guessing they're regulars here now.
Toya: Yes. Based on their current behavior, I have a feeling that their cheating days are over.
Akito: Yeah...
Akito: Still...
Junior High Schooler A: Go, 5-chain, go!
Junior High Schooler B: Noooo! If only I got a Red Puyo! Then my chain would've gone off!
High Schooler A: Whoa, check this out! This booth lets you do so much! I'm gonna give myself some eyelash extensions!
High Schooler B: Haha! No one's gonna recognize you if you edit yourself that much!
Akito: Sounds like they're all having a lot of fun.
Toya: Yes, they do.
Toya: This atmosphere. It's similar to what you feel on Vivid Street. There's an air of fun but it's also soothing.
Akito: Yeah, kinda.
Akito: Anyway, we don't have much time left until practice, so let's do what we came here to do.
Toya: Right. An artist you like worked on the music for one of the games here, yes?
Akito: Yeah. The shooters are... Over there. Let's go, Toya.
Toya: Okay.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Arcade]

Akito: Oh, here it is.
Toya: “Gunslinger Jungle”...? Is the song playing right now the one by that artist you like?
Akito: Yeah. They mostly do EDM stuff, but they also produce some chiptune music on the side and were asked to do that for this game.
Toya: That explains why I'm hearing all these game-like sounds.
Toya: Also, the characters in this game are very cute. It's as if they were all designed to look like animals...
Akito: From what I remember, the story for this game's about them joining together to protect the jungle they all live in from aliens.
Toya: Considering an artist you like worked on the music for this game, Akito, I was under the impression that it'd be more realistic, you know...? 
Akito: I wouldn't have invited you out if it were. I know you don't like that kind of stuff.
Akito: But I had a feeling that you'd be okay with this game since it had more of an anime feel to it. I mean, the villains are aliens.
Toya: Thank you, Akito. I should have no problem enjoying this game.
Akito: Glad to hear that. So, let's give it a go.
Akito: Okay, we start by choosing our characters. What do we have? A monkey, an owl, a tiger, a koala, a panda, an alligator...?
Toya: A lion, a zebra, a wolf, a hyena... Don't these animals live in the savannah, not the jungle?
Akito: To be fair, it's a video game. I think we can cut it some slack there.
Akito: I'm looking for something that's agile, so I think I'll go with the wolf...
Toya: Then, I'll go with the panda.
Akito: The panda? What can it do?
Toya: Based on its character description, it seems to be very hardy and resilient. Furthermore, you can use its skills to protect your allies.
Akito: You know we're just here to have fun, right? You could've just gone with whatever you wanted.
Toya: No worries there. I chose the panda because we seemed to see eye to eye.
Akito: Eye to eye...? You know... Hm? Oh, someone wants to play with us.
Toya: You can do that?
Akito: Yeah, if we play together, we'll get to play against a special boss.
Toya: Shall we give it a try?
Akito: Yeah, let's do it. I'll hit accept.
Toya: They sent a stamp saying, “Looking forward to playing with you.”
Akito: Toya, it's starting. Get ready... Huh?!
Akito: Geez, we're surrounded right off the bat?! What happened to being beginner-friendly?!
Toya: Wait, Akito, look. Our friends are that owl and alligator. They're jumping up and down while waving their hands.
Toya: How do you do that? What's the command for...?
Akito: No time for that! Shoot the baddies!
(Black cut)
Akito: Alright, that just leaves the final stage.
Akito: I wasn't sure if we'd make it at first, but luckily, none of the enemies were very smart or mobile.
Toya: After all, this is a stage for beginners that includes a tutorial.
Akito: Also, I was wondering why all these items were dropping.
Akito: I mean, that owl and alligator are really good.
Toya: Yes, they are. The alligator's a strong attacker that can charge in and break enemy formations while the owl provides support fire from the rear. They're each playing a clear role.
Akito: The owl in particular isn't doing anything flashy, but it really seems to know what it's doing.
Akito: It hits anything that tries to flank us and even guides enemies towards us in a way that makes it easy for us to take them out.
Akito: Oh, the boss stage is about to start.
Toya: Ah, this must be the special stage you were talking about.
Akito: Yeah, but I have no idea what we'll be fighting... Huh...?
Akito: Hang on... This green wall that's wriggling around... Is that...?
Toya: Yes, that's the enemy. It looks like we can only see its torso...
Akito: Why'd they make it so big?!
(Black cut)
Akito: Guh...! Let's finish this!
Akito: Huff... Huff... There...!
Toya: We did it, Akito!
Akito: Yeah, even though it was for beginners, this stage turned out to be pretty fun.
Akito: (But I became so focused that I forgot to listen to the background music...)
???: Woohoo! We did it! Nene, we won!
Akito: Hm...? That voice...
Toya: It's coming from behind our machines.
Akito: I guess they have the same ones on the other side. Oh...
Nene: I was worried that we wouldn't make it at first, but I'm glad that wolf and panda were so good...
Emu: Yeah! They even came to the rescue when that alien stepped on my alligator's tail and kept me from bouncing up and down!
Akito: I guess that's who we were playing with just now...
Toya: Yes, our sisters-in-arms were right under our noses this whole time.
Akito: I knew there was a reason why they were so good. That owl had to be Kusanagi.
Emu: Huh? Akito! Toya! Hi!
Akito: Why don't we chat with them for a bit? I mean, we worked pretty hard to bring down that gigantic boss.
Toya: Sure.
(Black cut)
