508_Akito Shinonome_R2 How We Each Spend Our Days Off (event_71)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shibuya Park]

Toya: Okay... It may be better to emphasize the bass section more for that last part.
Akito: Yeah, I agree. That should give the chorus a little more pop.
Toya: Then, let's make that adjustment. We can have Azusawa and Shiraishi listen to it tomorrow.
Akito: Tomorrow...? That's sooner than normal. Are you sure?
Toya: Yes, and please don't worry. I don't plan on staying up that late to work on this.
Toya: What about you though? I noticed that you came here early to practice on your own. Please, try not to push yourself too hard...
Akito: This is nothing. And I don't want to make you worry again by doing too much.
Akito: I mean, between practice and making your own track, you're not exactly taking it easy either. That means I should also be doing what I can.
Arata: Sounds like your efforts have lit a flame under Akito.
Toya: The same goes for me.
Toya: Like him, I want to do what I can as well.
Kotaro: These guys are like...
Tatsuya: Well, I see no problem if they're saying that they're okay.
Tatsuya: However, how one performs can change drastically based on the way they spend their time preparing.
Arata: Yes, that's very true. You can try all you want, but it's all for naught if you're too exhausted.
Akito: Yeah, I get that... But don't you guys do stuff outside of our joint practices?
Kotaro: I usually crash and fall asleep whenever I feel really tired. I'm usually all ready to sing by the time I wake up the next day!
Akito: I was asking about how you guys practice...
Tatsuya: He may be a bit of an extreme example, but I also like to rest whenever I can.
Tatsuya: I usually use that time to listen to our songs or watch videos of our shows to imagine how we're going to perform.
Arata: I also prefer to take it easy the day before long practices or rehearsals.
Arata: I may try to get a breath of fresh air by traveling somewhere far away to take photos or something else that's unrelated to music.
Arata: Those sorts of trips can also lead to some nice inspiration. Seeing things from new perspectives tend to help me put on better performances.
Kotaro: See? I'm not crazy! Taking breaks and resting is really important!
Akito: It sounds less compelling when you say it...
Tatsuya: In any case, working hard isn't the only way to put on better performances.
Tatsuya: So, why not set aside some days here and there to stop and smell the flowers?
Toya: Yes, I see... Then, it may be good for us to make some adjustments to our practice schedule.
Akito: Yeah, I agree. But for now, we gotta keep working on our new songs.
Akito: We can come back to that after the event.
Kotaro: ...
Akito: What is it? You got something to say?
Kotaro: No, not really. It's just... You seem all prickly most of the time, but you're really not deep down.
Akito: Huh? What are you talking about?
Tatsuya: Yeah, I thought you were pretty stubborn and unbending at first, but you're more flexible than I initially realized.
Akito: Give me some credit... Of course I'm willing to try things that could prove beneficial to my team.
Tatsuya: Haha. Yeah, sorry, I wasn't trying to be mean or anything.
Tatsuya: Anyway, I'll be looking forward to hearing Vivid BAD SQUAD's new songs.
Akito: It goes without saying that we're gonna blow the roof off the place.
Arata: Hehe. I like that... With the time we have left, let's all do our best to make our event a good one.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shibuya Park]

Akito: Alright, let's go with this set list. Are we all good with that?
An: Yup! I'm okay with it.
Toya: I'm also okay with it.
Akito: Then, that settles that.
Kohane: And I feel our set list has become really good thanks to the addition of your track, Aoyagi.
An: Totally! It adds such a nice accent. I can't wait to see how the crowd's gonna react to it.
Toya: I'm happy that you're saying that, but...
Akito: What's up?
Toya: I know I should've said this sooner, but I'm sorry for making it without asking you all first.
Toya: Not only did it take you all by surprise, but we have to practice even more now after deciding to perform two songs. It seems like such a large burden.
Kohane: But it's not a burden. We agreed to perform two songs because we all think that your song is just that amazing.
Akito: Also, we sort of already knew that you were working on something.
Toya: Ah, I had a feeling...
Akito: However, it didn't seem like you were being bothered by anything, and you were doing fine during practice.
Akito: In the end, we figured that there was nothing for us to worry about since you seemed to know what you were doing.
An: And we had a feeling that you'd come talk to us if you needed our help.
Akito: Still, I wasn't expecting to hear that you were working on your own track.
Toya: Again, sorry about that...
Toya: I'll let you all know the next time I do.
Akito: You don't have to tell us every single time. Just bring it over for us to listen if you think it's good.
Akito: And ask me for help if you ever need it. I'll always be willing to help.
An: Yeah, what he said! I'll help too if you ever think you need it!
Kohane: Oh, me too...! That is, if you think I can help.
Toya: Yes, thank you all very much.
Akito: It could be fun to make a track together down the road.
Toya: Yes, that does sound fun...
An: Oh, I really wanna hear that song!
Kohane: A track by you two... That does sound interesting. I wonder how it'll turn out.
Akito: It's not like we've actually decided to make one... But I am looking forward to that prospect.
An: Oh, what if you two started fighting while making it...?
Toya: I hope we don't... Akito, please tell me straight away without hiding it if something is bothering you.
An: Haha. When that happens, Kohane or I will step in to save the day.
Toya: Yes, I'd appreciate that very much.
Akito: What are you all going on about...?
Kohane: Hehe...!
An: We're just making sure that we're prepared.
Akito: *Sigh* More importantly, we have an event to think about.
An: All good! I'm gonna do mental prep for our rehearsal starting tomorrow.
Akito: Fine. In any case, we have a lot of work ahead of us if we plan on singing both our song and Toya's at a high level.
Toya: Right. Let's do our best to make our next event one to remember.
Kohane & An: Yeah!
(Black cut)
