513_Akito Shinonome_R4 Those Wild Cheers (event_72)

Gacha phrase: Let's give them everything, guys!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Shibuya Festa - Backstage]

Kohane: Our show went so well!
An: Yeah! We gotta tell Miku and the others about this!
An: Oh, also! If we're gonna head over there, we should get them some food from here.
Toya: Yes, I suspect Len in particular would like that very much.
Akito: Alright, it shouldn't take too long either. The stalls shouldn't be all that crowded right now.
Kohane: Yeah! But we have a lot of options to choose from. What should we get?
Toya: Oh, Akito, that reminds me. Are you sure you don't want to go say hi to your sister?
Akito: What? Nah, I'm good.
An: Really? Why not go see her for a bit? Also, I kinda wanna talk to Mizuki...
Akito: I have no idea what she's doing right now, and I really don't feel like talking to her right now.
An: Fine, be that way... I'll ask Mizuki what they're doing.
An: Whoa, that was fast! Uhh... “We're by the piano”...?
Kohane: Oh, the one by Miyamasuzaka? I remember seeing a piano sitting in the middle of the street near the stalls.
Toya: That's right along the way home. What do you say, Akito? That's no reason to avoid it...
Akito: Fine, if it's just on the way...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Kohane: Oh, there they are!
An: Everyone's clapping. What do you think's going on?
Akito: (Those two standing there... I think they're from Ena's group...)
Akito: (I saw her at the first aid tent... What was her name? Asahina? Pretty sure she writes all the lyrics and mixes their songs...)
Mizuki: Hey, An! Over here!
An: There you are, Mizuki! Sorry! Thanks for waiting!
Ena: Wait, you're here too...?
Akito: This just happened to be on our way home.
Mizuki: Fun banter as always. Oh, here come Kanade and Mafuyu♪
Mizuki: Great performance, you two! Guess who's here? It's Li'l Bro and company!
Kohane: Hello, it's nice to see you.
Mafuyu: Oh, hello... Your performance earlier was very good.
Akito: Thank you for taking the time to see our show. I know you were busy. Oh, also, thank you for what you did when we were at the first aid tent...
Akito: Were you two playing the piano just now?
Mafuyu: Oh, um... Yes, that was us. I felt compelled to since I hadn't played any musical instruments in a while.
Akito: I see.
Toya: I'm sure you put on a very nice performance. A sense of awe seems to have come over everyone around here.
Kohane: And so many people were applauding just now. I wish I could've heard you play, Asahina...
Mafuyu: Hehe. I appreciate your kind words, but it really wasn't much of a performance.
Mizuki: Really? But you two played so well together.
An: If only you'd asked your sister sooner, Akito, we might've been able to hear them play.
Akito: Don't you mean that you should've asked Akiyama sooner?
Ena: Oh, Toya, there's something I wanna ask you.
Toya: Sure, ask away.
Ena: I forgot to ask you this before, but how were those cookies I got you? Did you like them?
Mafuyu & Mizuki: Cookies?
Ena: Yeah, for getting revenge on this one claw machine that gave me a lot of trouble. He won the prize I wanted from it.
Kanade: Oh, is this about PenPyon...?
Ena: Yeah. I decided to buy some cookies to thank him, which I had Akito deliver.
Toya: Thank you for getting those. They were delicious and tasted of tea. It was a very nice gift.
Ena: Really? Then, I'm glad I bought them!
Akito: Hey, what about me? You keep treating me like your personal servant. Don't I deserve some kind of reward?
Ena: What? Is there something you want?
Ena: Hmm... Alright, fine. That okonomiyaki over there looks pretty good. How does that sound? My treat.
Akito: That's not the point.
Akito: But fine. I won't say no to that...
Ena: What's with that tone?
Akito: I'm taking what I can get.
Ena: Oh? Then, hurry up and choose...
Ena: Pork and eggs? Squid and eggs? Oh, wait. Toya doesn't like squid...
Akito: Yeah, so pork and eggs...
An: Hehe. It must be so nice to have siblings.
Kohane: Yeah, I like how open they are with one another.
Mizuki: Well, in their case, Li'l Bro has to do a lot of the compromising...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

[Miyamasuzaka]

An: That okonomiyaki was so good! But Akito's sister ended up paying for everything...
Kohane: Yeah, I sort of feel guilty about having her buy our share.
Toya: Akito, please tell your sister later how much we appreciate her gesture.
Akito: Yeah, sure thing. I'll tell her when I get home.
Akito: Anyway, weren't we supposed to buy food for Len and the others?
An: Oh, right. What should we get? More okonomiyaki?
Akito: More? Hang on. Shouldn't we just ask what they want?
An: Haha. Yeah, let's do that! Lemme just tell them what's up and...
Len: <You guys rang?>
Akito: Yeah, we were just about to...
(Black cut)
Len: <Check out all the stalls, you guys!>
KAITO: <Wow! This is what you were talking about! I've been wanting to see for myself ever since you told us that story about the Summer Festival, Len!>
Rin: <Yeah, same! That's like the only thing you've been talking about lately!>
Len: <Th-That's not true!>
Luka: <Haha! But you were right, Len. Just look at all these stalls. It looks like so much fun that I don't know where to begin.>
Akito: Keep it down, you guys. We wouldn't want anybody seeing you.
Len: <We know! This isn't my first time, so I'll be...>
Len: <Hey, that man's holding a big ear of corn! Can we go see that?!>
Toya: Ah, that must be a stall for roasted corn. The sizzling soy sauce looks very appetizing.
Luka: <Oh, the girl in white over there is holding some adorable-looking balls. What are those?>
Kohane: That's called baby castella.
KAITO: <I'm interested in that red place! The one behind Toya...!>
Toya: The takoyaki stall? I'm interested as well actually...
Rin: <Really? I wanna see what all those people are doing over there!>
Kohane: What are they selling? I can't really see. There's too many people... It looks like... Shaved ice?
Akito: Alright, everyone, settle down...
Kohane: But I'm glad that they're enjoying everything so much.
Toya: At the same time, going around to each place they want to see will require quite a bit of time.
Akito: Then, let's split up to buy everything. We can meet back up once we're all done.
An: Okay! Luka, you come with me. I've been meaning to check out the baby castella stand.
Luka: <Oh, really? Thank you, An. Let's go!>
Toya: KAITO, you can come with me.
KAITO: <Great! Lead the way, Toya!>
Kohane: Who are you taking, Shinonome?
Akito: Um, I'll take...
Akito: (I don't have any strong preferences... But I wanna say that the roasted corn stall's pretty far from here...)
Akito: I'll take Len.
Kohane: Okay. Then, Rin, let's get some shaved ice together.
Rin: <Cool! Thanks, Kohane! Let's go! It's that way!>
Akito: Anyway, we should get going.
Len: <Yeah, let's go!>
Akito: Alright, alright.
???: Hey, Akito!
Akito: Hm? That voice...
Len: <It's Shota!>
Akito: Whoa, wait, hide...!
Shota: Thank goodness I found you. I thought you'd gone home already.
Akito: I was actually about to, but decided to check out some of the stalls before I did. Anyway, what's up?
Shota: It's not super important, but I thought that I should thank you...
Shota: I really appreciate you and your team participating in this event. You guys really made the whole place go wild!
Akito: Yeah, it's no big. If anything, thanks for inviting us.
Akito: This ended up being a good experience for us, I mean, it's not every day that you get to perform on such a big stage.
Shota: Right. Then, I'm glad I invited you guys!
Shota: I'll see you around, Akito! Again, thanks for the awesome performance!
Akito: (Hmm... Interesting...)
Akito: (I pretty much stopped talking to Shota after I quit playing soccer. But now, we're back to seeing each other kinda often...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: Hey, Shota!
Shota: Hm? Yeah?
Akito: Um... If you end up working on another event, make sure to let us know, okay?
Shota: Huh...? Does that mean you'll perform in the next one...?
Akito: It'll depend on the situation, but we're friends, right? I might be willing to lend you a hand.
Shota: *Gasp* Thanks! I'll keep that offer in mind!
Akito: Sure thing. Anyway, see you...
Akito: What are you smiling about?
Len: <Oh, nothing... Anyway, let's hurry up and get us some roasted corn!>
Akito: Alright, fine...
(Black cut)
