534_Akito Shinonome_RB Happy Birthday! 2023

Gacha phrase: Thanks for celebrating with me.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mafuyu Asahina)

[After school]

[Kamiyama High School]

Akito: Once again, I'm sorry. See you tomorrow.
Akito: (*Sigh* I didn't expect my math homework to take so long.)
Akito: (Toya and the others already went on ahead, so I oughta catch up.)
Classmate A: Yo, Akito! It's your birthday today, right?
Akito: Yeah. What about it?
Classmate B: You like sweet stuff, don'tcha? It's nothing fancy, just from the convenience store, but we got you this Swiss roll. Happy birthday, man!
Akito: Seriously? Thanks, that's nice of you.
Classmate A: Catch ya later!
Akito: (I'm surprised they remembered. Also...)
Akito: I don't like how quiet it feels today... The corridor's usually noisier than this.
Akito: Anyway, I've gotta get going to practice. No time to stare into space.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Akito: (Okay, gotta hurry...)
Akito: Hm?
???: Rustle rustle rustle!
Akito: Is that...?
Akito: I'm gonna ignore that.
???: Huh?! Rustle rustle rustle! What could be in this incredibly suspicious tall grass?!
Akito: I probably shouldn't get close to it if it's suspicious.
???: Well, maybe! But, then we can't do the “Suspicious Rustling Grass! What's Inside? Whoa, Wonderhoy!” Birthday Surprise...
Akito: You kinda ruined the “surprise” there.
Emu: Argh, it's time for Plan B! Everyone, he's not coming to us! We gotta get on the attack!
Emu: Happy wonderhoy birthday jump!
Akito: Wh-What the...?!
Tsukasa: Akito!!! Happy birthday!!!
Nene & Rui: H-Happy birthday... Happy birthday!
Akito: (Oh, now it makes sense... It seemed so quiet because these guys weren't around.)
Akito: Otori, did you sneak into our school again?
Emu: Yup! I heard it was your birthday and knew we had to put on a show for you!
Akito: Except shows aren't a necessary part of birthdays, you know?
Rui: Thanks to some improvements I made, the ejection device that we used at Shibuya Festa can now eject two performers at once. And what better chance to have you see it than on your birthday?
Akito: So you're using my birthday as an excuse to use that huge ejection thing?
Rui: No no no, that's not true. I genuinely would like to celebrate your birthday and leave you smiling.
Akito: I don't trust you...
Nene: ...
Emu: Hey! Where are you going, Nene?!
Nene: ... I was just...heading to the restroom.
Akito: Kusanagi... If you didn't want to do it, you could've stopped them in the first place...
Nene: I-I told them I was against it! It's embarrassing to put on a surprise show where all of our classmates can see...!
Tsukasa: What do you mean, Nene? You were the one saying, “Well, if it's just singing 'Happy Birthday' for him, I guess it'd be fine.”
Nene: I didn't mean here! So what, I have to sing at the school gate for all the world to see?
Tsukasa: Hmm. If that's how you feel, then let's drop that idea.
Tsukasa: However, even if we're no longer singing, we still have a show prepared for you!
Tsukasa: A show by the name of... “The Road of Vivid BAD SQUAD!”
Akito: Huh?
Tsukasa: Toya has filled me in on everything that took place from the day you two met to the formation of your team. And today, you will see our adaptation of that!
Tsukasa: So, without further ado: I am Akito Shinonome!!! I will surpass the legendary night!!!
Emu: And I'm Kohane Azusawa! I'm...going to sing!
Rui: I'm Toya Aoyagi♪ Do I even...have the right to sing with you?
Nene: S-Surely I'm too unbelievable as Shiraishi?! Someone switch with me!
Emu: You can do it, Nene! Have confidence!
Akito: What the heck am I being made to watch...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Akito: Ugh, I thought that would never end... Though, I guess it was pretty funny.
???: Oh, is that you, Akito?
Akito: Huh?
Shizuku: It is you! Hello, Akito!
Akito: Oh... Hinomori and Asahina? Why are the two of you...
Mafuyu: Hello. The two of us are on our way home from archery club.
Shizuku: By the way, Akito. Today is your birthday, right?
Akito: Um, yes it is.
Mafuyu: (His birthday... Come to think of it, Ena and Mizuki were talking about it last night.)
Mafuyu: (They were talking about preparing something for him...)
Shizuku: Oh, I know. They're nothing special but here, have these!
Akito: These are...?
Shizuku: Cough drops. I just bought them earlier for myself, but you and your team work so hard on singing. I imagine you need them too.
Akito: Oh, that's very thoughtful. Thank you very much.
Mafuyu: Ah... I'm so sorry. I'm afraid I have no gift prepared for you.
Akito: Please don't trouble yourself, but I appreciate the sentiment. Besides, you already do so much for my sister.
Mafuyu: That's not true at all. Ena is far more capable than I am.
Akito: Haha, I'm pleased to hear it.
Mafuyu: Hehe. Once again, happy birthday. I hope you have a wonderful year ahead.
Akito: That's very kind. Thank you so much, both of you.
Akito: Hm? A message?
Toya's Message (Toya): “Let's meet up in SEKAI today. We've gone ahead to warm up.”
Akito: Yikes, I really do need to hurry now.
Akito: I'd better be going now, if you'll excuse me!
Akito: (Come to think of it, I haven't heard anything from the others today.)
Akito: (Also, we're warming up in SEKAI, which we never do... I wonder...)
Akito: Geez, so much for having no time to mess around.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

Len: I couldn't eat another bite!
Rin: The food MEIKO made was so good, right?
Akito: No kidding. I was gonna save some room for dinner, but it was so good that I stuffed myself.
Luka: I know what you mean♪ Before I knew it I'd gobbled up everything on the table.
Miku (VBS): But Luka, you didn't try the mini cakes I made?
Luka: Um, well, the thing is...!
KAITO: Hahaha... The pancakes topped with the homemade ice cream were delicious too!
MEIKO: Thank you for eating so much, everyone! I see my efforts weren't wasted.
Akito: I should be thanking you, MEIKO. This was more than I could have ever expected.
Len: And now to cap it all off, there's a present from all of us!
Akito: Hm? A present?
Rin: Yeah! We put a lot of thought into these and chose them together♪ Here you go!
An: Hehe, open it up, Akito! We also helped pick your present.
Toya: We hope you like them...
Akito: Thanks, guys. Okay, I'm opening it.
Akito: Oh, these...are the running shoes I wanted!
Len: Wait, for real?!
Kohane: Really? You mentioned you wanted new running shoes when we passed by the shoe store one time on the way home, so that's why we chose shoes...
An: But we didn't know what design you would like, so we spent a long time looking around with Len and the others. Who would've thought we'd pick just the ones you wanted!
Rin: It was a good thing that Toya said these were the best right at the last minute!
Toya: I have to admit though, it was just intuition... I'm glad they were the ones Akito wanted.
Akito: You guys... Thank you.
An: So, happy birthday Akito! I'm excited to see where we go from here!
Akito: Likewise. Thanks, everyone.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shibuya Park]

Akito: We came back at a perfect time of day. After this I can...
An: Oh yeah, Akito! Do you have time after this?
Akito: Huh? After this?
Akito: I was gonna go running. Gotta try out my new shoes, after all.
Kohane: Huh? Do you run even on your birthday, Shinonome?
Akito: Days like today are when I'm most careful. I'll lose my pace if I relax too much and let myself slack off.
Toya: I suppose that makes sense.
An: Well, I get what you mean, but... Do you want to come over to Dad's place for just a while? He told me he made you a cake.
Akito: Ken did? Why didn't you say sooner? I have to go now.
Kohane: Hehe, Shinonome looks so happy.
Toya: He does, doesn't he?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shinonome Household - Living Room]

Akito: I'm back.
Akito: (I had that awesome cake at Ken's, then went for a really long run, so I'm back pretty late.)
Akito: (And now I'm hungry again from running so much...)
Akito: Guess I'll grab something from the fridge...
Ena: Oh, Akito! What are you doing back so late?
Akito: I couldn't help it. I had a lot going on. Anyway, I'm looking for something to eat.
Ena: Here!
Akito: Hm? Is this...a cake?
Ena: Yup! It's a homemade cheesecake! And it looks delicious, right?
Akito: It does look good... Did you make this? The decoration on top is pretty well made.
Ena: Hmph... Airi and Mizuki made that.
Akito: Huh? Momoi and Akiyama?
Ena: Yeah. Your birthday came up yesterday, and Mizuki suggested that you might like this kind of thing every now and then.
Ena: But we weren't confident enough to do it ourselves, so we got Airi to help us out.
Akito: Wow... I gotta say thank you to those guys.
Ena: Wait a second! Shouldn't you be saying thank you to someone else first?
Akito: Oh...
Akito: Well, thank you.
Ena: Did you need that “well” just now?
Akito: Oh, give it a rest. Anyway, I'll be digging in now.
Ena: Hey, you should use a fork! Just wait, I'll go get one!
Akito: Geez, the cake's not going anywhere...
Akito: Honestly, with all these people celebrating with me, this hasn't been a bad birthday.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000135/bg_s000135.webp)
Ena: The cake we made was good, right? Make sure you get something tasty for my birthday too!
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Li'l Bro! Hehehe, wasn't the decoration for your cake the cutest? Let me know how it tasted when I see you♪
Airi: Happy birthday, Akito! I sneakily snapped some photos of Ena hard at work making your cake. I'll send you them later♪
Mafuyu: Happy birthday. Ena and Mizuki said that they had fun making your cake.
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Akito! Keep at it with your singing. I'll be rooting for you!
Tsukasa: Akito! Happy birthday! Wasn't my rendition of Akito Shinonome one for the books? I think you could even learn some things from me.
Rui: Happy birthday, Shinonome. From the look you had on your face, I take it he wasn't quite accurate?
Nene: Um, happy birthday... I'm sorry we kind of caused a ruckus... Did you like our show?
Emu: Happy wonderhoy birthday, Akito☆ Thank you for watching our birthday show! Let's game again sometime!
Kohane: Happy birthday, Shinonome! I couldn't help but smile seeing how much you enjoyed the cakes that MEIKO and An's dad made.
An: Happy birthday, Akito! It was so fun getting to celebrate both in SEKAI and over here! Oh, why don't we do a birthday show here too while we're at it?
Toya: I'm glad we were able to celebrate with so many people today. Once again, happy birthday, Akito.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Akito: I have more friends and I do more events now... And I guess that means I now have more people to wish me happy birthday too. I'm grateful.
Akito: I'm not the type to get caught up in a celebration, but this is pretty nice once in a while.
Akito: But as soon as this break's over, you bet I'm gonna start running again, and as fast as I can.
Akito: We're gonna keep on pushing forward... We have to.
Akito: And that's why I'm going to keep running, more than anyone else.
Akito: So, I hope you'll stick around.
(White cut)
