551_Akito Shinonome_R4 The Reason For His Words (event_79)

Gacha phrase: I can keep going knowing this...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome)

[Kamiyama Street]

Toya: We practiced singing for much longer than I was expecting.
An: Get home safe, okay, you guys? You especially, Kohane, since you're such a cutie.
Kohane: Wah! A-An, I'll be fine.
Akito: Geez...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kotaro: Wait, Akito, I thought you were done training!
Akito: No way, dude. I've still got some stuff left to do.
Toya: Oh, in that case, I'd like to join you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (We really ended up training together...)
Akito: Anyway, see you all tomorrow.
Kohane, An, Toya & Kotaro: Bye! Okay. See you!
Akito: (We practiced a lot... But I feel so light for some reason.)
Akito: (I think I'll squeeze in another run.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shinonome Household - Living Room]

Akito: I'm back.
Ena: Welcome... Ew...
Akito: Geez, why the disgusted face?
Ena: That's because you're all sweaty and gross.
Ena: Seriously, how did you get like that? It's freezing outside.
Akito: I ran.
Ena: You ran? I thought you guys were having an after party?
Akito: I'm still sticking to my regular training routine. Also, I sort of felt like running a little more than usual today.
Ena: Okay...?
Ena: Anyway, why don't you go take a bath? You're gonna catch a cold at this rate.
Akito: Alright, I will.
Ena: You should be grateful since I came downstairs to take mine...
Akito: Yes, your majesty. Thank you very much.
Ena: Hey, what's that supposed to mean?
Ena: Hm...?
Akito: Huh?! Wh-What is it...?
Ena: Hmm... Maybe I was just imagining things...
Akito: Imagining what?
Ena: Have you been crying, Akito...?
Akito: ...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: At long last...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: What makes you think that...?
Ena: Because the skin around your eyes looks kinda red.
Akito: Around my eyes?
Ena: Yeah. You've always done that.
Ena: Most people get bloodshot eyes when they cry, but you take out your frustration or anger by rubbing so hard that it's your skin that turns red instead.
Akito: Has this always been happening...?
Ena: You didn't know?
Ena: To be fair, I had to look pretty closely before I noticed. You don't look nearly as bad as you did that other time.
Akito: I didn't admit to crying or anything. Also, what do you mean by “that other time”?
Ena: When you just started to sing and perform. You should've seen the look on your face. I decided to just leave you be.
Akito: ...
Akito: (She can be pretty sharp sometimes...)
Ena: Anyway, I'm letting you take a bath before me, so hurry up and go, will you?
Akito: Okay, fine. Don't start acting like a big sister on me all of a sudden.
Ena: Excuse me? I'm your big sister no matter what.
Akito: You sure about that?
Ena: Hey, wait...!
Akito: (Grr... The last person I wanted to know noticed...)
Akito: (Luckily, Toya and the others didn't...probably...)
Akito: *Sigh* Time for that bath...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome)

[Christmas Day]

[Weekend Garage]

An: Dad, we're just about done putting out all the dishes.
Akito: Is there anything else you need us to do?
An's Father: No, that should do it. Feel free to relax and enjoy yourselves now.
Kotaro: Hey!
An: Hey, you guys! Welcome!
Toya: Looks like EVER's all here too.
Tatsuya: We decided to accept your invitation since it's important to take breaks from time to time.
Arata: I was actually a little hesitant since I'm not a regular here...
An's Father: An and her team invited you all, right? That means you're more than welcome.
Arata: Thank you, Ken...
An's Father: Now, let me take this opportunity to ask all of you. Who wants some of our special Christmas honey waffles?
An: Oh, me! I want some!
Kohane: Me too.
Akito: Same. Anyone else...?
Kotaro: Us too!
An's Father: Hahaha. I guess you're all craving something sweet.
Arata: Haha. To be fair, Akito's probably the only one here with a real sweet tooth.
Akito: Hey, so are you. Remember how you got that chocolate parfait right after we did that show?
Kohane: Oh, is that true?
Arata: Yes. It's always nice to have something sweet whenever you feel tired. And it serves as a nice reward for myself.
Arata: However, Akito, you seem to enjoy having sweets regardless of the situation.
Akito: Huh? I...
Toya: Yes, he does.
Kohane: Hehe. It's true.
Kotaro: Hang on. Is that why you run so much?
Akito: No way, dude. I always watch what I eat and save some for later.
Tatsuya: Later? So you still end up eating it?
Kohane & An: Hehe. Hahahaha.
(Black cut)
An: Alright... Let's get our Christmas party started!
An: Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
Regulars: Cheers!
(Black cut)
An's Father: Okay, sugar connoisseurs, your honey waffles are ready! Can someone carry them over for me?
Akito: Yes, I'll be right there!
An: You guys all having fun? I think it's about time we started singing!
Regular A: Yeah! 'Tis the season! Nice idea, An!
Regular B: Especially since you've gathered a bunch of good singers together. Let's hear it!
Arata: An seems awfully excited.
Toya: She always seems to want to sing during these sorts of parties.
Akito: Also, she was pretty busy taking orders and serving everyone until just a second ago. I've gotta think that she's been looking forward to some free time.
Taiga: Whoa, this place is packed.
Akito: Oh...
An's Father: Hey, I'm not serving alcohol during the middle of the day. You'll just have to make do with coffee.
Taiga: Fine.
Akito: Hey, Taiga.
Taiga: Hey, you're here.
Taiga: Looks like you feel a lot better now.
Akito: Yes, I have you to thank for that.
Akito: Um... I appreciate what you told me that time. About how things were back then.
Taiga: You don't need to thank me. I just felt like talking is all.
Taiga: Also, I'm sure that others are more worried about your well-being.
Taiga: If I didn't say anything, I have a feeling that they would have.
Akito: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: (Right... Toya and the others rushed over after they'd heard what happened...)
Taiga: Hey, buck up. It's Christmas, isn't it?!
Akito: Ow...! Wh-What was that for?!
Taiga: Hahaha!
Taiga: You're young, so you're allowed to feel lost and ask others for help. I say use that privilege as much as you can.
Akito: Okay, I will.
(Black cut)
