569_Akito Shinonome_R2 It's About The Journey (event_81)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[New Year's Eve - Early morning]

[Weekend Garage]

An: *Yawn* I'm so sleepy... I might just doze off...
Kohane: I'm still a little sleepy too...
Toya: As am I. It's rare for any of us to get up this early for anything...
Akito: Good, you're all here.
Akito: (Fortunately, our team doesn't include any snoozers like Ena.)
Akito: Hey, where's Ken?
An: He's doing one final check of all the luggage. He said he's bringing some sound equipment along.
Akito: I see.
Akito: You guys look sleepy... Do you have everything you need?
An: Yeah. Kohane and I have our matching fluffy socks, so we should be good...
Akito: Your what...?
Kohane: You seem totally awake, Shinonome. Aren't you sleepy at all?
Akito: Oh, I usually go jogging around this time, and I went for a run earlier this morning.
Kohane: What?! This morning...?!
Akito: I get anxious if I don't run.
An: Whoa. You're just like Haruka.
An: I thought I was more or less a morning person, but four in the morning still feels super early.
Akito: But we're not about to sing or anything, so why don't you guys just sleep during the drive over?
Akito: Also, it's not like we're gonna perform right when we get there.
An: Yeah, since we're not actually performing until later tonight. My dad said we can go skiing and stuff while he and his friend get everything set up!
An: Oh, we're leaving the next day, but he also said that we'll have some time to hit the slopes before we go.
Kohane: Hehe. I'm really looking forward to that, but I'm also a little worried about actually being able to ski...
Toya: Me too. I feel both anxious and excited at the same time.
Akito: Anxious? Because you've never skied before?
Toya: Yes. In particular, if I'll be able to stop myself... And how high the chairlift is going to be...
Akito: Oh, the chairlift...
An: Yeah, they do go pretty high up...
An: But braking won't be an issue! Akito and I can teach you that.
Akito: Yeah, you'll be fine.
Toya: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Kohane: Yeah, I really appreciate you guys teaching us!
An: Of course!
An: Oh, also! My dad asked if there were any rest areas that you guys want to stop at.
An: We're probably gonna take a few breaks along the way, so it'd be nice to stop somewhere fun, right?
An: Apparently, some have a really good breakfast service and others have public foot baths!
Akito: A good breakfast sounds nice. I grabbed a quick bite before I came over, but I'm starting to get hungry again after running.
Kohane: A foot bath sounds really nice too! Especially since it's gonna be cold where we're going.
Toya: A foot bath? That may also be a first for me.
An: Hehe. There's even a website with info about popular rest areas, so let's check it out later!
Akito: That's great and all... But aren't you all forgetting our main objective?
An: No, we haven't!
An: However, since we're all going together, I feel that we should have a good time along the way!
Toya: I agree. We took the train when we went camping, but we have a car this time.
Toya: I'm hoping to see some new sights on our way over.
Kohane: Me too! Hehe. Do you think there'll be a chance to take a photo of the sunrise?
An: Oh, I think I remember seeing a rest area where you can get a really great view of it!
Akito: So many stops.
Akito: (Still, the stops we made during our camping trip ended up being fun and refreshing.)
Akito: (And there's no real point in whining while we wait to get to our destination...)
An: Oh, there's Dad! I think he's all finished.
Akito: Alright, one last time. Do you have everything you need?
An: Yup! I mean, worst case scenario, we can still perform as long as we're physically there♪
Toya: Hehe. True...
Akito: If you say so... Anyway, let's go.
Kohane, An & Toya: Yeah! Yes.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

[Ski Resort]

An: *Sigh* We had a full day on the slopes and even had a snowball fight! I couldn't be more satisfied!
Toya: Yes. Skiing was challenging, but very fun and rewarding.
Toya: Again, Akito, Shiraishi, thank you for teaching us. You too for practicing with me, Azusawa.
Akito: There's no need to thank us.
Kohane: Yeah. Any slope other than the bunny slopes would have been too challenging for me, so I'm glad you were there to ski with me.
Toya: I see...
Akito: Still, talk about a busy couple of days...
Akito: We got up early, stopped by a bunch of rest areas, got here, hit the slopes, put on a performance and hit the slopes again...
Toya: And we got to be a part of the show Tsukasa and his troupe put on.
Kohane: Yeah. I sort of couldn't believe it when I saw that they were performing here!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

???: “What a wonderfully snowy village!”
Toya: Hm? That voice... But there's no reason for him to be...
Akito: No... Based on my experience, he appears when you least expect it...
Akito: I knew it...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: I still don't understand how they can be everywhere at once.
An: Haha! You really do run into them a lot, huh?
Toya: Seeing their show at the beginning of the new year was very invigorating.
Kohane: Yeah, it was! On top of that, we also smiled and laughed so much! I have a really good feeling about this coming year!
An: Same. Talk about a “cool” way to start off the year! You know, because we're at a snowy ski resort?
Kohane: Hehe. Nice one, An!
An: Thanks!
Akito: Alright, you two...
Akito: ...
Akito: Still, I agree. This does seem like the start of a good year. I mean, you don't get many chances to perform in the great outdoors like this.
Akito: Also, it's closed during winter, but there's apparently a hiking trail.
Toya: Yes, I saw a sign for it at the lodge. The leaves are supposed to be beautiful during the fall.
An: Yeah! There were some pictures of the leaves during fall on display at the entrance.
Kohane: I saw those too. They were so pretty that I ended up asking who took them.
Akito: Not where they were taken?
Kohane: Hehe...
Toya: I saw that photo as well and found myself wanting to see the real thing...
An: Me too! That trail does sound like fun!
Akito: Then, let's hope they invite us back around that time.
An: Hehe. I might just ask the owner now!
An: Our show went really well, so I've got a really good feeling!
Toya: If we do get another opportunity, it could be nice to visit some more rest areas.
Kohane: Oh, I'd like to try that foot bath again since it felt so nice.
An: Totally! It felt so good that I almost fell asleep!
Akito: You didn't almost fall asleep. You were pretty much asleep the whole time there.
Akito: And if we're gonna do this again, I wanna check out that shop with the “ultimate” melon buns.
Toya: Yes, you seemed very interested in trying them.
An: Oh, the ones with ice cream sandwiched between them? I wanna go too! They looked so good!
Akito: I've had something similar at a different place, but it really was something else.
An: Wait, you've had something like it before? And you wanna try it again?
Akito: Hey, each shop makes it differently.
Kohane: Hehe. We have so much to look forward to.
Toya: Yes. If we do get to go on another trip, let's try to have just as much fun as we did this time.
Akito: Yeah, sounds good.
(Black cut)
