695_Akito Shinonome_R4 Outfit Assembler! (event_103)

Gacha phrase: I thought that would suit you.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome)

[Weekend Garage]

An's Father: Ah, Akito, you're here pretty early today.
Akito: I figured no other customers would be here right after you opened...
An's Father: Which probably means that you wanted to talk to me...
Akito: Yes, um... If it's alright with you...
An's Father: A kid like you doesn't need to put on a face for me. Anyway, come on in.
Akito: Thank you.
(Black cut)
An's Father: Alright, here's your usual coffee.
Akito: Thank you very much.
An's Father: So, what is it that you wanted to talk to me about...?
Akito: There's something I needed to ask you...
Akito: After we battled against Tono and lost that one time, I came here to apologize...
Akito: For not taking your advice and trying to do everything on my own.
An's Father: Yeah, I remember.
Akito: Do you also remember what you said to me...?
An's Father: I do...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

An's Father: RAD WEEKEND, huh...?
(White cut)
An's Father: Goals and ideals are things that can give people purpose, but also mislead them.
An's Father: A lot of people end up seeing the past, their own pasts especially, through rose-colored glasses.
An's Father: Without even realizing it, we all sort of exaggerate the truth and detach ourselves from reality.
Akito: I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
An's Father: I'm sure you'll understand in time...
An's Father: For now, just make sure to cherish your friends. They seemed very worried about you over what happened.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: We know the truth behind RAD WEEKEND now...
Akito: So, if possible, I'd like it if you could tell me what you meant that time...
An's Father: Right...
An's Father: Though, I have a feeling you already know the answer to that question.
Akito: I mean...
An's Father: Sorry, I wasn't trying to be unforthcoming or anything...
An's Father: A part of me knew you'd return to ask me about what I said someday. So, please feel free to speak your mind.
Akito: Then...
Akito: When you said how goals and ideals can mislead people, were you actually talking about Nagi and RAD WEEKEND?
An's Father: Yes...
An's Father: What you youngsters saw and what's become a part of the fabric of this town... They're the same thing, but also not.
An's Father: Unless you know the secret behind that event, and understand all the emotions we felt... You and your team won't be able to surpass it.
An's Father: We knew that, but we still decided to pass the torch on to the next generation.
An's Father: There's a huge gap between those who know the truth and those who don't.
An's Father: I think a part of Taiga was really bothered by how things became so distorted.
An's Father: So, as much as I don't like how he went about things, I believe that was his way of telling you all the truth...
Akito: Then, you were worried about RAD WEEKEND being called such a legendary event because...
An's Father: Nagi's passing, our choices, our ruse... None of that is anything to be glorified.
Akito: I have a much better understanding now...
Akito: Thank you for telling me all this, Ken.
An's Father: Sounds like you got the answer you were looking for.
Akito: I did.
Akito: (When he told me to cherish my friends that time, he probably wasn't just giving me advice. He was also probably talking about Nagi...)
Akito: (The only way we're going to surpass RAD WEEKEND is as a team.)
Akito: (I don't care how impossible it's gonna be. We're gonna do it.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Vivid Street]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: Let's do it. This is our real starting point.
An: We're gonna get even better. We're gonna get Arata, Kotaro and EVER back...!
An: And surpass RAD WEEKEND!
Akito, Kohane & Toya: Yeah! Okay! Yes!
(White cut)
Toya: Our first step should probably be to secure more time together. Would that be a problem for anyone?
Toya: That time can be used both for longer practices and for us to brainstorm our plans going forward.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (More time, huh...?)
Akito: (I gave it a lot of thought, and this seems to be my only option...)
(Black cut)

[Boutique Shop]

Manager: Then, Akito, let's do our best again today.
Akito: Yes, let's.
Akito: Um... Would we be able to chat for a minute after my shift?
Manager: Hm? Yes, of course.
Akito: Thank you very much.
Akito: (For now, I have a job to do...)
(Black cut)
Akito: Hello. Are you interested in this jacket?
Male Customer: Yeah, I was looking for something that goes well with a short-sleeved shirt underneath.
Akito: Do you have any particular fabrics or designs in mind, or any colors or anything? We have a fairly wide selection here.
Male Customer: Oh, I'm not really the fashion-conscious type... The clothes I usually get sort of all look the same, you know?
Male Customer: So, could you help me pick out an outfit?
Akito: Of course. Then...
Akito: (Based on what he's wearing now, I doubt he'd usually go for clothing with printed patterns. But he also said he wants something different from his usual repertoire...)
Akito: How about something with a patterned inner lining? We also have some interesting shirts that aren't too flashy.
Male Customer: You do?! Then, I'd like to try both of those!
Akito: Thank you very much. I'll bring them over now.
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Manager: Nice work today, Akito. Your work ethic and customer service skills are always a huge help around here.
Akito: Oh...
Akito: Thank you very much...
Akito: Um, so... Do you have a minute to talk?
Manager: Oh, that's right! You asked earlier if we could chat! Now should be fine since we don't have any customers at the moment.
Akito: ...
Akito: So, I need to leave this job.
Manager: ...!
Manager: Would you mind telling me why...?
Akito: I need to invest more time into practicing.
Manager: I see...
Manager: I'd heard rumors that you and your friends battled against Taiga...
Manager: And how you heard about what happened to Nagi...
Akito: So, you also knew what RAD WEEKEND was actually about...?
Manager: Yes...
Manager: I'm so sorry. I wish I could've told you...
Akito: I'm not sure what An would say, but I won't hold that against you...
Akito: I want to say that I understand just how big an influence Nagi had on this town.
Akito: And...
Akito: Our dream hasn't changed. We're going to find a way to surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Manager: ...! Right...
Manager: You said that you need more time to practice. Do you and your team already have a plan in mind?
Akito: No, not yet... But we also need time to figure that out, which is why I'm doing this now...
Manager: Understood. Then, this can be your last day.
Akito: What? Wait, I thought I had to give you a few days.
Manager: Under normal circumstances. But I'm making a special exception as your manager.
Akito: Are you sure?
Manager: Yes... This may be shameless of me to say, but I am rooting for you guys...
Akito: Boss...
Akito: We absolutely promise to put on an event that surpasses RAD WEEKEND.
Akito: Thank you for letting me work here.
Manager: Thank you for being such a wonderful employee. It was fun while it lasted. Be sure to drop by as a customer from time to time, okay?
Akito: I will!
(Black cut)
