723_Akito Shinonome_R2 Late-Night Learner (event_107)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Ena Shinonome)

[Nighttime]

[Kamiyama Street]

Akito: *Sigh* I'm so tired...
Akito: My English grammar is coming along, but I still can't remember the vocab I need.
Akito: The supplementary classes are nearly over... At this rate, am I actually gonna pass...?
Akito: I've gotta improve a little by tomorrow. I wanna be able to answer at least fifty—no, forty—percent of the questions.
Akito: I'll go over what Toya and the others taught me while it's still fresh.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shinonome Household - Living Room]

Ena: Oh, it's you. Welcome home.
Akito: What are you doing up at this hour?
Ena: What do you mean, what am I doing? I'm eating sweets. Look, I bought these since they're so cute.
Akito: What are they? Donuts?
Ena: Yep. They were on sale by the station. They were super cheap so I bought a whole bunch.
Ena: But there's none for you.
Akito: Alright, alright. I wasn't expecting any anyway.
Ena: More importantly, you're in supplementary classes, right? And you might get held back? Are you gonna be okay?
Akito: How do you know about that?
Ena: Are you that surprised? You were right here telling Mom about it the other day.
Ena: If you don't wanna get held back, wouldn't it be wise to study right now?
Akito: I don't need you to tell me that. I was about to go study.
Ena: Oh. Well, good luck with that.
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Akito: *Sigh* I'm beat...
Akito: (It's so much harder to study in my room than at school...)
Akito: (I'll grab something to drink and give it one more hour.)
Akito: Hm? There's one of those donuts left over?
Akito: What's her problem? Making a point of saying, “None for you,” then not even finishing them.
Mother: Akito, you're awake? Are you hungry?
Akito: No, I'm just getting a drink. I'm probably gonna make some coffee.
Mother: At this hour? You won't sleep a wink.
Akito: I can't sleep right now. I still need to study.
Mother: I see. Well, if you're sure, then wait there and I'll make it for you.
Mother: Oh, and eat that donut.
Akito: No way, Ena'll kill me if I do.
Mother: That one's for you, Akito.
Akito: Huh? For me?
Mother: Yes. Earlier, Ena said...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Ena: Thanks for dinner.
Mother: You're welcome. Leave the dishes to soak, will you?
Mother: Hm? There's one of those donuts you bought left over. It's only a little one, so why don't you just finish them off?
Ena: Oh, it's okay. That one's for Akito.
Ena: You need sugar when you're studying right?
Ena: I don't know how long he's going to keep at it, but can you give it to him if he comes downstairs?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: Ena...
Mother: Well, I'm sure she was being thoughtful in her own way. Make sure you say thank you to her tomorrow.
Akito: What a weirdo. What's next? Snow in summer?
Akito: It's really good.
Akito: Alright, time for one last push...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO: So, once again...
Rin: Akito! An! Congratulations on making it into second year!
Kohane & Toya: Congratulations!
An: Thank you!
Akito: I didn't feel confident when we started, but we got through it in the end.
Miku (VBS): You both worked so hard. Well done.
KAITO: You too, Toya! You were working hard teaching them, right?
Toya: Yes. However, it wasn't just me. I got help from someone I know in the year above, which was a big help.
Luka: Hey, so what were your study sessions like?
Luka: Was Toya all serious, like, “You can't leave this room until you answer these questions!”?
Len: Oh, so I heard they did a bunch of fun stuff, like playing games to decide who had to go buy snacks or swapping up who was teaching what.
Len: A study session like that sounds really fun!
An: Yeah! I know we were being a burden by getting into that mess in the first place, but it really was fun!
An: But, wait... Len, how do you know so much about our study sessions?
Len: Huh? Oh, I... Uhh...
Akito: I told him about it.
An: You did?
Akito: I came here to study a few times while we had the supplementary classes. Wanted to change things up a bit.
MEIKO: Akito stayed up late here working hard.
An: You did?!
Toya: If you'd told me, I would have come to help.
Akito: No, you were already doing more than enough for me at school.
Akito: Besides, I wanted to review what you'd already taught me that day, not learn new stuff.
Toya: I see.
Luka: Wait, what? I wish I could've helped out too!
Len: Me and Rin agreed not to tell you or KAITO.
Rin: Yep. We didn't want any disruption when Akito was trying to focus.
Luka: Whaaat?! That's so mean! KAITO, sure. But why me?!
KAITO: I was about to say the same thing! Why didn't you tell me?!
Miku (VBS): You probably have your reputations to blame for that.
Kohane: Ahaha... But actually, I understand how you feel, Luka.
Kohane: When An told me all about the study sessions, I was a little jealous.
Luka: Exactly! See, MEIKO and everyone were being mean!
KAITO: By the way, Akito, how did you study?
Akito: How did I study...? I mostly looked over my notes and worked through worksheets...
Akito: And sometimes I taught Len some things when I wanted a change of pace.
Kohane: Oh, teaching something to someone else can help you learn it, can't it?
Akito: Yeah. There were some questions on the test that I could answer because I remembered teaching Len about them.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Nice assist there, Len.
Len: I'll let you teach me again anytime!
Akito: What do you sound all high and mighty for? Still, I have to admit it was helpful.
Akito: Thank you to you too, MEIKO, for all the coffee and sweets.
MEIKO: You're very welcome. I'm glad I could help.
Luka: Now then, Akito! An! Now that you've secured your places in second year, what are your ambitions for the next twelve months?
An: Huh?
Rin: Ooh, yeah! I wanna know too! Your grades are gonna be fine from now on, right?
Akito: Well, hmm...
Akito: Next year...
Akito: Next year, I'm going to avoid failing.
An: Me too!
Toya: Surely you could aim to achieve above-average grades?
Akito: Uh... Well...
An: W-We'll give it shot...
Kohane: Ahaha...
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Well, I'm sure you've learned your lesson and will be consistently hardworking students from now on.
(Black cut)
