734_Akito Shinonome_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[One day, during lunch]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Toya: Akito.
Akito: Alright, let's go.
Nene: Those two never change... Don't they ever run out of things to talk about during lunch?
An: I mean, they are partners. I'm guessing they can talk about anything.
Nene: Is that how that works...?
(Black cut)

[The next day - Lunch break]

Toya: Akito, would you like to get lunch?
Akito: Sure.
Classmate A: We're second-years now, but this still plays out the same.
Classmate B: Hang on. Don't tell me you're not friends with anyone in your own class.
Akito: Huh? Then what am I supposed to call you guys? But I'll be happy to leave if that's what you want.
Classmate A: Wait, what?! I thought we were besties!
Classmate B: Fine, leave. We didn't want you anyway.
Classmate B: Toya, as a former classmate, here's a friendly piece of advice. You're a socially awkward guy, so you should be talking with people from your own class more than someone like Akito here.
Toya: Thank you, but I should be fine. I've been able to put into practice all my experiences with you from last year.
Classmate A: Aw, shucks, that's a nice thing to say about us!
Akito: Anyway, let's go.
(Black cut)

[A few days later - Lunch break]

[Class 2-B]

Akito: Toya, you there?
Mizuki: He is indeed♪ You guys really are inseparable.
Akito: You decided to show up today...?
Mizuki: To be fair, I just got here a second ago!
Mizuki: Anyway, Toya and I were just having a friendly chat as classmates♪
Akito: Okay...?
Mizuki: Haha! You look totally disinterested.
Toya: I doubt Akito would be all that interested in talking about books with us.
Akito: Books? Like novels?
Toya: Yes. We were just discussing the story that this one anime Akiyama likes is based on.
Mizuki: Apparently, the creator of the source material for this anime I'm hooked on lately was really influenced by mystery novels!
Mizuki: And both the original and the show have all these little nods to the genre scattered throughout it.
Mizuki: Which is why I decided to ask Toya about it since he likes mystery novels.
Akito: Hmm...
Mizuki: Ah, still no interest, I guess.
Akito: I don't read novels or watch much anime...
Mizuki: Personally, I'm surprised to hear that, considering you were born in the home of anime.
Akito: Yeah, yeah.
Akito: Anyway, we gotta get to the school store before they run out of the good stuff.
Toya: Right.
Akito: So, you got any plans...?
Mizuki: Hm? For what?
Akito: For lunch. Did you eat already?
Mizuki: No. I didn't eat anything because I thought I'd make it in time for lunch.
Mizuki: But I'd rather not ruin you guys' fun.
Akito: Okay, then, have fun eating alone.
Mizuki: No, wait! I'm sorry! That was a joke!
Mizuki: Let me have lunch with you guys! Please!
Toya: Yes, of course.
Akito: You couldn't just say that right away?
Mizuki: Oh, Li'l Bro, your buttons are just too much fun to press♪
Akito: That's it. We're going without you...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Classmates A & B: *Sigh*
Akito: Hey, what's with the synchronized sighing...?
Classmate A: *Sigh* Can't you tell that we're feeling depressed?
Classmate B: Yeah. If only there were someone to listen to what's bothering us.
Akito: Fine, I'll bite... What happened?
Classmate A: Seriously, what happened?! How did I only grow three millimeters this past year?!
Classmate B: They told me that I shrank two centimeters! I'm supposed to be a growing teenager!
Akito: Oh, you're talking about when we got our measurements taken earlier?
Classmate B: Wait, why do you sound so calm...? Please don't say that you grew...
Akito: Two centimeters.
Classmates A & B: ...
Akito: Hey, don't give me those looks...
Akito: I mean, I was surprised too. But we're only talking about two centimeters here.
Classmate B: Only two centimeters?! I shrank two centimeters! That puts me under 170!
Classmate A: Yeah, there's a huge difference between being above and below that number...!
Akito: Ah... Yeah, that is a huge difference.
Classmate B: Don't patronize us!
Classmate B: Akito! Gimme your legs...! No, your torso! Five centimeters! That's all I ask!
Akito: Not happening...
Toya: Akito, are you there? About practice after school...
Toya: Sorry, was I interrupting...?
Akito: Eh, kinda, I guess.
Akito: Come to think of it, did your class also just get measurements taken? What was your height?
Toya: My height? I grew a centimeter.
Classmates A & B: What...?!
Classmate A: How is this fair?! It's like only the tall ones get to keep growing!
Classmate B: Yeah! I'm really starting to reconsider our relationship!
Toya: Huh...?
Classmate A: Oh...
Classmate B: No, that was a joke! I didn't mean what I just said! Don't take it seriously!
Akito: *Sigh*
Akito: Don't mind them. They're just griping about not growing as much as they'd hoped.
Classmate A: Guh...! You're right, but this is still really frustrating...
Classmate B: Yeah, that's all true! Sorry, Toya, you've done nothing wrong...!
Toya: I see... Thank goodness...
Toya: For a second there, I was worried that I'd overstepped a boundary and said or done something to offend you...
Classmate B: Argh...! M-My poor heart...
Akito: I vaguely remember whining about my height and shoe size when I was still playing soccer...
Toya: Height I understand... But why your shoe size?
Akito: Haven't you ever heard about how people with big feet are supposed to grow tall?
Toya: Yes, I have... But that apparently has no scientific basis.
Akito: Yeah, I didn't believe it either when I saw someone say that on TV.
Classmate A: No, big feet means being able to support a large body! It's a sign that someone's ready to grow, right?!
Akito: Yeah, I thought the same thing. But it's apparently normal to stop growing after your voice changes.
Classmate A: What...?!
Classmate B: No, that doesn't make any sense. You're still growing! Explain that!
Akito: Don't ask me...
Akito: I mean, if you wanna grow taller, then why don't you make some changes to your current lifestyle? Staying up late playing video games probably isn't helping.
Classmate B: Urgh... I didn't come here to be lectured.
Akito: *Sigh*
Akito: Oh, Toya, sorry... You were asking about practice after school, right?
Toya: No, that's okay. I'd forgotten how much fun it was to talk with everyone like this.
Toya: Mind if I stop by during the next break? We can talk about practice then.
Akito: Okay, I'll be waiting.
(Black cut)
