768_Akito Shinonome_R4 Flame Passed On (event_109)

Gacha phrase: Take everything away, and this is what's left.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

[WEEKEND GARAGE]

Akito: ♪——————!!
Ken: Akito, let's take a break here... You're going to lose your voice at this rate.
Akito: Huff... Huff... Okay...
Ken: Here, have some water. Try to cool yourself down a little.
Akito: Oh, thank you... Bottoms up.
Akito: Phew... Thank you. I feel a little better now.
Ken: Okay. That's good to hear.
Ken: Sorry for only being able to offer you water. Under normal circumstances, I'd be making you some coffee while you took a break...
Akito: No, I really appreciate this...
Akito: (Ken's coffee...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (We used to drink coffee, have food and throw after-parties here...)
Ken: Akito...? You there?
Akito: Oh, um... Sorry. It's nothing.
Akito: I was just remembering what this place was like when it was still open. Like where the tables used to be and stuff like that.
Ken: I see. As the owner, I couldn't be happier hearing a valued customer say that.
Ken: Come to think of it, Akito, you're one of my oldest customers. You came when I first opened up shop, right?
Akito: Oh, yes... I had heard the rumors about KEN from RADder opening his own business.
Ken: Heh, that takes me back.
Akito: Me too... That day, I remember...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[A few years earlier]

Ken: Hey, welcome.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (Whoa, it's really KEN... And he's right in front of me...)
Ken: Sorry, all the tables are full... Is the counter okay?
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Oh, um... Yes!
Ken: Alright, let me know when you're ready to order.
Locals: Ken! Can we get another pizza and some refills?!
Locals: Us too! Give us everything you've got!
Ken: Hey, aren't you guys going a little overboard...?
Locals: Don't say that! We're all here to celebrate!
Locals: Yeah! I mean, you started your own business? How cool is that? You expect us not to celebrate?!
Ken: I appreciate it, but try to celebrate responsibly...
Ken: Sorry about them, kid. They're usually not as raucous.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): N-No, that's okay... I didn't realize you'd be so busy.
Ken: Yeah, I've been on my feet the entire day. But it's nice to see that business is off to a good start.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): I see... Oh, um...
Junior High School Akito (Akito): K-KEN...? Congratulations on your grand opening...!
Ken: Hey, I really appreciate that. As thanks, have a drink on me.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Wait, really?!
Ken: Of course. Call me over when you know what you want.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): O-Okay! Thank you very much!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ken: You were so nervous and anxious that I couldn't help but smile. You weren't the person I expected from the rumors I heard.
Akito: Wait, what...?! Please don't make fun of me like that!
Akito: Also, what rumors...?
Ken: Oh.
Ken: I remember people talking about “this Akito Shinonome kid who's been picking fights with everyone”...
Ken: I was surprised to find out that kid who came into my shop was you. You were so quiet and kept looking at the floor. I figured you must be the type to change gears easily.
Akito: C-Cut me some slack...! How was I supposed to act in front of my hero...?
Ken: Haha. Thanks for calling me that.
Ken: I'm sorry for pushing your buttons, Akito.
Ken: I can't offer much, but come back for another free drink when all this is over and I've opened this place back up.
Akito: I will...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome)

[Vivid Street]

Young Local Musician: Oh, hey, look! Isn't that...Shinonome?
Young Local Musician: Oh, the guy everyone's been talking about? I heard he put on a really amazing street performance the other day...
Young Local Musician: Yeah, it was off the hook! He was like an earthquake or something!
Akito: (Things do feel a little different around here now. Nothing like how they were after we lost to Taiga...)
Young Local Musician: They're gonna surpass RAD WEEKEND at COL, right?
Young Local Musician: They are? But I thought COL closed down.
Young Local Musician: Is the owner helping them out in some way?
Young Local Musician: I haven't felt this excited in such a long time. We might get to see something really special again...!
Akito: (Everyone's excited. They have high expectations of us now...)
Akito: (Which means I accomplished my objective...)
Kotaro's Friend: Oh! Hey, Akito!
Akito: Hm? Aren't you...?
Akito: Yeah, you hang out with Mita a lot. I haven't seen you in forever. What's up?
Kotaro's Friend: So, about that street performance you put on the other day... I was there! I was getting ready for an event, so I only got to watch a little...
Kotaro's Friend: But I couldn't believe what I saw! The way you sang made my jaw drop!
Akito: Hey, thanks.
Kotaro's Friend: Also... I wanted to thank you for helping Mita!
Akito: What?
Kotaro's Friend: Your performance gave him the push he needed to start singing again. I really couldn't be happier.
Kotaro's Friend: After you guys lost to Taiga and all those rumors started going around... Let's just say he wasn't in a good place.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (Yeah, he really didn't look good when I saw him that time...)
Kotaro's Friend: But he's such a good singer. It'd be a waste for him to not put his talent to use, right?
Kotaro's Friend: I kept inviting him to perform in some events, but he just didn't feel up to it...
Kotaro's Friend: But you, Akito... You managed to pull him back up on his feet with just one song. I still can't believe it...
Akito: (With one song...?)
Akito: No... I don't deserve all the credit.
Kotaro's Friend: Huh?
Akito: Mita isn't the kind of guy who gives up easily. We kept singing with him because we believed that about him.
Akito: There was probably nothing we could've done if he had already decided to up and leave town...
Akito: But he was still here.
Akito: He probably stayed because he felt that he had some unfinished business as a musician. But not only that, the fact that you kept inviting him to perform must have also helped.
Akito: So, we should be thanking you.
Kotaro's Friend: Akito...
Kotaro's Friend: I really hope you guys succeed! I wanna see you guys surpass RAD WEEKEND!
Akito: Oh, we will!
Akito: You better be ready. We're gonna be the ones to surpass RAD WEEKEND! No one else!
(Black cut)
