797_Akito Shinonome_R4 Committed Actor (event_114)

Gacha phrase: My mission...is to cook.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Miku (VBS): Really...? Your class is making a film?
Akito: Yeah, we are. Something about making the most of our youth or whatever...
KAITO (VBS): I do agree with that. Making a film as a class certainly sounds like fun!
Len (VBS): So, what kinda film are you making? Have you guys already decided?
An: Yup! An action film!
Luka (VBS): Oh, action! That sounds wonderful! What's the story going to be like?
An: So, it's a post-apocalyptic setting...
Kohane: P-Post-apocalyptic...?
An: Everyone's struggling to get enough food to eat, and these Dark Cooks go around hoarding everything for themselves!
An: That's where the Wandering Cook comes in. He fights against the Dark Cooks to bring delicious food to all those who really need it!
MEIKO (VBS): I see... That's quite a unique plot.
Len (VBS): But I think it's kinda cool...
KAITO (VBS): A wandering hero battling against evildoers is romantic to say the least!
Toya: So, Akito, Shiraishi, how will you be assisting?
An: We're both gonna be acting in it!
An: I'll be the girl who the Wandering Cook tries to save! And can you guess who Akito's playing...?
An: He's the lead!
Luka, Rin & Len: Wh-Whaaat?!
Kohane: H-He's the lead...?!
Akito: Why are you guys making a fuss about it...?
Rin (VBS): Of course we are! Getting to be the lead is a huge deal!
MEIKO (VBS): Actually, Akito, I think you're going to make for a wonderful hero.
KAITO (VBS): Yes, I agree! Especially since you have more guts than the average person, and a straightforward personality!
Akito: You think so...? I'm still having trouble imagining myself as him...
Akito: I mean, I didn't really have a choice when it came to who I'd be playing...
Rin (VBS): What do you mean?
Akito: So, one of our classmates who can do stunts was originally supposed to be the lead, but it turns out that acting isn't really his thing...
Akito: He and I are the same height and build, so we decided that I'll play the lead while he does all the stunts.
KAITO (VBS): I see. Now we understand.
An: But I think it's good that you get to be the hero now! I mean, you're probably pretty good at acting...!
Akito: Huh? What do you mean?
An: I mean, you know...?
Toya: Ah, because of how he acts politely around others...
An: Yeah, exactly!
Akito: C'mon, guys...
Kohane: I do agree that you seem like a different person in those situations.
Akito: Hey, that's just me minding my manners... What does that have to do with acting?
Rin (VBS): Haha♪ By the way, An, how do you feel about your acting chops?
An: Me? I dunno, but I should be fine! I was the lead for a school play this one time when I was little!
Kohane: Really...?! That's so cool, An!
Kohane: I'm so bad at acting. I always get so nervous.
Kohane: How about you, Aoyagi?
Toya: Well, I remember doing a couple shows with Tsukasa when I was little...
Toya: I recall enjoying myself, but... I'm not sure about my acting skills either.
Luka (VBS): I see. But having fun is still probably the most important thing, yes?!
KAITO (VBS): She's right! So, we hope you two have lots of fun!
An: We will!
Akito: Having fun is important, but we should also do our best to make our film good.
Len (VBS): Yeah! You gotta beat up as many Dark Cooks as you can, Akito!
Akito: Uh, okay...?
Akito: Anyway, since we're doing this, we should do our best.
An: Agreed!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

[After school]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Akito: (With Soda out, I have to start doing my own stunts...)
Akito: (I'm not nearly as good as him, but I've gotta do what I can.)
An: Akito, the cast's all here!
Akito: Okay. Then, let's start discussing the stunts for the final showdown. Mind starting us off with any thoughts you have?
Nene: Sure.
Nene: The toughest part of this scene is probably when you have to take on all three goons and deal with them one after another...
Nene: We have some ideas of how we're gonna use drones and your cape to make your stunts look flashier...
Female Students: Yeah, but isn't there anything else we can do to make this scene feel more dynamic...?
Soda: These kinds of scenes are tricky... The movements are pretty complicated, so everyone's gotta time everything right or it's gonna look really bad...
Soda: Actually, I've already told Kusanagi and the camera crew that we might have to do multiple takes before we can get it right.
An: I see... It does sound pretty hard.
Soda: If we want to make things easier, we could reduce the number of enemies or have him fight each of them one at a time instead...
Akito: No, the scene would have less impact if we did that. So, let's go with our current plan for the fight...
Akito: It's only one scene, so I can just focus on it and practice until my body knows it by heart.
Male Student A: Shinonome...
Soda: Okay, got it...! We'll practice until you get it perfect!
Male Student B: Yeah! Get ready for round two, stunt team!
Akito: Yeah, we got this.
Akito: Now, what else is there...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Two hours later]

Male Student A: Phew...
An: I'm exhausted! Still, thank goodness we have a plan now!
Nene: Right. Thanks for staying so late to discuss this, everyone. Let's start heading home.
Nene: Starting tomorrow, the camera crew and the stunt team will practice this together.
Everyone: *Nod* See you then!
Nene: Oh, right as we're supposed to head home. Shall we, everyone?
Male Student A: Shinonome, let's walk back together for part of the way!
Akito: No, you guys go on ahead... I'm gonna stay a bit longer.
Soda: You are? Then, see you tomorrow!
Akito: Later.
Akito: (I need to go over what we did just now, at least. But I can't stay for long since all the students are supposed to leave now...)
An: Akito.
Akito: Hm? Oh, you're still here...?
An: I was just wondering what you were doing staying back by yourself. You seem really motivated.
Akito: Yeah, I am a little...
Akito: We've come this far, so I don't wanna stumble here, you know?
Akito: Also...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Nene: I... I don't want this film to cause someone to feel any regret. Not after all the hard work we put into it...
(White cut)
Nene: So, let's put our heads together and make sure we all come out of this with no regrets...
Nene: Let's come up with the best possible solution we can for this situation. A solution that doesn't involve cutting corners.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (After I heard that speech...)
An: But I kinda get why you feel so motivated, Akito...
Akito: Huh?
An: Kusanagi did give a pretty good speech back there.
Akito: Yeah, she did...
Akito: Also, I don't want Soda and the others' hard work to go to waste.
An: Me neither. I wanna make it so we're all smiling at the end.
Akito: Me too. So, let's keep doing what we can until we call it a wrap.
An: Yeah!
(Black cut)
