850_Akito Shinonome_R4 Unyielding Resolve (event_118)

Gacha phrase: I'll find a way like my life depends on it.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Megurine Luka)

[Live House]

[Backstage]

Kotaro: Whew... I'm exhausted...
Kohane: We somehow managed to win the event, but we still have a lot of work to do...
Akito: Yeah, we're still basically just shouting whenever we're backed into a corner.
An: Singing our lungs out is always fun, but it would be nice to not be out of breath at the end of each performance.
Toya: Still, each event has its own unique feel... We'll just have to keep performing in them in order to figure out how to strike a balance between our power and stamina.
Akito: Oh, that reminds me. I'm gonna go see one of the other teams again before we leave.
Kotaro: Huh? Again? But we talked to them on our way in.
Toya: Is there someone you know?
Akito: Yeah. An old acquaintance from Vivid Street.
An: What?! You're kidding, right?! I didn't recognize anyone...
Akito: You probably don't know him. We're talking about the first few months after I began singing.
Akito: But...we ended up in a few events together after I decided to start performing in events. He gave me advice when I had no idea what I was doing.
Kohane: Really...? Then, that sort of makes him your mentor. Please go see him!
Akito: Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Akito: Oh, hey. Nice performance today.
Older Musician: Hey, thanks!
Older Musician: Wait, Akito?! What's up...?!
Akito: Hey, long time no see. You seem good.
Older Musician: Yeah, never better! As you can tell!
Older Musician: You seem good too. You're with Vivid BAD SQUAD now, right...?
Akito: Oh, you know about us?
Older Musician: Dude... Don't play dumb after the show you guys put on.
Older Musician: To be fair, I didn't realize it was you up there at first.
Older Musician: I'd heard that you joined a team and got a lot better, but I honestly thought you were someone else until just now...
Akito: Someone else? Quit pulling my leg.
Older Musician: No, it's proof that you've come a really long way! Take it as a compliment!
Older Musician: Still, what are you guys doing way out here? What happened to your dream of surpassing RAD WEEKEND? Don't tell me...
Akito: Don't worry. I haven't given up.
Akito: We've been performing in various different cities as practice in order to surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Older Musician: That's great to hear! I was really worried for a second there...
Older Musician: I don't know how things have been for you back in that place...
Older Musician: But you must've worked really hard in order to get this good, huh...?
Akito: Huh? Well...
Older Musician: Congratulations!
Akito: Uh, thank you.
Older Musician: What was that? Your hard work is paying off. You should be happier.
Akito: No, I should be allowed to react however I want.
Older Musician: What? Don't give me that... Actually, never mind. I hope we get to perform together at another event.
Akito: Me too. But we're still gonna win.
Older Musician: Haha. That's pretty big talk! Good luck surpassing RAD WEEKEND!
Akito: We will. Thank you again for today.
Akito: (It's been so long since I last saw him, but he hasn't changed one bit.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Backstage)
An: Welcome back. What did you guys talk about?
Akito: Hm? Uhh...
Akito: Not much in particular. We basically just said hi to each other.
Toya: That's all.? But, you...
Kotaro: You seem kinda happy for some reason.
Kotaro: Oh, I know. Something good just happened, right? You should tell us all about it!
An: Yeah, tell us! We wanna hear what happened!
Akito: Chill out, you guys... Nothing happened. Honest.
Akito: (Man... I really shouldn't be letting my guard down like this...)
Akito: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ken: Akito. Next time, sing with that feeling in mind.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Luka (VBS): Now, go unleash everything you just felt! Pow!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (I'll try to remember this feeling.)
Akito: (And one day...)
Akito: (I'll use it as fuel to propel myself to new heights.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Street SEKAI]

[Alleyway]

Akito: Yeah, it's definitely cracked...
Akito: (We still don't know why it formed so easily. I mean, there's no way a wall this big could be that brittle...)
Akito: Well... I guess there's no use in dwelling on this.
Akito: Anyway, I—
Rin (VBS): Haha! You could only juggle it eight times!
Akito: What are they doing...?
Len (VBS): B-Because it hit my toe! I juggled it a hundred times this one time easy!
Rin (VBS): Then, try doing it again! We can have a contest to see who can juggle it for longer!
Len (VBS): You're on! Don't forget that my personal best is better than yours!
Akito: Hey, how long do you two plan on playing with that ball?
Rin (VBS): Huh? As long as we're having fun!
Len (VBS): Yeah! We decided to take a little break after all that walking we did!
Akito: A break...? But it looks like you're playing soccer.
Len (VBS): We're tired of walking, not of playing soccer!
Rin (VBS): Also, Akito, since you're here, you should join our juggling contest!
Akito: Huh? Why me?
Len (VBS): Yeah, join us! How many times can you juggle one of these?
Akito: How many times? Not sure... I remember doing about 500 once, but I've never really kept track.
Rin & Len: F-Five hundred?!
Akito: Relax... You're basically just rinsing and repeating once you've learned how to control it.
Akito: Len, didn't you just say that you did a hundred one time? You also seem to be getting the hang of it, Rin.
Akito: At this rate, you'll both be able to keep it in the air for as long as you like.
Len (VBS): What?! You're saying that we can get better?!
Akito: Hm? Yeah, if you practice...
Akito: *Sigh* I guess I can stick around for a bit.
Akito: Pass me the ball.
Len (VBS): Huh? O-Okay!
Akito: Once you know how to juggle like it's second nature, you guys can try doing something a little more challenging.
Akito: For example, this drill.
Akito: You kick the ball against a wall, juggle it a couple times and kick it at the wall again.
Akito: The goal is to trap the ball, get control of it and kick it back gently using only your feet.
Rin (VBS): Th-That looks really hard...! How are you able to make it float like that...?!
Akito: Practice and experience?
Akito: If you're alone, a wall works... But since you're partners, why don't you try kicking it to each other?
Len (VBS): To each other...?
Akito: Yeah. Soccer's a team sport, so it's always better to practice with people when you can.
Len (VBS): Alright, Rin! That looked really hard, but let's give it a try!
Rin (VBS): Okay! Lemme take a few steps back first... Len, you stay there!
Rin (VBS): Alright, I'm ready!
Len (VBS): Okay, here it goes!
Rin (VBS): So, trap it and... Wait, huh?!
Len (VBS): Why'd you kick it over there, Rin!
Rin (VBS): Sorry, but this is so hard!
Akito: That was also partly your fault, Len.
Akito: You're both working as a team, so you need to make it easy on your partner to get control of the ball.
Len (VBS): Oh, right...! Sorry, Rin! Lemme try that again!
Rin (VBS): Okay! I'll get it right this time!
Akito: (Come to think of it, I was just like them when I first started playing soccer...)
Akito: (I was so happy whenever I managed to juggle the ball for a while or managed to get a clean pass off to my teammate.)
Akito: (Len and Rin know each other really well, so I'm sure they'll quickly figure out a way to get better.)
Akito: (The same thing goes for singing... Compared to when you're alone, it's so much easier to get better when you're with people who run at the same pace as you.)
Akito: (Maybe we'll get to do more drills and games like this before long.)
Rin & Len: Oh no! I'm sorry!!
Akito: Okay, maybe not that soon.
(Black cut)
