898_Akito Shinonome_R4 Tag Terror (event_126)

Gacha phrase: G-Go away...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shibuya Park]

An: Oh, there he is! Over here!
Kohane: It's rare for you to arrive last, Shinonome.
Toya: Yes, you're usually here first out of everyone to practice on your own.
Akito: I was going to today too, but a few things came up...
An: You being vague like that is just as strange.
Akito: I know.
Akito: (I was gonna do this after practice, but I guess now also works...)
Akito: Sorry, but there's something I need to ask you guys regarding tomorrow...
Kohane: Tomorrow? Is this about our meeting at COL?
Akito: I may run a little late.
Kohane: Umm... That should be fine, since all we're going to talk about tomorrow is flyers and advertising.
Toya: Right. Honestly, only Azusawa and I absolutely need to be there.
An: Yeah. I'm just there to check over the equipment, so you don't necessarily have to be there.
Akito: Hey, I'm a part of the team, so I should be there if I can...
Toya: Okay...
Toya: Then, be sure to let us know if you're going to be late. I'll relay that to the owner.
Akito: Okay, thanks.
An: Still, it is kinda weird to see you asking a favor of us like this.
Kohane: Does it have to do with why you arrived late today?
Akito: Yeah... The thing is...
Toya: You're participating in a disc dog competition?!
An: Whoa! Not so loud, Toya.
Toya: I-I'm sorry. I couldn't contain my surprise.
Kohane: Hehe. Yeah, I'm just as surprised. I can't believe you're taking that owner's place after just meeting him.
Akito: (No, that's not what Toya was talking about.)
An: But I kinda get why you feel like you need to compete in his place.
An: You said Max is this guy's partner, right?
Akito: Yeah...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Owner: Our dream is to become the number one team in the country!
Owner: Right, partner?!
Max: Woof!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: I've been seeing them work really hard towards making their dream come true.
Akito: So I felt that I had to do this.
Kohane: Hehe. That's so nice of you, Shinonome.
Akito: I just couldn't leave things be.
An: Haha! That's what it means to be a nice person.
Akito: Again, that wasn't my intent...
Toya: Still, Akito, are you sure about this...? I mean, you and dogs don't really...
Akito: Yeah, I'd be lying if I said I'm sure...
Akito: But like I said, Kamishiro and a few others have agreed to lend me a hand.
Akito: So, I plan on keeping my commitment.
Toya: I see...
Toya: In that case, Akito, you focus on the competition. We'll handle the meeting.
Akito: Thanks.
An: Oh, since you're doing this, it'd be great to cheer you on until we have to go to that meeting. Can we come watch?
Akito: Not. A. Chance.
An: Boo...
Toya: I'd like to show my support as well, but I'd rather not have us run late...
Kohane: I'm sure he'll be fine since Minori and the others are gonna be there with him. We should focus on what we have to do.
An: Fine...
Akito: Sorry for taking up so much time... Anyway, let's start practicing.
Toya: Right.
Kohane & An: Yeah! Okay!
Akito: Then, let's get started!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Nonogi Park]

Akito: Alright, does here look good?
Toya: Yes, but... It's a little surprising how we can't use our usual park.
An: They're doing maintenance on the playground equipment, right?
Kohane: Yeah, but I was worried that the park was being closed down after seeing that “under construction” sign.
An: We'd be just as put out as the neighborhood kids if that happened.
Akito: Yeah.
Akito: Anyways, let's change gears and start getting ready for today's practice...
???: Woof...!
Akito: ...!
Kohane: Oh, look! That dog's coming this way!
Akito: Urgh...
Akito: Wait, that's...
Max: Woof! Woof...!
Ishihara: Hey, Shinonome! Max, stop and sit.
Max: Pant... Pant...
Akito: Hey, Ishihara, Max. I haven't seen you guys since that competition.
Akito: How's your ankle feeling? Better?
Ishihara: Yeah, it's all better now. But I'm a little out of shape, so I'm here to rehab by doing some light running.
Akito: I see...
An: Hey, Akito, aren't you gonna introduce us?
Kohane: Is this the dog and owner you told us about?
Akito: Yeah, this is Ishihara and Max. Ishihara, these guys are...
Ishihara: Your team, right? You guys sing together?
Akito: Hm? I don't remember telling you about them...
Ishihara: Hanasato and Kamishiro told me. They talked about how you guys are working really hard to make your dream come true.
Ishihara: After the competition, I wanted to hear you guys sing, so I had a friend take me to a live house.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ishihara: ...!
Ishihara: Wh-Whoa...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: Oh, that event we did the next town over. You were there?
Ishihara: Yeah! My friend and I were totally blown away...! Even after that event ended, we couldn't stop talking about you guys!
Ishihara: I wish Max could've also been there.
Akito: Dogs have way better hearing than humans, right? Wouldn't it have been too loud for him?
Max: ...?
Kohane: Hehe. He's tilting his head. That's so cute.
An: Also, Akito, he's been looking at you and wagging his tail this entire time.
Kohane: Oh, what if he wants you to pet him...?
Toya: P-Pet him...? I feel like he was just tilting his head inquisitively...
Akito: Alright, fine...
Akito: (You'll stay still for me, right...?)
Max: Pant... Pant...
Akito: ...
Akito: Man, you really are one smart dog...
Max: Woof...!
An: Oh, can we pet him too?
Ishihara: Yes, of course.
Kohane: Thank you very much! Hehe. Hello, Max.
Max: Pant...! Pant...!
Akito: Hey, are you really that surprised...?
Toya: No, it's just... Seeing you pet a real dog like this, Akito... I feel like a hot spring is going to burst out of this park tomorrow...
Akito: A hot spring?
Ishihara: Haha.
Akito: Anyway, what are your guys' plans moving forward? Still planning on becoming the best team in the country?
Ishihara: Of course! Hearing you guys sing made me feel even more motivated! We actually just registered for our next competition yesterday!
Ishihara: And good luck with your dream, you guys! We'll be rooting for you!
Akito: Thanks. And you need to help get Max a win!
Ishihara: Yeah, we plan on winning next time!
(Black cut)
