919_Akito Shinonome_R2 I Won't Miss It Next Time (event_129)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School - Rooftop]

Akito: Hey, Toya. It's rare of you to ask if we can have lunch up here.
Toya: Ah, I apologize for springing that on you so suddenly, but I was looking for a place where we could talk privately.
Akito: Talk privately...?
Akito: About An?
Toya: How did you know? I hadn't said anything yet.
Akito: It makes sense given the timing. You just learned about what was going on with her yesterday.
Toya: Right. She told me about what she's been feeling, but I was hoping to hear your take on this situation.
Toya: At the same time...
Toya: I'm kicking myself for not noticing what she was going through. I mean, we've been spending so much time together.
Akito: Don't beat yourself up. I only found out because I noticed she was acting a little funny.
Akito: Not to mention, even when she's at the point of breaking, she always bounces back once one of us says something to her.
Akito: So, there was no way for us to know about this. There's no reason for you to be blaming yourself.
Toya: I see...
Toya: But in that sense, you've sort of been helping keep her and the rest of this team afloat, Akito.
Akito: ...? What do you mean?
Toya: It seems like you've been the one facilitating Shiraishi's bounce-backs, Akito. You're always asking how she's doing during events and our usual practices.
Toya: Which is why I believe that you've been a massive pillar of support for her and the rest of our team.
Akito: I mean, we're friends, so I feel like it's normal for me to ask how she's doing if I see something's up.
Akito: But you're giving me more credit than I deserve. She always finds a way to pick herself back up.
Akito: If she says, “I'm okay. I can do this,” then I'm going to believe her.
Toya: Yes, and I'd expect nothing less from you.
Toya: However, I felt something when I talked to all of you for my song...
Toya: The idea of a “partner” has a special place in Shiraishi's heart.
Akito: Yeah.
Akito: She needs a partner in order to chase after her dream and make it come true.
Akito: Like Ken and his team. Partners you can always count on.
Toya: Right...
Toya: Does that mean you also spent a period of time searching for a good partner like Shiraishi did?
Akito: Yeah, kinda.
Akito: But I wouldn't really call it a massive search. All I did was try talking to whoever I thought would be good.
Akito: That's how I ended up going around to all sorts of different events and stuff.
Akito: Fortunately, I didn't have to spend much time looking. I ended up meeting you relatively fast.
Toya: I see. I'm glad to hear that.
Toya: And yet...
Toya: Without knowing any of that, I tried to distance myself from you...
Toya: I honestly had no idea that you valued me so much...
Toya: For that, you have my deepest apologies...
Akito: Toya...
Akito: That's all ancient history.
Akito: I don't care about that anymore. Also, it works both ways, right?
Akito: Remember that time when...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: Fine then, leave!
Akito: And never show your face around here again!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: I totally lost my cool and lashed out at you.
Akito: That's sort of why I took what you said at face value.
Akito: Even though I knew that you weren't the type of person to walk all over someone's dream.
Toya: Akito...
Akito: I mentioned this a while back, but it took everything I had to keep up with you.
Akito: Which is why I didn't have the mental space to notice if there was anything going on with you.
Akito: As your partner, I feel bad about not making that connection.
Akito: But we're standing here right now because we managed to get through all that.
Akito: And I eventually learned about what was really bothering you.
Toya: Right... Thank you, Akito.
Akito: (I'm not making the same mistake again...)
Akito: (I'm never losing sight of what my partner or teammates are feeling again.)
Akito: If An's ever in a tight spot and runs out of options, then we're going to be there to help her.
Akito: We have to believe in our teammates and keep doing what we can.
Toya: Yes...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Live House]

[Backstage]

Akito: *Sigh* Today's battle ended up being pretty close.
An: Yeah... Argh! My throat's totally at its limit!
An: And my drink's empty...! I'm gonna go buy another one. Who wants to come with..?
Tatsuya: I'll pass...
Kotaro: Urgh... C-Can't move...
An: Haha. Looks like we've all had it... In that case, Kohane, let's go grab some drinks for everyone.
Kohane: Okay!
Akito: Still, Okazaki, I couldn't believe how well you guys did. It's like you didn't miss any time at all...
Akito: Did you guys keep practicing after that battle?
Tatsuya: Yeah, but we only did warm-ups and stuff.
Tatsuya: This might sound pathetic, but we weren't able to go cold turkey.
Toya: Which means that fire inside you never went out.
Tatsuya: No, it didn't... But we couldn't work up the nerve to face all of you. We were too afraid of holding you back since we turned tail and ran.
Kotaro: Yeah, I get what you mean... Man, I wish I knew you guys felt the same way.
Akito: *Sigh* Seriously, you guys...
Akito: You were all welcome to come back whenever you liked. There's no need to feel so guilty.
Akito: If you guys had just told us that you were serious about coming back, we would've believed that you were ready to recommit.
Akito: We know how passionate you guys are about what you do, and that you're as tough as nails.
Akito: I mean, we wouldn't have asked you guys to join us in the first place if you weren't.
Tatsuya: Shinonome...
Tatsuya: Thanks for saying that... We should've told you this sooner...
Tatsuya: We're sorry for running away and disappearing after losing to Taiga...
Akito: No...
Akito: It's our fault for not being able to keep you all from running.
Akito: That time, we couldn't confidently say, “We're going to surpass Taiga and RAD WEEKEND!” We knew we couldn't at the level we were at... So we just stood there silently.
Akito: So, we're just as responsible.
Tatsuya: Shinonome...
Akito: But me, Toya, An, Kohane... We've all improved a lot since we started training with Ken.
Akito: So we're never letting anything like that happen again.
Akito: We're not letting anyone think for a second that we're not going to surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Kotaro: Akito...
Tatsuya: You really are such a straightforward and dependable guy.
Tatsuya: Oh, also... Please let me buy you all dinner tonight!
Toya: What? Are you sure...? There's quite a lot of us...
Tatsuya: Not a problem. Also, what's a student saying no to a free meal for?
Tatsuya: Obviously, this doesn't make up for anything. It's really just a way to make me feel better about what we did.
Tatsuya: I'm sorry, and I hope you'll accept.
Kotaro: Alright, if you insist, then why not?
Kotaro: He says he's paying! What do you guys wanna get?! Oh, how about a buffet?!
Toya: You sound so eager, Mita...
Kotaro: Come to think of it, there's a place with a dessert buffet near—
Tatsuya: Oh, no sweets.
Kotaro: Why not?! What happened to your offer?!
Tatsuya: I don't like sweets. How about you, Aoyagi? I'm guessing you could go for a steak or barbeque right now.
Toya: Yes, I'd much rather prefer that.
Tatsuya: See?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (This still isn't everything...)
Akito: (But we've at least managed to recover some of what we lost.)
Akito: (Which does make me happy.)
Akito: (And I guess...)
Akito: I guess I like it when we're all hanging out like this.
Toya: Hm? Did you say something just now, Akito?
Akito: No, nothing.
Akito: (Despite what I just said a second ago, I know it takes a lot of guts to stand back up after being knocked down like that...)
Akito: (Mita, Okazaki and the others are serious. Which is why...)
Akito: (I know we'll be able to put on even better events now we have them back!)
Akito: (Just watch. Things aren't like they were before. Not like when we hit rock bottom.)
(Black cut)
