952_Akito Shinonome_R4 Huddle Of Resolve (event_135)

Gacha phrase: Alright... That's everybody in.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Vivid Street]

Toya: Let's hurry, Akito. We have to be there to meet the others in five minutes.
Akito: Yeah, I definitely miscalculated... That place isn't always so busy.
Toya: It was still very good. Thank you for introducing it to me.
Akito: Sure thing. On top of all their different pancakes, their menu's got a big selection of other food you can get.
Akito: The rice omelet you got looked pretty good, so I might have to order one next time.
Toya: It was. And I'm sure you'll also enjoy it.
Locals: Hey, look...!
Locals: Yeah, wait...! Aren't they...?
Akito: (Again...?)
Akito: This has been happening a lot lately. Everyone keeps staring at us.
Toya: Yes, I've been getting that feeling as well.
Toya: But there's nothing we can do.
Toya: Your performance and Shiraishi's battle against Azusawa have made us the center of attention.
Akito: Right... But I still don't feel all that comfortable...
Akito: Still, I like the tension I'm feeling in the air.
Toya: Me too. I feel even more motivated to exceed their expectations.
Akito: (Also, this feeling...)
Akito: (It's similar to back when...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (This place...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (It's wall-to-wall with locals and regulars. She doesn't have home-field advantage here...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: Akito? You went quiet all of a sudden. Is something wrong?
Akito: No... Nothing's wrong.
Akito: I was just thinking that this is how things felt when I saw RAD WEEKEND.
Akito: This buzz I'm sensing now... It's sort of warping the air, you know?
Toya: Yes, I've also felt this before.
Toya: Though not at RAD WEEKEND, of course.
Akito: Then, where'd you feel it?
Toya: When I went to see a concert by this one world-class orchestra. The hall buzzed with a similar sort of excitement.
Toya: As the starting time slowly approached, everything became quieter and quieter. I could almost hear the breathing of each musician change as the anticipation grew.
Akito: I see...
Akito: What we're feeling in the air right now may be because of that kind of anticipation. Everyone around here is looking forward to what's coming.
Akito: (Then...)
Akito: (That means we gotta give them what they want.)
Akito: (The fire I ignited in everyone is still burning strong.)
Akito: (And now, we need to fan those flames into an inferno.)
Akito: Toya. Let's hurry back over to Ken's place.
Toya: Okay.
Akito: I feel like it doesn't matter who we're battling against today. I think we can beat anyone right now.
Akito: We're gonna win no matter what!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[After RAD BLAST]

[Weekend Garage]

Akito: You guys all have your drinks?
An: Yup!
Kotaro: We're all set over here too!
Akito: Then, here's to RAD BLAST succeeding. Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!!
Ken: I'll keep bringing out the food and drinks, so have as much as you like.
Akito: Thank you for letting us use your place and cooking all this food for us, Ken.
Ken: You're welcome, but I thought you guys gathering here to celebrate successful events was a given at this point.
Ken: However, I've also noticed how your after-parties quickly turn into debriefs... You won't be doing that today, right?
Akito: No, definitely not today.
An: Haha. We gotta have a big celebration today.
An: Also, I'm really happy about our group coming back together with a certain someone deciding to return!
Arata: *Nod* I'm just glad that you were willing to welcome me back.
Kotaro: Plus, we've got a special guest here today!
Soma: Haha. I really need to thank you guys again for inviting me.
Akito: We should be the ones thanking you. I mean, we really wanted you to be here.
Kotaro: Still, I can't believe how awesome today's event was!!
Kohane: Just thinking about that atmosphere... It really did feel like a dream.
An: Hehe. Then, want me to pinch your cheek?
Toya: I already tried, and it hurt... This is the real world, everyone.
Akito: Finding out that this is all a dream would be the worst... On the other hand, we'd just have to go and blow everyone away again.
Ken: Hey, the pizza's ready. Come and get it while it's hot!
Akito: Thank you. I'll have a slice.
Kotaro: Oh, I want a slice too!
Akito: Hey, don't push...
Akito: Hm...?
Akito: (...? He's by himself...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Arata: *Nod* I'm just glad that you were willing to welcome me back.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: Um, Ken? Can I ask you for a quick favor...?
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Akito: Hey, Tono. What are you doing here all by yourself?
Arata: Oh, Akito...
Arata: I was just soaking in what was going on...
Akito: Oh, okay. I was worried that you felt bad about coming back at the last minute.
Akito: I mean, Mita, Okazaki and EVER felt really bad about disappearing for a while.
Akito: Which is why I thought you were feeling the same way... But I guess my worries were misplaced.
Arata: Akito...
Akito: After all, you're not really one to be that sensitive to what people are thinking.
Arata: Wait, give me a little credit... I'm a lot more empathetic than you think.
Akito: What? Says who? The first time we met, you insulted us left and right.
Arata: Haha. Yes, I remember. That all feels like so long ago now.
Arata: To think that we'd end up working together and achieving this...
Akito: I wouldn't have believed it back then.
Akito: Your partner's song and the way you sang today. They were both amazing.
Arata: Thank you...
Kotaro's Voice: Hey, Tono, get over here! Ken just made you a special parfait!
Arata: Hm? A parfait...?
Akito: Hear that? Go check it out.
Arata: Now I see... I really can't thank you enough.
Arata: Okay, be right here!
Akito: *Sigh* That guy...
An: Hey, that was pretty nice of you.
Akito: Huh? How long have you guys been there?
An: Not long. We just happened to overhear you asking my dad to make a chocolate parfait for Arata.
Toya: Yes, it was very like you to ask for that.
Akito: Hey, this is supposed to be a party. It didn't seem right to just leave him alone after seeing that complicated look on his face.
Toya: By the way, Akito, Ken apparently made everyone some pancakes.
Kohane: So, let's go back to where the others are.
Akito: Is that your hook...?
Akito: But I guess we should have them since he went to the trouble.
(Black cut)
