994_Akito Shinonome_R4 Post-Competition Feast (event_142)

Gacha phrase: This is nice and juicy.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

An: Morning!
An: Morning, Akito!
Akito: Why'd you come over...?
An: Hehe. You guys have begun training for Shinobi Battle, right? I was wondering how you were doing.
Akito: Oh, that.
Akito: Your best friend's nuts.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: You have everything scheduled down to the minute. Not only that, it says to do “at least” a hundred reps for each of these drills and exercises!
(White cut)
Haruka: I tried to come up with drills and exercises that you both could do whenever you had a minute, since I know that you're both very busy with rehearsals and singing practice.
Haruka: Oh, I almost forgot to give you these weights. Please put them on whenever you exercise, to maximize your gains.
Akito: Weights?!
Haruka: I also came up with diets for each of you to follow until the day of the event. I wrote down the recipes for everything that you'll be having, along with why I chose them.
Tsukasa: You went that far?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: She's even having us wear vests and stuff that weigh like ten kilograms apiece.
An: She got her hands on them?! She just told me about them the other day!
Akito: The other day...?
Akito: Wait, you already knew that she was putting together some really crazy training schedules?
An: Knew? She came to ask for my advice!
An: Even though your goal as a team is to give it everything you have and win, she wasn't sure how hard she'd be allowed to push you and Tenma.
Akito: Seriously, when did this discussion happen?
An: Haruka's really kind, and she likes to look out for others.
An: She's really only just met you guys, so she was worried that she'd take things too far.
An: But I said it'd be worse for her to hold back, since you guys all agreed to form a team together. I figured she should just push it to the limit.
Akito: Push it to the limit, huh...
An: Anyway, she was worried about asking too much of you guys, so I told her...!
An: “I wouldn't underestimate them, Haruka. You really don't need to hold back for those two!”
An: I gave her plenty of encouragement♪
Akito: (What...?! Just because she isn't the one who has to do all this...!)
Nene: Morning...
An: Oh, Kusanagi! Morning!
Akito: Hey.
Akito: Oh, do you guys already know? Tsukasa's going to be in Shinobi Battle with me and this other girl.
Nene: Yeah, he told us. He even mentioned something about having to follow a really tough training schedule.
Nene: Oh, but he didn't really give any details as to what he'd be doing.
An: You're not gonna believe it.
An: Right, Akito? Why don't you show her yours?
Akito: Take a look.
Nene: Thanks. Let's see...
Nene: Wait, what? You're doing something every minute...
Nene: Run five kilometers in the morning. Do three sets of a hundred squats and planks?! And you have to run again at school?!
An: See? Pretty amazing, right?
An: And it's not just exercises. It's even got meals and sleep time included, too!
Akito: Why do you sound so proud? Kiritani's the one who came up with this.
Nene: Umm... A-Are you sure you can handle all this, Shinonome?
Akito: Probably.
Nene: W-Wow... I'd probably be on the floor after just these morning exercises.
An: That's okay, Kusanagi. I doubt I'd last more than half a day either!
Akito: Hey. Pipe down or else.
An: Haha. Okay, I'm sorry!
An: But I know Haruka's taking this really seriously, and you always do your best to stay super fit too, Akito.
An: You both have the drive to do your best, so I have a feeling that you'll be able to come to a good understanding!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haruka: I designed them with winning in mind, so I hope you'll give them a try.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (The drive to do our best, huh...)
Akito: (Come to think of it, Kiritani has to work and practice as an idol. And she goes to Miya Girls, which is a lot more demanding academically.)
Akito: (But she still took the time to come up with personalized training schedules for us.)
Akito: (She even asked An for advice...)
Akito: Yeah, I know that Kiritani's serious about this.
Akito: Which means I need to work just as hard, and give her the respect she deserves.
An: That's what I like to hear! I know you can do it, Akito!
Nene: G-Good luck!
Akito: Yeah.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Shinonome Household - Living Room]

Akito & Ena: Let's eat.
Father: Let's eat.
Mother: What do you think? I tried seasoning and breading them a little differently this time...
Akito: Mmm... Juicy and delicious.
Ena: Yeah, this is good... But I asked for fish today, since you've been pandering to Akito lately by making all those meat dishes for him.
Mother: Hehe. They were having a sale, so I couldn't help myself.
Akito: Another meat dish tomorrow would be nice.
Mother: That's where you and your father are so alike. When we were younger, he did quite a lot of manual labor, so he always asked me to make him these hearty meals.
Akito: Really...?
Mother: Come to think of it, his agility and dexterity were also very good. We went camping for one of our dates, and he caught a fish with his bare hands.
Akito: What? Like a bear...?
Father: I managed to corner it, which made it easier to catch.
Ena: And he did that during a date? Was that actually any fun for you, Mom?
Mother: Oh, neither of you would be sitting here right now if I didn't enjoy being around him.
Ena: Hmm...
Akito: Think you can still move like that?
Father: Depends... But that obstacle course you said you did is likely beyond me.
Akito: I mean, that thing was designed to be stupid hard...
Akito: (Actually, I heard that they made it a lot easier after the event so that kids could play on it.)
Akito: (A couple people have been bugging me to take them, so I guess we can all go check it out.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend]

[Nonogi Park Obstacle Course]

Akito: Alright, this is it.
Rin (VBS): <Wow, cool! It's really that obstacle course!>
Toya: It's also my first time here. This area's quite spacious, isn't it?
An: Hey, look over there!
Children: Hurry, Daddy! Jump!
Father: I will in a second. I'm not as athletic as all of you.
Kohane: They look like elementary schoolers. How are they able to maintain their balance on those thin planks above the water...?!
Len (VBS): <That looks like fun! Let's go over there first, Akito!>
Akito: Okay...
Akito: (I know that Toya doesn't like heights and Kohane isn't all that athletic, but that bridge shouldn't be much of a problem for them.)
Akito: Then, let's go with Len's suggestion. We'll try crossing the wobbly bridge.
An, Kohane & Toya: Okay! Yeah! Sure.
(Black cut)
Akito: Alright...! Hup!
Rin & Len: <Whee!> <Woohoo!>
Rin (VBS): <That was amazing, Akito!>
Len (VBS): <It felt like we flew across the water just now!>
Akito: I'm glad you both enjoyed it.
Akito: How do you feel, Toya?
MEIKO (VBS): <It's okay to put away your phone if you need to free up your hand, Toya.>
Miku (VBS): <You're worrying too much, MEIKO.>
Miku (VBS): <Just follow the advice Akito gave you a second ago, Toya. It should be easy to maintain your balance as long as you jump from the center of the plank.>
Toya: Right... Then, let's go...!
Kohane: You can do it, Aoyagi!
Toya: Hup!
MEIKO (VBS): <Whoa!>
Toya: ...! I did it! I made it!
Len (VBS): <Cool!>
Akito: Nice...! You just gotta jump once more to get to this side.
Toya: Okay!
An: Alright, I'm next! Ready, Luka, KAITO?!
Luka & KAITO: <Ready!>
An: Takeoff!
Luka & KAITO: <Yay!> <Whee!>
Kohane: Wow! Th-That was so cool. You were as light as a feather...
An: Join me, Kohane! Don't worry! I'll make sure to catch you!
Kohane: Okay...! H-Here goes...!
An: Wait, lemme put my phone away first...
Kohane: ——Nothing!
Toya: Oh...
Rin (VBS): <She jumped!>
Akito: Wait, she jumped way before the end! She might just barely make it to the other plank...
Kohane: O-Oh nooo!
An: Kohane!
(Background change)
Luka & KAITO: <Whoa!!>
(Background change)
An: Phew... Thank goodness...
Miku (VBS): <An, your phone!>
An: Huh?
An: H-Huh?! Where'd my phone go?!
KAITO's Voice (KAITO-VBS): <Look up!!!>
(Background change)
Luka (VBS): <We're falling!!!>
KAITO (VBS): <Help us!!!>
(Background change)
An: Oh no! I threw it up into the air by accident!
Len (VBS): <No fair! I wanna do that too!>
Akito: No way! Toya, hold my phone!
Toya: O-Okay...!
Miku (VBS): <Don't tell me...!>
Toya: He plans on catching it!
An: What?!
Akito: (A little more to the left! But I'm running out of space to stand...!)
Akito: Here!
Akito: Got it! Luka, KAITO, are you still with us?
Luka (VBS): <Nice catch, Akito...!>
KAITO (VBS): <We're okay! We're still here!>
(Black cut)
Kohane: I'm so sorry, Luka, KAITO! I didn't mean to...!
An: No, it was my fault for throwing my phone into the air...
Luka (VBS): <It's okay! As startling as that was, it ended up being quite thrilling♪>
KAITO (VBS): <To be fair, even if we did fall we would just return to SEKAI. There was no actual risk of us getting hurt.>
Akito: You sure shouted “Help us!!!” loud enough, for people who weren't in any danger.
Akito: If anyone else were here, they'd also have heard you guys.
KAITO (VBS): <Haha. I couldn't help it.>
MEIKO (VBS): <Still, Akito, that was a magnificent save! Your training has really done wonders for you.>
Toya: I can't believe how quickly you were able to cross that plank and catch her phone.
An: Thank you so much, Akito! I promise to pay you back sometime!
Akito: It's no big deal. But some juice might be nice.
(Black cut)
