1016_Akito Shinonome_R4 Burnout (event_146)

Gacha phrase: Did my flame go out...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

Akito: Alright... Then, we know what we're gonna do for practice tomorrow.
An: Yup! I can't wait to try those new exercises!
An: Still, it feels like it's been forever since we last came up with a plan for practice like this. But I guess that's because my dad took care of all that for a while, huh?
Toya: True, but he did help expand our options in terms of practice quite a bit.
Toya: Now, the onus is on us to come up with the best ways for us to reach our goal.
An: Right! Anyway, now that we know what we're gonna do during practice tomorrow, why don't we take a break?
Kohane: Yeah, I was actually just thinking about ordering a refill.
Akito: Then, I might order some food...
???: Oh... Are you guys done with your discussion?
Akito: Yeah, we just finished and were thinking about ordering some stuff.
Kotaro: Really?! Your timing couldn't have been better. I actually have a small favor to ask you, Akito...
Akito: A favor?
Kotaro: Yeah, so...
Kotaro: I wanna have you taste-test a new menu item! They're pancakes made using strawberries... You game?
Akito: You want me to taste-test pancakes...?
Akito: (Come to think of it, I haven't had pancakes here at Weekend Garage since before the place closed...)
Akito: In that case, I don't mind lending you a hand.
Kotaro: Thanks, I really appreciate it!
Kotaro: I thought you'd be the person to ask since you used to have pancakes here all the time.
Kotaro: Also, I feel like asking a pancake connoisseur such as yourself was my best option!
Young Vivid Street Locals: Hey, did you hear that? Shinonome likes having pancakes...!
Young Vivid Street Locals: Yeah, I didn't know that...!
Kotaro: Oh, that might've been too loud... A lot of new customers have been coming around this time...
Akito: I don't mind.
Toya: Sorry, Akito.
Akito: Huh?
Toya: You wouldn't stand out so much if I were able to help you eat them. And I would be able to lend Mita a hand...
Akito: Wait, why are you feeling so bad about this?
An: In that case, let us taste-test with him!
Kotaro: Huh?
An: That should help take some attention off Akito like Toya said, right? Are you with us, Kohane?!
Kohane: Oh... Yeah, I agree!
Akito: You guys...
Akito: You're just after some pancakes, aren't you?
An: Hey, we're throwing you a lifesaver here.
Kotaro: I don't mind making more since we've got plenty of ingredients. And I do wanna hear from more people!
Kotaro: Just gimme a second to go whip them up!
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Kotaro: Check it out! These are the new Strawberries Galore Pancakes!
Kohane: Wow, so many strawberries! This looks delicious...!
Toya: These pancakes... They have a pink hue to them...
Kotaro: Oh, thanks for noticing! The batter has strawberries in it! Hence, “strawberries galore”!
Akito: Wow... It sounds like you put a lot of effort into these.
Kotaro: I did! I don't wanna serve any half-baked dishes here.
An: The toppings are so elaborate too! Okay, let's start digging in!
An: Mmm! This strawberry sauce is so good! The fruity tartness goes amazingly well with the sweetness of the pancakes!
Kohane: Yeah, this whipped cream also complements it really well!
Kotaro: I appreciate both your compliments! After all, I did use fresh strawberries for these.
Akito: Then, lemme try a bit.
Kotaro: What do you think...?!
Akito: Well, they aren't bad.
Akito: But they're a far cry from Ken's pancakes.
Kotaro: Grr! I had a feeling...!
Kohane: But I think these are really yummy...
Kotaro: Still, Akito's a regular here, so I'm inclined to believe what he's saying.
Kotaro: As bittersweet as this is, I'll just have to make something next time that you'll have no choice but to praise! So get ready!
Akito: Alright, good luck with that. But I'll be happy to taste-test again if you need me.
An: Hold on a second! That just means you want more pancakes, doesn't it?!
Akito: Not true. Don't put me in the same category as you guys.
Akito: (A lot has changed since RAD BLAST happened...)
Akito: (So it is nice to be able to have pancakes here again.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Early morning]

[Shibuya Park]

Akito: (We aren't supposed to meet for a good while.)
Akito: (I guess I haven't been able to stay still since hearing about going over to the US yesterday.)
Akito: America, huh...?
Akito: (I was honestly pretty surprised when we got that invitation. It was so sudden.)
Akito: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: I'm going.
An: Huh...?
Akito: This is the USA we're talking about. I'm going.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (I couldn't think of any other way to respond to Taiga's message...)
Akito: (I mean, that's probably because...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: (I couldn't say no after hearing that guy sing.)
Akito: (Beyond our dream of surpassing RAD WEEKEND... What does that world look like...?)
Akito: (I want to see for myself.)
Akito: (The way he sang filled me with that desire.)
Akito: (I have no idea if I'll find that special something KAITO was talking about in the US...)
Akito: (But I do know that I want to see the world. So...)
Akito: (All that's left for me to do is trust my gut and keep going where I think I should.)
Akito: Alright. We're not meeting for a while yet... But I guess I can start warming up.
Akito: Maybe some light stretches—
???: Good morning, Akito.
Akito: Toya... You're here early.
Toya: Yes, but later than you.
Toya: It's partly because I can't contain my excitement after receiving Taiga's invitation...
Toya: But more than that, hearing the way you sang yesterday filled me with a desire to sing.
Akito: Really?
Akito: Then, wanna start a little early?
Toya: Yes, let's do that.
???: What? You guys are already here?!
Toya: Shiraishi, Azusawa...
An: Hmm... I was so sure that we'd get here first today.
Kohane: Hehe. Looks like we were wrong.
Akito: You two are also here really early today...
An: Yeah, I got up way earlier than usual for some reason. Hearing that incredible singing yesterday may've played a role.
An: And it's not like there was anything to do at home, so I decided to come here.
Kohane: Me too. I also left early because I wanted to sing as soon as possible. An and I ran into each other along the way.
An: Neither of us expected to see each other at this time!
An: Then, we started talking about being the first ones here. But to our surprise, you guys had already arrived.
Toya: I see...
Toya: It sounds to me that we're all feeling the same way.
Akito: Yeah...
Akito: Since we're all here, why don't we start practice early today?
Akito: If we're serious about standing on top of the world, then we don't have a minute or second to waste...
An, Kohane & Toya: Yeah! Okay.
Akito: (And to make sure we get to stand on top of the world together...)
Akito: (I need to put in even more effort.)
(Black cut)
