1033_Akito Shinonome_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: Can't just hog it all to myself.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Akito's birthday - After school]

[Kamiyama High School - Outside Empty Classroom]

Nene: Um, this classroom is where the party is.
An: Right! Welcome to the venue, party of one!
Akito: Hang on a minute.
An: What's wrong? Tenma and the rest are already inside. Let's not keep them waiting.
Akito: Not so fast. After getting this “birthday itinerary” handed to me, I've been nothing but suspicious.
An: Really? Okay, let's see what's in here.
An: Present time, special birthday show... It feels pretty standard for them, doesn't it?
Nene: Um... I'm sure it'll be fine. It's just an ordinary show this time.
Akito: Really? I'm trusting you here.
(Background change)

[Empty Classroom]

Toya: Welcome, Akito. Shiraishi, Kusanagi. Thank you for bringing him.
Rui: Hello. It seems everyone's assembled.
Tsukasa: Akito!!!! Prepare for your birth to be celebrated at full force!!!!
Kohane: Happy birthday, Shinonome! I'm glad we're all here to celebrate your special day.
Emu: We hope you have tons and tons of fun☆
Akito: Wait... Hold on a sec. Toya and the Wombos are one thing, but what are you two doing in our school?
Emu: Hehehe♪ It was a great big wonderhoy surprise plan!
Kohane: I just followed Emu as she led both of us here. I was worried someone would see us the whole time...
Kohane: But it was all worth it to surprise you, Shinonome.
Akito: Well, I am surprised... But hey, Mr. Hall Monitor. Is it okay to let non-students hang around in here?
Tsukasa: It's true, they don't attend our school... But I think one day of special permission is warranted.
Tsukasa: As a hall monitor, I see no disruption to school order in celebrating a dear friend's precious birthday!
Akito: Come on, man, do your job.
An: Hahaha! Don't sweat the small stuff. Everyone's here to surprise you and turn that frown upside down, after all!
Toya: Yes. Once we heard that Tsukasa and the others planned to celebrate your birthday too, we decided to work out a plan to bring everyone in.
Akito: So you're all in cahoots.
Akito: I swear... Surprises are good and all, but you went too far this time. How were you planning to talk your way out of it if you got caught?
Emu: In that case, we'd just call more people and have an even bigger wonderhoy party☆
Tsukasa: Right! Now, with the surprise successfully executed...
Tsukasa: Now, it's present time!!!
Akito: Present time... Right, that was on the itinerary.
Tsukasa: Come, Akito! Accept this heartfelt gift from me!
Akito: This is...
Tsukasa: A super-size package of those popular hard gummy candies. I can guarantee their springy, chewy texture is to die for!
Akito: Huh, that's a pretty thoughtful present coming from you, Tsukasa.
Rui: And from me, a large bag of soda candies.
Akito: Oh, are these the ones you're always snacking on?
Rui: Exactly. They're made from 90% dextrose, the sugar your brain uses for fuel. Do enjoy them after practice or while studying.
Emu: Okay, my turn, my turn! My turn now!
Emu: Ta-da☆ Phoenix Wonderland's super popular souvenir, Choco Crunchy Phenny!
Nene: Um... I got you a package of strawberry daifuku-flavored candy. It's only sold at amusement facilities, so I figured it'd be hard to find.
Toya: I got you a set of cookies and drip coffee. The coffee is specially blended to complement the cookies, so I hope you'll enjoy them together.
Kohane: I got you an assortment of baked chocolates. They won't melt on your hands, so you can eat them while you're working.
An: And I got you some rum raisin buttercream sandwich cookies! The rum raisin flavor goes so great with the buttercream.
Akito: Wow... Thanks, you guys. But is it just me, or are these mostly sweets?
Rui: We heard from Aoyagi that you've been studying really hard lately. So we decided to each get you snacks you could enjoy while working.
Akito: Oh... Right.
Tsukasa: We've heard you're all reaching for a new goal, after all! So, let's all keep working hard for our respective dreams.
Emu: I bet having lots of yummy things to enjoy will help you have fun studying, too!
Nene: We can't do much to support you directly, but we hope that we can provide at least a little help.
An: You heard them, Akito! Everyone's got our backs, so let's not let them down!
Akito: Yeah, for sure.
Akito: Seems I'll be set for snacks for a good while. Thanks, guys. I'll enjoy them.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Miku (VBS): Do you all have your drinks?
KAITO (VBS): Then, to Akito's happy birthday—
Luka (VBS): A toast♪
Everyone: Cheers!
KAITO (VBS): Happy birthday, Akito! We all got together and made this five-stack of pancakes for you!
Rin (VBS): Look at that! Each one is so soft and fluffy that the whole stack wobbles every time KAITO takes a step!
Akito: That's some impressive volume... Not just the pancakes themselves, but all the whipped cream and fruit on top, too.
An: So you say, but I bet you're gonna demolish that whole stack on your own, easy.
Akito: As if. What do you think I am, huh?
KAITO (VBS): Right, here you are. The special stack for the birthday boy! Eat up!
KAITO (VBS): Here are yours, Toya. Extra fruit on top, easy on the whipped cream and with less sugar in the batter.
Toya: Thank you very much. The fruits are arranged so beautifully, too.
Kohane: And they're all even cut into decorative shapes, aren't they? Did you all work on these together?
Miku (VBS): KAITO cut the fruit, but Luka showed me how to do the arranging. It was tricky, so I'm glad you like it.
Luka (VBS): Isn't it so aesthetic? Look, I'm especially proud of this bit here♪
Len (VBS): The two of us worked really hard, too! Aren't all these decorations in the cafe nice and sparkly?
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. Everyone worked so hard to make Akito happy.
Akito: I see. Uh, well... You know. Thanks, guys.
KAITO (VBS): You're welcome. Now, let's all dig in!
Akito: Let's. Here goes.
(Black cut)
Akito: Actually... Where did An get off to? MEIKO's been gone for a bit now too...
An: Hey, Akito, can we have a sec? We've got something you'll want to see.
Akito: Huh? What's with the showboating?
An: Hmm? We'll see if you're singing the same tune once you see this.
An: Ta-da! Does this cake look familiar?
Akito: Is this...a cheesecake?
Kohane: Wow, it looks delicious! Did you make this, An?
An: I did! Well, MEIKO helped me...
An: I made the sour cream from scratch, and getting the cream cheese to fold in without lumps was hard. I worked for this, you know?
Akito: Sour cream from scratch... Hey, wait a minute.
Akito: Is this... Ken's cheesecake?
An: Ding ding ding! It's my Dad's recipe.
Toya: I'm impressed, Akito. How did you know?
Akito: It's just that I remember Ken saying his place's cheesecake uses handmade sour cream.
Akito: I didn't think it could be, but...
An: You've always loved Dad's cheesecake, right? That's why I asked him for the recipe and gave it a shot!
MEIKO (VBS): We know that flavor means a lot to you, so An and I worked very hard to recreate it.
An: But, you know... It'd be a bit boring to just let you have it.
Akito: Huh?
An: Let's sing for it. You versus me. If you win, you can have the whole thing all to yourself.　
Akito: Hey, wasn't the whole point of bugging Ken and MEIKO to help you with this for me to eat it?
An: Huh, I don't recall ever saying that. Well, we don't have to, if you're scared you're going to lose.
Akito: Yeah, very original.
Akito: *Sigh* Alright, I'll bite. Explain your rules.
An: The rules are simple. We both sing, and whoever gets the room more hyped is the winner. Sound fair?
Akito: Alright, fine.
Akito: Hey, you guys. You heard her, you're judging.
Len (VBS): Wait, you're singing? Let us sing, too!
Rin (VBS): Yeah! It's not fair that only you and An get to sing. And the winner gets the whole cheesecake, too?
Akito: Hey, come on. If everyone gets involved, who's going to decide who the winner is?
Luka (VBS): It'll be fine. We'll all be able to tell while we're singing anyway... And either way, I want to get in on this too♪
MEIKO (VBS): I swear, Luka...
KAITO (VBS): But it's more like a party if we all sing together, right? And I just so happen to have the perfect track.
Miku (VBS): Hey, nice. Give us something with a good beat, okay? Kohane, Toya, are you two in?
Toya: Yes, I would like to join. As his partner, I can't leave Akito to sing on his own.
Toya: And... If I win, I can give Akito the cheesecake as a present.
Kohane: Then sure, I'll sing too. The cake does look good...
Kohane: But I also think that all of us singing together will feel even more like a celebration for Shinonome.
Akito: I feel like you're all totally losing the plot here. Don't blame me if this ends up in chaos.
Akito: Alright. Let's do this!
Everyone: Yeah! Yes. Of course!
(Black cut)
Akito: ♪——! ♪——! ♪——!
An: ♪——! ♪————!
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
An: Mm, that really felt good!
Akito: So much for a birthday, huh? That was just what we do every day.
Toya: But hey, I guess that's just like us.
Kohane: And you looked like you were having fun the whole time.
Rin (VBS): So, who won in the end?
Luka (VBS): Hmm, I thought we'd be able to tell while we were singing... But I was having so much fun, I totally forgot about the contest♪
MEIKO (VBS): See, what did I say? But it's true, it was hard to tell. Everyone's singing melded together as one.
Akito: Well, that answers that, then. Go grab me a knife and enough plates for everyone.
An: Oh, you're not planning to keep it all to yourself?
Akito: Why would I do that? The contest's a wash anyway. And besides...
Akito: It'd be a waste to hog a cake that looks this good.
An: I got you. One sec!
Akito: Hey, be careful not to trip.
Akito: (This cheesecake gets me thinking... These guys really are always looking out for me.)
Akito: (After RAD BLAST, a lot of stuff has changed for all of us...)
Akito: (But I get the feeling they'll always be here, just like this.)
An: Akito! I got the plates and serving knife!
Kohane: An, let me help you with that! We can split them up.
Toya: Then I'll help MEIKO and the others get fresh drinks made for everyone. You must all be thirsty after all that singing.
Akito: Yeah, thanks. I'll have the cake cut in a flash, so take the plates and pass 'em down.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000378/bg_s000378.webp)
Tsukasa: Akito! Once again, happy birthday! Did you enjoy your birthday show?! We already have plans for a continuation, so why don't we present it on your next birthday?!
Rui: Hehe. Excellent idea. I'll have to use every trick in my book to make sure Shinonome really enjoys himself.
Emu: Wow, we're already working on a sequel?! Let's make it even more exciting and smiley for Akito, then☆
Nene: This is the first I'm hearing about this... Anyway, Shinonome, I'm sure we'll be back to trouble you again, so thanks for always being so patient.
Ena: Happy birthday. There's cheesecake in the fridge, so eat it when you get back. I bought it with Airi and the others from a trendy shop.
Airi: Happy birthday, Akito! You should have seen how focused Ena was picking out a cake for you. Be sure to tell her later if you enjoyed it!
Shizuku: Happy birthday! From what Ena says, you're throwing yourself into your studies and your music. I hope today you can relax and refresh yourself.
Haruka: Proper rest is an important part of both studying and working out. These protein bars are specially formulated to provide BCAA, and should help reduce your fatigue. Please give them a try.
Minori: W-Wow, even Haruka's presents are made for self-improvement... Meanwhile, Honami and I got you these colorful flying disc cookies!
Honami: Hanasato and I weren't sure what you would like, but then we realized that these would be perfect for the three of us. I really hope you like them, Shinonome.
Mafuyu: Happy birthday. I was wondering why Ena was putting so much research into cheesecake... But I see it was for her present to you.
An: Happy birthday, Akito! We sang a bunch and ate a ton... Isn't that just how we roll? I was really happy to hear you liked the cheesecake!
Kohane: Happy birthday, Shinonome! Today was so much fun. I'm glad we got to sing together. Thanks for everything you do!
Toya: Happy birthday. I couldn't be happier to get to celebrate your birthday with so many people, both at school and in SEKAI. Remember, partner, I'm always here for you.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Akito: Thanks for going to all this trouble, guys.
Akito: First at school, then in SEKAI, it's been one noisy day...
Akito: Well, that's not too bad every once in a while.
Akito: But, we can't afford to lose our edge.
Akito: We'll take a short break, but once things have settled down, we're going right back to full speed ahead.
Akito: So, I hope you'll stick around.
(White cut)
