1053_Akito Shinonome_R3 White-Hot Snowball Fight! (event_152)

Gacha phrase: We're not about to lose, you hear me?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Ski Resort]

Akito: Alright, you guys. We're gonna completely bury them in snow.
An: Yeah!
Toya: You still have some snow left on you, Akito.
Akito: Oh, thanks...
Rui: Before you all start huddling up, may I make a suggestion?
Akito: A suggestion?
Rui: I thought that it'd be fun to throw in a few rules to make our snowball fight more interesting.
Kohane: Yeah, we should probably decide how the winner is going to be declared.
Rui: First, in terms of victory conditions, we'll begin by dividing up this mountain of snowballs between us.
Rui: The team that runs out first will be declared the winner. Does that sound good?
Toya: So, the number of hits we score doesn't matter...?
Rui: Yes, because some here are more athletic than others. As such, I feel that it's necessary to level the playing field.
Akito: True. So, just one rule?
Rui: No, this is where things get interesting.
Rui: Any person who is hit five times by the opposing team will incur a penalty and be forbidden from throwing snowballs for thirty seconds.
Kohane: Thirty seconds...? That doesn't sound very long...
Akito: Actually, you could throw a lot of snowballs during that time.
An: Yeah, and think about what happens when two people are penalized. It'd be four against two.
Toya: If that were to happen, the larger team could suppress the smaller one and get the chance to throw unchecked for a period of time.
Kohane: Th-That'd be terrible!
Rui: You all seem to understand the implications.
Rui: In addition, there isn't any cover around, so you'll be allowed to guard yourself using your arms and hands. That also goes for protecting your teammates.
Akito: In other words, if we're hit anywhere else, that'll get counted towards our penalty.
Rui: Yes, and we'll use the honor system here. Please make sure to keep a tally of how many times you've been hit.
An: Okay!
Tsukasa: Is that all for the rules, Rui?!
Emu: We should also huddle up and figure out a plan!
Rui: Yes, I'll be right there!
Rui: So, how about we start in five minutes?
Kohane: Okay!
Toya: It really is incredible how Kamishiro can come up with such detailed rules so quickly.
Akito: Yeah, he thinks pretty fast.
Akito: (But I feel like he should be using those wits for other things sometimes...)
(Black cut)

[Five minutes later]

Akito: You guys ready?
Tsukasa: Yes, we're ready whenever!
Rui: Then...
Rui: Let the snowball fight between Vivid BAD SQUAD and Wonderlands×Showtime commence!
Akito: Just like we planned! We're starting with...
Nene: Wh-What?! M-Me?!
Akito: (We'll make it look like we're going after her and...!)
Akito: Now!
An: Eat this!
Toya: I'm sorry!
Kohane: There!
Tsukasa: Wh-Whaaaat?!
Tsukasa: Just kidding!
Emu: Stand behind me!! Block-block-block-block!
Akito: She just blocked every snowball!
Rui: Hehehe. I had a sneaking suspicion that you'd want to single out Tsukasa first after he got you earlier, Shinonome.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! Looks like Rui's prediction was spot-on!
Akito: Wait! Now's my chance!
Tsukasa: Blast!!
Emu: Oh no! Tsukasa!
Nene: That was your own fault...
Tsukasa: *Shiver* No matter! The battle has just begun!
Tsukasa: Now it's time for us to unleash our plan!
Emu: Yeah! “Operation: Neverending Barrage” is a go!
Toya: That sounds like they're going to throw as many as they can at us...!
Akito: They're not doing anything special! They're just throwing them! Did you guys even come up with a real plan?!
An: Haha! Either way, we also gotta keep throwing snowballs at them!
Kohane: Right!
Akito: We're not about to lose, you hear me?!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Plaza]

Akito: Alright, you guys. I brought it over.
Len (VBS): Awesome! Can we see what's inside?
Akito: Sure.
Len (VBS): Wow...! It's full of white balls!
Rin (VBS): Yeah! Whoa, they're all so soft and squishy!
Toya: They're balls used for soft tennis. That's why they're so squishy.
MEIKO (VBS): But you brought so many.
Miku (VBS): Gathering all of these couldn't have been easy.
Kohane: Actually, my friend in the soft tennis club ended up giving us a lot after I asked if they had any balls they didn't need anymore.
Kohane: But they might be a little dirty since they actually used them for their club activities...
Luka (VBS): No, that's not a problem at all!
KAITO (VBS): Exactly. What matters most is that we get to experience having a snowball fight!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: Wait, you guys wanna have a snowball fight...?
Rin (VBS): Yeah, so it'd be great if we were able to borrow that snowball maker you guys just mentioned!
Akito: Wait, you need a ton of snow for that thing to work.
KAITO (VBS): But... We really want to have a snowball fight.
An: Hmm... Isn't there something we can do for them?
Toya: Well... Our options seem to be to bring snow over or find a suitable substitute for snowballs.
Akito: A substitute for snowballs...
Akito: Actually, we could...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO (VBS): That was when you came up with the idea of using these balls instead.
Akito: I remembered seeing in the news how this one competition didn't have enough snow to hold an actual snowball fight, so they ended up using soft tennis balls instead.
Akito: Anyway, let's get started.
An: Wait, no rules?
Akito: I can't come up with complicated rules on the fly like Kamishiro. I mean, we don't really need...
KAITO (VBS): These balls probably won't hurt since they're so soft, but we should still be allowed to block them.
KAITO (VBS): Ta-daa! I brought a pot lid from the cafe!
MEIKO (VBS): Oh...
Kohane: What?!
Luka (VBS): I actually brought a frying pan with me♪
An: What?!
Luka (VBS): If a ball comes my way, I'm going to send it out of the park!
Len & Rin: Cool!
Akito: Whoa, hold up! Now we need to lay down some ground rules!
(Black cut)
Akito: You can defend yourselves using your arms and hands, but no homers... Don't hit any balls back!
MEIKO (VBS): So, give me back that lid and pan.
KAITO & Luka: Okay...
Akito: Alright, break into the teams we just decided on.
Rin (VBS): Okay! Then, on me, Team Rin!
Len (VBS): Let's do this, Team Len!
Akito: Okay, we'll spend about three minutes on a warm-up fight. After that, we'll do this for real.
Akito: Ready? Start!
Miku (VBS): You snooze, you lose!
Len (VBS): Whoa! That... Didn't hurt at all!
Len (VBS): Now I'm not afraid of getting hit! Time for my revenge, Miku!
(Black cut)
Rin (VBS): Take this! And this! And this!
KAITO (VBS): W-W-W-Wait, why me?!
Akito: Hey, KAITO! All the balls you're deflecting are coming towards me!
(Black cut)
Toya: Here it comes, Shiraishi!
An: You don't scare me!
Toya: Take this!
(Background change)
(Background change)
Kohane: Eep! Wh-What happened?! A ball just fell out of the sky...!
Luka (VBS): Oh, was that one of those disappearing pitches?!
MEIKO (VBS): Well, it sort of came straight out of left field, so I suppose...
Akito: You're tensing up way too much, Toya. Try relaxing your shoulders more.
Len (VBS): Hey, Akito, you're not supposed to be giving the other team advice!
Rin (VBS): Don't be such a spoilsport! I know your next throw's gonna be a good one, Toya!
Toya: Thank you! Here it comes, Akito!
Akito: Honestly...
Akito: Alright, hit me with your best shot!
(Black cut)
