1059_Akito Shinonome_R4 Unexpected Farewell Gift (event_153)

Gacha phrase: Guess things aren't off to such a bad start.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[New Year's Day]

[Shrine Grounds]

Akito: I was prepared for a big crowd, but not this big...
Toya: Same. I know this shrine is famous, but this is quite a lot of people.
Akito: It's good that we came early, huh? I guess we just have to wait patiently in line now.
Toya: Right. I'll use this time to reply to the message Azusawa and Shiraishi sent.
Akito: Their message...? Oh, right. They said that they're at PXL now.
Toya: They also said they couldn't wait to see the show.
Toya: It's New Year's Day, so I hope they get to have as much fun as they can.
Akito: Me too. On the other hand, we're having ourselves a pretty lazy day.
Toya: Yes, but we should make the most of this shrine visit to ensure that we have another good year.
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Akito: The shrine's office was also pretty crowded, huh.
Akito: But I guess that's normal, since everyone goes to draw their fortunes after making their wishes.
Toya: That being said, we've managed to pay our respects and get our fortunes. That means we've accomplished our goals for the day.
Akito: Yeah, but now it's time to see how lucky we really are.
Toya: Right.
Toya: ...!
Akito: Hey, I got a great blessing.
Toya: Really? So did I.
Akito: Seriously? Not a bad way to start off the new year.
Akito: Let's see what it says... “Your studies will go smoothly. There is no need to fear.”
Akito: Do you think it's talking about our English lessons?
Toya: If so, that's very encouraging. You should do as it says. Proceed without any fear.
Akito: Yeah, not very likely...
Akito: Anyway, what else does it say...? “Your next trip will be very rewarding.”
Toya: Mine also says something similar. We may gain quite a lot by going over to the United States.
Akito: I sure hope so. There wouldn't be much point otherwise.
Akito: Hm...?
Toya: What is it?
Akito: Oh, they just sent a message.
Toya: Ah, Shiraishi and Azusawa. They even included a photo.
An's Message (An): <Check it out! We got to greet Kagami Mochi Phenny!>
Kohane's Message (Kohane): <Will you be able to get your pancakes? Are you two still at the shrine?>
Toya: This is Kagami Mochi Phenny...?
Akito: What's this on his head? A mandarin...?
Toya: Yes, this must be one of the key features of Kagami Mochi Phenny.
Akito: It looks like all they did was place a mandarin on top of a white ball of fluff and call it kagami mochi... Though, I guess the pancakes we're gonna have later are basically the same idea.
Akito: What's up?
Toya: Oh, it's just... They sent us a photo, so I feel like we should reply by sending one.
Akito: Huh?
Toya: We both just got great blessings, so I thought it might be good to let them know.
Akito: Do we have to? We're not little kids anymore.
Toya: We can hold our fortunes out like this and hold the camera from this angle. That should allow us to squeeze both of our faces in...
Akito: You're serious...?
Akito: Alright, fine... Gimme your phone. I'll take it.
Toya: Thank you, Akito. Are we both in frame?
Akito: Yeah, we are. Anyway, smile...
Toya: Okay, it turned out pretty well. Nice work, Akito.
Akito: Yeah, good for you.
Akito: Anyway, let's send this to them and start heading over to the cafe.
Toya: Yes, let's go.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Akito: Sorry I'm late.
An: Hey, there you are! That's fine, but what's going on? We waited here like you asked.
Akito: I had to go back and get this.
Toya: That's...
Kohane: A cake box?
Akito: Yeah, call it a little treat.
Rin & Len: A treat?
Akito: Something sweet after a tough practice doesn't sound bad, right?
Miku (VBS): Oh, can we open it?
Akito: Sure.
Rin (VBS): Oh, cheesecake! And it looks amazing!
Toya: This cake... Is it the one from...?
Akito: Yup.
An: Wait, what are you guys talking about? Do you know where this came from, Toya?
Toya: It's the cake Akito and Momoi won when we played competitive Hanetsuki together.
Toya: Ena and I ended up losing to them, which meant that we had to treat them.
Luka (VBS): Oh, you played for cheesecake?
Akito: Yeah, Ena... My sister likes this a lot, but I decided to get some more, since it ended up being so good.
KAITO (VBS): And you got enough for all of us? That's so thoughtful of you, Akito!
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. Now that the cake is here, I should start getting ready.
Len (VBS): Still, this cake must be really good if it made Akito go back for more...
Len (VBS): If I were in his shoes, I'd want to have it all to myself, you know...?
KAITO (VBS): I understand what you mean, Len, but these kinds of things taste much better when you share them with others.
Len (VBS): Wait, KAITO, you're really gonna say that? Just the other day, when I asked for a bit of your ice cream, you said that I couldn't have any.
Kohane: Hehe...
An: Still, there's gotta be more to this story.
Akito: What do you mean?
An: There has to be a reason why you suddenly decided to buy cake for all of us. You hardly ever do anything like this.
Akito: No reason in particular. I just felt like it.
An: Oh...?
MEIKO (VBS): Here are the things you asked for, Akito.
Kohane: What things?
MEIKO (VBS): These. My special whipped cream, some fruits and fruit sauce.
MEIKO (VBS): As we discussed the other day, these should make for some excellent toppings, yes?
Akito: Wait, MEIKO, that was supposed to be a...
MEIKO (VBS): Huh?
Miku (VBS): Oh, did you ask for MEIKO's help?
An: You've gone to a lot of trouble considering you “just felt like doing this”...
Akito: Cut me some slack... Doesn't it make sense to want to have this cake in the best way possible?
Akito: Anyway, just try it. Your world's gonna get turned upside down.
Miku (VBS): Are you sure you want to raise the bar that high?
Akito: You'll see what I mean.
Luka (VBS): It must be just that good♪
MEIKO (VBS): Then, I'll get some plates for everyone.
Toya: They all seem to be enjoying it very much.
Akito: Yeah.
Akito: (This cake's seriously good... Why didn't Ena tell me about this place sooner?)
Akito: Anyway, I think I'll have some now. As for toppings... I'm gonna start with some whipped cream.
(Black cut)
