1068_Akito Shinonome_R3 The View From Up Above (event_154)

Gacha phrase: I'm excited for everything I'll get to do there.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Airport]

An: We've finally arrived! In the United States of America!
Kohane: Oh, I'll take a photo and send it to my dad to let him know that we've made it over safely!
An: Good call! I'll do the same!
Akito: Hey, quit acting like we're at an amusement park. Have you let Taiga's manager know that we're arrived?
An: Yeah, when we were at baggage claim. I'm still waiting to hear back from him.
Akito: Okay.
Akito: Hear that, Toya? You get to rest for a while.
Akito: It's been a little while now since we got off the plane, but you still don't look that great. How are you feeling?
Toya: I'm okay...
Akito: Yeah, I don't buy that. Quit the tough-guy act.
Kohane: We can sit down over there, Aoyagi!
An: There's even a shop right next to it, so why don't we all grab some drinks and have a seat?
Toya: Okay... Let's do that.
An: Alright, you guys watch our bags!
Akito: No problem.
An: Oh, hey! This is gonna be our first American shopping experience!
Kohane: Yeah, you're right! I hope we're able to put our lessons to good use.
Akito: Here, Toya, have a seat.
Toya: Thank you...
Akito: I'm glad we had a smooth flight, huh. A little turbulence can make an airplane shake a lot, right?
Toya: Yes...
Toya: Like a roller coaster... Actually, it might be worse than that.
Toya: Compared to that, I think we got off fairly lightly...
Akito: Yeah, I basically fell asleep after watching just one movie.
Akito: How about you? Get any sleep?
Toya: Only a little...
Akito: Yeah, I guess anyone would have trouble sleeping when they're feeling as tense as you were.
Akito: I mean, you clung to your seat's armrests like your life depended on it.
Toya: Yes, during takeoff in particular. I felt that I had to hold on tight or else...
Toya: But I also feel bad for hogging it. I'm sure you would've also liked to use it...
Akito: Yeah, but I didn't mind letting you use it during takeoff.
Akito: (I knew he'd have a rough time with his fear of heights, but I didn't think it'd affect him this much...)
Akito: (After the plane took off, he closed his eyes and refused to look towards any of the windows.)
Akito: (The flight home probably isn't gonna be any easier. I just hope that it goes smoothly...)
Kohane: We're back! With drinks!
Akito: Thanks. So, did you actually speak in English at the counter?
An: Yeah, of course!
Akito: Touche.
An: Oh, Uncle Taiga's manager just got back to me! He says he's really close by...
Kohane: Close by?
An: Yeah, he said we'll probably know who he is, so we should come find him.
Akito: What? But we've never met him before.
Akito: No, wait. Over there. That has to be him.
An: Huh? Where? How did you know who to look for?!
Akito: The person over by the exit. He's holding a sign that says, “WELCOME! Vivid BAD SQUAD!”
Kohane: Hehe. He's right...
An: Oh, I think he noticed us! Let's grab our bags...
Akito: You okay to walk, Toya?
Toya: Yes, I should be fine now. I feel a little better after sitting down...
Kohane: That's good to hear... Then, let's go over to where the manager is.
Akito: No problem.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

[New York Academy of Music]

Akito: ——!! ————!!
Toya: ————!!
Kohane & An: ——~~~~!!
Kohane, An, Akito & Toya: ————!! ————!!
(Black cut)
An: Whew. Let's stop here for now!
Toya: It's nice that we get to do morning practices over here.
Kohane: Hehe. This wouldn't have been possible if we weren't allowed to stay in the dorms. And I'm glad we thought to ask Mr. Lloyd about places where we can practice.
Akito: Yeah. The day just doesn't feel right without it.
???: <Hey, you guys!>
Akito: Hm? That sounded like Len...
Akito: The coast looks clear. Come on out.
Len (VBS): <Hi, everyone!>
Miku (VBS): <Good morning.>
An: Morning, Miku! It's nice to see you.
Miku (VBS): <Nice to see you too. We came over to see what you were all up to today.>
Akito: Today? We're actually pretty free...
Len (VBS): <Really? We figured that you'd have to move over to the hotel soon.>
An: That's the thing. We still haven't been able to find another hotel with free rooms.
An: So we're going to spend today sightseeing near the Academy, I think.
Len (VBS): <Oh, that's a great idea! And it sounds really fun!>
Miku (VBS): <Do you already have some destinations in mind?>
Kohane: Yes, one of the students we did that session with yesterday told us about everyone's favorite hangouts.
Toya: There's apparently a popular boutique shop and supermarket nearby, so we're thinking about going to those places first.
Len (VBS): <Oh, cool! That sounds really exciting!>
Kohane: I'm also really excited, since American supermarkets are supposed to be really spacious and have a huge selection of goods.
An: Same! Do you think they'll have any souvenirs that my mom would like?
Akito: You're already thinking about souvenirs? Aren't you getting a little ahead of yourself?
An: No, I'm not! If I don't start looking now, then I'm not gonna be able to decide later when we leave.
Toya: Yes, even just yesterday, quite a few things caught my attention.
An: Exactly! I bet your family's looking forward to seeing what you bring back, Akito. Especially Ena.
Akito: True...
Akito: My mom said she wants some tea, and Ena asked for chocolates...
Toya: My mom also asked for tea. And tea snacks.
Kohane: Oh, tea sounds like a popular option.
Kohane: I wonder what I should get. My parents said they didn't have any preferences.
An: Same here. Hmm... Should I get snacks, or something more commemorative...?
Len (VBS): <Yeah, there's gotta be tons of things over here that you can't get in Japan!>
Akito: (Come to think of it, Ena said she wanted a certain assortment of chocolates or whatever...)
Akito: (Seriously, that's complicated enough in Japanese... Did she not realize how hard it's gonna be for me to ask about that in English?)
Akito: (Still...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ena: Nothing. But, here.
(White cut)
Akito: A leather passport case...?
Ena: I chose it with Airi's help today. Call it a parting gift from me.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (I should get her something in return.)
Kohane: Oh, that reminds me! Apparently, the reusable bags they sell at supermarkets make for really great souvenirs!
An: Wait, really?
Kohane: Yeah. Some of the more famous supermarkets sell reusable bags with cute and cool designs.
Kohane: I'd like to spend some time looking at those when we go.
Akito: Really...?
Akito: (Depending on the design, Mom and Ena might really like that.)
Akito: (I'll give it some more thought if they have anything they might like.)
(Black cut)
