1115_Akito Shinonome_R4 Two Hearts' Resonant Roar

Gacha phrase: You feel the same thing, right?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome)

[ASTRO FES - Day 1]

[Ensemble Square - Studio]

Akito: ♪——————!!!
Akito: *Exhale*
Akito: (I think I've got the hang of it... Now I just gotta refine everything.)
Akito: (Even if it's partially an act, I'll be facing off with Sazanami in our joint performance tomorrow.)
Akito: (When I heard him sing during our tour of Ensemble Square...)
Akito: (He had so much power and impact... You'd be swallowed whole if you gave anything less than 100% against him.)
Akito: (I'll need more energy if I want to stand a chance...)
???: ♪——! ♪——!
Akito: Hm? Is that... Sazanami?
Akito: Is he practicing in the other studio? I didn't know he was still at it so late.
Akito: In that case...
(Black cut)
Jun: ♪——! ♪——!
Jun: Alright. I think I've got this down.
Akito: Hello, Sazanami.
Jun: Oh, Shinonome. Hello.
Jun: Did you stay back to practice too?
Akito: Yes, I did. And since we're both still here, I thought we could do a run-through together.
Akito: I was just practicing that song too... The part where we face off.
Jun: Oh, sounds like a plan. It'll be easier to get in the mood if we're together♪
Jun: Alright then, let's do it! By all means, go first.
Akito: Thanks. Okay...
Akito: Here I go!
Akito: ♪——————!!!
Jun: ...!
Jun: (I was thinking this during our lesson yesterday, but Shinonome sure is good at singing.)
Jun: (The emotions he projects come across so clearly that I end up getting worked up too...)
Jun: (But...)
Akito: ♪——————!!!
Akito: ...
Jun: I guess it's my turn now.
Jun: ♪——! ♪——! ♪————~~!!!
Akito: (Yup, he really is amazing...)
Akito: (No, he's gotten better than before. He has much more momentum now.)
Akito: (And he's not pushing through with that alone. The way he uses his voice and his whole body... He has everything thought out and streamlined.)
Akito: (On top of that...)
Akito: (I can feel his emotions.)
Akito: (It's like he's saying there's more where that came from.)
Akito: (But, if that's how things are gonna go...)
Jun: ♪——————!
Akito: ...!
Akito: (Wait a second... Did he just gesture for me to join in?)
Akito: I didn't realize idols were that competitive.
Akito: Here I come!
Akito & Jun: ♪————————!!!
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Jun: *Exhale* Going all out singing like that sure takes a lot out of you.
Akito: It really does. Sorry for taking so much of your time.
Jun: Don't worry about it, I had fun too. I got caught up in your energy, and thanks to that, I feel like I sang pretty good...
Jun: And I don't know what it is, but there's something in the way we sing that feels similar...
Akito: What...?
Jun: Weird, right? Especially since we sing totally different genres.
Akito: No, it's not that... I was actually thinking the same thing.
Akito: Maybe we have a similar resolve. Kind of like, no matter what happens, we'll make sure to push through it.
Jun: I think you might be right...
Jun: I touched on this a little yesterday, but... I used to be someone who didn't have anything.
Akito: Didn't have anything...?
Jun: Yes. At the idol school I went to, Reimei Academy... Everyone who wasn't a favored student was treated like dirt.
Jun: Until Ohiisan... That is, until Hiyori Tomoe from Eden picked me up, I was just another tool in the shed used to make those students shine in the spotlight.
Akito: ...
Jun: But I worked day in, day out to refine my skills... And somehow managed to push through.
Jun: So, you could say I have a hunger for success. Maybe more than the average person.
Akito: I see...
Akito: Then, I think we are similar. I only got this far because I continued to sing despite shedding blood, sweat and tears along the way.
Akito: I'd say I have a strong drive to improve myself.
Jun: Haha. I bet. You were getting better as you sang just now.
Akito: I could say the same for you, Sazanami. Getting to one-up each other after every round was a lot of fun.
Jun: It was. Pushing yourself to continuously try surpassing your opponent really is effective. In the end, we both reaped the benefits.
Jun: I'm really glad that you're my opponent for this joint performance.
Akito: Sazanami. While we're still in the zone, would you mind going for another round?
Jun: Not at all. I'm down to keep going♪
Akito & Jun: ♪————!
Izumi: Stop right there! Just how long are you two thinking of practicing for?
Akito: Sena?
Izumi: If you two keep going, it'll impede your performance tomorrow.
Izumi: Don't forget that making sure you're in tip-top shape is also an important part of the job.
Jun: Hahaha... Sorry. We got a little carried away. Looks like I still have a long way to go.
Jun: We didn't get all of it out of our system, but I guess let's call it a day, Shinonome.
Akito: Sounds good. Let's pick up where we left off on stage tomorrow.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[ASTRO FES - Day 2]

[ASTRO FES Venue]

Akito: (We already finished rehearsal, but there's quite a bit of time until the show.)
Akito: (Now's probably my chance to eat something. The performance isn't until tonight, so I better grab a bite...)
Akito: (I think I'll check out the food stalls since—)
Len (VBS): <Heya, Akito!>
KAITO (VBS): <Wow, look at all these people!>
Akito: Whoa! Len, KAITO... What if someone saw you?
Len (VBS): <Hehe. We're not in sight, so it's A-okay!>
KAITO (VBS): <Huh? Is Toya not with you?>
Akito: Oh, I think he's checking out the food stalls and stuff with Sena...one of the idols we're performing with.
KAITO (VBS): <Right... So that means you're alone and free!>
Len (VBS): <Want us to tag along and check out the stalls with you, Akito?>
Akito: Uh, pretty sure you were just looking for an excuse to ask that... But, I don't mind the company.
Len & KAITO: <Yay!>
KAITO (VBS): <Now that I think about it... There're stalls selling food from all different countries and areas.>
Akito: I guess it's 'cause this festival is about enjoying all kinds of music and food.
Len (VBS): <Really?! There's a lot of food I've never seen before, it's so interesting.>
Len (VBS): <Oh! Look, Akito! That food stall is selling massive meat skewers!>
Akito: No, you don't get to eat it like that. When you order it, they slice some of the meat off for you.
KAITO (VBS): <Hahaha. Someone's feeling a little hungry.>
KAITO (VBS): <Oh! Is that the famous Turkish ice cream? Wow, it actually does stretch apart!>
Len (VBS): <Hypocrite, much?>
Akito: (These two sure are excited.)
Akito: (But they're probably not satisfied with just looking. I'll grab something for them later.)
Jun: Oh, there he is! Hey, Shinonome!
Akito: Huh? Sazanami?
Jun: Sorry for calling out to you all of a sudden. I was wondering if you're up for grabbing a bite together.
Akito: Oh, sure. That sounds great—
Jun: Huh? Someone's calling me. Who is it...?
Jun: *Sigh* I knew it.
Akito: ...?
Jun: I'm so sorry, especially after just calling out to you. Would you mind waiting a bit? I'll make it quick.
Akito: No problem.
Jun: What is it, Ohiisan?
Jun: What?! Are you serious? You know I've got my own plans— Hey!
Jun: And he hangs up once he's done asking for a favor. This guy...
Akito: Is there something wrong?
Jun: Oh... I guess you could say that. Ohiisan just asked me to get some food for him.
Jun: He said I should show him some hospitality because he came all the way to cheer me on despite being so busy.
Akito: Ohiisan... Isn't he...
Jun: Yes, Hiyori Tomoe. He's the fellow member of Eden I mentioned yesterday.
Jun: Well, we actually also work together as the duo act, Eve. So you could say he's my partner in crime of sorts.
Akito: Really?
Jun: Ah. Speak of the devil. Ohiisan just sent me a grocery list.
Jun: Let's see... “Salmon quiche, black tea, clam chowder...” Isn't he asking for a little too much?
Akito: Sounds like...a lot of work.
Jun: Haha, I'm used to it.
Jun: Besides... I'm happy to do this stuff half of the time.
Akito: What?
Jun: I'm pretty free whenever I don't have work, so it helps me take a breather... And I mentioned this yesterday as well, but I'm indebted to Ohiisan.
Jun: I wouldn't be who I am now if he didn't take me in. I want to return the favor in some way.
Jun: Which is why I indulge his requests... And try to show how much I've grown when we sing together.
Akito: How much you've grown?
Jun: Yes. I think in Ohiisan's eyes, showing my progress and how far I've come is the ultimate token of gratitude.
Akito: (Growth, huh?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: I understand how it feels to want to improve and be better for your teammates.
Akito: Toya can do so many things I can't.
Akito: Since we became partners, I've been doing everything I can to keep being worthy of singing next to him.
Jun: Haha, I completely understand. It's hard when your partner is amazing.
Akito: I guess that's why we're always working towards getting better.
Jun: After chatting with you about this, it sounds like we really do have a lot in common.
Jun: To get even better than we are right now, let's give it our all during our performance!
Akito: Let's!
(Background change)
Len (VBS): <It sounds like those two get along really well!>
KAITO (VBS): <Yeah. I'm itching to see everyone's performance even more now.>
(Background change)
Jun: Alright, I better start working on Ohiisan's requests... But would you like to join me, Shinonome?
Akito: What?
Jun: So, I heard that Cinnamon has a stall here. I called out to you initially to ask if you're keen to check it out.
Akito: Cinnamon... That's the cafe in Ensemble Square, right?
Jun: That's right. According to some of the other idols, the special international menu they worked up is really good.
Jun: I'm pretty sure quiches were on the menu too. Since I need to grab one for Ohiisan, I thought I could kill two birds with one stone.
Akito: I see...
Akito: (If the other idols say it's good, then it's worth trying... I have a feeling Len and KAITO would be interested in the international menu too.)
Akito: Then, I'll take you up on your offer. I might get stuff for some good friends who've helped me out a lot.
(Background change)
Len (VBS): <Good friends who've helped him out... Is he talking about us?>
KAITO (VBS): <Akito...!>
(Background change)
Jun: Great! Then, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later - Before the show]

[Backstage]

Jun: The time has come, Shinonome.
Akito: Yes. We got along on many fronts, Sazanami...
Akito: And that's why, I'm going in for the win.
Jun: Right back at you. I'll be sure to tell you about the view from up above.
Akito: I'm going to make you eat those words.
Jun: Alright, let's not hold our punches♪
Akito: You got it!
(Black cut)
