1183_Akito Shinonome_R3 The World In My Eyes (event_169)

Gacha phrase: This is the "world" we've been talking about...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Morning]

[New York - Alleyway]

Akito: Alright, let's end things here.
An: *Stretch* We sang a ton again today!
Kohane: You really sang your heart out today, An.
An: That's because of all the other people singing near us. I wasn't about to let them steal our shine.
Akito: Yeah, I felt the same way.
Akito: Still, it was pretty nice of Taiga to show us this place. It's good to have somewhere we can practice.
Toya: Practicing in SEKAI is fine and all, but we did all seem to want to sing while immersing ourselves in this atmosphere.
Kohane: Yeah, I agree!
Kohane: Oh, before we forget... What should we do about breakfast?
Akito: Oh yeah, I guess we didn't really decide anything.
An: Since we're here, we should eat at one of the places in the neighborhood.
Kohane: The bagels they had at the cafe we went to yesterday were really good. They were so crispy, and they came with so much salmon and cream cheese.
Toya: It's apparently very normal to have that for breakfast in New York. I'm sure there are many shops proudly serving them that way.
Akito: The eggs Benedict we had the day before are standard for breakfast too, right?
An: Oh, that was really good too! The English muffin was so fluffy.
Kohane: They both felt like really fancy and special breakfasts.
An: I know, right?! Speaking of which, do you think there are any famous shops in this neighborhood?
Akito: Famous?
An: I mean, we didn't do much research before coming here. We've basically just been working off of Uncle Taiga's recommendations.
Akito: You know, that's true, huh.
Toya: Since we have the chance, why don't we take this opportunity to look for a place to eat on our own?
Kohane: All the places we've been to so far have been really good, so I can't imagine what a famous one is going to be like.
Akito: Actually, I think there's a famous bagel shop nearby.
Kohane: Huh?
Akito: I'm pretty sure I heard it ranks among New York's best bagel shops. The cream cheese there is supposed to be unbelievable.
Akito: They should be open now. Also, by the look of the pictures I saw, it seemed like a nice place.
Toya: That does sound appetizing.
An: Wait, do you happen to know about any other good places to eat around here?
Akito: Other good places...? This one place's eggs Benedict had good reviews.
Akito: That's their most famous dish, but their French toast is also supposed to be incredible.
Akito: The reviews on every website I looked at were all good, so it might be worth visiting.
Kohane: I see...
Akito: There were also some good cafes. Around here it'd be...
Akito: Hm?
Akito: Alright, what's with the staring?
Kohane: Oh, umm... I think we're all just really impressed by your knowledge of the cafes around here!
An: Lemme guess... You spent a lot of time researching them.
Akito: No, no really...
Toya: Oh, that reminds me...
Toya: Even before we came over to the United States, you mentioned wanting to try the pancakes New York had to offer.
Toya: I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that you've done quite a bit of research.
Akito: I mean, you don't get many opportunities like this...
Kohane: Hehe. Then, why don't we try going to the places Shinonome recommends today?
Toya: Agreed. Anywhere that Akito recommends is sure to be good.
An: Looking forward to all those yummy pancakes, boss.
Akito: Shut it.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Early Morning]

[Hotel - Cafe Entrance]

Akito: (I definitely got up way too early...)
Akito: (I mean, look at the time. I know the event's happening today, but still...)
Akito: (I guess I'm more excited than I realized.)
Akito: (Toya and the others won't be up yet.)
Akito: (So, I guess I could warm up over in SEKAI...)
???: There you are.
Akito: You're already here, Toya?
Toya: You were gone when I woke up, so I figured that you'd be waiting here. You've gotten up quite early.
Akito: Look who's talking.
Toya: I just couldn't help but wake up.
Toya: I suppose I'm more excited about today's event than I realized.
Toya: Is something wrong?
Akito: No, I just realized that we're both in the same boat.
Toya: I see. To be fair, I feel like we have every right to be excited.
Akito: It's not every day that you get to see an event over here in the United States.
Akito: Especially not a huge one like this.
Toya: Yes, and all the artists are huge names in their respective genres.
Akito: I can't really imagine what it's gonna be like.
Akito: Still, the event's not until evening, so there really wasn't any point waking up this early.
Toya: True, it's still early for us to meet up. Should we wait here for Shiraishi and Azusawa, or begin practicing on our own?
Akito: I was just thinking about going over to SEKAI to start warming up. We can text them or—
Kohane: Huh? Shinonome? Aoyagi? You're both already awake?
An: Hey, look at that. Don't tell me, you're so excited for the event that you couldn't stay in bed?
Toya: Yes, basically.
Akito: Yeah, and look who else is up early.
Kohane: It's true, we both woke up earlier than normal. We were talking about getting a head start on practice.
An: This reminds me of when I was in elementary school.
An: I always woke up super early the day of field trips and stuff because of how excited I was.
Kohane: Yeah, it is hard to stay asleep when you know it's a special day.
Akito: In any case, it's good that we're all motivated.
Akito: And since we're all awake, let's start practice a little early.
Kohane: Yeah!
An: Hehe. I have a good feeling about today! I'm gonna sing my heart out right from the beginning!
Akito: Alright, settle down. Being excited is fine and all, but we need to warm up first.
Akito: Anyway, let's go.
(Black cut)
