1217_Akito Shinonome_R2 Return To Regular Life (event_175)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Restaurant]

Akito: This place has a nice atmosphere... And the dishes at the other tables look amazing.
Ken: I guarantee that you're going to like the food here. I already ordered some things, and they should be here soon...
Waiter: “Thank you for your patience.”
Taiga: Oh, food's here.
Akito: Whoa, you guys ordered all this?!
Akito: Fried chicken, hot dogs, French fries, pizza, Caesar salad and there's still more...
Taiga: Hey, these are just the appetizers, so lose that deer-in-the-headlights look. You guys are still young, so you should have no trouble getting through this.
An: Hehe. Alright, let's eat!
Kohane: Who wants some salad?
Elena: Me!
Akito: (I'm glad that Taiga and Ken ordered for us. There's so much on this menu that I don't think we would've been able to choose...)
Akito: Hm? What's this meat dish called again? It looks like a Salisbury steak...
Cedric: Oh, that's meatloaf.
Ken: Basically, you take the meat for a Salisbury steak, put it in a mold and in the oven.
Ken: Want some sour cream to go with it? The stuff they make here is very good.
Akito: I see. Then, I'll have some.
Akito: ...! This is ridiculously good.
Akito: (I've tried a lot of different dishes since coming here. Giant hamburgers, tacos, lambchops...)
Akito: (You don't see those things much in Japan, but they've all been amazing, and definitely worth trying out.)
Slade: Oh, Akito, that meat pie you're having looks good. Can I have one?
Akito: Yeah, here.
Slade: Thanks! In return, I'll give you something from our table. I recommend...
Slade: Oh, how about this pot pie? It's packed with chicken and really delicious!
Akito: You don't say. Sure, I'll have some.
Akito: (You eat pot pies by breaking the top crust and eating it with the stew underneath, right...?)
Ken: Hey, uh—
Akito: (Huh?!)
Slade: Hm? What's wrong?
Akito: Nothing's wrong... It's just, this stew stuff...
Akito: (This vague grassy taste and slight sweetness. These have to be...)
Slade: Oh, I see...are carrots not your thing?
Akito: Yeah...
Slade: Sorry, Akito, I should've asked if there was anything you didn't want to eat before I passed it over.
Akito: I mean, it's not that big a deal... If anything, it's my fault for not telling you first.
Ken: I was also too slow to notice. Akito here isn't all that fond of carrots.
Elena: To be fair, this smells pretty spicy... You can't really tell that it's carrot potage just at a glance.
Rebecca: Also, An gave Kohane the tomatoes on her plate a second ago.
An: Wait, you saw?
Rebecca: Yes. You two must be really close.
Taiga: Everyone has their likes and dislikes. Humans should just have what they want.
Slade: Then, I'll take that from you! Here, have some of this pizza instead!
Akito: Sorry, and thanks.
Ken: Yeah, there's no need to force yourself or anything.
Ken: But I am of the mind that overcoming your dislikes can help expand your list of options.
Akito: Yeah, maybe so...
Ken: Haha. Your expression says, “Life wouldn't be so hard if that were so easy.” I understand how you feel.
Ken: Still, you did manage to get the hang of English, didn't you?
Akito: I've still got a lot of work to do. But yes, things have gotten better on that front...
Ken: It's easy to overcome these sorts of dislikes once you reach a certain level of familiarity.
Ken: Who knows? If you worked hard enough, you might even grow to like carrots...
Akito: No, that sounds like...!
An: Alright, Dad, that's enough.
Toya: I see... Ken may be right.
Akito: What? Don't tell me...
Toya: Just look at how much you've improved at English. If you approached eating carrots with the same effort, then...
An: Look what you've done! Now you've got Toya saying the same thing!
Ken: Sorry, you two. That was meant to be a joke.
Akito: *Sigh* (That was seriously a close one...)
Ken: Now, I'm not calling this an apology for teasing you... But this place has a pretty huge dessert menu.
Ken: How about we order some pancakes?
Akito: Yes, please...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[After School]

[Kamiyama High School - School Gate]

An: Ugh, I'm exhausted...
Akito: It's been a while since I last used my brain this much...
Toya: But I saw you two taking notes very diligently. I'd say that's a good thing.
Akito: That's because you pressured me by being there right next to me...
An: Still, it was fun to go to school since it had been so long. Really felt like I was home again after seeing everyone's faces.
Akito: Yeah, I agree.
Akito: (I feel a lot more relaxed over here... During our trip, a part of me was always kinda tense.)
???: Oh... Hey, Akito!
Akito: Hm? That sounded like...
Soccer Team Member: Hey, long time no see! You too, Toya, Shiraishi. Welcome back.
An: Hey, thanks!
Akito: Hey there. Club today?
Soccer Team Member: Yeah, just got back from my hill sprint. The others should be back soon too...
Soccer Team Member: Oh, Akito, now that you're back, would you mind lending us a hand?
Akito: Huh? Oh...
Akito: Sorry, I'll pass. I have to go through my daily training routine after this.
Soccer Team Member: What? But it's been so long. You're no fun. Still, if you have stuff to do, then there's not much we can do about that...
Soccer Team Member: More importantly, you guys went over to the United States, right? Anything cool happen?
Akito: That's a pretty broad question.
Akito: I mean, we ran into our fair share of trouble. We couldn't stay at the hotel we thought we had booked, and I had my wallet stolen.
Soccer Team Member: Haha. That's terrible. But sounds like you had fun!
Akito: How...? Still, all that stuff aside, it actually was fun.
Soccer Team Member: That's pretty cool. I still can't believe that you took a trip overseas. I mean, you had to speak in English, right?
Akito: Fortunately, I had Toya and a few others there to help me out. Some of the people we met could even speak Japanese.
Toya: But you did just fine by yourself when you bought things at the airport and elsewhere.
Akito: I mean, that was just me stringing together simple sentences...
Akito: Considering what we wanna do in the future, I need to buckle down and get better at it.
An: Yeah, we gotta keep doing our best there.
An: Also, after spending a day at school, I feel like I should cherish the time I get to spend here more...
Toya: Yes, I thought that as well.
Toya: We can just talk without really working at it, and people will understand where we're coming from...
Toya: Thinking about it that way, it's rather reassuring, isn't it?
Akito: I more or less get what you're trying to say...
Akito: (I also felt that a little after coming to school for the first time in a while.)
Akito: (I'd taken that for granted until now, but it's something that I really shouldn't...)
An: Then, why don't you make an exception today?
Akito: Huh?
Toya: Why don't you go and help the soccer team?
Soccer Team Member: What...?!
Akito: Wait, how did you guys land on that...?
Toya: It's a part of us cherishing our time here. Also, it's important to take your mind off of things every once in a while.
Akito: (Yeah, I guess every once in a while...)
Akito: When the others get back, are you guys gonna have a quick match?
Soccer Team Member: Y-Yeah, that's right... Does this mean you're gonna join us?!
Akito: Yeah, for a little bit.
Soccer Team Member: Thanks! You're the best!
Soccer Team Member: Try to get warmed up before the others get back!
Akito: Okay, I will.
An: In that case, Toya, we should go watch them!
Toya: Yes, let's do that.
Akito: You two aren't going home? Don't come crying to me if the ball goes flying towards you guys.
Toya: I'll do my best to dodge it if it does...
An: Haha! You'll be fine! I'll just kick it away!
Akito: Oh? I'd like to see that.
Soccer Team Member: Alright, Akito, I'll help you get warmed up!
Akito: Yeah, you better. I'm expecting at least that much of you.
Akito: (I guess doing stuff like this every once in a while isn't so bad...)
Akito: Anyway, I'll go and start getting ready.
(Black cut)
