118-9 Music From Around The World (Kohane Azusawa)

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Luka (VBS): Wh-Why did this crack form all of the sudden...?!
MEIKO (VBS): What if...?
MEIKO (VBS): What if it's a response to Kohane's declaration?
Luka (VBS): Huh?
MEIKO (VBS): If this wall represents how you all see RAD WEEKEND, then it makes sense for it to be big, tall and immovable.
MEIKO (VBS): But you just said that you're going to surpass it, right, Kohane? You were able to visualize going to see what's beyond it.
MEIKO (VBS): That might've caused this crack to form.
Kohane: What I said made it crack...?
Kohane: Huh?
Luka (VBS): Hm? What's wrong?
Kohane: No, um... I thought I heard music coming from this crack...
Luka (VBS): Oh, you're right! I hear it too!
MEIKO (VBS): Is this crack allowing this music to come through the wall?
Kohane: It sounds like a fun song.
Luka (VBS): *Nod* It's got a Latin rhythm to it!
MEIKO (VBS): I suppose it only makes sense since this alley also has that sort of feel to it.
Luka (VBS): Haha! That'd be so much fun!
Luka (VBS): Be it America, India, wherever...! If an alley looks like it's from a certain part of the world, then we'd get to hear music from that region, right?
Kohane: Hehe. That would mean there's all sorts of music we've never heard before waiting for us on the other side.
Kohane: Oh...!
MEIKO (VBS): Hm? Did something happen?
Kohane: No, I just thought of something...
Kohane: If we do end up surpassing RAD WEEKEND and cause this wall to come crumbling down...
Kohane: I have a feeling that music from all around the world will come together in the plaza back there.
MEIKO (VBS): You may be right. It does lie at the center of this area...
Luka (VBS): Wow! What a lovely thought!
Luka (VBS): Imagine getting to hear all the music that the world has to offer! How wonderful would that be?
MEIKO (VBS): Yes...
MEIKO (VBS): Actually... I may have had the wrong idea about this place.
Kohane: Huh?
MEIKO (VBS): Originally, I thought this place was the new starting point for your journey as you strive towards seeing what's beyond that dream.
MEIKO (VBS): However, Kohane, if what you say is correct, then it's more than that...
MEIKO (VBS): This may be where you all come into contact with music from around the world.
Kohane: With music from around the world?
MEIKO (VBS): Yes.
MEIKO (VBS): When this wall comes down, you'll get to hear all that music.
MEIKO (VBS): And through that, you'll get to learn new things and continue to grow.
MEIKO (VBS): And that will help you stand on top of the world. That's what this place is for.
Kohane: Oh...
Kohane: I see...
Kohane: I can't explain why, MEIKO, but what you said is just what I needed to hear...
Kohane: We're going to surpass RAD WEEKEND, this wall will come down, we'll get to learn about all this music from around the world and keep growing...
Kohane: It's such an exciting thought! This place is going to be so incredible!
Luka (VBS): Haha! Look how bold you are, Kohane. You sound so eager to set out into the unknown.
Kohane: Y-You think so?
Kohane: But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: No... You might be right.
Luka (VBS): Oh, look at the time! We should start making our way back to the plaza.
Kohane: Okay! Let's go meet back up with everyone, MEIKO, Luka!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000270/bg_s000270.webp)
Kohane: (I'm so glad we came here.)
Kohane: (I knew that surpassing RAD WEEKEND wasn't going to be easy.)
Kohane: (But I'm so excited about what we're going to see once this wall comes down.)
Kohane: (All that's left is for us to do it.)
Kohane: (We're going to break down this wall! Together!)
(White cut)
(Video: link_street_ed4)
(Black cut)
