25_Airi Momoi_R1 Unyielding Idol Spirit

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Middle School Student A: Excuse me!
Middle School Student B: Are you Airi Momoi?!
Airi: Yes?
Middle School Student A: I knew it! Um, could you shake hands with me, please?!
Airi: I'm sorry, but I'm no longer... Oh!
Airi: Is that keychain on your bag...?
Middle School Student A: Yes! We bought it when we went to your show last year!
Middle School Student B: We're huge fans of yours, so we both got the same keychain but in different colors!
Airi: (I see. They don't see me as a variety show talent, but a proper idol...)
Airi: I guess it can't be helped. Specially for you, okay?
Middle School Student A & B: Thank you!
Airi: No, thank YOU for your support!
Middle School Student A: By the way, you're in Miyamasuzaka Girls, the same school that Shizuku from Cheerful * Days is also attending, right?
Airi: Yes, but why do you ask?
Middle School Student B: Then that was definitely Shizuku just now.
Airi: Wait, you met Shizuku too?
Middle School Student B: No, we just caught sight of her. The situation didn't seem too good so we didn't call out to her... I hope everything's okay now.
Airi: Hey, can you tell me what happened?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama Street]

Airi: They said it was around here... Ah! There she is!
Girl: Ugh... Waaaaaah haah!
Shizuku: Um... It's okay. Where's your mommy?
Shizuku: I don't think I'm doing this right... How can I get her to stop crying?
Airi: What are you doing, Shizuku?!
Shizuku: Airi! Well, this little girl was crying, so I...
Airi: I can see that. Nevermind, let me handle this.
Airi: There, there. Why are you crying? Did something scary happen?
Airi: Don't worry, we'll help you! But you need to calm down first and tell us what happened, okay?
Shizuku: (Ah... She's slowly calming down from the bawling...)
Airi: Right, you got lost, huh? And you've been trying hard to handle it all by yourself. But you'll be fine now with us!
Shizuku: (Oh, thank goodness... She stopped crying.)
Airi: I know! How about I sing a happy song for you?
Airi: Here goes!
(Black cut)
Girl: I saw that song on TV before!
Girl: Huh? I've seen you and the other lady on TV before too.
Airi: Well, we often sing this song on music programs... Oh!
Airi: Hey, look. That woman's running towards us.
Shizuku: Maybe she's...
Girl: Mommy!
Mom: Thank goodness! I was looking all over for you!
Mom: I'm sorry for the trouble my child was causing... Huh? A-Aren't you both idols?
Airi: (Yeah, it's really obvious if we don't disguise ourselves.)
Airi: Yes, that's us. But please don't worry about it. We couldn't ignore a crying child, that's all.
Mom: I'm really grateful that you helped my daughter out. Come on, say thank you too.
Girl: Thank you, idol ladies! And bye bye!
Airi: Bye bye!
Shizuku: Bye bye...
Airi: Phew, at any rate, I'm just glad she found her mother.
Shizuku: You're amazing, Airi. I wasn't able to do anything at all.
Airi: Well, I'm quite used to dealing with kids since I have a younger sister.
Airi: Wait, you have a younger sister too. You've never had to comfort her before?
Shizuku: She's only one year younger, so I've actually not seen her cry before.
Shizuku: She's strong...unlike me.
Airi: Huh? Did you say something?
Shizuku: No, it's nothing.
Airi: Hm...
Airi: Anyway, didn't you have a job today?
Shizuku: Ah, right. I have to go now. I'll see you tomorrow.
Airi: See you tomorrow.
Airi: Sigh...
Airi: You stick to it, Shizuku. Especially since you're being allowed to do proper idol activities...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Airi: Okay, substitute the X here with a 3, and then...
Airi: (Ugh, this practical exercise is so hard...)
Shizuku: ...
Airi: (What? Her pen's on the table? Does that mean she's already solved the question?!)
Airi: (I need to hurry up!)
Teacher: Okay, for this question... Momoi. Come out and solve it for us.
Airi: O-Okay!
(Black cut)

[After class]

Airi: Phew... I'm glad I got it right even though I wasn't sure!
Airi: (Did Shizuku solve that question too?)
Airi: Hey, what's this?!
Shizuku: Hm? What's what?
Airi: You've only written down the questions in your notebook!
Airi: Doesn't look like you've solved any of them or written down any of the answers on the blackboard either!
Shizuku: Well, I didn't really understand the questions, so...
Airi: Look, even if you didn't understand, you should've at least copied down what was on the blackboard! How are you going to review the exercises now?
Shizuku: Ah, you're right. I should... Oh. They've been erased.
Airi: Oh, you... Here, take my notebook and copy what I have. Hurry up.
Shizuku: Are you sure?
Airi: I'm giving it to you because I am, duh!
Shizuku: Thank you!
Airi: Yeah, yeah, just copy it quickly.
Shizuku: I will! Um...
Airi: Hm?
Shizuku: This becomes this...because of this?
Airi: Why do you keep stopping? Just copy what you see!
Shizuku: But it won't be proper studying if I don't understand why this formula is being used here.
Airi: That's just so like you, I guess...
Shizuku: This one becomes like this... Hm?
Shizuku: Huh? Maybe it's wrong?
Airi: Seriously! This is annoying!
Shizuku: Airi?
Airi: The correct way is to apply this to this part here.
Airi: Then calculate it like this and you'll get the answer.
Shizuku: Oh, I see... So that's how to make it work!
Airi: Understand now? Then finish copying the rest of the questions quickly!
Shizuku: Okay! Apply this here...
Airi: Hm...
Shizuku: And then use this on...huh?
Airi: ...
Shizuku: ...
Airi: Sigh... Fine, I get it. I'll teach you, so stop staring at me with those puppy eyes.
Shizuku: What? I had puppy eyes?
Airi: That's what I saw! Anyway, here, stare at this notebook if you have to stare at something!
Airi: You're really such a handful.
(Black cut)
