26_Airi Momoi_R2 MORE MORE JUMP!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shopping Mall]

Airi: Hehe! A new issue of the major idol mag I've been waiting for is coming out today! But first...
Airi: This magazine has a feature on newcomer idols. That's going on my reading list too.
Airi: Oh, hold on... But this one comes with a neat poster featuring high school idols in casual clothing...
Airi: The solution to this difficult choice is to...buy both!
???: Um... Airi?
Airi: Huh? Are you one of my fans? Don't be shy, if you want a handshake or a photo of me, you can just ask...
Airi: Hey, it's just you!
Shizuku: Phew, I didn't mistake someone else for you. Airi, you look different today. I didn't immediately recognize you.
Airi: I wear a disguise so that I don't attract unwanted attention!
Airi: Why aren't you in disguise?
Shizuku: Do I need it?
Airi: Sure you do! Especially with your height, people's eyes are naturally drawn to you...
Customer: Look, doesn't that girl look familiar?
Customer: Huh, is that Shizuku Hinomori? I can't believe it!
Airi: (There it starts. People have noticed her!)
Airi: Uh, at least stick your head in a magazine and pretend you're reading...
Shizuku: Aw, this title brings back memories.
Shizuku: They sometimes published articles about us when we were still rookies, remember?
Airi: How could I forget. But it was you who got us in the spotlight...
Airi: Forget that! Your face! Cover your face! 
Shizuku: Um, Airi...
Airi: Not now, Shizuku. Cover your—
Shizuku: Um, technically we're in a store, but it's still a bookstore, so maybe we should keep it down...
Airi: And who do you think triggered me?!
Customer: I may be wrong, but isn't that Airi Momoi next to her?
Airi: Oh no...
Customer: Is that her? I used to really like her. Her reactions were very funny.
Airi: (He thought I was funny?)
Shizuku: Airi?
Airi: Let's just go outside before we cause a scene at the store!
Shizuku: But...weren't you buying magazines?
Airi: I'll come back later. Shizuku, put these on for now.
Shizuku: A hat and sunglasses? Are you letting me borrow them?
Airi: I need you to keep a low profile, so yeah. Let's get out of here.
(Black cut)
Airi: We should be safe here. No one followed us out.
Airi: Shizuku, please make sure to wear at least a basic disguise when going out.
Airi: You even blew my cover by talking to me.
Shizuku: I'm sorry...
Shizuku: I was so happy to see you, I spoke to you without thinking.
Airi: Ugh...
Airi: It's... It's okay, if you understand why it was wrong. And I don't mind getting my mags sometime later.
Airi: I had nothing else planned for today, so I'm going to head back home.
Shizuku: Airi, wait. I was going lipstick shopping. Would you like to come with me?
Shizuku: You could help me choose a color that'd suit me.
Airi: Sheesh, can't you pick it yourself?
Shizuku: Does it mean...you're not coming?
Airi: Now you're making me feel bad. Fine, I'll come! Count it as a favor!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Airi: Hi, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Good morning, Airi.
Shizuku: Thank you for helping me choose a new lipstick. I'm loving the new color.
Airi: Oh, that? Sure, glad I helped, and I bought one for myself too.
Shizuku: By the way, I have something for you.
Airi: For me? What is it?
Shizuku: These are the magazines you were going to buy before I interrupted you at the bookstore, correct?
Airi: What, you bought them for me?!
Shizuku: I felt I owed you this, since you couldn't get them at the time because of me.
Airi: You didn't need to...
Airi: But well, since you already bought them. You can read them with me until the teacher comes.
Shizuku: Is that okay?
Airi: Why are you even asking me? You bought them.
Shizuku: Hehe. Thanks!
Airi: Both have interesting feature articles this month.
Airi: This one's about newcomers to the idol scene. I really wanted to check out all these newbies.
Airi: And here you have an article about high school idols, with a poster of them in casual clothes. That's the selling point: the rare sight of them dressed in their usual stuff.
Shizuku: Hehe. I've got quite a bit of history with this magazine, too.
Airi: Like when they did one on you when you were in training?
Shizuku: Uh huh. We did a long photoshoot then.
Airi: But it's this one that did more for your publicity.
Shizuku: Are you sure?
Airi: The other one published lots of your photos, that's true.
Airi: But this one had proper feature-length articles about you and interviews.
Shizuku: Now that you mentioned it, yes, that's right.
Airi: Well, I mean, they also did visual campaigns, like the swimsuit shoot, since it's important to cater to the audience...
Airi: But when you debuted in your group, they did a feature on you dressed casually, and had a poster series of you playing with cats.
Airi: What, don't you remember?
Shizuku: Hmm... I did something like that, didn't I...
Airi: You only vaguely remember the legendary campaign which got you so many devoted fans?!
Airi: They were even demanding to see it again. It was huge!
Shizuku: Really? You're so well-informed.
Airi: Of course I am! I've followed every single of your campaigns! I've trawled all the bookstores for magazines featuring you...
Airi: Oh, uh...
Shizuku: You did all that to support me?
Airi: I... I wasn't! I was researching you for reference!
Airi: I was reading about all sorts of stuff, like articles about groups which were expected to become big...
Shizuku: That reminds me about what you said when I quit being an idol before...
Shizuku: You said I had an aura about me, and that you couldn't bear for me to step down from the stage...
Airi: Lalalalala! I can't hear you!
Shizuku: You got terribly worked up about me quitting.
Airi: I'm not listening! This conversation is over. OVER!
Shizuku: Airi...
Airi: Can you stop looking at me like I'm your loyal fan or something?!
Shizuku: Hehehe...
Airi: Stop giving me that look!
(Black cut)
