27_Airi Momoi_R3 Follow Your Dreams!

Gacha phrase: Minori! Your rhythm's off!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: One, two, three, four... Minori! You're the only one not keeping up with the tempo!
Minori: O-Okay!
Airi: Watch Shizuku, Haruka, and myself carefully. The turn should be done at this timing!
Airi: One more time from the top!
Minori: Okay!
(Black cut)
Airi: Phew. This should do for today.
Minori: Huff... Huff... You're just amazing, Airi...
Minori: Your body doesn't shift around unnecessarily when you're dancing, and every move you make is so crisp...
Airi: Hmph, of course!
Minori: What did you think of my dancing?
Airi: It wasn't too bad.
Airi: Well, you still need more practice to get the finer details of your poses right, but...
Airi: Keep this up and you'll be ready for our new song release!
Minori: R-Really? Am I really doing okay?
Airi: Why're you looking so unsure?
Minori: Because this will be our first time singing live on TV, right? I get so nervous when I think about how I just can't make any mistakes...
Airi: It doesn't matter if we're on TV or not. As long as we're performing on a stage, we can't afford to make mistakes. It's all or nothing.
Minori: Ugh... Y-You're absolutely right...
Airi: So stop feeling nervous and start thinking about the people who will be listening to our songs.
Airi: You'd naturally be able to perform well by doing that.
Minori: Got it!
Shizuku: ...
Haruka: ...
Airi: Wh-What is it, you two? If you've got something to say, just spit it out!
Minori: They must be feeling so moved by your great advice!
Minori: Master! Please teach me more idol secrets!
Airi: Idol secrets... Hmph. Very well.
Airi: I'm the best person to ask about all things idol-related!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Airi: Ah!
Airi: Huh? Did I... Was that a dream?
Airi: (Oh, right... I fell asleep after having lunch...)
Airi: (A dream about being in an idol group with Minori, Haruka, and Shizuku... What a dream that was.)
Airi: Oh yeah! I was supposed to go watch Minori practice.
Airi: (It was just a dream. I'm not an idol anymore. The only thing I can do now is support Minori.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop)
Airi: Sorry I'm late.
Minori: Ah, Momoi!
Minori: Thank you for coming here again to help me today! I was just showing Hinomori my dance routine.
Airi: I see.
Minori: She taught me a few things, but they're all so difficult... Can you watch my dance routine too?
Airi: ...
Airi: Very well. I'm really strict, though. I hope you have what it takes!
Minori: I do!
Airi: (I'm no longer an idol. What I saw in my dream will never happen, but...)
Airi: (I'm allowed to help someone else with their dream, right?)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: One, two, three, four... Minori! You were too slow at that part!
Minori: O-Okay!
Airi: Watch Shizuku, Haruka, and myself carefully. The turn should be done at...
Airi: Huh?
Airi: (Didn't I dream about this scene before?)
Airi: (We'd formed an idol group and were practicing our dance routine for a TV performance of our new song...)
Airi: (It's the same practice scene, but it's gonna take a while for us to reach the TV part in my dream.)
Airi: (But the part about forming a group together did come true! So I'm sure the rest of the dream will also one day...)
Shizuku: What's the matter, Airi?
Airi: N-Nothing!
Shizuku: Are you sure? You seemed quite pleased about something...
Airi: I said it's nothing! Come on, let's practice again. We should do that part just now one more time.
Minori: Okay!
Haruka: Agreed.
Shizuku: Yes.
Airi: Okay, are you ready? One, two, three, four...
Minori: Huh?
Shizuku: Huh?
Haruka: Stop. Minori and Shizuku, your steps were a little off.
Minori: I-I'm so sorry! I'm really bad at this part...
Shizuku: Me too. This part is quite hard. Is it...like this?
Airi: Not quite. The choreography for this part should be like this!
Minori: L-Like this?
Shizuku: How was that?
Airi: No, no! Oh, for goodness' sake...
Haruka: We should practice separately. I'll teach Minori. Airi, you teach Shizuku.
Airi: I guess that's for the best. Fine.
Minori: Th-Thank you so much, Haruka!
Shizuku: I'm sorry, Airi...
Haruka: While we're at it, why don't we have a little competition? Let's see which pair gets the hang of it faster.
Haruka: The losing pair has to buy juice for the winning pair. What do you think?
Minori: Huh? Competition?
Shizuku: Oh my...
Airi: That's an interesting idea. It'll be good motivation for both the teacher and student.
Haruka: Exactly. I used to have these little competitions with the other members of ASRUN, too, in the past.
Haruka: Nobody likes to lose, so you'll learn a lot faster this way.
Minori: Ugh... Something like collective responsibility, then? I-I have to buck up!
Haruka: I'm counting on you, Minori.
Minori: Yes! And I'm counting on you too, Haruka!
Airi: Let's give this our best shot, Shizuku! As former idols, we can't let Minori beat us so easily!
Shizuku: Yes, of course.
Airi: You're too laid-back! Put some spirit into it!
Airi: You have natural talent and look better on stage than anyone else, so get those dance moves right, you hear?
Shizuku: Hehe...
Airi: Hey, what's so funny?
Shizuku: I'm sorry. I just remembered that you encouraged me like this too, when I was still an idol trainee.
Shizuku: The people around would say looks were my only strength because I couldn't dance very well during practice.
Shizuku: Whereas you would just scold me like you did just now. I was really happy you did...
Airi: Th-That did happen... I've had to babysit you since such a long time ago, huh?
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you for always doing that, Airi.
Airi: Heh...
Airi: (Shizuku's not just about looks. She has the disposition and talent to become an amazing idol.)
Airi: (And she puts in a lot of hard work to make that come true. That's why I viewed her as a rival I had to beat.)
Airi: I'm the one getting pushed to become better by you.
Shizuku: Huh? Did you just say something?
Airi: Nope! Come on, let's start practicing now!
(Black cut)
