129_Airi Momoi_R4 Always Looking Ahead (event_5)

Gacha phrase: You reminded me of something important.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

[Airi's Room]

Airi: Let's see, where's my notebook... I thought I put it inside this box. And the magazines should at the back of the bookshelf, I think?
Airi: (I never thought the notes I kept from when I was still in QT would come in handy one day...)
Airi: Huh? The magazines aren't on the bookshelf. But I definitely put them here... Or did I store them in a box too?
Airi: Ugh... I don't even know where I put what anymore...!
Airi: Looks like I just have to sort this all out.
Airi: I'll start with this box and... Hey, this hairpiece is from one of our release events!
Airi: And the autograph on this CD! It's the one I messed up during that event!
Airi: (I was so nervous that I signed it wrong. Hehe, sure brings back memories...)
Airi: Hmm, and this box... Ah! The idol merch that I collected a long time ago!
Airi: Which means, that CD should be somewhere around...
Airi: Here!
Airi: (Rainbow Garland... The CD by the first idol I became a fan of!)
Airi: Phew... The autograph I got during the meet and greet is still in good shape too.
Airi: (Hehe. I was a wild tomboy that got into fights every day back then, but I dressed up nicely just for that occasion.)
Airi: (I desperately kept trying to catch a glimpse of them by standing on my toes as I stood in line with my CD in hand...)
Airi: I was so nervous too... Oh, the nostalgia...
Airi: Come to think of it, I sort of felt that same excitement when I saw Rin's show.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Airi: Hehe. Between Rin and this CD, it really feels like I'm ready to restart...!
Airi: Let's do this!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next morning]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Morning!
Airi: Oh, wait... It's still way too early, so of course the others aren't here yet.
Airi: (Hehe. I brought Rainbow Garland along today.)
Airi: I'll use it to do some warm-ups before the others get here.... And, play!
Airi: One, two, three, four... And turn...!
Airi: (I did this routine so many times when I was in elementary school, my body still remembers it.)
Shizuku: Hm? Airi?
Haruka: I heard music and thought someone might be here already. Have you already started practicing?
Minori: W-Were you waiting that long...?!
Airi: Nah, I just got here a second ago.
Airi: I found an old CD while I was cleaning my room yesterday and was using some of its songs for warm-up.
Haruka: Oh, I see...
Minori: Wait, Airi...! This is Rainbow Garland, right?!
Airi: Yeah! Wait, how did you know?
Minori: Hehe. I really loved this song too♪
Airi: Really?! The truth is, the idol who sang this song was the very first idol I became a fan of.
Minori: Wow! So you really looked up to this idol!
Airi: Well... They were more of a kick-starter as opposed to how much Haruka means to you, Minori.
Airi: But because of this idol, I started to learn about and like a lot of other idols.
Minori: I see!
Airi: But yeah... If this idol never came into my life, I guess I wouldn't be here today...
Haruka: Really?
Airi: Yeah. I mean, when I was little, I was always picking fights with bullies in my neighborhood.
Minori: F-Fights?!
Shizuku: Oh, now that you mention it... You told me something like that before when you were just starting out.
Shizuku: There was this boy who kept picking on Airi's little sister.
Haruka: And that was why she kept getting into those fights. It's very you...
Airi: Hehe. Just so you know, I never lost! Not even once!
Minori: Haha, and that's so like you too!
Shizuku: Say, Airi... I'd like to try dancing to that song too. Would you mind if I joined you?
Airi: Huh? Uh, sure but... Why?
Shizuku: Because it's full of fond memories for you.
Airi: Shizuku...
Haruka: Yeah. And trying to learn dance moves on the spot would make for good practice too.
Airi: Right... In that case, shall we dance?
Minori: Yes! And I still remember some of it too. I think this part was...
Minori: Something like this...?
Airi: Stop, that's not it! You're legs and waist aren't doing anything!
Airi: Watch, okay? We're gonna do this right. First, use your waist to get into rhythm! Then you swing your arms along while moving your feet!
Minori: Wow! It looks so much more polished!
Airi: Of course it does!
Airi: Now! I hope you're all ready! I'm not going easy on any of you!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Airi: Humhumhuuum♪
Airi: (Man, this song has fantastic lyrics! The melody too...! You can't help but smile while listening to it!)
Shizuku: Airi, what are you listening to today?
Airi: Oh, Shizuku. Wanna listen? Here, take one of my earphones.
Shizuku: Sure. Thank you.
Shizuku: Oh, it's Rin! I was assumed you were listening to another idol group...
Airi: I've been trying to listen to more songs by VIRTUAL SINGERS lately.
Shizuku: Oh, I see... Any reasons why?
Airi: Does it have to do with meeting Miku and Rin in SEKAI?
Airi: I've known about VIRTUAL SINGERS and the that they've got some great songs, but never really took the time to actually listen...
Airi: After meeting Rin and Miku, I got to thinking that maybe the VIRTUAL SINGERS and us idols aren't all that different.
Shizuku: True. Especially since Miku and Rin are both idols too.
Airi: Right... The Miku and Rin we met in SEKAI are idols like us, but it's not just because of that...
Airi: I think the VIRTUAL SINGERS that most people are familiar with are like idols too, in a way.
Shizuku: Ah, I understand what you mean! Hehe. There are so many different versions of Miku, it's hard to keep track of them all.
Airi: Are you sure you really understand...?
Shizuku: But what did you mean when you said the VIRTUAL SINGERS are like idols?
Airi: Well... You remember what we learned in English class the other day? That the word idol comes from the word icon.
Shizuku: And how they are people that command the admiration and respect of others...
Airi: Yup. So based on that literal meaning...
Airi: An idol doesn't have to belong to an agency, perform on a stage or even appear on TV to be considered a real idol.
Shizuku: That may be true... But...
Airi: I know... That sort of idol would be very different from what people generally expect an idol to be.
Airi: But...
Airi: If MORE MORE JUMP! can't make it by being what people generally expect and idol to be then...
Airi: I'm prepared to abandon being a conformist completely.
Airi: As long as the four of us are together... I really believe that we can become idols as MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: Airi...
Airi: Oh, sorry... I was on a roll there, huh?
Shizuku: No, it's okay. I'm happy to know that you've been thinking so seriously about this.
Airi: Well, the future of MORE MORE JUMP! is on the line here. It's the least I can do!
Airi: Anyway, our goal right now is to find the best way for us to actually be idols!
Shizuku: Yes! And we'll definitely find it... Together.
(Black cut)
