162_Airi Momoi_R4 Sweet Moment (event_11)

Gacha phrase: What sort of fortune is this?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Diner]

Shizuku: Okay, Airi! Order anything you like!
Airi: Sure, thanks... But you're really okay with paying?
Shizuku: Of course. You're the one who helped me find my answer, so think of this as a token of my appreciation.
Airi: You don't have to do all this, you know.
Airi: (Well, I guess she does seem to be having fun. Plus, I can't pass up an opportunity to enjoy this Japanese sweets fair.)
Airi: Then I guess I'll have to take you up on your offer. But they all look so good... I don't know which one to get.
Shizuku: In that case, we can just get one of each? Excuse me.
Airi: Hey, hold on! There's no way the two of us can eat that many! Oh, sorry about that! Could we have just a moment please?
(Black cut)
Airi: Oh, these look delicious!
Shizuku: They sure do. Mmm... I haven't had anmitsu in quite some time. It's delicious.
Airi: This matcha parfait is really good too. Wanna try some?
Shizuku: Sure. Here, you can have some of mine too. And try this warabimochi parfait as well.
Airi: Don't mind if I do.
Airi: (We ended up getting a lot but it looks like we won't have any trouble finishing it all.)
Shizuku: Oh, Airi. There's something that's been bothering me for a while.
Airi: Hm? What's that?
Shizuku: You compared me to a swan before that one time.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Airi: Yeah, I remember... What about it?
Shizuku: If I'm a swan, I was wondering what animal you would be. I've been thinking about it for some time, but I just can't seem to find the perfect fit.
Airi: The perfect animal, huh? Wasn't there some fortunetelling thing that matches you to an animal?
Shizuku: Oh, there was. But I can't remember where I saw it...
Airi: I'm sure a quick search will tell us. Now where'd my phone go?
Airi: Oh, here it is! How about we both give it a try?
Shizuku: Okay!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Phew... That took longer than I expected!
Airi: Seriously... How does it take you ten whole minutes to answer a few simple questions?
Airi: Anyway, what animal did you get?
Shizuku: Let's see. It says here I'm a rhinoceros.
Airi: A rhinoceros?! Definitely not what I would've gone with, but what does it say about you?
Shizuku: Let's see... As a rhinoceros, you are a hard worker whose strong desire to improve yourself drives you towards achieving your goals.
Airi: Huh. I see... That's actually pretty on the nose.
Shizuku: However, when you have no interest in something, it shows on the surface, and you also tend to bumble around carelessly.
Airi: Huh?
Shizuku: Furthermore, you know exactly what you like or dislike and have a strongly fixate on the things you like.
Shizuku: I-I didn't realize... Is this the real me?
Airi: No! There's no way...!
Shizuku: You don't think so? What does yours say, Airi?
Airi: It says that I'm a lion.
Shizuku: Oh, that's a great animal. They're so strong but fluffy too.
Airi: I guess they are cats after all, so they're not completely lacking for cuteness.
Airi: Let's see... As a lion, your strong sense of justice makes you a natural leader. You also have a strong, rebellious spirit and are unbending in terms of what you believe in.
Airi: Furthermore, you also take great care when it comes to your outward appearance.
Shizuku: Wow! That's very accurate!
Airi: Yeah, I guess so. There's still more.
Airi: However, your unyielding personality negatively affects your ability to flourish in the real world.
Airi: An inability to compromise with others means you will have great difficulty succeeding in the workplace.
Airi: You also tend to set your expectations too high, so it may be best to reassess your goals in life.
Airi: Try your best to strive for something realistic and reachable...?!
Shizuku: A-Airi, please calm down...
Airi: I-I am calm...
Airi: (Shizuku's was way off, so why is it that mine is actually somewhat accurate? This isn't funny.)
Airi: There were a few questions that I wasn't sure how to answer, so maybe we can try again.
Shizuku: Hehe.
Airi: Hey, what's so funny?
Shizuku: You just reminded me of when we were idols-in-training. Do you remember that time we all went to visit the shrine during New Year's?
Shizuku: You got a fortune that said, great curse, so you kept pulling new ones until you got one that said, great blessing.
Airi: H-Hey! Why do you remember stuff like that?!
Airi: Just forget about that, will you? It's definitely not something I want to remember.
Shizuku: Really? I admire how you're never dissuaded and always try to push forward, no matter what.
Shizuku: I thought I could learn a lot by following your example.
Airi: Huh?
Airi: If that's what you want to do, then be my guest.
Shizuku: I will! In that case, I think I'll take the quiz one more time as well.
Shizuku: This time, I'll do my best to get something that matches perfectly!
Airi: That's the example you're going to follow? And it's not really a fortune if you manipulate it to make it match...
Shizuku: ...
Airi: (Whatever. As long as she's having fun, I guess...)
Shizuku: Oh, Airi. It looks like I won some sort of raffle.
Shizuku: It says, You're today's lucky winner! Answer a few easy questions and get a free appliance!
Airi: What?! W-Wait, Shizuku! That's definitely just a scam!
Shizuku: Let's see. Do I just tap here and...?
Airi: STOP! I just said that's a scam! Quick, get away from that site!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Airi: Alright, everyone's here!
Haruka: Yes. Let's discuss our plans for the next livestream.
Airi: We've come up with a lot of different ideas. Which one do you think we should go with?
Shizuku: What do you think about going with Minori's idea for behind-the-scenes videos?
Haruka: I think it's a great idea. We never really get the chance to show those kind of things as idols, so I'm sure the fans will find it interesting.
Minori: Yeah! I thought so too! That's why I suggested it!
Airi: But you actually suggested it because you want to see what Haruka's like, don't you?
Minori: Hahaha... Why would I...?
Airi: Oh, Minori... Regardless, it's still a good idea.
Airi: But I have an extra suggestion regarding this. How about we turn it into a series instead of just making it a one-time thing?
Shizuku: A series?
Airi: Yeah. A lot of the ideas we've had for material so far have kind of been one-and-done deals, right?
Airi: Which is great, don't get me wrong. You can watch them in any order, so it's super easy for new viewers to join at any time.
Airi: But I think coming up with a different idea every single time is gonna exhaust us really quickly.
Minori: O-Oh, you have a point...!
Haruka: We've had plenty of these planning meetings, but it's true that our content is all starting to meld together.
Airi: I was thinking the exact same thing. Which is where this idea for a series comes in!
Airi: Even variety shows on TV bring back their most popular segments over and over again, right? Think of it like that.
Minori: That makes sense! But do you think we can come up with something so interesting that people will want to keep watching it?
Shizuku: That does seem rather difficult...
Airi: Don't worry! I think we can make pretty much anything work as long as we decide on an overarching theme.
Airi: Maybe something like... A My First Attempt! theme. The first episode could be about cooking, the second could be sewing and stuff like that!
Shizuku: Oh, cooking and sewing together does actually sounds like a lot of fun.
Airi: This is just an example, okay?
Airi: The goal of this series would be to have the fans get to know more about us by having a theme that lets us be ourselves.
Shizuku: Oh, really? I was hoping to try a nice tofu dish with everyone.
Airi: That's not the point. We can do that another time.
Airi: So what do you say? Wanna try coming up with some ideas for a series?
Minori: Yeah! But we need to come up with a theme first, right?
Airi: That's right. Maybe it'll help to think of something you want to do as a group!
Shizuku: Something we want to do as a group...?
Shizuku: Hehe. I know what I want to do. I'd love to go to Phoenix Wonderland together.
Shizuku: I've been wanting to spend a whole day there with everyone here.
Airi: You just went straight for something on your personal to-do list, huh...? Well, at least you're starting to get the idea, so keep 'em coming!
(Black cut)
Airi: Wow, that's a lot more than I was expecting!
Airi: This should be plenty of material to test out alongside our usual one-offs!
Airi: We can take the most popular ones and keep running with them...
Haruka: But I feel that we could expand on some of our other videos with follow-up episodes as well.
Airi: Yeah. And maybe we could have a little competition to see whose idea does the best!
Airi: Hehe. This is gonna be fun!
Minori: I think so too! It's like we're really producing a show!
Airi: Well, that's because we are.
Airi: We're making our very own channel for the fans to enjoy!
Airi: (I never expected that having experience with all those variety shows would turn out to be so helpful like this.)
Airi: (They say you never know when a skill might come in handy. I guess they're right.)
Minori: Airi, is that it for today's meeting?
Airi: Let's see... Why don't we go ahead and decide on an order for all of these ideas?
Airi: In other words, it'll be our program schedule. It's just as important, so let's give it some real thought!
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
