194_Airi Momoi_R2 What I Can Do For Them (event_17)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Airi: (A joint stream, huh...?)
Airi: (I'm glad Haruka knows a lot of people but...)
Shizuku: Airi, thank you for waiting.
Airi: You're all done with committee stuff?
Shizuku: Yes, we are. Also, you'd like to talk here instead of in class?
Airi: Yeah, um... Can you take a look at this? It has to do with what I'd like to do for our next video...
Airi: Everything so far is getting a decent number of views, but there's one thing that's been bothering me...
Shizuku: Is this about Minori?
Airi: Yeah. I sort of had a feeling this would happen, but she's really been getting short-changed...
Shizuku: But that's normal since we're still just starting out, right?
Airi: You're right, but I have to think Minori sort of feels the same way regardless of how much she's smiling...
Shizuku: I see. She even watches and rewatches each video to find out where she needs to improve so...
Airi: ...
Shizuku: Airi?
Airi: I was hoping to come up with a way to show everyone that Minori has just as much to offer as the rest of us, you know?
Airi: I'm hoping that we can use the joint stream Haruka set up for us can act as a sort of springboard...
Shizuku: ...
Airi: Wait, why are you grinning?
Shizuku: I'm glad that we had the same idea.
Shizuku: I want everyone to see just how wonderful Minori is as well.
Airi: The same idea, huh?
Shizuku: Airi?
Airi: Well, you say that it's the same idea, but I've sort of been where she is now.
Airi: I went through this long period where no one saw me as a real idol. No one wanted me around.
Shizuku: ...
Airi: I don't want her to experience what I did.
Airi: That's my motive.
Shizuku: Airi...
Airi: And...
Airi: More than anyone else, Minori wants to give everyone hope for tomorrow.
Airi: She gave us all the courage to stand back up and become idols again.
Airi: If people start to understand that, they'll all come flocking to her!
Airi: That's why...!
Shizuku: ...
Airi: Whoa... I really got worked up there, didn't I?
Shizuku: I understand exactly how you feel, Airi.
Airi: R-Really? I guess, good then...
Shizuku: But please let me know if you need any help, okay?
Airi: Shizuku...
Airi: Of course! We're gonna do everything we can for her sake!
Airi: Now, about what I had in mind. I was thinking we could share something we're each good at...
Airi: Then...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Our show was a huge success, and I was thinking we could talk about what to do next but...
Airi: Minori's still not here. Again!
Haruka: Yes. It's her day to care for the animals today, so she'll be running late.
Airi: Should we wait until she gets here?
Shizuku: Hehe. You're so fired up, Airi.
Airi: Of course I am! We put on a great show, and we're finally getting off the ground!
Airi: Oh, also! Our show reminded me of something! I want you all to take a look at this...
Haruka: Hm?
Airi: I was going through the comments people posted about our show and finally found this...
Haruka: Oh, they're talking about Minori...
Haruka: This person said, It's pretty amazing how she learned to dance like that in such a short amount of time, isn't it?
Shizuku: They're starting to see just how hard she works.
Haruka: They are. Honestly, there should be more people commenting on how well she did.
Haruka: Oh, that's right. I found this too...
Haruka: Look. This is from someone's blog...
Airi: This person looks like they're a fan of a lot of different idols. Let's see...
Airi: Is the newbie idol, Minori Hanasato, there to create buzz for the group...?
Airi: Including one girl who has no professional experience in the business may be a ploy to attract attention to the group.
Airi: I was under this impression and believed that others may be as well.
Shizuku: However, the joint stream and show they recently put on seems to prove otherwise.
Shizuku: The other members of the group seem to solemnly believe in her based on that performance. At least, that is now my understanding.
Airi: Whoa, this person's got a good eye! Thank you, that's what we've been trying to say!
Shizuku: Hehe. I think I'll start looking for comments and posts about Minori too.
Airi: Oh, let's all look her up online while we wait for her to get here!
Haruka: Okay. Let's find as much as we can and give her the good news.
Haruka: No, that's not her...
Airi: Hmm... Her name alone might not be enough. Maybe a different keyword or something will...
Shizuku: Airi...
Airi: I know, I know. You're not sure how to look things up, right? Here, give me your phone...
Shizuku: Thank you!
Airi: You go here and...
Shizuku: Okay. Press search and... Oh!
Shizuku: Look! There's a video about copying Minori's part of our dance routine!
Haruka: You're right! Someone already posted a video like this...?
Shizuku: Oh, there's a comment from the poster too.
Shizuku: They said, I keep messing up the same part! How on earth did Minori learn to do this...?!
Airi: Hehe. The answer is moxie, willpower and trying until you succeed!
Haruka: You sound so proud of her...
Shizuku: Hehe. Oh, Airi...
Haruka: Hey, I found another one too. Look, caricatures of us!
Airi: Wow, Minori's in the middle too!
Haruka: The person that posted this seems to be a big idol fan too. The fact that they put Minori in the middle means...
Airi: They have better eyes than all those dumb judges that kept failing Minori during her auditions!
Airi: It looks like they put a lot of effort into this too! It's almost as if they really care about her!
Haruka: Hehe. It's like you're staring into a mirror, Airi.
Shizuku: Airi actually mentioned something about Minori the other day, Haruka...
Shizuku: She said she doesn't want Minori to experience the same thing she did.
Haruka: ...
Shizuku: She was so worried about Minori too...
Haruka: I see, so that's why...
Haruka & Shizuku: ...
Airi: Hm? Why are you two grinning like that?
Haruka: Oh, nothing.
Shizuku: Hehe. Don't mind us.
Airi: That definitely means you're not telling me something...
Airi: Come on, out with it!
Haruka: Hehe. It's a secret...
Airi: You are hiding something!
Airi: Ugh! Just tell me already...!
(Black cut)
