218_Airi Momoi_R4 Unyielding Indomitable Spirit (event_22)

Gacha phrase: Time to flex my variety show muscles!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Ena Shinonome)

[Scramble Crossing]

Airi: Thanks for coming today, Ena. It was fun to actually be able to go out shopping like this with you again.
Ena: I had fun too. I'll ask Mizuki about the picnic too and let you know once I hear back.
Airi: Okay, thanks!
Shizuku: Then I guess we'll see you for the picnic!
Ena: Yeah, see you then!
Airi: Thanks for coming along today, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Oh, it was my pleasure.
Shizuku: Shinonome was so much fun to talk with too. Also, she's so stylish...
Airi: I know, right? She's had an eye for fashion since junior high!
Airi: I met her just as I was starting to get more work as an idol but...
Airi: That was before we became famous and didn't have other clothes besides my stage uniform. I was doing interviews in my street clothes too, but then I started talking to Ena about it...
Airi: She taught me about how people viewed me and what I can do to appear more fashionable.
Shizuku: I see.
Airi: But...
Airi: I wasn't able to help her when she kind of really needed it. Even after she'd helped me out so much.
Shizuku: Huh?
Airi: This was during junior high too...
Airi: It was the first time in a while that I was able to go to school and she said, I saw you on TV! I can't believe you really made your dream come true!
Airi: I felt so happy when she said that and I ended up saying something I shouldn't have...
Airi: I told her that, It's your turn now, Ena! As long as you work hard at it, your dreams will come true too!
Airi: She just went silent after that...
Shizuku: ...
Airi: I asked her if something was wrong, but she said it was nothing...
Airi: A while passed before I learned that she and her dad fought over what she wanted to do in life.
Shizuku: Oh, I see...
Airi: Those wounds still haven't really healed either...
Airi: Ena was always there for me from the start, but I couldn't do anything for her...
Shizuku: Airi...
Airi: That's why I want to help her now. I have to...!
Airi: It's also sort of why I roped you into this, Shizuku...
Shizuku: Oh, don't mind me. I'm the one that suggested we go on a little trip together in the first place.
Shizuku: It'd be my pleasure to help you and your friend out, Airi.
Airi: Thanks, Shizuku...
Airi: I'll be counting on you next week...!
Airi: Wait, uh oh... We haven't told Minori and Haruka that we'll be gone then!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: I know I'm just dropping this on you just as our videos are finally getting more attention. I don't like taking days off out of the blue like this either...
Airi: So I'm really sorry...!
Haruka: Airi, you don't have to apologize...
Minori: Yeah, it's not like you did anything wrong!
Minori: You're doing this for your friend, right? I think it's actually really nice!
Airi: Yeah, she kind of means a lot to me. She helped me become a real idol...
Airi: So I want to return the favor somehow...
Haruka: Actually, Airi... I have a friend like that too. We've known each other since elementary school.
Airi: You do...?
Haruka: I don't get to see her much anymore, but she was there to talk to me after I first quit, when we decided to form our group, everything...
Haruka: I understand just how important someone like that can be to you.
Haruka: So please, do what you can for them.
Airi: Haruka...
Minori: Yeah! We're on your side, so don't worry!
Airi: Minori... Thanks, you two...!
Shizuku: I'd like to thank you as well!
Minori: Hehe. You're very welcome!
Minori: That means it'll be just the two of us again, Haruka!
Haruka: Hmm... Practicing is good and all...
Haruka: But what if we went somewhere together too? Like, Phoenix Wonderland maybe...?
Minori: What?! T-T-T-Together?!
Haruka: Yes. This girl from the Sports Festival Planning Committee said that she's a cast member for one of the troupes there.
Haruka: I've been meaning to go see one of her shows, but haven't had a chance to yet...
Minori: B-But...
Airi: It's important that you take breaks too, Minori.
Shizuku: I agree. Since we're going on a picnic, you two should go out and enjoy yourselves as well.
Haruka: They seem to agree... So how about it?
Minori: Okay! If you're really alright with me going that is...!
Airi: Then it's settled! Let's make the most of this weekend!
Haruka: Yeah, let's!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Akito Shinonome, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Highlands]

Airi: It really is nice to have lunch in such a beautiful place. Everything taste so much better too!
Shizuku: I agree. It's so different compared to when we have lunch at school together.
Airi: Oh, speaking of which, you two go to the same school, right, Ena, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Yup, we sure do♪
Shizuku: Does that mean you see each other at school often?
Mizuki: Actually, we hardly ever see each other. Sleeping Beauty here goes to night school while I go during the day.
Ena: Hah, look who's talking! You only ever go when you feel like going!
Mizuki: Haha! Also, we're in different grades. Ena's a second year and I'm a first year.
Airi: That means you're the same year as Akito. Have you ever met him before?
Mizuki: Yeah, during the School Festival! We went around and saw a bunch of stuff together♪
Shizuku: Who's Akito?
Airi: Ena's little brother. He's pretty nice and way more mature than Ena.
Ena: You know that's all just an act, right? He's really a big jerk that doesn't show his older sister any respect.
Mizuki: But he hangs out with you and even does what you ask him to do, right?
Mizuki: Like that one time you two went to that cafe I told you about just to get cheesecake. Oh, and when you went to that place with the really good pancakes but only enough for the first ten people.
Ena: Y-Yeah... But...
Airi: Hehe. He even wakes you up in the morning when you really need him to.
Shizuku: That's so sweet. You two must be so close.
Ena: No, you're getting it all wrong...
Mizuki: You're blushing like crazy...! Wait, Airi, when did you first meet Ena's li'l bro?
Airi: During junior high. I met him when I was over at Ena's house one day.
Airi: I'll say hi to him every once in a while, but I haven't really talked to him since that other time...
Ena: Huh? What other time?
Airi: (Oh, right... Akito never told Ena about that...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[Back during junior high...]

[Vivid Street]

Airi: Ena won't tell me anything.
Airi: Every single time I ask her about what happened between her and your guys' dad, she just says, Nothing...
Airi: Or even, You made your dream come true, Airi, so you keep going...
Akito: ...
Airi: Ena was a huge part of me becoming an idol, but I haven't been able to give back at all. It feels like I haven't been there for her...
Airi: I know this might not sound right coming from me but...
Airi: I don't have anyone else that I can rely on like that... I don't think Ena does either...
Airi: So please... I need you to look after her...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: (Ena was the reason I was able to make the most of the opportunities I was given. She gave me the courage to really go for it.)
Airi: (I did everything I could as an idol and regret none of it.)
Airi: (But then I turned around and asked Akito to do something like that after sort of just leaving Ena behind...)
Airi: (I haven't talked to him since then, but I guess he's still keeping his promise to me...)
Airi: (Ena's not the type to just let someone struggle on their own, and I guess her little brother is no different...)
Ena: Airi...? Hey, Earth to Airi!
Airi: Huh...?
Ena: We sort of lost you there. Is something wrong?
Airi: No, it's nothing. I was just remembering something that happened a long time ago.
Ena: Uh, okay...
Airi: ...
Airi: (I've finally just started getting back on my feet as an idol, and the way we're doing things now, I might actually be able to help Ena.)
Airi: (In order to make that happen...)
Airi: (I need to do what I can to find out what's bothering Mizuki too!)
(Black cut)
Airi: Anyways, I'm stuffed. Shall we...?
Ena: Yeah. Hiking should help us walk off everything we just ate too...!
Shizuku: Yes, and let's make sure to have as much fun as we can while we do! 
Mizuki: Yeah!
(Black cut)
