226_Airi Momoi_R2 Perfect Sweets (event_23)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Airi: Haruka's idea worked out pretty well, didn't it?
Shizuku: Yes, it did...
Airi: So we gotta keep coming up with stuff to make our stream better and better!
Shizuku: ...
Airi: Um, Shizuku... Are you listening?
Shizuku: Oh, uh... I'm sorry... I was just thinking about something...
Airi: Are you tired? Is it because of our stream today? If so, you should rest as much as you can...
Shizuku: I appreciate the thought, Airi. That's actually not what's bothering me...
Airi: (So is this about Haruka...?)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Shizuku: But I'm sure it was quite a lot of work to get this idea together, wasn't it...?
Shizuku: Our practice went longer than usual yesterday and we all seemed to get home pretty late...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Airi: (She looked so worried even after we finished our stream...)
Shizuku: I'll be heading this way, so I'll see you tomorrow, Airi.
Airi: Oh... Yeah, see you tomorrow!
Airi: (I guess I'll just keep an eye on things for now...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Stage SEKAI]

Luka: Oh, if you're all okay with cooking... How about this...?
Airi: (This is turning into a pretty fun discussion...)
Airi: (Since MEIKO arrived in SEKAI, I feel like we've been able to talk things out with everyone more, yet...)
Airi: (Shizuku still seems worried...)
Airi: (Oh, MEIKO too...)
Airi: Hmm...
Luka: Airi, do you have a minute?
Airi: Oh, Luka. Sure, what is it?
Luka: About Shizuku... She seems incredibly worried about Haruka...
Airi: Yeah, I've noticed that too lately...
Luka: Oh, you too...?
Airi: Yes. The idea Haruka came up with the other day went really well...
Airi: But because she came up with it in just one night, Shizuku became worried that she might be pushing herself too hard.
Luka: I see...
Luka: Has there ever been a time when you thought Haruka was pushing herself too hard, Airi?
Airi: Hmm... Nothing immediately comes to mind...
Airi: That might be because Haruka's known for being a hard worker too...
Airi: No matter what, she'll practice and train every day without missing a beat.
Luka: Come to think of it, she's very strict about her diet too.
Airi: Exactly. I've even talked to her about finding time to relax and stuff...
Airi: But she told me that she does take breaks when she needs to.
Luka: And you believed her.
Airi: Well, yeah. She's Haruka Kiritani, the former leader of ASRUN.
Airi: There's no way she would've been able to make it that far without knowing how to balance her personal and professional lives.
Luka: Yes, I agree with you there...
Airi: Haruka even stayed on her diet even after she stopped being an idol because it was just a part of her routine by that point...
Airi: She said it would feel too strange if she didn't...
Luka: So being an idol was just simply what her life sort of was...
Airi: Yeah...
Airi: Haruka's a lot tougher than any of us realize...
Airi: That's why it never seemed like she was overdoing it or pushing herself too hard. I kind of feel bad for talking about it behind her back.
Luka: I see, but you're not actually sure yourself...
Airi: That's the thing...
Airi: Haruka back then was so good at what she did...
Airi: It's like she just always knew what to do in order to keep going as an idol...
Luka: ...
Airi: And she's still like that even now. I hate to say it, but she wouldn't be Haruka Kiritani otherwise...
Airi: But Shizuku knew Haruka a lot better than I did back then.
Airi: There might be something that Shizuku knows that I don't know about when it comes to Haruka...
Luka: Than why don't you talk to Shizuku to see if she does know something?
Airi: Yeah, that might be my best bet for now...
Airi: *Sigh*... It's great to finally have that off my chest.
Airi: Thanks for listening, Luka.
Luka: Oh, there's no need for that. I was just worried about Shizuku and Haruka is all.
Luka: Give Shizuku my regards, okay, Airi?
Airi: Of course! I'm not sure if I'll be of any help, but I'll try talking to her when I find the right time to...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Alright, for today's practice, we'll... Huh? Just you, Haruka...?
Haruka: For now. Minori said she'll be late because of a committee meeting.
Airi: Oh, okay. Same situation as Shizuku then. She said she had to attend a committee meeting too.
Airi: How about we just start with some stretches?
Haruka: Okay, sounds good.
Haruka: Oh, also... I'm not sure I thanked you yet, Airi.
Airi: Thank me? For what?
Haruka: For taking last Sunday off so that we could all go out shopping together. Shizuku told me that it was your idea.
Haruka: I've been meaning to tell you how much I appreciated your thought. Thank you, Airi.
Airi: It was nothing, really.
Airi: I mean, Shizuku seemed much more concerned than I was and this talk I had with her just sort of ended up with that idea.
Haruka: But I was able to have a fun day off because of that. I even made an important realization.
Haruka: So again, thank you.
Airi: *Sigh*... You're such a good kid.
Airi: That part of you really hasn't changed since back then. Of course, I mean it all in a good way...!
Haruka: Really?
Airi: Yes, really. You've always been this idol who could focus on a goal and give it everything you have while you worked away at it...
Airi: I've always admired that part of you...
Airi: So much so that I kept wondering why I couldn't do what you do...
Haruka: But I think you can, Airi...
Airi: Hold on. Let me finish.
Airi: Your goal was to give hope to as many people as you could while being the best idol you could be, and you never stopped trying...
Airi: You tried so hard that it became a part of you.
Haruka: Yes, you're right...
Haruka: It never occurred to me that I was trying so hard.
Airi: I bet. Otherwise, you probably wouldn't have been able to make it this far.
Airi: On top of that, this is sort of just who you are now. Changing that won't be easy.
Airi: But that's also why we want you to relax and be yourself more when you're with us at least.
Haruka: Airi...
Haruka: I understand. Thank you.
Haruka: Oh, but I admire how hard Shizuku works too...
Haruka: Especially the last time I was invited over to her house and saw dumbbells lying around in her room.
Airi: Look who's talking. I bet you have some at your house too, Haruka.
Haruka: Oh... Yeah, I do...
Airi: I knew it...!
Haruka: But Shizuku's told me all about how you train on your own too, Airi.
Airi: Huh? I do what I need to but I don't really do anything special...
Airi: Oh, I do skip doing homework and stuff some days since I know I can get away with it, while you do your homework everyday, right?
Airi: I'll go off and do voice training or something instead.
Haruka: I feel like that counts as having a good work ethic too.
Airi: Haha. You think so?
Haruka: Hehe.
Haruka: But I think I get it now... I can try doing things that way from now on.
Airi: What way?
Haruka: Not forcing myself to think that I have to do something or get everything done right now. Knowing that I still have time to do things later.
Airi: Right. Worst case scenario, you can just wait until just before class starts to do any homework that's due.
Haruka: Hehe. That might not be for me...
Haruka: But I have a better grasp of things now.
Airi: You do? Great!
Haruka: Yeah. I'll try to look out for myself a little more from now on.
Haruka: Oh, but... I'm still not entirely sure what I should be doing, so I'd appreciate it if you could help me like you did the other day.
Airi: Yeah, you got it!
Airi: But you know, it might be good to talk to Shizuku about that too.
Haruka: Shizuku?
Airi: She's the big sister in her family and has this sort of motherly feel to her. Honestly, just being around her is pretty comforting.
Haruka: Hehe. I know what you mean.
Haruka: She gives off this warmth as if everything will be just fine when you're around her...
Airi: Yeah, that!
Airi: She's even the one who was most concerned about you this time around. I say just talk to her and lean on her more from now on, okay?
Haruka: Okay, I will.
Airi: Now, enough chatting. Let's get back to stretching, shall we...?
Haruka: Sure. I'll press your back while you stretch first, Airi.
Airi: You sure? Well, if you don't mind...!
(Black cut)
