257_Airi Momoi_R3 That's So Unfair! (event_29)

Gacha phrase: Hahaha! Oh, Shizuku!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Summer Festival Fairgrounds]

Airi: Wow, I was wondering why so many people were wearing yukatas and stuff...
Shizuku: Hehe. They're having a festival today!
Airi: Yeah, it could be fun! Wanna check it out since we're here?
Shizuku: Sure!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Oh, there's so many people. I wish Minori and Haruka were here to see this.
Airi: Yeah, it's too bad they're off at the Seaside School.
Airi: We can at least take some pictures and show them later.
Shizuku: Yes, let's!
Shizuku: Oh, look! We can play ring toss or try catching some goldfish!
Airi: Well, yeah. It wouldn't be much of a festival if it didn't have those.
Airi: Anyway, let's look around, take some pics and tell them about it tomorrow or something.
Shizuku: Okay, that sounds good.
Shizuku: Now that I think about it, it's been quite a while since I last went to a festival like this.
Airi: Same. Hmm... Maybe not since elementary school...?
Shizuku: Oh, it's been about that long for me too. I remember going to the festival put on by our local shrine with Shii and our mother while wearing yukatas together.
Airi: Yeah, my sisters and I used to save up just for that and go together the three of us.
Airi: Looking back, those really were fun times.
Airi: Oh, wait! Have you seen any stalls selling chilled pineapples? My little sister absolutely loved them...!
Shizuku: That does sound nice. Caramel apples and cotton candy are also good options.
Airi: Yeah, those too! I get that it's bad manners to eat while walking around...
Airi: But it's a festival, so whatever, right? It was nice to sort of do whatever we liked...
Shizuku: Yes, I see. In my case...
Shizuku: ...
Airi: Hm? Shizuku, what's up? You stopped partway...
Shizuku: It's just... I remember festivals being a lot of fun, but I always somehow ended up alone for some reason...
Airi: Alone... You kept getting lost, didn't you?
Shizuku: But Shii would never let me hold her hand.
Airi: Okay, okay. Just promise to be a little more careful. You're an idol, so you need to keep a low profile and not cause a fuss by getting mad.
Shizuku: Yes, I understand. I'll make sure not to lose sight of you, Airi!
Airi: You really shouldn't have to try so hard to do that... It's a festival, so let's just try to have fun, alright?
(Black cut)
Airi: Hey, Shizuku, they're selling caramel apples over there...
Shizuku: Yes, I see. Hehe. I think I'll buy one for Shii.
Airi: I don't see why not.
Airi: Hmm... Maybe I should get stuff for other people too.
Shizuku: You mentioned that your younger sister likes chilled pineapples, no?
Airi: Yeah, but it's not like she really likes pineapples or anything either. I just sort of start looking for them instinctively when I'm at festivals now.
Shizuku: Oh, I think I know what you're saying. We think that these things taste better because of the occasion, yes?
Airi: Yeah, exactly!
Airi: That really takes me back...
Airi: The festival my family and I used to go to was one of the biggest local events of the year.
Airi: They even had bands and other artists come as guests and perform on-stage...
Shizuku: That does sound like a big event. The one I always went to usually had a much more traditional feel to it.
Airi: That's usually how it is.
Airi: Still, the stage seemed a little jury-rigged, and all the guests were mostly local amateurs. In that sense, it really felt like a hometown affair, you know?
Airi: But...
Airi: That was also just around the time I started thinking about becoming an idol and even thought that I might even be performing on that stage one day.
Shizuku: Hehe. I can see you up there already, Airi, dazzling everyone with your smile.
Shizuku: By the way, that stage you mentioned... Did it look anything like that?
Airi: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Airi: Hey, you're right... I didn't realize that there was a stage there.
Airi: And a pretty big one at that. It has all the equipment it could ever need too...
Airi: Do they have guests scheduled to perform or something?
Shizuku: Airi, we still have quite a bit of time, so why don't we go see what's going on with that stage?
Airi: Yeah, sure!
Airi: First, let's get some drinks to stay hydrated. Then we can just sit back and enjoy the show.
Shizuku: Sure!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[One week after the Summer Festival]

[Diner]

Airi: Let's dig in!
Airi: Mmm... This roasted tea parfait is so good! Don't knock it before you try it just because it's a diner, I guess.
Shizuku: Yes, I agree! I'll try mine now...
Shizuku: Oh, the syrup on this warabimochi parfait goes so well with the sweet soybean powder that it came with.
Ena: Really? Hey, both of you, mind sharing a little since we have some extra plates?
Airi: Sure, be my guest!
(Black cut)
Airi: Phew... That was delicious.
Airi: Thanks for tagging along with me, Ena, Shizuku! I'm glad we got to try so many Japanese-styled desserts!
Shizuku: Hehe. You're very welcome.
Ena: I'm just glad I got to hang out with you two. That was a lot of fun.
Airi: Yeah. Even though we bumped into each other during the festival, it sort of has been a while since we hung out together like this, huh?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Airi: ...
Airi: Um, Ena? About Mizuki... How have things been since, you know?
Shizuku: Oh, I'd like to know too... You two looked like you were having quite a bit of fun during the festival.
Ena: I'm not sure I can say there's been much progress...
Airi: I see...
Airi: Sorry for not being able to help you out much, Ena...
Shizuku: I'm also sorry...
Ena: No, you two have nothing to apologize for!
Ena: Like we discussed before, I know that this might take a very, very long time.
Ena: And you've both already been a huge help just by listening to what's going on between me and Mizuki!
Airi: Are you sure? In that case, I'm glad...
Ena: We may not be out of the woods yet, but Mizuki has shown some signs of seemingly feeling better...
Shizuku: Oh, really?!
Ena: Yes. I think this other girl in our group said something and ended up having a positive effect...
Ena: That taught me that I can cheer Mizuki up by just talking about whatever's going on...
Ena: Everything I did sort of felt futile at first, but now I know that's not actually the case anymore.
Airi: I see.
Airi: (Yeah, the difference between knowing and not knowing that is pretty huge.)
Airi: (As much as I was worried about Mizuki, I was getting concerned over how hard Ena had to try. I'm glad she's been able to make some progress.)
Airi: By the way, Ena, what are the other people in your group like?
Ena: Oh, the others? Well, you already know me, the illustrator, and Mizuki, the video editor...
Ena: But we also have a songwriter and a lyricist.
Ena: Oh, but the lyricist is also able to write her own songs from scratch too...
Shizuku: Oh, I had no idea! That's incredible!
Ena: Yeah, it really is... But she's kind of a pain.
Airi: Right out with it, huh?
Ena: What's that supposed to mean?
Ena: You just don't get it, Airi. She's an enormous pain to deal with!
Airi: Okay, okay. Care to expand on that a little?
Ena: Oh, well...
Shizuku: ...?
Airi: Oh...
Airi: (I just let my mouth run, huh? Maybe I shouldn't have asked that...)
Airi: It's okay, Ena. You don't have to answer if you don't want to.
Ena: No, it's just kinda hard to describe... It's a pretty long story, so maybe next time!
Airi: Okay, that works too!
Ena: Um, how about I talk about our songwriter instead?
Shizuku: Being able to make illustrations and videos is already very impressive, but I'm always amazed by people who can write their own songs.
Ena: Yeah! Her name's K...
Ena: K invited me, Mizuki and our lyricist to form a group called Nightcord at 25:00.
Airi: Oh, so she's like the leader then!
Ena: Sort of, but K doesn't really see it that way.
Ena: Anyway, K's unbelievably talented when it comes to songwriting. It's like she really knows how to touch your heart through music.
Airi: I know what you mean! I've seen a few of your guys' videos, but they really do all have that effect.
Shizuku: Airi told me about one of your songs as well.
Shizuku: It was just a roller coaster of emotions, from feeling somewhat sad in the beginning to having a warm blanket wrapped around me in the end.
Ena: Yes! That's exactly what I'm talking about!
Ena: K has this power to know what you're feeling or trying to say...
Ena: When I was going through a huge art slump, she ended up composing something just for me...
Airi: She must be such a nice person...
Ena: Yeah, she really is.
Airi: I'm glad.
Airi: I'd like to meet this K sometime if I ever get a chance.
Shizuku: I'd like to as well!
Ena: Sure, I hope I do get a chance to introduce you to her. Oh, there's this other girl too. She's a bit of a handful, but you might end up meeting her too...
Airi: A bit of a handful? You have all this respect for K but not her lyricist?
Ena: Because she's a pain to deal with.
Ena: I'm sure you'll understand what I mean if you do ever talk to her. On top of that, she has some pretty serious baggage...
Airi: Baggage?
Airi: That's not really giving me a clear picture.
Shizuku: But you seem to enjoy talking about her, Ena. I'm sure she's a good person deep down.
Ena: What are you talking about?! I do not enjoy talking about her...!
Airi & Shizuku: Hehe.
Airi: (As much as I'm interested in her friends, we should introduce her to Minori and Haruka at some point as well.)
Airi: (That makes four per group... Wow, eight when you put us all together...)
Airi: (We've come a long way since having only each other to talk to...)
Airi: (I'm glad we both found some people we really care about. It'd be fun to just chat without a care in the world with them all.)
(Black cut)
