264_Airi Momoi_R4 Full Power! Happy Everyday! (event_31)

Gacha phrase: We're here! Happy Everyday!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Alright, let's take another look at the stream we did with the elementary school.
Minori: Okay!
Haruka: Normally, we'd be able to look at everybody's comments while we're live...
Haruka: But that wasn't really possible this time since we needed to focus on making it a special day for the students.
Shizuku: That's very true. I tried to make sure our viewers could stay involved too, but...
Airi: All of that included, let's see what we did well and what we didn't do so well.
Airi: Here we go.
Minori's Voice (Minori): <Nooo... I'm so sorry...>
Boy's Voice: <No, it's okay. You did your best!>
Comment: <Aren't you supposed to be cheering them up?> <Yeah, it's okay! lol>
Shizuku: Oh, they were all saying, It's okay.
Minori: Haha... I'm glad they enjoyed that, but I'm so embarrassed...
Haruka: I see some snide remarks peppered in, but it certainly looks like they enjoyed what we did.
Airi: Yeah. Ever since we did that show with Nanamin, everybody's viewing Minori in a completely different light.
Airi's Voice (Airi): Me again?! Why's everybody coming after me?!
Airi: (Oh, it's my team against Shizuku's team...)
Comment: <The way Shizuku runs, it's like she's an angel...> <You can do it, Shizuku!>
Comment: <Haha! They're all going after Airi!> <They love Airi so much! She's a bigger kid magnet than Shizuku!> <The Wide World of Laughs was where I first saw Airi too.>
Comment: <She was more of a comedian than an idol on TV, you know?> <She had to be making bank, right?>
Airi: ...
Airi: (I guess most people still don't see me as a real idol...)
Airi: (But the past is the past! I just have to keep doing everything I can to establish myself as Airi Momoi of MORE MORE JUMP!)
Airi: (Especially for Shizuku's sake since she was there for me when I really needed help.)
Shizuku: ...
Airi's Voice (Airi): <Heh heh heh! That won't be enough to catch me...! I still have plenty left in the tank!>
Airi's Voice (Airi): <Watch as I do some... Happy Side Steps!!>
Minori's Voice (Minori): <Oh wow! She's really doing Happy Side Steps!>
Airi: (I did that because I thought the kids would like it, but I didn't think about how everyone else would react...)
Comment: <Yes!!> <Whoa! We get to see this live!> <Minori's way into this too! lol>
Minori: W-W-Wah! L-Look at all the comments...!
Comment: <This is great! My sides...!> <Yeah! Talk about showmanship!> <This is why Airi's the best!>
Airi: Oh...
Shizuku: Did you see that last comment, Airi?! One person said, You're making us all feel Happy! They're even praising your wonderful showmanship!
Airi: Okay, okay. Calm down, Shizuku.
Airi: I missed that one about feeling Happy, but I think I managed to get a look at the other ones.
Minori: B-But there are still so many! I can't keep up!
Haruka: Me neither. Maybe we should pause the video for a second and switch to the comment viewer.
Airi: Yeah, sounds good.
Minori: That last wave of comments was mostly about Airi too.
Shizuku: Yes. They really enjoyed what you did, Airi.
Airi: Wait, Haruka, stop...!
Haruka: Huh?
Airi: Sorry. Could you rewind a little? I'd like to see that last comment again...
Haruka: One second... Um... Here?
Comment: <Airi, I'm a big fan of yours! We met at a meet and greet one time! I'm watching with my friend who also really loves you!>
Comment: <I still have that keychain I got during your show too! It's one of my most prized possessions!!>
Airi: ...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: Hey, that keychain on your bag...
Junior High School Student A: Oh yeah! I bought it when I went to see one of your shows, Airi!
Junior High School Student B: We're both really big fans, Airi! Look, we have matching colors too!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: (Is that them...?!)
Minori: I know exactly how they feel. All the stuff I bought during shows and events still mean so much to me.
Haruka: And they all become precious parts of these wonderful memories.
Airi: Yeah.
Shizuku: Oh, Airi, did you see this person's comment...?
Comment: <The stuff they did on that show had to be brutal, but Airi just kept smiling and making us laugh. She really is the best.>
Airi: Oh...
Haruka: This one too, Airi!
Comment: <Airi must have nerves of steel!> <With her, it's anything goes, and she always delivers.>
Comment: <Airi's definitely #1 for idols I respect most. I mean, she wrestled against a pro!>
Comment: <She isn't just another cute face!> <Airi forever!>
Comment: <I had to stay in a hospital and miss school once, but you gave me the strength to recover and go back, Airi!>
Comment: <Airi's fans seem way more dedicated than regular idol fans.> <You helped me get through entrance exams, Airi!>
Airi: ...
Airi: (Wow...)
Airi: (I still reached them, somehow...)
Shizuku: You're such a wonderful person, Airi.
Shizuku: You gave all these people hope, courage, strength and the power to move forward.
Airi: Well, yeah...
Airi: I'm an idol! That's my job!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Lunch Break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Shizuku: Airi, since it's so nice outside today, would you like to have lunch with me in the courtyard?
Airi: Yeah, sounds good. Oh, hang on. Someone just sent me something...
Airi: Oh, it's from Haruka...
Shizuku: Haruka? Did something happen?
Airi: She says that the principal of that elementary school sent her an email.
Airi: They also want to present us with a gift from the students but weren't sure where to send it...
Airi: I knew we'd forgotten something... We don't have anything like that set up yet, do we?
Shizuku: Do you mean a place where our fans can send us their letters and such...?
Airi: Yeah. I mean, I appreciate how everyone's been sending us stuff digitally...
Airi: But this seems like a good opportunity for us to get started on that. Why don't we all discuss this after school?
Shizuku: Okay!
(Black cut)

[One week later]

Airi: Alright, we're all here. Let's open the package that the principal sent us.
Minori: It's not very big, but a lot heavier than it looks.
Shizuku: Yes, it is. What could be inside?
Airi: Well, let's open it and find out. Here goes nothing...!
Haruka: Oh, isn't this the yearbook we made during the event...?
Airi: Yeah, it is! And there's one for each of us?!
Minori: That's great! We each get to keep one!
Haruka: Yes, and I'll let the principal know that we received this later.
Airi: Okay! Thanks, Haruka.
Shizuku: Oh, look. It's the group photo we took with all the students.
Airi: Hehe. They look so happy too! I can't help but smile.
Haruka: Oh, there's something else. Four envelopes to go with each yearbook it looks like...
Airi: Yeah, you're right. They have our names on them too. This looks like mine... Here's Shizuku's...
Shizuku: Thank you, Airi.
Haruka: Here's yours, Minori.
Minori: Thanks, Haruka!
Minori: I wonder what's inside... It feels sort of... Soft...
Airi: Yeah, it does. Based on its size and how it feels, it could be something made of construction paper...
Airi: Anyway, let's open them!
Airi: There... What the...?! These look like... Pink flower petals?!
Shizuku: Oh, mine were light blue.
Haruka: I guess they made flowers in each of our colors to act as cushions.
Minori: Hehe. So that's why it felt so soft!
Airi: Yeah, and it's such a nice way to cap things off.
Airi: Oh, there's a thank you card and some fan art by them.
Minori: Yeah! They're in my envelope too!
Minori: <Thank you for visiting!> <Your show was really fun!> <We'll win at tag next time, Minori!>
Airi: That's great! They really crammed as much as they could onto these cards, huh? Oh...
Thank You Card: <Thank you, Happy Everyday! Thank you, Airi!>
Airi: Is it safe to say that our first solo gig was a success?
Shizuku: Yes, I believe so.
Haruka: Hehe. I can't help but go through all these messages.
Minori: Hehe. Me too. I can't wait to read the rest when I get home.
Airi: Hey, quick suggestion. Mind if we move back the start of practice today by just a bit...?
Shizuku: Huh?
Airi: I mean, you want to read what the students wrote, right? Plus, we have a whole yearbook to go through.
Airi: I think it'd be better if we take the time now to get it out of the way. Then we'll be able to have them in our hearts while we practice. What do you think?
Haruka: I agree.
Shizuku: Me too!
Airi: Alright, then it's settled! And let's get cracking!
Airi: (A yearbook, fan art, flowers and a thank you card...)
Airi: (We really reached them. We gave them hope...)
(Black cut)
