331_Airi Momoi_R4 Together With Our Fans! (event_43)

Gacha phrase: Can you move that ornament a little higher?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: Anyway, I'll see you tomorrow!
Haruka: Minori...
Shizuku: She seemed so disappointed...
Airi: Yeah, but I'm not sure there's anything we can do about that.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Minori: I can't believe someone's willing to help us like this! Now, our event might just...
Haruka: Is this the right way to go?
(White cut)
Haruka: By agreeing to have this person help us, we'd be making them “work” instead of having fun, no...?
Haruka: In other words, we'd be forcing our fans to face reality and see what goes on behind the scenes...
Haruka: I want to do everything in my power to make sure our fans get to enjoy our events as fans.
Airi: Right. I get what you're trying to say, Haruka...
Airi: Something about having our fans see the other side of the stage while we try to spread hope from that stage does seem a bit off.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Airi: The proposal we received really did look professional, so having a person like this helping us with our event could be pretty fun...
Shizuku: I agree... But I'm also a little worried about some of the things that you just said, Haruka.
Airi: Yeah. It may not be a big one, but it's still an event. We have to take responsibility for what we do.
Airi: However, we have to do what our managers used to do for us, including booking a venue, setting a schedule and hiring a staff.
Haruka: Right. This is going to be our first event, so asking our fans to help us seems...
Airi: A bit much? We are sort of jumping straight into the deep end here.
Airi: Not only that, we're freelance idols. We have to plan and prepare everything ourselves.
Shizuku: Yes, which means...
Shizuku: We have to keep streaming and doing schoolwork on top of planning for this event.
Airi: Exactly.
Airi: But if push comes to shove, we could cut back on streaming to give ourselves more time to prepare for our event.
Haruka: ...
Airi: Haruka...?
Shizuku: Is something wrong?
Haruka: Huh? No, it's nothing...
Airi: Don't give us that. It's written all over your face.
Airi: You're worried about Minori, right...?
Haruka: Yes. It's like all I did was shoot down all of her suggestions just now...
Shizuku: Haruka...
Airi: Look, there wasn't much you could do about that. Minori probably understands that we were having a serious discussion and have to look at this from different angles.
Airi: No, wait, you said what you said because you wanted her to know what's most important about all this, right?
Haruka: Oh... Yeah, that's right...
Shizuku: Could it be that you're worried about how to interact with any fans that do end up helping us?
Haruka: I am. I have a feeling that some situations are going to arise where we're going to have to speak to one another as employer and employee...
Haruka: And if anything does end up happening during the event, we'd be forcing our fans to share in that burden by being our staff.
Haruka: I'm afraid that we'll be breaking their hearts instead of inspiring hope.
Airi: We should probably keep discussing this as a group moving forward.
Airi: But with more optimism if possible! I have a feeling that we'll miss our mark if we keep thinking in terms of negatives.
Shizuku: Yes, I agree.
Haruka: Me too.
Haruka: Thank you as always, Airi...
Airi: Huh? Why are you thanking me?
Haruka: Because you always seem to know exactly what to say in these situations. All I did was say how tough or difficult things will be...
Airi: Oh, that? I don't think that's actually a bad thing.
Airi: You always put your fans first, Haruka, and take everything you do as an idol seriously.
Shizuku: You're willing to take a hard look at things and tell us exactly how you feel about them, right?
Shizuku: You may sound harsh at times, but I actually have an easy time accepting what you say.
Shizuku: I'm sure Minori feels the same way.
Haruka: Oh...
Haruka: Yeah, you're probably right.
Airi: (Alright, the four of us are gonna have to keep discussing what to do about this event together.)
Airi: (Not being able to put on events in real life is gonna severely limit what we can do as a group...)
Airi: (Which means, we'll just have to come up with a way that lets us do events while spreading more and more hope!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom]

Airi: Okay, let's do a debrief for our event from the other day!
Airi: Have you all come up with things that you need to work on moving forward?
Minori & Shizuku: Yes!
Haruka: I'm sure we'll overlap on a few things, so why don't we start with a quick rundown of what we have?
Airi: Sure, let's hear it. What do you feel needs improving from here on out?
(Black cut)
Minori: Oh, we all said that scrambling to get things set up wasn't good.
Airi: Yeah, why don't we start there?
Shizuku: I suppose we should think about what caused that all to happen, no?
Haruka: Yes, I agree.
Airi: Well, that seems pretty obvious.
Airi: We had a plan in terms of what to set up in which order, but didn't actually have a good idea of what the venue would be like.
Airi: That caused our staff to hesitate and even panic a little, so we need to make sure that doesn't happen again.
Haruka: Also, the walkways in the hall were much narrower than we expected. We lost quite a bit of time having to move equipment through it as a one-way path.
Shizuku: Yes, we may've been able to prevent that if we had a chance to see the hall beforehand...
Minori: But it was booked solid until our event, so we couldn't...
Airi: We got to book this place because of a last-minute cancelation, so we sort of didn't have a choice but to do things on the fly.
Airi: So moving forward, we'll need to see how wide or accessible the entrances, exits, walkways, breezeways and all that stuff at the venues we book are.
Haruka: Sounds good.
Haruka: Okay, next we have... Not having a different leader present to answer questions when Saito is either busy or absent.
Airi: (We have so much to go over...)
Airi: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Fans: That was really fun! Seeing MORE MORE JUMP! live was so cool!
Fans: I know, right? To be fair, I was pretty scared about what would happen after they started recruiting fans to work as staff... But everything went great!
Fans: Yeah, I really want to see them again! Maybe I'll join on as staff next time!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: (They were all smiling at the end.)
Airi: (A lot did happen, but we pulled together and succeeded. We need to take this experience and make sure our next event goes even better.)
Airi: (Besides, it wasn't all gloom and doom!)
(Black cut)
Minori: Okay, that's everything we need to work on...
Shizuku: Hehe. So let's talk about what we did well!
Minori: Yeah! A lot happened, but it ended up being a big success!
Airi: Hey, we're supposed to be talking specifics here.
Airi: For example, it was pretty miraculous how none of our instructions ended up conflicting with each other...?
Minori: Conflicting instructions?
Airi: I'm talking about how some of the equipment could've been taken to different places depending on who said what, like the stage as opposed to the back lot.
Haruka: I think that has to do with how we exchanged information during our meeting prior to then.
Airi: Exactly. I think we did a really good job planning out each step of the process and where we need to be careful.
Shizuku: I was impressed by that as well. That meeting we had really helped illustrate what we needed to do.
Minori: Yeah, I thought so too!
Airi: Hehe.
Airi: See what I mean? There's something else I think we achieved as well. Something pretty big.
Shizuku: Oh? What could that be?
Airi: We learned how to interact with the fans who decided to become our staff.
Haruka: Oh...
Airi: I'm not saying that we found the answer or anything like that, but I feel like we have a much better idea of what to do now.
Airi: On a personal level, I think we found a place of understanding and really learned to trust each other.
Haruka: Trust...
Airi: Yeah. We're not friends or anything and they're sort of our employees, but we didn't have to be all that formal with one another.
Airi: We found a way to understand that we're after the same thing and that this event can only succeed if we work together.
Airi: If having mutual respect for each other means that they don't care how hard we have to work because they believe we'll dazzle them at the end, I want us to go after it.
Minori: Whoa! That'd be amazing!
Airi: But that also means we'll have to work even harder than before to actually achieve that!
Haruka: Airi's right. If we can develop that sort of relationship with them, they might just be able to keep seeing us as idols.
Shizuku: Yes, so we'll just have to keep doing everything we can to foster that wonderful bond!
Airi: Yeah, let's keep doing our best, together!
(Black cut)
