368_Airi Momoi_R4 Baking Sweets In Secret (event_48)

Gacha phrase: It's gotta be a really special cake!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Emu Otori)

[Diner]

Airi: I hereby open the inaugural meeting of our Secret Valentine's Day Alliance! Let's get started, you two!
Saki & Emu: Yeah♪
Emu: So what are we gonna talk about today?
Airi: Our topic today will be “What do you want to bake?”
Airi: That's based on all the ideas you both told me about at school earlier, remember?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: I see... Saki, you're wondering how to actually surprise everyone, while Emu doesn't know how to make her gifts.
Emu: Yeah! I wanna make some shiny star cookies, chocolate robots and a cake that looks like a show stage!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: So today, I'm hoping that we can use that as a springboard to really figure out what we want to make or bake for Valentine's Day!
Airi: Which leads me to my next question. Do you two have anything specific in mind already?
Saki: I mean, Valentine's Day equals chocolates or something chocolatey, right...?
Saki: But no, I still don't really have a good idea of what to give everyone.
Emu: Me neither, but I know that I want to make a cake that'll make Tsukasa and the others go, “Wow!”
Emu: Oh, I also wanna decorate it with lots of other delicious sweets, like chocolates, cookies and macarons!
Saki: That's a great idea. Then it'd be like a goodie bag of treats!
Airi: Yeah, that is pretty good!
Airi: (It'll definitely be enough to surprise everyone, but I still think we can do a little more.)
Airi: (Also, Saki seems to be better at coming up with an overall theme for surprises like this.)
Airi: (Oh, but...)
Airi: (Neither of them seems to have much experience baking sweets, so on top of me helping them out, our base needs to be something we can all make.)
Airi: (Emu even mentioned something about turning a cake or something into a show stage.)
Airi: (Then, let's go with...!)
Airi: Alright, you two, I've got an idea! Mind listening up for a second?
Saki: Okay! What sort of idea?
Airi: You two seem to have plenty of ideas for decorations and what you want to do with them, but what if we all had the same base for them?
Emu: Oh, like a matching trio!
Saki: Yeah! It also means we'd have Airi there to help us every step of the way!
Airi: Exactly. Not only will it make this whole process easier, but it'll also be more of a hands-on learning experience!
Airi: And in the event that one of us makes a mistake, we'd still be able to share ingredients with each other as insurance.
Emu: Y-You're even prepared for that...?! What if Airi's really a baking goddess in disguise...?!
Saki: Yeah! That also means she's our goddess!
Airi: Settle down, you two. I'd really rather not be put on a pedestal like that.
Airi: Regardless, I was thinking that we could each bake a chocolate cake to serve as a base.
Emu: Oh, that'd be perfect for Valentine's Day!
Saki: Yeah, but why chocolate cakes?
Airi: First, a cake would make what Emu wants to do possible since she'd be able to decorate it pretty freely.
Airi: Second, we can bounce decoration ideas off of each other.
Airi: So it's okay that you're still undecided, Saki, since this should at least help you get started.
Saki: That makes so much sense!
Airi: However, this is gonna be the most important part.
Airi: It'll be up to you two to decide how you want to decorate your cakes.
Saki: Oh... R-Right...! What should I do...?
Emu: Hehe. I'm gonna decorate my stage with lots and lots of show stuff☆
Airi: Hehe. Looks like Emu's all set with her “show stage” cake theme.
Airi: This might be a good time for you to also choose a theme, Saki.
Saki: A theme...?
Airi: Yeah. What sort of theme do you think will make your friends the happiest?
Saki: What would make Ichi and the girls the happiest...?
Saki: Hmm... Oh, a show!
Saki: We started playing at live houses recently, so they'll probably really love it if I also made my cake look like a show stage!
Airi: Yeah, a show's a great idea!
Airi: Alright, now that we all have a theme in mind, we can start working out the details!
(Black cut)
Airi: Alright, let's take everything we discussed today to figure out specific plans for each of our cakes!
Saki & Emu: Okay!
Saki: Hehe. We learned so much about baking cakes and sweets in just one day!
Saki: I always thought cakes had to be round or square. I never knew that you could make them look like hearts or stars!
Emu: Me neither! I always thought that only patisseries could make those!
Airi: Hehe. This rabbit hole goes pretty deep. I recommend looking at some baking sites online for reference.
Saki: I will! And thank you so much for doing all this for us today, Airi!
Emu: Hehe. Our cakes are gonna be so amazingly wonderhoy because of you, Airi!
Airi: I'm just glad I could help both of you!
Airi: But you bring up a good point. Let's make the best chocolate cakes we can and give everyone a Valentine's Day gift that they'll never forget!
Saki, Emu & Airi: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Emu Otori, Kagamine Rin)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend after Valentine's Day]

[Diner]

Rin: <They should be here pretty soon, right...?>
Airi: Yeah, they just messaged me saying that they're at the station and making their way over.
Airi: We were able to message each other about how our surprises went, but haven't actually had a chance yet to talk about it in person.
Rin: <Hehe. That means they're also probably really excited about meeting you today♪>
Airi: I sure hope so.
Airi: Oh, I'll leave my phone on top of the table to make sure you can listen in too.
Rin: <Thanks, Airi♪>
Airi: You're welcome. After all, you're also a valued member of the Secret Valentine's Day Alliance.
Airi: And I'm sure you want to hear how their surprises went as well, right?
Rin: <Yeah! I can't wait!>
Shop Clerk: Welcome!
Emu's Voice (Emu): Hello! We're here♪
Rin: <Oh, that must be them! Time to hide, but I'll be listening.>
Saki: Sorry about the wait, Airi!
Airi: Oh, you two came together?
Saki: We ran into each other at the entrance!
Emu: Hehe☆ But not literally this time♪
Airi: Hehe.
Airi: Anyway, have a seat, you two! Let's order some stuff and start celebrating!
(Black cut)
Airi: Alright... Here's to a successful Valentine's Day!
Airi, Emu & Saki: Cheers!!
Saki: Thank you so much again for everything, Airi! My surprise went over really, really, really well because of you!
Saki: Most of all, my friends couldn't believe that I made cookies of each of them!
Emu: Oh, those cookies! The ones you worked really hard on, and made over and over again?
Saki: Yeah. I'm really glad that I didn't give up on them.
Saki: Shiho even thought that I had them specially made. You should've seen the look on her face when I told her that I made them!
Airi: Really? You surprised cool and calm Shiho that much? Sounds like your surprise was a roaring success!
Airi: How about you, Emu? Did everyone feel wonderhoy after you unveiled your surprise?
Emu: Hehe☆ Not just wonderhoy... Super duper funtastically wonderhoy! 
Saki: Super duper funtastically?!
Emu: Yup! My surprise went so well that I thought I was dreaming!
Airi: Haha! That means they really must've loved it!
Emu: They really did! And it's all thanks to you, Airi!
Airi: You're very welcome.
Saki: How did your surprise go, Airi?
Airi: The cake was a hit, but everyone loved the marzipan dolls I made of them most of all.
Emu: Oh, that's right! Those dolls you made were sooo cute!
Saki: I know, right?! I couldn't believe how detailed their costumes and faces were! They all looked professionally made...!
Airi: I can teach you two how to make them sometime if you want.
Saki: What?! Y-You will...?!
Emu: Whoa! It's like we can do anything as long as we have Airi around!
Airi: However, it's not going to be a bed of roses.
Saki: Wait! I just remembered how Minori said that Airi's a really tough teacher!
Saki: B-But if it means being able to make stuff like that on my own, then please teach me!
Emu: Me too! I wanna learn how!
Airi: That's what I like to hear. Seek me out when you feel you're ready.
Emu, Saki & Airi: Haha!
Saki: Still, are you sure about this? I originally got to know you as a fan so...
Airi: I see. Sure, we started out as an idol meeting one of her fans...
Airi: But now I feel like things have changed a little.
Airi: I mean, we go to the same school and you're my juniors, so feel free to ask me for help whenever!
Saki: Airi...
Airi: On top of all that, we're all still members of the Secret Valentine's Day Alliance, right?
Airi: We swore to protect a secret together, Saki, Emu, so I hope we get to hang out more like this as comrades!
Saki: Yeah, me too...! Again, Airi, thank you so much!
Emu: Yeah, Airi, you're really the best!
Airi: Thanks, you two!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Airi: Rin, the coast is clear.
Airi: Sorry about that. You didn't really get a chance to do anything other than listen, huh?
Rin: <No, that's okay! I had plenty of fun just hearing how their surprises went♪>
Rin: <Getting to see you girls bake was also really great, so let me know if you need any help again♪>
Airi: Hehe. Thanks. And don't forget to ask for help if you ever need it, alright?
Rin: <Okay♪>
(Black cut)
