395_Airi Momoi_R2 Mysterious Heart Witch (event_52)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Airi's Room]

Airi: Yes, finally...! Homework's all done!
Airi: Now I can work on the design for my outfit.
Airi: An outfit for all of us... For MORE MORE JUMP!
Airi: Hehe. Yeah, I still want to go with something that screams, “I'm an idol!”
Airi: For starters... A skirt that blooms open as we dance is a must.
Airi: What else...? Oh, some lace and ribbons to bring out its cuteness!
Airi: When I was still in QT...
Airi: Wait, where'd I put that notebook with all of the outfits I wore back then...? Oh, here it is!
Airi: I should also look up what other idols wear for reference...
(Black cut)
Airi: Okay, that about does it...
Airi: Hmm... I sort of just drew whatever came to mind...
Airi: But it doesn't look original. Someone's gonna say, “I've seen that before somewhere.”
Airi: (I guess these are just the side effects of trying to design something that screams, “I'm an idol!”)
Airi: It might be better for me to pick a more concrete theme or set of motifs if I want it to look more original.
Airi: Hmm... What kind of theme would suit us best...?
Airi: What kind of motifs...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: Oh...
Airi: That's it. Clovers...
Airi: (They symbolize “hope”, “promise” and “love”...)
Airi: I remember telling Shizuku and the others about this before too.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: “To become idols who can spread hope to others.” “To promise never again to forget that feeling.”
Airi: Also, “To show our idol-loving fans just how much we care about them.”
Airi: That's what I think the three leaves on these clovers represent.
Minori: Whoa! That's so beautiful!
Haruka: Yes, it is. We'll need to work hard to achieve all of the things you just listed.
Shizuku: Yes, we will.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: If I recall correctly, those outfits were born out of our thoughts and feelings.
Airi: Hope, promise and love...
Airi: Come to think of it... Clovers kinda look like hearts too.
Airi: Hearts...
Airi: Yeah! This might just work...!
Airi: Especially since hearts are what idols are after!
Airi: Not only that, I'm... Lovely! Fairy! Airi!
Airi: Alright, I'll use hearts as a motif for my design!
Airi: Hehe. More than that. It's gonna be all about hearts!
Airi: I know. What if I made it so the skirt sort of turns into a heart as we're dancing?
Airi: Oh, it can throw a big heart on the back too.
Airi: Hm? But it might make more sense if it were front and center on the bust.
Airi: Hmm...
Airi: (It's getting pretty late. It might be better to just think about where I'm going with this and pick up where I left off tomorrow...)
Airi: Forget it! I'm just gonna draw everything that comes to mind instead of worrying over if it's right or not!
Airi: I don't care if I have to work into the night. A part of me is telling me that I won't get a chance like this again.
Airi: Alright, let's start with a big heart on the back!
Airi: It should look super cute whenever we turn around during a dance routine. Also...
(Black cut)
Airi: F-Finished...!
Airi: For now, I've managed to cram everything that came to mind into this design!
Airi: Mhm... *Yawn*
Airi: Whoa! It's already past two?!
Airi: This should be more than enough for tonight.
(Background change)
Airi: Good night...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom]

Airi: Alright, you guys! We're gonna see how our outfits are coming along today!
Minori: Yay! I can't wait to see how they're looking!
Shizuku: I hope the design I sent wasn't too confusing...
Airi: Really? I thought it was pretty easy to follow.
Haruka: The ones in charge of putting them together sent us a reply last night, so let's go over each point while keeping your concerns in mind, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Yes, I'd like that!
Airi: Let's start with our lead dressmaker...!
Airi: Here we are... <Hello, everyone from MORE MORE JUMP!>
Airi: <I'll be handling Airi's outfit and I'm beyond ecstatic about being given this opportunity!>
Airi: <I'm only able to provide a sample of what's to come right now, but I honestly can't stop grinning knowing that Airi's going to be wearing this outfit.>
Airi: <And thank you for sending over such a well-annotated design. It was very easy to follow.>
Airi: <I'll be putting everything I have into this to make sure you're satisfied with the finished product.>
Airi: Sounds like you have nothing to worry about, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Yes, I'm glad they understood everything.
Minori: Especially since you took the time to redraw it a few times to make sure they'd see what you were thinking.
Haruka: Also, being able to work on your favorite idol's outfit must be a huge source of motivation.
Airi: Yeah, we have Minori to thank for that!
Minori: Hehe!
Shizuku: Hehe.
Airi: Alright, let's see what the others said!
(Black cut)
Airi: Phew. That should be all of them.
Haruka: Looks like they're all progressing nicely.
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: And they're gonna send over their samples once they're done, right?
Shizuku: Yes. We'll need to see for ourselves whether or not they actually fit or match our designs.
Shizuku: After we've checked everything, we'll start having them sew on the decorations and other accessories.
Haruka: Which by no means will be easy.
Haruka: We're not exactly professional designers, so I have a feeling that we'll have to learn some things for the first time as we go.
Shizuku: I agree. We should make it clear that they're always free to ask us for help or suggestions.
Airi: Yeah. Oh...
Minori: Is something the matter, Airi?
Airi: I forgot to read the postscript for that last email.
Airi: Let's go through it now.
Airi: <P.S. Thank you for the blueprint you so kindly attached. I had no issues understanding everything.>
Airi: <I really appreciate how it provides diagrams for the design process and describes why each part is designed the way it is...>
Airi: <I know exactly what I need to do because of it and believe everything should go smoothly.>
Haruka: Come to think of it, the others also responded with similar comments.
Minori: A blueprint...? Like for a sewing pattern...? 
Shizuku: Yes, that's right.
Shizuku: I held a video conference with everyone involved before they got started on their assignments...
Shizuku: But it turned out that some of them had never made a pattern out of just a sketched design before.
Shizuku: So, I decided to take this opportunity to try making my own blueprints.
Airi: And Mizuki was there to help, right?
Haruka: Mizuki...? Oh, you mean...
Airi: Remember? We met at the Fan Festival when we went to see Minori and when we were shrine maidens for New Year's.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: Mizuki's so talented at designing dresses and other clothes, and has all these different fabrics and materials at home. I even learned about all these handy websites.
Airi: Oh, that's right... One of them lets you upload your own designs and automatically create sewing patterns based on that.
Minori: Uploading your own designs?! When did you learn to do that, Shizuku?!
Airi: Oh, that wasn't her...
Minori: Huh?
Shizuku: The truth is, I had Mizuki help me with most of that...
Shizuku: Yes, it can make patterns for you. However, I had no idea how to edit or adjust them...
Shizuku: I wrote down how to do all of that... So I'm hoping that I can learn to do everything myself for next time.
Airi: Alright, let's turn that frown upside down. I'm here to help if you ever need me.
Shizuku: Right! Thank you, Airi.
Airi: We'll need to thank Mizuki later. Everyone involved in making our outfits too.
Haruka: Yes, we do. But we still don't really have much to offer in terms of compensation...
Shizuku: They all said that they're putting everything they have into our outfits, so it'll have to match that somehow.
Minori: Yeah! We'll have to come up with something that they'll all be happy with.
Airi: In that case, why don't we make that tonight's homework assignment?
Airi: Our outfits are coming along nicely, so we should take this opportunity to think about the other things on our plates.
Shizuku: I agree♪
Minori: Me too!
Haruka: We have a day set aside to discuss what we'll be doing for our stream, so why don't we talk about our ideas then?
Airi: Yeah, sounds good!
Airi: Alright, that settles that... Time to make today's practice really count!
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
