396_Airi Momoi_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I hope the four of us can keep spreading hope, together.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Emu Otori, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[The day before Airi's birthday]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Alright, looks like tomorrow's birthday stream's all set to go!
Minori: Hehe. I'm really looking forward to your birthday stream.
Shizuku: Me too! Especially since it means we get to celebrate your birthday with all our fans, Airi.
Haruka: I'm also excited. Oh, speaking of celebrations...
Haruka: Isn't it about time you headed back to class, Airi?
Airi: Huh?
Haruka: We don't have school tomorrow, remember? So, everyone brought their birthday presents for you today.
Minori: Oh, you're right! Airi, we need to hurry!
Shizuku: Yes, let's go! I'm sure they're all waiting for you!
Airi: Why are you two getting so worked up?
Airi: Still, Haruka's right. Let's go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Shizuku: Airi, look! They're all lined up outside of your class!
Airi: Oh wow. I wasn't expecting anything like this to happen...
Student A: A-Airi... I mean, Momoi! Th-Th-This is for you! Happy birthday!
Student B: This is for you too! W-Would you be willing to accept...?
Airi: Thanks! Of course I accept!
Airi: Sorry for making you all wait like this. It's been getting a little warmer lately, but wasn't it cold out in the corridor?
Student A: No, since we know you practice every morning! A-Also, I was so excited that the cold didn't bother me at all!
Airi: Really? Hang on... Yeah, your hands are freezing. Be careful not to catch a cold or anything, okay?
Student A: W-We're shaking hands...!! Thank you for being so thoughtful! I absolutely promise not to get sick!
Airi: Hehe. That's the spirit. But make sure to warm back up when you get back to class.
Student A: I will! Thank you very much.
Student B: H-Happy birthday, Airi! I wasn't able to make it to any of your events or meet and greets, but I've been a fan of yours since you were in QT!
Airi: You've been a fan that long...? Alright, here's a little reward!
Airi: Lovely☆ Fairy☆ Airi... Momoi!!
Student B: Th-The Airi pose!! In-person too...! Thank you so much!
Shizuku: Oh, Saki. Are you here to give Airi a present too?
Saki: Yes! As her fan, I felt that I absolutely need to celebrate her birthday!
Emu: Me too♪ Especially since Airi helped us out so much for Valentine's Day☆
Airi: Hey, Saki, Emu! Thanks for coming!
Saki: It's our pleasure! At the very least, you've given me so much hope that I want to give back somehow!
Emu: Hehe☆ I've prepared a song that's guaranteed to put a smile on your face, Airi!
Airi: You have?! Does this mean you're gonna sing it for me right here?
Emu: Of course!
Emu: I present you... “The Invincible Smiling Idol☆”...!
Shizuku: (Airi seems so happy.)
Shizuku: (Especially since...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Haruka: Airi hardly ever talks about her own past, so it's easy for us to believe that she isn't bothered by it anymore. But I guess it still does in some small ways...
Haruka: When she was on all those variety shows, losing her identity as a proper idol just kept weighing down on her.
(White cut)
Shizuku: But some time ago, when she was about to change agencies...
Shizuku: She told me that she feels like she hasn't been able to deliver anything to anyone as an idol.
Shizuku: I tried to cheer her up by saying that's not true, but it didn't help much in the end...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: (She's been working so hard to be that idol who can spread and inspire hope in others.)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Airi: Heh heh heh! The Masked Variety Idol will always be there to help those who try their very best!
Airi: Whenever you feel down and out, come and see me! I'll help cheer you up and see how wonderful tomorrow is going to be!
Shy Girl: Okay! Thanks, Happy Everyday!
Shy Girl: Oh, also...
Shy Girl: I really like you as an idol too! You're the best, Airi!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: I'll go put all the presents you've received on your desk, Airi.
Airi: You will? Thanks, Shizuku!
Shizuku: (They all love you just this much, Airi.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Airi's Room]

Airi: Oh, more kitty goods! Hehe. I guess they all know that I have a soft spot for cats!
Airi: (They must've spent a lot of time wondering, “What would she like the most?”)
Airi: (It's gonna take some time, but I should start writing thank you cards for everyone.)
Airi: Huh? A message from Ena...? Mizuki too?
Ena: <Happy birthday, Airi!>
Ena: <Mizuki and I were talking on Nightcord, and decided to send you messages just as the clock struck midnight. Sorry if we woke you up.>
Airi: (Hehe. That reminds me of how she used to do this for me in junior high whenever my birthday rolled around.)
Airi: Let's see what Mizuki said...
Mizuki: <Happy birthday, Airi!>
Mizuki: <Ena got all worked up about celebrating your birthday sooner than anyone else and I decided to join the fun♪>
Mizuki: <We tried sending them on the count of three, but I'm wondering if Ena didn't jump the gun.>
Airi: Hehe. Oh, those two. Anyway, I'll reply to Ena first...
Airi: <All good. I'm still up. This reminds me of when you did this for me when we were in junior high.>
Airi: Hehe. Also...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Akito Shinonome, Emu Otori, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Airi's birthday]

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: Welcome to Airi's birthday stream♪
Minori & Haruka: Yay!
Comment: <It's showtime!> <Airi, happy birthday!> <I waited so long for this day!>
Shizuku: Look, Airi! Our fans have been waiting to celebrate your birthday with you.
Airi: Yeah, wow. Thanks for all the thoughtful comments, you guys!
Haruka: Alright, why don't we start off with our special segment? Take it away, Minori.
Minori: Okay! “Let's Bake a Birthday Cake in Real Time!”
Minori: We'll be baking a birthday cake for Airi completely from scratch, including the base and everything!
Comment: <Hey, that sounds awesome!> <Whoa! A legit birthday cake for Airi!!> <Airi's a great cook, so this should be easy, right?>
Shizuku: However, Airi's the star of today's show, so she'll be in a more advisory role as she commentates throughout the process.
Comment: <What?! No Airi?!> <Seriously? No, you'll be fine! You still have Haruka!> <Don't mix up the salt for sugar, Minori.>
Minori: I won't! I'm gonna check before I even touch them!
Shizuku: Anyway, shall we get started? Let's do our best, Minori, Haruka.
Minori & Haruka: Yeah!
Airi: (With me advising as I commentate.)
Airi: These three will be tasked with baking a birthday standard! A shortcake!
Airi: Aside from the stuff that needs to be prepped in the kitchen, you guys should be able to see everything that goes on here.
Minori: Starting with spreading some flour around! Gently... Don't let it fly anywhere... Tap, tap, tap...
Airi: Minori, this is gonna take an eternity if you're that gentle with it...
Airi: Just tap while keeping your other hand steady. Also, you shouldn't hold it so high, or that far from yourself.
Haruka: Good catch, Airi. You can do it, Minori.
Minori: Okay, I'll keep trying!
Haruka: Alright, we'll be whipping up the meringue for the cake.
Shizuku: Yes, so... Crack each egg and use one of the shells to hold just the yolk...
Airi: Hey, not bad.
Shizuku: Hehe. I actually practiced doing this beforehand just in case.
Airi: Wait, you practiced this?
Minori: Oh, Shiho even said, “We've been having some sort of egg dish every night lately.” Is it because you were practicing this technique?
Shizuku: Oh, um...
Shizuku: I started having so much fun that I went a little overboard and ended up using every egg we had in our refrigerator...
Comment: <Oh dear...> <C'mon Shizuku lol.> <This is why Shizuku's the best! She never cuts corners!>
Haruka: I can already see you doing what you just described.
Airi: Same. Along with the look on your mom's face after she realized what you've done...
Minori: Haruka! Shizuku! I'm all done with the flour. I'll go get the strawberries ready now...
Shizuku: Oh, I should use this chance to go warm the butter in the microwave...
Haruka: Thanks. I'll start using the hand mixer to make the meringue.
Airi: (They're actually doing pretty well for themselves. I can't wait to see the finished product!)
(Black cut)
Minori: I-It's done!! Airi's birthday cake!
Comment: <Whoa! This shortcake looks amazing!> <The strawberries are so pretty!> <A++! Nice work, you guys!>
Haruka: Hehe. This turned out better than I expected too.
Shizuku: I agree! Alright, Airi, it's time to cut the cake♪
Airi: This isn't a wedding... Also, doesn't that sort of imply I'll be cutting the cake with someone?
Minori: Oh, the four of us should cut it together! It'll be our way of saying, “Let's do our best!”
Haruka: Good idea! What do you think, Airi?
Airi: Yeah, I'm in! You three put your hands on top of mine!
Minori: Okay!
Airi: Thanks for going through the trouble of baking an actual birthday cake for me like this.
Airi: And to all our fans who are watching, thanks for always being there to give MORE MORE JUMP! your support.
Airi: The four of us are gonna keep doing everything we can to spread hope to all of you!
Airi: And with that promise in mind... Let's cut this cake!
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: Yeah! Yes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Stage SEKAI]

Rin: Mmm...! This cake's so good!
MEIKO: Yes, it is. I can't believe you made this yourselves, girls.
KAITO: It's so warm, but also sweet and gentle.
Len: Yeah. Is it because they all made it while having Airi in their thoughts?
Luka: Hehe. I believe so. Mmm... This really is delicious♪
Miku (MMJ): Thank you for sharing this cake with us, girls! We really appreciate it!
Minori: Hehe. You're very welcome!
Airi: This cake also symbolizes our vow to keep spreading hope to everyone.
Airi: This won't be our first time, but we'd like to say again that we're not gonna give up.
Miku (MMJ): Yes, I see. Understood. We'll hold you to your word.
Miku (MMJ): Right, everyone?
Rin: Yeah! We'll all be rooting for you girls, Airi!
Luka: Yes, so please feel free to ask us for help if you ever think you need it♪
Len: Alright, why don't we take this opportunity to once again wish Airi a happy birthday?
KAITO: Yes, let's. Happy birthday, Airi!
Miku & Co.: Happy birthday!
Airi: Thanks, you guys!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000058/bg_s000058.webp)
Saki: <Airi! Happy birthday! I hope you get a chance to use the oven mitts I got you! Alright, Shiho, you're up♪>
Shiho: <Thank you for always being there to look after my sister, Momoi. I'm not sure how I can repay this debt, but please ask me for any help regarding her if you ever need it...>
Emu: <Happy birthday, Airi☆ I'm glad you liked the song I wrote for you♪ If you ever need a pick-me-up, just ask and I'll sing for you!>
Mizuki: <Heya, Airi! How would you feel about us throwing a party for you sometime soon? Ena's already super hyped about it, so let us know, okay♪>
Ena: <Hey, I was gonna tell her about that! Anyway, Airi, happy birthday. I want to throw a real party for you, so please, if you're free! I beg you!>
Akito: <Happy birthday, Momoi. I know Ena's already a handful and this business about a party's probably gonna be a huge... Ow!>
Minori: <Airi! Thanks for being such a great dance teacher! I was so happy when you told me that I'd improved so much! I promise to keep trying my best!>
Haruka: <Your experience with variety shows is so vital to making our streams fun and exciting. Happy birthday. We'll be counting on you moving forward.>
Shizuku: <Happy birthday, Airi! Our cake turned out well and we got to celebrate with our fans. I couldn't be happier for you.>
Shizuku: <I know we still have a lot to do for our next event, but let's keep doing our best as we work with our fans!>
(White cut)
(Background change)
Airi: Thanks for joining me today to celebrate my birthday, you guys!
Airi: Given that our first real-life event succeeded, it feels like we're actually back on track as idols now.
Airi: We're still not sure when our next event's gonna be, but we promise to make it something spectacular!
Airi: But we're gonna need your support to make that a reality, so we'll be counting on you guys moving forward!
(White cut)
