443_Airi Momoi_R3 Captivated By Cuteness (event_60)

Gacha phrase: Its stripes are so cute...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): Great practice, everyone♪
Everyone: Great practice!
Len: We're meeting up for another practice tomorrow, right?
Minori: Yeah! We'll be looking forward to it!
Haruka: Oh, that reminds me. Minori and I may be the only ones joining you guys.
Airi: Yeah, sorry about that. Shizuku and I were asked to do some modeling work on short notice.
Len: Huh? Modeling work?
Luka: That's so wonderful. What are you going to be modeling?
Shizuku: Hehe. Believe it or not, a bride.
Miku (MMJ): Wow! Does that mean you get to wear a wedding dress?
Luka: Oh, that's even more wonderful♪
Airi: It does. I can't wait either since Shizuku's gonna look absolutely astounding in a wedding dress!
Luka: You'll be wearing a dress too, right, Airi?
Airi: I will. But I'm going to be playing a bridesmaid, so my dress won't be nearly as extravagant as the wedding dress.
Miku (MMJ): Wait, what's a bridesmaid?
Airi: Someone who assists the bride. It's a traditional role that traces its roots back to Europe during the middle ages.
Airi: Originally, they wore dresses similar to that of the bride to ward off and confuse any evil spirits that envied her happiness.
Miku (MMJ): Oh wow. That's really cool. I didn't realize they're supposed to protect the bride against evil spirits...!
Airi: Hehe. I know, right?
Airi: But nowadays, they just fix the hem of the bride's dress, take care of the bouquet or keep her ring safe until the exchange.
Miku & Luka: Whoa!
Minori: Wow, a bridesmaid...
Minori: The bride's wonderful and all, but it's gotta be really satisfying to be there for her as one of her bridesmaids during her happiest moment!
Airi: Definitely. And I'm gonna do my best since you personally asked for me, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Thank you, Airi!
Shizuku: But I'd like to see you in a wedding dress as well, Airi.
Airi: What? Me? I really don't think I'd be able to pull one off.
Shizuku: No, I disagree!
Luka: She's right. I'm sure you'd look absolutely adorable♪
Airi: Adorable...?
Airi: Hmm... I mean, I've always wanted to try wearing one, but I honestly can't imagine how I'd actually look...
Minori: In that case, we could look up some dresses online while imagining how she'd look in them! I'm sure we'll have plenty of search results to choose from!
Shizuku: I agree! By doing that, we should be able to find the perfect wedding dress for Airi♪
Miku (MMJ): Oh, that sounds fun! I'd like to help.
Luka: Yeah, me too♪
Airi: W-Wait, you guys, slow down!
Len: It sounds like they're all really interested in seeing how you'd look in a wedding dress, Airi.
Haruka: Aren't you also just a little bit curious?
Airi: Huh? I mean, yeah...
Len: Alright, it'll be fun to see what kind of dresses they end up choosing for you.
Airi: Yeah, it sure will.
Len: And we'll also join in on the fun and search for the perfect wedding dress. Right, Haruka?
Haruka: Hehe. Yes, let's.
Airi: Wait, you guys too?!
Minori: Oh, Haruka, Len! Look at this dress! I think it looks really nice...!
Miku (MMJ): The base color's white, but the frills and ribbons are just ever-so-slightly colored.
Haruka: Oh, that is nice. It's such a cute design.
Len: It really is. It'll go great with Airi's bright personality. I guess that means a dress with a few colors in it would be better than one that's purely white!
Airi: They're getting more excited about this than the person who's ultimately supposed to wear it.
Shizuku: Oh, Airi, wanna see it too? It really is an adorable dress!
Airi: Okay, okay, I'm coming.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Shizuku: Thank you for waiting, Airi. I'm sorry for cutting it so close.
Airi: You're not late or anything, so you don't have to apologize. Anyway, did everything go okay at home?
Shizuku: Yes, that's all been settled.
Airi: Alright, that means we're free to enjoy this exhibit! Oh, did you make sure to bring your ticket?
Shizuku: Of course! I've been holding onto it since before I went to sleep last night to ensure that I didn't forget it♪
Airi: Before you went to sleep? I'm actually kinda surprised that you didn't lose it...
Shizuku: Hehe. I kept it safe. Also, I've been looking forward to this since hearing that Ms. Kawasaki's photo of us would be on display.
Airi: Right, since the entries that won awards from the photo contest she entered into are being showcased during this exhibit.
Airi: But the theme was “happiness”... What do you think the other winning entries are gonna be like?
Shizuku: Oh, Airi, why don't we make some predictions on our way over?
Airi: Yeah, that sounds fun! Let's do that!
Shizuku: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Airi: That exhibit was better than I expected!
Shizuku: Yes, it was. The sheer number of photos on display was so astounding too.
Airi: Yeah! Some other people went with wedding scenes, like Ms. Kawasaki, but I was surprised by how many pictures of animals there were.
Shizuku: Hehe. The one with the big dog lovingly watching over that little newborn really left an impression on me.
Airi: The way it gazed at that baby was so gentle too. It was just so heartwarming.
Airi: Hehe. Those pictures capture many different kinds of “happiness”, but I've gotta say, the ones of families topped them all.
Shizuku: Yes, everyone in those photos looked like they couldn't be happier.
Airi: Oh, speaking of pictures of families, one really stuck out to me.
Shizuku: Oh, which one?
Airi: Hehe. I'm sure you remember, Shizuku.
Airi: The one where the dad has his two kids sat on his lap while they all cheer and wave glow sticks as they watch a DVD of an idol concert together.
Airi: And I really loved the title. “Calling All Fans!!”
Shizuku: Yes, I remember! The three of them had such adorable smiles on their faces!
Airi: Yeah, they did. Not only that, their living room was covered wall to wall with idol merch.
Airi: They must be serious fans since I noticed that they had some limited edition stuff.
Shizuku: They did? I saw that they had quite an assortment of merchandise, but I didn't realize some of those things were limited edition.
Airi: Heh heh. There's a reason I research idols, you know?
Airi: Also, I couldn't help but take a closer look since it really made me happy.
Shizuku: Happy?
Airi: Yeah. I mean, they're following idols as a family. Isn't that great?
Airi: Just think about it. That means we could also be making an entire family smile like this.
Shizuku: You're right! That'd make me so happy if we have!
Airi: Exactly!
Airi: And when those kids are big enough, they might even get to go see some shows together!
Shizuku: Oh, that sounds so wonderful!
Shizuku: By the way, do you think it was the mother who took this photo?
Airi: Yeah, I've gotta think it was someone from that family.
Airi: You really can't capture these sorts of happy and heartwarming moments unless you're a part of that family, you know?
Shizuku: Yes, I agree. When I saw that photo, the image of the person taking it having just a big smile on their face popped into my head.
Airi: *Sigh* We really got to see some incredible works today. I couldn't be more satisfied.
Shizuku: Me neither. That exhibit really reminded us that happiness comes in all shapes and sizes.
Airi: Yeah!
Airi: Hehe. And as idols who want to spread hope, we have to keep doing our best to get others to feel what we did today!
Shizuku: Right! The four of us, together!
Airi: Yeah!
(Black cut)
