481_Airi Momoi_R4 The Strongest Idol Smile! (event_67)

Gacha phrase: Alright, ready to take a screencap?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Airi: That should be enough practice for today. Make sure to stretch later, okay?
Minori: I'm exhausted! And so hungry...
Shizuku: Hehe. How about we stop by somewhere on our way back?
Minori: Oh, I'm up for that!
Airi: Just don't eat too much. Also, I'd like to head home now to think of ideas for our training camp.
Haruka: Airi... Are you sure you don't want us to help?
Airi: Yeah, I'll be fine. I'm right in the middle of refining things down.
Minori: Oh, I'm so excited for our training camp! I can't wait to hear about what we're gonna do!
Shizuku: By the way, Airi, have you finalized anything yet?
Airi: Well, yes and no... Either way, you'll just have to wait until then to find out.
Minori: Huh? We have to wait until the day of? Not until you've made a decision?
Haruka: Is that because we'll react more genuinely during our stream...?
Airi: Precisely!
Airi: One more thing. There's something that I want you to start thinking about, Minori.
Minori: Huh? Me?
Airi: Yeah.
Airi: Haruka, Shizuku and I all have a lot of experience being on TV and stuff.
Airi: As such, we know that things don't always go according to the script and have learned how to handle unforeseen situations.
Airi: However, Minori, you don't have much experience with that, so to you, it's easier said than done, right?
Minori: Right... I probably wouldn't know what to do.
Airi: So, for this training camp, I want you to arrive having not practiced or rehearsed.
Airi: Simultaneously, I simply want you to expect the unexpected.
Minori: U-Understood! But am I really gonna be okay...
Haruka: I think so. You'll need to know how to handle those sorts of situations for our solo show.
Shizuku: I agree. Not only that, it's our own stream, so you probably don't need to worry about causing any trouble.
Airi: My thoughts exactly. We don't get many opportunities like this, so let's make the most of it!
Minori: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Airi's Room]

Airi: Alright, now that I've finished doing my homework, I can get back to working on stuff for our training camp.
Airi: (In terms of segments, these should do nicely.)
Airi: (And I'm so glad that I asked MEIKO for some advice. They've become really fun as a result.)
Airi: However, our stream this time around's gonna be pretty long... We'll need to do what we can to keep our viewers interested throughout.
Airi: I also need to figure out where we're actually gonna go and what sort of equipment we'll be using.
Airi: Nanamin's agency took care of that for our Christmas event, but this time, we have to take care of all of that.
Airi: Hmm...
Airi: I could conceivably handle that, but it might be nice to have an advisor of sorts...
Airi: Someone with a lot of experience working on variety shows, shooting on location and taking care of all the right paperwork...
Airi: I know...! I can ask the scriptwriter I used to work a lot with! The one from The Wide World of Laughs!
Airi: I remember hearing that they decided to settle down and work for a regional TV station.
Airi: If I can get them to lend me a hand...!
Airi: Alright, here goes nothing!
(Black cut)

[The next day]

Airi: Oh, I got a reply to that email I sent yesterday...
Airi: Let's see... <Momoi, it's been so long. About the thing you asked me about...>
Airi: <If it's alright with you, I'd like to help out>...!
Airi: Thank goodness! Now I can hear what a professional thinks.
Airi: Oh, they even made sure to quote me for their consultation.
Airi: (This must mean they're really looking at what we're doing as professionals.)
Airi: (Regardless of the fact that we're freelancers...)
Airi: To be fair, we're talking about a person that said, “It doesn't matter if someone's a rookie idol or a comedian who's yet to find fame. They're all professionals in my mind if they appear on TV.”
Airi: That sort of came with the condition that you provide good reactions or can say something interesting... But it was always worth putting in the effort.
Airi: Hehe. That really takes me back...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: Looking back, that person always came up with ideas that were just tough enough for me to wonder whether or not I could handle them.
Airi: And they didn't have to make us fail on purpose or come up with a surprise. They were designed in a way that something interesting would always happen.
Airi: In terms of what we'll be doing, renting out a public pool and trying to cross a floating obstacle course was kinda similar...
Airi: Also, I didn't get to try all of the things they came up with, so I could use those for reference.
Airi: (When I was still appearing on variety shows, I was told a lot of not-so-nice things and felt really awful at times...)
Airi: (But I also got to meet a lot of great people and get to work with them again like this.)
Airi: Hehe. It just goes to show that it's important to enjoy the process.
Airi: So, I should start by sending them a reply!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Beach]

Haruka: Thanks for waiting, everyone! We still have plenty of things planned for you to enjoy.
Airi: That's right. And tonight, we'll be doing...
Shizuku & Minori: “MORE MORE JUMP! Before Bedtime”.
Airi: We all worked super hard today, so now, we'll be having a nice, little chat.
Shizuku: It's so serene. I can hear the waves very clearly. And the sea breeze feels lovely...
Minori: Yeah, the stars look really pretty too...!
Airi: Hehe. We should definitely soak in as much of the scenery as we can since we're down by the sea.
Airi: Now, as for our talking points... Minori, if you will.
Minori: You got it!
Minori: We've been receiving lots and lots of questions, so for this edition of “Tell Us! MORE MORE JUMP!” we'll be answering them as we go.
Minori: In particular, a ton of you asked...
Shizuku: “Which personal care products do you all use?”
Haruka: Quite a few of our fans are girls, so that may explain why we received so many questions regarding this and fashion.
Airi: Yeah, but fashion will sadly have to wait until another time...
Airi: For now, we'll be discussing our favorite personal care products while actually putting them to use.
Comments: <Woohoo! I've been waiting for this!> <Does this mean I can look like Haruka if I use what she does?> <Tell me more! How do idols take care of themselves?!>
Airi: Then, let's start with Shizuku.
Shizuku: Okay, I'll be introducing the treatment oil I use for my hair.
Minori: Oh, I wanna know more about how you take care of your hair! I mean, yours always looks so gorgeous, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Would you all like to try using it? It has this wonderful fragrance.
Minori: Thanks! Oh wow... It smells sweet, like vanilla.
Shizuku: A few of my modeling friends introduced it to me. Apparently, it's used in quite a few hair salons.
Shizuku: It is a bit more expensive than what you normally see in stores, but this oil is incredible at making your hair really shine. And it feels so wonderful after using it.
Airi: Y-You're right...! My hair feels so light! It feels so smooth on my fingers!
Shizuku: Hehe. It's also perfect for winter as it prevents static from building up. I hope you all get a chance to try using it sometime.
(Black cut)
Haruka: Okay, I'll be introducing our next product.
Haruka: My choice is this body lotion.
Comments: <What?! I've seen that at the pharmacy!> <I've been using that too!!> <Really? It's so common.>
Haruka: Hehe. A fairly well-known pharmacy chain carries this, so I'm sure some of you have seen this before.
Haruka: On top of being a great moisturizer, this lotion possesses certain properties that help protect your skin against irritation.
Haruka: That, coupled with its relatively low cost per volume means you can use lots of it.
Minori: I started using it after Haruka recommended it to me. Not only does it not feel wet and sticky, it makes your skin really smooth and soft.
Airi: Oh, Minori, you use it too?
Minori: Yeah. Incidentally, the hand lotion I want to introduce is made by the same company!
Airi: I see. That's the perfect segue, so take it away.
Minori: Okay!
(Black cut)
Airi: That just leaves me! I brought along my beloved muscle roller!
Airi: Whenever I had to move around a lot or do something athletic for a variety show, I'd use this to loosen up my muscles afterwards.
Airi: Especially the soles of my feet! This thing really does wonders!
Haruka: Oh, it's made of wood, but it also feels nice in my hands. Mind if I tried using it, Airi?
Airi: Yeah, go for it!
Haruka: Oh, that does feel nice...
Minori: It does?! I usually massage myself down, but I don't think I've ever used anything like that before!
Airi: Then, wanna have Haruka use it on you? I'm guessing she's pretty good at this kind of stuff.
Haruka: Would that be alright, Minori? If so, come here.
Minori: What?! H-Haruka massaging me...? Hehe...
Airi: Someone's happy.
Shizuku: Hehe.
Haruka: Okay, Minori, I'm gonna try using it on your feet. Just try to relax for me.
Minori: Of course.
Haruka: Alright, here it goes.
Minori: O-Ow-wow-wow-wow-wow!
Haruka: Oh, sorry about that. Was that too strong? I sort of went with how I usually massage myself.
Minori: I-I'm okay... You startled me a little is all... Hahaha...
Shizuku: But you seemed to enjoy it when you were massaging your own feet, Haruka...
Shizuku: Would you mind trying it on me next?
Haruka: Sure. I'll go a little easier this time.
Shizuku: Hehe. That kind of tickles... It's okay if you go a little harder.
Haruka: Are you sure? Then... Is this good? It's about as hard as I went for Minori just now...
Shizuku: Oh, that feels wonderful... This is perfect.
Minori: Wh-What?!
Airi: Were you hamming it up just now, Minori...?
Shizuku: Ahh, that was so nice... Why don't you go next, Airi?
Airi: Me? Yeah, sure. Since we're at it...
Airi: O-Owwwwww!!
Airi: H-H-Haruka! S-Stop...!!
Haruka: Hm? I went pretty easy there just now. Was that too much for you, Airi?
Shizuku: Oh, could this mean that Minori and Airi's bodies are suffering from something...?
Haruka: Oh, that's right. They say that the place where it hurts is linked to another part of your body.
Haruka: And that seemed to be where the big toe joins her foot, as well as the arch... Which means there's possibly something wrong with your neck or organs.
Airi: Hmm... Is it because I sat at my desk for a really long time while planning for our training camp?
Minori: That has to be it! You need the most TLC out of all of us, Airi!
Haruka: I agree. I'm sure you'll feel a little better after I massage that part more.
Airi: Huh...?!
Minori: Oh...
Airi: M-Minori, what have you done...?!
Minori: Haha...
Haruka: Don't worry. I'll go a little easier than before, so let me just start from here and...
Airi: N-No, wait! I'm glad that you want to help, but...
(Background change)
Airi: A-Aaahhhhh...!!
(Black cut)
