519_Airi Momoi_R4 Solo Show Strategy Meeting! (event_73)

Gacha phrase: How's this?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[One month before the solo show]

[Rental Meeting Room]

Airi: Now, about today's meeting...
Airi: Saito gave me the final layout for the venue the other day, so I'd like to have a discussion about that.
Minori & Shizuku: Okay!
Haruka: Here, we can use this space.
Airi: Okay. Thanks, Haruka.
Shizuku: So... What's changed?
Airi: Where the equipment's going to be placed on the right and lefthand sides of the stage. It looks like they're going to be placed more towards the edges.
Minori: Oh, that means we'll be able to use almost all of the stage!
Haruka: And it'll make it easier for us to see everyone sitting in those sections.
Airi: Yeah, the equipment's pretty big too. I like the idea of moving them since they'd sorta dominate the show if you're sitting right next to them.
Airi: However, going forward with this means we're gonna need to rethink how we perform certain songs.
Minori: Wait, why?
Haruka: Oh, that's right... Our second song...
Shizuku: Our second song? Um... Oh, are you talking about the interlude...?
Minori: Huh? I still don't get it...
Airi: It's okay, Minori. Lemme explain how things are gonna go when we're actually on stage.
Airi: For our first song, we're gonna walk around as much of the stage as we can to get a good look at all of our fans' faces.
Airi: Do you remember where you're supposed to stand at the end, Minori?
Minori: Yes! Haruka and I are stage left, and you and Shizuku are stage right!
Airi: Correct. We'll stay in those positions and sing our second song until its interlude. Then, we'll walk out on stage to look at our fans, and meet back in the middle... Well, that was the plan...
Haruka: And there lies the problem.
Minori: Huh? So, this is the part you were talking about just now? About changing where the equipment is gonna be placed and how it'll affect the show?
Airi: Yeah, changing where they're placed will allow us to use more of the stage. You follow me there, right?
Minori: Y-Yeah...!
Airi: Because we'll get to use more of the stage, we'll have to physically travel greater distances.
Minori: Right, so...! Hm? Hang on...
Minori: I vaguely remember us talking a while back about trying to travel as much as we possibly could for the second song's interlude...
Airi: Yes, we did.
Haruka: As a result of these changes, we can't move as much as we initially planned for this part anymore because otherwise we won't make it in time.
Minori: Wait, what?!
Minori: W-Wait! What if we ran instead of walking?! Wouldn't that solve the problem?
Shizuku: Yes, but it may end up taking away from the dance we'll be doing following the interlude.
Haruka: Yeah. Especially since our original goal was to conserve our energy, build up some anticipation and stun the audience by performing a fun and dynamic dance routine for them.
Minori: *Gasp* Y-You're right...!!
Airi: ...
Airi: This is one of the parts we really focused on and practiced a lot for...
Airi: However...
Airi: There's no guarantee that what we want to show is what our fans actually want to see.
Airi: Given those options, I'll always prioritize the enjoyment of our fans over our own objectives.
Minori: Th-Then... Do we need to change the dance routine after the interlude?
Airi: That's the easiest solution... But we need to keep the energy going for the second half of our show, so not changing it would be best.
Shizuku: I agree. So, why don't we try thinking about what else we can do?
Minori: Yeah! Like... Changing the way we move during the interlude, maybe?
Haruka: And seeing exactly how much more space we'll have based on where the equipment is going to be moved.
Airi: Then, we'll be able to measure how much more time we'll need to travel that extra distance.
Airi: I know! What if we did this?
(Black cut)
Minori: Wait, you wanna extend the interlude?!
Airi: Yeah. I'm thinking that we can extend the song by looping a part of the interlude. That should give us the time we need to move around.
Airi: We'll need to test this to make sure it'll work, but it should be okay since it's not that big a change. Plus, it shouldn't affect the other parts of our show much.
Shizuku: Yes, and if this works, our dance routine should go just as we initially planned.
Haruka: It's actually pretty common to extend the interlude for a song to give everyone more time to engage with their fans during shows...
Haruka: And the fans usually end up enjoying these moments.
Airi: Then it's settled! I'll ask Saito right away to see if this idea will work.
Shizuku: Thank you, Airi.
Minori: Okay, lemme jot that down...
Haruka: What are you writing, Minori...?
Minori: Hehe. I'm writing down everything I learned during today's meeting!
Minori: We made these sorts of adjustments to the performance we did for the fan event, but I always seem to learn something new whenever we go through this process.
Airi: Hey, that's very studious of you.
Airi: And it's a good idea too since sudden changes can lead to causing a lot of people a lot of trouble...
Shizuku: But I'm sure our show will go well after holding discussions like this together.
Airi: Yeah.
Airi: And if it means putting smiles on all of our fans' faces, then we gotta do everything we can!
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: Yeah! Yes!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Rin: We promise to cheer for you like there's no tomorrow!
KAITO: I know you're nervous, Minori, but please try to enjoy your very first solo show.
Minori: R-Right! I really appreciate it, KAITO!
Minori: I'm gonna do the best I can! I really wanna make the most of my first solo show since I only get one chance to perform in it!
Shizuku: I suppose it's only natural to feel nervous before your first solo show...
Haruka: Yeah. But I think what KAITO and the others said helped her with that a little...
Airi: Yeah, more than a little.
Airi: But the rest is up to Minori herself.
Airi: (Considering how much she had to overcome to get here, I'm sure she'll do just fine...)
Airi: In any case, we should keep an eye on her and come up with a plan for when she's not feeling too great.
(Black cut)

[The next day]

Minori: One, two, three, four!
KAITO: Minori seems to be moving even better than yesterday.
Airi: Yeah, she is...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Airi's Room]

Airi: Alright... That's enough for stretches...
Airi: (We didn't get much time to practice today since we all had to deal with committee stuff...)
Airi: (But I think that allowed us to focus more on the task at hand.)
Airi: (And even though Minori looked like a nervous wreck yesterday, she moved today like none of that was bothering her anymore.)
Airi: Huh...? A message?
Minori: <I know it's late and I'm really sorry, Airi, but there's something I really need to ask you...!>
Minori: <Before practice tomorrow, can we do some special training in secret together like we did during our training camp?>
Airi: Is she talking about...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: (Based on what I saw today, she seemed to be doing everything that I told her...)
Airi: (But I guess she's still pretty concerned...)
Airi: (We don't have much time left until our show, so I am a little worried about her.)
Airi: <Yeah, of course.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

(Place: Stage SEKAI)
KAITO: Hm? Oh, Airi, Minori, hello.
Minori: Hello, KAITO, MEIKO!
MEIKO: You're both here awfully early. I thought you weren't going to practice until much later...
Airi: Minori asked me to hold a special practice session with her!
MEIKO: A special...
KAITO: Practice session?
KAITO: Hang on. That sounds like...
MEIKO: Like what they did during their training camp♪
MEIKO: This sounds like fun. Would you mind if we join in as well?
Minori: Y-You want to join us? Yes, please!!
KAITO: Wonderful! What do you need us to do?
Airi: In that case, would you mind being the audience for us?
Airi: I'd like you to see if Minori's performance is able to reach the people all the way in the back.
KAITO: Sounds good! That sounds like fun!
MEIKO: Alright, we'll head to the seats. Give us the signal when you're ready.
Airi: Thanks, will do!
Airi: Now, we need to get ready.
Minori: Right! I promise to do my best!
Airi: (Hmm... She doesn't seem nervous right now per se...)
Airi: By the way, Minori... Do you know if that one fan of yours is gonna be helping with our show?
Minori: Oh, Yuina? She said she's gonna come see us as a fan this time.
Airi: Ah, I see.
Airi: (I've sorta only been looking at the messages Saito's been sending us regarding our show... I really wish I had the time to look at fan mail.)
Minori: Oh, Hasegawa's gonna be there too! She sent an email saying that she received our invitation!
Airi: Yeah, we'll need to do our best to make her song shine!
Airi: (Hmm... She really doesn't seem that worried or nervous...)
Airi: Oh, what about the invitations for your parents? Have you had a chance to give them theirs...?
Minori: Of course! My little brother can't make it because he already has other commitments but my parents said they could!
Airi: That's great! This is gonna be your chance to really dazzle them with your cuteness!
Minori: Yeah! Hehe. They probably won't know what to do with themselves when they see me performing like a real idol!
Airi: Haha! What do you mean “like”? You are a real idol!
Airi: (Where's that nervous wreck I saw the other day? Well, she seems to be in a good place mentally, so I guess I should just let sleeping dogs lie.)
KAITO: Girls! Does here work?!
Airi: Yeah! Perfect!
Airi: Alright, Minori! They're all set! How about you?
Minori: I'm ready whenever!
Airi: Okay, let's start our special training session!
(Black cut)
