546_Airi Momoi_R4 Many Feelings Delivered (event_78)

Gacha phrase: It's an even better response than expected.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Airi: (Us appearing on TV, huh...?)
Airi: (I told everyone that we should sleep on it before making a decision, so I should probably step back to reevaluate our situation...)
???: Airi, wait!
Airi: Hm? Shizuku? I thought you were going to archery club today.
Shizuku: I was, but I decided not to go because I wanted to use that time to think about us appearing on TV.
Airi: I see...
Shizuku: Would you mind if we talked for a bit on our way home, Airi?
Airi: Of course I wouldn't. I mean, this problem involves all of us.
Shizuku: I really appreciate it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: So, Airi, you're for us making this appearance, yes?
Airi: Yeah. Like I said when we were on the rooftop, I feel that the benefits far outweigh the costs.
Airi: Also, I think hashing out all the good and bad regarding the media is really important...
Airi: Haruka doesn't seem to have much experience with that, which may be why she's so apprehensive.
Shizuku: Right...
Shizuku: I'm actually a little worried about how they're going to introduce and present Minori...
Airi: Well, after putting on our solo show, I doubt they're gonna label her an “amateur” or anything like that...
Airi: Still, there really is a lot that we need to consider...
Shizuku: Yes, there is...
Airi: By the way, did you ever meet the old director for The Wide World of Laughs? He worked on a music variety show after that, so I'm pretty sure that you have, Shizuku...
Shizuku: I remember, but I don't understand what he has to do with our current situation...?
Airi: So, when I appeared on his show with QT, they really surprised us with the way they edited everything. Our agency couldn't believe it either.
Shizuku: What?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: We did a tongue twister game for one segment, and I didn't make any mistakes as they began throwing some curveballs at me.
Airi: Then, they challenged me with a tongue twister that even some announcers have trouble saying.
Airi: I was doing just fine until then, but I got so mixed up that it sounded like I was casting a spell for something.
Airi: At the same time, that's pretty common for TV, right? Someone boasts that a task is gonna be a piece of cake and they end up failing miserably.
Shizuku: Yes... That seems fairly standard for variety shows.
Airi: Or so you'd think...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: When I saw it on TV, they'd completely left out the part where I did well and only kept the part where I totally messed up.
Shizuku: Left out...? They cut all of it?
Airi: Yup. They even left in the talk portions that didn't have to do with the tongue twisters, so I've gotta think what they did was intentional.
Airi: At the time, neither our group nor our agency could figure out why they edited the show that way.
Airi: However, I learned something when we were asked to make another appearance.
Airi: The program was meant to be about challenges, but as it turns out, he wanted to feature people who made mistakes or just barely managed to succeed over the ones who didn't have any trouble.
Airi: In theory, that makes for a more fun and interesting program...
Airi: But it became clear that he wanted to shine the spotlight on those who were trying their very best.
Shizuku: Oh...
Shizuku: Now that you mention it, he always made sure to praise new members and tell them how good of a job they did.
Airi: Exactly. And he was someone who really paid attention to people who went the extra mile.
Airi: While some people may ask you to do crazy things, there are also those who pick up on what you want others to see.
Shizuku: Yes, that's true...
Airi: Oh, sorry... I didn't mean to surprise you with this story.
Airi: My opinion is based on my own lived experience, Shizuku, so you have to come up with your own, okay?
Shizuku: Yes, I understand.
Shizuku: Actually, your story reminded me of when I appeared on this one program a long time ago.
Airi: Really? Go on.
Airi: After talking about this with you, Shizuku, I kinda want to go back and watch all our old shows.
Airi: It'd be nice to get back in the groove of all that.
Shizuku: I'd like to as well. I hope we still have the recordings...
Shizuku: Oh, I particularly would like to see that tongue twister game you mentioned.
Airi: Sure, but... Wait, you just want to see the part where I mess up, don't you?
Shizuku: Hehe. Oh, Airi. You know me too well.
Airi: Hah, that's cute. You're not gonna fool me so easily.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Then, I'll reply to this person's offer before the end of the day.
Airi: Great, thanks!
Minori: Wow, we're really gonna be on TV...! We need to tell all of our stream viewers about this!
Airi: Yeah, we do. We'll probably be meeting with people from the show, so we also need to ask them about how and when we can advertise our appearance.
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm looking forward to seeing how our fans are going to react.
Minori: They're not gonna be able to contain themselves! I mean, I'm having trouble already!
Shizuku: But it's going to be your very first TV appearance, Minori.
Airi: Yeah, you should start mentally preparing yourself for it as soon as you can.
Minori: D-Don't worry, I'll do just fine!
Airi: Oh? Someone feels confident. In that case, why don't we leave all the talking to you?
Minori: Eep! I didn't mean it like that!
Haruka, Shizuku, Airi & Minori: Hehe. Haha.
Minori: Actually... Is there anything we can do right now to start preparing for it?
Haruka: Well, a few things come to mind... For example, writing down stories.
Airi: Yeah! You'll never get stuck for words as long as you have some stories about you or someone you know, including hearsay and gossip, jotted down.
Shizuku: That reminds me of Airi's little notepad. She'd been writing down stories and such in it for quite a long time.
Shizuku: I sort of couldn't believe what I saw when she showed me what she'd written. It looked like a dictionary.
Airi: Yeah, I kept running out of things to talk about when I was still doing variety shows. So, I constantly searched for juicy scoops.
Minori: I see...!
Airi: Researching who you're going to be appearing with is also important.
Haruka: Yes, that's incredibly important.
Haruka: New celebrities in particular tend to only appear alongside their seniors, so it's good to look up when they debuted, what they do and such...
Minori: *Nod*
Shizuku: Hehe. It's always nice to hear from others that they know who you are and what you do.
Airi: It's also important for developing a good relationship with someone. After all, it's hard to tell how long you'll be working with them.
Airi: To be fair, we still don't know about the other guests we'll be appearing alongside yet.
Minori: Hehe. They even said that they've invited some guests who've been making headlines lately! How great would it be if we got to know each other really well?
Shizuku: That may depend on which agency they belong to.
Minori: What?! Wh-Why?!
Airi: Sadly, a lot of reasons. Some agencies want to prevent their respective groups from creating conflict with each other.
Airi: Some groups are famous for being cool or mysterious, so they'll try to stay in character even when the cameras aren't rolling.
Minori: O-Oh, I see...
Minori: I don't know about any of these unspoken rules. I'm starting to get a little worried...
Haruka: That's okay. We'll make sure to teach everything that we think you should know.
Airi: Right. So, Minori, you can leave all of that to us!
Airi: We're gonna give you all the advice we can so that people won't forget who you are!
Shizuku & Minori: Yeah!
Airi: Okay, maybe that's going a bit too far...
Airi: I sort of can't help it since it's always how I pumped myself up for variety show appearances.
Haruka: No, I think we need to have that sort of motivation. I mean, MORE MORE JUMP! is appearing on TV for the very first time.
Haruka: I also don't have much experience appearing on variety shows, so I might ask you for some more advice, Airi.
Airi: Oh? Then, I guess I have no choice but to give you all a little seminar about my experiences.
Minori: You're the best, Airi!
Airi: Hehe. But above all else, our goal is to have everyone see what MORE MORE JUMP! is really about.
Haruka: I agree. We'll need to be mindful about that when we go meet with the show staff.
Shizuku: Right. After all, this appearance will likely greatly affect how the public views us moving forward.
Minori: Yeah! I still don't know how I'm gonna be able to help us, but I promise to try my best!
Airi: That's the spirit, Minori! Honestly, you can only plan for so much.
Airi: Anyway, it's time to practice! Let's get started with some stretches!
Shizuku, Minori & Haruka: Okay! Yes!
(Black cut)
