559_Airi Momoi_R3 Intro To Tea Ceremony (event_80)

Gacha phrase: Matcha tastes best when you brew it yourself, right?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Alright, I think we've got our new formation totally down!
Haruka: Yeah, and this seems like a good place to stop our morning practice.
Minori: Okay! Whew, I'm exhausted...
Shizuku: Hehe. You did come here very early this morning to practice, Minori.
Minori: Hehe. It's been so long since we last practiced on the rooftop that I couldn't help but feel excited!
Haruka: It did snow a lot recently, which led to it being closed off.
Airi: Right. Thankfully, we got to practice using one of the stages in SEKAI.
Haruka: And it's supposed to be sunny all day today, so we should be able to practice up here after school.
Minori: Really? Yay!
Airi: Oh, that reminds me. About practicing after school...
Airi: I was hoping to stop by my club today, so I won't be able to make it today. Sorry, I know this is pretty sudden.
Shizuku: I see... But it is important to stay active in our various clubs. So, Airi, please have fun!
Minori: Yeah! We'll handle things here and promise to work extra hard while you're gone!
Haruka: Hehe. So no need to worry, Airi.
Airi: Okay, okay. Message received.
Airi: (But I'll need to make up for the time I'll be losing by practicing on my own later.)
Haruka: You're in the tea ceremony club, right, Airi?
Airi: Yeah, that's right.
Minori: The tea ceremony club... It sounds nice to get to have good tea and have nice snacks to go along with it...
Airi: Yes, having tea and snacks is a part of the ceremony, but focusing on that means you're sort of missing the quintessential point of our club.
Minori: Q-Quintessential point...?!
Airi: That's right! Tea ceremonies require you to know how to use each item properly, have a good understanding of etiquette and be in the right state of mind...
Airi: In other words, it's meant to be a work of art!
Haruka, Minori & Shizuku: Whoa!!!
Airi: To be fair, I'm not really in a position to be saying that.
Airi: A part of me wanted to know how tea ceremonies worked, but another part of me was hoping to have some tasty treats.
Airi: However, actually taking part has taught me a lot. It's actually really interesting.
Haruka: There's quite a bit of history behind it as well. Which aspect of it did you find the most appealing, Airi?
Airi: Well... Tea ceremonies have different styles, like martial arts. For instance, depending on your style, the etiquette and the bowls and utensils you use can differ greatly.
Airi: The teacher usually teaches us the style they studied, but we also invite practitioners of other styles and have them teach us from time to time.
Minori: Wow... It sounds like you have to learn so much...
Airi: Hehe. I actually really enjoy learning about all these different styles.
Airi: And I want to go today because we get to speak with one of those visitors today.
Shizuku: That means this is a special day for you.
Airi: Yeah, it sort of is. Not only that, I heard that we get to see some really rare tea bowls, so I'm really looking forward to seeing them!
Haruka: Were they made by somebody famous?
Airi: Yeah, some of them apparently were. Also, it's fun to see how ceramic objects differ depending on where they were fired.
Airi: Obviously, no two really look the same, but they also usually feel different in your hand in terms of weight and texture.
Minori: Th-The way you're talking, Airi... You sound like an expert!
Shizuku: By the way, Airi, what kind of tea bowl is your favorite?
Airi: My favorite...? I think I like bowls that feel bumpy but have a glossy glaze. To me, those seem the most unique and have the most presence. 
Minori: G-Glaze...? Presence...?
Airi: You know how ceramics usually look all smooth and shiny? Glaze is essentially glass, which gives it that effect.
Shizuku: Oh, it's called glaze? That's good to know!
Haruka: I have a vague picture in my head of the kind of bowl you just described, but it'd be nice sometime to actually see one...
Airi: Hehe. Yes, you should! Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to go into so much detail...
Shizuku: No, that's okay.
Shizuku: You seemed to really enjoy talking about this, which put smiles on all our faces.
Haruka: Yeah, your eyes sparkled while you talked.
Airi: R-Really?
Airi: A-Anyway! Today, club activities will be taking priority over practice.
Shizuku: Of course! I hope you have fun, Airi.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Huh? You wanna try some matcha?
Minori: Yeah! You spoke so passionately about doing tea ceremonies that I couldn't help but feel a little interested.
Shizuku: Yes, you certainly seemed to enjoy talking about it yesterday.
Airi: Please try to forget about that... I feel embarrassed for going as in-depth as I did.
Haruka: Hehe. I'm with Minori on this one. I also found your story very interesting.
Shizuku: That was actually what the three of us talked about after school during practice.
Shizuku: We all sort of wished that we were in attendance when the tea ceremony club did a demonstration at the School Festival.
Airi: Oh, really? It's great to hear that you're all so interested!
Airi: (I'd like to do something for them since they're expressing so much interest in tea ceremonies...)
Airi: Yeah, that might work...!
Airi: Leave this one to me! I know what we can do!
Minori: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend]

[Airi's Room]

Airi: So, we'll be having a tea ceremony demo today!
Minori: Woohoo!
Haruka: Thank you for doing this, Airi. Not only are you providing the space for us to do this, but also the equipment and sweets.
Airi: This is the least I could do. I mean, seeing all of you show so much interest in this made me really happy.
Minori: Oh, so this is the container for the tea...! And these are the tea bowls!
Airi: That's right. The two in the front are the ones I usually use. Shizuku brought the other two.
Haruka: Interesting... Your bowls are more vibrantly colored than I was expecting. They feel nice and casual.
Shizuku: I agree, and these pink accents are so cute. Just like you, Airi.
Minori: Yeah. Wait, hang on... You use these on a regular basis?!
Airi: Yeah. Sometimes I get these massive cravings for matcha. Especially when I bring home some seasonal Japanese sweets!
Airi: If anything, the bowls Shizuku brought are more like what you'd normally see.
Haruka: True. You said that you borrowed these from your mom?
Shizuku: Yes, that's right. She plays the koto, but she also apparently spent some time learning how to perform tea ceremonies.
Minori: Which is why you had these at your house! That's so cool!
Haruka: Still, it's amazing how two tea bowls can give off such different vibes...
Airi: Hehe. See what I mean? However, this is just the tip of the iceberg.
Airi: So, why don't we start making and drinking some matcha? I'll start us off.
Airi: We're just having a casual gathering today, so feel free to have some snacks while I do it.
Shizuku: Okay♪
Airi: First, you put some matcha powder into the bowl, pour in some hot water and...
Haruka: It looks so easy when you do it.
Shizuku: Yes, it's very impressive.
Minori: I didn't realize that you had to go all whisk-whisk-whisk like that...
Airi: Ah, nice observation.
Airi: The number one reason for doing this is to bring out the aroma! If you mix the matcha powder and hot water together just right, it starts smelling really good.
Shizuku: Oh, now that you mention it... This tea smells very nice.
Airi: Hehe. Right?
Airi: Alright, it's ready.
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: Ooh!
Airi: After you, Minori.
Minori: Me?! But I don't know how I'm supposed to drink this!
Airi: Again, this is all meant to be super casual. Don't worry about any of that stuff.
Minori: R-Right..! Then...
Minori: Here goes nothing!
Minori: Oh... It's not as bitter as I was expecting... Actually, it's really good!
Airi: Hehe. That's good to hear. Your second and third sips should progressively get more flavorful, so I hope you enjoy.
Haruka: Wow, you really do know a lot about this.
Airi: Not really. This is all stuff I learned during club activities, and I don't get to go that much.
Minori: Really? I think it's really great how you know all this stuff about tea ceremonies!
Airi: Hehe. Thanks, Minori.
Shizuku: Oh, Airi, if you don't mind, I'd like to have some.
Airi: Sure thing. I'll whip some up right now.
Airi: I'm gonna have you all try this in a bit, so pay close attention!
Minori, Shizuku & Haruka: Okay!
(Black cut)
