611_Airi Momoi_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: I guess they all gained some hope from me.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

[Airi's Room]

Airi: Just one minute away from tomorrow...
Airi: I'm sure the messages will come flooding in at exactly— Huh?
Ena: <Happy birthday, Airi! Let's hang out and go shopping together sometime—when you're not busy with idol stuff of course!>
Airi: Hehe, oh Ena. It's not my birthday yet.
Airi: I bet she wanted to be the first one to wish me a happy birthday and pressed send a little too early.
Airi: Ah, it's midnight!
Minori: <Happy birthday, Airi! I can't wait to get celebrating in our special livestream later today♪>
Mizuki: <Good morning, Airi! Aaand...happy birthday♪ Looking forward to watching your birthday stream later!>
Haruka: <Happy birthday, Airi! Rest assured that I'll be there to help you make today's livestream an exciting one.>
Haruka: <Also, I know you're probably getting a lot of messages right now, so don't worry about replying to me.>
Airi: As if I would agree to that! Let's see, I'll reply to Ena first—
Shizuku: <Airi! I'm always wishing you a happy birthday! I'll make sure you have an absolutely wonderful day.>
Airi: Hehe, what do you mean, “always”? That's a Minori-level mistake...
Airi: Oh? My phone flashed...
Rin: <Airi! Good morning!>
Airi: Oh, if it isn't Rin! What are you doing staying up this late?
Rin: <Hehehe, on behalf of everyone in SEKAI, I'm here to pay you a visit on your special day♪>
Rin: <Happy birthday, Airi!>
Airi: Thank you, Rin! I'm so happy that you came to see me like this.
Rin: <Oh no, I'm glad that I got the chance to say happy birthday♪>
Rin: <Since it was too late for all of us to visit, we decided to hold a rock paper scissors championship to decide who would go.>
Airi: So I'm the lucky one who gets to celebrate with the grand champ Rin, huh. Maybe some of that luck will rub off on me.
Airi: Oh, looks like I got another message. Oh, wait...
Airi: Hahaha!
Rin: <Whoa, was it really that funny? Can I see?>
Airi: Here... Hehe, you better brace yourself for this one.
Rin: <Awesome! Oh, it looks like an idol group photo...huh?>
Rin: <Haha! What is this? Everyone's pulling silly faces!>
Airi: Ahhh, they managed to make me laugh this year, too.
Airi: The girls in this picture are from my old idol group, QT.
Airi: Even after I left the group, they never fail to send me birthday wishes—with silly group selfies, too.
Airi: I bet it's their way of reminding me to fill my days with fun and making me laugh while they're at it.
Rin: <They sound like lovely people if they'd keep sending you birthday wishes even after you left.>
Airi: Yeah, they really are...
Airi: When times get tough, or I need a pick-me-up, looking at those silly selfies they send me makes me feel better.
Rin: <Oh, I see. Then you better tell them you're doing fine♪>
Airi: Yeah!
Airi: (I have a feeling today's going to be super fun!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rental Meeting Room]

Minori: Ready, everyone?
Minori: It's time for Airi's Special Birthday Livestream♪
Airi: Let's get this party started!
Haruka & Shizuku: Yeah!
Comments: <Yippee! It's finally time!> <Happy bday, Airi!> <You're the best! I love you!>
Minori: Whoa, whoa, whoa! I knew there'd be lots of comments, but not this many! Look at them go!
Shizuku: Um... “Airi, happy...”, “thanks for...”, “you're my favorite...”
Haruka: Hehe, they're too fast to read.
Airi: Thank you all for your birthday wishes! I'll make sure to read them all later, so stay tuned♪
Airi: Okay! Since it's my birthday, how about I kick things off with a song?
Airi: Alright! I'll get ready!
Minori: Okay!
Comments: <Huh? She's singing live?!> <Yay! What're you gonna sing?> <A surprise song?! I'm gonna faint!>
Haruka: It's an original song that we performed at our solo show.
Minori: Exactly. But this time... Airi will be performing a solo rendition of it!
Comments: <Solo?!> <Whoa, now I can tick this off my bucket list.> <I'm listening.>
Haruka: Airi said she wanted to surprise you fans with something as a thank you for all your support, so she's been rehearsing for quite a while now.
Shizuku: Yeah. When I heard her practice, she was so captivating that she left me speechless.
Airi: Why, what a lovely compliment.
Airi: Thank you all for your patience! I'm ready to go!
Comments: <That's what she wore during the solo show!> <Whoa, she looks amazing!> <Thank you so much for this!>
Airi: Alrighty, let's raise the roof! Lemme hear it!
Minori: Yeah♪
Airi: And what about you guys?
Haruka & Shizuku: Yeah♪
Airi: Is everyone on the livestream ready?
Comments: <Yeah♪> <Woohoo! Yay♪> <Yeah!>
(Black cut)
Shizuku: I can't believe we've reached the end of the stream already.
Airi: Yeah, but I performed the song, we got to talk a lot, and loads of our viewers joined in on the chat. It was so fun.
Comments: <I had loads of fun, too!> <I wish we could have a birthday stream every day.> <Your solo rendition was amazing!>
Haruka: Hehe. Sounds like our viewers had lots of fun.
Comments: <Are you guys gonna go celebrate after the stream?>
Airi: Yes, we are! We're going to get together with friends and go all out!
Comments: <That sounds great!> <Let your hair down!> <Airi, thank you so much for putting on this livestream!>
Airi: I'm the one who should be saying thank you. From the bottom of my heart, thank you to all of you for watching.
Airi: I couldn't be happier to have so many lovely fans like you!
Airi: I promise to give my all every day as a member of MORE MORE JUMP! I hope you'll continue to support me♪
Airi: And that's it from me, Airi Momoi♪ This has been one special delivery of love!
Comments: <I'll support you for the rest of my life!> <Love you Airi!> <Girl, you got this!>
Airi: Oh, you guys...
Airi: Thank you for today!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori)

[Cafe]

Saki: Hey, look everyone! Airi and the others are here!
Emu: It's Airi! Hey everyone! Glad you made it☆
An: Hey everyone!
Airi: Sorry to have kept you all waiting. Our livestream went great!
Kohane: We all watched it together! Your solo was really incredible!
Saki: Yeah♪ If it was karaoke, everyone would've wanted to join in!
Shizuku: Hehe. Aren't you glad they enjoyed it, Airi?
Airi: Yeah!
Shiho: Saki, I know you're excited and all, but aren't you forgetting something?
Saki: Oh, that's right! Let's go, Emu!
Emu: Okay!
Airi: What could that be?
Saki: Here it is☆
Airi: Now that's a big box. What's inside?
Emu: Hehehe, time for the big reveal! Ta-daa☆
Airi: Wow, a cake! It's so pretty and pink!
Emu: Yeah, it sure is— Aaaah!
Emu: Oh no, Saki! The decorations are missing!
Saki: Whoa, you're right! Now it's just a plain old pink cake!
Airi: I guess so, now that you mention it... Although, I thought that's what you were going for.
Kohane: O-Oh no! This was supposed to be Airi's special birthday cake!
An: This is terrible! Now we can't celebrate anymore!
Airi: (Hm? They look oddly happy about this...)
Shiho: Don't worry. Here's some fruit we can use to decorate it.
Shizuku: Oh, Shii! Trust you to come up with a wonderful idea like that!
Minori: Yeah! Just wait a moment, Airi! We'll have your cake decorated in no time!
Airi: Hehe, so this was the surprise, huh. I expect some top-notch decorating from you!
An: Alright! Kohane, how about we line up the strawberries and kiwi slices?
Shizuku: We'll work on the pineapple and mandarin pieces!
Haruka: And we'll decorate with the blueberries and mango chunks!
Airi: (Wow, they're making good speed with this. I wouldn't be surprised if they even practiced.)
Airi: Huh? There's a gaping hole right in the center.
Emu: Hehehe. Why, that's to make room for these☆
Saki: Ta-daa♪ They're marzipan figurines of you, Airi! Emu and I made them!
Saki: This is Happy Everyday Airi, then there's Airi in school uniform, and finally, MMJ Airi!
Airi: Wow, would you look at that! Did you guys seriously make these yourselves?
Emu: Yeah! We remembered the stuff you taught us and did our best to make them!
Saki: We tried our hardest!
Airi: (Hehe, I can tell they really tried their best to strike a balance with the head and body proportions, and the detail in the face and hair.)
Airi: Thank you, Saki, Emu. You did an amazing job.
Airi: The Happy Everyday and idol me look so energetic, and the school me looks so smart. I love them!
Airi: I think they turned out really well!
Emu: Hurray Saki! Airi complimented our handiwork!
Saki: Yay! We did it, Emu♪
Kohane: Airi, we have something to show you, too.
An: Well, it's actually a surprise from Mizuki and Ena. Here you go!
Airi: An, Kohane, thank you. This looks like a card...
Airi: Huh? There's only a URL.
Kohane: Hehe, that URL is for a video. I'll play it for you!
Airi: Wh-What! This is gorgeous!
Shizuku: Oh! It's an animated short of us dancing and singing on stage!
Haruka: Wow, the poses and expressions are so in sync with the music.
Airi: Plus, I bet it was hard to illustrate every single pose.
An: Although Akito was the one who handed me the card, I also got a message from Ena for you!
An: She said, “I was super hung up on the details so it's kind of short, but isn't it just the cutest?”
Airi: Yeah, it really is! I'm honestly lost for words!
Airi: That said, trust Ena to make her brother run errands for her...
Kohane: Oh, speaking of, he told me to tell you “have a good one”.
Airi: Hehe, thanks. I'll make sure to thank Akito the next time I see him.
Saki: Alright, now it's time to take a photo. Everyone gather in front of the cake♪ Ready, Kohane?
Kohane: Yeah! Now to set the timer, and... Okay everyone, we've got ten seconds!
Airi: (I got to celebrate with my fans, and now my friends are doing all this for me.)
Airi: Today really is the best!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000174/bg_s000174.png)
Akito: Happy birthday, Momoi. I hope you and Ena continue to be good friends. Of course, don't feel like you need to go out of your way for her though.
Ena: Hey, what's that all about? You make it sound like I'm a burden to her.
Mizuki: The only person you're burdening here is your li'l bro. Thanks for delivering the card♪
Mizuki: Since we spent all night editing, our faces looked terrible, so we couldn't possibly present it to her in person...
Akito: All I did was give the card to Kohane and the others and pass on a message. Thank them instead.
Ena: We will. But thank you too, anyway.
Ena: Airi, I'll tell you all about how we made the animated short next time we meet up! Again, happy birthday!
Kohane: Happy birthday, Airi. I'm so glad you liked the cake and video surprises!
An: We managed to get quite a bit of cake decoration practice in by using small figurines and plastic fruit! I'm glad it all paid off.
Shiho: Oh yeah, the marzipan figurines turned out well. I was a bit concerned when I heard we were going to leave those in the hands of Saki and Otori...
Saki: Heh heh heh, some of Airi's skill rubbed off on us! I mean, she taught us how to make faces, so all that was left was to keep trying until they were 100% perfect!
Emu: That's what Happy Everyday said on TV♪ So we both gave it our all!
Saki: Yeah♪ Airi, we'll be your fans forever and ever and eeever! We're right behind you!
Minori: Happy birthday, Airi! Seeing you smile all day made me so happy.
Haruka: I was glad to see all our livestream fans and everyone at the party having so much fun.
Shizuku: Everybody loves you, Airi. They must have been happy to be able to celebrate so much today. I sure was!
Haruka: Hehe, that's right. Happy birthday, Airi.
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Airi!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Airi: I was really touched by everyone's birthday wishes and words of support.
Airi: It made me realize that every message I got was coming from somebody I gave hope.
Airi: I promise to keep spreading hope as Airi Momoi of MORE MORE JUMP!
Airi: You right there! Watch out 'cause I'm coming your way!
Airi: Hehe. I'm just messing around.
(White cut)
