630_Airi Momoi_R4 Growing Distance (event_92)

Gacha phrase: I guess this can't be helped...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Ena Shinonome)

[Airi's Room]

Airi: Okay, let's have a look at tomorrow's schedule... We have that meeting in the morning and will head to school in the afternoon.
Airi: Haruka and Minori already know that we won't make our morning practice...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: I've made up my mind...
Minori: I'm...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: (I gave her a lot to think about, but I'm glad she arrived on an answer that she's happy with...)
Airi: (Especially since she made me realize something really important...)
Airi: Oh, hehe. Right on time...
Airi: Hey, what's up?
(Background change)
Ena: <Thanks for setting aside some time so we can chat, Airi!>
Airi: That's all good. We haven't seen each other at all recently, so I was really happy when you said you wanted to talk.
Ena: <Really? Great!>
(Background change)
Ena: <Still, you guys really have been busy lately. I'm sure you're handling things fine... But don't push yourself too hard, okay?>
(Background change)
Airi: Thanks, I appreciate it. But as an idol, my physical condition is one of my biggest assets, so I'm making sure to take good care of it.
Airi: Actually, Ena, I'm more concerned about you. Are you still a total night owl?
Ena: <Huh? Me? I'm completely fine! I mean, I've always been a night owl.>
(Background change)
Ena: <Oh yeah... Did you hear about the new cafe that opened up by the station?>
(Background change)
Airi: A new cafe? What's it supposed to be like?
Ena: <Half of it's a cafe, but the other half's supposed to be an antiques shop.>
Ena: <Everything in the cafe is also apparently for sale. If you like the decor or the tableware they use, you can just buy the exact same ones on the spot.>
Airi: Really...?! This cafe's starting to sound pretty fun.
Ena: <I know, right? On top of all that, their signature menu item is this tea and chiffon cake set that's decorated in a really cute way. I bet it'll get a ton of buzz online.>
(Background change)
Ena: <Wanna go together sometime? Maybe this week...? No, that's probably too short notice, huh...?>
(Background change)
Airi: Yeah... I have work all this week and next...
Ena: <Okay. Yeah, that's understandable.>
Ena: <Then, how about next month?>
Airi: Well... The weekends are gonna be tough. I might be able to go in the evening during the week...
Airi: But you have school then, right, Ena...?
Ena: <Yeah... To be fair, the cafe's new and getting a ton of business, so I doubt it's gonna fold anytime soon.>
Airi: True. I'll let you know when I'm free.
Ena: <Okay! Looking forward to it!>
(Background change)
Airi: (Ena never changes... She always lets me know about these new places and invites me to go check them out...)
Airi: (I mean, there was one point when I was so busy that we didn't see each other for a month or so.)
Airi: (Of course, Ena was going through some tough stuff right around that time too...)
Airi: (But she still came over to talk so happily when she saw me at school...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: (Seeing her smile made any feeling of awkwardness about our reunion go away...)
Airi: (Ena's honest with her feelings. She doesn't hold anything back, in a good way...)
Airi: (That must be why we've been able to stay friends this whole time.)
Airi: Um, Ena...?
(Background change)
Ena: <Hm?>
Airi: Remember that time during junior high when we didn't see each other for like a month because we both had so much going on?
Ena: <Yeah, I remember... What about it?>
Airi: So... How do I put this...?
(Background change)
Airi: I wanna thank you for coming to talk to me like nothing had changed after not seeing each other for so long...
Airi: Your smile made me feel so much better that time.
(Background change)
Ena: <Huh? R-Really? Why...?>
Airi: Why...? Because it's pretty normal to not be sure how to interact with someone after not seeing them for so long, right?
Ena: <Yeah, I guess so...>
(Background change)
Ena: <Talk about a blast from the past...>
Ena: <I remember watching TV every single day to make sure I caught all the shows you were on, Airi...>
Ena: <And I went back to rewatch recordings of them on the days you weren't scheduled to appear...>
(Background change)
Airi: Wait, really?
Airi: I remember you sending me feedback on occasion regarding what you saw, so I had a feeling that you were a pretty avid viewer. Still...
Ena: <Hehe. Because of that, I got to meet you every day. Your smile would always help me forget about what was on my mind for a little while.>
Airi: ...!
(Background change)
Ena: <Which is probably why talking to you after being away for so long didn't feel awkward at all. It's like you were never gone.>
(Background change)
(Background change)
Airi: For the longest time, Ena, I kept beating myself up about not being there for you when you were going through so much pain...
Ena: <No, don't say that...>
Ena: <You've always been there to cheer me up. Always. You're a big reason why I'm still doing art.>
(Background change)
Ena: <So, Airi, thank you for what you did that time...>
(Background change)
Airi: H-Hey, no fair...! What's with the sob story all of a sudden?!
(Background change)
Ena: <What?! You started it!>
Airi: I didn't have a choice because there's something I need to tell you!
Ena: <Tell me...?>
Airi: Yeah!
(Background change)
Airi: Ena, thanks for being my friend!
(Background change)
Ena: <...!>
Ena: <Is that all? Of course I'm your friend.>
(Background change)
Airi: (She made it possible for us to pick up where we left off like nothing happened...)
(Background change)
Airi: Really, I can't thank you enough.
Airi: And about that cafe. I promise to let you know when there's a gap in my schedule!
Ena: <Okay. I'll invite you again if I find anywhere else that looks delicious or interesting, so keep your schedule open!>
Airi: Yeah, you got it!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Airi: (Hehe. That was a nice morning workout.)
Airi: (We're all coming along nicely with that dance routine, so it might be time for us to start practicing singing while we dance.)
Airi: (Wait, stop... Quit thinking so much about practice. I have to focus on classes now!)
Ayumi: Oh, Airi, good morning!
Airi: Oh, Ayumi! Morning!
Ayumi: Did your morning practice just finish?
Airi: Yup. Dancing felt great since it's so nice out today.
Ayumi: Dance practice first thing in the morning... How do you do it? I'm still barely half awake...
Ayumi: Oh, that reminds me! I saw your stream yesterday! That “What's In Our Bags?!” segment was so much fun!
Airi: It was?! Can you tell me more about what you thought? What stood out to you the most?!
Ayumi: Sure! Hmm, well...
Ayumi: The contents of your bag definitely stood out to me the most, Airi.
Ayumi: Your pink pencil case and the pouch with kittens all over it really made it obvious that it was your bag!
Ayumi: The heart-shaped keychain you had on that pouch was also really cute. And so sparkly!
Airi: Oh, that? I got it at one of the shops on Main Street after falling in love with it at first sight!
Ayumi: Wait, really?! What was that shop called?
Airi: Umm... I wanna say it had “jewelry” in its name, or something like it...
Ayumi: Oh, are you talking about Jeweller TOY BOX?
Airi: Yeah, that's it! You know about it too, Ayumi?
Ayumi: Yup! I went one time after a friend tipped me off to it.
Ayumi: Do you know why they chose that name? It's a really great reason!
Airi: No, I don't! Tell me!
Ayumi: Hehe. They wanted their shop to be “A toy box filled with shiny gems just for you”!
Airi: Really?! Yeah, it definitely works with their theme!
Ayumi: Right? They had so much nice stuff too. It'd be great if we could go together sometime, Airi...
Airi: Oh...
Ayumi: Wait, no... I'm sorry! I couldn't help myself... Uhh...
Airi: Thanks, Ayumi.
Airi: I'm all booked up this month, so I won't be able to anytime soon...
Airi: But I also really, really wanna go check it out with you, Ayumi.
Ayumi: Airi...
Airi: Wait, hang on! If we're going after school, I might actually be able to next week!
Airi: We're taking a day off from practice to give ourselves time to recover. I also don't have work that day, so I think we can go.
Ayumi: Really?! I'd be totally okay with us just stopping by after school since it's not a very big shop.
Ayumi: Oh, but...
Ayumi: Are you sure? It's supposed to be your day off, right?
Airi: Of course. I'll let you know once I've had a chance to take another look at our schedule.
Airi: I'm really looking forward to going with you, Ayumi!
Ayumi: ...!
Ayumi: Yeah... Me too...!
Ayumi: Thank you so much, Airi! I can't wait either! This is so exciting!
Airi: Oh no...! Homeroom's about to start.
Ayumi: Yeah, we gotta get to our classrooms! I'll be waiting to hear back from you, Airi!
Airi: Sure thing! I'll try to message you as soon as I can!
Airi: We made plans to hang out together. Just like old times...
Airi: (Well, things aren't completely the same as they were back then...)
Airi: (But we still clearly want to talk and hang out with each other. That hasn't changed at all.)
Airi: (I need to keep treasuring that connection.)
(Black cut)
