665_Airi Momoi_R4 For A Bigger, Better Stream (event_98)

Gacha phrase: The price looks just right.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: “The bonds you've forged with your friends won't easily break.”
Minori: I want to believe that too!
Airi: Minori...
Shizuku: Which means... We're all going to be credit-based, yes?
Haruka: Yeah. So...
Haruka: We can start accepting those offers we initially couldn't.
Airi: Right...
Airi: (Thank you, Minori. I really appreciate how seriously you've been taking this matter.)
Minori: Oh, while we're on the subject... I tried coming up with a schedule to help myself imagine being in the credit-based course...
Minori: Take a look! If Haruka and I are both credit-based, we'll be free during these hours.
Minori: Which means that one offer we thought we'd have to turn down would actually be—
(Black cut)
Minori: ...is about it. What do you think?
Shizuku: Yes, that was very easy to understand. Thank you for the wonderful explanation, Minori.
Haruka: All this probably needs is a few minor fixes, right?
Airi: Yeah, it's put together better than I was expecting! Way to go, Minori!
Minori: Hehe... I used the ones you and Haruka made in the past as reference, Airi!
Minori: So, while we're at it, can you tell me what needs fixing so I know for the future?
Airi: Sure. Haruka, mind starting us off?
Haruka: I have a feeling that you're going to say the same, Airi, but these transit times did catch my eye...
Airi: Yeah. It's not a huge problem or anything, but it is a little concerning.
Minori: Oh, okay! Lemme take some notes!
Shizuku: Then, I will as well...
Haruka: Minori, your schedule does give us some extra time whenever we move between places...
Haruka: But we may need to give ourselves a little more since we'll probably be riding taxis more often.
Minori: Wait, taxis?
Airi: We'll be getting more TV exposure, right? Using public transit's gonna become a bit tricky as the chances of people recognizing us goes up.
Minori: R-Right! I didn't think of that since we've never had any issues before!
Airi: One person may be no big deal, but the four of us together is probably gonna stand out.
Airi: Also, when it comes to public transit...
Airi: You don't have to plan quite as strictly in the city since we always have multiple options to choose from, but...
Minori: Oh! If we go to the countryside or something...!
Airi: Exactly. Trains don't run as often, and there might not even be any taxis around until you call one in.
Haruka: Even in other cities, it's more than possible to get lost when you're somewhere unfamiliar.
Airi: So, it's important for us to really do our research when we go outside the city.
Minori: Yeah, that makes sense!
Shizuku: Are there any other points of concern that you can think of?
Airi: Hmm... Well...
Haruka: I guess, food...?
Airi: Yeah, absolutely!
Minori & Shizuku: Food...?
Airi: Yeah! It's always good to scout out restaurants and stuff around meeting locations.
Airi: Under the right circumstances, you can ask directors, producers or other staff to go grab a bite with you.
Haruka: Which is really important. It's one of the few situations where you can casually get to know each other, and even hear about industry trends and all kinds of other info.
Airi: Plus, it's just nice to know what's available around where we're going.
Airi: If we're in a hurry, it's good to know where the convenience stores are or what places do takeout. And diners and whatnot for when we have a little time on our hands.
Haruka: Yeah, that does end up being really important. Worst case scenario, you might go a whole day without eating...
Minori: Oh... That sounds awful...
Shizuku: That unfortunately happened to me one time. I was so embarrassed when my microphone picked up my stomach rumbling.
Airi: Most shoots are fully catered, but during planning meetings they usually only serve some snacks.
Airi: Having a mic pick up your stomach growling's embarrassing, but so is chowing down on whatever's available...
Minori: Wait a second... Are you talking about me before our iHaz shoot...?
Airi: No, that was understandable. Eating helps some people relax when they're nervous.
Airi: Anyway, what I'm trying to say is that it's important to be extra careful!
Haruka: Trying to figure everything out on your own isn't exactly realistic, so it's always good to check with others, right?
Airi: Yeah. In fact, we could take this opportunity to assign ourselves to certain tasks.
Airi: Like... Minori, you research our transit options. I'll start looking for delicious places to eat!
Haruka: You're not just after the right to have your pick of restaurants, are you?
Airi: Maybe, maybe not.
Minori: You totally are! No fair, Airi!
Airi: Haha.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Airi Momoi, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

[Shopping Mall]

[Electronics Store]

Airi: Let's see... The ring lights are...
Airi: Oh, right over here.
Airi: (If we want more viewers, we should start using this kind of equipment for our streams.)
Airi: (Wow, they have a huge selection here... Choosing which to buy warrants some consideration, but how do they all differ...?)
Store Clerk: Are you looking to buy a ring light, miss?
Airi: Yes, I'm pretty staggered by your selection. I really don't know what I should be looking for...
Store Clerk: These are in high demand with so many people streaming and making videos lately, so... Wait, aren't you...?
Airi: (Uh oh... Did she figure out who I am...?)
Store Clerk: Please pardon my indiscretion. You're looking for a light to use during your streams, yes?
Airi: (I see... She must be used to this sort of thing. I really appreciate her professionalism.)
Airi: Yes, it's for our streams. Something portable with multiple lighting options would be ideal.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Airi: (Hehe. That clerk lady was so helpful. I got just what we needed.)
Airi: (We'll need to test it out before our next stream.)
???: Airi♪
Airi: Hm?
Saki: I had a feeling it was you! Hi!
Airi: Hey, Saki! Are you on your way home from band practice?
Saki: I am! Were you out shopping just now?
Airi: Yeah, I just went to buy a ring light for our streams.
Airi: We rely on natural light when we stream from the school's rooftop, but... There's no guarantee it'll always be sunny, y'know?
Saki: Oh, right...! This means your streams are gonna become even better, right?!
Saki: Haruka even said how she's switching back to the credit-based course, so I'm even more excited about what MORE MORE JUMP! has in store for us!
Airi: (So Haruka already told her...)
Airi: (She's an idol through and through, so there's no reason for me to doubt her commitment...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: (But how do her friends feel...?)
Airi: Were you surprised when she told you about that?
Saki: Kinda... But I know her!
Saki: I know she's a really inspiring idol who can spread hope to lots and lots more people♪
Saki: So, as her friend, I wanna keep giving her all the support I can!
Airi: Saki...
Saki: You too, Airi! I'm gonna be rooting for you like crazy!
Airi: Thanks! MORE MORE JUMP! is gonna become an idol group that makes everyone's day brighter just from hearing our name!
Saki: Whoa! That's so awesome!
Saki: But we're not gonna let you hog all the glory!
Saki: We're gonna sign with a label, post lots of songs to our channel and play shows everywhere we can!
Airi: That's great! And I'm sure you'll be able to as long as you believe in yourselves!
Saki: Thank you very much!
Saki: Hehe... Then we might even get a chance to play on TV together someday♪
Airi: Hehe. Yeah, you're right. Let's keep dreaming big, the both of us!
Airi: (Right... Saki cares deeply about her friends, their dreams and what they want to do...)
Airi: (I'm so glad she's friends with Haruka and Minori.)
Airi: This might sound weird coming from me, but I hope you'll keep being friends with Haruka and Minori...
Saki: Of course! We're gonna be friends forever and ever and eeever♪
(Black cut)
