676_Airi Momoi_R2 I'm Excited Too (event_99)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Minori, Haruka, sorry I'm late.
Minori: No, that's okay. We haven't been here long.
Haruka: We're about halfway through doing stretches.
Shizuku: Thank goodness... The explanation for our school trip took quite a lot longer than we expected...
Haruka: It's okay since you gave us a heads up that you'd have several explanation sessions.
Minori: So, what did you guys talk about in this one?
Airi: Our schedules for each day and where we'll be going.
Shizuku: This year, we're going to Kyoto.
Minori: Wow, Kyoto! That sounds really nice! There's so much to see and yummy things to eat!
Airi: Doesn't that apply to any tourist destination?
Airi: Oh, also. In the next session, we're supposed to discuss in detail what our options are for the first day, so we may run late again.
Haruka: Okay. Do you have a general idea already?
Airi: So, one option is to go see shrines and temples, while the other is to participate in hands-on activities.
Shizuku: Kyoto has quite a few shrines and temples, so I'm hoping that we'll get to see as many as we can.
Minori: Yeah, like the shrine with lots of red gates all in a row! I've seen so many pictures of that!
Airi: Yeah. But I'm actually kinda interested in the activities.
Airi: I looked it up and apparently, there are shops where you can make mutsuhashi and candy sculptures.
Shizuku: When did you look that up, Airi?
Airi: In secret, while the teacher was talking.
Airi: On the other hand, none of that matters if the activities are traditional crafts...
Airi: Still, making your own mutsuhashi does sound like fun!
Haruka: So, does that involve picking a filling and putting it in the casing?
Airi: No, better...
Airi: You get to make everything, even the casing, from complete scratch! Not only that, you can even choose a filling from matcha and chestnut on top of the normal red bean paste!
Minori & Shizuku: Whoa! Wow!
Haruka: Making them from scratch does sound like fun. That feels like a worthwhile activity.
Airi: I know, right?! Actually, I kinda wanna do it on my own time regardless of whether or not it's part of the school trip activities.
Airi: I haven't been able to get it out of my head. I mean, you even get to steam them yourself...
Airi: W-Wait, huh...? Why are you all grinning like that?
Haruka: It's nice to see that you're looking forward to this trip is all.
Minori: Especially since you've been saying how you'll put work first if we get a request.
Minori: So I was under the impression that you weren't really looking forward to it that much.
Airi: N-No, I have been...
Airi: I mean, I'm a high school girl too! I also want to have some fun experiences while I'm still a student...
Airi: So...! Wipe those angelic grins off your faces!
Airi: You in particular, Minori! It feels weird when you act all motherly towards me!
Minori: What?! I was just really glad to hear that you're looking forward to going on this trip!
Airi: No, stop it stop it stop it! That's what I'm talking about! Alright, you've left me no choice!
Minori: Huh?! Hahaha...! Airi, stop! That tickles...!
Shizuku & Haruka: Hehe.
Airi: A-Anyway!
Airi: By some stroke of luck, we don't have work! So, Shizuku and I are gonna make the most of this trip!
Haruka: Yes, please do.
Minori: And please bring souvenirs if you can!
Shizuku: Of course. We'll also need to make sure to buy some for Miku and the others.
Airi: Right!
Airi: Anyway, enough of that! Let's start practice!
Haruka, Minori & Shizuku: Yeah! Okay.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Airi: Hello.
Minori: Huh? Airi?
Kohane: Oh, hello. Are you here to see Minori?
Airi: Yeah, but you and Shiho mainly.
Shiho: Wait, us?
Airi: Hehe. Ta-daa...! I got you all souvenirs from the school trip!
Kohane: Oh, mutsuhashi and matcha langues-de-chat!
Airi: These should be different from what Shizuku got you.
Shiho: Yes, that's right. She got something else, but... Are you sure we can have these?
Airi: Of course! I hope you three like them.
Kohane: Yes, thank you!
(Background change)
Airi: (I did get Minori something else...)
Airi: (But I'll keep that a secret for now since I wanna give that to her in SEKAI.)
Airi: Next, Class B.
Airi: Hello, is Emu here?
Emu's Voice (Emu): Oh! Hi, Airi!
Emu: Welcome back! How was your trip? Was it fun?
Airi: Yeah, very! I wanna tell you all about it, but first...
Airi: Ta-daaa! Souvenirs!
Emu: Oh wow! Matcha chocolates...?!
Airi: Close! Don't these upside-down triangles remind you of a certain fruit?
Emu: A certain fruit? Uhh...
Emu: Oh, I know☆ Strawberries♪
Airi: Correct! These actually have bits of dried strawberries in them. I had a chance to try them, and they were really good.
Airi: Also, I got you some okaki crackers. Please share them with everyone in Wonderlands×Showtime if possible.
Emu: Woohoo☆ Thank you so much!
Airi: (Hehe. I bet her jaw's gonna drop when I tell her that we ran into Tenma and Kamishiro.)
Airi: (Oh, but they'll probably tell her, and I don't wanna keep her too long...)
Saki's Voice (Saki): Hi, Airi! I knew it was you!
Airi: Oh...!
Saki: Hehe. I thought I heard your voice just now! It's really nice to see you!
Airi: You too, Saki. Your timing couldn't have been better.
Airi: I got you some souvenirs! I already gave the trio in Class A theirs. These are for you two.
Saki: Wow...! Okaki and langues-de-chat! Thank you so much!
Airi: Hehe. You're welcome.
Saki: Oh, Airi, do you have some time to talk after this? I wanna hear all about you guys' trip!
Emu: Oh, me too! I wanna hear!
Airi: (Since Saki's here, I might tell them that story.)
Airi: Sure. There's actually something I wanna tell you two.
Airi: You might've heard already, but we ran into Saki's big brother and Kamishiro while we were in Kyoto.
Emu: Wh-Whaaaaaat?!?!
Saki: Oh, Tsukasa told me about that!
Saki: I knew that you guys would be going on the same day, so I was wondering if you'd bump into each other...!
Airi: Yeah, we couldn't believe it either. You should've heard the way Shizuku shouted when she saw who it was.
Emu: And that was Tsukasa?!
Airi: Yeah! Asahina was with us and...
Emu: Whaaat?! A-A-Asahina was with you guys too?!
Airi: We were in the same tour group, so we decided to do some sightseeing together.
Airi: After that, we looked for souvenirs together, and later met up with Kamishiro's friends that evening to see the Hyakki Yako parade.
Saki: I heard about the parade! Did you hear, Emu? It was supposed to be really amazing!
Emu: No, I haven't! Can you tell us more, Airi?!
Airi: We have plenty of time, so let me start from the beginning.
(Black cut)
Airi: Oh, there's the bell... Sorry, I tried to cover as much as I could.
Emu: No, it was a great story!
Saki: And thank you for showing us all your pictures!
Airi: Hehe. You're welcome! Anyway, I should head back to my classroom.
Saki: Okay! And thank you for the snacks!
Emu: Oh, I'll share mine with Nene and the others!
Airi: (Our school trip was fun, but giving souvenirs to everyone like this is also really nice.)
Airi: (For the first time in a while, it feels like I went on a real vacation.)
Airi: I'm so glad I could go.
(Black cut)
