689_Airi Momoi_R4 Happy Snacker! (event_102)

Gacha phrase: It's absoluuutely delicious♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[carino/carina]

Manager: Okay, here you go. The one-day-only after-party set!
Mizuki: Wow...! Omelets and pasta!
Shizuku: Hehe. Let's all share. Here, take a napkin.
Airi: I've got the spoons and forks right here.
Mizuki: Thanks, Airi!
Mizuki: *Sigh* I'm surrounded by friends and get to have all this delicious food. And I'm getting paid...?
Airi: Hehe. Call it a reward for a job well done.
Airi: Seriously, thanks for doing this. I'm really glad I asked you, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Hehe. You're welcome♪ And thanks for choosing me!
Mizuki: Also, I'm super glad that I said to you guys how I wish I could try on this cafe's uniform.
Airi: Yeah. I might not have asked you to do this if you hadn't.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[Two weeks earlier]

Airi: Wow! Cakes, parfaits, souffles...! This sweets menu's got everything!
Ena: Isn't this place great? Their lunch menu's really good, but everyone comes here for the sweets.
Mizuki: Whoa, hold up. Don't forget who told you about this place originally.
Ena: I know. But I deserve some credit for saying that we should come here together.
Shizuku: Hehe. Very true. So, Ena, thank you for inviting us.
Airi: Yeah, and sorry for flip-flopping on you so suddenly. I really didn't think we could go at first.
Ena: No, that's totally fine. The appointment you had today got postponed, right?
Airi: Yeah, they had to call it off because one of the other personalities apparently had a scheduling conflict.
Mizuki: Haha. That means we should thank our lucky stars. We left this day open just in case.
Waiter: Welcome. Here's some water to start. Please press the button once you're all ready to order.
Mizuki: Okay♪
Ena: Hey, why do you keep staring at all the staff...?
Mizuki: Hehe. I really like their uniforms. They're so cute.
Mizuki: Dress shirts and aprons are pretty standard, but how cute are those ribbon ties?
Ena: What do you mean? Striped ribbons don't seem all that out of the ordinary to me...
Mizuki: I know, but theirs are all a little different to each other. Some are gathered, while others have a bit of lace on them!
Airi: Oh, you're right...! That waitress' tie has some lace on it.
Shizuku: Your eyes are so sharp, Mizuki. I never would've noticed.
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. I always keep an eye out for cute uniforms♪
Ena: Still, I'm not sure how I feel about you staring at them the way you have...
Mizuki: Hey, don't make it sound like I'm some sort of weirdo. I'm simply appreciating their fashion choices.
Mizuki: Oh, speaking of cute uniforms, the ones from that other cafe were also really adorable!
Shizuku: Other cafe...? Oh, do you mean the one where Minori works?
Airi: If you're talking about pale blue dress shirts, white aprons and blue ribbon ties, then yes.
Mizuki: Yeah, that's it!
Mizuki: I've always wanted to try on a cute uniform like the ones they wear. Even if it's just once.
Ena: Then, why not just start working at a cafe?
Mizuki: True, but I love clothes in general♪ So, I'll stick with apparel shops since that means I get to be surrounded by them.
Airi: Yeah, I get what you mean. It must be nice to be surrounded by the things you love.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: So, how was it? Did you enjoy working while wearing that uniform?
Mizuki: I've got no complaints about the uniform! It was so comfortable!
Mizuki: I also enjoyed working here. Things did get a little crazy there for a second, but decorating parfaits and stuff was really fun.
Airi: Okay, that's good to hear...
Airi: (But things did get pretty hectic back there... So hectic that they didn't get to take any real breaks...)
Airi: (Mizuki got to wear this uniform and is gonna get paid, so that's technically two birds with one stone, but...)
Mizuki: Airi...? Is something wrong?
Airi: Oh, um...
Airi: Hey, I know...! We should hang out together sometime! Just us!
Mizuki: Wait, just us?
Airi: Yeah. We haven't done anything together yet just by ourselves, right? So, what do you say?
Mizuki: Yeah, I'd love to! That sounds really fun!
Mizuki: My schedule's pretty open, so just let me know when you wanna hang out! That day's totally fine too. I'm usually awake around noon.
Airi: Hehe. Thanks. In that case, you'll hear from me then.
Mizuki: Great! I'll be looking forward to that♪
Shizuku: Hm? Airi, Mizuki, have either of you tried this pasta yet? It's very good.
Airi: Oh, we were talking so much that we forgot about the food.
Mizuki: Yeah, let's go dig in!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Airi's Room]

Airi: *Sigh* Okay, this idea looks good to go!
Airi: I really didn't expect it to come together so smoothly. I wouldn't have set aside the whole of the day after tomorrow if I knew that it would.
Airi: But I shouldn't speak for Shizuku and the others...
Airi: Haruka in particular likes to draft up detailed plans, which obviously takes time.
Airi: Still, there's plenty I can do. I could study or just take that time to relax.
Airi: Above all else, it's my chance to fulfill my promise.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Two days later]

[Scramble Crossing]

Airi: Mizuki, over here!
Mizuki: Morning, Airi! Thanks for inviting me out today!
Airi: Of course. Thanks for coming!
Airi: Hehe. And you're here right on time, unlike a certain other sleepyhead.
Mizuki: Haha. I woke up at seven this morning because I was so excited! I could've gone to school on time for a change.
Airi: I'm glad you were looking forward to this so much. So, let's have as much fun as we can today!
Mizuki: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mizuki: Hey, I didn't know this shop had all these cute sneakers!
Airi: Yeah... Oh, how about these black ones? These pink streaks seem like a nice touch.
Mizuki: Yeah! And they aren't clunky or anything, so you could totally wear the with like a skirt.
(Black cut)
Airi: Mmm! This crepe's amazing! It's so buttery and sugary!
Mizuki: I know, right?! I couldn't believe it either when I tried it the other day!
Airi: Yeah, I know what you mean!
Airi: *Sigh* I can feel this buttery aroma and sugary sensation expanding throughout my mouth...!
Mizuki: Yeah, like it's being filled with pure happiness.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Airi: That was a nice, little shopping spree! Thanks for showing me around, Mizuki.
Mizuki: No, I should be thanking you for helping me pick out that outfit♪
Mizuki: You're so good at using accent colors and finding a nice balance, Airi!
Airi: Hehe. As an idol, I need to have an eye for these things. I read a lot of fashion magazines to gain all of that knowledge.
Mizuki: Yeah, that makes a lot of sense!
Mizuki: Also, you really know how to find the best deals.
Mizuki: We just saw a similar outfit at a shop on Main Street, but you made sure to keep looking around since you knew there was a similar shop here too!
Airi: I mean, I like to see what all my options are if I'm set on getting something.
Airi: As a result, I was able to get this outfit at a more reasonable price compared to that other shop.
Mizuki: That's so smart! I probably would've gotten the other one without a second thought!
Airi: I don't think there's anything wrong with that since it's sort of like love at first sight, right?
Airi: Oh, also... We've done a lot of walking without taking any breaks. Do you feel tired at all?
Mizuki: I'm fine. These shoes I'm wearing are really comfy, and we had a quick break when we got those crepes.
Airi: That's good to hear... I was having so much fun going to all those shops that I forgot to ask.
Mizuki: No, it's been so long since I last visited so many shops all at once. Ena always wants to take a break after going to a couple.
Mizuki: On the flip side, she knows where all these great cafes are, so I get to see a lot of new things.
Airi: Hehe. Whenever I go shopping with Shizuku, I always have to make sure she doesn't wander off and get lost.
Airi: But we do sometimes get lucky by stumbling across new shops wherever she ends up. So everything works out in the end.
Mizuki: Haha! I love how shopping trips can feel so different depending on who you go with.
Mizuki: And I'm really glad that we got to do this today, Airi!
Airi: Me too!
Airi: Now, if you've still got some gas left in the tank, wanna check out some of the shops on the other side of the station?
Mizuki: Yeah, let's go! I've still got plenty of time left to hang out!
Airi: Then, shall we?
Mizuki: Yeah!
(Black cut)
