718_Airi Momoi_R2 Lots Of Love For My Junior (event_106)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Okay, is that about all for our meeting about the stream?
Minori: Yep! We're staying here to go straight into practice today, right? I'll do my best!
Haruka: Oh, sorry. Can I have a second before that?
Haruka: There's something I want to talk to you guys about...
(Black cut)
Airi: A hundred things she wants to do...
Shizuku: Wow...! That's a wonderful notebook that Saki has.
Minori: I bet having a notebook like that would make every day more fun since you'd be thinking about which thing to do next!
Haruka: Hehe, that's true.
Haruka: And one of the items on her list was “Go to a concert featuring my favorite idol”.
Minori: Saki's favorite idol? In other words...
Airi: Did she mean...me?
Haruka: Yes, I think she did.
Airi: (She wrote that list when she was in the hospital, right...?)
Airi: (Back then, I was mainly doing variety shows and didn't get to appear in many concerts...)
Airi: (But she still wanted to go to one of my concerts.)
Haruka: So, I was wondering if we could do something alongside Airi to let Saki accomplish what she wanted to do...
Haruka: What do you all think?
Airi: C'mon...
Airi: There's no way I wouldn't be in!
Shizuku: Yes, I'd like to join as well. Saki is always looking after Shii, after all.
Minori: Me too, me too! I want to help Saki accomplish what she wanted to do!
Haruka: Thanks, everyone.
Airi: Alright, it's decided! So, let's go ahead and decide what kind of show we should go for!
Airi: The set list, what to do about equipment... Oh, and we'll need to set the date and time sooner rather than later!
Shizuku: Hehe. You're so full of motivation, Airi.
Airi: Of course I am! Saki's my dear junior and a treasured fan.
Haruka: Saki's been rooting for you ever since your variety show days, after all.
Airi: Right. Even when we first met, the first words out of her mouth were about how she used to watch me on TV, and how it always cheered her up...
Airi: (That made me really happy.)
Airi: (Back then... I wasn't able to see the Happy Everyday version of myself as an idol who gave people hope.)
Airi: (Because of what she said, I was able to think of myself as someone who'd managed to deliver hope...)
Airi: And every time we've met since, she's told me what she thought of our streams and all that, so she's been a great source of encouragement!
Airi: So, now it's my turn! I wanna make this the best show possible so I can give Saki lots of hope and energy!
Shizuku: Airi...
Minori: Yeah...! I'll do my absolute best to make sure Saki enjoys it!
Haruka: Then, shall we talk through the details of the show before our practice?
Minori: Yeah!
Airi: Where should we begin... As well as the time and date, we'll also want to decide the set list soon considering the practice we'll need to do.
Minori: Oh! Then, how about we include an Airi solo?
Minori: If my favorite idol sang a solo just for me... I'm confident I would pass out from the joy!
Airi: What kind of confidence is that...?
Airi: Still, you're right... If it'll make Saki happy, I want to do it!
Airi: I'll try to make a list of songs that Saki might like, so I want all of your opinions too!
Shizuku: Yes, of course!
Haruka: Also, for the location, I'm sure Saki's also busy with her band practices, so I'm thinking it'd be best to do it here at school...
Airi: (Hehe, seems like things are going to get busy.)
Airi: (I'm gonna do my best to make sure Saki accomplishes what she wanted to do in the best way possible!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Airi's Room]

Airi: Okay, I'd better call it there for stretches and get started on my homework.
Airi: Oh, but first...
Airi: I think I'll take a look at the letter and pictures I got from Saki!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: Yes! I finally finished my album the other day, and...
Saki: I was thinking, it's thanks to all the people around me that I was able to make enough memories this year to fill up an album!
Saki: I wanted to thank you for that and for helping me with my list, so I brought gifts!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: Hehe. It sounds like Saki finished off her list, and I'm so glad! I can't wait to see what photos she chose for me.
Airi: Oh... This is from our chocolate fondue party.
Airi: And this one's from the time we made chocolate treats for Valentine's Day! Hehe, that takes me back...!
Airi: Oh, she wrote about her memories of when each picture was taken in the letter, right? What does it say...?
Saki's Letter (Saki): “When it comes to my memories with you, I couldn't leave out Valentine's Day!”
Saki's Letter (Saki): “You were sooo helpful and cool when we made chocolate desserts together!”
Saki's Letter (Saki): “Your easy-to-understand baking lessons were one thing, but your ad-libbing also saved us when that unexpected trouble came up!”
Airi: Hehe, that's right. It was pretty bad when Shizuku, Ichika and Tsukasa came to her house while we were there making our desserts.
Airi: We sure did panic that our surprise was about to be ruined!
Airi: It's nice having this letter since it helps me remember a lot of stuff while I look at the picture.
Airi: This is such a wonderful gift. I'll have to thank Saki again later.
Airi: Still... At this point, it really feels like this is the group when it comes to anything chocolate.
Airi: Hehe, maybe I'll invite them to make desserts using a different type of chocolate next time♪
Airi: Let's see, the next picture is... Oh, this is from that show we did.
Airi: This is a great picture of the two of us! I'm glad!
Airi: The part of the letter for this photo is... Oh, here?
Saki's Letter (Saki): “This picture of you and me after your concert! I was so happy!”
Saki's Letter (Saki): “Airi, thank you so much for putting on a concert just for me!”
Saki's Letter (Saki): “Getting to see the idols I follow perform made me suuuper happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”
Airi: You needed that many exclamation points?!
Airi: Well, I guess she enjoyed it just that much.
Saki's Letter (Saki): “I'd always wanted to go see one of your concerts...”
Saki's Letter (Saki): “I told you this before, but back when I was in the hospital, seeing you on TV cheered me up so much!”
Saki's Letter (Saki): “Even though I couldn't spend time with my friends, I was never lonely when I was watching TV...”
Saki's Letter (Saki): “And Happy Everyday gave me courage with the way she worked hard to make everybody smile, so I was able to push through my awful medical tests!”
Airi: Oh...
Saki's Letter (Saki): “So, I wanted to cheer you on in person for giving me so much hope... And that's why I wanted to go to one of your concerts!”
Airi: Saki...
Airi: So the reason you put going to one of my concerts on your list was so you could cheer me on...
Saki's Letter (Saki): “The other day, I was so incredibly moved that I didn't really manage to cheer for you...”
Saki's Letter (Saki): “But! I'm going to keep cheering for you a whole lot to make up for that!”
Saki's Letter (Saki): “Because now that I've seen you perform live, I love you and MORE MORE JUMP! more and more than ever!”
Saki's Letter (Saki): “Thank you for always giving me so much hope!”
Saki's Letter (Saki): “Airi, you're so kind, so cute, so cool, and I'll always be your fan! Love, Saki”
Airi: Thank you, Saki...
Airi: I'm so grateful.
Airi: (I'm the one who needs to be thanking you.)
Airi: (I mean...)
Airi: (It's thanks to people like you, who tell me that I've given you hope... As long as I have you... As long as we have you, we can keep doing our best.)
Airi: (And to make sure I'll always remain the idol you love...)
Airi: Alright! I'm gonna keep doing my best tomorrow!
(Black cut)
