730_Airi Momoi_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Hm...?
Airi: Morning, Minori. Were you about to start stretching?
Minori: Oh, yeah...
Airi: You seem a little down... Did something happen?
Minori: So... There is something that's been bothering me...
Airi: Then, let's talk about it. Shizuku and Haruka aren't here yet anyway.
Minori: Really? Then...
Minori: The teacher for the animal caretaker committee asked me to teach some of the first-years how to look after the rabbits.
Airi: Oh, right... We talked about that, and you practiced giving your instructions.
Minori: Yeah... The teacher even said that I'm the perfect person because I did such a good job last year.
Minori: Yeah, I asked everyone for their advice, practiced what I'm gonna say and was really excited about this opportunity...
Minori: But I'm starting to feel really nervous...!
Airi: Hang on. How'd things go for you in junior high? Weren't you also on the animal caretaker committee back then?
Minori: I was, but the teacher did most of the instructing. The students usually just gave quick demonstrations...
Airi: Still, Minori, this isn't like you...
Airi: Where's your usual, “Let's break through!” mantra?
Minori: B-But... I don't wanna break anything!
Minori: Taking care of the rabbits is a really important job. And...
Airi: And...?
Minori: Umm...
Minori: I'm not just any second-year now... I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
Airi: ...
Minori: I have to think that some of the first-years are going to see me as an idol...
Minori: Which is why... I feel that I need to not disappoint them by staying cool and setting a good example.
Airi: Minori...
Minori: Haha... Maybe I sound kinda conceited since I'm still getting on my feet as an idol.
Airi: What are you talking about? The point you brought up matters a lot.
Airi: Yes, you're an idol now. You're Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP! That's a fact.
Minori: Airi...
Airi: Still, I do think you're overthinking this a bit...
Airi: It is important to see yourself as an idol, but you also need to keep in mind that you're at school.
Airi: You should be teaching your junior not just as an idol, but also as an experienced member of the animal caretaker committee.
Minori: An experienced member of the committee...
Airi: Yeah. I mean, you know a lot about taking care of the rabbits and getting them to like you, right?
Airi: Some of them might be really curious since it could be their first time being on such a committee.
Minori: Oh, you're right!
Airi: Although, a couple could be there because they lost a game of rock paper scissors or something.
Minori: B-But the rabbits are so cute! I'm sure they're gonna love taking care of them...
Minori: Oh, learning to like the rabbits could help them enjoy being on this committee!
Airi: (Finally! There's our usual Minori!)
Airi: That's the spirit, Minori! Try thinking more along those lines!
Minori: Right!
Minori: Thanks for listening, Airi! I'm gonna do my best to show them the ropes!
Airi: Great.
Airi: And I'm sure you'll do just fine.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 3-E]

Classmate A: Morning, Momoi, Hinomori. Oh, wait, it's already past noon...
Classmate B: Are you all done with work?
Airi: Yeah, we rushed over after realizing that we might be able to make afternoon classes.
Classmate A: That's so admirable. I probably would've gone straight home.
Shizuku: Still, there aren't many others here today.
Airi: They might be getting lunch.
Classmate B: Some are, but a lot have work this afternoon.
Classmate A: Oh, that reminds me. The teacher said we'll be doing badminton instead of volleyball for P.E. later.
Airi: Oh, okay. Thanks for the heads up.
Airi: Lunch doesn't end for a little bit... Wanna study while we can, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes... Then, let's go over what we'll be doing in English today.
Airi: Yeah, good idea.
Airi: Just the same old, same old...
Airi: Go to work, then to school, study together... It's like nothing's changed.
Shizuku: Hehe. You're right.
Shizuku: At the same time, I think that's a good thing since getting used to a new routine is always difficult for me.
Airi: Really...? I kinda wish we had more going on.
Airi: We're in our final year, but it's just business as usual, you know?
Airi: (Maybe I should've joined a committee or something like Shizuku.)
Shizuku: Speaking of which, Airi, have you had a chance to visit the tea ceremony club?
Airi: Huh? Now that you mention it, no...
Shizuku: Then, why don't you go? New students will be visiting soon, yes?
Airi: Oh, right...! Then I probably should!
Airi: But I could ask you the same thing, Shizuku. You haven't been by the archery club yet, right...?
Shizuku: No, I haven't. I was planning on going the next time we're not scheduled to work.
Airi: Hehe. Now we both have something to look forward to.
Airi: Wait, we should be focusing on English right now.
Airi: Sorry. After suggesting that we should study...
Shizuku: That's okay. We still have time.
Shizuku: But I also enjoy talking with you at school like this, so I wouldn't mind if we continued.
Airi: Alright, hold your horses. I'm sorry for getting sidetracked, so let's get back to studying...
Shizuku: Okay...
Airi: (Seriously, nothing's changed since we were placed in the same class during our first year...)
Airi: (We study together, talk about what's going on at school...)
Airi: (I guess it's just our daily routine.)
Airi: (If anything's changed, I'd have to say...)
Airi: (How we're members of the same idol group now.)
Shizuku: Oh, Airi... Can you tell me what this idiom means?
Airi: W-We're doing idioms?
Airi: I have a pretty good grasp of vocab now, but I haven't really been looking at idioms and stuff.
Shizuku: Me neither...
Shizuku: Then, why don't we try focusing on those whenever we study English together from now on?
Airi: Yeah, that might be a good idea.
Airi: But we need to go over what we're gonna cover in class today! Let's do our best!
Shizuku: Right!
(Black cut)
