781_Airi Momoi_R4 Special Free Time Snapshot! (event_111)

Gacha phrase: Let's do this right!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Airi's Room]

Airi: (Okay, I'm all done with my homework...)
Airi: (That just leaves...the file I was working on for our next meeting. I think I'll call it a night after finishing that up. I'm pretty sure I saved it in—)
Airi: Huh? Who's sending me an email at this hour? Let's see...
Airi: Oh, an official offer to appear on that program!
Airi: (It's just one appearance, but this is TV we're talking about. Thank goodness too, since we were hoping that we'd get it.)
Airi: They even included a schedule. Okay, shoot date's the same as we discussed...
Airi: Huh? Wait, it's supposed to end at...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: We get to do another on-site shoot!
Minori: And this one's for a camping special! What do you think we're gonna do?!
Shizuku: I hope we get to spend the night in tents. That sounds like so much fun.
Haruka: Hmm... The schedule they sent over said they want to do everything in one day. I'm not sure we'll be spending the night...
Minori: Oh, okay...
Minori: Wait, doesn't that mean we get to camp during the day?! That also sounds like fun!
Shizuku: Yes, it does. But it's very far away, and the shoot's supposed to end in the evening. Going there and back may prove a bit challenging.
Haruka: Yeah, I agree.
Airi: Heh heh heh...
Minori: A-Airi...?
Airi: That brings me to my spectacular solution...
Airi: Why don't we go stay somewhere for this shoot?
Minori: S-Stay somewhere?!
Airi: Yup. Shizuku's right about going there and back in one day being tough. When I was looking at this schedule yesterday, I remembered something really important...
Airi: They asked us to keep three days open just in case the shoot doesn't move forward as scheduled, so we have nothing going on during the days before and after.
Airi: Which means we can take this opportunity to stay somewhere nice.
Airi: We've been super busy lately, right? Wouldn't it be nice to refresh ourselves with a little vacation...?
Minori: Oh, yes! I wanna stay somewhere!
Shizuku: Me too! This is so exciting! We hardly ever get to do that outside of training camps.
Haruka: True. And I agree with Airi about how busy we've been lately. Some rest and relaxation would be nice.
Airi: That's what I like to hear! Then, let's all decide on a place to stay!
Minori: Where might be good? Do you think searching on any of the travel sites will help?
Haruka: We have to keep our shoot in mind, so somewhere close would be ideal.
Airi: Right. We can try looking for places near this campground and... Oh, that's a lot of results.
Minori: It's not just hotels! Fancy inns too! So many choices! Which do we choose?
Minori: Wow, this one has rooms with outdoor baths attached! I could spend a whole day in a room like this...!
Airi: Hold your horses. Don't forget that we're going for work.
Airi: The shoot still comes first! The R&R's just an added bonus.
Minori: *Gasp* Right!
Shizuku: Oh, how about this place? It's close to the campground, and the views this room has to offer look spectacular.
Airi: Lemme see... Wait, this is a suite with a view of the mountains! This is way out of our budget!
Haruka: It does offer some amazing views. It's on the top floor after all...
Airi: *Sigh* Haruka, do you have any suggestions or requests? Anything you want included or places you wanna go?
Haruka: Me? No, nothing in particular... But it might be a nice change of pace to stay at an inn since we'll get to experience something out of the ordinary.
Minori: Yeah, like wearing yukatas and having meals brought to our room... That definitely would be a special experience!
Airi: An inn, huh...? I'll try filtering the results for just those. Gimme a sec...
Airi: Oh, how about this one? It's got pretty much everything that we want, and there's a big hot spring on site.
Shizuku: Oh, you're right. Not only that, it seems to have such a lovely atmosphere. I think...“warm” is the word I'm looking for.
Minori: The food in these pictures also looks really amazing! Is this one meal?! I dunno if my tummy can handle all that!
Haruka: And it looks like they have rooms big enough for all four of us. Why don't we try staying here?
Airi: Sounds like a plan! I'll see if they have any rooms open.
Haruka: Thanks for doing this, Airi.
Minori: We get to stay at an inn... Oh, this means we can have ice cream together after we take a bath!
Shizuku: That sounds like fun! It said the inn's right by a river, so it'd also be nice to go out for a walk.
Haruka: Good idea. A nature walk sounds really refreshing and a nice way to stretch our legs.
Airi: (I feel like it's been a little while since we all got so excited about something other than work.)
Airi: (We've been super busy lately... So we should try to make the most of these sorts of opportunities.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Aboard a train]

Airi: (*Sigh* It's still gonna take a while to get where we're going.)
Airi: (I know. Maybe we could use this time to see if that schedule I shared with everyone yesterday looks okay.)
Airi: Hey, every—
Airi: Oh...
Haruka: Is something the matter, Airi?
Airi: Oh, I was hoping that we could check over that schedule I sent you all yesterday...
Airi: But I guess these two can't right now.
Haruka: They're fast asleep.
Airi: We have been pretty busy lately. I'd rather not wake then, so maybe we can look over our schedule after we get to the inn.
Haruka: Sounds good.
Haruka: Still, it's a shame that they're sleeping instead of seeing this beautiful scenery...
Airi: Whoa, you're right! It's so beautiful... Nothing but green as far as the eye can see...!
Airi: I've gotta post a picture of this!
Airi: (Hmm... What should I go for? More of a full landscape or a pic that includes the window to let everyone know we're traveling...?)
Airi: (Oh, or a shot of our reflections in the—)
Haruka: Airi, look this way for me.
Airi: Huh?
Airi: Wait, hey! You could've warned me before taking that!
Haruka: Hehe. I thought everyone online would like seeing us in our natural state.
Airi: I get what you mean... But submit it for approval first. Idols still have to be idols even in their “natural state”!
Haruka: Submit it for approval...?
Airi: Anyway, you're not posting that. Our next one's gonna look a lot better. So, Haruka, smile!
Haruka: Okay, one second. Ready?
Airi: Hey, not bad! Let's go with this one!
Haruka: Since we're uploading both, I'll also send you the other one.
Airi: Hey, I said we're not uploading that one!
Airi: Oh... We got another email for work. Come to think of it, we still have a few that we haven't replied to yet.
Haruka: Need any help?
Airi: Thanks for offering, but I'm okay for now. I'll just reply to the most urgent ones.
Airi: (That being said, it has been getting hard lately to actually deal with everything all on our own.)
Airi: (As nice as it is that we're getting all these offers, dealing with scheduling has been hard on all of us...)
Airi: (So, we really could use a manager.)
(Black cut)
Airi: (Anyway, I'm gonna reply to all the emails that need my attention right now.)
Haruka: Airi, are you all finished?
Airi: Yeah, for now. Were you reading a book just now, Haruka?
Haruka: Yeah, it's a novel that one of our fans recommended. I was hoping to share my thoughts on it during a stream in the future.
Airi: Oh, a novel...?
Haruka: I'm pretty close to finishing it, so want to borrow it once I'm done? It's actually pretty good.
Airi: I am interested, but I'll pass for now. Reading for too long on a moving train might make me sick.
Airi: Speaking of which, Haruka, do you not get motion sickness or anything? You seemed pretty focused just now.
Haruka: No, now that you mention it, I don't really get motion sickness or anything. Even when I was still in ASRUN, I read scripts during our rides over...
Haruka: Oh, I remember going through fan mail while on buses for shoots. That usually gave me all the motivation I needed to do my best.
Airi: Wow... I guess that means your inner ear's tough to agitate.
Airi: (Still, it's really like her to think of her fans even during a bus ride.)
Airi: Um, Haruka?
Haruka: Yes?
Airi: I'm not letting you hog the spotlight during this shoot!
Haruka: I wouldn't want you to. Let's make it a good one.
(Black cut)
