803_Airi Momoi_R4 Featuring My Melody

Gacha phrase: It turned out suuuper cute!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Satellite Puroland - Green Room]

Airi: It's almost time... Are we all ready?
Shizuku: Yes, I'm ready.
Haruka: Let's be sure to make “Cookie Baking Excitement With My Melody and MORE MORE JUMP!” a success so we can spread hope to everyone here at Puroland.
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: But wow, this has been such a surprise! We're at a satellite park, but I still never thought we'd get to stand on a Sanrio Puroland stage with the one and only My Mel!
Airi: Well, it was originally supposed to be Nanamin and them appearing. We got the call last-minute because they ended up not being able to make it.
Haruka: Right. Apparently Hayakawa recommended us as their replacements.
Shizuku: That means a lot to us. It shows that she trusts us to take her place.
Airi: Definitely. Nanamin and all the staff have placed their trust in us, so let's make this event great for them too!
Staff Member: MORE MORE JUMP!, you're up! Please take the stage!
Airi: Oh, we'll be right there!
Airi: Okay, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wisdom Tree Stage]

My Melody: Hi, everyone! I'm so happy to see all these friends here to see me today♪
Child A: Oh, it's starting!
Child B: My Mel's sooo cute...!
My Melody: Hehe, thank you♪
My Melody: So, everyone, I've actually made some new friends. Here, I'll introduce them to you!
My Melody: MORE MORE JUMP!, over here!
Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Okay!
Minori: Hi, everyone!
Minori: Don't give up on your dreams, Minorinrin♪ Here's a bouquet of hope for you! I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
Haruka: No matter how far, may this song of hope reach you! I'm Haruka Kiritani from MORE MORE JUMP!
Airi: One special delivery of love coming right up!
Airi: It's the lovely fairy, Airi! Airi Momoi from MORE MORE JUMP! at your service!
Shizuku: Here to bring you a burst of happiness. I'm Shizuku Hinomori from MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: It's wonderful to meet all of you♪
My Melody: Ooh, clappity clap clap!
My Melody: So, everyone, MORE MORE JUMP! and I actually baked some cookies together the other day.
My Melody: Baking together was more fun than doing it alone, and I got even closer with everyone in MORE MORE JUMP! that way♡
My Melody: The cookies turned out more and more delicious too♪
Airi: That's right. So, we were talking about how we want to bake with everyone who's here today.
My Melody: Mhm♪ Will you all help us bake some cookies?
Children: Yeah!
My Melody: Yaaay♪
My Melody: Okay then, let the cookie baking excitement...♪
Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Begin♪
(Black cut)
Airi: Next, we mix up the dough! The idea is to use a rubber spatula and fold in the ingredients ten times or so♪
My Melody: Okay♪ Mixy mixy... Huh? I forget how many times that was...
Airi: Hehe, it's fine to go a little over or under.
Haruka: Another five times or so should be good. This time, let's all try counting together while we do it.
Minori: Here we go, everyone! Ready...? One, two, three...
(Black cut)
Airi: Next, we'll flatten the dough out! We need to take this rolling pin and make everything even... Do you think you could do that, My Mel?
My Melody: Sure! Huff... Huff... Phew. The pin is heavy, so this is kind of tiring.
Shizuku: Making treats definitely takes some energy.
My Melody: Yeah... But I think I can keep trying if everyone does it with me♪
Minori: Then let's all get rolling and cheer My Mel on!
Shizuku: Let's all do the rolly dance together♪
Haruka: I'll start us off. Put your hands out a little bit in front of you. Now extend them... And pull back. Extend... Pull back. That's how we do it.
Airi: Did you all get it? Then let's do it together! Ready...
(Black cut)

[One hour later]

Airi: The event was a huge success!
Minori: Yeah! I'm glad everyone seemed to have fun making treats with My Mel!
Haruka: They got really into helping out and were talking about how cute she is the whole time.
Shizuku: She really was cute. I like her even more after doing this event together♪
Airi: Yeah. She's true to her feelings and has a bright disposition... She kinda lives at her own pace sometimes, but there's something lovely about that too...
Airi: If she was part of the idol world, she'd probably be a tough rival.
Haruka: Hehe, that's true.
Minori: Oh yeah. Before we leave today, would it be okay if we stopped by the Entrance Shop?
Minori: I took a peek earlier and saw they were selling all kinds of adorable treats and stuff, so it's been on my mind...!
Airi: Sure. We're already here, so let's stop by.
Haruka: I want to see it too.
Minori: Yay!
(Black cut)

[Entrance Shop]

Haruka: Hmm... Oh, there he is! It's Tuxedosam! I've been wanting a plushie of him.
Shizuku: So this rabbit's name is Wish me mell. It's very cute how the pads on her feet are shaped like hearts...!
Minori: Ooh...! They have Kirimichan. keychains! Hehe, so cute!
Minori: Wait, huh?! On the tag, it says her dream is to have someone eat her and appreciate how delicious she is! I-I could never do that!
Airi: What's going on with Minori, standing there flailing her arms around like that?
Airi: I'm curious, but I should be thinking about what to get as a souvenir.
Airi: Oh...
Airi: (These cookies have My Mel printed on them...)
Airi: (It'll be kind of a shame to eat them since they're so cute... But we baked cookies together on stage, so these are the perfect way to remember today.)
Airi: I've decided! I'll go with these.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Airi's Room]

Airi: *Sigh* I'm so glad today's event went well.
Airi: We've gotta keep up the good work so even more people get to know us!
Airi: Still... My Mel really was amazing. The way she talked and her dancing were so cute it felt unfair.
Airi: Oh... That reminds me, I bought those My Mel cookies as a souvenir. Maybe I'll try some.
???: ...～♪
Airi: I thought I heard singing just now... Was it coming from my phone?
???: ...～♪ ～～♪
Airi: Yeah, I definitely hear it. That's odd, nothing should be playing... Are Miku and the others putting on a show or something?
Airi: I'll drop in to take a look.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Stage SEKAI]

Airi: Oh? Nobody's here... Then, that voice was...
???: Hmmmhmhm, hmmm♪
Airi: ...!
Airi: Oh... It sounds like it's coming from this ball of light.
Airi: What is this? It feels like I've seen it somewhere before...
Airi: And this voice, could it be...?
Airi: Wah...?!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Airi: Wha... Huh?! Where am I?!
Airi: I was in SEKAI until just a second ago, wasn't I...?
Airi: Those people over there... Is that Minori and the others?!
Minori's Voice (Minori): Oh! Airiii!
Haruka: So you're here too, Airi.
Airi: Yes. And just where is here...?
Shizuku: We just arrived as well... But we were just talking about how it feels a bit like Puroland.
Airi: Oh... Now that you mention it, it does...
???: Hm hmhm hmhmmm♪
Airi: ...!
Haruka: Did you hear a voice just now?
Airi: I did. I was following this voice when I somehow ended up here!
Airi: We might be able to get some ideas for how to get home, so let's head toward the voice!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Over there, that's...
Minori: My Mel?!
Airi: I'd thought just maybe it could be her, but to think that she's actually here...!
Shizuku: But what is she doing?
Haruka: This is just a guess, but... Don't you think she's making cookies? Look, she's got some sort of dough under a roller.
Airi: You're right. Plus... Doesn't this place remind you of the stage where we did that event with her? Even the set is identical.
Minori: I-It is...! What does it all mean...?
My Melody: Hmmmhm, hmmm♪ Extend... Pull back. Rolly rolly roll...
My Melody: Phew... I sure am tired. Time to take a little break♪
Airi: Looks like she's having a hard time...
Airi: Hey, everyone. Why don't we go help My Mel?
Airi: I don't think I'll be able to leave her to it... And while we're at it, let's see if she knows anything about this place she can share.
Haruka: Sounds good. Let's talk to her.
Minori: Heeey, My Meeel!
(Black cut)
My Melody: Phew... Now we just wait for them to bake in the oven♪
My Melody: Thanks for helping me, everyone.
Airi: There's no need to thank us. I like making treats too, so this was fun.
Shizuku: And thank you for telling us about this place, My Mel.
Minori: You said this is a SEKAI born from the feelings of wanting to visit Puroland again and thinking about how fun it was, right?
Haruka: If that's the case, I can certainly understand why it resembles Puroland so much.
My Melody: Hey, everyone. Would you like to have a tea party while we wait for the cookies to bake? I have some really yummy tea♪
Airi: That would be lovely! We got this chance to meet, so let's have a nice long chat!
(Black cut)
My Melody: Okay, here you are♪
Minori: Thank you! Wow, it smells so good!
Shizuku: By the way, My Mel, why were you baking cookies?
My Melody: So I can give them to my precious friend♪
My Melody: So, I handed out the cookies to all my friends the other day... But I was short one for her, so she and I had to split one.
My Melody: That's why I'm making lots and lots this time, so she can eat her fill!
Airi: So that's why... You care for your friends very much, My Mel.
My Melody: Hehe...
My Melody: Oh... But, I've always loved to bake cookies.
My Melody: My dream is to get much, much better so I can open a dessert shop and make everybody happy with my treats.
Haruka: I see. That's a truly wonderful dream.
My Melody: Thank you♪ What are your dreams?
Minori: We're working really hard to become idols who give people hope for a better tomorrow!
My Melody: Wow, what a wonderful dream. I'll be cheering for you!
My Melody: You're all so cute and dazzling, so I think you'll be able to give people lots of hope♪
Shizuku: Hehe, thank you. But I think you're also very cute and dazzling, My Mel.
My Melody: Am I?
Minori: Yeah! I think so too!
My Melody: Hehehe...♪
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: So cute...!
Airi: (Th-This is against the rules...!)
(Black cut)
My Melody: They're finished!
Shizuku: I'm glad they appear to have come out well.
My Melody: Yeah♪ Now to give them a taste. *Blow* *Munch*
My Melody: Wow, it's so delicious♪ Here everyone, you should try them too♪
Airi: Okay, I'll have one. Oh, this really is delicious! I'm sure your friend will be delighted.
My Melody: Yay♪
My Melody: Actually, Airi, you kind of remind me of my friend.
Airi: Oh, I do?
My Melody: Mhm. She's super sweet, just like you♪
Airi: Hehe, well thank you! I'm happy to hear you say that.
My Melody: Hey, I want to talk with all of you some more, so... How about we have another tea party, with cookies this time?
Minori: Huh? But didn't you say these cookies are for your friend?
My Melody: There's a whooole lot, so it'll be okay if we eat a little bit♪
Haruka: Well then, I think we'd like to take you up on that.
Shizuku: Yes. I want to talk with you more too, My Mel.
Airi: Tell us lots about your friend, too!
My Melody: Okay♪
(Black cut)
