876_Airi Momoi_R3 Service With A Smile (event_122)

Gacha phrase: Have some if you'd like!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: *Stretch* It's so nice out today.
Shizuku: Yes, having dance practice outside is going to feel so wonderful.
Airi: Yeah, but we have something else to take care of first.
Haruka: The debrief for the shoot we did the other day?
Airi: Yes! We need to do that before it slips our minds.
Airi: Still, to be fair, it's only been three days.
Minori: I mean, so much stuff happened. First, we were asked to fill in for another group, and then there was that issue with the cameras during the shoot.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Arimura: *Sigh* Technical difficulties... Missing forty minutes of footage puts us in a tough situation.
Minori: I'm surprised this kind of thing happened at a TV studio during a shoot...
Airi: Me too. I've heard of stuff like this happening, but this is my first time actually being on site as it did...
Haruka: This is the stuff of nightmares to the camera crew since such a simple mistake can cascade into fairly serious problems for the show.
(White cut)
Yuika: Oh, I'm not so sure about this now... We're going to sound really phony if we're not careful...
(White cut)
MYU: The packaging for everything that I brought in has been opened up. Worse, we went through most of what we had. They're in our stomachs now.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: Honestly, I didn't know how we were gonna get through that one...
Haruka: But we managed to in the end. And we have Minori to thank for coming up with a replacement idea.
Shizuku: Including the producer and the rest of the crew. They couldn't stop thanking you.
Minori: Hehe...
Airi: To tell you the truth, Minori, I was a little worried about you then...
Minori: Huh? Me?
Airi: Remember how you pulled out all the stops after the break? You really helped get a good thing going for us.
Airi: So, I was worried that you were feeling crushed after hearing how they didn't record any of it...
Airi: My plan was to cheer you up as best I could, but I'm glad I didn't have to in the end.
Minori: Airi...! You were that worried about me...?!
Airi: No, just a tiny bit. Also, personal space. Quit inching closer like that.
Haruka: I was also a little worried. After the break, you seemed to do whatever you could to make things more entertaining for the audience.
Shizuku: Did something happen during the break?
Minori: Oh, so...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Audience Member Ａ: I was really looking forward to seeing LiLia here today. I mean, that's why I applied to be a member of the audience.
Audience Member Ｂ: Oh, they're overseas right now. Apparently, they're having trouble flying back due to bad weather.
(White cut)
Audience Member Ｂ: But I still wish LiLia were here.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: There was probably no way we could've made up for LiLia not being there...
Minori: But I still wanted the audience to go home smiling and filled with encouragement!
Shizuku: I had no idea...
Airi: Minori...
Minori: Hehe. Yes?
Airi: Why'd you go and do everything by yourself?! Seriously, you should've roped us in!
Minori: Owwy!
Minori: Airi, that hurts! I was so sure you were going to praise me!
Airi: I did just a second ago.
Airi: *Sigh* I was wondering why you were trying so hard. This explains everything.
Haruka: Still, Airi, there's no point in getting mad at her.
Airi: I know. But she shouldn't have kept us in the dark!
Minori: B-But I didn't have time to tell you! Our break ended so fast...!
Minori: Oh, that reminds me...
Airi: Don't tell me there's something else you forgot to tell us...
Minori: Uhh... Y-Yes, there is... So...
Airi: Our landlady was at the studio?!
Minori: Y-Yeah. Remember how she was on her way to see a shoot when we helped her? She was there to see another one.
Shizuku: Hehe. She must love TV just that much.
Haruka: I guess so...
Minori: Anyway, she said she overheard what the audience was saying, and was really worried...
Minori: But I felt so much better after talking to her. I was able to clear my thoughts, figure out what's most important and do my best after the break...
Airi: Alright, I'm guessing that's everything...?
Minori: Yes, that's everything!
Airi: Good!
Shizuku: Is that why she's taken such an interest in us? Was she inspired by what Minori did...?
Haruka: Hehe. You might be right.
Minori: Really? Oh, does that make me the MVP?!
Airi: She said “might”.
Airi: (A house meant only for those who can make their dreams come true.)
Airi: (Our landlady couldn't have asked for a better fit.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Hello!
Elderly Lady: Welcome, everyone. Thank you for stopping by to clean today.
Elderly Lady: Still, I wish I had more time. I would've asked a cleaning service to send someone over...
Minori: No, that's okay since we asked if we could move in as soon as possible!
Minori: Also, I'm on my school's animal caretaker committee, so cleaning is my forte!
Shizuku: Oh, and I used to be on the cleanup committee. We promise to do our best today.
Airi: I get the cleanup committee, but what does taking care of animals have to do with this?
Minori: Everything! We have to work quickly but discreetly in order to keep the rabbits from getting too scared!
Haruka: Oh, Kohane and Hinomori also mentioned that.
Haruka: They really admire how efficiently you're able to clean the cage.
Airi: Really? In that case, we'll be counting on you today.
Minori: Alright, let's do our best to make this place shine!
Airi, Haruka & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Minori: Can you reach all the really high places using the feather duster, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes, I think so.
Airi: You'll probably want to wear a mask. I'd rather not have you breathe in that dust.
Airi: Here, put this on.
Shizuku: Thank you, Airi. I really appreciate it.
(Black cut)
Haruka: Mind if I use that floor wiper you brought, Airi? I want to try using it on the screen door.
Airi: Sure, but do you know how to clean a screen door?
Haruka: How? Does that mean it's not a good idea to just wipe it down?
Airi: See how it's a big mesh? There's a trick to cleaning this kind of stuff.
Airi: Minori, Shizuku, can you two take care of this? I'm gonna go help Haruka.
Minori & Shizuku: Okay!
(Black cut)
Airi: Next up is the kitchen! Let's start with the hardest part, the ventilation.
Minori: Oh, we'll need something to catch anything that comes out! We can use some of this newspaper!
Airi: Hey, that's perfect! You sound like a pro, Minori!
Airi: Can you get us some hot water, Haruka, Shizuku?
Haruka: On it.
(Black cut)
Minori: Wow...! It's so clean now!
Shizuku: Yes, including the floors and windows! They're sparkling!
Airi: Now we can move in without a second thought!
Haruka: Yeah.
Haruka: You and Airi did a great job of leading, Minori.
Shizuku: I agree. It seemed like you both knew exactly what to do every time.
Minori: Hehe. Again, being on the animal caretaker committee has taught me a lot!
Airi: Yeah, I didn't see you hesitate once. I have no choice but to say that you being a member of the animal caretaker committee helped a lot.
Minori: Woohoo!
Minori: But you were definitely way more amazing, Airi! I mean, you knew how to properly clean an air conditioner!
Haruka: I agree... It took you so little time to take out the fans and filters.
Airi: My dad taught me how. Actually, more like he made me learn...
Airi: I'm sure you already know, but he loves doing housework...
Airi: Be it cooking or cleaning, whenever he discovers a new life hack, he doesn't rest until the rest of us have also learned it.
Haruka: I see.
Elderly Lady: How's the cleaning going?
Elderly Lady: Oh, would you look at that...! Everything's sparkling.
Minori: Yes, we just finished a second ago!
Elderly Lady: Thank you all for your hard work. I wasn't expecting you to be this thorough.
Airi: No, it was our pleasure since we're the ones moving in.
Elderly Lady: Hehe. And I'm sure you'll take good care of this place.
Elderly Lady: Now, how about some tea? I'm sure it'll taste even better now that your new home is clean.
Minori: Oh, you're making tea for us?!
Airi: Thank you very much! Then, if you don't mind...
(Black cut)
