889_Airi Momoi_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: I can't let things end without giving something back.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Days before Airi's birthday]

[Stage SEKAI]

Airi: (Alright, these steps here are going great too! Last is the turn, and...)
Rin (MMJ): Wow! That was amazing, Airi! You pulled off that dance perfectly!
MEIKO (MMJ): You stayed nice and sharp to the very end! Just what we've come to expect.
Airi: Really? That's good to hear. That said, there's still a few days left before my birthday stream... I'll need to keep raising the bar higher.
Airi: After all, I'm the one who said I wanted my birthday stream to have a show segment!
Len (MMJ): Hehe. Sounds like you're plenty motivated.
KAITO (MMJ): Still... It appears you're in even better shape than usual.
Airi: Yeah, I do feel like this is the smoothest I've been moving lately.
Airi: Maybe I'm in a good place because I got warmed up before coming here.
Miku (MMJ): Warmed up...?
Airi: Yeah. So, today...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mizuki: Welcome to SpoJoy Park, Airi♪ It's not quite your birthday yet, but we're gonna celebrate to the fullest!
Ena: Hang on Mizuki, you're way too excited.
Airi: Hehe. Thanks for going along with this, everyone! I've been wanting to visit after hearing about this place from Ena and Minori.
Shizuku: There's a variety of sports and other games to be played here, yes? I haven't really been to a place like this before, so I'm rather concerned I won't be able to do things properly...
Mizuki: Oh, no worries! If there's anything you're not sure about, just ask me or Ena!
Airi: Thanks. Shizuku and I are all set to enjoy the day with our disguises too, so... Let's have lots of fun!
Mizuki: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Oh wow! Shizuku, you're so good at roller skating!
Shizuku: Hehe, thank you! It's all because you taught me, Mizuki.
Ena: No way... Does this mean I'm the worst one here...?
Airi: I wonder. Should we have a race to that wall to find out?
Ena: Hmph... Loser buys the drink, got it?!
(Black cut)
Airi: Alright, the claw's in a great spot! Now this plushie is basically mine...
Airi: Wait, what?! Even that wasn't enough?!
Ena: I know your pain. The claws here are super weak.
Mizuki: Man, I totally thought you had that one too...
Shizuku: To think that Airi can't do it after so many tries... Claw machines must be very difficult.
Ena: I went through a lot when I was here before...
Ena: But thanks to that, I feel like I've figured out a trick or two. I think you'll be able to get that plushie you're aiming for if you move it just a little more, Airi.
Airi: Wait, really?
Ena: Yeah. Hook the claw on the plushie's hat, not its body...
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Okay, I'm off to get us some drinks.
Mizuki: Safe travels!
Ena: Are you having a good time, Airi?
Airi: I am! It's been a while since I last got to hang out with everyone or get my body moving this much outside of practice, so I'm having a lot of fun!
Airi: Plus, I was able to get the plushie I wanted thanks to your advice!
Ena: Hehe, that's good to hear!
Mizuki: Now then! Sudden as this is, it's now time to ask our resident Airi a question♪
Mizuki: Have you ever seen a birthday celebration that made you think, “I wish someone would do this for me”?
Airi: That really was sudden...
Airi: Um, a celebration I wish I could have, right? Let's see...
Airi: Oh, there was one time when another girl at my agency got a photo album as a birthday present from her group.
Airi: The album was full of pictures of her singing during their shows... When I saw that, I thought it must be nice to receive a gift that has so many memories packed into it.
Mizuki: I see, I see...
Ena: A photo album... That makes sense.
Airi: Other than that... I once saw an idol show where they brought out a gigantic cake for a member's birthday. That was pretty funny.
Ena: A gigantic cake?
Airi: Yeah. It was on a table, and with that, it was about as tall as the birthday idol.
Airi: And she looked so happy with her mouth stuffed full of cake... That's kind of become a dream for me.
Mizuki: Ooh, that sounds great! I bet it'd be sheer bliss to just take a big mouthful of your favorite cake.
Airi: Speaking of cake... Ena did something for me too, back in junior high.
Mizuki: She did?
Airi: Yeah. She brought a cake to school.
Airi: Our junior high was pretty strict about not bringing snacks and stuff, so we had it in secret up on the roof during lunch break.
Ena: Yeah, I remember that. We celebrated your birthday while sweating over what to do if a teacher showed up.
Airi: That made for a birthday full of thrills. Still...
Airi: It's a really precious memory of mine.
Ena: Airi...
Airi: There are so many ways to celebrate a birthday... But really, just having someone to celebrate with is plenty.
Airi: That goes for everyone here today... It makes me really happy that you're all here going along with what I want to do.
Airi: Thank you both so much for today!
Mizuki: Hehehe, we should be thanking you for giving us the chance to celebrate!
Ena: I mean, it's your birthday, so of course we'd do this much.
Airi: Hehe. You're both so sweet!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: And we kept doing all sorts of sports and games after that... It was so much fun.
Len (MMJ): I see... So you got a grand celebration.
Airi: I did. I have such wonderful friends.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe, then... I'd like it if we could celebrate today too.
Airi: Huh?
Rin (MMJ): Yeah! You'll be busy with your birthday stream on the day, so we might not be able to do it in person then!
MEIKO (MMJ): It's a bit early, but... Happy birthday, Airi!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Airi: Everyone...
Airi: That's very sweet. Thank you!
Airi: To think everyone would celebrate so much when it's not even my birthday yet...
Airi: There's no doubt in my mind that my birthday's gonna be a great day!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Student A: Airi! Happy birthday!
Student B: Good luck on your birthday stream today!
Airi: Thanks! I hope you're excited for it!
Airi: Come on, what do you look so happy about...?
Shizuku: Well, seeing everyone wish you a happy birthday since this morning, I just can't help feeling happy myself.
Airi: Geez... I appreciate that, but we have our stream after school today. Don't get too up in the clouds, okay?
Shizuku: Okay!
Ayumi: A-Airi...
Airi: Wait... Ayumi? What's up?
Ayumi: Um... I was thinking we could have lunch together, if you don't mind... What do you think?
Airi: Oh...
Airi: (She made the effort to come invite me... But I have to get things ready for the stream now.)
Shizuku: The three of us can get things ready for the stream, Airi. Why don't you two have lunch together?
Airi: Wait, but...
Airi: Thanks. Since you're offering, I'll take you up on that.
Airi: Let's go, Ayumi! Does the courtyard sound good?
Ayumi: Y-Yeah. Sorry, I know you're busy. But...
Ayumi: I'm really happy we get to hang out, Airi...!
Airi: Huh?
Ayumi: It's your birthday, right? I was going to send a message, but I decided I wanted to celebrate with you in person.
Airi: Ayumi...
Airi: Thank you! I'm happy we get to hang out too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Okay, is everyone ready to wish Airi a happy birthday? Here we go...
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: Happy birthday, Airi!
Comments: <Happy bday, Airi!!!> <Happy birthday! I'm your fan forever!!> <Thank you for being born into this world, Airi.>
Minori: Whoa, there's so many comments! Uhh, uhh...
Minori: *Sob* They're coming in too fast, I can't keep up...!
Airi: Thanks, everyone! I'll be sure to read each of your comments later.
Airi: I got birthday wishes from a lot of people at school, and now I'm getting so many more... This is such a wonderful day!
Haruka: I'm happy for you, Airi.
Shizuku: Actually, we've prepared something in hopes of making this wonderful birthday even more wonderful... A gift for you!
Airi: A gift?
Minori: Ta-daaa! Here it is!
Airi: Whoa, that's a big box! It has six sides... And this is about the size of my head, no?
Airi: Something of this size... Hehe. I wonder what could be inside.
Haruka: Airi. Untie the ribbon and take off the lid.
Airi: Right! Then, here I go... One, two, three...
Airi: Oh no! The box fell apart... Wait, what...?
Airi: Wow... The box opened up like a flower... And there are photos on each petal...!
Minori: Hehehe, did we surprise you? It's a photo album in the shape of a gift box!
Shizuku: We wanted something that would make you feel excited each time you open it, and decided on this after asking around for ideas.
Airi: So that's the deal... It really did surprise me! I thought I broke it the moment I opened it.
Haruka: Hehe. That must've looked great on camera.
Airi: Honestly...
Airi: (Still, there are so many pictures... This one's from that time we did a show for Saki on the school roof, and this one's from the school trip...)
Airi: (A lot of people must have helped out with this.)
Airi: Thank you! This is such a nice present, with so many memories packed in!
Comments: <That album's super cute...> <I freaked out 'cause I thought Airi broke her present.> <It's great how they went the extra mile...>
Minori: I'm glad you like it! But Airi, this isn't our only gift for you!
Airi: Wait, there's something else?
Minori: Yeah! For your next gift... Shizuku, please do the honors!
Shizuku: Of course! Here we...go.
Airi: Wait... Wh-What's with the huge cake?! This has gotta be the size of one of our school desks!
Shizuku: Hehe. This is a specially made matcha cake. We got together with some of your loving juniors and went all out to make it♪
Airi: This size...isn't something you get by “going all out”...
Airi: (Wait, huh? First I got a photo album, and now a big cake... That means...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: (I see...)
Airi: (I guess this surprise plan was in motion way earlier than I thought.)
Airi: (Ena, Mizuki, all my friends and juniors... And everyone in MORE MORE JUMP!)
Airi: (So many people made this happen for me...)
Airi: Thank you so much for this surprise, everyone! The album and the cake both make me positively delighted!
Haruka: Hehe, I'm glad to see you're so happy.
Minori: Yeah! That means our surprise was a huge success!
Airi: Still... I can't let things end without giving something back.
Shizuku: Huh?
Airi: Once we've had our cake, the special birthday show is next!
Comments: <Special birthday show?!?!> <Today's your special day, but you're gonna do a show for us?!> <My eyes are wide open.>
Airi: Hehe. I want all of you watching the stream to get ready for the excitement!
Airi: As thanks for your birthday wishes, I'll sing with everything I've got. So look forward to it!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000293/bg_s000293.png)
Akito: Happy birthday, Momoi. I guess you're still looking out for Ena all the time... I don't think it could hurt to be the one making tall orders of her once in a while.
Mafuyu: I wish you a very happy birthday, Momoi. Ena and Mizuki were both really excited about getting your surprise ready, so I hope you'll let them know what you thought.
Emu: Happy birthday, Airi! You were suuuper cute when you got all surprised by that album☆
Nene: We talked about how thinking the box broke would definitely make you jump, so it really was a complete success.
Rui: We went through some trial and error with the shape of the box to make it look like a beautiful flower when opened...
Rui: Fortunately, the mechanism that makes it open up when the lid is removed seems to have worked perfectly.
Tsukasa: Indeed! We weren't expecting Shizuku to come with us for this sort of help, but we couldn't be happier that the surprise succeeded! Once again, Airi Momoi, happy birthday!
Saki: Happy birthday, Airi!
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Happy birthday!
Ichika: We all watched your stream. It made us happy to see how much you liked your surprise gifts.
Honami: Saki was very particular about which photos to include in the album. She pored over photos of you for hours, picking out which photos should go in one by one.
Shiho: Though, there was a chunk of time in the middle where she was more focused on looking than choosing...
Saki: Ahhh! Shiho, that's our secret, remember?!
Saki: But still! I made it my job to pick out the very best photos of you, Airi! I also gave special attention to how the album was decorated, so I hope you'll look at every nook and cranny♪
Kohane: Happy birthday, Airi.
Kohane: I'm glad you liked the matcha cake! I'd never really made something that big before, so I was kinda worried it might not have turned out well...
An: It was super good when we taste-tested, right? You've got nothing to worry about!
An: Let us know what you thought when you get a chance, Airi! Have a great birthday!
Mizuki: Woohoo! Our surprise was a huge success♪ C'mon, Airi, how was it?
Mizuki: By the way... Kanade also helped decorate the album!
Ena: Hehe. We made sure to include the balloon-shaped origami you cut out, Kanade.
Kanade: That was my first time touching origami in a long while... I'm glad you seemed to enjoy the album, Momoi.
Ena: Right, it's great that it went so well. It was nice to see you looking so happy, Airi.
Ena: I'll say this again... Happy birthday, Airi. I'll keep celebrating it as many times as you'll let me!
Minori: Happy birthday, Airi! Phew, it was so nerve-wracking thinking you might find out about the album or the cake!
Shizuku: It was. There were several moments when I almost let something slip...
Haruka: Oh, that could've been bad... Still, things went off without a hitch... And above all else, I'm so glad that you seem to be enjoying yourself so much, Airi.
Minori: Yeah! Getting help from everyone, I realized all over again that sooo many people just adore you, Airi!
Shizuku: Yes! And seeing so many people celebrate your birthday even filled me with joy.
Shizuku: We wish you a very happy birthday, Airi. Let's continue delivering hope to everyone going forward!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Airi: Thank you so much for all the birthday wishes!
Airi: Feeling so much love makes me all the more certain that I need to deliver more and more hope.
Airi: All this to say, I'm able to remain an idol for another day because I have you cheering me on!
Airi: I hope you'll keep watching me as I take more steps forward!
(White cut)
