941_Airi Momoi_R3 Pro Give And Take (event_133)

Gacha phrase: Okay, I'll tell you my secret!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Neighborhood]

Shizuku: I'm so glad I ran into you on my way to the MORE MORE HOUSE, Airi.
Airi: You do still tend to get lost.
Shizuku: No, I know how to get there.
Shizuku: I turn where the yellow sign is after leaving the station. Then, when I reach the intersection, I turn towards the construction site...
Airi: They finished doing construction there last week.
Shizuku: What?!
Airi: *Sigh* I had a feeling... Now I'm really glad that we ran into each other.
Airi: Especially since we're doing a stream today, and we absolutely can't be late for it.
Shizuku: Right... I hope everyone enjoys our MORE MORE Study Session.
Shizuku: We'll be studying for a very long time, so I'm a little worried that our viewers are going to get bored of watching, or get tired...
Airi: Don't worry. We've got little game and chat breaks planned so that doesn't happen.
Airi: Let's aim for a fun, and productive, study session with everyone!
Shizuku: Yes, let's!
Airi: Also...
Airi: We're the seniors, so we need to set a good example.
Shizuku: Huh?
Airi: Wait, why do you look so puzzled?
Airi: We're a year ahead of Minori and Haruka, remember? We don't want to embarrass ourselves when it comes to school stuff.
Airi: So, we need to be able to answer any questions they ask right away.
Shizuku: Does that mean you know what Minori and Haruka have been studying lately?
Airi: I do! This past week, on top of my usual studying, I spent some time flipping through my textbooks and notes from last year.
Airi: But to be fair, Haruka's pretty sharp, so I'm not sure how much teaching we'll actually need to do.
Shizuku: We can always count on you, Airi.
Shizuku: In that case, I might ask for your help too, if I get stuck somewhere.
Airi: We're in the same year! Figure it out yourself!
Airi: We got all those study guides and reference materials together just for this day, remember?!
Airi: Also, we had our own study session together to make sure that we're able to share some good tips and tricks.
Shizuku: Hehe. That's right.
Airi: I guess if we really can't figure something out, then we can always ask our fans...
Airi: After all, this is meant to be a group study session including all of them.
Shizuku: Oh, you're right! All of us teaching each other as a big group does sound like fun.
Airi: Right?
Airi: Being the seniors here does mean more pressure on us...
Airi: But let's make this stream fun for everyone!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Several dozen minutes later]

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Airi & Shizuku: We're back!
Airi: Oh...
Shizuku: I-I'm sorry. I can't help but treat this house like our new home...
Haruka: Welcome home, Airi.
Minori: Welcome home, Shizuku!
Airi: Don't encourage us.
Saito: Hehe. Actually, Minori and Haruka have both done the same thing.
Minori: S-Saito?! Don't sell us out like that!
Shizuku: Hehe. So everyone does it!
Airi: Okay, enough goofing. Let's get started with our stream meeting!
Saito: Good luck, everyone!
Saito: Oh, that reminds me. I took the liberty of putting some food in the fridge since I knew you'd be doing a long stream today.
Saito: Why don't you all have some during your meeting?
Minori: Wait, really?!
Airi: Thank you, Saito!
Airi: Then, let's munch on that while we talk about today's stream!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

[Hanamioka Town Hall]

Minori: *Sigh* I'm exhausted...
Airi: But we finished building the stage!
Minori: Thank goodness we were able to complete it in time for the event! Now we'll be able to cheer all the runners on!
Airi: Yeah. We can't let the runners show us up. We've got to sing and dance our hearts out to make this marathon an even more exciting event!
???: Good work, you two.
Airi: Huh? Oh!
Minori: Boss!
Local Carpenter: Here. The wife made you something.
Minori: Wow! These rice balls are loaded with different ingredients!
Airi: And they're still warm! Thank you for always being so kind!
Local Carpenter: No big deal. She does it because she wants to.
Airi: Still, we really appreciate it. Come on, let's have these while they're still warm!
Minori: Yeah!
Airi & Minori: Let's eat! Let's dig in!
Airi: Mmm!
Minori: *Sigh* This really hits the spot.
Airi: These rice balls are so good! The chicken and wild herbs are perfectly cooked!
Local Carpenter: Yeah? She'll love hearing that.
Local Carpenter: ... I saw the stage you two put up. Came together really nice.
Minori: ...! Thank you very much!
Airi: We wouldn't have been able to do it without everyone's help.
Local Carpenter: You got the hang of things pretty quick, Hanasato. And you were solid from the start, Momoi. But most important, you two've got guts.
Airi: Hehe. You know it! You're not gonna get an idol to break that easily!
Local Carpenter: Really? Not sure what being an idol has to do with it.
Local Carpenter: But, I'm glad your stage turned out as well as it did.
Local Carpenter: Say, I got a question for you two.
Minori: Huh? For us?
Local Carpenter: Yeah. Just, try not to laugh...
Local Carpenter: How can I get better at singing?
Airi: Huh? Singing?
Local Carpenter: Yeah. Next town meeting we're doing karaoke, and I have to sing. It's not really my thing...
Airi: Oh, I see... I kind of get that from you.
Local Carpenter: How? In any case, I'm not about to embarrass myself in front of any youngsters...
Local Carpenter: So, I was hoping I could get some professional advice.
Minori: Hmm... How to become a better singer...
Local Carpenter: Look, I'm not putting lipstick on a pig here. I'm not gonna be good. I just don't want to look nervous.
Airi: A way to not feel nervous...
Airi: Then, I have just the solution!
Local Carpenter: Oh, really?
Airi: Yes, all you have to do is... Sing loud and sing proud!
Local Carpenter: Sing loud and sing proud...?
Airi: You already know how to project your voice really loudly from your gut, Boss.
Airi: And that volume is really important when it comes to singing.
Minori: She's right! I could always hear your voice really clearly even from super far away!
Local Carpenter: Well, thanks and all... But is that really all there is to it?
Airi: Obviously, you have to practice in order to learn how to use techniques like vibrato and falsetto well...
Airi: But singing isn't just about whether or not you're good at it.
Local Carpenter: ...
Airi: Even if you aren't a great singer, you can leave a big impression just by putting in an honest effort!
Minori: Yeah! It's true, that can really make someone shine!
Airi: So just have confidence! Stand up on that stage and go, “Here I am!” And it should all work out.
Local Carpenter: I see...
Local Carpenter: Alright, got it. I'll give it a shot.
Airi: Great! I'm sure everyone's going to love the way you sing!
Minori: Break a leg!
Local Carpenter: Alright, thanks!
Airi: (Hehe. He seems to be feeling much better now. I'm so glad that we could help.)
Airi: (Well, after saying all that, I can't back down myself. We're gonna sing and dance on that stage we built...)
Airi: (And give energy to everyone who comes to the marathon!)
(Black cut)
