968_Airi Momoi_R4 Shine On Me (event_138)

Gacha phrase: Let's all make this moment our special memory!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

[Morning]

[Neighborhood]

Airi: *Sigh* How did I wake up an hour before my alarm was set to go off?
Airi: (I guess I'm just that anxious after hearing yesterday about how we get to perform at Idol Lovers.)
Airi: (To be fair, it's natural for me to be this excited since I've been dreaming of performing on that stage forever.)
Airi: (Plus, leaving home early means having time to practice for a bit on my own.)
Airi: Alright. I gotta make the most of today!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[MORE MORE HOUSE - Practice Room]

Airi: Alright, where should I begin today? I'll just start with stretches, and then go over the choreography and...huh?
Minori: Spin and... Pose! Hmm... No, that still doesn't seem right...
Airi: M-Minori?!
Minori: Huh?! A-Airi...?!
Minori: Wh-What are you doing here?! You're way earlier than usual!
Airi: I could say the same thing! Why are you here so early?!
Minori: U-Uhh... So, I...
Minori: I became so excited about getting to perform at Idol Lovers that I started having trouble sitting still...
Minori: I couldn't wait to start practicing for it, so I decided to come early.
Airi: Hehe. Then, I guess great minds think alike!
Minori: Wait, Airi, you too?
Airi: Yup! I mean, this is Idol Lovers we're talking about! We have every right to be excited!
Minori: Y-Yeah...!
Minori: The thing is, I was so excited that as soon as I got home, I immediately watched the Blu-ray of Idol Lovers from two years ago!
Airi: Two years ago...? Great choice! That really was a good one!
Minori: Exactly! In particular, VUz's performance!
Airi: Yeah, the way they danced that day was so cool...
Airi: Their routines also involved interacting with the crowd more than usual...! They really set the place on fire!
Minori: I know, right?! They did it just for that day! My jaw was on the floor the entire time...!
Airi: And now, we get to perform on that stage... It feels like a dream, but it's not.
Minori: Yeah...!
Minori: And you said that you've been dreaming of performing there since you were in QT, so I can't imagine how happy you are right now.
Airi: Yeah. I kept believing that I'd for sure get a chance to perform on that stage someday.
Airi: Especially when the other idols from my agency kept getting invited...
Minori: From your agency?
Airi: That started happening around the time I began appearing solo on TV.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: (Phew... That lesson's finally over, so now I need to ask our manager about tomorrow's show and...)
Junior Idols: Oh! Hi, Airi! How are you?!
Airi: Hey, how's it going? What are you guys talking about? You seem really excited.
Junior Idols: You gotta hear this...! We just got invited to perform at Idol Lovers!
Airi: What?! Idol Lovers...?!
Junior Idols: Yeah! That's why we got a little loud just now.
Airi: I had no idea...! I mean, Idol Lovers?! That's incredible!
Airi: You're all always working so hard, staying late to practice too. Congratulations! I can't wait to see your performance!
Junior Idols: Thank you very much! We promise to do our best!
Junior Idols: Oh, sorry, you'll need to excuse us... We have to get to a meeting!
Airi: Okay, see you later!
Airi: (Idol Lovers, huh...?)
Airi: (That really is incredible. They get to perform on that stage...)
Airi: (As things stand, QT doesn't have the name recognition to get an invite. I know that, but...)
Airi: (I wanna sing and dance on a stage like that someday.)
Airi: (I wanna perform at that giant sparkling venue and get my big break as an idol.)
Airi: (I know I will... Someday!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: In the end, my wish never came true because QT never got invited.
Airi: But the industry has taken notice of MORE MORE JUMP! So, I couldn't be happier about receiving this invite.
Minori: Airi...
Airi: Obviously, it's not the finish line... But it's still my dream to perform on that stage. So, you bet I'm going to give it all I have!
Minori: Yeah, I know what you mean!
Airi: Let's take all the joy we're feeling right now...
Airi: And use it to put on a performance not only worthy of Idol Lovers, but our best one yet!
Minori: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Airi: Nice work, everyone! I'm guessing we're all exhausted after that performance.
Shizuku: Yes, I feel like I'm going to sleep like a baby tonight.
Minori: But Idol Lovers was so much fun...! It was crazy how the crowd made the stage shake by cheering so loudly...!
Haruka: And a lot of people seem to be talking about how amazing our performance was on social media.
Shizuku: Oh, really?
Haruka: Yeah, take a look. There are all these comments about our performance.
Airi: Hehe. Not only are they talking about us, but a ton of people are even talking about the performance we did with ReLight.
Minori: Oh, look! This person wrote a whole paragraph about how amazing you did, Airi!
Minori: “Your smile made me swoon!” “I'm totally your fan now!” Look at all this!
Airi: ...! Hehe. It's always nice to get that in words!
Haruka: Let's keep reading... Oh, this person said, “I lost my voice while MORE MORE JUMP! was on stage.”
Shizuku: Yes, everyone did cheer at the top of their lungs today.
Shizuku: As a result, the audience and the performers were able to become united as one.
Airi: It really was an amazing show.
Airi: (I'm probably never gonna forget what happened today for as long as I live.)
Airi: (I might even dream about it as I sleep!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day - Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 3-E]

Airi: Zzz... Zzz...
Shizuku: I'm back, Airi... The restroom was very crowded and...
Shizuku: Huh...? Oh, that's rare. She's taking a nap.
Shizuku: I should probably wake her since lunch is almost over, but...
Airi: Heh... Hehe...
Shizuku: She seems to be having a nice dream...
Airi: Mhm...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: Hehe... Everyone...
Airi: I love you all...
Shizuku: (Oh, is she dreaming about...?)
Shizuku: Airi.
Airi: Huh?! W-Wait, did I fall asleep...?!
Shizuku: Good morning, Airi. It's almost time for our next class.
Shizuku: You were smiling while you were asleep just now. Did you have a pleasant dream...?
Airi: Huh? Was I making that kind of face...?
Shizuku: Yes. You smiled and said, “I love you all,” so I thought your dream had to be very nice.
Airi: Oh... Yeah, it was nice.
Airi: I was dreaming about our performance at Idol Lovers yesterday.
Shizuku: Yes, I had a feeling.
Airi: I know I said that I might dream about what happened yesterday, but to think that what I said would actually come true.
Shizuku: Hehe. It only seems natural. I mean, yesterday's show was just that good.
Shizuku: The truth is, I also dreamed about it this morning.
Airi: What?
Shizuku: I was so happy about what happened yesterday...
Shizuku: Because I've been watching you practice and work so hard to become a super idol.
Shizuku: And your hard work paid off... I got to see you shine on that stage.
Shizuku: All of those things, as well as getting to stand next to you as it happened, filled me with so much joy...
Airi: Shizuku...
Airi: It sounds like you're happier than I am.
Airi: Still... Thanks, Shizuku.
Airi: But we can't rest on our laurels!
Shizuku: Huh?
Airi: Yes, we got to perform at Idol Lovers, and I got to fulfill a dream of mine. But our real goal is still way up ahead, right?
Airi: So, we don't have time to get all sentimental!
Shizuku: Yes, you're right!
Airi: (First, Idol Lovers... Then, Butokan. And finally, a show at the Dome. To get closer to becoming my ideal idol...)
Airi: We gotta keep trying more and more!
(Black cut)
