1007_Airi Momoi_R4 A Song Of Courage (event_144)

Gacha phrase: It'll be okay! Have courage.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Airi Momoi)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Airi: Thanks for gathering on such short notice, everyone.
Saki: Hehe. I'm always happy to have lunch with you, Airi♪
Honami: It's unfortunate Ichika isn't able to join us today.
Airi: She's got broadcasting committee stuff. Our hands are tied.
Airi: Anyway, I'll explain why I asked you all to gather while we eat.
(Black cut)
Airi: So, Kusanagi has apparently been asked to lead the planning committee's stage performance for Shibu Schools Fest.
Airi: It's going to be a musical, and she needs a lot of people to help make it happen.
Shiho: I see. I had a feeling that's what this was.
Airi: Huh?
Saki: The truth is, Ichi's already told us a little about what's happening!
Shiho: Apparently, Kusanagi asked her if she'd like to help with this musical, too.
Honami: We've actually been talking about how fun it could be to work on it, since so many schools are going to be participating.
Airi: I really had no idea!
Airi: I'm sure Kusanagi would really appreciate your help.
Airi: Oh, but... I'm sure things are really busy for Leo/need right now, with your debut song becoming a big hit.
Honami: Yes, things are busy, and we have quite a lot on our plate at the moment.
Honami: But the record company did give us permission to participate, since they view this festival as an official school event.
Saki: So, we plan to enjoy being 100% high schoolers, at least while we're helping with Shibu Schools Fest♪
Airi: Hehe. That's great!
Airi: (It's nice to hear that their record company is letting them enjoy their school life like this.)
Airi: So, can I pencil you all in to help with the musical?
Saki & Shiho: Yes♪ Yes.
Honami: Including Ichika, the four of us will be more than happy to help.
Airi: Thank you all so much!
Shiho: While we're on the subject, have you already spoken to Shizuku about this?
Shiho: The festival itself came up during dinner last night, but nothing about this musical.
Airi: I asked her to join us here today, but she had to take care of some committee business.
Airi: So I'll just tell her later.
Airi: We're sorta free right now, so I'm pretty sure she'll also want to join in on the fun.
Shiho: I see.
Saki: Why don't you and Shizuku join the same team, Shiho?
Shiho: Huh? Why would we do that?
Saki: Didn't you ask Airi if she'd already told Shizuku because you want to work with her?
Shiho: That's not what I meant. I was just worried that she'd come up to me later and say, “Why didn't you tell me?” while using her puppy-dog eyes on me.
Honami: Hehe.
Honami: Oh, speaking of which, what about Hanasato and Kiritani...?
Airi: I do plan on bringing it up to them.
Airi: Unfortunately, they're scheduled to work during the period when we'll be preparing for the festival.
Airi: (I wish they could join us, but they've been working towards this offer for a long time now. Having them reschedule is basically impossible at this point.)
Honami: I see...
Saki: I was so looking forward to enjoying this festival with them!
Airi: But the best part about Shibu Schools Fest is the fact that we'll get to work with students from all the other schools.
Airi: Kusanagi's participating, which means we should get to see a bunch of other familiar faces from Kamiyama High, right?
Saki: Oh, now that you mention it, Tsukasa also talked to me about this festival!
Saki: Does that mean Toya's also going to participate?
Shiho: Shiraishi also seems to like these kinds of events, so I'm sure she and Kohane will be participating as well.
Honami: What about Mizuki and Ena?
Airi: Ena? She might if a friend invites her...
Airi: This also seems like Mizuki's cup of tea. Even more so if Akito and the others are all gonna be participating.
Saki: Cool! That means we'll all get to work on this musical together!
Airi: Exactly! We might even get to make some new friends.
Airi: Opportunities like this don't come up often, so let's do our best to give our leader, Kusanagi, the support she deserves!
Shiho, Honami & Saki: Right!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, An Shiraishi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Rehearsal Room]

Airi: “♪————————”
An: “♪————~~~~~!”
Nene: “Wow... That's amazing...!”
Nene: “You two are completely different in terms of styles, but both your performances were so powerful. I was really moved by them...!”
Nene: “I didn't realize music could be so free and fun...!”
Ichika: “Then, why don't we sing together?”
Ichika: “I'd like to sing that song I taught you the other day.”
Nene: “Okay...!”
Nene & Ichika: “♪——————!”
(Black cut)
Emu: This is awesome! You looked like you were having so much fun that I almost started singing with you♪
Cast Member: Yeah! You did a really good job of singing while staying in character, like Kusanagi said!
An: Really?!
Airi: What did you think, Kusanagi?
Nene: Yeah, you've both improved quite a lot. I could really sense what your characters were feeling! 
Ichika: Thank goodness...!
Airi: That means all our hard work is starting to pay off!
An: Yeah! Alright, can we go through that part one more time while the feeling's still fresh?
Airi: As much as I'd like to, I'm pretty sure we have...
???: Hey, can someone let me in?
Airi: Oh, right on cue! Be right there!
Mizuki: Thanks for getting the door for me! All our hands are completely full right now.
Airi: Hey, those look pretty heavy. Why don't you all set everything down over there?
Shizuku: Thank you, Airi. We can set our things down here, everyone.
Costume Designer: Okay!
Costume Designer: Wh-Whoa! Airi's really here...!
Costume Designer: Yeah! Getting to design costumes with Shizuku has been amazing, but to think that Airi's gonna wear what we make!
Costume Designer: We get to talk about this for the rest of our lives!
Mizuki: They really love you, Airi.
Airi: Right? I'm an idol, after all, and a good one.
Mizuki: Haha! Truth is, I'm also really looking forward to seeing you in the costumes we made♪
An: Then, what's the holdup? Show us what you got already.
Mizuki: Slow down! Since we're all here, we wanna take this chance to make some fit adjustments and stuff.
Costume Designer: Mind if we get started, Kusanagi?
Nene: No, go right ahead.
Costume Designer: Then, we'll call you up using your character names. Please come over here when we do.
Costume Designer: Starting with the Butler and house staff, and the tutor!
Tsukasa: Hm? That's me.
Rui: As the director, I should probably sit in.
An: It's just a few of us at a time... We might be waiting around for a while.
Airi: Yeah, I wish we could use this time more productively...
Airi: I know! While we wait, why don't we have them show us the key points of our costumes?
Airi: I think it's important to know the specific characteristics of our costumes and what feelings they put into them, to make sure we can shine on stage together. 
Airi: Actually, on second thought, the idol in me might be focusing too much on the little details.
Emu: No, I agree with you! That stuff is really important in our shows, too!
Nene: Yes, I agree as well.
Nene: So... I'm sure your mental images of your characters have developed as you've been practicing.
Nene: Putting on a costume can make those mental images more vivid, but knowing how it was made can help make them more concrete and specific.
Mizuki: In other words...
Mizuki: It's okay for us to tell you guys all about our design processes?!
Airi: Hehe. A lot of you seem like you can'twait to, so by all means!
Mizuki: Yes! Alright, let's get all the costumes out♪
An: Mizuki! Mizuki! Show me the one I'm gonna wear!
Mizuki: Sure thing♪
Shizuku: In that case, why don't I tell you about all the work I put into the embroidery?
Ichika: Oh, I'd really like to hear that!
Cast Member: M-Me too...! Me too!
Airi: Then, within reason, let's ask the costume designers all about their creations while we wait!
Everyone: Okay! Okay♪
(Black cut)
