1049_Airi Momoi_R2 One Of The Fans (event_151)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: Alright, I didn't make a single mistake this time!
Len (MMJ): Yeah, that looked pretty good!
Haruka: Thank you, Len. This is a difficult dance, but you've really helped us get the hang of it.
Len (MMJ): I'm glad I could help you two. Huh?
Len (MMJ): Welcome, Airi!
MEIKO (MMJ): You went over to see how Shizuku was doing, yes? How was she...?
Airi: Well, she was practicing like there was no tomorrow.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: She seemed so focused... I got goosebumps just watching her.
Airi: It's been a long time since she last gave off this sort of vibe.
Len (MMJ): A long time?
Airi: Yeah... It reminds me of when I was still a trainee.
Minori: A trainee? As in, before you debuted with QT?
Airi: That's right. Back then, I practiced like crazy every single day in order to rise above my peers.
Airi: Trainees of the same cohort are supposed to work together to improve, but they're also rivals competing for a limited number of debut spots.
Haruka: In other words, because there are only a limited number of spots, not everyone gets to make their debut.
Airi: Exactly. That's why I did absolutely everything in my power to get the attention of anyone I could, and show them that I'm the brightest star.
Airi: A reminder of how tough show business really is...
Len (MMJ): It's incredible to think that you were able to win one of those spots and make your big debut.
Airi: To be fair, I had a lot of luck on my side.
Airi: But we're talking about when I was a trainee.
Airi: Right now, Shizuku is practicing even harder than I ever did back then.
Airi: It's like when she'd just become the lead for Cheerful * Days... No, more than that...
Airi: She sent shivers down my spine. She was that cool.
MEIKO (MMJ): Airi...
Airi: Which is why...
Airi: I believe she's gonna find a way to succeed.
Airi: If the people from that production company saw her now, I bet their jaws would be on the floor.
Airi: Huh? What's so funny...?
MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. Oh, nothing. It's just...
MEIKO (MMJ): Shizuku must be so happy knowing that she has a loyal fan such as yourself supporting her.
Len (MMJ): Yeah, she's so blessed as an idol.
Airi: Wait, me? Shizuku's fan...?
Airi: No, I wasn't trying to say that...!
Minori: But your eyes sparkled so much while you were talking about her just now!
Haruka: Yeah, she'd probably love to hear everything you just said.
Airi: Wait, don't you dare tell her!
Airi: A-Anyway, we need to start practicing! And you two are gonna help us, Len, MEIKO!
MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. Of course!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Airi: (Let's see... Rin should be...)
Airi: (There she is. I promised her that we'd practice together, but it looks like Shizuku and MEIKO are also with her.)
Shizuku: Oh! Hello, Airi!
Airi: Wait, why do you look so happy...?
Shizuku: Hehe. No reason♪
Airi: Yeah, it doesn't look like no reason.
MEIKO (MMJ): So, the thing is...
MEIKO (MMJ): Remember how you went over to watch Shizuku practice the other day?
MEIKO (MMJ): Shizuku just happened to overhear me telling Rin about what happened...
Airi: What...?!
Shizuku: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to eavesdrop on their conversation...
Rin (MMJ): Not a problem! We told Shizuku about all the wonderful things you said about her, Airi!
Airi: That's a big problem!
Shizuku: It made me very happy to hear you said you believed in me, Airi.
Airi: That isn't exclusive to just me... We all knew how hard you were working.
Shizuku: But I had no idea that you felt that way about me. That made me so happy...!
Airi: Alright, settle down. All I did was say what was on my mind.
Shizuku: Oh, and you even said I sent shivers down your spine.
Airi: What...?! MEIKO, just how much did you tell her?!
MEIKO (MMJ): I'm sorry! She used her puppy-dog eyes on me...!
MEIKO (MMJ): Nobody can say no to her when she does. You know that, right, Airi?
Airi: Urgh... Yeah, I unfortunately do...
Rin (MMJ): Hehe♪ I'd be over the moon too if Airi showered me with that kind of praise.
Shizuku: Yes!
Shizuku: Oh, that reminds me...
Shizuku: You gave me some very kind words when you came over to give me those rice balls, Airi.
Rin (MMJ): Ooh! What did she say?
Airi: Stop right there, Shizuku!
Airi: That's enough! You get to keep that to yourself!
Shizuku: Wait, but... I thought you were incredibly cool that time...
Airi: Doesn't matter. That's our little secret!
Shizuku: Our little secret. Hehe. Yes, that also works...
Airi: (That was a close one. If she told them about what I said...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: Here, these rice balls are for you.
Shizuku: Wow... Thank you so much, Airi! I was just starting to feel a little hungry.
Airi: You did say that you've been practicing all since this morning.
Airi: But you gotta remember to take breaks, okay?
Shizuku: I know, but I want to keep going...
Shizuku: Because I know I still don't have what it takes...
Airi: Shizuku...
Shizuku: Oh, I'm sorry... I know you're concerned, Airi.
Airi: No, don't mind me. You should do what you feel is right.
Shizuku: What...?
Airi: Yeah, I would normally try to stop you.
Airi: But you're trying to reach a new level, right?
Airi: So, you should keep trying until you feel satisfied. And if you feel unsure, I'll be right here watching you.
Shizuku: Oh...
Shizuku: *Nod* Thank you...!
Shizuku: I promise to make this shoot a success. For MORE MORE JUMP!, and for myself.
Airi: Yeah. I believe in you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rin (MMJ): Oh, Shizuku, can you tell us what she told you?! Please!
MEIKO (MMJ): Saying that it's a secret is only making us more curious.
Airi: I said no!
Airi: Anyway, we're here to practice, aren't we? You two wanted me to teach you that super cute and captivating turn, right? 
Rin (MMJ): Oh, right! Please teach us, Ms. Airi!
(Black cut)
