1060_Airi Momoi_R4 We're Matching♥ (event_153)

Gacha phrase: Well? Do we look cute?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Ena Shinonome)

[A Neighboring City's Mall]

Airi: Perfect! We're here on time as planned!
Ena: Alright, where's the line for the lucky bags...?
Airi: Right over there. See, that person must be a member of the staff.
Ena: Oh, you're right... Yawn...
Airi: Someone's sleepy. I guess that's only natural considering how early in the morning it is...
Airi: That being said, you might not be able to get the bags you want if you don't pep yourself up by the time they start.
Ena: I know. Lucky bags are a knock-down drag-out fight, after all.
Airi: Exactly!
Airi: Nowadays, some shops sell them online, but there's something special about getting the bag you want in person.
Airi: Wait, Ena, I think I hear your phone ringing.
Ena: *Nod* Oh, Mizuki just sent me a message.
Airi: Whoa, someone's up super early.
Airi: Actually, Mizuki said something about getting one of those bags online. Is that what's going on?
Ena: Probably. I get that you can only get these bags during New Year's, but I still don't understand why that would take priority over seeing you, Airi...
Airi: No, I totally understand. Lucky bags are the best deals you can get all year, after all.
Airi: And I'm always willing to hang out, if we can make plans.
Ena: Yeah, but... Huh?
Ena: Mizuki just asked, “Did you manage to get up?” Yes, I'm awake! Thank you very much!
Airi: That's so thoughtful to look out for you like that.
Ena: Not thoughtful! Thoughtless! I don't have a problem with getting up early! Especially if it means getting to hang out with you, Airi!
Ena: Hey, I know!
Ena: Let's take a selfie together, Airi!
Airi: Huh? A selfie?
Ena: Hehe. I mean, what's the fun in just replying that I'm up?
Ena: So, let's take a selfie that makes it look like we're having a ton of fun together. I'll even reply, “This shopping spree's gonna be so amazing♪”
Ena: I mean, look! Not only do we have matching hairstyles today, we've both tied off our braids with the same ribbons but in different colors!
Airi: Yeah, it would be nice to show off to someone.
Ena: Exactly! Hmm... Oh, let's use that mirror over there!
Ena: Airi, come closer.
Ena: Alright, here goes our first one.
Ena: Yeah, looks good! No, but... There might be a better angle...
Airi: Take as many as you like. It's not like we have anything else to do until everything gets started.
Ena: Thanks, Airi!
Ena: Still, on top of your hair looking great today, you also did an amazing job with your makeup.
Ena: I mean, here! Your skin looks like it's been airbrushed!
Airi: Hehe. Of course it does!
Airi: I spent as much time on my makeup today as I do for a TV shoot.
Ena: Really...?!
Ena: But it's a shame that your disguise is covering up your face. I mean, you worked so hard.
Airi: That's fine. I went all out because I knew I was seeing you today, Ena.
Airi: So as long as you've seen it, that means I've accomplished my mission.
Ena: Wait, me?
Airi: I mean, it's not often that we get to spend all of New Year's Day hanging out together.
Airi: I wasn't about to do a half-hearted job on my makeup, disguise or no.
Ena: Airi...
Ena: Hehe. You really went through all that trouble just for me?
Airi: Yeah, and you should feel honored that you got me to put in so much effort.
Ena: Of course, your majesty.
Ena: Anyway, we gotta send Mizuki the best pic we can! Let's try a different pose next, Airi!
Airi: Alright, sounds good!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Early morning]

[Shrine Hall]

Airi: Alright, we're done with our New Year's shrine visit!
Minori: Yup! We're gonna work harder and harder and harder this year to make our dream of doing a show at the Dome a reality!
Airi: Hehe. That's what I like to hear. Now, let's go see how lucky we are by drawing ourselves some fortunes!
Haruka: Come to think of it, we chose this shrine because it enshrines a deity of the performing arts, but they also have cute fortunes, right?
Shizuku: I'm also looking forward to what their fortunes look like.
Airi: Instead of telling you, it'll be quicker to just see for yourselves. The shrine office should be... Oh, over there!
Airi: Yes! These are the flower fortunes that they only have during New Year's!
Minori: Wow! The shelves are all covered in different types of flowers!
Shizuku: But they're not real. They're all made of paper, yes?
Airi: Yeah, using washi paper. The actual fortune is apparently tied to the flower's stem.
Haruka: Oh, that's interesting. Then, does that mean we should choose our favorite flowers?
Minori: Hey, look! The shelves for these flowers all have numbers written on them!
Airi: Just tell the shrine maiden which number you'd like and she'll bring over your flower.
Airi: Also, these aren't the only flower fortunes this place has to offer. Look to your right!
Shizuku: Oh, those fortunes are all shaped like cherry-blossom petals!
Airi: That's right! Each petal is designed to be unfolded, which then reveals your fortune.
Haruka: Interesting. And it turns into a cherry blossom once it's fully bloomed, so to speak.
Minori: Cool! Those also seem really cute!
Airi: I know, right? We made plans to draw fortunes together, so I thought we could create some fun memories for ourselves.
Airi: (I really need to thank Ena again for telling me about these fantastically photogenic fortunes.)
Airi: Let's go over and ask once we've all made our choices.
(Black cut)
Haruka: You still seemed undecided until a second ago, Minori, but you decided to go with the flower petal type, the same as Shizuku?
Minori: Yup! I thought this one would suit my room the best!
Shizuku: I'm very much looking forward to seeing what my fortune says.
Airi: Me too. Let's all open them together.
Airi: Ready, everyone? One, two...!
Haruka: Oh, I got a blessing.
Shizuku: Mine is a small blessing.
Airi: Same here... I'm not sure how to feel about this.
Minori: B-B-B-B-Bad luck?!
Shizuku: Oh dear...
Airi: Hey, that's perfect! That's the best result we could ask for, TV-wise.
Minori: The best?! Far from it! And we're not doing a shoot right now!
Minori: I-I'm gonna go get another one!
Airi: Seriously, she doesn't see how that's variety-show gold?
Airi: At the same time, I'm not happy with my fortune either. So, I'm also gonna draw another one. I want a great blessing or absolutely terrible luck!
Haruka: I understand wanting a great blessing, but I don't think I've ever heard someone say that they want terrible luck with such exuberance...
Shizuku: Yes, but we also shouldn't expect anything else from Airi.
(Black cut)
Minori: Minori Hanasato will now be making her second drawing! Please!
Airi: Great blessing or terrible luck! Great blessing or terrible luck!
Airi: Bad luck...?!
Airi: This is actually terrible. Getting a worse fortune is one thing, but it's not really funny if I have the same bad luck as you, Minori!
Airi: If anything, it would've been better if I drew another small blessing. That seems way more unlikely, so it would at least be funny—
Minori: Nooooooo! Wh-Why does it keep giving me bad luck?!
Airi: M-Minori...
Airi: Hey, the year's just started, but you're already on fire! Not many people get two of those in a row!
Minori: What do you mean I'm on fire?! This is terrible!
Airi: No, it's not! You've even been providing us with top-notch reactions! But I'm not about to let you hog the spotlight!
Haruka: Airi...
Airi: My small blessing was followed by bad luck... Normally, I'd draw one more and hope for a positive.
Airi: But nothing will do right now other than terrible luck!
Airi: Excuse me! Can I draw another fortune?!
Haruka: Us drawing fortunes has suddenly turned into practicing for our next appearance on a variety show...
Shizuku: All this activity must've woken Airi's inner variety-show spirit from its slumber.
Minori: I-I'm also not leaving here with just bad luck!
Minori: Wait for me, Airi! I also wanna draw another one!
(Black cut)
