1114_Airi Momoi_R2 Cooking Stream Prep (event_157)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Airi: Morning, you two!
Minori: Oh! Morning, Airi!
Minori: By the way, did you look at those documents we sent you the other day?
Airi: Don't worry. I looked at everything you both sent me.
Airi: I thought you did a good job of explaining how our fans would see things, Minori. Your suggestions should allow us to make the most of our strengths.
Airi: As for you, Shizuku, I really liked your idea of presenting some affordable skincare products. It feels like a good reason to keep this series going.
Shizuku: I'm glad you feel that way. In that case, I'll start hammering out the details.
Airi: Thanks. I jotted down some suggestions for ways we could make it even better, so let's keep doing what we can to turn these ideas into really good streams!
Minori: You made your own suggestions...?! Thank you so much, Airi!
Shizuku: While we're on the subject, Airi, how is your idea coming along? You've been helping us so much...
Airi: It's coming along fine. I more or less know what I wanna do now, so I'm currently in the middle of working out the details. You two keep focusing on your own ideas.
Shizuku: If you say so. But let us know if you do need our help, okay?
Airi: I promise to let you know if that does happen.
Airi: Anyway, let's jump into today's agenda!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Evening]

[Airi's Room]

Airi: Alright, I've taken a bath and finished stretching. Let's get back to working on my segment.
Airi: (I told the other two that I'd be fine, so I need to make sure that we're able to put on a good stream...)
Airi: Let's see... I was in the middle of choosing recipes for another cooking stream. My current candidates are...
Airi: (Thankfully, this series has become pretty popular. It's nice how our viewers get to have fun regardless of whether or not they know how to cook.)
Airi: (So, I'll want to cook something that they'll all like... Which should I choose?)
Airi: (Maybe something healthy with lots of veggies? Or a recipe that's both quick and easy...?)
Airi: It's usually best to look to our fans about questions like these.
Airi: So, let's see if I can find any clues in the comments. I'll take a look at our archived streams.
(Black cut)
Airi: I see.
Airi: Last time, a lot of people said they really appreciated us going with a simple recipe.
Airi: One person said, “My parents loved it when I made these for them.” And another even said, “I don't cook a lot, but this recipe ended up being really fun.”
Airi: When you take our fans into consideration, it's probably best to go with a recipe that's geared towards novices instead of experienced cooks.
Airi: So, for our next stream...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

(Place: MORE MORE HOUSE)
Airi: Now then... We'll be giving our usual progress reports today, but I'd like to go first for a change!
Airi: Like I mentioned last time, I'm thinking about doing another cooking stream, and I've picked out some prospective recipes.
Minori: Oh, what are you gonna cook this time?!
Airi: Alright, this time, I'm going with... “An Easy Peasy & Appetizing Recipe!”
Shizuku & Minori: “An Easy Peasy & Appetizing Recipe”...?!
Airi: That's right. After taking another look at our previous stream, I noticed that a lot of our viewers don't really cook on a regular basis.
Minori: Yeah, now that you mention it, you went with a simple recipe last time!
Airi: Which I believe led to a bunch of our viewers giving it a try themselves.
Airi: So, I'm thinking about doing something similar this time around.
Shizuku: Hence the “easy peasy” recipe, yes?
Minori: If the recipes you chose really are both easy and appetizing, then I'm sure everyone will want to give it a try!
Airi: I'm glad you're saying that.
Airi: Also... While we're at it, I'd like to make sure it's nutritionally balanced.
Airi: A recipe that's both healthy and delicious. With lots of veggies and other stuff that's good for you.
Airi: Once I've got my final list of candidates, I'll be doing a test run. When I do, I'll need you two to taste test for me!
Minori: Woohoo! I can't wait to try what you make, Airi.
Shizuku: You've been helping us quite a lot with our ideas, so we need to return the favor somehow.
Airi: Hehe. Then, let's all do our best.
Airi: I'm gonna need all the help you two can give me in order to make this stream a good one!
Shizuku & Minori: Of course! No problem!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE - Kitchen]

Airi: Alright, we have all the ingredients we need for this recipe.
Airi: Today, I'll be testing out the recipes I've picked out for my stream.
Minori: My stomach's already grumbling!
Airi: Hey, hold your horses.
Airi: This is meant to be a full dress rehearsal, so let me know if something doesn't seem right.
Airi: Anyway, the three recipes I have as candidates are... A rice bowl with three toppings, chopped daikon radish leaves with fried tofu and tuna butter rice.
Airi: I'll need you two to help me make them, okay?
Shizuku: Yes, of course!
Minori: We promise to do our best so that they turn out really yummy!
Airi: Thanks. Then, let's get started, shall we?
(Black cut)
Shizuku: So, the toppings for the rice bowl are... Ground chicken, scrambled eggs and stir-fried bell peppers, yes?
Minori: Ground chicken and eggs go great together. And bell peppers are really good for you...
Minori: *Gasp* Doesn't that make this a nutritionally complete meal?!
Airi: That might be saying too much. But there's no doubting that it's nutritious and delicious.
Minori: Oh, but... Not everybody likes bell peppers.
Airi: I've got that covered.
Airi: For those who aren't fans of bell peppers, I've come up with an alternative recipe that replaces them with snow peas and spinach.
Airi: I plan to demonstrate those as well.
Minori: Whoa! That's amazing, Airi! You really do have all your bases covered...!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Next is the chopped radish leaves.
Shizuku: It's common for people to toss the leaves, so it should be nice to present a recipe that makes use of them.
Airi: Exactly. Not only are they really nutritious, they're actually really versatile.
Airi: Yes, they are a bit bitter, but that can be remedied by cooking them. I even threw in some sakura shrimp for a better aroma.
Minori: Oh, this would go amazingly well with rice! I can't wait to try it...!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: And for the tuna butter rice, you're going to drain all the oil from the tuna can, yes?
Airi: That's right. But that's just my preference. Those who want a bolder flavor can leave the oil.
Airi: Oh, I bought some extra tuna, so why don't we give that a try too?
Minori: Yes! We get to compare them!
(Black cut)
Airi: There we are! We managed to make everything I had planned.
Shizuku: Each dish went very smoothly, so I feel that our stream will go very well if we present everything at this pace.
Minori: Also, everything looks so good...! The smell alone is making my mouth water!
Shizuku: I'm also starting to get a little hungry.
Airi: Hehe. In that case, let's start seeing how everything tastes!
Airi: Put your hands together, and... Let's eat!
Minori & Shizuku: Let's eat!
Shizuku: These radish leaves are delicious...!
Shizuku: And they go perfectly with rice... Nom...
Airi: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that. So, Minori, how's the tuna rice?
Minori: ...!
Airi: Minori...?
Minori: ...! ...!!!
Airi: Hey, we won't know what you're thinking if you don't tell us.
Minori: *Gasp*
Minori: Th-That's weird... I thought I just said how yummy and delicious this dish is over and over.
Airi: Yeah, in your head. Also, you gotta say more than “yummy” and “delicious”.
Minori: R-Right...! I still have a lot to learn...
Airi: That being said, I'm glad to hear that it tastes good.
Airi: And we finished cooking right on time. This means we should be able to make everything live just fine.
Airi: But we also have those alternative recipes to consider... Why don't we talk about how we're gonna work those in?
Saito: Good morning! We're back.
Haruka: We're... Wait, huh? Something smells really good.
Shizuku: Oh, you're both back.
Minori: We were just whipping up some yummy dishes for an upcoming stream!
Saito: Oh, I see! That explains this delicious aroma...
Airi: If you're hungry, then wanna join us for our taste test? Everything's done, so I'd love to hear what you both think.
Haruka: Well, I am pretty hungry... So, Airi, if you don't mind us having some of your cooking.
Airi: Hehe. Then, gimme a sec to get you two some rice. You're in for a treat since these dishes turned out really well!
(Black cut)
