1134_Airi Momoi_R4 Cat Sister Mischief! (event_160)

Gacha phrase: You'll have to catch us first!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Nonogi Park]

Airi: (Hehe. Taking that detour was the right call. I can't believe how much cute stuff they had...!)
Airi: (I've been meaning to check out that general store for a while now. And I got some great shopping done!)
Airi: (There's still a lot I wanna get, so I'll go back again sometime...)
Airi: Wait, that looks like...
Airi: Isn't that Mizuki? Hey, Mizuki!
Mizuki: Hm?
Airi: Over here! Fancy seeing you here. You're in your uniform. Are you just coming back from school?
Mizuki: Airi! Yeah, I decided to go today for a change.
Mizuki: Huh? That bag you're holding... Did you go to that general store by the park?
Airi: Oh, you're as sharp as ever! It was my first time going, and I thought it was really great.
Airi: I didn't realize they carried so much cat merch...!
Airi: The mittens and aprons they had were so cute. Actually, they had so much adorable stuff that I spent like an hour deciding what to buy.
Mizuki: Yeah, that place does have a ton of cat stuff! I also have trouble deciding what to get every time I go.
Mizuki: Anyway, what did you buy today?
Airi: A pair of mittens. I really wanted to get some more things, but I decided to hold off until my next visit.
Mizuki: Hehe. Sounds like they have a new regular now. Oh, speaking of cat merch, have you already checked out the shop that just opened up by the station?
Airi: Of course I've already checked it out. I went right when it first opened, and...
(Black cut)
Airi: Now, I'm thinking about turning a corner of my room into a sort of cat sanctuary! I'm trying to find the cutest position for each piece of merch I have.
Mizuki: Haha. You really do have a passion for cats, don't you, Airi.
Airi: That's because they're so cute! Just the other day, this stray that lives near my house... Wait, huh?
Mizuki: What's up?
Airi: Over there... Are they setting up for an event or something?
Mizuki: Hey, look at that. That looks like a Ferris wheel, and that other thing might be a roller coaster... Oh!
Mizuki: Come to think of it, some people were talking about how a carnival was coming to town!
Airi: Yeah, I also saw some people talking about that on social media!
Airi: It caught my eye since carnivals are a pretty rare sight around here, but I never got around to checking any details.
Mizuki: Me neither! What do you think it's gonna be like? Maybe there's some past info about it online.
Airi: Yeah, let's try taking a look! Let's see... “Shibuya” plus “carnival”...
Airi & Mizuki: What?!
Airi: I-It's a cat-themed carnival...?!
Mizuki: Look at this merry-go-round! They have cats instead of horses! It's way too cute...!
Airi: These teacups are also covered in cats! White ones, black ones and... Oh, they even have a tabby teacup!
Airi: No... Th-This is... A must-visit for a cat lover!
Mizuki: And the merch they have is totally off the hook...!
Airi: Really?! No, I'm too scared to look. I mean, if the pics of the rides packed that much of a punch...
Airi: No, I wanna see...!
Airi: Nooo! L-Look at all the plushies they have...! They even have cat headbands and tote bags. It really is a cat carnival!
Airi: And their mascot, Mikke...! He's so cute...!
Mizuki: Oh, they even have someone dressed as him walking around... And you can take pictures with him!
Airi: What?! Does that mean we can ask him to do different poses...?!
Mizuki: Yeah, probably! Take a look at these pics. He's striking different poses in all of them.
Airi: No way... That's so generous of him!
Airi: And I've never seen a carnival that's all about cats like this...
Airi: The people running it must really love them...!
Mizuki: Yeah. We absolutely gotta go...
Airi: When does it open? Next week...
Airi: Do you happen to be free around then, Mizuki?
Mizuki: I'm usually free, so I should be able to go whenever! How's your schedule looking, Airi?
Airi: Let's see, I... Oh! We don't have any practices or streams scheduled for this weekend.
Mizuki: Okay! Then, I'll leave this day open!
Airi: Thanks! I already can't wait...!
Airi: We get to spend an entire day swimming in cats!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Airi: I got here a bit too early.
Airi: Oh well. The proposals for our stream are all done, so I'll just sit and relax while I wait for the others.
Airi: That reminds me... After the show, everyone sent me those videos of Nyantaro...
Airi: I still haven't had a chance to look at them all yet, so I think I'll watch some now.
Airi: Alright, play...
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <Oh, Nyantaro, how can we help you? Did you come to play with us again?>
Nyantaro's Voice: <Meow.>
Airi: *Sigh* Nyantaro...
Airi: He must really love Tenma. Just look at the way he's brushing up against his legs. I'm so jealous...
Mizuki's Voice (Mizuki): <Hey, Nyantaro! Let's take a picture together! C'mon, join us!>
Minori's Voice (Minori): <Oh, he's coming this way! Alright, let's all make peace signs!>
Nene's Voice (Nene): <Umm... L-Like this?>
Nyantaro's Voice: <Meow.>
Airi: (They've all become friends with Nyantaro.)
Airi: (Let's see... What about this video...?)
Airi: Nyantaro's lying on Minori's lap?! Th-This video was here the entire time...?!
Airi: *Sigh* If only I could've pet him myself...
Nyantaro's Voice: <Meow.>
Mizuki's Voice (Mizuki): <Oh, Airi, Nyantaro's looking your way now.>
Airi's Voice (Airi): <Hehe. What's up? Are you interested in me now?>
Nyantaro's Voice: <Meow.>
Airi: Oh, right... He was staring right at me here.
Airi: What if...? Did he realize that I couldn't go near him...?
Airi: No, that's just wishful thinking.
Airi: Still...
Airi: I'm really glad he didn't forget about me.
Minori: Good morning!
Shizuku: Oh, Airi, you're here very early.
Haruka: You beat us here. We thought we were going to be the first ones to arrive.
Airi: Morning. Did you all come here together today?
Minori: Yeah! We just happened to run into each other...
Minori: Huh? The video you're watching... Is that Nyantaro?
Haruka: Are you talking about the cat you two met at that carnival?
Airi: Yeah, I was watching some videos she and the others took while we were there. Here, check it out.
Haruka: Oh, let me see.
Shizuku: Wow, he's adorable. I can see why you like him so much, Airi.
Airi: Exactly! He's just absolutely precious!
Airi: I mean, just look at the way his eyes twinkle when he looks up at the camera! It's like he's casting a spell on you! I can't look away for even a second!
Haruka: Hehe. He's that mesmerizing, huh?
Shizuku: But I think I know what she means. I'd probably give him everything he wants if he looked at me like this.
Minori: Cats really do the cutest things...!
Minori: Just the other day, I saw this video that's been going viral where a cat paws at its owner's feet!
Airi: I saw that too! The way it was trying to get its owner's attention...!
Airi: Imagine having a cat that loves you that much. The owner must be the happiest person in the world...!
Haruka: Come to think of it, Minori... When we saw that video, you said that Samo does something similar.
Airi: Wait, really?
Minori: Oh, that's right! Whenever he wants to go for a walk, he begs by pawing at my feet!
Minori: He'll even use his puppy dog eyes on me! And it works every single time...!
Minori: No matter how tired I am, I end up wanting to fulfill his wish!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm sure he's very cute when he does that.
Minori: He is! I'll take a video next time and send it to you guys!
Minori: But Samo's also really cute when he takes naps in the sun. Like, he'll roll on his back by the window and...
Airi: Hold on... We might have something here.
Shizuku: What do you mean?
Airi: This feels like a great idea for a stream segment.
Airi: We could have us talk all about the cute things animals do and stuff!
Airi: The look on your face while you talked about Samo just now was perfect, Minori. I bet our fans would love seeing that!
Shizuku: Yes, I agree... You did make a wonderful expression just now, Minori.
Haruka: I'm also for this idea. Segments surrounding animals rank pretty high in popularity, so I'm sure our fans will enjoy this segment.
Minori: Hold on! Does that mean I get to talk about all the cute things Samo does?
Airi: Of course. It's your chance to tell us everything about him.
Airi: Oh, we basically had a meeting before we even started...
Haruka: I see no problem with that. We have a good discussion going, so let's make this the meeting.
Airi: Yeah, good point. In that case, let's start hammering out the details.
(Black cut)
