1138_Airi Momoi_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Gacha phrase: I'm so happy, I might cry.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Airi: Thanks for practicing with us again today, everyone.
Miku (MMJ): Don't mention it. We're glad we get to, since it's great practice for us too.
MEIKO (MMJ): The next time we have joint practice, you'll get to see us at the next level!
Airi: Well, the four of us are gonna polish our singing and dancing even more and really knock your socks off!
Rin (MMJ): Hehe. We'll see who knocks whose socks off!
Rin (MMJ): Oh, but the next time you come see us won't be for joint practice. We'll be celebrating♪
Shizuku: Yes. We'll be back for Airi's birthday.
Luka (MMJ): Are you going to have the usual birthday stream?
Minori: Yup. We've already got everything planned, so now we just need to rehearse and wait for the day!
Haruka: Here's an idea. Why don't we leave a tablet here so you can all watch in real time?
KAITO (MMJ): You don't mind? In that case, we could connect it to one of the stages' screens and have a viewing party.
Len (MMJ): A viewing party sounds great. We'll have to get some snacks and drinks ready too.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, hey Airi. What kinds of segments do you have planned for your stream?
Airi: We'll be looking back at funny or notable moments from our past streams, answering viewer questions live, all kinds of stuff!
Airi: We've planned lots of segments our fans will really love, so expect to be impressed!
Miku (MMJ): It sounds like there'll be even more than I imagined! I'm so excited♪
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, I almost forgot! Other than our viewing party, we also have to start preparing for Airi's birthday party.
Luka (MMJ): True. As far as the timing goes, I suppose after the stream would be best...
Luka (MMJ): Airi, do you have any plans for your birthday besides the stream?
Airi: Hmm, I am supposed to meet some friends. But other than that, I don't—
Airi: Huh? I got a message from Saki...
Saki's Message (Saki): <Hello! I know this is out of the blue, but will you be at school on your birthday?>
Saki's Message (Saki): <If it's alright with you, me and Emu were really hoping for some of your time during lunch break! What do you think?!>
Airi: Looks like one more thing came up.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Airi's birthday]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Lunch break]

Airi: We're supposed to meet on the roof...
Airi: (Now that I think about it, Shizuku disappeared the moment our lunch break started. Was there something she—)
Juniors: Um, hello, Momoi! Happy birthday!
Juniors: We got you this birthday present! We absolutely positively aren't going to miss your stream today!
Airi: You even got me a present...! Thank you!
Airi: I haven't been able to wait for today's stream either. Let's have a great time, okay?
Juniors: Yeah!
Airi: Oh, Asahina. What brings you to Class E?
Mafuyu: I was hoping for a chance to speak with you as well, Momoi.
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Momoi. I don't have a gift like those girls did, though...
Airi: No, just the thought is very touching! Thank you, Asahina.
Mafuyu: By the way, I saw Tenma and Otori dashing up the stairs and saying they needed to get someplace before you arrived.
Airi: Ah, yeah! We have plans to meet on the rooftop.
Mafuyu: Then, I shouldn't keep you. Have lots of fun today, Momoi!
Airi: Thanks, Asahina! It's my only birthday of the year, after all. I'll really savor it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rooftop]

Airi: Sorry I'm late, you two! Wait, huh...?
Emu: Airi!
Saki: Happy birthday♪
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Happy birthday!
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Airi: Whoa...!
Shizuku: Hehe. Are you surprised, Airi?
Airi: How could I not be? I knew Saki and Emu would be here, but not all the rest of you...
Ichika: Saki told us she'd be celebrating with you, so we decided to tag along.
Honami: We put some dishes together for lunch, so please have as much as you like.
Airi: Wow...! Look at all this food! Okay, as the star of the day, I'll eat my fill!
(Black cut)
Shiho: This fried chicken is really good, Momoi. Here, have some.
Ichika: Oh, I recommend the meatballs too!
Airi: Thanks. I'll have some of both.
Saki: No fair, you guys! Airi, I recommend the potato salad!
Emu: This cheese wrapped in bacon is super duper delicious too, Airi!
Airi: Hehe. I'll have some of those next, then. And if anyone has other recommendations, I wanna hear those too!
Minori: She really is today's star. Everybody's trying to talk to her!
(Black cut)
Saki: Ta-daa♪ One special chocolate cake, made by Emu and me!
Emu: We used the recipe you showed us before, Airi☆
Airi: Thanks, you two! I can tell just by looking that you made it with a lot of care!
Airi: I'm gonna have to put all my heart into eating it.
Airi: So... It's time for the technique!
Haruka: What technique?
Minori: *Gasp* Is she gonna...?!
Airi: Time for a bite♪
Airi: Mmmmm! My mouth is sooo happy right now♪
Emu: Oh wow oh wow oh wooow! It's Happy Everyday's Happy Snacker!
Saki: Aaaaah! I can't believe I got to see it in person again! I'm so happy right now too...!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Oh yeah. Apparently Kohane and An are preparing to celebrate too.
Airi: Kohane and An? But they're on their trip to the US now, aren't they?
Haruka: Right. That's why they'll be sending you a birthday message. They told me to make sure you look forward to it.
Airi: I see! Well, I'll do just that!
(Black cut)
Airi: Thanks for all this, everyone. The lunch and the cake were both so delicious!
Shiho: Don't mention it. We're glad you liked it.
Saki: I'm absolutely, 100% gonna be there for your stream today, Airi!
Emu: I'm gonna watch it with Nene and everyone too!
Airi: Great, thank you! I'll go all out and make it a fun time!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[After school]

[Cafe]

Ena: Thanks for making time to meet, Airi. I know you have your stream tonight.
Airi: I should be thanking you. I'm glad I get to see my friends on my birthday!
Mizuki: Alrighty, everybody pick up a glass!
Mizuki: To Airi, the birthday girl!
Airi, Shizuku, Ena & Mizuki: Cheers!
Ena: Okay, Airi, here! Your present from me and Mizuki!
Airi: Thanks!
Airi: A gift from the two of you... I wonder what it is. Can I open this bag?
Mizuki: Yup! We wanna hear what you think!
Airi: Alright...
Airi: It's...! It's so cute...!
Airi: What is this pouch?! It's got a cat embroidered onto it! And exactly the kind I like!
Ena: Right? I came up with the cat's design.
Mizuki: Then, I did my very best embroidering it, with some guidance from Shizuku♪
Mizuki: Thanks so much, Shizuku! You helped me make the cat just like Ena's design.
Shizuku: Hehe. You're very welcome.
Airi: Ena, Mizuki... Shizuku, too. Thank you all.
Airi: This must have taken a while, right?
Mizuki: You could say that.
Ena: But that's how much we wanted to celebrate.
Airi: Thank you so much. I'll treasure this pouch.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Airi: Okay, I'm done looking over the script. To finish off, I think I'll do one last check of the equipment.
Shizuku: Airi is very focused.
Haruka: She has been excited for her stream all this time...
Haruka: But I think now is the time for what we have to show her.
Minori: Airi! Come over here a minute!
Haruka: How about a little break? There's something we want you to see.
Airi: Something you want me to see?
Shizuku: Yes. Could you take a look at our office space?
Airi: Huh...? That's a pretty big cardboard box. What's inside?
Shizuku: It's full of birthday presents addressed to you, Airi.
Airi: What...?! Everything in here?!
Haruka: Yeah. Remember how Saito got a PO box set up for us so we can receive mail? Apparently some fans sent gifts to it.
Minori: By the way, this is just the first box. Saito went to get the rest!
Airi: All this, for me...
Shizuku: Hehe. I think everyone wants to celebrate the Airi they love so much.
Airi: ...
Airi: The stream's about to start... But I'm so happy, I might cry.
Airi: I've received all these birthday blessings, so I've gotta thank everyone in the best way possible!
Airi: I'm gonna rock this stream! Help me out, girls!
Minori, Shizuku & Haruka: Okay!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000421/bg_s000421.png)
An: Happy birthday, Airi!
Kohane, Akito & Toya: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Akito: We're in the US right now, so we recorded a birthday song for you with some people we met at the Academy of Music here.
Toya: It came out to be quite an energetic performance, so I believe you'll enjoy it.
Kohane: We stuffed in enough birthday well-wishes to match everyone there in Japan, so we really want you to see it!
Nene: Happy birthday, Momoi. Thanks for everything at the Shibu Schools Fest. Um... It'd be nice to work with you again.
Tsukasa: Doesn't that sound a tad stiff, Nene? It's a friend's birthday, you could stand to show more energy and—
Emu: Dun da-da-DUN-DUN-DUN♪ Happy birthday, Airi☆
Rui: Here goes the celebratory cannon! Three, two, one...!
Tsukasa: Gwaaah! You two have far too much energy! Balance! Can there be no balance?!
Nene: A-Anyway...! We hope you have a great birthday!
Kanade: Happy birthday, Momoi. It'd be great to have another tea party when we get the chance.
Mafuyu: I think Momoi likes Japanese sweets, so it could be good to serve some green tea like you would for tea ceremony.
Kanade: Huh? W-Would I manage...?
Ena: I think you'd be fine if you asked Airi to teach you.
Mizuki: A tea party between us and Airi... I like it! Let's find a time and give it a shot!
Ena: We'll be counting on you when that happens, Airi! I really hope you're having the best birthday!
Ichika: Happy birthday, Momoi.
Saki, Honami & Shiho: Happy birthday♪ Happy birthday.
Saki: I had so much fun celebrating with everyone! I mean, you were super happy about it, Airi!
Honami: Hehe. It was worth discussing how we should celebrate.
Shiho: Still, it's funny how all that thinking just brought us to eating lunch together.
Saki: Well, that seemed like the best idea to let us talk a bunch and tell Airi happy birthday!
Saki: Airi, I know work is gonna keep you busy, but I hope you'll make this a great year♪
Minori: One more time, Airi, happy birthday!
Shizuku: I got to see you beaming every time someone wished you a happy birthday, and that made it a happy day for me too.
Haruka: I felt the same when we saw all the comments from everyone who came to see your stream. They weren't for me, but they still made me feel so warm inside.
Minori: Just look at me, I got moved to tears there at the end of the stream!
Haruka: Hehe. It was a surprise to see Airi start crying too.
Shizuku: I'm sure when she saw Minori's tears, she just couldn't hold back any longer.
Shizuku: I love that side of you, Airi.
Haruka: Hehe, me too. Airi, we're all wishing you a very happy birthday!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Airi: Thank you for celebrating with me so much today.
Airi: The way I see it, having people outside your family celebrate your birthday is a very fortunate thing.
Airi: I mean, birthdays are all about saying, “Thanks for coming into this world” or “Thanks for being here”, right?
Airi: People who aren't even family feel that way about you, and show it in all kinds of different ways.
Airi: That's why it made me so happy every time someone wished me a happy birthday.
Airi: I'll use this year to return the favor for all your well-wishes!
Airi: As Airi Momoi the idol, of course!
Airi: Lovely! Fairy! Airi... Momoi!!!
Airi: I'll see you later!
(Black cut)
