1174_Airi Momoi_R4 It Wasn't Enough (event_168)

Gacha phrase: I didn't know it would hurt this much.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi)

[Park]

Airi: Phew... I made it to the turnaround point.
Airi: I was pretty exhausted last time, but I feel good today. I guess that means my stamina's improved...
Neighborhood Girl: Mom, this way! Hurry!
Girl's Mother: Yes, I'm coming. Where would you like to take a picture next?
Neighborhood Girl: The flower beds! I'll look cuter if I'm surrounded by flowers, right?
Airi: (Hehe. She's so full of energy. She must be having a little photo shoot with her mom.)
Neighborhood Girl: I wanna look just like my favorite model, Na, okay?!
Airi: (That reminds me of all those times I had Mom take pictures of me. I remember having so much fun...)
Airi: (Actually, I think we took some at this park...)
Airi: (Oh, now I remember. When I was preparing for my very first audition...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Elementary School Airi (Airi): Do you have the camera, Mom?!
Airi's Mother: I have it right here. Oh, Airi, wait. Your bangs are a bit of a mess.
Elementary School Airi (Airi): What?! Really?!
Airi's Mother: Didn't I warn you not to run? Here, I'll fix them now.
Elementary School Airi (Airi): No, I'll fix them myself! Look, I even made sure to bring a mirror!
Airi's Mother: Oh, you're so prepared.
Elementary School Airi (Airi): That's because we're taking my application picture! I also brought my makeup kit just in case I need to do some touch-ups.
Elementary School Airi (Airi): (Let's see... Brush this tuft to the right, and... Oh, this bit's sticking up again.)
Elementary School Airi (Airi): Alright, that should do it...!
Elementary School Airi (Airi): My bangs are all set, and my makeup's on just like I practiced! So, uhh... I should be in my “best condition”!
Elementary School Airi (Airi): I'm gonna pass my audition and become a dazzling idol...!
Elementary School Airi (Airi): And that means we've gotta get amazingly cute pictures of me!
Airi's Mother: Hehe. Let's both do our best. So, where would you like to take them?
Elementary School Airi (Airi): About that...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Elementary School Airi (Airi): Here we are! The Scramble Crossing! I want to look like a fashionable “city girl”, so...
Elementary School Airi (Airi): Mom, let's take one in front of this big poster!
Airi's Mother: Okay. Try posing for me now.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Airi's Mother: This seems like a nice spot. It gives us a wonderful view of the sea.
Elementary School Airi (Airi): Yeah! For this one, I wanna change things up by trying to look more grown-up.
Elementary School Airi (Airi): Just like the girl on this magazine. Take a picture when my hair's all fluffed out!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Park)
Airi's Mother: Look a little more to your right for me... Perfect! Hold still...
Airi's Mother: Yes, you look very cute... You're so good at making these adorable expressions, Airi.
Elementary School Airi (Airi): Really? Lemme see!
Elementary School Airi (Airi): (I tried going for a “natural” look since I play at this park all the time.)
Elementary School Airi (Airi): (And Mom just said she really liked my expression, so I bet it turned out...)
Elementary School Airi (Airi): (Huh...?)
Airi's Mother: What's wrong, Airi?
Elementary School Airi (Airi): This isn't the smile I imagined...
Elementary School Airi (Airi): But why? Was I acting too meek...?
Airi's Mother: Yes, you do seem more well-behaved than normal.
Elementary School Airi (Airi): But I'm always well-behaved!
Elementary School Airi (Airi): I might've been feeling a little anxious. Can we try retaking that, Mom?
Airi's Mother: Of course. We can keep trying until we get the picture you want.
Elementary School Airi (Airi): Thanks!!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Airi: (We ended up shooting for like three days.)
Airi: (Mom made room in her busy schedule to spend all that time with me...)
Airi: (Still...)
Airi: (Ever since then, I've kept doing what I can to make my dream a reality. I'm standing here right now because I worked so hard.)
Girl's Mother: Oh, I think this one turned out really nicely. Take a look.
Neighborhood Girl: Yeah, it did! But I still feel like I can make a more natural expression...!
Neighborhood Girl: Because I'm definitely gonna be a dazzling model just like Na someday!
Airi: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: I still need to keep trying harder and harder.
Airi: So I can tell little me that...
Airi: I became a dazzling idol, just like she wanted.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Outside the MORE MORE HOUSE]

Minori: *Sigh* I'm totally out of gas...
Airi: Haruka's dance practice was as hard as ever.
Minori: Yeah, I'm super hungry now...
Minori: Oh, I know! Why don't we all go somewhere to eat?
Haruka: That sounds good. We've been practicing pretty hard for the grand prix, so it might be nice to relax for a change.
Shizuku: Yes, I agree. What do you think, Airi?
Airi: Oh, sorry... I need to go shop for some stuff today, so you three have fun without me.
Minori: Okay. Then, let's go out to eat another time.
Haruka: Yeah, I'm sure we'll get a chance to soon.
Shizuku: What are you shopping for, Airi?
Airi: A present for my mom.
Minori: For your mom? Oh, is her birthday coming up or something?
Airi: Nothing like that, but... Remember the story I told you all the other day about my first audition? She's been supporting me so much ever since then...
Airi: I was reminded how she's the reason I was able to become an idol at all. And I'm able to keep working as one because of her.
Airi: So, I want to show just how much I appreciate her by buying her a little gift.
Shizuku: Oh, that's so wonderful. I'm sure your mother's going to love your gift.
Haruka: Have you already decided what you're going to get her?
Airi: Not fully. I'm getting her a bouquet and something else. I still haven't decided what that's gonna be yet.
Airi: My plan for today is to browse around a few shops.
Shizuku: In that case, can I go with you?
Airi: Huh?
Shizuku: Your mother helped you become an idol, which means I also owe her quite a lot.
Haruka: That also goes for me. I'd like to help out as well.
Airi: You guys...
Airi: Thanks. Then, I think I'll take you up on that.
Minori: You can count on us! Let's go find a gift that really encapsulates your feelings, Airi!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Several dozen minutes later]

[General Store]

Haruka: Here we are. Let's start looking, shall we?
Minori: Yeah! We're looking for relaxation products, right?!
Airi: That's right. My mom leads a busy life, so I want to give her something that washes away fatigue.
Shizuku: Something that washes away fatigue... Oh, they have some aroma diffusers over here.
Shizuku: They even have a wide variety of essential oils available. If you buy several different kinds, she could change them out as she pleases.
Airi: “A quiet model that produces only fifteen decibels of noise”...? Not bad. She could put this in her bedroom.
Haruka: If we're going with something fragrant, then the bath salts over there could also work. I'm sure she enjoys having nice, relaxing baths.
Minori: Yeah! Let's go check them out!
(Black cut)
Airi: Thanks for waiting while I paid for it, you guys!
Minori: You went with that aroma diffuser, right?!
Airi: The sample fragrances they had were amazing, so I have a feeling this will help her sleep really well.
Airi: Now we just need to head over to the flower shop for that bouquet...
Haruka: Oh, before we do... We found something nice while you were at the register.
Airi: Is this a message card...? Oh, it's covered in hearts! That's so cute!
Shizuku: Isn't it adorable? This would make your bouquet for her feel even more special.
Shizuku: And make it all the more clear just how much you appreciate her.
Airi: Oh...
Airi: Yeah, I'll include this... Thanks for the help, you guys!
Airi: (These three have helped turn my gift into something really lovely.)
Airi: (I hope Mom likes it...)
(Black cut)
