1210_Airi Momoi_R3 Airi's Beauty Salon (event_174)

Skill name: MORE MORE TOUR!
Gacha phrase: It's time for some Happy Brushing!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[The Lumina Forum - Bedroom]

Airi: Minori! Shizuku! It's morning! Wake up!
Minori: Mhm...
Shizuku: *Yawn* Is something wrong, Airi?
Airi: “Is something wrong”? Don't give me that! We're going to school this morning!
Airi: Remember how we talked about leaving here a bit early because it's kinda far?
Shizuku: Oh, that's right... Thank you for waking me, Airi...
Airi: You too, Minori! You won't have time to eat breakfast if you don't get up soon.
Minori: Mhm... Okay, Mom...
Airi: I am not your mother!
Haruka: Hehe. It sounds like she's still half asleep.
Airi: Honestly... Wait, Minori, your hair's a total mess!
Minori: Huh?
Shizuku: Oh my... You look like a hedgehog.
Airi: Lemme guess. You fell asleep without drying your hair properly, didn't you?
Haruka: Now that you mention it, I saw her looking at her phone pretty late last night...
Minori: But... I wanted to know what everyone was saying about the grand prix...
Airi: Knowing what people are saying is important, but that all goes to waste if you catch a cold or something. So, you gotta be more careful.
Minori: Okay...
Minori: Anyway, where's my hairbrush...? Oh, here it is...
Minori: Huh? No, this is my toothbrush...
Airi: *Sigh* You leave me no choice...
Airi: Come over here. I'll fix your hair for you.
Minori: Wait, are you sure?
Airi: Today's a special exception. We're all gonna be late if we don't do something about this right now.
Airi: Alright, here we go! It's time for some Happy Brushing!
Minori: Hehe. I feel like I'm Samo...
Shizuku: Hehe. You look so comfortable, Minori.
Airi: Alright, your hair's starting to look much better...
Airi: But I'm gonna need a dryer to fully fix this. Lemme spritz your hair with this primer, and...
Haruka: You're pretty good at this, Airi.
Airi: That's because I do this all the time for my little sister.
Minori: Really? You always do her hair? She's so lucky.
Airi: Enough of that. Close your eyes for me while I dry your hair.
(Black cut)
Airi: Okay, I'm finished! What do you think?
Minori: Wow...! I don't believe it!
Minori: This is amazing, Airi! You did a way better job than I've ever done!
Airi: Heehee. It was a piece of cake.
Minori: Hehe. I know I'm gonna have a really happy day now because you did my hair!
Shizuku: I'm so glad for you, Minori.
Shizuku: But I'm also a little jealous. Would you mind doing my hair as well, Airi?
Airi: Huh?
Haruka: Then, I'd like to ask the same.
Airi: Wait, you already did your hair.
Haruka: Yeah... But opportunities like this hardly ever come up.
Shizuku: Please, Airi?
Airi: Alright, fine.
Airi: Come over here! I'll work on both of you at the same time!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[The Lumina Forum - Ballroom]

Airi: Hello! Today's stream is being brought to you from the Lumina Forum!
Haruka: Have you all been watching the grand prix stream?
Comments: <Yes!> <Of course I've been watching!> <I've got both streams open in different windows!>
Shizuku: Hehe. It looks like many of you have been watching.
Minori: Alright, that probably means you guys already know all about the training camp. But since we're here, right...?!
Airi: Yeah, we want to show you guys all the great things this place has to offer.
Airi: We're calling this...
Airi: The Special Lumina Grand Prix Stream! Explore! Discover! MORE MORE TOUR - Training Camp Edition!
Haruka, Shizuku & Minori: Yay!!
Comments: <You're gonna show us around?> <I wanna see what kinds of cool stuff this place has!>
Airi: But... A plain old tour would be boring, right?
Airi: So! We're gonna have a competition to see who gives the best presentation about the training camp!
Airi: I'll be your MC! And these three will be our competitors!
Minori: We promise to give the best presentations we can!
Haruka: The same place can give off different impressions depending on who presents it and in what way.
Shizuku: After the tour, please let us know in the comments who you thought did the best.
Comments: <Roger!> <I'm expecting to be blown away!> <Good luck, everyone!>
Airi: Alright, it's time for the MORE MORE TOUR to get started! Let's~
Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: We'll start by showing you all one of the meeting rooms.
Haruka: The best part has to be how expansive this space is. The four of us might have a hard time making use of all of it.
Haruka: It even has this big monitor, so we might be able to stream one of our brainstorming sessions here for everyone.
Airi: Oh, not only are you giving us a solid presentation, but you're also giving us a good idea.
Airi: We could show documents and stuff on this monitor while asking our fans what they think about our ideas.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: Next, we'd like to show you all the cafeteria. They serve us such delicious food every day here.
Shizuku: I recommend the meat and potato stew... Not only is it incredibly flavorful, the potatoes just fall apart in your mouth.
Shizuku: Oh, but the Japanese mixed rice was also very good... It looked so appetizing because of all the different ingredients in it.
Airi: Yeah, all of their dishes have been good. But the flavor isn't the only reason why this cafeteria's so great, remember?
Airi: They've hired a certified nutritionist to make sure every dish is healthy and will help us stay fit.
Airi: We can even ask to have custom dishes made for us.
Comments: <Wow, that's pretty cool!> <Nice report, Airi. You really are a seasoned veteran.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Ta-daa! Welcome, everyone, to MORE MORE JUMP!'s room!
Minori: We decided to get it really organized to make sure we can use it as our second base of operations!
Minori: My favorite thing is... Ta-da! The picture I've placed here!
Minori: I know I'll miss him while I'm here, so I decided to frame my favorite photo of Samo!
Comments: <Samo's so cute!> <Too close! Too close lol.> <What's the rest of the room like?>
Airi: Alright, I know Samo means a lot, but isn't there something else you should be showing them?
Minori: Oh, right! The penguin plushie over here is—
Airi: No, that's not what I meant!
Minori: But!
Airi: You said that we worked hard to organize this room, so why aren't you talking more about that?!
Airi: You were supposed to say how our workspace is over here and the relaxation area is set up over there, see how everyone responds and answer questions as you go along.
Airi: You gotta get them interested and excited about what this place is like.
Minori: Oh, right...!
Comments: <Minori...> <Airi's tough tutelage lol.> <Even during this training camp, she can come up with good quips on the spot lol.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Airi: Alright, that concludes our report.
Airi: What did you guys think? We got around to basically everything.
Comments: <It was great to get to see so much!> <Good reporting!> <I didn't think we'd get to see your room!>
Airi: Thanks! That means our MORE MORE TOUR was a big success.
Airi: Anyway, let's start polling. Write in the comments who you thought did the best.
Minori: Oh, they're coming in already...!
Haruka: Thank you for responding so quickly.
Airi: Let's see... Just at a glance, I'm seeing Haruka's name the most.
Comments: <Wait, Airi totally did the best.> <Yeah! Everyone's writing your name, Airi, lol!>
Airi: Huh...?
Comments: <You ended up giving the best explanations lol.> <Your little skit with Minori was so funny.>
Shizuku: Oh, Airi, I think you received the most votes.
Haruka: To be fair, you did a good job of filling in all the gaps in our reports.
Airi: U-Uhh... Then, the winner is...
Airi: Airi Momoi! Wait, why's the MC the winner?!
Minori, Shizuku & Haruka: Haha! Hehe.
Airi: Honestly, I'm not sure how to feel about this... But I guess it's all good since you guys ended up enjoying everything.
Airi: Anyway, that's all for today! We've come up with a lot of other ideas, so stay tuned!
Comments: <Looking forward to seeing more training camp streams!> <You're gonna win the grand prix! I'm rooting for you girls!> <Go MMJ!>
Airi: Thanks! And we promise to do our best to keep you guys entertained!
(Black cut)
