1220_Airi Momoi_R4 Special Collab Stream! (event_176)

Skill name: Because You Told Me
Gacha phrase: While I'm at it, I'll do that thing.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Before the show stream]

[The Lumina Forum - Rehearsal Room]

Airi: Okay, that looked good. I thought we were pretty in sync there.
Haruka: I agree since we also projected our voices very well.
Haruka: That's basically it for this dress rehearsal... Is there anything that you'd like to go over again?
Shizuku: I don't think so.
Airi: Then, all that's left is the actual show. Let's do our best to make sure everybody has fun!
Haruka, Shizuku & Minori: Yeah!
Comments: <Hey, it's MMJ.> <You're in your stage outfits today.>
Minori: Oh, you guys, look at the monitor! We're on right now!
Airi: Perfect timing. That means we can do some advertising.
Airi: Hey, everyone! We're gonna put on a mini-concert in a moment.
Airi: You can see it on the official MORE MORE JUMP! channel, so come tune in if you're free!
Comments: <A mini-concert?! I'm so watching!> <I can't believe I get to see an MMJ show.>
Shizuku: Thank you all very much. Let's have a wonderfully fun time together.
Haruka: We'll be doing a solo medley for this one, so we hope you'll look forward to that.
Comments: <Oh, a solo medley!> <I have some time, so I might watch.> <I've been looking forward to this for so long!>
Airi: (Getting to promote it on this stream is huge. I hope we can get a bunch more viewers to tune in...)
Airi: (Hm...?)
Comments: <I've never seen Momoi do a show before.> <She is known for being on variety shows.>
Airi: (Yeah, a lot of people still seem to feel that way.)
Airi: (However...)
Airi: Hehe. I'll have you guys eating out of my hand after you see me sing and dance! I'm gonna show you all that Airi Momoi is about more than just variety shows♪
Airi: Anyway, see you guys in a bit!
(Black cut)

[One hour later]

Minori: Alright, it's finally begun! The MORE MORE JUMP! mini-concert!
Shizuku: Are you all ready to have lots of fun?
Comments: <Yeeeaahh!!> <I've got my glow sticks ready!> <I'm so excited!!!>
Airi: Hehe. You guys sound ready. Then, let's jump right in with our solo medley.
Airi: Leading off for us is Haruka! You ready?
Haruka: I'm ready! I promise to sing with everything I have and reach you all through your screens.
Haruka: ♪————!
Comments: <Haruka's so cool!> <She's soloing this song?> <Raise the roof, you guys!>
(Black cut)
Minori: ♪————!
Airi: (Minori's doing even better than she did during our rehearsal. And everyone's posting a ton of comments... Way to go!)
Airi: (Haruka and Shizuku are also doing a good job of putting their own strengths on display, and they're really captivating everyone...)
Airi: (That means I also gotta give them a huge burst of energy!)
Minori: Thanks for listening, you guys! Last but not least in our solo medley is...Airi!
Airi: Let's keep turning the heat up! I'm gonna give it everything I've got, so you guys gotta shout for me at the top of your lungs!
Comments: <It's finally Airi's turn!!!> <Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!>
Airi: ♪————!
Haruka: Airi seems so motivated.
Shizuku: Yes. Not only does her performance feel powerful, she's dancing with so much precision. You can tell that she really wants everybody to have fun.
Airi: (I was right to come up with a solo version of this dance. Because I'm by myself, I can make use of the whole stage...)
Comments: <You're amazing, Airi!> <She's gotten even better?!> <Way to go, Airi!>
Airi: (Looks like they're all having fun.)
Airi: (But I'm just getting started!)
Airi: (I need to reach them through their screens. I need to move the hearts of everyone watching, more and more!)
Minori: Wow, Airi, this is awesome...!
Haruka: My heart's really racing.
(Black cut)
Airi: Huff... Huff... Thanks for enjoying our solo medley, you guys!
Comments: <That was so awesome!!> <You were all really cute!> <That was the best medley ever!!>
Shizuku: Thank you all very much! We're glad that all our practicing paid off.
Comments: <That Airi girl at the end was great!> <I didn't know Momoi could do that.> <This really changes my perceptions about her.>
Airi: (I was able to get through to them.)
Airi: (Moving forward, I'm gonna do everything I can to show them all the different aspects of me...)
Airi: (And get more and more people to learn about Airi Momoi from MORE MORE JUMP!)
Airi: Anyway, this show's just getting started! Next, the four of us are gonna take the stage together!
Airi: Let's keep this energy up until the very end!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Stage SEKAI]

Airi: (Alright, that should be enough ideas. Now I need to turn what I have into a whole segment...)
Rin (MMJ): Hi, Airi!
Len (MMJ): Good evening. Can we ask what you're doing here so late?
Airi: I was working on the segment for our next stream.
Airi: I was in my room just now, but I decided to come here after Shizuku and the others fell asleep.
Rin (MMJ): Oh, okay! Then, can we see what you have?
Airi: Sure. But it's just a list of ideas at this point.
Len (MMJ): Let's see... An advice corner, a “MMJ Relatable Moments Championship”, wake-up pranks and close-up coverage streams of each member.
Rin (MMJ): Wow, all of these sound like so much fun!
Rin (MMJ): Huh...? Hey, are you not gonna sing or dance during your next stream?
Airi: We did do a show stream just the other day. I'm thinking about having us do something with more of a variety feel for our next one.
Airi: That's my wheelhouse, so I'm in charge of coming up with the ideas for it.
Rin (MMJ): Now I see! You are amazing at coming up with those sorts of ideas, Airi!
Len (MMJ): Yeah. Hm...?
Len (MMJ): Airi, what's this “hundred-question box challenge” about?
Airi: Oh, that involves taking questions from our fans and answering a hundred of them in a row.
Airi: After I wrote it down, I began to vaguely remember doing the same segment during that dream. I might've written that idea subconsciously.
Rin (MMJ): You're talking about the dream you had after you touched those black fragments?
Len (MMJ): You did say how you'd become a streamer.
Airi: Yeah, I was apparently pretty popular. And I got to do a joint stream with Nanamin.
Rin (MMJ): Even in that dream, you were making lots and lots of people smile, Airi.
Airi: Hehe. Yeah.
Airi: But...I also wasn't sure how to feel.
Airi: Because the me in that dream didn't believe the person who appeared on all those variety shows was a real idol.
Airi: Which is why she decided to spread hope to everyone by singing and dancing. In order to become a “real” idol.
Airi: But...the real me knows the truth...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Len: You did everything you could “for your fans”, right? I'm sure you were able to touch the hearts of so many people because of that.
Len: They had to believe that tomorrow would be amazing because of you, Airi.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Shy Girl: But whenever I see you on TV, Happy Everyday, I forget all about feeling lonely.
Shy Girl: Even when I do feel that way, I can cheer myself up just by thinking about you!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: The person who appeared on those variety shows was still able to spread hope to others as an idol.
Len (MMJ): Airi...
Airi: Moving forward, regardless of if I'm on a variety show or a stage, I plan on making everybody smile.
Airi: In order to do that, I'm gonna come up with fun stream ideas, practice singing and dancing a lot... And do everything else that I possibly can.
Airi: Then, someday...
Airi: I'll become the idol that I always wanted to be!
Len (MMJ): You really are such a cool idol, Airi...
Rin (MMJ): Yeah! I promise to give you all the support I can so that you can make your dream come true! Don't hesitate to ask for anything, okay♪
Airi: Thanks, Rin, Len.
Airi: Oh, we got pretty sidetracked there. I need to wrap up this segment before it gets too late.
Airi: I know. Would you two like to help me out with this?
Rin (MMJ): Yeah, I wanna help!
Len (MMJ): Let's do our best to make it a really good one!
Airi: I really appreciate it. Then, let's start with my current list of candidates.
(Black cut)
