17_Minori Hanasato_R1 Aiming To Be An Idol!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Minori: Uh...
Kohane: Why are you closing your eyes? You didn't sleep well last night?
Minori: No, that's not it. I'm trying to do a menial rehearsal.
Kohane: M-menial rehearsal...?
Kohane: (What's a menial rehearsal?)
Kohane: (Minori is aspiring to become an idol and often practices on the rooftop after school. I'm sure she does so at home too, so maybe that's what she meant by menial?)
Minori: Kohane?
Kohane: Ah, sorry. Don't mind me. I was just wondering, what exactly do you do for a menial rehearsal?
Minori: Well... I've been watching a DVD of this particular idol recently. The singing and dancing is so cute!
Minori: So a menial rehearsal is where I think about what it would look like if I'm the one singing and dancing instead.
Kohane: Oh... So you don't actually sing and dance while you're doing that?
Minori: No. I would be annoying the neighbors if I did that, so I just try to imagine it in my head!
Kohane: Imagine? Are you referring to mental rehearsal, actually? Instead of menial...
Minori: Eep! You're right! That's it! Mental rehearsal!
Minori: Hehehe... I mixed those words up.
Kohane: Hehe, it happens.
Kohane: That's amazing, though, doing mental rehearsals even at school. You're really hard-working.
Minori: Not true! For anyone aspiring to be an idol, this is the very least we can do to get better!
Kohane: Being able to do it like it's just an ordinary thing is what makes you so amazing to me, Minori.
Minori: Don't say that! It's not that big of a deal at all, really!
Minori: In terms of commitment, I'd say...
Shiho: ...
Minori: Look! Shiho's hands are moving while she's listening to music, right? She must be tapping out the bass notes.
Kohane: Ahh, I see!
Minori: And that's amazing, right?
Shiho: What do you want?
Minori: Hehe, sorry for interrupting. I was just wondering if you're also doing some form of mental rehearsal right now.
Shiho: Hm... Well, I guess you could say that. When listening to band songs, I try to think about how I would play it.
Shiho: Or how the bassist I respect would play it. I try to picture a few things in my mind.
Minori: Ah, I knew it! I do that too!
Minori: You can learn so much from those who are good at singing and dancing. I tend to watch their videos again and again!
Minori: Then I try to imagine what I would look like dancing the same moves.
Minori: When I'm actually dancing, I also think about what the expert dancers would do at this or that part!
Shiho: I understand. This is something everyone aiming to get better has to go through.
Kohane: Hehe.
Shiho: Hm? What is it?
Kohane: Ah... Well, you're always so cool and composed. I was just surprised to hear you to talk to us so cheerfully.
Minori: Yes, I was surprised too! That was probably the first time I've seen you smile!
Shiho: Hey... I do smile.
Minori: Right! Of course you do!
Kohane: Oh, lunch break is over.
Minori: Aww, that's a shame. I was hoping we could chat a little longer.
Minori: Kohane, Shiho, let's have another chat again soon!
Kohane: Yes, please.
Shiho: Once in a while's fine, I guess.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Pet House]

Minori: Hi, bun-buns!
Kohane: This is our first time on duty. I hope I can do this...
Minori: We'll be fine! Let's give them the best care we can!
Minori: First of all, we should gather the bunnies into one corner so that we can clean the hutch without interference!
Kohane: Okay. Let's see... Quietly from behind...
Kohane: Wah! P-Please stop wriggling!
Kohane: Oh no... It ran away.
Minori: Most bunnies don't like to be held. But don't worry! Look at this!
Minori: Hey, bunnies! Come over here!
Minori: By getting the bunnies to climb onto your lap like this...
Minori: And up! Okay, wait in this room for a little while, okay?
Kohane: Huh? You picked it up so easily!
Minori: The main thing is to make them to feel comfortable around us, so that they're not afraid of us.
Minori: Wait for them to approach you instead, and then lift them up and support the butt like this.
Kohane: That's amazing! Okay, I can do this too...
Minori: The bunnies in the hutch should be very used to being handled. You'll be fine.
Minori: Just wait patiently, and they'll come. Then lift them up gently by tucking your hand underneath, and...
Kohane: I-I did it! I picked one up!
Minori: Well done, Kohane! Okay, that was the last bunny.
Kohane: Really?!
Kohane: (Sh-She already transferred most of the bunnies into the room while I was struggling with just one?)
Minori: Now we have to sweep the hutch.
Kohane: O-Okay. You're so good with this, Minori. Were you also in the caretaker committee during middle school?
Minori: I was! I've been in the caretaker committee since elementary school because I love caring for animals!
Kohane: (She's cleaning up the area so quickly as we're talking!)
Minori: I have a dog at home too.
Kohane: Huh? What kind of dog?
Minori: A large breed of dog called a Samoyed. The name is Samo!
Kohane: Samo's such a cute name. Here, the dustpan.
Minori: Thanks! What about you, Kohane? Do you keep any pets at home?
Kohane: My father keeps a snake at home. She's all white, so we call her Count Pearl.
Minori: You have a snake?! Wait, wait, what does it feel like to pet a snake?
(Black cut)
Minori: And we're done with the cleanup!
Kohane: That was fast...
Kohane: It's like... When you're doing this, you seem a lot more... Well...
Minori: Haha, I'm a lot faster and more efficient than usual?
Kohane: Huh? No, I...
Minori: Don't worry about it! Lots of people said the same thing about me in middle school, too.
Minori: Hehe. I'm super confident in animal caretaking!
Minori: Also, the sooner we finish cleaning the hutch...
Kohane: Finish cleaning the hutch...and? Ahh!
Bunny: ―――♪
Minori: Hehe, it's nuzzling you, Kohane!
Kohane: Th-That tickles...
Minori: The others are coming closer too. Let's feed them now!
Kohane: Okay!
Kohane: Here... Wow, they're eating the food so quickly!
Minori: It's so cute when they're munching away like that... My soul has been healed.
Minori: Aww, you're so fluffy...and so cute... This is my favorite part. Feeding them while petting them like this.
Kohane: Oh... Just now, when you spoke about finishing the clean up sooner, you meant...
Minori: Yup! Finishing sooner gives us more time to pet them!
Kohane: Hehe, I thought so.
Minori: Oh, you're so fluffy... I can't wait for my turn to care for you again!
(Black cut)
