18_Minori Hanasato_R2 MORE MORE JUMP!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: Airi and Shizuku are late.
Haruka: Maybe their lesson ran over time.
Minori: I was going to wait until everyone was here, but I guess I can show you first.
Minori: I've been thinking about what we'll need for our debut! Do you mind taking a look at the list I wrote?
Haruka: Not at all, show me!
Haruka: (You rarely see Minori looking so earnest. This must be very important to her.)
Minori: Thanks! So... Here it is!
Haruka: What's this...? A list of...catchphrases?
Minori: Yeah! You've got to have your signature catchphrases worked out, right?
Haruka: I...suppose so?
Haruka: (That's not what I was expecting, but that's the sort of thing Minori would come up with...)
Minori: I wrote catchphrases for everyone in our group. I'll start with mine.
Minori: Ahem!
Minori: Just an audition regular no more! This yet-to-debut idol will move mountains to graduate into a full-fledged celeb!
Haruka: What?
Minori: Just an audition regular no more! This yet-to-debut idol—
Haruka: No need to repeat, I heard you fine the first time...
Haruka: This catchphrase conveys your personality very well but...
Haruka: It's just it won't work after you've debuted, see? Wouldn't it be better to come up with something you can keep using, make it your thing?
Minori: Oh... Yes, you're absolutly right! Why didn't I think of that!
Minori: I'll see if I can come up with something that can stick for longer!
Minori: Okay, let's move on to the catchphrase I wrote for you!
Minori: The resplendent Haruka is the brightest star in this universe!
Haruka: ...
Minori: What do you think? Do you like it?
Haruka: I see where you were going with it...
Haruka: But resplendent and brightest star, that's a bit too much, don't you think?
Minori: Um, maybe, yeah!
Minori: But maybe adding even more shiny imagery to it would make it more memorable!
Minori: The dazzling, resplendent Haruka is the shiniest, brightest star illuminating this universe! Twinkle-twinkle!
Haruka: That... That is memorable, but it doesn't say much about me, don't you think?
Minori: Hmm... It takes more than to say you're our brilliant star to express your appeal, huh.
Minori: Alright then! I'll have a think about a better catchphrase for you, which will convey all your amazing qualities!
Haruka: Just make sure it doesn't get too long.
Haruka: And what did you come up with for Airi?
Minori: Airi's is this. Energy blast! The silly-cute, mega expressive idol, cool on the outside, mellow on the inside!
Haruka: Er... That's very spot on, but you realize she'd get mad if she heard that?
Minori: What? But I really worked hard on this one, and I'd like to show it to her!
Haruka: How about... Before you reveal this one to her, ask her what she'd like to put in her catchphrase, okay?
Haruka: She might already have one, you never know. You wouldn't want to push your ideas onto her, right?
Minori: Gosh, no, of course not! It's incredible how you think of everything, Haruka!
Minori: Hmm... But then I might also need to rethink Shizuku's.
Haruka: What did you write for her?
Minori: Shrouded in an air of mystery, here comes the ultimate ditzy lady totally obsessed with her younger sister!
Haruka: That's an apt description of Shizuku, but I don't think it's flattering for an idol.
Minori: Yeah, I can see that now...
Minori: But you know, it may depend on the situation! I've got lots of alternatives, too!
Haruka: Can I take a look?
Minori: Sure! For example, I have this one for you too.
Haruka: Hmm... Personally, I like it, but Airi would say it doesn't have idol vibes.
Minori: Oh... Then what about this one? It has a nice rhythm to it!
Haruka: What's this... Five syllables, followed by seven and five again? That's a haiku poem...
Minori: Yeah! Genius, right?
Haruka: Hehe. You know, you inspired me to try to come up with some catchphrases of my own.
Minori: Really?! I did?! That's great! Let's write some more together!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Shizuku: Let's start again from the beginning.
Minori: Sure! Um... Yikes, the wind's so strong!
Minori: Uh, yeah. It makes it difficult to hear anything.
Airi: This wind is nothing.
Airi: When you're performing on an outdoor stage, sometimes you have to keep singing in a torrential rainstorm, you know?
Minori: Gosh, really? In that case we'd better toughen up by practicing in this weather!
Minori: One, two, three, four!
Shizuku: Huh? Something just got blown over?
Airi: A flyer for a gig or some other show? Minori, it's coming at you!
Minori: What? Yikes, got to dodge that!
Minori: Blarg!
Shizuku: The wind changed direction and the flyer flew right back.
Airi: Minori, you really have the worst of luck.
Minori: Get it off me! I can't see anything!
Haruka: Don't flail your arms and I'll take it off you.
Minori: Phew... That wasn't pleasant. Thanks for helping me, Haruka.
Haruka: You're welcome.
Haruka: With things flying around, someone could get hurt. Why don't we take a break until the wind dies down a bit?
Airi: We don't have any shows scheduled, so there's no need to push ourselves so hard to practice.
Minori: Speaking of shows! There's something I wanted to ask you.
Minori: How do you deal with anxiety before a show or some other big event?
Minori: I even get stressed out before auditions. If you have any tips, that'll be great.
Shizuku: You get stressed easily, Minori? I'd have never guessed.
Haruka: Really? Minori always goes full steam ahead, so I could tell she wasn't the type to relax before shows.
Airi: Yeah. Minori's the type to get so worked up, it makes her panic and get all clumsy, right?
Minori: What, you read me like an open book! This is why I was always doomed at sports events in elementary school...
Haruka & Airi: (I knew it...)
Minori: It makes me even more stressed to think that I might get so nervous that I'll make a mistake even after lots of rehearsals...
Haruka: I'd like to help but... I don't think I've ever experienced stage fright.
Minori: What, seriously?! W-Wow! So you never worry that you might slip up and embarrass yourself?
Haruka: The only thing we have control over is how much we practice, so if I feel I've practiced enough, I leave it at that and I don't worry about what might happen.
Airi: Well, that's not going to be of any help to Minori!
Airi: Minori, listen. You must not be afraid of failure!
Airi: Anyone can make a mistake, no matter how much they've practiced. And when that happens...
Airi: You just act unfazed and say something along, Huh? That wasn't right? I don't know what you're talking about.
Minori: That's an option?! I... I don't think I could do this. I'd be so self-conscious, I wouldn't be able to just gloss over a mistake.
Airi: You've got to strengthen your psyche!
Haruka: That's easier said than done. I think she's better off following my approach and practicing lots.
Minori: Um... Shizuku, and what do you do to stay calm?
Shizuku: Hmm... I try not to think about having an audience until the show starts.
Shizuku: It's hard not to get a little anxious when you know there are so many pairs of eyes on you.
Minori: I see... That method I can try right away!
Shizuku: Oh, but, in your case, you might benefit more from paying close attention to the audience.
Minori: Huh?
Shizuku: Wouldn't it motivate you more to see all those people you want to entertain, to hear them cheering you on?
Airi: Oh, that's some good advice! I can picture Minori getting really motivated by seeing our expectant audience!
Haruka: Yeah. Out of all of us, Minori has the most idol potential.
Minori: Huh? M-Me?
Haruka: Oh, the wind seems to have died down. Would you like to get back to practice?
Airi: Sure. We've had a long break.
Shizuku: Let's pick up from where we stopped.
Minori: W-Wait! Can someone first explain to me what you meant about me having the most idol potential? Hey!
(Black cut)
