19_Minori Hanasato_R3 Pre-Show Prep

Gacha phrase: I'll do even better tomorrow, Miku!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku)

[Minori's Room]

Minori: Tomorrow's the day!
Minori: The day we perform on stage to cheer Haruka up with that beautiful sea of blue!
Minori: It's an important day, so I should sleep early. Okay, let me turn off the lights now...
Minori: Ugh...
Minori: Urgh! I'm wide awake because I'm feeling so nervous... I won't be able to fall asleep like this...
Minori: Unlike Momoi and Hinomori, I've never performed on a stage before.
Minori: What if I make a mistake and end up disappointing Haruka instead?
Minori: S-Stop thinking like this! You promised Momoi and Hinomori you'd try your very best!
Minori: I can't waver at this crucial moment...
Minori: Oh, but...
Minori: Huh? My smartphone just... Isn't that the light from—
Miku (MMJ): <Good evening, Minori!>
Minori: Miku!
Minori: Are you looking for me?
Miku (MMJ): <Hehe. I thought you seemed a little nervous at today's rehearsal.>
Miku (MMJ): <I was worried about that, so I decided to drop by. Sorry for disturbing you at this late hour.>
Minori: It's no problem at all! I'm really happy to see you!
Minori: Thank you for coming, Miku. You're right. I'm so worried that I haven't been able to fall asleep.
Minori: Even though Momoi and Hinomori are supporting the plan, and you and Rin are helping out, too...
Minori: I feel bad about becoming so nervous just before the show...
Miku (MMJ): <Oh, Minori...>
Miku (MMJ): <It's normal for people to feel nervous before trying out something new. In fact, the more you practice, the more you become afraid of making a mistake.>
Minori: Yes...
Miku (MMJ): <But don't forget that you're not alone, Minori.>
Minori: What?
Miku (MMJ): <Airi and Shizuku will be performing with you tomorrow. And don't forget that Rin and I will be there, too.>
Miku (MMJ): <Everyone will be there to support you!>
Minori: Everyone...
Miku (MMJ): <Yup. You have friends around you who are ready to put in their best effort together with you.>
Miku (MMJ): <So you'll be fine! If it ever seems like you're about to make a mistake, we'll be right there to back you up!>
Miku (MMJ): <Have confidence when you're on the stage, Minori! Let's bring the brightest hope to Haruka together!>
Minori: Hope to Haruka...together...
Minori: Yes...you're right. On the stage, I'm not alone!
Minori: I was so nervous I completely forgot about that important fact. Thank you for reminding me, Miku!
Miku (MMJ): <Hehe, you're smiling like your usual self again.>
Miku (MMJ): <I'm glad you're feeling more relaxed now.>
Minori: Hehe. I'll work hard tomorrow like I always do, Miku!
Minori: I just need to remember my practice sessions with Momoi and Hinomori and everything will be just fine!
Minori: I'll make sure Haruka receives all the hope that she's given me so far!
Minori: Okay, let's put all our strength into tomorrow's show!
Minori: Go, go, go!
Miku (MMJ): <Go!>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: One, two, three, four, turn...and pose!
Minori: I did it! What do you think, Airi?
Airi: You've gotten a lot better! Now all that's left is for you to bear in mind how to make the costume look cuter.
Minori: What? Costume?
Airi: That's right. A proper idol must know how to use their stage costumes to their advantage!
Airi: Plan the costume's movements into the dance routine as well and make them look as cute as yourself!
Minori: I get it now! You're so good at this, Airi!
Airi: Admittedly, it's hard to imagine that in our workout gear. We'll have to look for an idol-style costume somewhere...
Minori: Idol-style costume, huh. Well, we've only just recently decided to form an idol group together, after all.
Minori: We don't have any official costumes, yet... Ah.
Airi: What is it?
Minori: We do have a cute, idol-style costume we can use, Airi!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: Thank goodness we can still come back!
Minori: (Miku and Rin really helped us a lot, giving us advice about Haruka and singing the song that was born from our feelings together with us...)
Miku (MMJ): Minori, Airi!
Rin: Hi, there! Anything we can help you with today?
Minori: Yeah! We were just practicing our dance routine.
Minori: But we were hoping to improve it by being conscious of the way our costumes moved around during the dance too!
Minori: So we were wondering if we could use the clothes with the clover motif that we wore when performing here before?
Miku (MMJ): A dance routine that makes your costume look cute... Sounds like something we could learn from, too!
Rin: Yeah! We should join in the fun!
Miku (MMJ): Yes, I'd love that. May we join you, Minori and Airi?
Minori: Of course you may! Please give us some good pointers, too!
Airi: Okay, let's change and practice now!
Minori: You got it!
(Black cut)
Minori: Urgh... I can't move anymore...
Airi: You're such a mess. You should learn from Miku and Rin.
Miku (MMJ): Good work, Minori.
Rin: That was really fun! I'm glad we could practice together!
Miku (MMJ): Yes. Our performances would be more appealing if we could make our costumes look cuter on stage too.
Minori: But it's so difficult to do...
Minori: It's easy to think about making the skirt sway in a cute way, but to actually do it is too hard for me right now...
Airi: Yeah, it's not something you can do right away for sure. Even I still find myself wanting to do better at times.
Airi: The more important thing is to actually start thinking about it!
Airi: Simply doing it for the sake of doing it is meaningless.
Airi: Think of the feelings you have towards the song and all of your fans. Without those feelings, you'd just be trying to look cool, that's all.
Minori: What's truly important is the feelings I put into it, huh? That's the same for interview self-introductions too.
Airi: Yup.
Airi: Well, in your case, you have no lack of strong feelings, so all you need to do is work on your expressions by practicing like just now.
Minori: Yes, I'll try my best to learn all sorts of expressions!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, Rin! It's almost time for our show!
Rin: You're right! Come on, let's put what we just practiced into use♪
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. See you later, Minori and Airi. You're always welcome here♪
Minori: Thanks!
Airi: I guess we should head back soon too.
Minori: Okay, but...
Minori: Do you think I could practice for just a little longer?
Airi: Hehe, I thought you said you can't move anymore?
Minori: I'm fine now! I want to be able to have better control over what you just taught me today!
Airi: That's good! Then let's practice until you're satisfied!
(Black cut)
