130_Minori Hanasato_R4 Wh-Wh-Wh-What?! (event_5)

Gacha phrase: W-W-Wait, Shizuku!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: Alright, it's time to begin our trial video shoot!
Haruka: Hehe. You seem excited.
Minori: I am because we're finally doing idol stuff as MORE MORE JUMP!
Airi: Yeah! So let's start already!
Minori: Okay! Just let me set up the tablet first...
Shizuku: Oh, thank goodness. You fixed it.
Airi: Huh? Did something happen to that tablet?
Minori: Ah... Um... Well, yesterday...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Minori: Okay, let's try filming something! Ready, start!
Shizuku: ...
Minori: ...
Shizuku: ...
Minori: Um... Shizuku...?
Minori: It's recording, so you can move now. And if you could say something...
Shizuku: Oh, I'm so sorry... I'm just not sure what I should be doing for the video is all...
Minori: Oh, r-right! We have to decide on something to do!
Minori: Hmm. Maybe for this test, we can take a video of the self-introduction I use for my auditions!
Minori: Shizuku, could you be the cameraman and film me instead?
Shizuku: Sure, of course. I just have to take a video of you, right?
Minori: Yup, thanks!
Shizuku: Um... How do I do that with this...?
Minori: There should be a red circle towards the bottom. Just tap it lightly and all you need to do after that is hold the camera up!
Shizuku: Red circle... Oh, this one! Tap it lightly...
Minori: Ah, Shizuku! I think your finger's covering the lens. Could you move your right hand down a little bit?
Shizuku: Let's see, move my right hand down...
Minori: Oh! You need to take your hand off the screen too...!
Shizuku: Huh? The screen changed into something else...?
Minori: Haha, it registered that as a swipe...
Minori: Shizuku, if you move your fingers while they're still on the screen, it'll react to them, so you need to take your hand off first...
Shizuku: Oh dear... It keeps making these clicking sounds too...
Minori: Yikes! The camera app switched to burst mode!
Shizuku: Umm... I just have to remove my right hand. There.
Minori: Phew... It should be fine now.... Wait, what?!
Shizuku: Huh? Oh, there are so many different screens... What is this?
Minori: Shizuku, your left hand! Your fingers are pressing a bunch of stuff!
Shizuku: Oh, then... I'll just hold it with my right hand...!
Minori: Eep! Wait, Shizuku! If you hold it like that, it'll happen all over again!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Minori: Is what happened...
Haruka: Hehehe. I see... That must've been quite an ordeal...
Airi: Hahaha, s-sorry for laughing, Minori, but that's what happens when you let Shizuku use anything electronic...!
Minori: Hey, it's not very nice to laugh! We were both in a total panic then!
Haruka: But imagining the both of you scrambling around like that... It's a shame none of it ended up on video.
Airi: You're so right! I wish I could see the faces you were both making then!
Haruka: Phew... It's been a while since I laughed so hard.
Airi: Yeah. We've been feeling lost and confused lately, laughing really cleared my mind. All thanks to you two!
Minori: Really? Then laugh all you want, I guess...?
Haruka: Hehe.
Shizuku: Now, shall we go back to our video shoot?
Minori: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Minori: Pre-release♪ Pre-release♪ Pre-release today♪
Minori: (After practice would be too late. I should grab what I can before I go!)
Man's Voice: Hey, you...! You, over there! Interested in becoming an idol?
Minori: (Huh?! Am I being scouted?!)
Girl: Um... Are you talking to me?
Man's Voice: Yes! Here's my card. I'm actually a...
Minori: (Oh, okay... He was asking the girl behind me...)
Minori: Is she the same age as me...?
Minori: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Clerk: Hm? You must be a friend of theirs. Are you here for a tour of the agency?
(White cut)
Talent Agency CEO: Our agency would be happy to take you, Ms. Hinomori and Ms. Momoi, but I was not aware you would be bringing an amateur with you as well.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Minori: (I've always been told that I was dull or lackluster during auditions...)
Minori: (I guess you really need to have an aura, like Haruka, to become a fully-fledged idol...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After practice]

[Miyamasuzaka]

Airi: Practice felt really productive today!
Haruka: It was. As our practice sessions get better, the rate of our improvement will too and... Wait, where's Minori?
Shizuku: She's right there... By that shop's display window.
Minori: My bangs should look like... There! I'm all set!
Airi: Why are you so worried about how you look today, Minori? Is something going on?
Minori: Yup! There's something I need to do so...!
Minori: I'll be heading out first! Bye, everyone!
Airi: Hey, wait! Minori?
Airi: She went off in a hurry... Did something happen to her?
Haruka: ...
(Black cut)
Minori: (It should be around here... The street where scouts look for potential models and idols.)
Minori: (Let's do this...!)
Minori: (My makeup, outfit and hair are flawless. Now, I need to walk like I mean business...!)
Minori: (Come forth, my sparkly aura! One that can captivate anybody in an instant, like Haruka!)
Woman: Oh, you there! Do you have some time?
Minori: Huh! Yes, of course!
(Black cut)
Minori: Sigh... She wanted me as a hair model. Not an idol...
Minori: Oh, but maybe that means I managed to emit some kind of aura!
Minori: Alright! I just have to keep trying then...!
???: Hello...
Minori: Yes! How may I...?
Minori: Whaaa?! Haruka...?! Everyone?! What're you doing here?!
Haruka: You didn't seem like yourself just now, so we came to see if everything was okay.
Minori: D-Does that mean... You saw everything...?
Airi: Yeah. We saw you walking around like you were desperately looking for something...
Airi: Are you still feeling self-conscious about that whole idol aura thing...?
Minori: Err...
Shizuku: Minori...
Airi: You dummy. I told you not to worry about it.
Minori: Yeah, but...
Haruka: Don't quote me on this, but I don't think this aura you're thinking of is something you consciously give off.
Minori: Really...?
Shizuku: Yes. It could just be that your ability to shine has just reached its infancy too.
Airi: Well, in your case, it may take you a little longer than usual to reach the final stage.
Haruka: Even if that's the case, we'll look for it together, Minori. A way for you to truly shine.
Minori: Haruka... Everyone...!
Minori: You're right... You're absolutely right!
Airi: If you really think so, then stop trying to get scouted like this!
Airi: You're more likely to get ripped off by some sketchy salesman selling expensive school supplies before a talent scout finds you.
Minori: Th-That's not true!
Minori: Besides, I fully intend on becoming an idol with MORE MORE JUMP!, regardless of whether or not I get scouted!
Haruka: Right, so let's work on that together.
Shizuku: Hehe. I feel much better... But I'm starting to feel a bit hungry too.
Airi: Wanna grab a bite at a cafe before heading back?
Minori: Let's go!
(Black cut)
