164_Minori Hanasato_R2 Positive Flower (event_11)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Minori: Haruka, thanks for waiting! Let's have... Oh, I guess she's not here yet.
Minori: (In that case, I think I'll take another look at the comments from our first stream yesterday.)
Comment: <I'm so happy I get to see Haruka again!> <I loved getting to hear how Airi felt!> <Shizuku's as beautiful as ever.>
Minori: (I'm glad the others were able to express how they really felt to their fans too.)
Comment: <Can even Haruka handle freelancing?> <What are they thinking? Just join an agency already.>
Minori: (Hm... It looks like some people don't think this is going to work. Still, we just started! This is only the beginning!)
Comment: <Who was that last girl?> <I've never seen her before.> <Who was that? Show her again...>
Minori: ...
Minori: (There are comments about me too! I've gotta keep doing more and more!)
Haruka: Sorry to keep you waiting.
Minori: Oh, Haruka! That's okay. I just got here too.
Minori: If it means getting to have lunch with you, Haruka, I can wait as long as it takes!
Haruka: Hehe. Well, I've kept you waiting long enough. Let's eat, shall we?
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: Oh, that reminds me... Did you have any problems coming to school this morning?
Minori: I was worried that you might've drawn some extra attention on your way here because of our first livestream yesterday.
Haruka: I appreciate the concern, but I didn't have any trouble. I wore a disguise.
Minori: A disguise?
Haruka: Yeah. It's common knowledge that Airi, Shizuku and I attend this school.
Haruka: That's why I wear my regular clothes on the way here and change into my uniform afterwards. I was wearing a hat and sunglasses, so I don't think anyone recognized me.
Minori: Oh! I should've known!
Minori: Still, it can't be easy. Having to wear a disguise means you always have to carry a change of clothes with you.
Haruka: It's not so bad. I wouldn't mind if it was just me, but I can't very well cause trouble for the school.
Haruka: I only really wear a disguise when I'm alone as well.
Minori: Huh? Really?
Haruka: Yeah. If I'm with my friends, for example, something simple is usually enough. I'm guessing people find it harder to talk to me when I'm with others.
Minori: Oh, I think I understand. I'd feel bad about disrupting your personal time since talking to you then would be kind of rude.
Haruka: Looks like I was right.
Haruka: It's thanks to the fans' consideration that I'm able to avoid inconveniencing my friends. It's also really nice being able to get a breather and just shop once in a while.
Haruka: I have to think Airi and Shizuku feel the same way.
Minori: Oh! If you wear a disguise to school, that probably means they're doing the same thing.
Haruka: Airi for sure. From what I understand, she almost always wears a disguise out in public.
Haruka: But I don't think Shizuku does much more than changing how she dresses and putting on a pair of glasses.
Minori: Come to think of it, Shizuku's someone you'd just recognize with a quick glance.
Minori: But she has this aura that might make it hard to approach her even if you do realize who she is...
Haruka: Hehe. I guess that's true.
Minori: I'll have to start making sure I don't cause trouble for those around me as well.
Minori: On the other hand, nobody even knows who I am yet, so it's probably way too early for me to even worry...!
Haruka: I don't think that's true at all.
Haruka: It's great you're already thinking about how to protect the smiles of those around you.
Minori: What?! N-No, it's nothing as great as that. I just thought it'd be rude to inconvenience others by simply doing the things I like!
Minori: But I'm wondering if I can pull off a disguise too...
Minori: I feel like I'll end up picking a look that ends up making me stick out even more!
Haruka: Hehe. I can imagine you walking around looking all worried that you'll be made.
Minori: I knew it! Maybe I should start practicing now...
Haruka: Hehe. Let me know when you want to try and I'll give you some pointers.
Minori: Oh! That would be great!
Minori: The first step is getting enough recognition so that a disguise becomes necessary!
Haruka: Let's do our best, Minori.
Minori: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: Alright, time for another great practice! Oh...!
Shizuku: One, two, three, four... Phew... Okay, next stretch...
Minori: Whoa! Shizuku, you're already here?!
Shizuku: Yes. Remember how I told the fans that I'd do my best during our last stream?
Shizuku: That means I'll need to start working even harder than I have been. Or rather, I want to work harder.
Minori: I see!
Minori: (I'm so glad Shizuku's feeling better!)
Shizuku: Oh, also... I wanted to thank you, Minori.
Minori: Huh? Me?
Shizuku: Airi told me that you said you like me just the way I am.
Minori: Oh, do you mean...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Minori: The Shizuku from Cheerful * Days had a mysterious quality about her, but was so great at singing and dancing.
Minori: She felt like someone who was so far out of anyone's reach and it was always so wonderful seeing her like that...
Minori: But... I think I like Shizuku as she is now more.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Minori: Oh, right! So Airi told you about that?
Shizuku: Yes. After hearing that, I decided I need to try even harder for you and all the other fans who feel the same way about me.
Shizuku: I really do appreciate it. So thank you, Minori.
Shizuku: And I hope we can continue doing our best together.
Minori: Of course!
(Black cut)
Minori: Okay, here we go. One, two, three, four...
Shizuku: You can push a little harder than that.
Minori: Got it! Here we go! One, two, three, four!
Shizuku: Hnng...
Minori: Oh, was that too much?
Shizuku: No. Go ahead and push a little harder.
Minori: Wait, harder?!
Shizuku: You know how I get tripped up and stumble a lot, right? I need to make sure I do plenty of stretching to avoid getting hurt.
Minori: Oh, that makes sense! Okay, I'll push a little harder then!
Shizuku: Yes, thank you.
Shizuku: ...
Minori: (I didn't realize Shizuku was putting in such an extra effort for the fans like this.)
Minori: (But her fans, myself included, always just saw her as the perfect idol.)
Minori: (Of course she was working hard. She was at the center of Cheerful * Days.)
Minori: (But it's different now! I'm seeing just how much work she puts in every day!)
Shizuku: Phew... Okay, shall we switch?
Minori: Right! Don't hold back, Shizuku! Push as hard as you can!
Shizuku: Got it. Let me know if it hurts, though.
Minori: (And now, the fans will get to see just how hard she works for them!)
Minori: (It's probably gonna surprise a lot of people...)
Minori: (But I think seeing her working so hard without ever giving up will help give everyone the courage to keep going as well!)
Minori: (And I need to do the same...!)
Shizuku: Ready? One, two, three, four...
Minori: Owww...!!
Shizuku: Oh no! I'm so sorry Minori! I shouldn't have started that strong.
Minori: N-No, it's all right! Please do that again!
Shizuku: Um... Okay, here we go then...
Minori: I'm ready!
Minori: (I need to keep working harder! More, more, more!)
Minori: (I want to be the kind of idol who can inspire courage and hope for everyone!)
(Black cut)
