190_Minori Hanasato_R4 For "Your" Sake (event_17)

Gacha phrase: Please, reach them...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[A few days before the show]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: One, two, three, four! And pose!
Minori: Okay!
Minori: (Yes...! I did just the way I imagined...!)
Airi: You're doing great today too, Minori!
Shizuku: You really are. It's so amazing that you've been able to master this dance in such a short period of time.
Minori: Hehehe... Thanks!
Minori: (It's all thanks to getting so much done in SEKAI alongside our usual practices.)
Minori: (As long as I can keep this up, we'll be okay... I think...)
Haruka: ...
Minori: Oh...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Haruka: We know that you're doing your best.
Haruka: But we also can't let doubt creep into our viewers' minds.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Minori: (Right. I need to make sure no one, including our fans, Haruka and the others, feel that way.)
Minori: (I need to keep smiling!)
Minori: ...
Haruka: Oh...
Minori: (Did I do that okay...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: We have a few things to take care of, so we'll be heading off.
Airi: Feel free to stay and practice, but not too late, okay?
Airi: See you tomorrow!
Minori: Okay! See you!
Minori: Alright! It's time to...!
Haruka: Minori...
Haruka: How about we take a water break before starting back up again?
Minori: Huh?
(Black cut)
Haruka: I'm back. Here's yours, Minori.
Minori: Thanks, Haruka! I'm thirsty!
Haruka: ...
Minori: H-Haruka...? I'm not sure that I can relax or take a drink with you staring at me like that, maybe...?
Haruka: Really? Even though you're always watching me do everything?
Minori: Huh?! Oh, I... That's...!
Haruka: Hehe.
Minori: (Come to think of it, Haruka was watching me practice that whole time just now too...)
Minori: (She seemed genuinely worried about me when we went home together that one day too.)
Minori: (Wait! Does this mean I'm making her worry about me again?!)
Minori: (No, I have to tell her that everything is alright now...)
Minori: (B-But what if I'm wrong...?! That would also be really embarrassing...!)
Haruka: Hehe... Hehehe...
Minori: H-Haruka? Is something wrong?
Haruka: Hehe. You were making some funny expressions just now, Minori.
Haruka: I was wondering what was on your mind too. One moment you looked surprised, but turned red a second later. Just one expression after another.
Minori: Wh-what?! I just let it show?!
Haruka: Yes, you did. So what were you thinking about?
Minori: I, umm... I was worried that you asked me to take a break because you were concerned about me again.
Haruka: Oh, I just suggested that because I thought it was a good idea to stay hydrated...
Haruka: I feel like you're all better now, Minori. Especially after you asked me to believe in you.
Minori: H-Haruka...!
Haruka: You've really been amazing lately.
Haruka: Until now, you seemed to always be questioning yourself or not quite know what to do.
Haruka: But that's changed. Now, you seem much more confident about yourself.
Minori: Oh...
Minori: That's probably because I met a fan of mine...
Haruka: A fan?
Minori: Yeah! This person claiming to be my fan came up to me and even promised to watch our show...!
Minori: For now, they may be the only one out there trying to support me right now...
Minori: But for their sake, I want our show to go well!
Haruka: I see...
Haruka: But can I make one correction to that? Aside from that person, you have three other fans, you know?
Minori: Huh?! You mean...?
Haruka: Of course. Airi, Shizuku and myself.
Minori: ...!
Haruka: Your determination and the way you never give up are what helped us get back on our feet.
Haruka: So you... We'll be just fine!
Minori: Haruka...!
Minori: (Everything that was bothering me, like not practicing too much or that uneasiness I felt... It's all gone now...!)
Minori: (All it took was just one smiling face... And Haruka... Haruka's so...!)
Minori: So amazing...!
Haruka: Huh?
Minori: Huh? Oh, nothing! Please, ignore that!
Minori: Hehehe...! I'm so happy! I have four fans already!
Minori: One made me want to work even harder.
Minori: Four means I need to... More and more and more and more...
Haruka: Hehehe. That more and more might just turn into a pretty big number.
Minori: Yeah! Let's make sure that happens by having our show become a big success!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Minori: Humhumhumm♪ Yesterday's show went so well♪
Minori: But I shouldn't let it get to my head. I need to keep working hard starting with this morning's practice and... Hm?
High School Student A: Whoa, is that...?!
High School Student B: *Gasp*! Is it really her...?
Minori: (I'm not sure, but it feels like everyone is staring at me for some reason...)
Minori: (*Gasp*! Does my hair look funny?! Did I fix my bed head?! Are my clothes on backwards...?!)
Girl: Um, excuse me...!
Minori: Eep! Y-Y-Yes...?!
Girl: Y-You're Minori, right...?! From MORE MORE JUMP!?
Minori: Huh? Y-Yes...! I am but...
Girl: No way...! I'm a huge fan of yours! C-Can I shake your hand?!
Minori: O-O-Of course!
High School Student A: Look! It really is her!
High School Student B: Yeah! Let's go!
Minori: Huh?! No, wait...!
Assembled Onlookers: Minori, please shake hands with me! Can I get your autograph?! Let's take a picture!
Minori: W-W-Waahhh! E-Everybody, please settle down...!!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Minori: ...!!
Minori: (Huh? This is... The school's rooftop?)
Minori: (Oh, right. We're having our morning practice but I came too early, waited for everyone and nodded off...)
Airi: Minori, is everything okay? You seemed surprised for a second.
Shizuku: Were you having a bad dream?
Haruka's Voice (Haruka): My shoulder probably didn't make the best pillow for her. Maybe my lap would've been better...
Minori: Oh, no. It wasn't bad or anything. I think I was just so happy that I felt like screaming and...
Minori: Huh? Where's Haruka...?
Airi: She's right next to you.
Minori: She is...?
Minori: Wah! Haruka?!
Minori: No! Now I remember...! You said that you'd wake me up when everyone came and I just went straight to sleep...!
Shizuku: She told us everything too. Apparently, you were so happy that our show went as well as it did that you couldn't get to sleep last night.
Airi: I mean, shouldn't it be the opposite? Normally, you'd be so relieved that you'd have no choice but to fall asleep.
Minori: Haha...
Haruka: ...
Minori: Hm? Haruka?
Haruka: You look much better now than you did before, but you do still seem a little tired.
Minori: I do...?
Haruka: The three of us were talking and thought that maybe we should skip our morning and lunch practices, and do something light in the evening.
Shizuku: Yes. It was our first show in some time as well, so it may be good for all of us to get a little rest.
Airi: But no sleeping during classes, okay?
Minori: O-Of course! I also feel much better after Haruka gave me some time to relax too!
Haruka: Hehe. I'm glad.
Haruka: Oh, by the way... What's this dream that made you so happy and want to scream like that?
Minori: Teehee. Well...
(Black cut)
Haruka: Hehe. You had a dream about being surrounded by your fans...
Minori: They all came stampeding towards me and I didn't know what to do!
Minori: I mean, I still only have one fan, so there was no way that could be true...
Airi: Oh? Are you sure about that?
Shizuku: Hehe. She may be right.
Shizuku: I believe that everyone who watched our show yesterday saw just how wonderful you are, Minori.
Airi: Exactly. The day you suddenly get mobbed by your fans might not be so far off.
Minori: Haha. Thanks, but I'm still not sure what I should do then...
Haruka: Don't worry. If necessary, we can teach you what we know about how to interact with them.
Minori: Really?!
Haruka: Yes. As long as you know what to do, you won't have to panic.
Minori: Yeah! In my dream, I couldn't even get myself to tell everyone thank you for supporting me like that!
Minori: And... If I do meet them again, I have to tell my first fan how much they mean to me!
Minori: So everyone, please! Show me the way!
(Black cut)
