200_Minori Hanasato_R3 Expanding Circle Of Friendship (event_18)

Gacha phrase: May I sing with you?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika: So... Minori, Kohane... Friends?
Kohane: Yup, friends!
Minori: Hehe. This is great! We became much, much closer just like that!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)

[Shibuya Park]

Minori: ...
Airi: Okay, we're all here. Let's start our little run!
Minori: Yeah!
Shizuku: You seem awfully happy, Minori.
Haruka: Were you looking forward to this that much?
Minori: Yes! We usually run by ourselves since we all run at different speeds.
Minori: There's also somewhere I'd like to stop by while we're doing this!
Haruka: Where?
Minori: Hehe. Somewhere with really pretty cherry blossoms in full bloom!
Minori: I went to see them with some of my classmates the other day and want you to see them too!
Haruka: Cherry blossoms... That sounds nice...
Shizuku: It does. I haven't had a chance this year to go see any either...
Airi: Me neither. Let's make it the last stop for our run.
Minori: Yay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Nonogi Park]

Minori: Yeah, over here! The cherry blossoms are still...
Minori: Nooo!! What happened?! There were so many more last time...!
Haruka: It's been pretty breezy lately, so they might've gotten blown away...
Minori: B-But... I should've shown you guys sooner then...
Airi: Our streams have been keeping us busy, so I'm not really sure we could've...
Minori: True...
Minori: (But they were so beautiful. I really wanted everyone to see them... Oh, wait...)
Haruka: They really are beautiful, even though they're a little past their peak.
Airi: Yeah, you're right. It really feels like spring now.
Shizuku: I agree. Thank you for bringing us here today, Minori.
Minori: (Thank goodness. They're still enjoying everything!)
Haruka: How about we do our cooldown here? You know, while we look at all the cherry blossoms!
Minori & Airi & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Airi: But it's been a while since I last just stopped to see some cherry blossoms like this...
Minori: Oh, right... You were all too busy when you were still idols...
Airi: Well, we did get to see them sometimes as part of special segments and stuff.
Haruka: I feel like we're going through a really important time in our lives right now, you know...?
Haruka: Not just seeing the cherry blossoms like this. Even the things we've been doing together, at school, everything...
Airi: Yeah, it's almost weird that we're going to school like this because of how busy we used to be.
Shizuku: Hehe. We even got to participate in the Sports Festival and choir recital.
Haruka: Right. We've even had time to make new friends, go out together and just have fun...
Haruka: Important might not be the best way to describe it, but it feels like we should be cherishing these moments.
Shizuku: I agree. It's almost as if we may be having too much fun for our own good.
Minori: I don't think so!
Minori: All of you worked so hard until now to give people hope! You absolutely deserve to have a little time to enjoy yourselves!
Minori: No, not a little... A lot!
Haruka: Minori...
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you, Minori.
Haruka: Well, if you put it that way, Minori, we might be asking a lot more of you in the future.
Minori: Of course! I'll do whatever I can!
Airi: In that case... Mind going off to buy some Japanese sweets for us?
Minori: Wait, right now?!
Airi: Yeah, some rice cakes too. Those spring-themed ones if you can...!
Haruka: That's be nice. Also, some sweet soybean powder ones would be good too, and...
Minori: W-W-Wait! I don't mind running off to get them, but I don't have my wallet on me right now!
Haruka: Hehe. Sorry, Minori. We were just joking.
Minori: Huh...?
Airi: No store that carries this stuff is gonna be open this early, right?
Minori: Oh, yeah... You really had me going there for a second...
Shizuku: Hehe. But the four of us having a little Japanese sweets party together might be nice, especially if the weather stays this nice.
Airi: Sure. We can do that at school on the rooftop or in the courtyard!
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: (That'd be great if we really could do a little party like that!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Haruka: Great practice today. I'll see you tomorrow.
Minori: Yeah, see you tomorrow!
Shizuku: Bye, Minori, Airi.
Airi: Bye, Shizuku. Alright, Minori, let's go.
Minori: Okay!
(Black cut)
Minori: Hehe. I've sort of been looking forward to walking home with you, Airi♪
Airi: Yeah, we don't really live near each other and usually just go our separate ways after school...
Minori: Exactly, but I'm heading your way today!
Airi: Right, the Japanese confectionary shop you like so much. I haven't been there in a while either. I'm feeling a rice cake craving coming.
Minori: Come to think of it, you wanted one when we went to see the cherry blossoms too.
Airi: Hehe. I really like them, you know? Oh, we're here...!
Minori: Since we're here, maybe I'll get something too. Hm...? Airi, there's something posted on the window...
Airi: You're right. Let's see... Today and tomorrow only! Special discounts on rice cakes and other sweets...?!
Minori: Airi, does this mean...!
Airi: Yes, Minori! It's time for that!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day - Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Thanks for waiting. So there's something you need to tell me?
Minori: Hehe. Do you remember what we talked about when went to see those cherry blossoms the other day?
Haruka: When we went to see the cherry blossoms? Something about this being an important time in our lives and...
Shizuku: I know! A Japanese sweets party! Airi was looking forward to having one!
Minori: Ding! Ding! Ding! We have a winner!
Minori: And your reward will be... An assortment of Japanese sweets!
Haruka: Wow...! So many kinds of rice cakes...!
Shizuku: Yes, she wasn't kidding! Where did you get these, Airi?
Airi: Hehe. The confectionary shop we went by yesterday was having a sale...!
Airi: We decided to ask the shop to deliver us some freshly made sweets for this occasion.
Shizuku: I see. I've actually been looking forward to doing this as well.
Haruka: Hehe. Me too. Just for today, we can take a break and eat whatever we like.
Minori: Okay...! I have tea too, so bon appetite!
Airi: Yeah, enough talk. Let's eat!
Minori & Haruka & Shizuku: Let's eat!
Minori: Mmm... These rice cakes are so yummy!
Haruka: They are. The bean paste is so well made too. I might need to be careful with these...
Airi: I know, right? It's so easy to get carried away with these...
Minori: Haha.
Minori: ...
Haruka: You're grinning, Minori. Are you having that much fun?
Minori: Hehe. I was just thinking that it's so nice that we've been getting to spend more time with each other.
Minori: Wait, this is where we all first met too, isn't it?!
Haruka: You're right. I met you when you were in the middle of dance practice...
Airi: Then you two ran into Shizuku and me when we were arguing about something...
Minori: Yeah. Then we met Miku...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (The first time we went to SEKAI, everyone looked so down even though we got to see such an amazing show...)
Minori: (And...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Minori: It's not true that you have nothing more to give.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (It was a little tough when I couldn't express how I really felt...)
Minori: (But we were able to come together and form MORE MORE JUMP!)
Minori: Hehe. It still feels like a dream.
Shizuku: Yes, it does. It took us a while, but everything started happening so fast too.
Airi: I'm sure we'll have some long days ahead of us, but it'll all just fly by us in the end.
Haruka: Right. That's why we need to spend each and every day meaningfully.
Airi: Exactly! We just gotta keep doing what we need to do, keep making video and we'll have a million followers before we know it!
Minori: A million...?!
Airi: You heard me! We gotta aim high, right?!
Minori: Yeah! You're right, Airi!
Airi: You're a member of MORE MORE JUMP! too, Minori, so you'll have to keep doing your best too, okay?
Minori: I will...!
Minori: (She's right. I have a fan now too. Someone that's out there supporting me!)
Minori: (I'm still only at one, but I want to be able to deliver hope to more and more people!)
Minori: I'm gonna do my best!!
Minori: Wait, huh...? Cherry blossom petals...?
Haruka: They could be from the tree in the courtyard.
Airi: But they're pretty, so I say it's a good thing.
Shizuku: Hehe. It's as if they're cheering us on as well.
Minori: Hehe. You might be right!
Minori: Alright! Let's all keep doing everything we can! More and more and more!!
(Black cut)
