224_Minori Hanasato_R4 Passionate Call! (event_23)

Gacha phrase: Encore! Encore!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Minori: Haruka, let's go up to practice... Hm...?
Haruka: Oh, Minori.
Haruka: Sorry, be right there.
Saki: Okay, see you tomorrow! Good luck, Minori!
Minori: Y-Yeah! Thanks, Saki!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rooftop]

Minori: Sorry about interrupting your conversation with Saki just now...
Haruka: No, it's okay. I was just talking with her about what we did yesterday.
Minori: About yesterday?
Haruka: Yeah, about how we went to that karaoke place...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: L-O-V-E! Let's go! HA-RU-KA!
Minori: Hey! Hey! LOVE & PEACE!
Minori: Encore! Encore!
Haruka: Um, Minori... It's your turn to sing next...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: Oh, right... I probably got a little too excited there...
Haruka: But it was fun having you cheer like that for me. It almost felt like an actual show.
Minori: Really?! Thank goodness!
Haruka: Hehe. We also spoke about the Penguin Cafe. Tenma was actually the one who originally suggested it to me.
Minori: Wait, she was?!
Haruka: She was, and I wanted to thank her for it because we had so much fun there.
Minori: That place had so many cute penguins and goods... It was too adorable...!
Haruka: I agree. It felt therapeutic too. It was so hard to decide what to buy too...
Minori: I know, right? I'd like to get them all, but that's not really possible. At the same time, choosing just one felt just as impossible...!
Haruka: That's so true. I couldn't decide and I ended up getting more than I expected.
Minori: Hehe. Yes, you did!
Minori: You had such a cute look on your face when you were deciding what to get. Just like a little girl in a candy store.
Haruka: Huh?
Minori: Uh, nothing! I didn't say anything...! Hahaha...
Haruka: ...
Minori: (There's no way she didn't hear that... What do I do...?!)
Minori: Um, Haruka... Sorry for letting that just slip out like that...
Haruka: You really know how to just be yourself, Minori...
Minori: Huh? I do...?
Haruka: I think so. Minori the idol really doesn't seem all that different from the Minori I've gotten to know...
Haruka: Like you don't have to put on a face for anyone.
Minori: Yeah, I guess so. I try to be energetic when I'm on camera, but that's sort of just who I am...
Haruka: See? I knew it.
Haruka: So I'd like to ask you this if you don't mind. What do you do when you want to relax or feel refreshed?
Minori: Refreshed...? I'll play with Samo!
Haruka: Oh? Samo as in your big, white Samoyed?
Minori: Yeah! He's so big, white and fluffy! His slightly droopy eyes are really cute too♪
Minori: It's also really cute when Samo rolls around on the floor! He just whisks all my worries away...!
Haruka: I see. Having a pet like that does sound nice.
Minori: Oh, right. You don't have any at home, do you?
Haruka: No, we don't...
Haruka: I've had chances to interact with animals through TV shows, but I don't think I really have outside of that.
Minori: What?! Y-You're kidding!
Minori: Haruka!!
Haruka: Y-Yes?
Minori: Please! Please come over to my house and play with Samo as much as you like!
Haruka: Wait, hold on... Are you sure...?
Minori: Yes, I'm sure! Come to my house after school...
Minori: No, wait! I have to clean my room first! I didn't put away the books and DVDs I was looking at yesterday...!
Minori: But I really want you to feel Samo's powers first hand!
Haruka: Hehe. I appreciate the offer, Minori.
Haruka: But I'd feel bad just barging into your house on such short notice. Still, thank you.
Minori: Haruka...
Minori: Oh, I know! Today might not work, but why don't you come over during our next day off and walk Samo with me?
Haruka: Walk Samo?
Minori: Yeah! We can meet at a park nearby, walk him and feel his fluffiness together! Would that work for you?
Haruka: Hehe. I might need to see just how great Samo is if you keep insisting like this.
Minori: Of course! You're always welcome!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Shibuya Park]

Minori: Hehe. I get to walk Samo with Haruka today. It's gonna be so much fun...!
Samo: *Whimper*
Minori: Are you excited to see Haruka too, Samo?
Samo: Woof!
Minori: I am too. I really want her to feel just how fluffy you are.
Minori: I usually brush you after our walks, but just for today, I did it beforehand...
Minori: And you smell really nice since you just took a bath too. You couldn't be in better shape for today.
Minori: We need to make sure Haruka has a good time, okay, Samo?
Samo: Woof!
Haruka: Minori, I'm finally here.
Minori: Oh, Haruka! Thanks for coming today!
Minori: Now, let me get you introduced. This is my dog, Samo!
Samo: Woof!
Haruka: Nice to meet you, Samo.
Haruka: He's pretty big when you see him in person like this...
Minori: That's because his fur's extra fluffy. Whenever he takes a bath, it goes completely flat and he'll shrink to about half this size.
Haruka: Hehe. That's cute.
Samo: *Whimper*
Minori: Oh... I think he wants you to pet him, Haruka.
Haruka: Me... Um, well...
Haruka: I've never petted a dog this big before... What should I do...?
Minori: Uh... How about you start by squatting down and gently brushing your hand over his face and onto his forehead?
Haruka: L-Like this...?
Minori: Yeah, it gives him a chance to sniff you a little and feel more comfortable.
Haruka: Oh... He really is sniffing me...
Minori: Now, try petting him while working your way down to his neck.
Haruka: Wow... He's so fluffy...!
Haruka: He... He's like a ball of cotton candy...!
Samo: *Whimper*
Minori: I think he wants you to keep going. Look, he's really wagging his tail!
Haruka: Hehe. Yes, he is.
Minori: You can try calling him by his name too.
Haruka: Um... Do you like it, Samo?
Samo: Woof!
Haruka: Oh, he replied. He's moving his ears around too.
Minori: Hehe. Isn't he the cutest? Oh, he also likes being scratched under his jaw and on the side of his face♪
Haruka: Under his jaw... Oh, you're right...! He looks so happy...!
Samo: *Whimper*
Minori: (Haruka looks like she's having fun. How can you not with this much fluff?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Haruka: Thanks for letting me play with Samo today, Minori.
Minori: No, I should be thanking you! Thanks for giving Samo so much attention today!
Minori: He seemed to really like being with someone outside of my family for a change.
Haruka: Really?
Minori: Yeah. Samo really loves getting petted and having this kind of attention...
Minori: But he's so big, you know? Younger children are a little scared of him because of that.
Haruka: Oh, I see...
Minori: But you gave him just what he needed, Haruka! He looks so happy!
Minori: Right, Samo?
Samo: Woof!
Haruka: Then I'm glad. It wouldn't be fair if I ended up having all the fun.
Samo: *Whimper*
Haruka: Hm? What's wrong, Samo?
Minori: Wait, Samo, no! Don't chew on Haruka's skirt!
Minori: Sorry, Haruka...! I don't think he's ready to say goodbye yet...
Haruka: Hehe. I understand. Thanks, Samo.
Haruka: But it'll be dark soon. We can play again some other time.
Samo: Woof!
Haruka: Hehe. He's such a good dog.
Minori: (I'm glad Haruka got to have so much fun today.)
Minori: (I know she really loves penguins, but could it be that she just loves all animals?)
Minori: (In that case...!)
Minori: Haruka, there's actually someone I go on walks with pretty often!
Haruka: Like a friend?
Minori: Yeah, I'm pretty sure you already know her too. Honami from 1-B!
Haruka: Oh, Hoshino and Tenma's old friend...
Minori: Yeah, she has a Shiba Inu called Shibao! He's not as fluffy as Samo, but he has a really nice coat of fur!
Minori: I really want you to meet him too, Haruka!
Haruka: Ah, I see. I'd like to meet him if I can.
Minori: Great! I'll make sure you do someday!
(Black cut)
