268_Minori Hanasato_R2 The Hasty Messenger (event_31)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom]

Airi: Okay, Haruka and I are gonna start working out all the details for the graduation event.
Minori: Sound good! In the meantime, Shizuku and I will try to come up with lots and lots of quiz questions.
Shizuku: We may also want to give them some extra space to work.
Minori: Sure.
Airi: So I guess we're gonna have to ask the teachers to take over behind the camera for our stream...
Haruka: Right. How should we handle their angles and positions?
Haruka: We'll be moving around quite a bit, so it'd be strange to have them all locked into place.
Airi: That's true too... What if we did something like this?
Minori: (Those two are so amazing...)
Minori: (It's like they know exactly how to make an event as fun as it can be and where we need to be careful.)
Minori: (I hope that I'll be able to hold discussions like that with everyone someday...)
Minori: (No, I shouldn't hope! I have to believe that I will!)
Minori: (And I have to make sure I do as well as I can right now to make that happen!)
Shizuku: Okay, shall we start working on the quiz section?
Minori: Yes! I promise to do my best!
Shizuku: Hehe. You seem very excited about this, Minori. I promise to try my best too.
Shizuku: Let's begin with... Oh, Minori, have you had a chance to look through the reference materials we have about the elementary school we'll be visiting or its website?
Minori: Yeah, I'm all set! We're supposed to base the true or false quiz on that, right?
Shizuku: Yes. In that case, why don't we start coming up with some questions?
Minori: Okay!
(Black cut)
Minori: (Hmm... This is harder than I thought it would be...)
Minori: (These questions need to be easy enough so that elementary school students can answer, but we can't make them too easy either...)
Minori: (I'll try checking the school's website again. Now, where did I put my phone...?)
Minori: Wah!
Shizuku: Oh, this must be...
MEIKO: <Hey, Minori, Shizuku.>
Minori: MEIKO! Miku!
Miku (MMJ): <Sorry for the sudden interruption. We were wondering how things were going in terms of preparing for that event.>
Shizuku: Hehe. You came at just the right time. We happen to be working on that right now.
Shizuku: Airi and Haruka are working on how we'll actually be streaming this event along with scheduling and such...
Minori: And we're in the middle of coming up with quiz questions.
Miku (MMJ): <Oh, you said you're doing a true or false quiz with everyone... And it's all about the school, right?>
Minori: Yeah! Oh, I know!
Minori: What do you think about having Miku and MEIKO look through our quiz questions, Shizuku?
Minori: I've come up with a few already, but don't really feel all that great about them...
Shizuku: That's a wonderful idea! Would you two be okay with that?
MEIKO: <Sure, sounds fun♪>
Minori: Thanks! Okay, here's my first question...
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Any thoughts...?
MEIKO: <I thought it was very fun! My favorite was the one about the school being founded 500 years ago.>
Miku (MMJ): <Hehe. I liked the question about the school trip and how it's designed to have the older students know the answer.>
Minori: You did?! Thank goodness...
Miku (MMJ): <Oh, but...>
Minori: Was there something that caught your attention?
Miku (MMJ): <Well, it's nothing that major...>
Minori: That's totally okay! I want to hear all of your suggestions!
Minori: (This might be the only significant contribution I'll be able to make for this event!)
Miku (MMJ): <In that case... About the question that says the school was founded 500 years ago...>
Miku (MMJ): <The little ones may know what the number 500 is, but may not be able to comprehend just how long 500 years is...>
Shizuku: Yes, I see... The fifth and sixth-graders may be the only ones that can imagine what this area was like 500 years ago based on historical dating...
Miku (MMJ): <Right. I don't think it's necessarily bad in terms of a true or false quiz, but...>
Minori: Yeah, okay...
Minori: (500 years ago would've been the Azuchi-Momoyama era, right? That means...)
Minori: I know! What if we rewrote it to say that the school was made when there were lots and lots of samurai still around?
Miku (MMJ): <Oh, that sounds much better!>
MEIKO: <I agree. This should help give the little ones a better idea of what the question's asking!>
Shizuku: I think so too! Great idea, Minori!
Minori: No, you should be thanking Miku for making such great suggestions.
Minori: I think the rest of our questions should also be written like this. What do you think, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes, I agree completely!
MEIKO: <I'll help you two out as best I can♪>
Miku (MMJ): <Me too!>
Minori: Thanks, MEIKO, Miku!
Minori: Let's do this!
Minori: (I'm gonna do everything I can to make this as fun as it can be!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Gym]

Haruka: Looks like our stream's wrapped up. Great work, everyone.
Shizuku: Yes, everything went so well.
Minori: Finally, we're done. Thank goodness...
Airi: Hey, the stream might be over, but you're still an idol!
Airi: It's not like the students have gone anywhere, right?
Minori: Oh no! Y-You're right!
Student A: Haha! Minori's in trouble!
Minori: Haha...
Student B: ...
Minori: (Wait, they were on my team during tag. I wonder why they're staring at me like that?)
Minori: (They seem a little shy... A-Alright, I'll try talking to them!)
Minori: Um... Hi...
Student B: M-Minori...?!
Minori: Thanks for playing tag with me just now! I had a lot of fun!
Minori: (They smiled...! Thank goodness...!)
Student B: Um... Minori?
Minori: Y-Yes...?!
Student B: Can I get your autograph?
Minori: M-My autograph?!
Student A: She's doing autographs? I want one too!
Student C: Me too!
Students: Hey, no fair! We want autographs too!
Minori: Huh?! P-P-P-Please! Everyone, calm down...!
Airi: Right on cue... Look who's the kid magnet now.
Haruka: Hehe. Do you have a pen, Minori?
Minori: Yeah, I do but...!
Minori: M-My autograph's still a work in progress, so it might look a little funny...!
Student A: You don't have your own autograph? What kind of idol are you?
Minori: *Wince*
Student B: D-Don't tease Minori.
Student C: Yeah! If you don't have one, we can think of one together!
Minori: What?!
Shizuku: Oh, that's a wonderful idea.
Airi: Yeah, it totally is! Mind if we join in on the fun?
Minori: W-Wait, Shizuku?! Airi?!
Haruka: Hehe. I'd like to help as well.
Minori: You too, Haruka?!
Haruka: Why don't we all grab some pens and notebooks for our brainstorming session?
Students: Yeah!
Minori: How did this happen?!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Oh, Minori, some look like they've finished already.
Minori: R-Really?!
Shizuku: Oh, that's so cute. Please, take a look.
Minori: This is so exciting!
Student C: Minori, here!
Minori: Thank you. Oh, it says, Minori, and it's covered in flowers! That's so adorable!
Student A: Minori, I'm done too!
Minori: Really? Thank you! Oh, you've written out my full name! Thank you for remembering! I don't know what to say!
Student A: Hehe!
Airi: We've got another one over here.
Student B: Um... Minori...
Minori: Oh, did you think of one for me too? Mind if I take a look?
Student B: Uh... Here... I tried to make the M in Minori look like a clover...
Minori: You're right! It looks just like a clover now!
Minori: I love it! Thank you very much!
Student B: Hehe...
Minori: (They're all putting in so much effort for this... I'm speechless...!
Minori: (Hmm... I'd like to give back too, somehow... What can I do for them...?)
Minori: (What if, for example, Haruka came up with a sign for me and I do that autograph for her in return...?)
Minori: (That's it!)
Minori: Um, everybody...! Would it be okay if I tried using all of the autographs you just came up with?
Student B: Really? Even mine?!
Student A: Mine too?!
Minori: Yes, of course!
Minori: I'd like to give each of you a one-of-a-kind autograph as thanks for doing all this...
Minori: W-Would that be okay...?
Student A: One-of-a-kind?! That'd be awesome!
Student C: I want one too!
Minori: R-Really?! Thank you so much!
Haruka: That's a great idea, Minori!
Airi: Yeah! Oh, but you'll need some time to practice!
Minori: R-Right! I need to learn how to write all these...!
Minori: Okay! I'm gonna try my best!
Minori: Let's see, I do this and... There! I think?
Student C: Lemme see! Lemme see!
Airi: Yeah, let's have a look... Does the flower to the bottom-right look okay to you?
Student C: Maybe if it were a little more nice and round...
Minori: You got it! Nice and round...
Haruka: All of the sudden, Minori's become a bit hit with all the students.
Shizuku: She really has. I'm so glad for her.
Shizuku: But I also wish that we were still streaming. It would've been so nice to show everybody what we're seeing now...
Haruka: Oh, you're right. It would've been a great opportunity to show just how wonderful a person Minori really is.
Haruka: It's a little unfortunate... However...
Student C: Teacher, look...! Minori wrote the autograph I came up with just for me!
Haruka: ...
Haruka: I doubt these students will ever forget what Minori did for them today.
Shizuku: Yes, I agree!
Airi: Shouldn't you start a little higher, Minori? It might look a little funny in the end if you don't.
Minori: Oh, you're right! Thanks, Airi!
Minori: And... Done! Here you go!
Student B: Oh wow...!
Student B: Thank you so much, Minori! I'll treasure this forever!
Minori: You're very welcome!
(Black cut)
