291_Minori Hanasato_R4 Blessings From My Friends (event_36)

Gacha phrase: I want to catch up to all of you!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi)

[Diner]

Minori: Here's to a great practice!
Ichika, Kohane & Nene: Cheers!
Minori: I'd like to thank you again, Kohane, for letting us join your team for practice today!
Kohane: You're welcome. Getting to practice like this with everyone was so much fun!
Ichika: About that, Kohane. Are your practices always like that?
Kohane: Like how...?
Ichika: You know, how everyone seems a little nervous or on edge...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: Was it a little too tense for you?
Ichika: No, nothing like that. It's just, everyone was taking everything so seriously.
Minori: Yeah, you guys are all just able to say what's on your mind right then and there!
Nene: I noticed that too... You guys don't really hold back or try to coddle each other.
Nene: It's almost like it's hard to get mad when you're told something that bluntly.
Minori: But I thought that's really important!
Ichika: I agree. Being able to say what needs to be said or being willing to hear what you may not want to is no small feat.
Minori: Exactly! By doing that, you'll immediately get to know and even trust each other!
Kohane: Hehe. Thanks, Minori.
Ichika: Not only that, you guys are so detail-oriented.
Minori: Haha... Yeah, I kept getting warnings about not staying in rhythm or maintaining my pitch...
Nene: To be fair, that was on a level where regular people probably wouldn't have been able to tell if they heard you sing.
Nene: Still, Aoyagi has such good ears. Does he have a deep music background?
Kohane: Yeah, he does. He used to do classical piano and violin.
Minori: Th-That's amazing!
Minori: Does that mean Shiraishi and Shinonome can play instruments too...?
Kohane: No, not as far as I know...
Kohane: But An's liked music since she was little because her dad used to be a professional musician.
Kohane: We even formed our group in order to surpass this legendary event that he helped organize.
Kohane: Oh, Shinonome actually got into street music because of that event too.
Kohane: But he doesn't have much of a music background, so he had to learn everything on his own and practice so much.
Ichika: All of that on his own...?
Minori: I heard that your team's full of incredible people, but I didn't know just how incredible until we practiced together!
Minori: And you were brave enough to jump in with them! It's just so incredible!
Ichika: Hehe. Every other word you said just now was “incredible”, Minori.
Minori: I mean...!
Nene: In that sense, you're just as incredible, Hanasato.
Kohane: I agree. You're working alongside three idols who used to be really popular in MORE MORE JUMP!
Ichika: One of them being the Haruka Kiritani.
Minori: Hehe. Well...
Nene: Hm? Well what?
Kohane: Hehe. Kiritani's the idol you've been looking up to since you were little, right, Minori?
Minori: Yeah!
Nene: O-Okay?
Ichika: So she's like your hero...? It may take a while until you catch up to her.
Minori: That's the thing...
Minori: It's not just Haruka. Airi and Shizuku have been teaching me so much, but I still have such a long ways to go.
Minori: But every time I face a new hurdle, I tell myself to not give up and just keep going!
Ichika: I see...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (I know exactly how she feels. I've been chasing after Shiho this whole time.)
Minori: But...
Minori: They also keep telling me that MORE MORE JUMP! isn't MORE MORE JUMP! unless we're all together.
Minori: So no matter what it takes, I want to catch up to them!
Ichika: Minori... That's so great.
Kohane: Yeah, and we believe in you!
Nene: (Come to think of it, we don't really have that dynamic in our troupe...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (But Hanasato said that she's chasing after her hero, so maybe Ms. Kazamatsuri's that person in my case.)
Nene: It's like you're trying to beat a game on the hardest difficulty possible...
Kohane: I've felt that too actually... But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: We're all doing everything in our power to achieve our goals and make our dreams come true.
Minori: Right. And catching up to everyone else won't be easy.
Minori: But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: The people I care about most told me that they believe in me!
Minori: That's why I'm going to keep trying my best, no matter what.
Nene: I see...
Nene: Hehe. Your enthusiasm's so infectious. I feel like I need to keep trying my best now too.
Minori: Really?!
Minori: Hehe! Let's start by doing everything we can for the Fan Festival, Nene!
Nene: Okay.
Ichika: Since we're all here, shall we have a quick debrief and discuss what happened during practice today?
Kohane: Oh, I'd like that!
Minori: Me too! Let's do it!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: Hello!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, welcome, everyone♪
Airi: Hm? Did we catch you guys in the middle of a meeting?
Len: We were talking about doing a show with all of us in it.
Shizuku: Oh, that would be so spectacular.
MEIKO: Hehe. We still haven't actually made a decision yet.
Luka: Anyway, are you girls here to practice as usual?
Haruka: Yes, and we also have something to report. Minori, if you will.
Minori: Right! We just wanted to say that the Fan Festival is over and tell you all about it!
Rin: It is?! How'd it go?!
Minori: I thought I did really well for myself!
Minori: I felt really nervous at first and couldn't do what I did during practice, but managed to get back on track after that!
Minori: That was also when I realized just how much Haruka's been a source of support for me and how she's there to help each day.
Minori: Which is why we need to keep improving as idols...
Minori: We need to learn to become independent for everyone else's sake!
Rin & Len: Yeah!
Miku (MMJ): You can do it, Minori♪
MEIKO: We'll be rooting for you♪
Minori: Thanks, I promise to try my best!!
Luka: Hehe. It sounds like you gained some good experience through the Fan Festival.
Airi: Yeah, I'm glad we gave her the green light to do it!
Shizuku: Her circle of friends grew so much too. It looked like they had quite a bit of fun practicing for it.
Haruka: Hehe. They definitely seemed enthusiastic about it.
Airi: That means we need to use that enthusiasm as fuel for our practices!
Airi: So let's get started, Minori!
Minori: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Alright, we'll be waiting stage left.
Minori: Okay, I'll see you up there soon!
Len: Rin, you get that side!
Rin: I'm on it♪
Minori: Here we go! Also, Miku, Rin, Luka, thank you for doing this.
Luka: It's just a formation check for the dance you'll be doing during your stream, yes? Hehe. You can count on us.
Rin: Oh, Minori, is it true that you have your own solo for this dance?
Minori: Yeah, Airi and the others suggested that I give it a try!
Minori: This formation ties into that, so they'll be on standby while they wait for their cue.
Miku (MMJ): I see. I'm looking forward to seeing how this formation turns out♪
Rin: Me too♪
Luka: Me three♪
Everyone: Hehe. Haha.
Minori: Let's see. We stand here and...
Minori: Deep breath... Relax...
Miku (MMJ): Not only do you seem much more energetic than usual, Minori, but you also look so fired up now.
Minori: Hehe. It's all thanks to the Fan Festival.
Minori: It taught me that I'm still not where I need to be yet, but it also made me realize that I don't want to give up and want to keep chasing.
Rin: You mean after the others?
Minori: Yeah!
Rin: Minori...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Minori: The others are so great at being idols and I wanted to be just like them...
Minori: I knew that it wouldn't be easy either...!
Minori: But it feels like nothing I do is working. It feels like I'm never gonna be able to become a real idol like them...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Rin: ...
Miku (MMJ): Don't worry, Rin.
Rin: Huh...?
Miku (MMJ): You want her to know that she doesn't need to rush, no?
Miku (MMJ): But she should be just fine. I mean, look.
Rin: Oh...
Miku (MMJ): See how cute her smile is♪ You can't do that if you feel rushed.
Rin: Yeah, you're right!
Luka: Just keep making the most of each practice and I'm sure you'll catch up to the others in no time.
Minori: Okay, I will! I'll try to have more confidence in myself too!
Miku (MMJ): Great! And we'll be there every step of the way as you move forward.
Minori: Thanks, you guys, I really appreciate it!
(Black cut)
