330_Minori Hanasato_R4 Let's Do A Fan Meeting! (event_43)

Gacha phrase: A-Am I dreaming...?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[During break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haruka: Yeah, it'd be great to do an event where we can meet all of you...
Airi: I agree. I want to meet all of our fans too!
Shizuku: If we're going to do an event, it'd be nice to also do a meet and greet and a mini-concert.
Minori: A meet and greet and a mini-concert...?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: A real-life event... How do we make it so everyone can enjoy it?
Minori: I know! We could exchange presents and stuff since it'll take place on Christmas!
Minori: (I'm still not sure how Christmassy we can make this event, but I'll add it to my list of ideas.)
Minori: Okay, this should be enough ideas in addition to everything I came up with yesterday!
Minori: (That just leaves...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haruka: We'll have to find a venue, hire staff and work little by little to make it a reality...
Haruka: It'd be nice to perform at a large venue, but we'd have to think about how to actually book it and how many people will actually come to see us...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (A venue and staff... I wish I could help with that somehow...)
Minori: (Airi and Haruka have pretty much been taking care of all the ideas for our streams.)
Minori: (So if we are going to put on an actual event, I need to start finding ways to contribute too!)
Minori: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Alright, that should be enough practice for today...
Shizuku: Okay. Nice work, everyone.
Haruka: Nice work.
Minori: Yeah, great practice!
Minori: Um, there's something I'd like to discuss with all of you. Mind if we talk while we rest?
Haruka: Sure, what's up?
Minori: I'd like to know more about what we need to do and what kind of schedule we're looking at if we really do want to put on an event.
Minori: I have a vague idea of what goes on during meet and greets, mini-concerts and when CDs go on sale, but I don't really know what happens before all that.
Haruka: I see. We haven't really talked about that much, have we?
Haruka: Oh, also... I may not be the best person to ask since we're looking to do a much more modest event.
Airi: Yeah. ASRUN's nationwide tours saw tens of thousands of fans gather for each event, right?
Minori: That's right! What we need to do is gonna change based on the scale of our event.
Airi: Bullseye!
Airi: We could use the mini-concert I did at the mall with QT as an example. Wanna know more about that?
Shizuku: Oh, that means we get to hear all about what happened behind the scenes that time.
Minori: Yes, please!
Airi: Okay, let's start with how our manager told us that we'd be a mini-concert to celebrate our CD going on sale about two months in advance.
Airi: Our agency, along with the production company that helped us plan everything, pretty much focused on the core of the event, like sales quotas for CDs and where we'd be performing. 
Haruka: Big or small, it's important to have a set goal in mind when preparing for an event.
Minori: Right. Lemme jot that down...
Shizuku: How did you practice for it?
Airi: All the QT members would usually meet after work and stuff.
Airi: Also, there was only so much we could do in a day, but we also had two months to prepare for it.
Airi: On the day of, we met with the staff, our manager, our contacts from the mall...
Airi: Oh, the lead from the production company, some of their event staff and the MC too... So like seven or eight people in total.
Minori: Th-That sounds like so few!
Airi: Actually, we didn't even need that many. I mean, they even found an MC who could set the stage for us.
Haruka: They're usually very good at drawing everybody in, especially the people at the front, and warming up the crowd by doing light introductions for everyone.
Airi: Yeah, they can make a huge difference.
Shizuku: Come to think of it, Cheerful * Days usually had an MC do that for us at the start of our shows when we were just debuting.
Haruka: It sounds like both of your groups' agencies really wanted you to succeed. I mean, it's pretty rare to have an MC for a mini-concert like that.
Minori: Yes, I see...
Minori: Oh, I have a question about setting everything up at a venue. Does the staff take care of all of that?
Airi: Yeah, they do. But that's not all.
Airi: On top of having to move everybody around in an orderly manner, they have to make sure people aren't blocking any paths.
Airi: And once a show's over, they have to help sell CDs and merch. That staff takes care of all the crowd control so we can focus on our meet and greet.
Shizuku: Setting up a venue, crowd control, clearing paths, selling CDs and merch... They all juggle so much at once.
Airi: Yeah, which is why we can get away with having just a few for an event.
Airi: But that's about it from me. I wish I could tell you more about how they actually set up equipment and stuff...
Minori: Equipment setup? For the stage?
Airi: Yeah, that's right. It's always nice to be able to use a stage that's mostly set up to begin with...
Airi: But it might take a while to explain everything if we go down this rabbit hole.
Haruka: I agree. I'm sure we'll still have time to explain this after we know more about what we'll be doing for our event.
Shizuku: Hehe. I can't wait.
Minori: Me neither!
Minori: There's so much to do, but I'm really excited about being able to put on an actual event!
Haruka: Me too. We should probably start talking about what we'd like to do soon.
Airi: Hey, why don't we have a quick discussion about that before we head home?
Minori: Oh, I wanna start! I came up with lots and lots of ideas!
Airi: Way to take the initiative! But first, we should get changed before we all end up catching a cold.
Minori & Shizuku: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shibuya Okuyama Building - Basement Hall]

Saito: Okay, let's start taking everything down! We need to remain focused until the end so that we don't have any accidents.
Minori: Because an event isn't over until you get home!
Airi: You sound like an elementary schooler going on a field trip.
Staff: Haha.
Staff A: There! Just a little more to go!
Staff B: Yeah! We'll start picking up all the trash around the building!
Minori: Oh, I'll lend you guys a hand...
Haruka: Slow down, Minori. Let's leave it up to the staff this time.
Airi: Yeah, you never know when people are waiting for you at the exit.
Minori: W-Waiting for me...?!
Shizuku: Hehe. You look excited, Minori.
Minori: N-No, it's not what you think! I was just wondering what it would be like for that to happen, but you're right. We don't want to cause a fuss.
Minori: Th-Thank you for taking care of this! I'm sorry about not being able to lend you a hand!
Staff A: You can count on us, Minori!
Staff B: We'll make it so that this place shines even brighter than it did before the event!
Staff: We can't let them take all the credit!
Staff: Yeah, let's get to work!
Saito: We'll be moving some of the equipment now, so please be mindful if you're working by any doors or walkways!
Staff: Okay!
Staff: Please bring the mic stands here! Yes, all at once is fine!
Staff: I'll gather all the bolts and stuff. We can't be losing any of these.
Staff: Thanks! I was just looking for somewhere to put them!
Minori: Oh...
Minori: Whoa... They're cleaning everything up so fast!
Shizuku: Yes, they seem to know exactly what they're doing now.
Airi: Getting through this event seems to have given them all a much-needed boost in confidence.
Haruka: And I have a feeling that they've taken what Minori just said to heart. About how an event's not over until it's actually over...
Minori: ...! Hehe. I sure hope so.
Minori: Alright, I'm gonna go help clean up too!
(Black cut)
Minori: (Let's see... I'd like to help out somewhere that looks shorthanded... Oh!)
Minori: (It's Yuina! Is she trying to move that table by herself? Now's my chance...!)
Minori: Yuina, let me help you!
Yuina: Sure... M-Minori?!
Yuina: Thank you very much, but this is really heavy. I'd feel awful about making an idol carry anything heavier than a mic...
Minori: No, it's okay! We're the ones that asked our fans to do all this for us, so think of it as me returning the favor!
Yuina: Huh? Oh...
Yuina: Hehe. Okay! In that case, I accept!
Minori: Great! We can do this together!
(Black cut)
Minori: Phew... That should be the last of the folding chairs.
Yuina: Thank you so much for your help, Minori.
Minori: No, I should be the one saying that.
Minori: Thank you again for helping us out today, Yuina! I really appreciate it!
Yuina: What? No, please...! Thank you for letting me help out today!
Yuina: I'm usually only able to show my support by buying CDs and merchandise, or by cheering during shows...
Yuina: But I'm so happy that I was able to directly help you all out like this! It was an incredible experience!
Minori: I-It was...?! You're okay with seeing your favorite idols carry around folding chairs like this...?
Yuina: Of course! It was a great experience because I got to see you doing everything you could for us...
Yuina: You did everything you could to give us hope.
Yuina: Hehe. I actually started to tear up a little when the event started because I was so moved.
Minori: Yuina...
Yuina: So I'd like to help you out and show my support again if I ever get that chance!
Minori: Okay... Yeah! Thank you so much!
Minori: I don't really know what things are gonna be like next time, but I promise to pay it forward and do everything I can to spread more and more hope!
(Black cut)
