392_Minori Hanasato_R4 Passionate Talk! (event_52)

Gacha phrase: Here's the first costume I'd like to show you!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Minori's Room]

Minori: Our very own stage outfits...
Minori: This is a dream come true! I can't believe we actually get to design them ourselves...!
Minori: And if we end up using my design, that means I'll get to see Haruka singing and dancing while wearing it!
Minori: *Squeal* That'd be beyond amazing...!
Minori: No, now's not the time for that...! This is about our outfits! This is about MMJ!
Minori: Still...
Minori: A girl can dream, right? Hehe...
Minori: Anyway, I'll start by going through the designs I've already drawn and seeing if anything will work for us!
Minori: Let's see. Where's my notebook...?
Minori: Oh, lots of ribbons would be nice... But so would frills like this one!
Minori: However, the one I have on the next page might suit Airi and Shizuku better...
Minori: Wait...! I have a feeling this might be a good idea!
Minori: Alright, let's get drawing! I'll use the next page to redesign it and... Hm?
Minori: Why's there an equation written here...?
Minori: Hang on... Oh noooooo!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Minori: *Sob*
Kohane: Just a little bit more to go, Minori! You can do it!
Shiho: Minori's been sobbing for a while now. Is something wrong?
Kohane: She's in the middle of copying over all the designs for outfits she accidentally drew in her math notebook.
Shiho: She doodled in her notebook for class...?
Shiho: Also, why's she copying them by hand? Can't she just use a copy machine?
Kohane: She apparently drew them on every page and won't have enough money to buy CDs this month if she has them copied, so she's resorted to this.
Shiho: What? You're kidding, right...?
Minori: F-Finally! I'm done...!
Kohane: Congratulations, Minori! I know it wasn't easy.
Shiho: Congrats, I guess. But you also reap what you sow.
Minori: Hahaha...
Minori: But I got each design back onto its own page! That should make it easier for me to work on my idea for the design competition, so it's all good!
Shiho: Design competition...?
Shiho: Oh, right. Shizuku mentioned something about that.
Minori: Oh, that must mean she's already working on her idea too!
Minori: I'm sure she's told you all about it already, but we've decided to design our own stage outfits.
Minori: We're each gonna come up with a design and have our fans vote for their favorite one!
Kohane: I still can't believe you're getting to design your own outfits.
Shiho: Yeah. So, got any good ideas?
Minori: What?! You wanna hear about my design...?!
Shiho: Uh oh...
Minori: Let me start with... This one! The skirt's supposed to tease everyone a little by sort of floating in the air when you dance and stuff!
Minori: This is the most important part! It has three layers starting at the waistline that move differently but fluffily depending on what you do!
Minori: I'm hoping to make it so the lengths of our skirts and their fluffiness match who we are individually!
Minori: Also, Haruka likes penguins and Airi likes cats, so I want to work in some animal motifs to make this outfit even cuter!
Shiho: O-Okay... I can tell you put a lot of effort into this...
Minori: You can? Yay!
Kohane: It really is a cute outfit. Is this going to be a submission?
Minori: About that... I'm really confident about this design but not really sure if I want this to be my submission.
Minori: I still think there are other good ideas out there, so I'm gonna keep trying out different things!
Minori: For example, this! A dress with pretty much no shoulders!
Kohane: Wow, this one's so much more mature! But it's incredible how it captures that cuteness all idols possess.
Minori: See? See?
Minori: Then there's... This! A slightly sexier outfit that shows off your midriff a little!
Kohane: Oh, this one's really cute too! I can see why you're having such a hard time going with just one.
Shiho: Yeah, but hang on... Why are these all blue?
Minori: Um, that's because...
Minori: I want to make sure the outfits I design look good on Haruka... Hehe...
Shiho: I see.
Kohane: Hehe. I'm sure you'll come up with a wonderful outfit, Minori.
Minori: Thanks!
Minori: Alright, I'm gonna pack my design with more and more and more cuteness to make sure our fans pick it!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: See you next time, everyone!
Minori: Bye bye!
(Black cut)
Airi: Great stream, everyone!
Minori: That went so well! Also, Shizuku, congratulations on getting your design chosen!
Shizuku: Thank you, Minori.
Shizuku: I still can't believe mine got chosen. Especially considering how lovely your designs were.
Airi: I mean, we all worked really hard on them just for today.
Airi: But in the end, Shizuku, I genuinely felt that your design's the one that would propel us forward.
Minori: Yeah, me too! I can't wait to put on a show while wearing your outfit!
Haruka: Hehe. I can't wait either.
Shizuku: All of you...
Shizuku: At the same time, I don't want your wonderful ideas you came up with to go to waste. That'd be too much of a shame, don't you think...?
Shizuku: Some of our viewers even said so themselves.
Airi: Yeah, I get how you feel... If I'm gonna be honest, one outfit probably won't be enough...
Haruka: If that's the case, why don't we keep working on our outfits with our fans alongside Shizuku's...?
Haruka: Hers will obviously take priority, but it'll be a good opportunity for us to think beyond the present.
Minori: Th-That's a great idea! I'm 100%... No, 1000% for it!
Minori: That way, I won't have to give up on my dream of Haruka wearing the angel outfit I designed!
Airi: Wow... You just can't help yourself, can you...?
Minori: Times like these, it's best to look at things from a fan's perspective!
Shizuku: Yes, I agree! It's important to think about how they'll see us in these outfits.
Minori: Yeah, exactly!
Minori: Oh, also... Something's been on my mind the entire time I was designing my outfit.
Shizuku: Like another idea?
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: This time, we had a chance to see what our fans thought when it came to our designs.
Minori: So, I thought it'd be nice if we could have them design some stuff for us too.
Minori: Because I'm sure there are others out there who are thinking, “I want to see them sing and dance while wearing the outfit I designed!”
Airi: Yeah, Minori might be right.
Shizuku: Yes, I think it's a wonderful idea.
Minori: Woohoo! How about you, Haruka?!
Haruka: I agree with them.
Haruka: They might be able to come up with a great design or find a way to present us in an even better light because they'll be seeing things from their perspective.
Minori: Yes! Haruka, you really understand...!
Haruka: However, we can't always be asking them for favors like we did during our event the other day.
Minori: Huh?
Haruka: We're asking for their help, which means we should be compensating them accordingly.
Minori: Oh...
Airi: She's right. I mean, we got together what we could for our last event.
Airi: But it's not exactly a fair trade considering how much they all had to work.
Haruka: We're trying to spread and inspire hope in others, so we need to buckle up when it comes to these kinds of things...
Shizuku: I agree. We may not be able to do so now, but it is something we'll have to seriously consider.
Minori: Yeah...
Minori: (I was so happy when I heard we'd be putting on our own event and designing our own outfits...)
Minori: (But we can't keep waiting for them to throw a gift in our lap.)
Minori: So... Does that mean we shouldn't have them make our outfits for us?
Haruka: No, I don't think so.
Haruka: You said it yourself, Minori. It'll be a fun experience for them and a dream come true for some.
Minori: A-Are you sure?
Airi: Yeah. Hearing design ideas from them isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Airi: We just need to make sure everyone's compensated for their work once it's all said and done.
Shizuku: And we'll want to discuss a matter such as this sooner rather than later.
Haruka: Exactly. We can set aside some time for that when we get to that bridge.
Minori: Okay!
Haruka: But that also means we'll need to work out all the details for Shizuku's design.
Minori: Especially if we want to have them for our next show!
Airi: Precisely!
Airi: So ask us for help if you ever think you need it, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Thank you. I will.
Minori: (Compensation, huh...?)
Minori: (Those three are so professional. It's like they know exactly what do to and where to be careful...)
Minori: (Even if it's little by little, I want to learn how to think like that too!)
(Black cut)
