415_Minori Hanasato_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: They're here to celebrate with me...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[The day before Minori's birthday]

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: So excited...
Rin: Minori! Girls! Thanks for waiting!
Miku (MMJ): Let's get Minori's pre-birthday show on the road♪
Minori: Oh wow...!
Minori: I wasn't expecting you guys to celebrate my birthday with a show like this!
Haruka: Hehe. Aren't you glad you asked, Minori?
Airi: To be fair, it's not every day that you get to have Miku and the others personally celebrate something for you like this.
Minori: Yeah...! *Gasp*
Minori: Wh-What if this is all a dream?! Shizuku, pinch my cheek just in case!
Shizuku: Y-Your cheek? Um... Like this...?
Minori: *Laugh* Th-That tickles...!
Airi: What are you doing to her...?
Miku (MMJ): Minori! Girls! Let's all cheer together!
Minori: Okay!
Haruka: Alright, let's all give them something to cheer about!
Shizuku & Airi: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Minori: Miku! Everyone! That was such a fun show!
Minori: Just the thought of you singing for me fills my heart with so much joy...!
Minori: All songs that I really like too. Your performance was exciting from start to finish...!
Minori: I promise to replay this show over and over again in my head to make sure I never forget!!
Miku (MMJ): We're glad you liked it so much♪
Luka: Yes. Especially since we did our best to include as many of your favorite songs, effects and such into today's show, Minori.
Minori: Wait, that was deliberate?! You did that just for me?!
Airi: Impressive. At this point, it's like a once-in-a-lifetime performance.
Minori: Yeah...!
Minori: Miku, Rin, Luka, MEIKO, Len, KAITO... Thank you all so much for doing this!!
Len: You're very welcome. We're happy that we got this opportunity to celebrate your birthday before anyone else.
KAITO: Yes, we are. It's always worth putting on a show for someone we've come to know so well.
MEIKO: I agree♪ It'd be great to do something like this again for Haruka, Shizuku and Airi's birthdays.
Haruka: Really? That's a very tempting offer.
Miku (MMJ): We hope you get to celebrate and enjoy your birthday tomorrow with all of your friends and family, Minori!
Minori: Me too, Miku! Thanks, you guys! And again, thank you for today's show!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Minori's birthday]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Is there anything else we need to go over for your birthday stream today?
Minori: N-No, I don't think so!
Minori: *Sigh* But I still don't really think our fans are gonna be interested in my birthday...
Minori: *Sob* What if we have zero viewers?!
Airi: Oh, you... There's no way that's gonna happen.
Shizuku: She's right, Minori. Let's just take a deep breath. Here, I'll join you. Relax. Relax...
Minori: O-Okay... Breathe in... Breathe out... Relax... Relax...
Airi: Also, I'm sure you'll feel a lot better once your little birthday bonanza starts.
Minori: Huh? What birthday bonanza?
Airi: Oh, nothing. Anyway, Shizuku, let's head back to class.
Shizuku: Okay♪
Minori: ...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-A]

Minori: Morning!
Kohane: Morning, Minori!
Saki & Emu: Good morning!
Minori: S-Saki?! Emu?! What are you two...?! Wait, huh?!
Minori: What?! What are you all...?!
Haruka: Hehe. Why else but to celebrate your birthday?
Haruka: Ready, everyone?!
Haruka: Happy birthday, Minori!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Classmates: Happy birthday, Minori!
Minori: Oh wow...!! Y-You guys...!
Saki: Hehe. Surprised?
Emu: We had Airi and the others help us get this all set up☆
Minori: Really?! I had no idea! Thank you all so much!
Kohane: An said she wants to celebrate too, Minori, and sent me a message to read to you.
Kohane: <Happy birthday! I should have time to watch your birthday stream today, so I'll be looking forward to it!> I can't wait for your birthday stream too.
Minori: You're both gonna watch it?! Thank you so much! Oh, write as many comments as you like too!
Kohane: I will! I'll make sure to tell An that!
Emu: Oh, me next! I'll read the message Nene sent!
Emu: <Happy birthday. I know we've both been busy lately, but I hope we get another chance to practice singing again.>
Saki: Here's one from Tsukasa. <Ah, it's Hanasato's birthday?! Please wish her a happy birthday for me!>
Minori: Thanks, Saki! Also, you sounded just like Tsukasa!
Shiho: Really?
Ichika: Oh, before we forget. We should give you the presents we got you.
Honami: We went out shopping together and chose whatever made us think, “This is the one!”
Shiho: We chose things that seemed practical, so we hope you get a chance to use them.
Shizuku: Oh, the presents you said were giving you some trouble? I'm glad you found something nice.
Shizuku: By the way, Shii, what did you get her...?
Airi: Hey, this is between them, not you!
Shizuku: B-But! Shii! Minori!
Shiho: Sorry about that...
Minori: Haha. It's okay. I know that's just how Shizuku is.
Haruka: Hehe. Yeah.
Minori: (Miku and the others gave me that wonderful show yesterday, and today, all my friends are here to celebrate my birthday with me!)
Minori: (That just leaves...)
Minori: (Our fans... I want them to enjoy this day too.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Airi & Haruka's Voices: Good evening, everyone.
Haruka's Voice (Haruka): Thank you for joining us for Minori's birthday stream.
Airi's Voice (Airi): The screen's probably still black, but I hope you can hear us.
Comment: <I hear you!> <You scared me there for a sec lol!> <Can't wait to see what happens!>
Airi's Voice (Airi): We actually have a little surprise in store for you, which we decided to call...
Haruka's Voice (Haruka): “Let's Find Out How She Feels Right Now!”
Haruka's Voice (Haruka): We'll be pulling a little prank on Minori to hear how she really feels about finally getting to celebrate her birthday as an idol.
Airi's Voice (Airi): But we'll be interviewing her live, so there is a chance that she'll freeze up on us.
Haruka's Voice (Haruka): In any case, we hope you'll stay tuned until the end! Here we go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haruka's Room]

Shizuku: Oh, Airi, Haruka, welcome back.
Airi: We're back with the drinks! Here's your oolong tea, Shizuku. Minori, here's your orange juice.
Minori: Thanks, I'm parched! *Gulp*
Haruka: Wait, if you drink that much, it'll...!
Minori: Guh...! W-Went down the wrong pipe... *Cough*
Shizuku: Oh no! Are you okay, Minori?
Airi: We tried to warn you...
Airi: (But this is our chance. Haruka, let's hide the camera.)
Haruka: (Right... It can go between the plushies on this shelf...)
Comment: <What?! Won't she see it if it's that close?!> <I'm worried about what Minori's gonna say lol.> <What's gonna happen? I can't wait...>
Airi: (Alright, the camera's all set! Now, Minori...)
Minori: Geez, that was scary. Thanks for rubbing my back, Shizuku.
Shizuku: You're welcome. I'm glad you're okay.
Haruka: (Thank goodness. Still...)
Haruka: Are you still a little nervous, Minori?
Minori: Yeah... I mean, it's not just a regular stream. It's my birthday stream, right?
Minori: Do you really think everyone will watch it...? Wait, how much time do we have until we start?!
Haruka: The clock's over there. We still have fifteen minutes.
Airi: (However, we set that clock to run a bit slow. In reality, the stream's already started.)
Comment: <Whoa! Nice plan!> <When's Minori gonna figure everything out?> <I'm looking forward to hearing what she says.>
Haruka: That reminds me. Didn't you say that you want to read some messages from our fans to get more comfortable?
Minori: Oh, right! I was so surprised by how many we got!
Minori: I sort of couldn't believe there were so many for me! I reread a lot of them thinking maybe they were sent to the wrong person.
Shizuku: Hehe. They were definitely all addressed to you, Minori.
Shizuku: But it wasn't just you, Minori. We received some lovely messages as well.
Minori: Yeah! From everyone who helped us with our last event, right...?!
Minori: One person even said in a post-script that they know what they want to do in life now!
Haruka: What they want to do in life?
Minori: Yeah! Um... I wrote it down somewhere to tell everyone during a stream... Oh, here it is!
Minori: <I've become really interested in putting together shows after working with MORE MORE JUMP!>
Minori: <My new goal is to become a professional at this and support MMJ! I realized that being there for all of you is what makes me happy!>
Haruka: That's so sweet.
Minori: I know, right?!
Minori: That really made me believe that idols have the power to spread hope to others!
Shizuku: Hehe. After receiving so much hope from Haruka no less.
Minori: Exactly! More hope than I can ever measure!
Minori: That's why I want to keep spreading as much hope as I possibly can to everyone!
Haruka: Minori...
Airi: In that case, you'll have to keep getting better at dancing.
Minori: I will! I don't care how hard a particular routine is! I'm gonna keep trying my best!
Airi: Good. That's the spirit!
Comment: <Nice one, Minori!> <Just don't slip and fall lol...> <I believe in you, Minori!>
Haruka: Alright, as fun as this conversation is, it's about time we started.
Minori: Oh, our stream! You said we have fifteen minutes... Wait, we're not late, are we?
Airi: We're fine. See, look at the... Huh?! Wait, that clock's running fifteen minutes slow!
Minori: Hold on, it can't be... You're right!! It's different from what my phone says!!
Minori: Wh-Wh-Wh-What do we do?! We're supposed to be spreading hope! Isn't this just gonna make everyone worry about us?!
Shizuku: Actually, no♪ The thing is...
Haruka: Ta-daa! Our stream's already underway!
Minori: Huh...?
Haruka: Hehe. Ready?
Shizuku, Haruka & Airi: You've been pranked♪
Minori: Whaaat?!
Comment: <She fell right for it.> <Great reaction, Minori lol!> <That was so cute, Minori!>
Minori: We're already streaming?! Since when?!
Haruka: When Airi and I went to get drinks.
Haruka: Our goal was to hear how you really feel right now given the situation.
Minori: O-Oh, okay! I didn't say anything weird, did I?!
Shizuku: Hehe. You did a wonderful job. Thank you for sharing with us.
Shizuku: Also, thank goodness. I don't have much experience with these sorts of pranks, so I'm glad it went over well.
Airi: Yeah, I'm honestly not really sure where you'd fit into a prank like this.
Haruka: Now, a question for our viewers. How was it?
Comment: <That was great. She had the perfect reaction too!> <Minori's such a thoughtful person.> <She really seems like an idol now.>
Minori: Oh...
Minori: Hehe...
Airi: Alright, you guys! I'm glad you liked our little prank, but you haven't forgotten what day it is, right?!
Airi: Everyone, on my count! One, two...!
Airi, Shizuku & Haruka: Happy birthday, Minori! Minori! Happy birthday!
Comment: <Happy birthday!> <Happy birthday, Minori!> <You're doing great today, Minori!>
Minori: Oh wow! So many comments...!
Minori: (They're here to celebrate with me...!)
Minori: *Sob* Thank you all so much!
Minori: I know I'm still just getting started as an idol!
Minori: But I promise to keep trying more and more and more to become an idol who can spread and inspire hope in others, like Haruka, Airi and Shizuku!
Minori: I absolutely promise!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000067/bg_s000067.webp)
Ichika: Happy birthday, Minori! Do you like the cosmetics we got you?
Honami: We got them hoping that you'd have a chance to use them. We even asked Kiritani about what might work best.
Shiho: Lip gloss, eye shadow, mascara and blush... I'm not gonna lie, this was my first time properly shopping for these things.
Saki: You're telling me! I kept suggesting all these different ones and you just kept saying, “I can't decide. They all seem fine.”
Ichika: I think that's just her way of saying how much she values Minori as a classmate.
Honami: Right. Hanasato, I hope you, Kohane and Shiho get to keep having fun together.
Shiho: Are you my big sister now too, Honami?
Saki: Haha! Of course, that includes us too♪ So again, happy birthday!
An: Happy birthday, Minori! I saw your stream! They really got you good, huh!
An: And the face you made when you realized what just happened was so adorable!
Kohane: It really was! I enjoyed your birthday stream too, Minori. Let's talk again at school!
Nene: Um... Happy birthday, Hanasato. I'm sure Emu already told you, but I hope we get another chance to practice singing again soon.
Emu: Oh, Nene! We have this Saturday off! Now's your chance!
Nene: What?! Th-That might be too soon. I don't think I'm ready yet...! I... Um... I'll let you know again later!
Shizuku: Your birthday stream was so wonderful, Minori.
Shizuku: I know our prank caught you by surprise, but I'm glad you enjoyed the rest of the stream.
Airi: Yeah, especially considering how anxious you were getting when you realized we had to start soon.
Haruka: Right. But am I right in saying that all the thoughtful words and messages our fans sent you became a nice source of confidence?
Shizuku: I hope so too.
Airi: Minori! The four of us are gonna keep doing everything we can as MORE MORE JUMP!
Haruka: That's right. We're in this together, so we'll always have each other when we face those really tough hurdles!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Between Miku, Kohane, our fans, everyone... They showered me with so many kind and thoughtful words.
Minori: Which means I have to give back as much hope as possible! Because I'm an idol now!
Minori: I'm gonna keep doing absolutely everything I can to spread and inspire hope in everyone as Minori Hanasato, a member of MORE MORE JUMP!
Minori: So! I'll be counting on your support!
(White cut)
