459_Minori Hanasato_R4 Falling With Honor (event_63)

Gacha phrase: Haha... I'm the one who ended up falling.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

[SpoJoy Park]

Minori: Oh noooo!!
Ena: Huh?!
Ichika: Minori? What's the matter?
Minori: Look! Over there! That claw machine!
Minori: I thought so! It's usually six tries for 500 yen, but you get eight tries if you go now!
Ena: Oh, you're right! Why didn't the machine we used just earlier give us this kind of deal?
Minori: But I've got a good feeling about this one...!
Kanade: Do you want to give it another try, Hanasato?
Minori: Yeah, I want another go at PenPyon! Would that be alright?
Ena: I say why not? I'm still a bit salty over our last attempt.
Ichika: Sure, we can make a stop before we head out.
Minori: Thank you!! Alright, we're definitely getting it this time!
(Black cut)

[Arcade]

Minori: Careful... Careful...
Kanade: Okay, that looks like a good spot.
Minori: Alright, we should be able to make it stand up and roll over...!
Kanade: Oh, it's pushing PenPyon up a bit.
Minori: Yeah! Now it just needs to roll over and...!
Minori: No, it's stuck standing! It's not moving like we expected!
Minori: How are you doing, Ena...?
Ichika: Oh wow! She got the claw around the entire plushie!
Ena: Good! This should...
Ena: What? Why wasn't it able to get a hold of it?! There's totally something wrong with this machine!
Minori: I guess you're having trouble too.
Ena: Trouble? No, this machine's the problem! If that's how it's gonna play...!
Ichika: Your phone...? What do you plan on doing, Ena...?
Ena: One of my brother's friends is really good at winning stuff from claw machines, so I'm gonna ask about what we should do through him!
Ena: I'll send a pic over of your machine too, Minori!
Minori: Really?! Thanks!
Ena: Alright, for now, once more!
Minori: I'm gonna try my best too!
Ichika: And we'll be here cheering you on.
Kanade: Hehe. Okay.
(Black cut)
Minori: No... I still can't get it!!
Ichika: You're both so close too...
Ena: Oh, I got reply from my brother...! There's a part about your machine too, Minori!
Minori: Really?!
Ena: Let's see... In your case, Minori... You're supposed to grab it by the hat on its head and gradually move it towards the prize chute.
Minori: Its hat?! Yeah, it's true that PenPyon's wearing a little top hat...
Ichika: What if you're supposed to do that because the hat's sturdier than the plushie itself? That way even if the arm is weak, you could still get it to move.
Minori: Oh, now I see! I'm gonna give it a try, Ena!
Ena: Okay, I think I've got a good idea too, so I'm gonna get back to it.
Ena: Sorry, Ichika, but can you stand next to the machine to spot how my claw's lining up?
Ichika: Yes, of course.
Kanade: I'm not sure if I'll be of any help, but... Would you like me to do the same...?
Minori: Really?! Yes, please!
Kanade: Okay.
Minori: Alright, here goes nothing! Aim for the hat... First, my horizontal position...
Minori: Next, Kanade, my vertical position!
Kanade: Okay, I'll tell you when to stop.
Minori: ...
Kanade: Just a little bit more...
Kanade: There...!
Minori: Okay! H-How does it look...?!
Kanade: Yes, it seems good.
Minori: Alright, now we just need to get the claw to hook onto the top hat...!
Kanade: ...! It got the hat...
Minori: It's up...! Even though it wouldn't budge at all when we tried to get it to roll over...
Minori: That was amazing! It's a lot closer to the chute now! Two more tries tops and I think we've got it!
Kanade: Right. Let's keep this up.
Minori: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: Good morning!
Shizuku: Good morning, Minori.
Airi: Hey, you seem pretty happy today.
Haruka: Yeah, did something good happen?
Minori: Hehe. Check out this picture...! Especially you, Haruka!!
Shizuku: What picture?
Haruka: Wait... Th-That's...! PenPyon?!
Minori: Yup! We got it from a claw machine at SpoJoy Park!
Airi: SpoJoy Park...? The sports facility by the station? Hang on. Did you go there just to get this?
Minori: Remember how I went out to exercise with Kanade? The thing is... 
(Black cut)
Haruka: Really? So, you went to SpoJoy Park with Hoshino and a couple others.
Minori: Yeah! We went to the arcade and got in some exercise by rollerblading, playing bubble sumo and stuff.
Airi: Still, I'm surprised. I didn't think Ena would be interested in exercising since she prefers to stay at home most of the time.
Shizuku: I see. Wait, didn't she mention something about swelling in her feet or ankles when we messaged her the other day?
Airi: Yeah, she did say that! That might be why she thought that she needed to exercise.
Minori: Yeah, I think so.
Minori: Kanade also said that she wanted to increase her stamina so that she can keep composing music...
Haruka: Increase her stamina to compose music?
Minori: Yeah...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: And we can do something less strenuous and more fun this time! Maybe something simple, like the trampoline!
Kanade: Fun...
Kanade: Sorry, but I'd like to do something a bit more challenging...
Minori: Really? But...
Kanade: I appreciate the concern you're showing for me, but since I'm here, I want to increase my stamina as much as I can.
Kanade: Because if I don't, I would've skipped working on music for nothing.
Minori: Kanade...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (Kanade had such a serious look on her face that time.)
Minori: (I guess it's a testament to just how much composing music means to her...)
Minori: (But it was nice to see her having so much fun when we played strike zone together.)
Haruka: Minori...?
Minori: Huh?! I'm sorry...! What you said reminded me of something.
Minori: Oh, also...
Minori: If it's alright with you, Haruka, I'd like you to have this PenPyon!
Haruka: What? I'm speechless... But you worked really hard to get it, right?
Minori: Yes, very!
Minori: We thought we could get it initially by rolling it to the chute, but that didn't go so well!
Minori: Then, Ena asked her brother's friend who's good at winning stuff from claw machines for some advice!
Minori: We took their advice and I had Kanade help me with the timing and stuff... And voila! We got it!
Haruka: I see...
Minori: Yes, we worked really hard to get it, but it's also why I want it to go to someone who'll take good care of it. So, what do you say?
Haruka: Thank you, Minori...
Haruka: After working so hard to get it, I couldn't be happier to hear that you believe I'll take good care of it.
Haruka: But... I can't accept your PenPyon.
Minori: Whaaat?! Wh-Why not?!
Haruka: You just said so yourself just now, right? How winning it was a collective effort.
Haruka: Because you all worked together to get that PenPyon, I think it should stay with you as a reminder of how much fun you all had at SpoJoy Park.
Haruka: I also have to think that PenPyon would like the same since you worked so hard to get it, no?
Minori: H-Haruka...!!
Haruka: But if it's alright with you, Minori, I'd like to see it the next time I visit your house.
Minori: Yeah, of course...!
Shizuku: That's so nice of you, Haruka.
Shizuku: Not only did you think about how Minori would feel, you also took PenPyon's feelings into consideration.
Airi: Hehe. Yeah.
(Black cut)
