484_Minori Hanasato_R3 Smoothies Blended With Feelings (event_67)

Gacha phrase: I-It's better than I expected...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Beach]

Airi: Alright, let's move on to our next activity!
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: Yay!
Minori: (What do we get to do next...?! I'm sure it's gonna be something our viewers will really enjoy like the banana boat activity we just did...!)
Airi: For our next challenge, we'll be...
Airi: Smashing watermelons!!
Minori: W-Woo...hoo...?
Comments: <Uh, that seems kinda dull lol.> <That sounds more like playing than training.>
Airi: Heh heh heh. This exercise is actually pretty tricky and involves three people working together as a team.
Minori: Three people working together?
Airi: That's right! I'll start by explaining the rules, so listen carefully!
Shizuku: Okay♪
Airi: One person will be blindfolded while trying to smash the watermelon as per normal.
Airi: Another person will be allowed to guide the smasher by tugging them along using their hands and such. However, they won't be allowed to speak!
Shizuku: Guiding the blindfolded person while not being allowed to speak sounds incredibly difficult...
Haruka: I agree. Not being able to see is already pretty scary, so it might be tough to move in the right direction unless you really trust your guide.
Minori: R-Right... I get why teamwork is so important here now...
Airi: Finally, the third person will act as the messenger who will be allowed to speak, but that's all they'll be able to do. They won't be allowed to guide the others by touching them.
Haruka: So, because the guide isn't allowed to speak, the messenger will have to relay information to the smasher?
Shizuku: It sounds like they'll be receiving plenty of support. Won't that make things too easy?
Airi: Hehe. Yeah, you'd think so.
Airi: But what if the watermelon's placed 500 meters away?
Minori: What?! 500 meters?!
Airi: With a time limit of...three minutes!
Haruka: That's not a lot of time... And being on the beach makes it just that much harder to cover such a distance.
Airi: Hehe. Did you really think that I was gonna make this challenge easy to clear?
Comments: <I'm sorry for doubting you...> <I love Airi's smug face.> <This is impossible, right?>
Airi: Oh, I'll also have you rotate roles, so you'll each get a chance to try all of them.
Airi: Now, let's draw straws to decide who's gonna be doing what for our first round!
Minori: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Airi: Alright, our first smasher's gonna be... Shizuku!
Shizuku: Hehe. That means I'm going to be blindfolded, yes?
Minori: You sound pretty excited about that, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Oh, can you tell? I really haven't had many chances to smash watermelons throughout my life.
Shizuku: Even when I had the opportunity to do so for a TV program, my manager would always say that I wasn't allowed to be the smasher.
Airi: Oh, because your sense of direction's so bad...? How you might get your left from your right confused even if you're given the correct directions...?
Shizuku: Yes, that's right.
Haruka: Which means I'm going to have to do a good job of guiding Shizuku around...
Minori: D-Don't worry, Haruka! I'll do my best to say the right things!
Haruka: Alright, Minori, I'll be counting on you.
Minori: *Gasp* O-Okay!
Minori: (H-Haruka's counting on me...!)
Minori: (It took me a bunch of tries to complete the banana boat challenge...)
Minori: (So, I've gotta produce some good results on my first try for this one!)
Airi: Shizuku, I'll blindfold you after you make your way to the starting line.
Shizuku: Okay, thank you. Oh, by the way, where's the smashing stick?
Airi: Ah, you won't actually be smashing the watermelon since you'll all be rotating roles.
Airi: A beach ball that looks like a watermelon will be there instead of the real one. Your goal will simply be to reach it!
Minori: I see... Then, what about the actual watermelon?
Airi: I have one being chilled right now. We'll have some of it later once we've finished training.
Airi: And it'll taste just that much better if you put a good effort into this activity!
Minori & Shizuku: Right!
Airi: Also, the person not participating in this activity will be in charge of filming and commentating.
Airi: As such, I'll be behind the camera first and doing my best to capture some highlight reels of all of you!
Comments: <Cool! Looking forward to hearing Airi's colorful commentary!> <Please be careful not to trip and fall, Shizuku!> <Do your best, Minori!>
Minori: Thanks, everyone! I promise to do my best!
Airi: Alright, ready?
Shizuku: I'm ready!
Minori: Shizuku, you're facing the sea. The camera's this way!
Shizuku: Oh, okay. Thank you, Minori.
Minori: No problem! I'll try to guide you like this, okay?!
Airi: Okay, let's get started...
Airi: Ready...?
Airi: Start!
Shizuku: Let's do our best, everyone!!
Minori: Yeah! So, let's start by going straight... Huh?!
Minori: Sh-Shizuku, you're going too fast!!
Haruka: (She's almost up to running speed! While blindfolded!)
Comments: <Huh? She's blindfolded, right?> <How's she able to go so fast?!>
Airi: Here we go! Some drama straight outta the gates! Shizuku's off like a rocket! While blindfolded no less!
Airi: But you've gotta be about this quick to get to the watermelon in time! Let's see if she can maintain this speed!
Minori: W-W-W-Wait for meee!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Beach]

Minori: (Shizuku's going so fast! Even though she's blindfolded! I have to find a way to catch up to her!)
Airi: And there's Haruka with an excellent save! Despite Shizuku rocketing off, Haruka managed to keep her away from that big bump in the sand!
Minori: (Oh no! I was probably supposed to tell her about that.)
Minori: (But I finally managed to catch up to Shizuku and Haruka!)
Minori: (And the watermelon... Wait, how'd it get over there?!)
Minori: Shizuku! Left! Further left! You'll end up in the water if you go that way!
Shizuku: Okay, going left!
Minori: Oh no! Shizuku, wait! That isn't left! You're going backwards diagonally!
Airi: What a turn of events! Minori wanted Shizuku to move to her ten o'clock position but somehow ended up at her seven!!
Airi: And that's the best part about this activity! You never know what's gonna happen!
Comments: <Geez, I laughed so hard that I spat out my tea!!> <Shizuku did such a beautiful turn that I wasn't really sure what happened there for a second.>
Airi: (I knew Shizuku didn't have the best sense of direction, but I can see why she wasn't allowed to do this...)
Haruka: (What do I do now...?)
Haruka: (Shizuku's faithfully doing everything Minori and I are telling her to do, but she's been moving further and further away from the watermelon...)
Haruka: (We need to get her moving back in the right direction...)
Minori: (I... I have to get her back on track! I need to move to the front and...)
Minori: Wh-Whoa...! That was close...!
Minori: (Hmm... I'm having so much trouble running. My feet keep getting stuck in the sand. If only I had a strong core like Haruka or Shizuku...)
Minori: (Wait, there's no time for that right now! I have to keep running as best I can and keep up with the others.)
Minori: (Also, if I keep worrying about my footing, I won't be able to guide Shizuku to the watermelon...!)
Airi: Oh, it looks like Haruka's figured out how to guide Shizuku! She's gently leading Shizuku by the hand!
Airi: It's like she's at the helm of a ship! What an incredible sight...!
Airi: Not only that, she's doing all this while making sure they maintain their speed! Talk about great support!
Minori: (She's right. Haruka's gently pushing and pulling against Shizuku while not getting in her way!)
Minori: (Wait, no...! I don't have time to admire her..! I should be guiding her!)
Minori: (But I'm having so much trouble running in this sand that I can't relay any information...)
Minori: (What can I do...? How can I help Haruka and Shizuku...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Airi: Alright, ready?
Shizuku: I'm ready!
Minori: Shizuku, you're facing the sea. The camera's this way!
Shizuku: Oh, okay. Thank you, Minori.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Minori: (Yeah, that's it...!)
Airi: Thirty seconds left!
Comments: <They aren't gonna make it.> <This is harder than I thought.>
Minori: Shizuku, please slow down until I say otherwise!
Airi: Huh...?
Comments: <Huh? Why? <You want her to slow down? But you're running out of time.>
Minori: Just waaaiiit!!
Airi: M-Minori seems to have some kind of plan. She's sprinting towards the watermelon all by herself at full speed!
Minori: Huff... Huff...!
Minori: Shizuku! Haruka! Over here!!
Minori: Follow my voice! I'll keep calling your names like this!!
Shizuku: Okay, I think I understand! Haruka, I'm going to increase my speed.
Haruka: (Okay, got it.)
Airi: Wh-Whoa! Haruka and Shizuku are running at nearly full speed now! Straight towards the watermelon too!
Airi: They might just...!
(Black cut)
Minori: Yay! We made it in less than three minutes!
Airi: 2’ 56” to be exact! It was close, but your last-ditch plan made such a huge difference in the end, Minori!
Haruka: Yeah, I never would've thought to run towards the watermelon and call for my teammates.
Shizuku: Me neither. Thank you for guiding me like you promised, Minori.
Minori: Hehe...
Airi: Yeah, that was an incredible comeback.
Airi: But...
Airi: You get a zero for entertainment value!!
Minori: Wh-Whaaat...?! Wh-Why? Because we succeeded on our first attempt?!
Haruka: Oh, I think it's because you fell out of the frame...
Airi: Exactly! Your amazing idea sort of went to waste because our only camera is this phone. You ran so far away that our viewers couldn't possibly have seen what happened.
Airi: It would've been much easier to film if you'd broken it up into two separate sprint sections instead of just the one.
Minori: I... I see...
Airi: You're an idol, so you need to know where the cameras are! Got it?!
Minori: Yes, ma'am!
Airi: Good answer! Now, with that in mind, let's do our second attempt!
Minori: Yeah!
Shizuku & Haruka: Yeah!
(Black cut)
