517_Minori Hanasato_R4 Beyond The Spotlight (event_73)

Gacha phrase: I'm here thanks to you all!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[A few days before the solo show]

[Minori's Room]

Minori: *Sigh* Another exhausting day...! I'll probably fall asleep if I close my eyes right now.
Minori: Okay...
Minori: Just a little bit more to go until our show.
Minori: I have to do my best and make sure I spread hope to everyone who attends!
Minori's Mother's Voice: Minori! The bath's ready!
Minori: Oh... Okay!
Minori: Alright, I should feel really refreshed after taking a nice, relaxing bath!!
Minori: Wah...!!
Minori: O-O...
Minori: Owww!!
Minori's Brother: Minori?!
Minori's Mother: Minori?!
Minori's Father: I heard you shout! What happened?!
Minori: M-My pinky... I jammed it and...
Minori's Brother: *Sigh* You're always such a klutz...
Minori: A-Always?! But lately...
Minori's Brother: Yeah, yeah. Just try to be more careful, okay...?
Minori: H-Hey! You could show a little more compassion...!
Minori's Mother: Oh, you... Your show's in a few days, so you really do need to be more careful. Here, let me take a look.
Minori: Okay... But it should be fine as long as I ice it.
Minori's Mother: Yes, that appears to be the case. Then, make sure to do just that after you've taken your bath.
Minori's Father: *Sigh* Thank goodness it wasn't anything serious. You really do seem to have no manner of luck when it comes to these sorts of situations, Minori.
Minori's Father: At the same time... Why is it that you seem to be more unlucky than the rest of us?
Minori's Mother: Oh, that's easy. She takes after you, honey. I mean, you can be so careless sometimes.
Minori's Father: Me? I say she got it from you, dear.
Minori's Mother: What? Me?
Minori's Father: Minori told me herself. This one time when everyone from her group came to visit, you accidentally served them orange juice even when you just told them it was tea.
Minori's Mother: Oh, now that you mention it...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori's Mother: Minori, what do idols usually like to drink? Coffee? Tea? Or something more exquisite that I've never heard of...?
Minori's Mother: Conversely, I could just serve water...
Minori: Uhh... They're coming over as friends, so juice should be fine.
Minori's Mother: That's true. Then, how does orange juice sound?
Minori: Sounds good! Thanks, Mom!
(Black cut)
Minori's Mother: Thank you all for coming over to visit today. Here, please have some tea.
Minori: Wait, didn't we agree on orange juice?
Minori's Mother: Yes, this is orange juice.
Minori: Huh? But you just said tea...
Minori's Mother: Hm? Oh no! Look at me! Hehe...
Minori: M-Mooom!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (Haruka and the others thought that she was just trying to be funny... But I felt a little embarrassed by what she did...)
Minori's Mother: What if I told you that your father was feeling very anxious that day?
Minori: Really? I knew he was home since he had a day off, but I didn't see him at all.
Minori's Father: Oh, about that...
Minori's Mother: Hehe. Your father was so busy preparing himself to greet Haruka and the others.
Minori's Mother: Even though he was off that day, he put on his suit and practiced saying, “Please take good care of my daughter.”
Minori: What?!
Minori's Father: Wh-What's wrong with that? I was just trying to be polite. You know, as her parent?
Minori's Mother: But he became so focused on practicing that they all left before he could even say anything to them.
Minori's Father: No, I just realized that being too formal would make things incredibly awkward.
Minori: D-Dad...
Minori: (I had no idea about any of that... Thank goodness he decided against it.)
Minori: I guess you're both quite careless...
Minori's Mother & Father: Tell your father that. Tell your mother that.
Minori's Mother & Father: Huh...? Hm...?
Minori: Hehe.
Minori's Brother: Huh? You guys are all still here...? Also, Minori, your show's in a few days. Shouldn't you ice that thing like now?
Minori, Mother & Father: *Gasp*
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Minori: Humhumhuum♪
Minori: (Thank goodness our solo show went so well!)
Minori: (Also...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: You shined so much as you sang and danced. Actually, this may've been your brightest moment thus far.
(White cut)
Airi: I agree. As a fellow idol, I'm kinda jealous, but you were definitely the center of everyone's attention during today's show...
(White cut)
Haruka: You reminded me of why I fell in love with idols in the first place...
Haruka: And the way you performed on stage today showed me that I'll have to do everything I can to keep up with you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (The way they all said that... It made me so happy.)
Minori: Hehe...
Minori: *Gasp* I did it again! I'm giggling after reminiscing about what happened...!
Minori: It's okay as long as I'm in my room, but I really need to avoid doing that while walking to school...
Junior High Schooler A: E-Excuse me...!
Minori: Eep! I'm sorry!
Junior High Schooler A: Wah! I-I'm sorry too! I didn't mean to surprise you!
Junior High Schooler B: But... You're Minori, right? From MORE MORE JUMP!?
Minori: Huh? Y-Yes, that's me.
Junior High Schooler A: Wow, I knew it...! We're huge MMJ fans! Us and another friend of ours always watch your streams together!
Minori: Really?! I'm so happy to hear that! Thank you all very much!
Junior High Schooler B: No, you don't need to thank us...! If anything, we need to thank you for giving us so much encouragement!
Junior High Schooler B: I didn't have enough saved up to go to your solo show... But my other friends told me all about it...!
Junior High Schooler A: They called me right after they left the venue, and were crying like babies saying how moved they were by your performance!
Minori: Really?! We were actually all pretty nervous since it was our very first solo show...
Minori: But I'm really glad to hear that they enjoyed it!
Junior High Schooler A: They did! And I've decided that I'm gonna go see your next show no matter what!
Junior High Schooler B: I really hope you do another show sometime! I promise to save up as much as possible so that I can purchase a ticket along with merch!
Minori: ...!
Minori: Yes, I'm sure we will have another show sometime! I hope to see you there!
Junior High Schooler A: *Gasp* C-Can we shake hands?! Is that allowed?!
Minori: Of course. That is, if it's okay with you...
Junior High Schooler A: Oh wow... I can't believe this is happening...!
Minori: (Hehe. I'm shaking hands with a fan... Like a real idol!)
Minori: (No, I am a real idol!!)
Junior High Schooler B: Um, can we also shake hands...?!
Minori: Y-Yes! I mean... Of course!
Junior High Schooler A: Wow...! I'm really shaking hands with Minori...!
Junior High Schooler B: Thank you so much! I still can't believe this!
Minori: No, it was my pleasure! Let's meet again during our next show or event!
Junior High Schooler A & B: Okay!
Haruka: Mind if we also shook hands?
Minori: Yes, of course! H-Haruka...?!
Airi: We're here too.
Minori: A-Airi?! Shizuku?! What are you all doing here?!
Airi: What do you mean...? This is how we get to school.
Shizuku: Hehe. We have our morning practice to look forward to as well.
Shizuku: Also, those fans of yours seemed so happy.
Haruka: They really did. You did a good job of interacting with them as an idol.
Airi: Yeah! Way to go, Minori!
Minori: Really?! Woohoo!
Haruka: Our solo show was a success, and you are what all of our fans seem to be talking about.
Airi: Yeah!
Airi: Based on what we saw just now, you seem to be able to handle them just fine, but this is gonna start happening more often when you're out in public. Are you prepared for that?
Minori: Yes!
Shizuku: Hehe. Anyway, let's head to our morning practice♪
Minori: Okay!
Minori: Hm? I got a message. From who...?
Minori: Oh...!
Chihiro: <Congratulations on a successful solo show! You could've told me, you know? I totally would've gone!>
Chihiro: <Not only did you make your dream come true, but it's like you're blazing ahead towards bigger and better things.>
Chihiro: <But I'm not letting you hog all the glory.>
Chihiro: <I'm also gonna make my dream come true by becoming a dancer, so let's both keep doing our best, Minori!>
Minori: Chi...!
Minori: (We go to different schools now and haven't seen each other in so long. But it's great to hear that Chi's still trying to make her dream come true...!)
Minori: (Yeah. Let's both do our best, Chi!)
Haruka: Minori? Is something wrong...?
Airi: We're gonna leave you behind if you don't hurry.
Minori: Oh, yeah... Be right there!
(Black cut)
