530_Minori Hanasato_R4 I'm Gonna Lose My Head! (event_75)

Gacha phrase: H-Haruka in cat ears?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Minori: So... We managed to make all the parts for our wolf yesterday, so let's put the finishing touches on them today!
Minori: We just need to attach the helmet to the long, thin cardboard mouth...
Costume Team Member A: Can we try draping the cloth we made over it too, Minori? We sorta need to see if it's the right size.
Minori: Sure. Oh, while we're at it, let's make sure the mouth attaches to the helmet at the right angle!
Costume Team Member B: Okay! Alright, first, we need to see if this covers the entire head...
Costume Team Member A: Nice! It fits just right! But the mouth... Maybe we should tilt it down a bit.
Minori: Okay! Um... How's this?
Costume Team Member B: Wait, that's too low! Can you move it back a little?
Minori: Uh, just a little bit... How about now?!
Costume Team Member A: Perfect! Just hold it right there as we drape the cloth over it.
Kohane: Nice work, everyone! The teacher brought cookies for us!
Costume Team Member A: Awesome! Way to go, Teach!
Minori: Yeah, I was just starting to get kinda hungry!
Kohane: Hehe. We each should get three, so take whichever ones you like.
Costume Team Member A: Thanks! Let's dig in!
Costume Team Member B: Mmm... These are delicious! And baked to a perfect crisp!
Minori: U-Uh oh...
Shiho: Hm? Minori? Aren't you gonna have some?
Minori: A-As much as I want to...
Costume Team Member A: Oh no! We asked you to hold the helmet and mouth together! That totally slipped my mind!
Costume Team Member A: We can glue it together now and... Huh? Where'd the glue go?
Costume Team Member B: I think I lent it to the props team! Lemme go ask them!
Minori: Thanks!
Minori: *Sob* These yummy-looking cookies are sitting right in front of me... But I can't have any of them...
Shiho: Want me to take your place?
Minori: You'd do that?! Wait, but...we have it just the way we want it right now, so it might move if we try to swap places.
Kohane: Right... Then, we'll feed you. Open wide.
Minori: You're a genius! Let's do that!
Shiho: Hehe. You're like a fish during feeding time...
Minori: Shiho! Why are you laughing?!
Shiho: Because you're making such a weird face. Anyway, which do you want?
Minori: What?! Shiho, you're gonna feed me?! Oh no...! Won't Shizuku get mad at me?!
Shiho: What does she have to do with this?
Shiho: But if you're gonna make it hard for us... Let's go, Kohane...
Minori: No, Shiho, wait! I want to have some cookies!
Shiho: Fine...
Kohane: Hehe. You get three cookies, Minori. Which would you like?
Minori: I'd like... Oh, the one on the very right with chocolate on it!
Shiho: This one? Okay, here you go.
Minori: Aaahhh...
Shiho: You don't have to open that wide...
Kohane: Hehe. You're like a hungry wolf.
Minori: Oh, yeah! If only opening my mouth meant cookies would magically fly into it. Rawr...
Shiho: What was that? That wasn't very wolflike, so take two.
Shiho: Try to imagine being really hungry... You've got to look like you're famished or no cookie.
Minori: What?! Shiho, that's mean!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Emu Otori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

[Outside the AV Room]

Minori: Whaaat?! Kohane was here?!
Emu: Whaaat?! That wolf was actually Kohane?!
Minori: Y-Yeah, it was! So...
Emu: Oh, okay. She was just looking for her friend after they got scared and ran off...
Honami: We're sorry that we couldn't keep her longer.
Minori: No, that's okay. I mean, you were in the middle of your play, right?
Minori: Still... Where could Kohane and An have gone?
Honami: Hmm...
Honami: Oh, what if you checked the neighboring classrooms?
Minori: Huh?
Honami: This may be just me, but... If I were to become scared and run off somewhere, I'd probably find a nearby classroom to hide in.
Minori: Oh, that makes a lot of sense! Hmm... One of the neighboring classrooms...
Honami: And if I knew that someone there would help me, I'd be more inclined to seek them out.
Minori: Someone who'd help...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: That's it!!!
Honami: Huh...?!
Emu: Wah! Minori?! What's wrong?!
Minori: You made a light bulb go off in my head, Honami! Someone from a neighboring class who'd be willing to help!
Minori: I've gotta go! Thanks again, you two!
Emu: Good luck, Minori!
Honami: And we'll let you know if we see them!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-C]

Minori: Huff... Huff... Ugh... Why didn't I realize this sooner?
Minori: Haruka's in Class 1-C, which is right there! She's known An forever, so this might be where she went!
Minori: Let's see... Haruka should be...
Haruka: I believe that's everything you have ordered. Please enjoy.
Minori: There she is! Haruka...!!!
Haruka: Minori...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: An came just a second ago, but left right after.
Minori: Wait, why?!
Haruka: Probably because that zombie wolf came chasing after her.
Haruka: I have a feeling that she didn't know Kohane was the one dressed as it.
Minori: Oh no... We need to let her know as soon as possible that this is all just a big mistake... Wait a second...
Minori: Haruka, how did you know Kohane's the one who's dressed as the wolf?
Haruka: Hehe. Based on her voice. I tried to ask her what was going on...
Haruka: But our customers also became pretty startled. Some had their little children with them, so I had to...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haruka: Hey, Wolfie! I think you're in the wrong forest!
Haruka: Shouldn't you be at Class 1-A? Are you here to advertise your haunted house? It's called “Little Red Riding Hood and the Young Goats' Slightly Scary Forest Adventure”, right?
Kohane: Huh...?! Y-Yes!
Kohane: Class 1-A is doing a haunted house! I-It's really fun, so we hope you'll stop by later!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: Th-That's amazing, Haruka! You're so good at thinking on your feet!
Haruka: No, I actually need to thank Kohane for picking up on what I was doing so quickly.
Haruka: Anyway, after that, she headed towards the AV Room to look for An...
Minori: She did...?!
Minori: Wait... I asked Aoyagi and Shinonome where they went and rushed towards the end of the corridor... What if I just missed them?
Haruka: There are a lot of people here today, and a lot of signs and stuff lying around...
Haruka: You'll probably have to keep a close eye out in order to find them.
Minori: But I've gotta find Kohane fast and get that mask off her head!
Haruka: Minori, can you wait here for a second?
Minori: Huh? O-Okay...
Minori: Oh, you brought some orange juice!
Haruka: I'm guessing you're pretty thirsty after running around so much.
Haruka: You're doing your best to help Kohane and An, so this one's on me...
Haruka: “Meow. You can do it, Minori. I believe in you♪ Meow♪”
Minori: *Gasp*
Minori: H-Haru-meow...?! (H-Haruka meowed?!)
Minori: M-M-M-Meow?! M-Meow?! (Wh-Wh-Wh-What's going on?!)
Haruka: Hehe. We decided against talking like cats because some people in class felt too embarrassed by it, but I hope that made you feel a little better.
Minori: Better?! I thought my heart was going to burst out of my chest!!!
Minori: Alright, Haruka! In the name of your meow, I vow to find Kohane and An!
(Black cut)
