629_Minori Hanasato_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: I'm going to become a great idol!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[The day before Minori's birthday]

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): We're a day early but, here goes!
Everyone: Happy birthday, Minori! Minori! Happy birthday!
Minori: Hehehe, thanks Miku! Thanks everyone!
Shizuku: Oh Minori, isn't this just wonderful?
KAITO: Ahhh... An idol's birthday really is special. Today's the day you feel like thanking the world for everything it has to offer.
Airi: I know what you mean! The feeling of joy just wells up within you.
Haruka: It truly does. Hey, Minori.
Minori: What is it?
Haruka: I'm so happy to have met you. I couldn't be more grateful for you being born into this world.
Minori: Wha?! Aaaaaahhh!!!
Haruka: I'm sorry, Minori. What did you say?
Airi & Shizuku: Haha! Hehe.
(Black cut)
Airi: Alright, since we've got a special livestream tomorrow, we should probably head back soon.
Minori: Okay!
Miku (MMJ): Good luck with the stream. We believe in you♪
Minori: Thank you!
Minori: Um... Miku, everyone... I know I've said this before, but...
Minori: Thank you so much for supporting me, and looking out for me!
Minori: I've felt crushed and completely lost more times than I can count...
Minori: But every time I come here, you guys cheer me on and give me advice and strength!
Minori: If it weren't for you guys, I don't think I would have come this far.
Minori: So I really, really can't thank you enough!
MEIKO: Minori...
Miku (MMJ): I'm happy you feel that way. I mean, there isn't actually an awful lot we can do for you.
Len: We can practice together and hear out your troubles, but that's about it...
Minori: And that's more than enough! That in itself has helped me so much!
Minori: Plus, it's ultimately up to me to put the effort in!
KAITO: Hehe, I knew you'd say that. Believe it or not, there are fewer people who know that and still make the effort than you might imagine.
Luka: You're really shaping up to be a fine idol, Minori♪
Minori: *Gasp* Thank you!
Minori: Everyone! I may be inexperienced, but I hope you continue to support me!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe, gladly♪ We'll always be looking out for you.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Minori's birthday]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Alright, it's time!
Minori: Minori Hanasato's Special Birthday Livestream♪
Haruka & Shizuku: Yay!
Comments: <Happy birthday Minori!> <Have a great birthday, Minori!> <I've been looking forward to this!>
Minori: Thank you for your birthday wishes, everyone! I've also been looking forward to the livestream!
Airi: Oh? Says the one who was endlessly pacing back and forth to calm her nerves just seconds ago!
Minori: H-Hey! Airi, keep that hush, hush!
Comments: <That's Minori for you.> <You got this, Minori!> <D'aww, Minori!>
Minori: E-Er... Allow me to do that introduction again!
Minori: Thank you everyone for joining my special birthday livestream! It's all thanks to your support that I'm able to celebrate my birthday like this today!
Minori: Although I'm far from experienced and still have a long way to go...
Minori: Someday, I'll be an amazing idol who feels worthy of standing on the same stage as Haruka and the others, so please, continue to support me!
Comments: <You sound like the real deal, Minori> <Show us what you're made of!> <I know you got this, Minori!>
Airi: Okay! You've got the energy, now show them that you're more than just talk!
Airi: And with that, it's time for the Special Birthday Challenge Segment!
Minori: Right!
Comments: <Special Birthday Challenge?> <What's she gonna do?>
Minori: I'll be putting all of my skills to the test with a special challenge!
Minori: The challenge is...a dance cover!
Shizuku: Hehe, Minori is very good at copying dance routines.
Minori: Yeah! I've had many opportunities to practice thanks to our livestreams, but this one's going to be tougher than anything I've ever done before!
Minori: The routine is only for the chorus, and I'll only be able to view the dance once. If I can perform the dance with less than three mistakes, I win!
Comments: <What? Ur only watching the vid once?!> <“Only for the chorus?” Wdym only?!> <Oooh, this'll be interesting.>
Haruka: And now, it's time to reveal the song for Minori's challenge to our viewers. Here, it's on-screen now!
Comments: <I know it but I can't remember the dance.> <Whoa, srsly! Isn't this one insanely tough?> <Even the OG dancers couldn't keep up.>
Airi: First, we'll give Minori a chance to watch the original dance video, and if she thinks she's got it, then we're good to go!
Shizuku: But we don't want to put too much pressure on her, so please allow her to change the song if needed, okay?
Comments: <Your wish is our command, Shizuku!> <Go Minori!> <Just peeked at the video. You sure about this?>
Airi: Minori, the video is ready for you now. I'm gonna hit play now, okay?
Minori: Okay!
Minori: Ah, they're the popular idol group that recently debuted! Wow, their moves are so on point!
Airi: That's because everyone in this group was scouted for their impeccable dance skills. They may be new faces in the idol scene, but they're head and shoulders above the rest.
Haruka: Yes. This choreography is far from beginner level. Remembering even just the chorus in one viewing doesn't sound easy.
Minori: (She's right... I can't remember all these fine details down to their fingertips, but I can keep up with their general movements.)
Minori: (Oh, it's the chorus!)
Minori: (Left foot lean then spin...just as I thought. And then? Oh! It's that difficult part from the intro!)
Minori: One, two, three, one, two, three... Bam-buh-dum-dum...
Minori: Okay, I've got it!
Comments: <What! Really?!> <So once was actually enough?> <You're amazing, Minori!>
Haruka: You got this, Minori.
Minori: Alright!
Minori: Breathe in...and out.
Minori: I'm ready to start the Special Birthday Challenge!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

[Empty Classroom]

Minori: Hey everyone, sorry for the wait!
Kohane: Great job on the livestream, Minori!
Saki: We all watched it together. You really nailed that dance!
Emu: The moment you finished, we all gave you a standing ovation!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: That was wonderful, Minori! Your moves were looking so polished!
Haruka: Although at one point, you waved the wrong arm, and then there was the part where you spun and lost your balance...
Airi: Yeah, but technically the spin doesn't count as a mistake, even though you didn't quite pull it off.
Minori: W-Which means...
Haruka: Yes! The result of the challenge is a big...
Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Pass!
Comments: <Well done, Minori!> <Whoa!> <You did it! Congratulations!>
Minori: Hehehe, thanks everyone!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: Alright, here's to Minori's birthday, and completing the Special Birthday Challenge to boot!
Everyone: Cheers!
Shiho: Happy birthday, Minori. We brought lots of snacks, so help yourself.
Minori: Okay, I won't hold back!
Airi: So, while you all dig in, we have an announcement!
Haruka: It's time for part two of the Special Birthday Segment—the Minori Mastermind Showdown!
Minori: Huh? Minori... Mastermind?
Emu: What? That sounds super fun!
Haruka: It's a game to see who knows the most about Minori!
Haruka: Whoever answers the questions most like Minori wins a point!
Haruka: This is a team versus team game, so I'll announce those now. Make sure you come up with your team name.
(Black cut)
Haruka: Okay, now everyone's decided on a team name, it's time for round one. Let the Minori Mastermind Showdown commence!
Saki & Emu: Yay!
Haruka: Introducing Airi and Shizuku from team MORE MORE JUMP!
Airi: Seeming that we practically raised her ourselves, there's no doubt we've got this in the bag!
Haruka: Hehe, do me proud. Alright, and team two is Kohane and Hinomori from team Class 1-A!
Kohane: As Minori's classmates, we'll give this our all!
Haruka: Moving onto the final team, we have Hoshino, Tenma, Mochizuki, and Otori from team Firey Friends!
Saki: As your friends, we refuse to lose to the other teams!
Haruka: And last but not least, the one answering the questions—Minori!
Minori: Hi! I have to say, I'm surprised you planned this much for my birthday. I'm ready!
Haruka: Hehe, without further ado, it's time for question one: what's Minori's catchphrase?
Shiho: This one's easy.
Emu: Easy! It's gotta be this!
Honami: Yes, I think so too.
Haruka: It seems that every team has an answer. Alright everyone, including Minori, it's time to reveal your answers!
Minori: Um... I think the answer would be, “More and more and more!”
Kohane: Phew, we got the same answer!
Haruka: All three teams get a point! You truly are good friends of hers, but this next one calls for your deductive skills.
Haruka: Question two: what does Minori want to eat for dinner today?
Minori: Huh? What I want to eat for dinner today?
Haruka: Yes. You should just go with your gut instinct on this one.
Saki: Oh! We had lunch together today, so this one's a free win for us!
Minori: Hehehe, seeing everyone read so much into me is making me blush.
Haruka: Hehe. That's because everyone here loves you so much.
Haruka: Now this time, let's go round the teams in order, starting with team Fiery Friends since you're so confident.
Saki: Okay♪ Our answer is...steak!
Ichika: When we ate lunch with Minori today, she told us that she had fish for dinner last night, so she wants to have meat today.
Kohane: Oh, in that case, it sounds like we're on the right track, too!
Haruka: Class 1-A Team has...Salisbury steak.
Shiho: When I mentioned that I had Salisbury steak last night, she appeared enticed by the idea of having it.
Haruka: I see... Both options seem very likely. Finally, team MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: Hehe. We think it's birthday cake.
Airi: Not only because it's her birthday today, but let's just say she's as spontaneously strange as Shizuku at times like this.
Haruka: It seems that every team has a solid answer, but what does Minori think?
Minori: Um... I'm sorry everyone! The meal I want to have for dinner today is...crab cream croquettes!
Saki: What?
Shiho: Uh...
Airi: Huh?!
Airi: Hey, Minori! So what was with all that talk about meat?! At least stick to the narrative or go with cake if you insist on an unusual answer!
Minori: Huh? But hey, I was told to just go with my gut feeling!
Kohane: Hehe.
Saki: Haha!
Minori: Hehe.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000183/bg_s000183.webp)
Kanade: Happy birthday, Hanasato. Ena and I watched your livestream together on Nightcord. Congratulations on passing the dance challenge.
Ena: Minori, when you finished dancing, I immediately started clapping because I knew you passed. You truly are amazing.
Kanade: Yeah. Um... I'm sure you've heard this a lot already, but good luck on your idol journey. You have my support.
Emu: Minori! Happy, happy, happy birthday to you♪ Take it away, Nene☆
Nene: H-Happy, happy, happy birthday! Um... Ena told me about the party you had at school.
Nene: It's times like this that I wish we were at the same school. Let's celebrate together at singing practice. Have a wonderful birthday.
Saki: Happy birthday, Minori! The party was sooo fun!
Honami: Hehe. If we do this again, I'll aim to become the master of all things Minori!
Ichika: Me too. We managed to get a handful of them right, but the rest set us on a losing streak.
Shiho: Hey, there's no way we could have gotten those ones right. Kohane and I were in the same boat.
Kohane: Hehe. Hey An, that quiz really gave us an insight into Minori's mind and the sort of things she likes.
An: Really? Sounds interesting! I guess I'll just have to sneak into Miya Girls for round two!
An: Minori, I hope you had an amazing day! Feel free to stop by Weekend Garage with Haruka and the others sometime. I'll make sure to prepare a special treat for you!
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Minori. I'm glad everyone enjoyed the Minori Mastermind Showdown.
Airi: Well in the end, all three teams tied so there was no winner...
Haruka: That's because I thought your team had a pretty big advantage, so I decided to slip in some questions that required a sheer good luck.
Airi: I gotta admit, the difficulty was just right...but there's no way we were going to get the crab cream croquettes one.
Haruka: Hehe, tell me about it.
Haruka: Once again, happy birthday Minori. And nice job during the livestream.
Haruka: I'm looking forward to growing more as idols together. Let's give it our all.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Thank you all so much for making today so memorable for me. This is probably the most I've celebrated my birthday in my entire life!
Minori: I promise to do what I can to continue to grow alongside your support—both as an idol and a member of MORE MORE JUMP!
Minori: And I, Minori Hanasato, vow to give everyone more and more and more hope than ever before!
(White cut)
