634_Minori Hanasato_R2 Soothed By Friendship (event_92)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Kohane Azusawa)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Minori: (Airi and Shizuku are probably on their way to the meeting for that radio program right about now...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: Huh...? Hang on... There's stuff here for weekday afternoons now.
Haruka: But it's just you and Shizuku, Airi.
(White cut)
Haruka: Yes, I do agree that we should accept whatever offers we can, even if all four of us can't be there...
Haruka: At the same time, a lot of people out there want to see us together. As such, I'd like to be careful about which offers we do accept.
Airi: I agree. This is just a preliminary idea. Just one solution for addressing how we may or may not accept more offers moving forward.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (The credit-based course... It definitely seems to come in handy in these sorts of situations...)
Minori: (But I need to focus on what I can do for us right now!)
Minori: (Let's see... I'll start by thinking of ideas for our next stream.)
Minori: (The others keep saying how I'm really good at seeing things from the fans' perspective, so I'll try coming up with another idea from that angle!)
Minori: If I were a MORE MORE JUMP! fan... I'd want to learn more about what Haruka and the others are like.
Minori: In particular, what they do on a day-to-day basis as opposed to what they do as idols... Oh, like when they're at school!
Minori: A stream about them as students... Hmm... Maybe they could tell everyone what they talk about with friends?
Minori: Or talk about their uniforms and bags... Wait, our bags!
Minori: I bet their fans would love to see what they carry around and what kinds of pens and stuff they use!
Minori: Hehe. It'd be nice to find out that you use the same things, and you might be able to go get matching stuff after the stream.
Minori: Okay, that's one idea on paper! I'll think about the details with Haruka and the others later!
Minori: I gotta keep coming up with ideas while I still have some momentum!
Minori: (Haruka's probably also trying to come up with ideas right now in her classroom...)
Minori: (Hehe. I really wanna surprise her by thinking of a bunch! Then, she'll...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haruka: You came up with all these ideas for us?! Thank you so much! I knew I could count on you!
Haruka: Hehe. I think you deserve a little reward for all your hard work.
Haruka: So, Minori... Come here.
Haruka: Ready? A nice pat on the back.
Minori: E-Eeeeeeeeeeeep!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: H-Hehehehe...
Minori: *Gasp* That's it...!
Minori: Imagine how happy everyone would be if their favorite idols praised them like that!
Minori: We could ask them about what they've been working on lately... Oh, and who they want to be praised by!
Minori: Humhumhuum♪
Kohane: You look like you're having fun, Minori...
Minori: Oh! Hi, Kohane! I was just coming up with some ideas for our stream.
Kohane: Hehe. I had a feeling. I could hear you mumbling to yourself.
Minori: Huh?! Haha... I guess I got a little carried away while thinking.
Minori: Actually, I'm putting together this idea for a stream where viewers could get praised for something they've been working on!
Kohane: Praised by you and the others?
Minori: Yeah! Oh, I was also thinking that we could do a “What's In Our Bags?!” segment!
Kohane: Oh, that sounds really fun!
Minori: I know, right?!
Minori: Wait, Kohane! Can you tell me what you think about my ideas? I want your honest opinion.
Kohane: Huh? Me?
Minori: Yeah! I've been trying to come up with ideas that our fans would really enjoy and appreciate, but I'm sure we're gonna have some first-time viewers too...
Minori: Airi also told me that we shouldn't think of everything from the fans' perspective.
Kohane: I see... Then, if you think my opinion will help...
Minori: Really...?! Thank you so much, Kohane!
Minori: So, this is my first idea...
(Black cut)
Minori: Huh? Was that the warning bell...?
Kohane: Oh, our break's already over... How do you feel about your ideas?
Minori: Great! Thanks for telling me what you think! I really appreciate it, Kohane!
Kohane: Hehe. You're welcome.
Kohane: Anyway, I'm gonna return to my seat. Good luck with your brainstorming!
Minori: Okay, thanks again!
Minori: Uh oh... I forgot to eat lunch.
Minori: (Hmm... But my ideas are coming along so nicely...)
Minori: (Airi and Shizuku are also doing their best right now...)
Minori: Yeah...! So, I'll polish up these ideas now and sneak in a meal later between classes or something!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Minori: (Our stream starts soon...)
Minori: (I'm really happy that we decided to go with my “What's In Our Bags?!” idea, but I always feel nervous about leading our discussions...)
Minori: (Still, if I do well here, I'll be helping Airi and the others out a lot...!)
Minori: Alright, let's do it...!
Shiho: Minori? What were you just mumbling to yourself...?
Minori: Huh?! Shiho?! Kohane?!
Minori: Uhh... We're doing a stream soon and I'm feeling kinda nervous...
Minori: But we're using my idea for it, so I was trying to psych myself up.
Shiho: Oh, one you came up with...?
Kohane: Wait, one of the ones we talked about during lunch the other day...?
Minori: Yeah! The one about the contents of our bags!
Kohane: Wow...! It's really happening? That's great! I'm so happy for you, Minori!
Minori: Thanks! I'm really glad that I asked for your opinion about it, Kohane!
Minori: Still... I'm supposed to lead today... I'm so nervous...
Shiho: Really? Have you never led in the past?
Minori: Well, I have a few times...
Shiho: Okay. Then, it might be best not to focus on that so much.
Shiho: In my experience, the more you stress about a certain riff or part, the more mistakes you end up making. At least, that's what it's like with my band...
Kohane: Oh, I've been through something like that... And there have been times where I focused too hard on that one part and ended up getting worse at parts I was doing well on...
Minori: Yeah, I've experienced both of those things! It happens to me a lot during dance practice...
Shiho: All the more reason you should focus more on having fun during your stream, you know?
Kohane: Yeah, I'm sure it'll go great! I mean, your idea sounded like so much fun!
Minori: Shiho! Kohane...!
Minori: Thank you both so much! I'm already starting to feel better!
Minori: Hehe. I'll go in smiling with lots of energy like I usually do!
Shiho & Kohane: Good. Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rooftop]

Minori: Alright, let's reveal today's big segment! It's called...
Minori: “What's In Our Bags?!”
Shizuku, Airi & Haruka: Yay!
Minori: As the title suggests, we're gonna show all of you guys what's in each of our bags♪
Comments: <R-Really?! Are you sure?!> <Cool! We get to see some of your personal lives!> <My mind needs some time to process this...>
Airi: Hehe. Sounds like you're all plenty excited about this! It was actually Minori's idea.
Comments: <Way to go, Minoriiiii!> <She totally gets us!>
Minori: Hehe... This idea came from me also wanting to know what's in everyone's bags!
Minori: So, let's begin with... Haruka! Take it away!
Haruka: Okay. In my bag...
Haruka: Naturally, I have my textbooks and notebooks. Also, my pen case, handkerchief, tissues... As well as beauty care items, like my lip gloss and hand cream...
Haruka: The notebooks I use can be found just about anywhere, and I've introduced some of my beauty care items before...
Haruka: So, why don't I show some of what's inside my pen case?
Minori: Whoa! You guys hear that?! This is so exciting...!
Haruka: Here we are...! These are the ballpoint and colored pens I use on a regular basis. And this one with the penguin character is my favorite.
Minori: (Oh, that penguin pen... Didn't Haruka receive that as a gift from one of her classmates...?)
Shizuku: Oh, that's so adorable...!
Haruka: Isn't it? I received it as a birthday present, and for a while it sort of just sat inside my pen case since I'm afraid of having it get all worn out...
Haruka: But lately I've been using it when I feel that I need some extra motivation.
Minori: I bet the person who gave it to you is going to jump for joy when they find out that you're actually using it!
Haruka: I sure hope so. I really need to let them know and thank them again sometime.
Airi: Yeah, I'm sure they'd appreciate it!
Minori: Alright, let's keep go-go-going! Next, we have...
(Black cut)
Minori: Thanks for tuning in, everyone! How did you like what we did today?
Comments: <It was nice to learn which book Shizuku's reading right now!> <I kinda want to get some of the kitty stuff Airi has!>
Comments: <You doodle a lot in your notebook, Minori.> <Don't forget to actually study lol!> <But they were really cute. I wanna see them again sometime.>
Minori: Oh, uh... I drew those to stay awake during class... I never imagined that other people would see them...
Airi: Sounds like everyone really enjoyed it. Why don't we do this again sometime and introduce some of the things we couldn't get to today?
Minori: What?! Really?!
Comments: <Yeah! Awesome!> <Please do this again!> <Tell us where you got everything next time!>
Minori: (Thank goodness. They genuinely enjoyed it...!)
Minori: (Shiho! Kohane! I did it!)
Minori: Anyway, we'll see you next time! Bye bye!
(Black cut)
