664_Minori Hanasato_R4 I'll Treasure It For Life! (event_98)

Gacha phrase: I don't think... I'll ever forget this day.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Minori: And if I do end up switching to the credit-based course, I promise to still message you guys. Every single day...
Minori: No, every single hour!
Shiho: Yeah, that seems like a bit much.
Minori: Whaaat?!
Kohane: Hehe.
Kohane: Oh, I know. Minori, Shiho, are you both free after school today?
Minori: Wait, today?
Minori: Yeah, I'm free! We're taking a break from practice!
Shiho: I have work later tonight, but I'm free until then.
Kohane: Really? Then, how about we all go to the arcade together for a little bit?
Kohane: One of my teammates told me they just got a new Print Sticker machine in that's supposed to be pretty fun, so I've been wanting to go.
Minori: Oh, that's perfect! We can commemorate this moment by taking some pictures together!
Shiho: I don't mind, but what exactly are we commemorating?
Minori: Oh, um... Me telling you both I'll be switching over to the credit-based course!
Shiho: I could've guessed as much.
Minori & Kohane: Haha! Hehe.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Arcade]

Kohane: Oh, I think it's this one.
Minori: “Decorate your photos in a variety of fun ways, including doodling, placing stamps and other unique features!”
Shiho: Interesting. Well, it's open, so shall we?
(Black cut)
Shiho: Still, it doesn't seem all that different from the other machines...
Minori: Hey, look! This lets you doodle for a really long time!
Kohane: It did say that you can edit and doodle in a variety of ways. I guess they really want us to have fun with that.
Minori: Yeah! So, everyone, grab a pen!
Shiho: Okay, okay...
Kohane: Hehe. I think I'll try adding a bunch of these stamps.
Minori: Then, I'll use the makeup function to turn us all into supermodels!
Kohane: Oh, this lets you give your skin a fairer complexion. It's nice how you can do that even after you've taken your photo.
Minori: Yeah, you're right! Then, I'll max this out, put a lot of blush on our cheeks, make our eyes really big and...
Shiho: Wait, Minori, stop! We look like something kindergartners finger paint. Let's start over.
Minori: Wait, but! Print Stickers are all about going a little overboard with these effects! It makes these pictures more memorable!
Shiho: Yeah, I agree... As in, they might show up in my nightmares.
Minori: Exactly! We've gotta make sure they're unforgettable!
Shiho: Did you miss the part where I mentioned nightmares?
Kohane: Hehe... Oh, Shiho, Minori, what do you think about these star stamps?
Kohane: Oh, these heart ones are also really cute. Mind if I try placing some?
Shiho: Why not? Knock yourself out.
Minori: You really do have an eye for this stuff, Kohane!
Minori: Shiho, you should try something too. We still have so many more functions to test out.
Shiho: Too many in my opinion... Let's see... Different effects, stamps, text and... Hm?
Shiho: Funny faces...? What does this do...?
Shiho: *Giggle*
Kohane: Shiho, is something wrong?
Shiho: Hehe. G-Get ready... Look.
Minori: Huh...? Whaaat?! I-Is that me?! With a cleft chin?!
Kohane: H-Hehe...!
Shiho: I can even give you an underbite. Check it out.
Minori: Nooo! My jaaawww!
Minori: Sh-Sh-Sh-Shiho, how could you?! My jaw! I'm an idol!
Shiho: Didn't you just say that it's better to go a little overboard? Oh, but I think I liked the cleft chin better.
Minori: Then, I'm gonna give you some big googly eyes and a huge underbite!
Shiho: Hey, don't make them that big!
Kohane: Okay, you two, no fighting.
Minori: Wait a second... Kohane, you still look completely normal!
Kohane: What...?
Shiho: Yeah, you're gonna stick out like a sore thumb if we don't make you look like us.
Kohane: W-Wait, I...
Minori: I'll do her makeup! Shiho, you edit her jaw!
Shiho: Okay, we can give her a cleft chin, an underbite or...
Kohane: P-Please, you two! We won't even be able to recognize ourselves!
Kohane: I-If you don't stop... I'll give you both some big, puckered lips!
Minori: Wait, you can do that?! Lemme see! Lemme see!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Minori: Morning!
Shiho & Kohane: Morning. Morning!
Kohane: SpoJoy Park was so much fun yesterday. My arms are actually a little sore from it.
Minori: Yeah, same! It's hard not to throw your hardest for strike zone.
Shiho: That still doesn't explain how you ended up throwing into someone else's lane.
Minori: Hehe... If only there were a version that made it so you could do that.
Kohane: Hehe.
Minori: Oh yeah, look! I brought that pen you guys gave me!
Minori: We're meeting as a group today to discuss some stream ideas, so I'll get to use it then!
Kohane: Great!
Shiho: It's so strange...
Minori: Huh?
Shiho: Oh, um... It's just...
Shiho: I'm surprised at myself for actually hanging out and exchanging gifts with friends like this...
Kohane: Wait, you are?
Minori: I thought we really hit it off the first time we all talked.
Kohane: Hehe. Me too...!
Shiho: The first time we talked? When was that...?
Minori: Right after the entrance ceremony. We were all in the classroom looking for our desks.
Kohane: You and Minori really saved me that time, Shiho.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Classmate A: What?! I'm literally right in front of the teacher!
Classmate B: Thank goodness I'm towards the back. This is nice. I can see the courtyard from here!
Kohane: (Let's see... There should be a piece of paper with my name on it...)
Kohane: (Azusawa... Azusawa... Why am I having so much trouble finding my desk...?)
Minori: Is something wrong? Do you need help finding your desk?
Kohane: Eep...!
Kohane: Y-Yes... Um, I can't seem to find the paper with my name on it...
Minori: Lemme help you! I already found my desk!
Minori: What's your name? Oh, mine is Minori Hanasato! Nice to meet you!
Kohane: Umm... Kohane Azusawa...
Minori: It's okay. Just try to relax. We are classmates after all!
Minori: Anyway, Kohane Azusawa... Got it! Oh, can you tell me how your last name's written?
Kohane: Oh, “azu” and... Ahem. It's “azu” and “sawa”. The “azu” means “red bean”.
Minori: Oh, and “sawa” as in a little creek!
Minori: So, “azusawa” is like a creek of red bean paste...?! That sounds so sweet and delicious!
Kohane: D-Delicious?
Minori: I-I'm sorry! That's just what came to mind! I wasn't trying to tease you or anything!
Kohane: Hehe. That's okay...
Kohane: I was just a little surprised. I'm used to people pointing out that I have a unique last name, but I've never heard anyone say that it sounds delicious before.
Minori: Thank goodness... Wait, that's right! I have to help find your desk!
Minori: They should be in name order, so you might be off to one side towards the front...
Minori: But you weren't joking. I'm not seeing your name anywhere.
Kohane: *Nod* Do you think it fell off and wandered away somewhere?
Minori: Yeah, maybe! Let's try asking everyone else!
Kohane: Wait, everyone else...?
Minori: Ahem! Excuse me!
Classmate A: Huh...?! Wh-What's going on?
Minori: A sheet of paper that says “Kohane Azusawa” seems to have fallen off its desk! Do any of you see it?!
Minori: Her name's written with the characters for “red bean” and “little creek”! It sounds really sweet and delicious!
Classmate B: Hehe. Sweet and delicious, huh? But I haven't seen any papers with that name on it.
Classmate A: Me neither...
Shiho: Sorry, hi...
Classmate C: Hm? Are you talking to me?
Shiho: Would you mind picking up your bag for a second?
Classmate C: O-Okay... Oh, this sheet of paper...
Shiho: I had a feeling...
Shiho: It's this, right...?
Kohane: Huh...? Y-Yes! Thank you very much!
Classmate C: I'm so sorry, Azusawa! I left my bag on top of it by accident...
Kohane: No, it's not your fault since it seems to have fallen off my desk on its own.
Minori: I'm so glad we found it! Thank you all for your help!
Kohane: U-Um... Thank you for finding it. C-Can I ask for your name...?
Minori: Oh, I wanna know too! I'm Minori Hanasato, by the way!
Shiho: Shiho Hinomori...
Kohane: Hinomori... Again, thank you very much.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shiho: I remember now... But I'm not sure that counts as an actual conversation.
Minori: Of course it does! In my book, we were all friends after we'd introduced ourselves!
Shiho: Your bar for that seems a little low...
Shiho: But you've been willing to put up with someone like me for this long...
Shiho: So I really doubt we're gonna stop being friends anytime soon.
Minori: Sh-Shiho...! Yeah! Friends foreveeer!
Shiho: Hey, personal space...! Don't start acting like Saki on me!
Minori: No, this moment totally calls for a big hug!
Kohane: Hehe.
(Black cut)
