692_Minori Hanasato_R3 Synonyms For Tasty (event_102)

Gacha phrase: I-It's delicious!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: Thanks for waiting, everyone! It's time for another MORE MORE JUMP! livestream♪
Airi: Today's segment is titled...!
Airi: “Who Saw The Late Nite Wednesday Talk Show?! Let's Talk About What Happened!”
Shizuku & Haruka: Yay!
Minori: I'm sure a lot of you already know, but we got to appear on The Late Nite Wednesday Talk Show last week!
Minori: Today, you'll get to hear things about the shoot you won't hear anywhere else!
Comments: <Finally!> <I saw! It was so good!> <Tell us about what happened behind the scenes!>
Minori: Oh, I guess a lot of you did see it!
Airi: Lemme see... Yeah, wow! Most of them saw it as it aired!
Haruka: Thank you all very much for watching!
Shizuku: Hehe. Then, shall we begin by talking about the cafe we were at?
Shizuku: The truth is, we'd been there a few times already on our own.
Airi: Yeah, they all threw me a birthday party there one time.
Comments: <So, it was already pretty famous?> <I'd been there before too. I was so surprised when I heard the news.> <What?! I wanna go!>
Haruka: Minori was the one who originally told us about it.
Minori: Hehe. Some things happened and I ended up discovering it...
Minori: (When I was first hired, they really took the time to teach me how to wait tables and decorate sweets...)
Minori: (I only have a little time left with them...)
Minori: But it has this really welcoming atmosphere because the manager and all the staff are so nice!
Minori: We'll tell you all about where it is and what's good on the menu, so get your notepad ready!
Haruka: Then, let's start talking about what happened during our shoot.
(Black cut)
Minori: ...which is what happened when we ate our first parfait!
Comments: <I didn't realize the Mount Everest parfait would be that big.> <I've seen it on social media before, but it really is a mountain of sweets.> <That was standard? They didn't do that specially for the show?>
Airi: Yeah, it's really that big.
Comments: <Pretty sure you're supposed to split it.> <I don't know if I can handle all that whipped cream.>
Minori: The whipped cream you say?! You bring up an excellent point!
Minori: Yes, there's a ton of whipped cream and a mountain of strawberries.
Minori: But as you dig through the whipped cream, you'll start seeing all these little slices of strawberries!
Haruka: So, whenever you need to take a break from the sugariness of the whipped cream, those can act as your oasis.
Shizuku: She's right. Those strawberries provided just the right amount of sourness to want to keep trying the sweet whipped cream.
Minori: Exactly♪ And it was so good in the end!
Comments: <Come to think of it, Minori, all you talked about was how “good” it was.> <And “delicious”.> <Let's work on your vocabulary for next time lol.>
Minori: *Wince* I-I'll do my best.
Shizuku: Hehe. Regardless, Minori, the smile you had on your face as you at it was so lovely.
Shizuku: I could tell that you were really enjoying it.
Minori: R-Really?!
Comments: <She's totally right!> <You did make it look really, really good!>
Minori: Hehe...
Airi: Anyway, what should we talk about next?
Haruka: Well, there's Riser☆Fujin, and what we did to help the cafe when they were in trouble.
Comments: <I cracked up when I saw Fujin walk in the door.> <Tell us about what you did to help!> <I wanna hear about both!>
Minori: Whoa! So many comments! I can't see what you all wrote!
Airi: Hehe. Then, why don't we go in order? Riser☆Fujin seems like a good place to start.
(Black cut)
Minori: *Sigh* Our stream went really well again today!
Airi: It must be because everyone saw the show. We've been getting such a good response.
Haruka: We have. Actually, more people saw it than I was expecting...
Shizuku: And some wrote in the comments about how they'd like to see us in more of those kinds of shows.
Minori: Yeah! A lot of people also seem really happy about being able to see us not just on these streams, but on TV now!
Airi: Yeah, I'm really glad we decided to start doing this.
Haruka: Yeah, me too.
Airi: But we can't start resting on our laurels just yet.
Shizuku: Because our goal is still to do a show at the Dome.
Haruka: Which means we'll need to keep increasing our name recognition.
Minori: Right!
Minori: So, we just gotta keep doing lots and lots and lots more work!
Minori: Whether it's TV or radio or anything else, let's do so much that we'll eventually be everywhere!
Airi: Hehe. That's what I like to hear!
Airi: So, let's keep this momentum going!
Shizuku, Minori & Haruka: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: Thank you all very much for gathering here today!
Minori: I would now like to begin this food review training session!
Miku (MMJ): Yay♪
Minori: Ahem, to explain... I, Minori Hanasato, did a really terrible job of describing what we ate during our shoot the other day!
Len: I didn't think it was that bad.
MEIKO: Hehe. The way you're willing to recognize your shortcomings really is admirable.
KAITO: Still, I thought you said you were going to practice doing that while having food at home.
Minori: So, I tried doing just that... But it went so badly that my brother wouldn't stop laughing at me...
Minori: Which is why I want to work on this in secret and surprise him, Haruka and all the others!
MEIKO: I like your determination♪ We'll give you all the assistance we can.
Minori: Thank you so much!
Minori: So...! I'd like to start by practicing with some sweets.
Luka: Cream puffs, eclairs, pudding... Hehe. You brought quite a lot.
Minori: Yeah, I bought a lot of stuff because I want to get in a lot of training!
Minori: So, please listen as I start by reviewing the cream puffs!
Luka: Yes, of course♪
Minori: Now, without further...
KAITO: Oh, shouldn't you say something about how they look before you start eating them?
Minori: Wait, you're right!
Rin: But what's a positive thing you can say about its appearance?
Minori: Hmm... They're a nice golden brown?
Len: Yeah, how they turned out seems pretty important.
Len: What else...? How fluffy they are and stuff?
Miku (MMJ): Oh, good call♪ These cream puffs look very fluffy on the outside.
Luka: You could start with the outer pastry and comment about how they feel in your hand, no?
Minori: How they feel in my hand?
Luka: Yes. They look fluffy on the outside, but could be heavier than you expect because they're filled to the brim with custard.
Minori: Oh, Luka, you're a genius! Lemme write that down.
KAITO: So, how does it feel in your hand...
Minori: I-It feels...
Miku (MMJ): Don't overthink it... Just say whatever comes to mind.
Len: Yeah, you're here to practice.
Minori: R-Right. Then...
Minori: It's so soft and delicate... I feel that my fingers might puncture it if I grip it too tightly...
MEIKO: Which means it must be filled with quite a bit of custard. It also feels a little heavy as a result, no...?
Miku (MMJ): I think you're right! And some people prefer ones with a thin, outer pastry.
Minori: R-Right! It's the same with taiyaki! Some people prefer it thin!
Minori: Then, uhh...
Minori: Wow! You need to be careful when holding these! It feels so heavy with custard that it could burst out of the pastry at any moment!
Minori: How does that sound?!
Rin: That was great! I think that saved it♪
KAITO: Yes, this seems like a better approach...
KAITO: But saying that the custard is “heavy” may cause some confusion.
Minori: The custard's so heavy that...
Minori: Oh, right! Some people might misinterpret that as the custard being too rich.
Rin: That means you just have to rephrase what you just said a little♪
Minori: Okay, then...!
Minori: It feels so dense with custard that it could burst out of the pastry at any moment!
KAITO: Um...
Len: All you did was switch out the word “heavy”.
Minori: *Gasp* You're right...!
Miku (MMJ): Giving a good food review is much more difficult than I realized...
Luka: Yes... She hasn't even taken a bite yet.
MEIKO: This is all a part of her training! We know you can do it, Minori!
Minori: Thanks! I'll keep trying!
(Black cut)
