728_Minori Hanasato_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Minori: *Sob*
Minori: What do I do? What do I do...? I'm still too scared to go in...
Haruka: Morning, Minori.
Minori: Eeep!!!
Minori: H-Haruka...! G-Good morning!
Haruka: What are you doing...? People are going to start thinking you're up to no good if you keep hovering outside the classroom like that.
Minori: B-But... But! But! But!
Minori: Our class...! It's so sparkly!
Haruka: Sparkly?
Minori: Yeah! I mean, look!
(Background change)
Minori: The girl in front of the blackboard! That's Kaepon, right?! The “uou-uo” model!
Minori: And that other girl by the window looks like Akari, the fitness streamer...
(Background change)
Minori: And lastly, I'm standing right next to the legendary idol, Haruka Kiritani!
Minori: This class is basically a gathering of the galaxy's biggest superstars! Is someone like me even allowed to go in?!
Haruka: It's been like two weeks since we were placed in this class, you know...?
Minori: No, two weeks isn't nearly enough time for me to get acclimated! I still have to squint because your auras are all so brilliant!
Haruka: Not to mention, aside from everyone working in show business, we have pro gamers and classmates who've started their own businesses.
Minori: That's what I mean! They're so grown up and their auras scream, “I'm a big success!”
Haruka: Yeah, some do give off that impression.
Haruka: Anyway, let's go inside. We really shouldn't keep talking while blocking everyone's way.
Minori: What?! Haruka, wait for me!
(Background change)

[Class 2-D]

Haruka: Morning everyone.
Kaepon: Oh, Haruka, morning.
Minori: (This is why Haruka's so amazing...! She's able to just nonchalantly greet people who appear online or in magazines...!)
Minori: (*Sob* While I'm yet to make any new friends... And it's been two whole weeks already...!)
Akari: Oh, who's that behind you? Hanasato...?
Minori: Huh?! Y-You can see me...?!
Haruka: You're not a ghost.
Minori: B-But I pretty much am since I have no presence compared to everybody else...!
Akari: Haha. You're pretty funny, Hanasato. I've actually been meaning to talk to you for a while now.
Minori: What...?! W-With me...?
Kaepon: Yeah, me too! I've sorta been wondering what you're like in real life after seeing your guys' streams.
Minori: Wait, you know who I am...?
Akari: Of course! You're Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
Akari: You're the only one out of your group who's never been an idol before, but you've been working so hard.
Minori: ...!
Kaepon: I'm also actually a huge idol fan. I have all the big names on my radar, but also a lot of the smaller groups.
Kaepon: I began following MORE MORE JUMP! a little bit after you began doing those livestreams, and I've really been rooting for you, Minori.
Minori: Y-You have...?!
Kaepon: Yeah... Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to act like a fan there.
Minori: N-No, that's totally fine... If anything, I feel incredibly honored to receive such high praise from THE Kaepon!
Kaepon: Haha. You don't have to call me THE anything. Just Kaepon's fine.
Akari: Anyway, it's so incredible how famous MMJ has become. I mean, Hinomori returning to TV after such a long absence was big news by itself.
Kaepon: Yeah! Everyone in the biz has been talking about you girls since around the time of your solo show.
Minori: R-Really...?
Haruka: That's actually a bit of a relief since it's coming from someone in the industry.
Akari: After all, we need to catch all the waves we can.
Kaepon: Yeah, I wanna catch a big one too. If we ever end up working together, please share some of your luck with me!
Minori: Us? Working together...?
Akari: Oh, I can definitely see that happening! More importantly, I'm really glad we got to talk and become friends today.
Akari: So, Kiritani, Hanasato, let's all do our best!
Minori: Oh...
Minori: Thank you very much! Yes, let's all do our very best!
Akari: Hehe. You've been jumping back and forth between speaking formally and not.
Kaepon: Yeah! We're all the same age, so let's keep things friendly between us!
Minori: Oh... O-Okay! Then, if neither of you mind, I'll try being...
Minori: No, wait. You're showering me with all this praise, but I see you two all the time on the internet and in magazines and stuff!
Akari: Haha. There's the Hanasato I'm used to seeing online.
Kaepon: Yeah, I'm glad we managed to break the ice. Oh, while we're on the subject, we should totally go somewhere together when we're all free! There's this place right by the station that...
Haruka: I'm so glad for you, Minori...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Minori: Hmm... What should I do...?
Haruka: What's wrong, Minori? Is something bothering you?
Minori: Oh, Haruka, hi!
Minori: I was just thinking about which committee to join since we have to choose tomorrow during homeroom...
Haruka: Are you not sure which you'd like to join?
Minori: No, I've already made my decision! I'm gonna stay with the animal caretaker committee!
Minori: But we've been so busy lately that I'm not sure if I'll be at school enough for it...
Minori: So, I'm wondering if it's okay for me to stay.
Haruka: Ah, I see...
Minori: Shizuku was on the cleanup committee last year and said it was fine for credit-based students to join...
Minori: We rotate duties for the animal caretaker committee, so I'd feel awful for the animals if I suddenly can't make it because of work!
Minori: I'd just end up causing the other committee members a lot of trouble...
Haruka: Right.
Haruka: But I actually think you'll be just fine.
Minori: Huh? What makes you say that?
Haruka: I remember Shizuku mentioning this a while ago, but since it's hard for credit-based students to be present each time, they're usually scheduled in less for the rotations.
Haruka: As a result, in the event that credit-based members are unable to make it, the committee makes sure that there's always a regular member available to fill in as a substitute. So, I wouldn't worry too much.
Minori: ...! I didn't realize they had that sort of system in place...!
Haruka: That's why I think you should stay on the animal caretaker committee if you really want to, Minori.
Haruka: You'll have to figure out a way to juggle that with work, but if the committee is okay to accommodate for you, I'd say there is no reason for you to quit.
Haruka: Plus, I value these committees a lot since they seem like an integral part of school life.
Minori: Yeah...
Minori: Come to think of it, Haruka, you were credit-based in junior high, right? Were you on any committees back then...?
Haruka: Nope. I avoided joining any for the exact reasons you just mentioned.
Haruka: Which I really began to regret after talking to Shizuku. I wish I were on some back then.
Minori: I see...
Haruka: So, to reiterate, I think you should stay with the animal caretaker committee if that's what you want to do.
Haruka: As for me, if possible, I'd like to be on the planning committee for the school or sports festivals.
Minori: Oh, festival planning...!
Minori: I think that really suits you, Haruka, since you know how to get everyone into a festive mood!
Haruka: Hehe. Pun intended?
Haruka: Still, it's really hard to say if we're going to be free for either of those things. So, again, if I get the chance...
Minori: Right...
Minori: I really hope so! I also wanna be there for those this year!
Haruka: Hehe. We'd really need to count our lucky stars if we managed to be there for both.
Minori: *Nod* But I'm really glad I asked you about this, Haruka.
Minori: I've made my decision! I'm gonna stay on the animal caretaker committee!
Haruka: *Nod* Do your best.
Haruka: Actually, Minori, why is it that you want to stay with the animal caretaker committee so much? Any particular reason?
Minori: Hmm... It's not like I have any reason in particular...
Minori: But I sorta don't want to say goodbye to all the animals I took care of last year...
Minori: They all seem to like being around me, and they even started responding by hopping towards me whenever I called their names.
Haruka: Oh, that's really cute.
Minori: Okay, to be fair, that pretty much only happens when I'm carrying around their food...
Minori: But they're so unbelievably cute! They'll hop onto my lap sometimes...
Minori: Which usually ends with my uniform getting all dirty, but that always puts a huge smile on my face♪
Haruka: Hehe. I think you're just the person the animal caretaker committee needs.
Minori: Wait, really?! If you're willing to say that, Haruka, that means I'll need to contribute more and more!
Minori: So, I'm gonna do my best! Also...
Minori: I'm gonna become the committee's number-one caretaker! The one that the animals love the most!
Haruka: Their number-one caretaker...?
Haruka: No, actually, that goal does suit you.
(Black cut)
