763_Minori Hanasato_R4 Watching Her Back (event_108)

Gacha phrase: H-Haruka is...in my class...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Minori: Hey, there's the bell. I guess it's time for lunch.
Haruka: Yeah, we got here sooner than expected. I'm glad that we were able to wrap things up at work so quickly.
Haruka: We should be able to take our time and enjoy our lunches. How about we head over to the courtyard...?
Minori: Yeah, let's go!
???: Oh, Minori! Haruka!
Minori: Kohane! Oh, Ichika and Honami are with you!
Ichika: Morning. All finished with work? You must be tired.
Haruka: Hehe. Thanks. Were you three about to have lunch together as well?
Honami: Yes. We were thinking about buying something at the school store and sitting in the courtyard.
Minori: Really?! We were just about to put our bags away and head over to the courtyard.
Haruka: Why don't we all have lunch together?
Ichika: Are you sure? Then, if you don't mind...
Saki: Hm? What are you guys doing all gathered up?
Haruka: Oh, good timing. Would you like to do the honors, Minori?
Minori: Yeah, lemme invite them!
Minori: Saki! You guys! Do you have plans for where you're eating lunch?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Minori: Hehe. It's so great to be able to have lunch together like this.
Kohane: Hehe. I'm also really glad.
Saki: Oh, can I ask you guys about the credit-based course? What's it like?
Minori: Uhh... I sorta can't make any conclusions yet since the new term just started...
Minori: But there's definitely a ton of famous people. Like models, streamers and all sorts of other celebrities!
Saki: Whoa, really?!
Emu: So, do they also juggle school with work?
Minori: Yup. They'll work in the morning and come to school in the afternoon, or come just for the morning and stuff.
Emu: Wow...! That's amazing how they can stay on top of everything!
Minori: I know, right?! That's why I feel I also need to do my best.
Minori: Oh, how about you guys? Have things changed for you in second year?
Ichika: Outside of our new classes, it pretty much comes down to new textbooks.
Honami: But I'm sure everyone in the credit-based course uses the same textbooks.
Haruka: Yeah, they should be the same.
Minori: Then, how about your teachers?
Shiho: Hardly anything's changed. We basically get the same lineup from last year.
Minori: Really?! We also have pretty much the same teachers as last year.
Saki: Really...?! I always thought the credit-based course was like another world! I guess that isn't the case, huh?
Minori: Yeah, I thought the same thing!
Minori: Our textbooks are the same, and so are the teachers. I'm pretty relieved.
Ichika: Relieved?
Minori: Hehe. By how we all still get to be a part of the same school!
Haruka: Don't worry. We're all still Miya Girls students.
Haruka: Us having lunch together like this is proof of that.
Minori: Right!
Minori: (Our life as students in the credit-based course just started, and we'll probably be really busy with work in the future.)
Minori: (But I still get to hang out with all my friends!)
Minori: (That's also why I need to do my best while I'm credit-based! I can't let their support go to waste!)
Minori: (Okay! I'll start by giving my afternoon classes everything I have!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Minori's Room]

Minori: Phew... I think this is the page they got to for history the day before yesterday.
Minori: But it's still mostly the same drill as last year. Memorize dates, years, the names of famous people, places and events.
Minori: Anyway, that just leaves Modern Japanese and Classical Japanese...
Minori: Oh, we have Modern Japanese sooner, so I should probably start looking at that now.
Minori: Alright, let's see what the textbook has to say...!
Minori: Wow! This essay was so interesting!
Minori: It was so well-written and easy to follow. They didn't even use any hard words or phrases at all.
Minori: Okay, now to study this essay...
Minori: Wait a second...?
Minori: How am I supposed to study for this subject again? What actually counts as that...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Oh, you're not sure how to study for Modern Japanese?
Minori: Yeah...
Minori: For history, all the important stuff is usually bolded, so it's pretty easy to know what I need to memorize.
Minori: Also, for Classical Japanese, I just need to memorize vocab and be able to explain what certain phrases and passages mean...
Airi: Yeah, now I see what you mean. Modern Japanese isn't as cut and dry.
Minori: Exactly! That's why I wanna know how you guys study for it!
Haruka: Well... For essays and stories, I try to see things from the writer or characters' perspectives.
Haruka: With novels in particular, I feel that it's important to dissect why a character's feelings change and in what way.
Minori: Oh, right!
Minori: They always ask that on tests. “Why did the protagonist feel the way they did?” or, “What led them to do what they did?” and stuff!
Haruka: Yeah. Aside from that, memorizing the kanji and idioms being used might be good.
Minori: Lemme jot that down... Thanks, Haruka!
Minori: Next, Airi, please tell me how you study for this subject!
Airi: I really don't do anything that special. Like Haruka said, I try to memorize the kanji, idioms, phrases and...
Airi: Oh, pronouns and stuff. You, they, him, her, this and that. Keeping an eye out for who's pointing to what is supposed to be good for reading comprehension.
Minori: Yes, I see...! Then, Shizuku, how about you?
Shizuku: Whenever I'm reading my textbook, I try to keep an eye out for conjunctions.
Minori: Conjunctions? Like “but” and “so” and stuff?
Shizuku: Yes. While I like reading stories, I can't say that I'm very good with critical texts...
Shizuku: But I feel that I understand them better when I actively keep an eye out for conjunctions.
Airi: Wait, Shizuku, that sounds like a pretty high-level technique.
Shizuku: Hehe. It's not that hard actually.
Shizuku: For instance, when someone says, “I think this or that,” and follows it up with a “because”, that tells me they're about to explain their reasoning.
Shizuku: However, if they were to use a “but”, that likely means they're about to say something to the contrary.
Minori & Airi: Whoa!
Minori: That's amazing, Shizuku! I'm gonna try doing that the next time one of those essays shows up in my textbook!
Airi: I have to agree. The speed at which someone can digest text would change a ton depending on whether or not they did what you just said.
Haruka: Did you come up with this technique by yourself, Shizuku?
Shizuku: No, a teacher explained it to me.
Shizuku: As a result, I'm having much less trouble reading and analyzing such texts.
Haruka: Coming up with your own ways to make studying easier is really important, but so is asking the teachers for help.
Airi: After all, that's what they're there for.
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: I'm gonna try everything we just discussed and ask the teachers any questions that I have.
Shizuku: That sounds like a good plan. Studying all by yourself can be very difficult at times.
Airi: Anyway, now that we've dealt with Minori's problem, let's start our morning practice.
Shizuku, Minori & Haruka: Yeah! Okay!
(Black cut)
