783_Minori Hanasato_R2 Chasing My Seniors (event_111)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Campground]

Minori: Okay, we did it...! Our curry is finally complete!
Airi: Bring the camera in a little closer! What do you think? It looks creamy and delicious, right?
Minori: Oh no... I'm getting really hungry now! Can we start digging in?
Shizuku: Hehe. In that case, why don't we begin?
Minori, Shizuku, Airi & Haruka: Let's eat!
Minori: Mmm! I love these big chunky veggies! It really feels like we're camping now!
Shizuku: On top of that, Minori, the curry you and Airi made has such a gentle flavor to it.
Airi: The rice you two made is also really good. How'd that go? It's pretty hard to cook rice using just camping gear.
Haruka: Getting the measurements and timing right wasn't a problem, but controlling the heat was a bit tricky. The bottom became quite burnt as a result...
Minori: What are you talking about?! That crispy bottom's the best part! I think you're giving yourself far too little credit.
Airi: I agree. The texture's perfect, and I love it.
Haruka: I'm really glad you two like it so much.
Shizuku: We still have plenty, so please feel free to ask for more.
Minori: Woohoo! I'm definitely having some more!
Airi: Still, I really wasn't expecting this curry to turn out so well when we first started the shoot...
Haruka: Me neither. We did draw from a hat to decide our pairs and what tools we'd be using, but...
Haruka: I wasn't expecting our tools to end up falling into two extremes like that.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Haruka: Next, we have our fire-starting tools. Airi, Minori, which of you is going to draw for your pair?
Minori: Me! Minori Hanasato is poised and ready to draw!!
Airi: I'm counting on you, Minori!
Minori: Hmm...! Please give me something good! Please give me something good...!
Minori: This one! What do we get?!
Airi: Lemme see! We'll be using... Wait, what...?
Shizuku: Is something wrong, Airi?
Airi: A strap drill...? I've got a bad feeling about this...
Show Staff Member: Ah, the strap drill is right over here! Enjoy!
Minori: W-Wait, this looks like...
Airi: I knew it! We're back in the Stone Age!!
Minori: I-I'm so sorry, Airi! If only my luck weren't so terrible...
Airi: It's okay, Minori. I have a plan.
Minori: Huh?
Airi: I learned how to use one of these years ago on a survival program.
Airi: So, you can count on me!
Minori: A-Airi...!
Minori: Y-You're my hero...! I promise to do everything I can to help get our fire started!
Minori: For the sake of our curry!
Airi: That's the spirit. We can't let it end up as just a plate of rice!
(Black cut)
Airi: I don't get it! Why won't it start?!
Minori: B-But I'm seeing a lot of smoke...! Wait, what if the wood isn't dry enough?
Airi: That's possible. At this rate, we're never gonna get our fire going...
Minori: Airi! Let me take over!!
Airi: What?
Minori: I drew the short straw... And, I can't make you do all the work!
Minori: I don't have as much experience with this as you do, but I'm not gonna give up! I promise to get our fire started no matter what!!
Minori: So, here goes nothing!
Minori: Gnaaaaaaaaargh!!!
Airi: Minori...
Minori: Start! Start! Staaaaaaaaaart!
Airi: Hey, that isn't gonna work. The goal isn't to spin it as fast as possible.
Airi: You gotta use as much of the string as you can and get into a good rhythm.
Minori: O-Okay...! Lemme try again with that in mind!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Airi: I still can't believe we managed to get that fire started and make this curry.
Minori: Haha... To be fair, I felt so exhausted after getting our fire started that Airi had to do all the cooking.
Airi: What are you saying? I thought you were really cool when you did that.
Airi: You didn't give up. You kept trying... Not only that, you succeeded. I wouldn't have expected anything less from you, Minori.
Minori: Airi...
Haruka: That means we're able to have this delicious curry together because of you, Minori.
Shizuku: Thank you very much, Minori. We're grateful for all the hard work you put in for us.
Minori: N-No, I...! I just felt that I couldn't give up is all...
Minori: I mean, we're having this curry now because we all worked together to make it happen! I don't deserve all the credit.
Minori: This is our curry. It's MORE MORE CURRY!
Haruka: MORE MORE CURRY!, huh? Hehe. Yeah, we did all work really hard on it.
Shizuku: I can't put it into words, but it really tastes wonderful. I'd love it if we could go camping together again someday.
Minori: Yeah, me too!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Ryusuiso - Peony Room]

Minori: We're going home today... Time sure flew by...
Haruka: It really did. The hot spring was really refreshing, the food was delicious... It's such a shame that we have to leave.
Airi: But there's still breakfast, so let's try to enjoy every second we have left here!
Airi: Wait, that reminds me... It's actually almost time for breakfast. We need to move all the bedding and our stuff off to the side.
Shizuku: Yes, let's do that...
Proprietress's Voice: Good morning. Would now be a good time for us to start serving you breakfast?
Minori: Wow! Talk about perfect timing!
Haruka: Everything's cleared away... Yes, please. That would be excellent.
Proprietress: Pardon the intrusion.
Minori: Wow! It already smells amazing! What do you think they're serving?
Proprietress: Hehe. We'll bring each item to you one at a time, if you don't mind giving us a moment.
Airi: Oh, Minori...
(Black cut)
Minori: Wow...
Minori: Salt-baked salmon! One of my favorites! Hehe. I'm so happy!
Proprietress: Ah, Ms. Hanasato, I didn't realize that you were the salmon connoisseur I heard about.
Minori: Huh?
Proprietress: Ayaka told me that one of you likes salmon very much and would really enjoy it if we served some.
Proprietress: So, I decided to serve the largest salmon we had. I'll place it right here in front of you, Ms. Hanasato.
Minori: Th-Thank you! I don't know what to say!
Minori: (Saito remembered what my favorite food was...!)
Proprietress: There we are... Now, ladies, please take your time and enjoy.
Shizuku: Thank you very much.
Minori: Yes! Let's dig in!
Haruka: I'm so happy for you, Minori.
Minori: Me too! This salmon's one thing...
Minori: But I think I'm even happier about Saito remembering my favorite food!
Airi: You are?
Minori: Yeah! I've been noticing lately that our fans are starting to remember some of the things I've been saying on our streams. Like my favorite snacks and the cosmetics I use, you know?
Minori: Some have been posting about it on social media. One person said, “I use the same cosmetics!” and another said, “I went out and bought some of those snacks you recommended, Minori.”
Minori: Someone even wrote a letter to me saying how they're going to buy from the same brand as me the next time they go shopping.
Minori: Reading things like that really makes it feel like people are starting to know who I am.
Minori: I feel so happy knowing that I've grown as an idol!
Airi: Yeah, I think I know what you mean.
Haruka: I remember feeling the same thing when I was still in ASRUN. When I read things like that that fans had said, it made me realize how much they supported me.
Shizuku: Yes. Of course, the fans who've been longtime supporters are all very important.
Airi: But we need to do our best to keep showing the newcomers all new sides of us. Which means we gotta keep growing.
Minori: (She's right. I can't be happy with where I am currently...)
Minori: (The others all have more experience than me and have fans who've been supporting them for a really long time...)
Minori: (And they're still doing their best for them.)
Minori: (I have the least experience out of all of us, so I shouldn't be letting my guard down! That means I need to try even harder and harder and harder!)
Minori: Alright, I'm gonna power up by eating as much as I can!
Airi: What are you talking about all of a sudden...?
Haruka: In any case, this is a perfect power breakfast. Salmon is packed with the protein that you need for strength training.
Shizuku: Hehe. Then I should also eat up and try to get the most out of this meal.
Minori: Hehe. But I'm gonna eat much more than you!
(Black cut)
