828_Minori Hanasato_R4 Scurry! Dash! Skitter! (event_115)

Gacha phrase: Here's our chance!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Odaiba Animal Land]

Minori: Whoa! So this is the Carnivore Zone...?! It totally looks like the wild!
Shiho: Yeah, the atmosphere here feels really different from everywhere else.
Ichika: I'm getting a little anxious... It's like we're being watched by all the animals.
Haruka: Oh, they have different routes for large and small animals. Which should we choose?
Shiho: Based on the map, the one for smaller animals looks shorter.
Ichika: You two have to go back to work, so why don't we go see the smaller animals?
Minori: Right! Then, let's go!
(Black cut)
Minori: So, this is apparently the section for the Tsushima leopard cats! What do you think they're like?
Haruka: I'm also curious... But I'm not seeing them anywhere.
Shiho: No, I'm pretty sure they're in here...
Minori: Wait, how do you know?
Shiho: Because that bush over there just moved.
Ichika: The bush...?
Haruka: Oh, she's right! They're walking towards—
Minori: Wow, kittens! She's with her babies!
Haruka: They're so cute...
Shiho: ...
Ichika: Oh, that one's trying to get Mom's attention.
Minori: Yeah, we gotta take a picture!
Ichika: Whoa! Where'd all these people come from...?
Haruka: And they're all taking pictures. Do you think they were waiting for the kittens?
Minori: That means all these people are here to see them. They're like idols!
Shiho: Oh, they're going back into the bushes...
Minori: No, already?! I wanted to keep watching.
Haruka: Hehe. All things considered, we were pretty fortunate.
Minori: Yeah, we were super lucky to see them as soon as we came!
Ichika: As nice as it would be to stay, let's head over to the next section.
Guests: Hey, did you hear? The Pallas's cats are back!
Guests: Really? We gotta go see them!
Haruka: Pallas's cats...?
Ichika: What are they like?
Haruka: I'm not sure, but I've definitely heard of them before.
Minori: They must be really cute if all these people are going over to see them! Wanna head over?!
Shiho: Yeah, let's go.
(Black cut)
Minori: Wow! This place is packed...!
Ichika: There's way more people here now. I didn't realize they were so popular...
Haruka: But I can see why. I mean, look how cute they are.
Shiho: ...
Minori: Hehe. You must really like them, Shiho!
Ichika: Oh, this one just showed me its belly...!
Minori: No fair! Show me your belly too, kitty!
Haruka: Uh oh. It's hissing. Is it trying to intimidate us?
Ichika: Us? Or just Minori...?
Minori: What?! Whyyy?!
Shiho: Maybe this just isn't your day for interacting with animals, Minori.
Minori: B-But! I don't want the cats to be mad! I just wanna be friends with them!
Minori: Eep!
Guests: Whoa! It just banged its paws against the window!
Guests: Wow, they're more ferocious than I thought. Is this one in hunting mode?
Haruka: Sounds like it's stalking you, Minori.
Minori: Again, why only me?!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Odaiba Animal Land]

Minori: Thank goodness we were able to catch Dylan!
Shiho: Yeah. Can you tell us what we should do with him?
Zookeepers: Oh, thank you so much! We can take him from here!
Shiho: Okay, thank you.
Minori: Bye bye, Dylan!
Haruka: There he goes.
Ichika: Still, thank goodness we were able to catch him without hurting him. Anyway, what should we do now? We still have a little time.
Shiho: Then, we could try checking out an area we still haven't—
Guests: Excuse me. Are you by chance Haruka Kiritani?!
Haruka: Uh oh...
Minori: Whoa! Are these people all your fans?!
Haruka: Hello. I'm here on my own time today, so I'd appreciate it if you didn't let word get out.
Guests: O-Of course... We're sorry about interrupting your visit! But... Umm... Would it still be alright if we asked for your autograph?
Haruka: Okay. It'll be our special way of commemorating us meeting today.
Guests: *Gasp* Thank you so much!!
Guests: Hey, that girl over there looks really familiar...
Guests: Wait a second... Isn't that Haruka Kiritani?!
Guests: And I could've sworn I've seen that girl next to her before too...
Ichika: This is starting to get out of hand...
Shiho: Shouldn't we try to do something about this, Minori?
Minori: R-Right...! We can't allow this to cause the zoo any trouble. As a zookeeper for the day, I gotta do what I can...!
Minori: For now, Haruka, let's move somewhere with less people to keep things from getting any further out of hand!
Shiho: What if we split up? We might stand out too much if we move as a group of four.
Ichika: Okay, we can rendezvous somewhere later.
Minori: Thanks, you two!
Minori: Haruka, let's go this way!
Haruka: Okay.
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Guests: Excuse me. Would it be okay if we shook hands?!
Guests: Sorry, but are you Haruka Kiritani? Can I have your autograph?!
Minori: Oh no. Your aura's too strong, Haruka. Everyone's noticing that it's you!
Haruka: I'm really sorry about this, Minori.
Minori: No, don't mind me! There's nothing we can do about your brilliant aura!
Minori: Also, the Rainforest Area's supposed to be pretty dark, so maybe less people will notice you!
Haruka: Really? That's great...! You know this zoo so well. You're like a real zookeeper.
Minori: Hehe. But I'm still amazed by your powers, Haruka. All these people keep gravitating towards you...
Minori: Not only that, you're interacting with each of them kindly like a great idol should! I still stand to learn so much from you!
Minori: No, wait... Before I can do that, I need the kind of fans that would come up to me like that...!
Guests: Um... Excuse me.
Minori: Y-Yes?! Would you like to shake hands with Haruka? Or would you like her autograph?
Guests: You're Minori from MORE MORE JUMP!, right?
Minori: Huh...?
Guests: I'm a huge fan! Mind if we shook hands? Also, can I have your autograph?
Minori: Y-You're here for me?
Guests: Would that be possible? The way you're always doing your best fills me with so much encouragement!
Minori: Y-Yes, I'd be honored! I'll be more than happy to do those things for you!
Haruka: (I'm so happy for you, Minori.)
(Black cut)
