873_Minori Hanasato_R4 Painful Honesty (event_122)

Gacha phrase: Right...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: So, I'd like for us to start discussing talk segment ideas for the shoot the day after tomorrow!
Miku & Rin: Okay!
MEIKO (MMJ): Are you sure about none of you being tired? You already spent a lot of time today house hunting and had that meeting at the TV station to boot.
Minori: Thanks, MEIKO, but we've still got plenty of energy!
Shizuku: We may be substitutes for another group, but this is still a very big opportunity for us.
Haruka: Exactly. And we want to send in our idea today since there isn't much time left until the shoot.
Len (MMJ): Anyway, you said that you're supposed to come up with your own segment. Does anyone have ideas for it?
Minori: Yes, I've got one!
Luka (MMJ): Already? That's impressive, Minori♪
KAITO (MMJ): So, what's your idea?
Minori: My idea is...! A quiz about weird floor plans!
Rin (MMJ): A quiz about weird floor plans?
Minori: While we were moving between those different houses today, Ms. Kawanishi told us about some other properties!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kawanishi: There's actually an interesting property right near here.
Kawanishi: It's very spacious and includes three rooms, but they're all meant for bathing.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (MMJ): Wait, does that mean they're all bathrooms?!
Minori: Yeah! One with a jacuzzi, another with a hot stone bath and the last one included a steam room!
MEIKO (MMJ): Wait, if they're all bathrooms, is there nowhere to sleep?
Shizuku: That's right. Apparently, the original owner loved bathing so much that they decided to design multiple rooms just for that purpose.
Haruka: We were told that a heated waterfall was also in the works.
Len (MMJ): A heated waterfall? As in a regular waterfall but with hot water?
Airi: Yeah, but it ended up being too hard to build a room for it from scratch.
Airi: The owner was so set on having a waterfall that they ended up moving out. As a result, this house is now available for rent.
KAITO (MMJ): They moved out? Having a heated waterfall was that important...?
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. I hope their new home has what they want.
Rin (MMJ): Me too♪ Wait, hang on. You said something about a quiz.
Minori: Yeah, the question for this house would go something like...
Minori: The original owner of this house loved to do a certain thing so much that they decided to build three rooms with said activity in mind! What are these rooms for?
Rin (MMJ): Oh, cool!
Minori: Hehe. The basement bedroom for this other house we heard about was called the “vampire room”. There were a lot I could turn into fun quiz questions!
Len (MMJ): Yeah, this is turning into an interesting quiz!
Haruka: I agree. This could work, provided we can explain why we're doing a quiz on this topic.
Minori: Huh?
Rin (MMJ): Why? Because it's fun and interesting.
Haruka: Those are both important, but this quiz seems a bit out of place...
Haruka: For example, who should present a quiz based on funny responses to gags? An idol or a comedian?
Minori: Well... A comedian, right...?
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, I see. It would be odd for an idol to suddenly start talking about real estate.
Haruka: And we can't just tell everyone the truth by saying that these are all houses we heard about from an actual realtor while searching for our own...
Minori: Right... But I thought I'd come up with such a fun quiz.
Airi: Hey, it's way too soon to give up on that idea.
Airi: We're being asked to appear on short notice this time, so we could sort of blur things by saying that we saw some interesting rentals while walking by our local real estate agency.
Airi: It's still not something idols would talk about normally, but we could try saying, “Has this ever happened to you?”
Haruka: Yeah, that might actually work...
Minori: Really?!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm so glad for you, Minori.
Minori: Thanks! Now all we have to do is ask Ms. Kawanishi if we can talk about these, right?!
Haruka: We can also ask to see if we can get the actual floor plans for these properties.
Shizuku: But will we receive them in time? Our shoot's in just two days...
Airi: Right. The producer also has to sign off on it, so we might want to come up with a backup plan just in case.
Haruka: But we already have a viable option thanks to Minori, so we should have no problem replying today.
Minori: Hehe. You're giving me too much credit.
Airi: Well, we're not about to let you hog all the glory.
Shizuku: Hehe. I agree.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato)

[Hanasato Household - Living Room]

Minori: I'm back!
Minori's Mother: Welcome home, Minori.
Samo: Woof!
Minori: Hehe. I'm back, Samo! Come here!
Minori's Father: So, were you able to meet with that landlady?
Minori: Yup! Actually, we'd already met her before.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori's Mother: Oh, that elderly lady you helped ended up being the landlady?
Minori: Yeah, we were all so surprised!
Minori: And we get to rent that house!
Minori's Father: I see... She must've recognized how hard you all work.
Minori: Hehe...
Minori's Brother: Oh, Minori, you're back. Do you get that house? When are you moving?
Minori: We got the house, but I'm not moving out or anything. We're just using it as a place where we can practice and do our streams.
Minori's Mother: But it's completely empty right now, yes? You're going to need furniture and all sorts of other things.
Minori: Yeah, we plan on discussing all that, including what we're going to use each room for!
Minori: Then we'll start looking for furniture and... Oh, I'll be taking some stuff over from here.
Minori's Mother: You'll also want to do some light cleaning before you officially move in since it's so difficult to move large pieces of furniture.
Minori's Father: Remember how much cleaning we did before moving in?
Minori's Mother: Hehe. Oh the memories.
Minori: You did...?
Minori: Then, is there anything else I should keep in mind throughout this process?
Minori's Mother: Well... You'll need to greet your neighbors at some point.
Minori's Father: You won't be living there, but you will be someone's new neighbors.
Minori: Greeting the neighbors...? Oh, we're supposed to bring them soba!
Minori's Mother: Yes, that's right. I'm impressed. But it may be better to also have towels or detergent ready in the event that they're allergic.
Minori: Ooh, Mom advice! Lemme jot that down.
Minori's Brother: Wait, what do you say when you meet them...?
Minori's Mother: Huh? “Hello, my name is Hanasato. I'm your new neighbor”...?
Minori: Wait, Haruka and the others will also be with me, so...
Minori: “Hello! We're MORE MORE JUMP! We're your new neighbors!” How's that?
Minori's Brother: Are you sure about that...? Have you forgotten that you're idols?
Minori: No, you're right! We should keep our identity a secret! That's something we'll have to discuss further...!
Minori's Mother: I guess being an idol just isn't that easy...
Samo: *Whimper*
Minori: Hm? What's wrong, Samo...? You stopped wagging your tail.
Minori's Brother: He probably thinks you're leaving.
Minori: What?! No, Samo, I'm not going anywhere!
Minori: Y-Yes, I won't be home as much since I'll be spending more of my time at the MORE MORE HOUSE... Which might mean us going on less walks together...
Samo: Woof...
Minori: *Sob* No, please don't frown like that... Now I'm starting to feel really bad...
Minori: I'll do my best to wake up early to take you for your morning walks! I promise!
Samo: Woof!
Minori: And on my days off, we can bring some of your toys and play lots and lots!
Minori: It doesn't matter how busy we get! I'll come back to see you no matter what, Samo!
Samo: Woof! Woof!
Minori: *Gasp* Samo!!
Samo: Woof! Woof!
Minori's Brother: Relax, will you...?
Minori's Mother: Hehe.
(Black cut)
