881_Minori Hanasato_R3 Look What Else They Have! (event_123)

Gacha phrase: Look, look! A huge lollipop!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Vacant Classroom]

Airi: Alright, we're all here! Let's begin today's planning meeting, shall we?
Minori: Yeah!
Haruka: You sure sound excited, Minori.
Minori: Hehe. That's because Airi and I did a ton of research just for today!
Airi: I take it you two also did a fair bit of research?
Haruka: We did. It only seems right to try to answer this person's question as best we can.
Shizuku: Yes, and we found quite a few fun White Day gifts at affordable prices.
Airi: Hey, so did we. Right, Minori?
Minori: Yup! Some were so good that I'm seriously starting to think about getting them myself.
Haruka: Then, why don't you two start us off?
Minori: Okay! A-Ahem...
Minori: We'll start by presenting... This! Shiny candy jewels!
Shizuku: Oh, they're beautiful...! These are really candy?
Minori: Yeah! And they make great, little gifts because they're individually wrapped.
Airi: Not only that, they're all based on birthstones, which means you can tie your gift to a person's birthday.
Shizuku: I had no idea that they made candy like this.
Haruka: Me neither. And they look so real. Who wouldn't enjoy receiving these?
Airi: Yeah, they look amazing. But they also came up with a great tagline for these. “The gift of everlasting brilliance.”
Shizuku: That's so wonderful. But it's a shame that they need to be eaten...
Airi: Anyway, you two are up.
Haruka: Okay, just give us one second.
Shizuku: We found...this! A make-your-own chocolate fortune teller!
Minori: Wait, what?! This looks just like one of those omikuji boxes you see at shrines...
Haruka: That's exactly what it is, Minori.
Haruka: However, this one is different because you get to make your own fortunes.
Minori: Huh? Your own?
Haruka: For example, you can have it produce only great blessings, or make ones that say, “Your luck will increase if you talk to me.”
Airi: I see. That'd be a nice way to break the ice with someone you don't talk to normally.
Shizuku: Yes! Imagine how fun it'd be to have a friend draw a fortune from this.
Minori: Yeah! They get a nice gift and have it presented to them in a fun way!
Haruka: Alright, we're off to a nice start. Let's keep showing each other what we found.
Minori: Okay!
Minori: Hehe. I can't wait to see what else you two found, Haruka.
Haruka: Likewise. I'm looking forward to seeing what else you and Airi found.
Minori: Really?! Then, let's show that thing next!
Minori: We didn't actually buy it, but we found a really big piece of candy!
Airi: Oh, that? We couldn't help but take a picture because it was so big.
Shizuku: It was that big? Can we see it, Airi?
Airi: Yeah, one sec.
Airi: Okay, this is what we found...! A huge lollipop!
Haruka: Whoa, it's so big...!
Shizuku: Yes! Bigger than a person's face...!
Minori: I know, right?! It was huge!
Minori: And there are apparently a few different ways to eat it! One is to break it into individual rings!
Airi: You can also break it into pieces with a group of friends using mallets like you do for a barrel of sake.
Haruka: Breaking it into pieces seems a bit of a shame, but doing it with friends does sound like fun.
Minori: Yeah, it'd be so memorable!
Minori: And I'm sure OneMillionFriends actually has a lot of friends in real life.
Minori: They'll get to look back on this White Day and reminisce about what they did for the rest of their lives!
Shizuku: Especially since you and your friends from school can be in the same class one year and completely scattered the next.
Haruka: I feel like this is a good way to approach this topic.
Airi: I agree.
Airi: But we can analyze and draw conclusions after we've presented our results.
Haruka: Good point.
Minori: So, Haruka, Shizuku, back to you two!
Haruka: Okay. Next, this other thing we found...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: The snacks are all ready!
Haruka: We're also ready to start the stream.
Airi: We secured a slot, right?
Haruka: Yeah, we just got the alert saying it starts in thirty minutes, so we still have some time left to make sure we're fully ready.
Minori: I just looked us up a second ago, and it seems like a lot of people are really looking forward to this stream. Some are even trying to guess what we'll be talking about!
Shizuku: They're also making sure to use the hashtag for our stream. That's so nice of them.
Airi: Hehe. If we can get enough people to watch, then our stream might start popping up in the trending section.
Minori: Whoa! Our stream? In the trending section...?
Haruka: Yeah. We haven't been able to advertise our stream much since we're still doing it from the school's rooftop...
Haruka: But we should be able to take it to the next level once we start streaming from the MORE MORE HOUSE.
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: But still...
Minori: That means we won't be streaming from up here for much longer.
Shizuku: It is sad considering how long we've been streaming from up here.
Airi: Yeah...
Airi: But we're about to take a huge step, so there's no time for tears!
Airi: Anyway, we have to get ready for this stream!
Minori: Right!
(Black cut)
Minori: The wait is over, everyone! Today's stream starts now!
Airi, Shizuku & Haruka: Yay!
Comments: <Yay!> <I'm back again.> <First-time viewer! I'm super excited!>
Minori: Oh, we have some first-time viewers with us here today! Welcome!
Haruka: Welcome. We'll do our best to make sure all our viewers, new and old, have an enjoyable time.
Comments: <Haruka's so cute...> <That smile! It's too much!> <Whatcha guys doin' today?>
Airi: We know that some of you are curious about today's segment!
Airi: So, let's cut to the chase and jump right in! Today's segment is called...
Shizuku: The White Day Gift Showcase Special♪
Airi, Minori & Haruka: Yay!
Minori: One of our viewers, who apparently has many friends, sent us a message saying, “I'm having trouble deciding what to get all my friends for White Day.”
Haruka: It was clear that they wished to show their friends the appreciation they deserve by getting them some nice gifts.
Airi: And MORE MORE JUMP! is here to help. We'll be presenting a bunch of gifts that we really recommend♪
Comments: <Right. White Day's coming up.> <Cool. I also wasn't sure what to get.> <Can't wait to see your recommendations!>
Minori: Alright, let's start with our first gift idea!
Minori: Check it out! It's a make-your-own chocolate fortune teller!
(Black cut)
Minori: ...and that's all the gifts MORE MORE JUMP! recommends you get for White Day!
Airi: When you're buying for a lot of people on a limited budget, you might only be able to give each person one piece of candy or chocolate, which might not seem like much.
Airi: But with all these fun gifts we introduced, there are ways to make even one small give be really memorable, be it candy that looks like real jewels or omikuji chocolates!
Shizuku: These gifts can also help you get to know someone better since they serve as such fun conversation starters.
Haruka: Even after they've eaten your gift, the memories you made together will persist for a long time.
Minori: We know that some of these gifts require a lot of time and effort to get ready.
Minori: But that process should be really fun since you get to think about how your friends are going to react when they see what you prepared for them!
Comments: <Yeah, that does sound like fun!> <You'd be the most popular person in class!> <It would be nice if everyone came up and asked me for one.>
Minori: (Thank goodness...! They seem to be really enjoying this segment!)
Minori: (Looking up everything online and going to all those stores was pretty grueling...)
Minori: (But this makes it all worth—)
Minori: Oh...
OneMillionFriends: <Thanks for telling us about all these great gift ideas! I'll do my best to make this White Day a really memorable one!>
Minori: The thing is, I have a couple of friends who are working really hard to show their appreciation for everyone who's been supporting them!
Airi: Yeah, Minori and I have been lending them a hand.
Minori: We have!
Minori: So, we want you all to know that we'll be cheering you on this White Day!
Minori: One, two...!
Minori, Airi, Haruka & Shizuku: Good luck, everyone!
Minori: Have a nice White Day! Bye bye!
(Black cut)
