901_Minori Hanasato_R3 All Tuckered Out (event_126)

Gacha phrase: Shamo... Go...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato)

[Hanasato Household - Living Room]

Minori's Voice (Minori): I'm back!
Minori's Mother: Welcome home. I placed the towel for wiping his paws right over there.
Minori's Voice (Minori): Thanks! Alright, Samo, lemme see your paws so I can clean them.
Minori's Voice (Minori): No, wait! I'm not finished! Lift up your hind legs for me again.
Minori: Okay, Samo, you can come in now.
Samo: Woof!
Minori's Mother: He must've played quite a lot. How was Shibao? Is he doing well?
Minori: Yeah, he was full of energy!
Minori: But he did seem to put on a little weight. His vet apparently even said that he needs to exercise more.
Minori's Mother: Oh, I see... So, did he get a good workout today?
Minori: Yeah, we exercised a ton! You had fun doing disc dog today, right, Samo?
Samo: Pant...! Pant...!
Minori's Mother: Huh? Disc dog? Does that mean you threw a flying disc around and had him catch it?
Minori: Yeah, so...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: What if Max knows that you're hurt...?
Honami: I think he's staying put because he doesn't want you to keep throwing that disc...
Minori: Oh, so... He doesn't want to fetch the disc because he doesn't want to force his partner to keep throwing it?
(White cut)
Minori: Wait, would it be possible for Max and I to enter into that competition...?!
Ishihara: Huh...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori's Mother: What?! You're going to take his place, Minori?
Minori: Wait, I haven't finished...!
Minori: I wanted to take his place in the competition, but I had so much trouble getting the disc to fly straight...
Minori: Which is where Kohane's friend, Shinonome, comes in... Even though he doesn't really like dogs, he said he'd participate.
Minori's Mother: Oh, he doesn't like dogs? Is he going to be okay...?
Minori: I was a little worried too...
Minori: But he's become friends with Max after practicing lots and lots together. Now, he has no trouble taking the disc back!
Minori's Mother: I see. That's good to hear...
Minori: Oh, also... That competition's tomorrow!
Minori: I'm gonna go cheer Shinonome and Max on, then head over to work and...
Minori: *Yawn*
Minori: That's weird... I slept really well last night...
Minori's Mother: You must be tired after all that activity. Why don't you get some rest before heading out again?
Minori: Yeah, maybe I should... Night...
Minori's Mother: Minori? Wouldn't you rather sleep in your room...?
Minori: *Mumble*
Minori's Mother: Oh, you... Alright, let's get you a blanket...
Minori: *Mumble*
Samo: *Whimper*
Minori: Hm? What's wrong, Samo...?
Minori: Do you wanna sleep with me...? Okay. Come here, boy.
Samo: Woof...!
Minori: Hehe... You're like a big, fluffy body pillow...
Minori: Good night, Samo...
Minori's Mother: Oh, Samo also fell asleep...
Minori's Mother: Hehe. It's nice that you two love each other so much, but you're going to catch a cold if you're not careful.
Minori's Mother: Okay, that should do it.
Minori's Mother: Sleep tight, Minori, Samo.
Minori: Shamo... Go...
Samo: Woof...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Nonogi Park]

Minori: *Stretch* It's so nice out! We couldn't have asked for a better day to throw a disc around!
Minori: Right, Samo?!
Samo: ...? Woof!
Shizuku: Yes, it is very nice out today.
Airi: Yeah, which makes our shoot getting postponed just that much more unfortunate.
Haruka: There wasn't much they could do since the place we were going said we couldn't do today. Fortunately, it wasn't canceled. We at least got to reschedule.
Shizuku: Yes, so let's have a nice, fun time with Samo today.
Airi: *Sigh* I really wish we were doing a livestream of this at least...!
Haruka: But you were the one who said we shouldn't stream here since one of the other parkgoers might walk into our frame or our viewers might decide to come partway through.
Haruka: So, let's do our best to make up for that by taking some good pictures and shorts and posting them online.
Airi: Right. Let's take some that'll really make our viewers smile!
Minori: Hey, we can play with our disc over here!
Airi: Okay, be right there!
(Black cut)
Minori: Alright, let's begin our fun disc dog photo shoot!
Shizuku: Yay♪
Haruka: Mind showing us how it's done, Minori?
Minori: Sure! But I can't really guarantee anything...
Airi: We knew that going in.
Airi: You even said so yourself on our way over. You kept throwing all over the place when you were practicing with Akito and the others, right?
Haruka: It's okay, Minori. There's no one else near us, so we can go retrieve it wherever it goes.
Minori: Okay! Then...
Minori: Here goes!
Haruka: Oh, it really veered off sideways...!
Airi: Don't just stare! We gotta go get it...
Shizuku: Airi, wait.
Samo: Woof...!
Haruka: Wow...! I didn't know Samo could run that fast!
Airi: Yeah, he might be able to catch the disc!
Samo: Woof...!
Haruka, Shizuku & Airi: *Gasp*
Minori: H-He caught it!
Minori: Oh, Samo, welcome back! That was amazing! You really are the best! Come here, boy!
Samo: Pant...! Pant...! Pant...! Woof!
Airi: You're so athletic, Samo! And I think we just got ourselves an unbelievable pic!
Haruka: Minori's throw was also a bit unbelievable...
Minori: Haha... Sorry I couldn't set a better example...
Haruka: You were gripping the disc really hard it seems, so why don't you try relaxing your hold a bit?
Haruka: Like this. Keep it flat at chest level, and move your hand straight forward...
Samo: Woof...!
Haruka: Oh...! Samo caught it again!
Airi: I guess we humans are the only ones who need more practice.
Shizuku: I'd like to learn how to throw as well.
Minori: Oh, me too! Please teach me how to become better at throwing the disc!
Haruka: Then, let's start by passing it to each other.
Shizuku: Okay. In that case, we should give ourselves some more space.
Minori: You take a quick breather, Samo!
Samo: ...?
Haruka: Hehe. The way he tilts his head is so cute.
Airi: Yeah.
Airi: Still, I didn't think he'd work so hard to catch a disc that wasn't thrown by his owner... I can't tell if he's a kind dog or if he's just that eager.
Haruka: His personality may be a reflection of his owner's.
Airi: Haha! Totally!
Minori: Hey, Haruka! Airi! Am I good here?
Haruka: Yeah, perfect! Get ready!
Haruka: Catch!
Samo: ...!
Haruka & Airi: Oh no...
Samo: Pant...! Pant...! Woof!
Minori: S-Samo! Shizuku and I are gonna practice with that! Give it back!
Haruka, Shizuku & Airi: Hehe. Haha!
(Black cut)
