908_Minori Hanasato_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: I have no regrets...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[A few days before Minori's birthday]

[Odaiba Animal Land]

Minori: Here we aaare!
Minori: Hehehe, this really takes me back to when I shadowed as a zookeeper here with Shiho!
Minori: I'm so happy I get to celebrate my birthday here! Thank you, everyone!
Airi: Don't mention it. We wanted to come here too.
Shizuku: Yes, and not to mention the stream—
Minori: Huh? Stream?
Airi: Ack! Uh...!
Haruka: C'mon, Shizuku. Let's enjoy our day off and not talk about work.
Shizuku: *Gasp* Y-You're right, I'm sorry. I must have work on my mind.
Haruka: Anyway, Minori, did you bring something proving your date of birth?
Airi: They won't let you get the birthday package without that. Did you remember?
Minori: Yup! I've got my student ID with me!
Haruka: Hehe, perfect. Well then, let's enjoy today to the fullest!
Minori, Airi & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Nakazawa: Here's your Happy Petter Ticket, available only to guests who visit us on their birthday.
Nakazawa: Present this ticket at any of the spots marked with hearts on the map, and you'll be able to pet and feed our animals there. Enjoy, Ms. Hanasato!
Minori: Wow! Thank you, Mr. Nakazawa!
Nakazawa: It's no trouble at all. It's our pleasure to have you back here again. Have a pleasant visit!
Minori: We will!
Haruka: Well then, where to start?
Minori: Heh heh heh... I'm way ahead of you!
Airi: Oh, it looks like someone came well-prepared.
Minori: Hehehe, I was so excited yesterday that I did a ton of research...
Minori: ...so, in conclusion! I want to start with the Fluffy Fluff Petting Zoo over there!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Look at all these chicks. Hehe, they're so cute— Wah!
Minori: Whoa...! They're all crowding up to Haruka's hands...
Haruka: Hehehe. Their little beaks are tickling me.
Minori: *Gasp* Wh-What do I do, Airi? Haruka and the chicks are both so cute, I can't stop taking pictures!
Airi: Relax, you can take as many photos as you like today. Let's move once Haruka's done.
(Black cut)
Minori: Aww! The chipmunks are so fuzzy and cute!
Minori: Huh? Miku and Rin?!
Rin (MMJ): <Hehehe. You said you were gonna go to the zoo, so we thought we'd drop by♪ Ooh, are those chipmunks?!>
Minori: They are! Wanna take a closer look?
Miku (MMJ): <Yes please! Wow, look how their cheeks are bulging! Hehe, I guess they like their food.>
(Black cut)
Minori: And last but absolutely not least, this feathered friend!
Schubert: ...
Minori: I missed you, Schubert! I'm gonna feed you now, okay?
Airi: Uh... Are you sure you're gonna be okay? What if he bites your fingers off...?
Haruka: Hehe, don't worry about it. Minori and Schubert are birds of a feather.
Airi: Yikes, what was that?!
Haruka: Hmm, I remember the zookeeper here saying that shoebills clatter their beaks like that to display affection.
Haruka: See, Schubert's bowing back to her.
Shizuku: Hehe, how adorable.
Haruka: And it looks like he's enjoying his meal. He must be glad to be reunited with Minori.
Minori: Schubeeert!
Airi: I guess Minori's enough of a wild animal herself to be at home here. I had nothing to worry about.
(Black cut)

[Odaiba Animal Land - Cafe]

Airi: Well, we got to see a whole ton of stuff, so let's take a break and then head home.
Minori: Sure! Let's see, what to order...
Waiter: Thank you for waiting. Here's your cake made with seasonal fruits.
Minori: Huh? Um... But we didn't order yet...
Airi: Hehe. It's a few days early, but... Happy birthday, Minori!
Haruka & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Minori: Huh?! Wait, did you get me a cake?!
Shizuku: Yes. We reserved it in advance.
Haruka: Thank you for helping make this happen.
Waiter: It was nothing... Um... Happy birthday, Minori!
Minori: Huh?
Waiter: I, um... I'm actually a fan of yours...
Minori: Whaaat?!
Minori: Y-You guys got one of my fans to pretend to be a waiter here?!
Airi: What kind of masterminds do you think we are?!
Haruka: It's such a coincidence. To think we'd run into one of your fans right when we're doing this.
Minori: Oh... Um! Thank you for your constant support!
Waiter: N-No, I need to be thanking you, Minori! You help me give it my all every day!
Minori: Oh...
Minori: Thank you very much! Hearing that from you is gonna help me do more and more too!
Waiter: Hehe, I'm glad to hear it! You're doing a stream on your birthday, right? I'm really looking forward to it!
Minori: That's right! I promise to make it a really entertaining one, so you won't be disappointed!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

[Minori's birthday]

[Rental Meeting Room]

Haruka: And so...
Haruka: Thanks for waiting, everyone! It's time to get started with Minori's birthday livestream!
Airi & Shizuku: Yay!
Comments: <At last!> <Oh, it's starting!> <Minoriii!!! Happy birthdaaay!!!>
Minori: Thank you everyone! I'm so happy you're all tuning in to celebrate with me!
Airi: And let's begin with a showstopper! Minori, do the honors!
Minori: Got it! Feast your eyes on this, guys! It's my birthday cake♪
Haruka & Shizuku: Ta-da!
Comments: <Oh, a cake!> <A bird...with a big bill...?> <Is that a shoebill?>
Minori: Oh, that's correct! It's a type of bird called a shoebill!
Minori: Airi bought it for me, and... Come to think of it, where did you find this amazing cake?
Airi: Hehe, that's insider knowledge♪
Comments: <But why a shoebill?>
Minori: Oh, funny story! The other day, we went to the zoo and—
Airi: Okay, I'll stop you right there! It's time for a surprise!
Minori: Huh?
Airi: Heh heh heh... Minori, I told you that you'd be telling us about your favorite animals for this part...
Airi: But actually, we planned a secret segment!
Minori: What?! A secret segment...?!
Airi: Yes! Get ready for... “Minori Hanasato's Day Off: MORE MORE JUMP! Go to the Zoo”!
Minori: *Gasp* Y-You don't mean...
Shizuku: When we all went to the zoo the other day, we were secretly getting it all on video.
Shizuku: And now we'd like you all to appreciate the sight of Minori relaxing with her animal friends.
Minori: Y-You guys were seriously doing that? I had no idea!
Comments: <Minori on a day off?!> <No but for real, I gotta see this!> <MMJ at the zoo... Yes please...>
Shizuku: Hehe, it looks like everyone's excited to watch. Well then, I'll press play!
Haruka: When we want to take our time with a certain part, we'll say, “Stop!” Let us know in the comments if there are any parts you're curious about.
Airi: Now let's get started!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Oh, this part is the Rainforest Area! This was when you—
Airi: <Say, Minori... Why do you think this tiger won't stop staring at me?>
(Background change)
Minori: Oh, stop! Look at Airi! Her getting into a staring contest with that tiger was so cute!
Airi: That tiger gave me such an intense look. After a while, it started to feel like a competition to see who would look away first...
Airi: And I lost. I have to hand it to that tiger, she was a determined one.
Shizuku: Hehe. Maybe she was drawn to someone as determined as you, Airi.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: <Oh no... These chicks won't leave me alone...>
(Background change)
Minori: Oh, stop, stop! Haruka getting pecked by all those chicks was so, so, so amazing!
Minori: Everyone, look closely! See how the second chick from the right is...
Airi: We're gonna be here a while...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: <Y-You can do it, Mr. Chipmunk...! I'll be as still and tree-like as I can...!>
(Background change)
Minori: Oh, stop here too!
Airi: Again?! It hasn't even been ten seconds since the last time!
Minori: B-But! That tiny chipmunk is trying to climb up to Shizuku's shoulder!
(Black cut)
Minori: Huff... Huff... Huff... I-I talked myself hoarse...
Airi: Seriously... You didn't need to do all the heavy lifting like that.
Comments: <Minori really stole the show today.> <I've never seen Minori talk so much...> <I get it though! They were all so cute!>
Minori: Hehehe... I got to talk so much that I wrecked my throat... I have no regrets...
Haruka: It sounds like you've got no more gas in the tank...
Airi: Geez... Well then, I'll take us home on Minori's behalf. Everyone, thank you all again for celebrating Minori's birthday with us!
Minori: I-I promise to keep doing my best... So please continue to support me...!
Comments: <She's totally lost her voice lol> <Well done Minori!> <Happy birthday!>
Haruka: Well then, until next time, everyone!
Minori: *Sigh* I-I'm so tired...
Haruka: Hehe, well done, Minori. It looks like the fans enjoyed how into it you were.
Minori: Hehehe, I'm glad! Although you guys really surprised me...
Shizuku: Hehe. Actually, Minori... We're not done surprising you.
Minori: Huh?
Airi: Remember how you were curious earlier? You wondered where I got this shoebill cake from.
Minori: Yeah, I did...
Airi: The truth is...
Saki: Ta-daaa! We made it!
Minori: Whaaat?! Saki?! Shiho?! Honami?!
Emu: Hiya there☆
Minori: You guys too?! Wait, so this cake...
Airi: Yep! We all made it together!
Shizuku: Hehe. Shii did the finishing touches by making the shoebill out of cookies and cream♪
Shiho: I was surprised to get asked to do that out of the blue... But Honami, Saki and Momoi helped out, and we managed.
Minori: Really? It's amazing that you guys made such a cute cake...!
Haruka: Hehe. But apparently, there's more than just cake.
Minori: Huh?
Ichika: That's right. We brought you a present too.
Kohane: Um, it's this collage photo frame...
Minori: Photo frame? Whoa, it's got all these animals on it! That's so cute!
Kohane: Ichika, Emu and I made it so you could have some way of displaying the photos you took at the zoo. We hope you like it.
Emu: We made it so the shoebill and the penguin and all the other critters look like they're holding up the pictures!
Minori: Oh, thank you! I'm so going to put this on display in my room!
Emu: Hehehe, Operation: So Many Surprises was a success!
Shizuku: Well then, we still have the shoebill cake, so how about we dig in?
Airi: Agreed! It's time for round two of Minori's birthday party!
Minori: Yeah!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000303/bg_s000303.webp)
Honami: Happy birthday, Hanasato! Momoi and I decided on the flavor of your shoebill cake together. I was so pleased that it was to your liking.
Shiho: I paid a lot of attention to detail when I was designing that Schubert cake. I wanted it to be true to life since me and you fed him together. Let's go visit him again sometime.
Saki: Oh, I wanna join you! It looked so fun when you were feeding him, Minori!
Kohane: Happy birthday, Minori! We all worked really hard on that photo frame, so I'm glad you liked it. Let's take a group photo later!
Ichika: Kohane designed the photo frame, and Otori and I attached the animals. We put a lot of love into it, so we hope you get some use out of it.
Emu: My favorite is the red panda on the top left! She's super cute, and she looks kinda like you, Minori!
Mizuki: Happy biiirthday, Minori♪ You talked so much on the stream! Getting to see my idol all lit up like that on her birthday was such a treat!
Akito: Akiyama badgered me into watching and kept saying, “I totally get it!” over and over... But, I guess that goes to show how talented an entertainer you are.
Nene: Your excitement was pretty infectious, Hanasato. I couldn't help but smile too.
An: That stream was awesome! It was like you were sharing your happiness with us all! I hope you've had an amazing birthday!
Kanade: Happy birthday, Hanasato. I watched your stream, and I felt like the way you interacted with all those animals really summed up who you are.
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Hanasato. It can't be easy having to balance your career with studies, but I hope you keep up your idol work with Hinomori and the others.
Rui: Happy birthday, Hanasato. I hope Robo-Dog and Samo can have a playdate sometime. I'd appreciate some data on large dogs.
Ena: Happy birthday, Minori. I found some lipstick that I think would look good on you, so I'll get Airi to pass it on to you.
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Minori. I love that you bring so much energy into our lives. Please don't ever lose that wonderful part of you.
Airi: Hehe, agreed. Even when I'm feeling down, talking to you perks me right up! You're one adorable junior.
Haruka: Minori, I'm so happy we're in this group together. Let's keep giving it our all as members of MORE MORE JUMP!
Haruka: I know I said it already, but happy birthday, Minori!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Everyone! Thank you so much for always looking out for me!
Minori: So, a lot has been happening lately. We went on TV, we found our MORE MORE HOUSE... It feels like, step by step, I'm moving toward my dream.
Minori: Hehe... And I owe it all to all of you who support me.
Minori: I'm going to do more and more to keep delivering hope! So I hope you'll keep giving me your support!
(White cut)
