921_Minori Hanasato_R4 All I've Felt (event_130)

Gacha phrase: Do your best, okay?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Minori: (I'm so glad that the four of us got to watch the episode of Mr. Arimura's show we were on together!)
Minori: (They showed us a lot more than I was expecting, and we've been getting a lot of responses on social media too!)
Minori: (I know we were just replacements, but I'm glad we decided to do our best!
???: Minori!
Minori: Hm? Hi, Michiko! Morning!
Michiko: Morning! I had a feeling that we wouldn't get to see each other as much after being put in different classes, but not this much.
Minori: Sorry, I'm not actually at school a lot these days because of work and stuff...
Michiko: Oh, I saw you all on Arimura's show yesterday! I watched it together with my family!
Minori: R-Really?! Wh-What did you think...?!
Michiko: We really enjoyed it! Especially the fashion check segment. My big sister and I tried to predict who would win as we watched.
Michiko: And I picked you to win, Minori!
Michiko: But my dad got mad at me for cheering and shouting after you'd won.
Minori: Haha! You cheered that much? That kinda makes me happy.
Classmates: Oh, Hanasato, I saw you on that show! I really liked the segment you girls came up with for the beginning...!
Classmates: I watched too, Minori!
Classmates: Me three! I can't believe you got to appear on that show!
Minori: No, uhh...! W-We just got lucky is all. But thanks for watching!
Classmates: We saw it too. Actually, we were just talking about it.
Classmates: Yeah! The segment where you tried those souvenir snacks was really cute.
Minori: C-Cute? I don't know about that... Hehe...
Classmates: We mean it! None of you sang or anything, but you all shined and dazzled like real idols!
Minori: R-Real idols...?!
Classmates: Also...
Minori: W-W-Wait! P-Please!
Minori: My cheekbones will reach my ears from smiling so much if you keep showering me with praise like that!
Classmates: Haha! You're so funny, Minori.
Classmates: Oh, I bet a lot more people know about your group now because of that show!
Minori: What?! I mean... Th-That'd be really great!
Classmates: Haha! Hehe.
(Black cut)
Minori: Humhumhuum♪
Minori: (I can't believe so many people watched. That makes me so happy...)
Minori: Hehe. I'm grinning like a little kid again.
Minori: But I'm really glad that they enjoyed it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Audience Member A: And MORE MORE JUMP! is trying their best...
Audience Member B: But I still wish LiLia were here.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (I really didn't know what to do after hearing them say that...)
Minori: (Oh, but... If I didn't overhear them...)
???: Minori!
Minori: Oh!
Minori: Morning, Haruka!
Haruka: Morning. Is something on your mind? You seemed deep in thought.
Minori: What?! How did you know I was...?!
Haruka: Hehe. You were walking while staring at the ground. Also, you passed our classroom.
Minori: Huh...?
Minori: Oh no! You're right! How did I end up in front of Class E?!
Haruka: So, what's on your mind?
Minori: Oh, so! I was just thinking about that shoot we did and...!
Haruka: ...which is why you were wondering what would've happened if you hadn't overheard them.
Haruka: That is a good question. You may be right in thinking that they would've gone home fairly dissatisfied.
Minori: Yeah...
Haruka: But I wouldn't worry too much since you're taking the time now to reflect upon what happened.
Haruka: At least now you sort of know what to do next time when we're faced with people who were expecting to see someone else.
Haruka: Right?
Minori: Oh...
Minori: Yeah, you're right! I know exactly what I need to do next time!
Haruka: And don't forget to ask us for help then, okay?
Minori: Hehe. Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Minori's Room]

Minori: Wow, I really like this...! It's close to what I had in mind!
Minori: Oh, so is this one...!
Minori: Hehe. I was surprised by how many hits my search got, but I should be able to find something good now.
Minori: Oh...! Th-This one's...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: *Yawn*
Miku (MMJ): Are you okay, Minori...? You look really sleepy...
MEIKO (MMJ): Have you been getting enough rest? I know you've all been very busy lately.
Minori: Oh, no! I'm fine! I just stayed up a little late looking up stuff last night.
Haruka: Looking up stuff? Are you talking about that variety show we'll be appearing on soon?
Airi: Hey, that's great. You started doing research after our meeting for it?
Shizuku: I was going to do the same, but my phone was out of battery. I spent quite a lot of time searching for the charger cord last night.
Airi: Oh, for the love of...
Minori: Anyway, I'm totally fine! Let's start practicing!
Len (MMJ): Right. We've really been looking forward to having practice with all of you here.
Miku (MMJ): So, let's do our best today!
Minori: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Minori, Airi, Haruka & Shizuku: Nice work today!
Miku & Co.: Nice work today♪ Nice work today!
Minori: (Phew... I'm glad that I was able to get through practice considering how sleepy I was before we began...)
Rin (MMJ): Hey, do you all have work after this?
Airi: No, we're dealing with a bunch of paperwork today. There's a whole pile of surveys and interview articles for magazines that we haven't had a chance to look at yet.
Minori: E-Excuse me, everyone!
Haruka: Is something wrong, Minori?
Minori: Mind if we headed over to the field? There's something I'd like for you to all see.
KAITO (MMJ): The field?
Shizuku: Oh, do you mean...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Flower Field]

Luka (MMJ): I had a feeling that you wanted us to come here.
Minori: Yup! I thought it'd be easier to imagine things if we did it here.
Haruka: Imagine?
Minori: Remember what we talked about the last time we were here?
Minori: About how all the flowers would look like the sea of glowsticks we're going to see when we do our show at the Dome?!
Haruka: Hehe. I remember.
Minori: That's why I decided to start looking for a place in our world that could mimic that!
Rin (MMJ): So, a place with lots and lots of flowers like this field?
Minori: Yeah! Check out this picture!
Miku (MMJ): Wow, that's amazing! Flowers as far as the eye can see!
Luka (MMJ): It's beautiful... I can't believe that a place like this exists.
Len (MMJ): Wait, aren't these all the same type of flower?
Haruka: These flowers are baby blue eyes.
Airi: Where we're from, this park's really famous.
Shizuku: I had the privilege of going one time for a photo shoot. It was so beautiful.
KAITO (MMJ): Hehe. I have a feeling that you spent quite a lot of time looking for a place with blue flowers, Minori.
Minori: Hehe...
Minori: This field contains a lot of different types of flowers, so it won't ever look like this field of baby blue eyes...
Minori: But then, a thought occurred to me.
Minori: It must be similar to the view you saw when you did that show at the Dome.
Minori: Right, Haruka?
Haruka: Hehe. It wasn't this spacious. I mean, there's probably enough room here for ten Domes.
Haruka: Still...
Haruka: I do agree that these blue flowers look like the glowsticks all my fans were waving around.
Minori: ...!
Shizuku: Then, our goal moving forward will be to make as many flowers bloom here as with this field.
Airi: Yeah...
Airi: By the way, Minori... Is this what you were looking up before we started practice?
Minori: What?! N-No, uhh... I... I washn't...!
MEIKO (MMJ): Haha. You're tripping over your own words...
Airi: Miinoorii?
Minori: No! I'm sorry! I couldn't help myself! I had to start looking after the thought of us doing a show at the Dome popped into my head!
Airi: Oh, you... I won't stop you, but you gotta stay in good playing condition.
Airi: Think about what would happen if you were to yawn in front of a TV crew.
Minori: I-I'm sorry! I'll be careful!
Shizuku & Haruka: Hehe.
(Black cut)
