933_Minori Hanasato_R4 Watch Me Transform! (event_132)

Gacha phrase: Ta-daa! Look how I've transformed...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Nonogi Park]

Minori: Thanks for joining us here today, everyone!
Miku & Rin: <Of course♪>
Shizuku: We're happy to see the rest of you all here as well.
Luka (MMJ): <Thank you for letting us join you for such a fun-sounding idea♪>
KAITO (MMJ): <Yes, we've all really been looking forward to this.>
Haruka: Then, we'll need to do our best to meet your expectations. Take it away, Minori.
Minori: Okay!
Minori: So, I've been thinking about doing a segment called “Walking with Minori” on our channel. It'll involve me going to all the places everyone wants me to visit!
Minori: And guess what?! I'll be streaming it solo!
Rin (MMJ): <You get to do your own stream?! That's so cool♪>
Minori: Hehe... Yeah, it is.
Airi: Alright, Rin, don't get her too worked up. We haven't actually given it the green light yet.
Rin (MMJ): <Wait, really?>
Minori: So, we need to make sure that I'm going to be able to handle things on my own and deal with emergencies okay.
Minori: That's why we asked you guys to join us. We need you to be the viewers for episode zero of “Walking with Minori.”
Haruka: Shizuku, Airi and I will be playing that same role, right?
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: As the viewers, instead of posting comments, I'll need you all to tell me what you think directly.
Airi: We need to see how she handles people's comments, so feel free to say some really outrageous stuff! Otherwise, this won't be a good test.
Len (MMJ): <But I don't want to feel like we're bullying her...>
MEIKO (MMJ): <This is for Minori's sake, so let's steel our hearts as best we can!>
Miku (MMJ): <And don't worry, Minori! We know you'll do great♪>
Minori: Yeah, I'll do my best!
(Black cut)
Minori: Hi, everyone!
Minori: Today, I'll be kicking off a brand-new solo stream called “Walking with Minori!”
Minori: As you can probably tell from the title, I'll be going on walks while carrying my phone around! Let's hear some applause♪
Shizuku, Rin & Miku: Go, Minori♪ <Go, Minori♪>
Minori: But before we go for our walk, I'd like to tell you guys about why I decided to start doing this!
Airi: Oh, you're gonna explain? I was just about to comment on that.
Minori: To our delight, MORE MORE JUMP! has been receiving a mountain of offers for work!
Minori: Most are for our group, but we've each been getting solo offers as well! It's been really great!
Luka (MMJ): <Getting to see you girls on TV more has made me so happy♪>
Miku (MMJ): <That episode of Arimura's show you were on was so good!>
Rin (MMJ): <I want more and more people to learn about MORE MORE JUMP!>
Minori: Thanks for all your kind words. We plan on doing our best moving forward!
Minori: But we also want to keep doing livestreams, since they mean a lot to us.
Minori: Which is why I decided to try my hand at doing streams on my own! So that we can all stay connected!
Minori: That's what “Walking with Minori” is gonna be about!
Minori: I'm gonna do everything in my power to make sure we all have a good time together!
Minori: Anyway, we can walk while we talk! Let's go♪
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Those flowers are so pretty. Can you go a little closer?
Minori: Sure, let's have a look... They're beautiful, and so colorful♪
Haruka: Can we see you with the flowers?
Minori: Huh? Me? Gimme one second!
Airi: They have rent-a-bikes over there! It seems like a great time to go cycling!
KAITO (MMJ): <What do they have at that shop over there?!>
Len (MMJ): <You doing some food reviews could be fun.>
Minori: (Oh no! Everyone's talking all at once!)
Minori: (But that's when I need to stay calm...!)
Minori: (Uhh... I know! First, I'll show me with these flowers...)
Minori: Alright, everyone, how's this...? Can you see the flowers okay?
Miku (MMJ): <You look really cute♪>
Shizuku: Minori's so composed...
Haruka: Yeah. I can't say for sure, but I think she's giving herself time to think while posing.
Airi: Don't jump on that cycling comment, Minori. You only have one hand free because of your phone...
(Black cut)
Miku (MMJ): <Nice work, Minori!>
MEIKO (MMJ): <That ended up being a nice walk♪ We got to see some flowers and visit that shop together.>
Haruka: And you did a good job of pausing temporarily while you went to get permission to film inside.
Shizuku: It was also nice of you to gently remind everyone that cycling wasn't an option because you needed one hand to hold your phone.
Airi: Yeah, that'll help your viewers come up with ideas that you can actually do on the spot.
Haruka: Still, that was a really fun walk. I hope the real thing is just as enjoyable!
Minori: Okay! Wait, the real thing...?
Minori: Does that mean...?!
Airi: “Walking with Minori” has been approved!
Minori: *Gasp*
KAITO (MMJ): <We'll be rooting for you!>
MEIKO (MMJ): <We believe in you, Minori♪>
Minori: Thanks! I, Minori Hanasato, promise to do my absolute best!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Okay, everyone, it's almost time. Are you all ready?
Shizuku: We're ready over here.
Airi: More importantly, did you bring the video in question?
Minori: Yup! It's right here!
Haruka: Then, we should be able to start right on time.
(Black cut)
Minori: Thanks for waiting, everyone! It's time for another MORE MORE JUMP! livestream!
Airi, Haruka & Shizuku: Yay♪
Comments: <Finally!> <I got so excited after hearing that all four of you would be here!> <I'm so glad you're all together!>
Minori: Oh, a lot of people are saying in the comments that they're happy to see all of us together!
Haruka: Thanks, everyone. We've also been looking forward to this.
Airi: There's actually something we wanted to talk about together.
Airi: How many of you guys watched “Walking with Minori” the other day?
Shizuku: That was an incredible episode. She bumped into her friends and ran into a bit of trouble.
Minori: Haha... It ended up becoming a really, really long walk.
Comments: <Seeing you in that dress made my day!> <I liked how fun and chaotic things got.> <Really? Now I regret not watching.>
Haruka: Yeah, like some of you just mentioned, that dress was pretty amazing. I liked how the flowers embroidered on her dress matched the accessories she wore.
Minori: Hehe. The stylist decided to include as many flowers as possible, since it's a part of my name...
Airi: Then, did they also pick out that really soft color for your dress?
Airi: I thought something close to a bright primary color would suit you really well, but your dress had such a grown-up feel to it.
Minori: Exactly!
Minori: I was worried the beauty of the dress I wore would steal the spotlight, but they took the time to find something that really suited me.
Comments: <A true professional.> <You looked so cute, Minori!> <And it was so you to have trouble walking around while wearing it. I really enjoyed that.>
Minori: Haha... Yeah, I did have a lot of trouble walking around. I mean, it was such a pretty dress. I had to be really careful not to step on it.
Shizuku: But you ended up performing in that show while wearing it.
Airi: Yeah! I got a quick break from work, so I decided to tune into “Walking with Minori.” I almost fell out of my chair when I saw you performing on stage.
Haruka: Oh, I missed the show. I was in the middle of an interview.
Comments: <That was a great show!> <Wait, what show?> <I wish I saw it. What was it about?>
Minori: Guess what?! I got special permission for us to watch it together, so you'll all get to see the show!
Airi: While we're at it, we should talk about what's going on to provide some audio commentary.
Shizuku: Yes, let's do that!
Comments: <Really? Yes!> <That sounds like fun!> <Plus live commentary?! This stream's got it all!>
Minori: As nervous as I am about hearing what you're all going to say, let's get the show started!
Minori: And play!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Live House Angel (Minori): “Deciding not to have a wedding before you even know anything about them would be such a big shame!”
Live House Angel (Minori): “That's why we're gonna give you a tour of the wide world of weddings today!”
(Background change)
Airi: Your acting's pretty good, considering you basically jumped in at the last minute.
Haruka: Yeah. Your movements with each line have that theatrical feel to them.
Minori: Hehe. Nene... Oh, the girl who played the lead gave me a bunch of tips!
(Background change)
Live House Angel (Minori): “I'll be showing you a live house wedding!”
Woman (Nene): “A live house wedding?”
Live House Angel (Minori): “That's right! They're weddings that involve singing, dancing and having lots of fun with everyone!”
Live House Angel (Minori): “Just like a...”
(Background change)
Shizuku: Oh, I like how you stopped mid-sentence there.
Minori: U-Uhh...
Minori: The truth is... I forgot what I was supposed to say...
Shizuku: Oh, really? I honestly couldn't tell.
Airi: That was a bit of a long pause, but I thought you were just building it up, since you were the last one to show her your world...
Haruka: So, does that mean Kusanagi's ad-libbing this entire part...?
Minori: Yeah! That's right!
Minori: She cleverly put together her lines with the one I was supposed to say and guided me to the part where I say, “I'm sure of it!”
Minori: Thank you so much, Nene! You really saved the show there...!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Nice work, everyone. We haven't streamed together for a while, so that was really fun.
Shizuku: Right. And everyone seemed to really enjoy the part where we watched Minori's show.
Airi: We have you to thank for doing such a good job of explaining what happened.
Airi: Also, “Walking with Minori” seems to be going pretty well, so keep up the good work!
Minori: I will! I promise to work really, really hard so that it becomes a cornerstone segment!
(Black cut)
