972_Minori Hanasato_R2 To Sparkle More (event_138)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Before classes]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Minori: Huff...! Huff...! I'm sorry for being late!
Haruka: Oh, morning, Minori.
Minori: M-Morning, Haruka! Huh? Where's the teacher...?
Haruka: Not here yet. So, you just barely made it in time.
Minori: I did?! Thank goodness...!
Haruka: Still, you're hardly ever late. Are you not feeling well by chance?
Minori: No, I'm fine! I honestly just overslept today...
Minori: I basically expended all of my energy at Idol Lovers, so I can't really recall what happened after I took my bath last night...
Haruka: I see... You did put in a huge effort yesterday.
Teacher: Okay, everyone, take your seats. Class is about to start.
Haruka: Oh, the teacher's here... Be careful to not fall asleep during class, Minori.
Minori: I won't! Thanks for the concern, Haruka!
(Black cut)

[Thirty minutes later]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: Hehe...
Minori: (Idol Lovers was so much fun.)
Minori: (The training we did leading up to it was really hard, but I was able to perform as well as I did because of it...)
Minori: (I'm really glad I put in the effort. And everyone in the audience was having so much fun...)
Minori: (It still feels like I'm in a dream...! I mean, I got to stand on that stage...!)
Teacher: Let's see... Who can solve this problem for me...?
Teacher: Hanasato, you seem to be enjoying yourself.
Minori: Eep!
Teacher: What is the value of x here?
Minori: Huh...? U-Uhh... X is...
Minori: (What do I do...?! I wasn't listening at all just now...!)
Minori: (N-No, don't worry! I always make sure to look up this stuff beforehand. For this problem...)
Minori: (Wait, I didn't last night because I collapsed out of exhaustion!)
Teacher: Hanasato?
Minori: U-Uhh...
Minori: I'm sorry... I don't know...
Teacher: I see. Please be sure to pay attention.
Minori: I will...
(Black cut)
Teacher: Now, I'll be collecting the homework I assigned last week.
Minori: H-Homework...?!
Minori: (Wait a second... I vaguely remember us being asked to translate stuff into regular Japanese for Classics...!)
Teacher: Hanasato? Where's your homework...?
Minori: Oh, so... I planned on doing it last night...! But... Umm...
Minori: I... I forgot...
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Minori: *Sigh* I forgot to do my homework and bring my gym uniform... Talk about a horrendous morning...
Haruka: Is everything okay, Minori?
Minori: Oh, Haruka... Everyone...
Classmates: Hey. You had a pretty rough morning...
Classmates: You even fell face-first into the sand pit. Are you still feeling pretty tired from that show?
Minori: *Wince* That's one factor...
Minori: But every time I think about our performance at Idol Lovers, I end up daydreaming...
Haruka: Yeah, I get how you feel. Not only was yesterday's show amazing, but we ended up putting on some incredible performances.
Haruka: But we do need to stay focused.
Haruka: We still have to go to school, and another job coming up.
Minori: Right...
Minori: (Haruka's right...)
Minori: (We have to keep working. Just because something good happened to us, we can't rest on our laurels.)
Minori: (So! I need to be able to switch gears more smoothly!)
Minori: I'm gonna review what we covered in class during lunch!
Haruka: In that case, I'll help. That should benefit both of us.
Classmates: Oh, we'll join you guys! We wanna help you, Minori!
Minori: Thanks, everyone...!
Minori: Alright, I'm gonna get my head back on straight and do my best during afternoon classes!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato)

[Neighborhood]

Minori: *Sigh* (Everything went horrible this morning... I was almost late for school, I forgot to do my homework...)
Minori: (And I left tomorrow's worksheets I was supposed to do at the MORE MORE HOUSE!)
Minori: Thank goodness I realized that before getting home...
Minori: They're due tomorrow, so I need to absolutely make sure to do them...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Minori: H-Hello!
Minori: (I didn't think anyone else would be here since we don't have practice or any meetings today...)
Minori: (But the door was open. Is someone here...?)
???: Shizuku...! Sh-Shizuku...!!!
Minori: Huh?!
Saito: Ah, she's beautiful right down to her fingertips...! This joint performance is the best thing that has ever happened...!
Saito: Minori and Haruka are also really cute! I could watch them do this dance forever...!
Saito: You're shining so bright, Airi! Th-This is too amazing. I'm starting to tear up...
Saito: M-Minori?! Wh-Wh-When did you get here...?!
Minori: J-J-Just now!
Saito: O-Oh, okay... Umm... I'm sorry. I didn't mean for you to see that...
Minori: N-No! Don't say that!
Minori: Were you watching yesterday's Idol Lovers?
Saito: Yes! As an idol fan, that show now has a very special place in my heart...!
Saito: I decided to take a break after finishing up some work, but I got a bit carried away... Before I realized it, I was shouting at the top of my lungs.
Minori: I know exactly how you feel!
Minori: Videos make things so convenient since you can watch your favorite parts as much as you like!
Minori: I'll sometimes go to see a show or concert live and still pay to see the recording of it later...
Saito: Me too! Yes, the atmosphere is always amazing, but you won't necessarily get to see your favorite idols up close. These videos give you that power...
Minori: Yeah, I know exactly what you mean!
Saito: Still...
Saito: Your performances from yesterday really are something else. I can't help but watch them over and over again.
Saito: As I mentioned to you all yesterday, that was the most I'd ever seen you shine... I was so moved!
Saito: And the audience was so incredible! I'm sure you all noticed as well, but they went crazy for every group that performed... It was electric!
Saito: So, I'm sure that you spread hope to a huge number of people!
Minori: Hehe. That's really great to hear!
Minori: I also had a lot of fun yesterday!
Minori: ReLight and MORE MORE JUMP! both did their absolute best and shined like crazy.
Minori: Seeing that made me think... Idols really are the best...!
Saito: Minori...
Minori: But...
Minori: I know I can't be satisfied with just this yet!
Saito: Huh?
Minori: I can't just keep thinking that I wanna shine and sparkle like the others...
Minori: I need to keep working harder!
Minori: I want to shine more and more like they did!
Minori: My training paid off yesterday.
Minori: But I still have a lot of work left to do since I'm still just getting on my feet...
Minori: So, I've gotta keep getting better to produce the same results as yesterday. No, even better results...! Because I want to spread hope to as many people as I can!
Saito: Hehe...
Saito: You really are a wonderful person, Minori.
Minori: Huh?
Saito: I thought you shined so brightly yesterday...
Saito: But you are right now as well. You're always facing forward, doing your best and not letting anyone or anything get you down...
Saito: That's why you fill me with so much hope. Just like all your fans.
Saito: So, I believe you will succeed!
Saito: You're going to shine even brighter, and become the best idol ever!!!
Minori: ...!
Saito: And I promise to keep doing my best to give you all the support I possibly can! I'll also be looking forward to your next show!
Minori: Thank you so much, Saito...!
Minori: I also plan on doing my absolute best!
Minori: (I've gotta keep trying...!)
Minori: (To become the best idol ever... To do what Airi did yesterday!)
Minori: (I wanna shine brighter and brighter...!)
(Black cut)
