1046_Minori Hanasato_R4 Moved Beyond Words (event_151)

Gacha phrase: Sh-Sh-Sh-She's so pretty!!!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

[Rooftop]

Rin (MMJ): <Wow! It's so nice out today♪>
Miku (MMJ): <A good day to practice, yes?>
Minori: Yup!
Minori: *Stretch* It feels like it's been forever since we last practiced here.
Miku (MMJ): <Oh, that's right. Ever since you girls set up the MORE MORE HOUSE, you've been practicing over there.>
Minori: But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: We want Shizuku to have it to herself right now, so we're gonna do what we can here!
Rin (MMJ): <Still, I sorta couldn't believe it when she said that she has to practice like nothing else matters to measure up to that other girl.>
Miku (MMJ): <Yes, Shizuku of all people.>
Rin (MMJ): <She's appearing alongside one of the girls who did that collaborative performance with all of you at Idol Lovers, right? What was her name? Uhh...>
Minori: Yu Hagiyama from ReLight.
Minori: I did think that her stage presence during Idol Lovers was amazing...
Minori: But Shizuku went on to say...
Minori: “I'm afraid that I'm going to ruin this commercial.” She even said Hagiyama possesses something that she doesn't, and that she might not have what it takes...
Rin (MMJ): <She really said those things? But she used to be a model...>
Miku (MMJ): <Hagiyama must've been truly incredible.>
Minori: *Nod*
Minori: Shizuku always practices really hard and works a lot on her own, but things feel different this time around.
Minori: When I saw her practicing over at the MORE MORE HOUSE, she gave me goosebumps.
Rin (MMJ): <Really...?>
Minori: She actually reminded me of when I met her for the very first time.
Rin (MMJ): <When you met her for the very first time?>
Minori: Yeah.
Minori: A quiet and gentle girl, but she had a ton of presence. My eyes were naturally drawn to her.
Minori: I've thought a lot about how I could become an idol who shines the way she does...
Minori: And the answer seems to be what she's doing now. Figuring out how to best present herself by putting in the time and effort.
Minori: Her charm is the result of all the work she's put in up to this point.
Miku (MMJ): <Right...>
Miku (MMJ): <She's mentioned how she worked harder than anyone else in Cheerful * Days as the lead, in order to live up to everybody's expectations.>
Minori: Exactly. Everyone talks about how tall and beautiful Shizuku is...
Minori: But those things aren't enough to become the lead. You need more than that to shine the way she does!
Minori: (Shizuku...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (You were amazing...)
Minori: (So amazing that I couldn't take my eyes off you.)
Minori: If I went to audition for something and found out that I'd be performing alongside a person like Shizuku...
Minori: Then I'd feel really scared.
Miku (MMJ): <But you're here right now for a reason, Minori.>
Rin (MMJ): <To practice♪>
Minori: I am...!
Minori: If I'm not good enough the way I am, I'll just work until I am good enough!
Minori: As Shizuku's groupmate, I have to do what I can to not embarrass her!
Airi: That's what I like to hear, Minori!
Minori: Eep!
Miku (MMJ): <Airi!>
Haruka: Don't forget about us.
Len (MMJ): <We had a feeling that you two had come over to talk to Minori.>
KAITO (MMJ): <Thank goodness we found you. We were hoping to invite you two as well.>
Miku (MMJ): <Invite us for what?>
Airi: A special, high-intensity lesson!
Airi: The idea is to hold a sort of mock audition where we compete against one another by singing and dancing and stuff.
Haruka: KAITO's come up with the details for each event, so we're all set to go.
Haruka: Wanna give it a try, Minori?
Minori: Yes, I wanna join!
Rin (MMJ): <Us too!>
KAITO (MMJ): <Excellent! Then, let's meet over in SEKAI!>
Haruka, Minori & Airi: Yeah! Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: Thanks for waiting, everyone!
Miku (MMJ): Welcome!
KAITO (MMJ): Alright, now that we're all here, let's begin our special lesson, shall we?
KAITO (MMJ): As we discussed when we invited all of you, we'll be doing a sort of mock audition where you'll all be competing against one another.
Minori: Right! Let's do this!
MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. You sound so excited, Minori♪
Airi: But we're not about to let her hog the spotlight!
KAITO (MMJ): Now, the first theme you'll be tackling involves...
(Black cut)
KAITO (MMJ): Nice work, everyone! Let's take a quick break here.
Minori: Whew...
Haruka: You seem pretty tired, Minori. Here, have this drink.
Minori: Thanks, Haruka...
KAITO (MMJ): You really went all out back there, Minori! Regardless of the theme of each song and dance, you shone all throughout.
MEIKO (MMJ): I agree! I know I'm supposed to be competing against you, but there were times when I couldn't take my eyes off of you.
Minori: What?! R-Really?!
Minori: Hehe. Maybe it's because I worked really hard on how to present myself.
Rin (MMJ): Oh, what you talked about on the rooftop?
Minori: Yeah! I thought I could shine super bright if I really put my mind to it!
Airi: Wait, what are you guys talking about?
Minori: So...
(Black cut)
Airi: I see... You were trying to figure out how to dazzle people the way Shizuku does.
Haruka: So, by investing your time properly and doing the right research, you thought that you'd learn how to emulate her shine.
Minori: Yeah! Seeing her work so hard made me believe that!
KAITO (MMJ): Yes, I think I understand what you mean.
KAITO (MMJ): This may be because I've been watching everyone practice as their manager...
KAITO (MMJ): But I think idols are able to shine the way they do because they work so hard each day.
Minori: Yes, exactly!
Minori: That shine... I've been calling it an “idol's aura” all this time.
Minori: But ever since becoming an idol, I've been wondering how I'm going to produce one.
Airi: Oh yeah, I remember you doing that.
Minori: But! After seeing Shizuku, I've begun to realize that I was wrong!
Haruka: Wrong?
Minori: Idols don't deliberately produce an aura.
Minori: It's something that they naturally exude!
KAITO (MMJ): Oh...
KAITO (MMJ): What a wonderful way to think about that!
KAITO (MMJ): Idols are like precious gems. The more you polish them, the brighter they'll shine. Thus, the harder they work, the more impressive they become...!
Minori: Yes! Yes!! Yes!!!
Minori: That's exactly what I was trying to say!
Airi: They're shaking hands...
Haruka: It's been a while since their eyes lit up like this.
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. Yes, it has.
Luka (MMJ): However, we may want to call our break here, before our bodies cool down too much.
KAITO (MMJ): *Gasp* I forgot that we were still in the middle of our lesson.
Minori: No, I'm really sorry! I didn't mean to get so worked up...!
Miku (MMJ): That's okay, Minori!
Rin (MMJ): Yeah! You gave us a chance to think about our own auras♪
Haruka: She's right. We should use the rest of this lesson to figure out how to better present ourselves.
Airi: Right! And we're not letting you walk away with this, Minori!
Minori: I've gotta do what I can to shine brighter and brighter and brighter!
(Black cut)
