1111_Minori Hanasato_R4 Game Face At The Meeting! (event_157)

Gacha phrase: I wanna help solve everyone's troubles!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Saito: Haruka, let's start heading over to the TV station. It's almost time for that meeting.
Haruka: Oh, it's already that time. Just give me a second to get ready.
Haruka: We're going to hear from some of the staff from that show we appeared on a little while back, right?
Minori: I know it's going to be tough for just the two of you to go, but good luck...!
Airi: In the meantime, we'll keep working on our stream ideas and stuff.
Haruka: Thanks. Then, we'll be going now.
Shizuku: Haruka and Saito are doing their best, so we need to keep doing what we can right now.
Minori: Yeah, I totally agree!
Minori: We're gonna keep working on stream ideas and do research on that online show, right?
Airi: Right. Shizuku and I will continue working on our stream ideas, while you look into that show, Minori.
Airi: I know our workloads are gonna increase while Haruka's gone, but we'll get through this by dividing and conquering!
Minori & Shizuku: Yeah!
Minori: (How should I start researching...? Oh, what if I start by looking at any archived footage they have?)
Minori: (I have to do everything I can right now to help Haruka and Saito...!)
(Black cut)
Minori: Hmm... I see...
Minori: (I know a lot more now after watching a few of their old episodes!)
Minori: (We're being asked to appear in a segment where the guests showcase currently trending artists...)
Minori: (But each guest does it in a different way!)
Minori: (When that choreographer talked about that singer-dancer ensemble, he passionately talked about their dance routines...)
Minori: (And when that music producer talked about that idol group, she explained not only their songs, but how they were produced too. I thought that was really interesting.)
Minori: (Someone even left a comment saying, “It's great how each artist is analyzed from a variety of different angles.” And those differences are probably what this show's viewers enjoy so much.)
Minori: We'll need to keep that in mind.
Minori: And figure out a way to sound unique... Which means...
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Minori: (Okay, I've jotted down all the essential bits! Now I just need to—)
Shizuku: Hi, Minori. How are things going on your end?
Minori: Oh, I just finished writing down some notes after watching a few of their past episodes...!
Airi: Then, why don't we take a break and share each other's progress? We also just reached a good place to stop.
Minori: Really?! I'd love to hear more about your ideas!
Airi: We've only just completed our basic outlines, but here's mine.
Airi: I'm thinking about doing a follow-up cooking stream. Our last one did really well, so I thought we could turn it into a series.
Minori: Yeah, everybody loves your cooking streams, Airi, so I bet they'll be thrilled when they hear the news!
Airi: Thanks. Now I need to start thinking about what we're going to make.
Airi: Anyway, Shizuku, how about you?
Shizuku: Mine is also going to be a follow-up like Airi's, but I'm thinking about doing another skincare stream.
Shizuku: How you take care of your skin changes with the seasons, so I'm hoping to provide our viewers with some suitable tips and options.
Airi: Sounds good. You're all the rage right now because of your commercial, so I'm sure everyone is going to love getting skincare tips from you.
Minori: Alright, and here's my report to finish things off! I looked into the show we'll be appearing on, and...
Minori: The best part of this segment seems to be how guests showcase the artists, especially any unique remarks they can make.
Shizuku: Unique remarks?
Minori: Yeah, they all talked about things from their point of view... It's like they were all able to showcase those artists in ways only they knew how!
Minori: And everyone watching seems to look forward to hearing what they have to say.
Minori: Which is why I also wanna show everyone what MORE MORE JUMP! is really about when we do our showcase!
Airi: I see. What we're really about...
Minori: I also wanna listen to a bunch of songs by the artist we're going to introduce and give good recommendations!
Minori: I thought it'd be great if we could put some playlists together and introduce them to everyone! One could be for when you wanna relax, another could be for when you need some encouragement...
Airi: Yeah, I like that since you'd be making good use of your ability to see things from our fans' point of view.
Minori: Hehe... It's our first on-screen appearance in a while, so I wanna make sure we make a good impression!
Airi: Hey, that's what I like to hear!
Airi: Alright, if we're gonna make Minori's plan a reality, we gotta start moving now.
Airi: So, we'll want to ask the director to see if we can get the name of the artist we're gonna be asked to introduce early.
Minori: Okay! I'll ask Saito when she gets back.
Shizuku: Thank you, Minori!
Minori: (We received this offer because of Shizuku's hard work.)
Minori: (Not only that, Haruka is counting on us to do a good job.)
Minori: (So, I've gotta do everything I can to make sure we keep moving forward!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Haruka: Okay, the proposals for these streams look fine. Next, let's start talking about that show we're going to be regulars on.
Minori: Yeah!
Shizuku: Hehe. You sound so excited, Minori.
Minori: Yeah! I mean, we get to appear as regulars!
Minori: Also...
Minori: I want to do my best so that we can leave the staff we work with feeling glad that they asked MORE MORE JUMP! to be part of this show!
Haruka: Me too.
Haruka: We're in a tough spot right now, but...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Minori: H-Haruka, is that true...?!
Minori: We stopped receiving offers because of ReLight...?
(White cut)
Haruka: That rumor about Mr. Hiiragi is one thing, and so is the fact that we don't have the backing of a big agency...
Haruka: But the real problem we're facing right now is that we lack the ability to fight back.
Airi: Right... We're in a pretty tough pickle.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: In order to get through this, we'll need to give each work opportunity we receive the utmost care.
Airi: Yeah, and I'm not worried. I know we'll find a way out of this jam.
Saito: On that note, let's start talking about the segment MORE MORE JUMP! will be running.
Minori: Our viewers are gonna write to us about their problems, right?!
Airi: Helping others is exactly what we did with Mr. Nakano during “The Town Revitalization Team!”
Saito: Yes, but minus helping a town get back on its feet. You'll be dealing with a wide variety of problems.
Saito: On top of there being no telling what people are going to ask, we still don't know how you're actually going to be helping each sender.
Minori: Hmm... Right...
Minori: Oh, this is a little off-topic, but remember the show we did at that elementary school?!
Airi: Yeah, because it was closing down. You're talking about our graduation show, right?
Minori: Yup! I've been hoping that we might get to do something like that on this show!
Haruka: Hehe. Me too. It certainly seems appropriate.
Airi: Then, let's get down to business.
Airi: As it so happens, I got a narrowed-down list of possible problems for us to solve from Mr. Nakano.
Minori: Oh, people have already written in?! But he said he'd give us more details at a later date!
Saito: The show apparently put out a survey on social media asking, “If you were to ask MORE MORE JUMP! for advice, then what would it be about?”
Shizuku: I see. What kinds of questions do you think they sent?
Minori: You gotta tell us, Airi!
Airi: Alright, relax. I've printed copies for everyone, so lemme pass them out.
(Black cut)
Minori: Oh, this person said, “I always get so nervous whenever I take a test at school.”
Minori: Not being able to achieve the results you want because of nerves after studying really hard is pretty demoralizing.
Haruka: Yeah, and every single test is crucial if you have entrance exams coming up.
(Black cut)
Airi: This person caught my eye. “I got into a big argument with my friend and don't know how we're going to make up.”
Shizuku: Oh, that one stood out to me as well.
Shizuku: Because it's going to become very difficult for them to mend their friendship by themselves if too much time passes...
Airi: Yeah, I really wanna help them somehow...
(Black cut)
Minori: Phew... Th-That's all of them...
Haruka: We managed to whittle the list of questions Mr. Nakano sent us down to just a few.
Saito: Thank you for all your hard work! Here, I made some tea. Enjoy!
Shizuku: Thank you very much, Saito.
Minori: (That was really hard, but I'm glad we have our list of candidates now!)
Minori: (Oh, but...)
Haruka: Is something wrong, Minori?
Minori: Umm... I was wondering what's gonna happen to these other questions.
Haruka: Ideally, they'll be saved for later episodes... But we realistically won't be able to help everyone.
Minori: I had a feeling... Even though they went to the trouble of writing to us.
Minori: Wait, what if we replied to them during one of our streams?! Would that be possible?!
Airi: Hmm... We'd have to ask Mr. Nakano about that. Why don't we float it out there when we send him our reply?
Minori: Wait, you mean it?!
Airi: I agree with what you said about them taking the time to write to us.
Shizuku: Me too. I'd like to help as many of them as we can.
Haruka: We're still in the middle of hammering out the details for this segment, so I'm sure Mr. Nakano would welcome this sort of suggestion.
Minori: Then, let's take this opportunity to come up with even more ideas!
(Black cut)
