1137_Minori Hanasato_R2 Can We Be Friends? (event_160)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

[Nonogi Park]

Minori: Alright, I managed to get up early again today! Time to practice my hardest!
Minori: (I want to put on a really wonderful show for the owner and everybody. So, I need to give it everything I have!)
Minori: (Tsukasa's portrayal of Nyantaro is really amazing... Which means I have to keep finding ways to get better!)
Minori: Oh, that reminds me... The owner's cat is also named Nyantaro, right?
Minori: I still haven't had a chance to meet him yet. I hope I get to soon...!
Airi: Morning, Minori! You're here really early today.
Minori: Oh! Morning, Airi!
Minori: Hehe. I wanted to practice on my own before everyone else got here!
Airi: Same. I want to make sure I'm able to keep up with Kusanagi during the show.
Minori: Oh, Airi, you sound so motivated!
Minori: Then, why don't we practice together while we wait for the others to get here?!
Airi: Sounds good. I actually wanted to talk about the scene where we both appear...
???: Meow!
Minori: H-Huh?! What was that...?
Airi: That sounded like...
Nyantaro: Meow.
Airi: I had a feeling it was you, Nyantaro. Did you come to watch us practice today?
Minori: This is Nyantaro?! H-He's so adorable!
Airi: Oh, that's right. This is your first time meeting him.
Minori: Yeah! I've been waiting for this moment since you guys have been talking so much about him...!
Minori: Uhh... I should start by introducing myself!
Minori: Hello, Nyantaro! I'm Minori Hanasato! It's so great to finally meet you!
Nyantaro: Mrrow...
Minori: H-Huh? He turned the other way...
Airi: Yeah, that's strange...
Minori: Oh, was I too loud just now...? I might've scared him. Sorry, let me try that again...
Minori: Ahem... I heard that you're friends with everyone, Nyantaro? Would you also like to be friends with me?
Nyantaro: *Scowl*
Minori: Uhh... Nyantaro...?
Airi: His eyes sure don't seem friendly...
Minori: No, why...? You guys said that he's really friendly around people...
Airi: He probably just needs more time to get to know you, Minori. I mean, how would you feel if a random stranger came up and introduced themselves to us?
Minori: R-Right... Wait, if I can convince him that I'm not a threat...
Minori: I know! I just have to use that to become friends with him!
Airi: That?
Minori: Ta-daa! A foxtail! This is the secret weapon I found growing in the park!
Airi: Wait, why do you have one of those?
Minori: I made sure to find one so I'd be ready to meet Nyantaro whenever!
Minori: This should help break the ice! Come here, Nyantaro! Here kitty!
Nyantaro: ...
Minori: Let's play! Look, the foxtail's swishing around!
Nyantaro: ...
Airi: He seems totally uninterested...
Minori: B-But...
Airi: This is pretty strange... Why do you think he's ignoring you like this?
Minori: Why...?
Minori: Wait, no... What if I smell like Samo to him?!
Airi: Oh, that'd certainly explain a lot. I can understand why he's feeling wary now.
Airi: But time should fix that... You'll just have to wait until his smell wears off.
Airi: And I'm sure you'll get to become friends with him once he sees that you're a trustworthy person.
Airi: I mean, Minori, you're also doing your best to put on a great show and give the carnival the send-off it deserves. He'll come around in no time.
Minori: *Nod*
Minori: Then, that means I gotta keep trying harder and harder! In order to become friends with Nyantaro!
Minori: Just wait, Nyantaro! This show's gonna be so unforgettable!
Nyantaro: *Ignore*
Minori: No, he looked the other way again!
Minori: *Sob* One way or another, we're gonna become friends...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Meow Park]

Minori: Ahh! Nothing like some juice when you're feeling beat!
Airi: You sound like an old man...
Mizuki: Haha! But I know how she feels! This is just what we needed after expending all that energy during the show!
Minori: Exactly! Going on rides and stuff after that was bound to make us exhausted...
Airi: But Tenma and Kusanagi seemed totally fine.
Mizuki: After we said that we'd be taking a break, they went off to go on more rides. It's amazing just how much stamina they have...
Nyantaro: Meow.
Minori: Hi, Nyantaro!
Mizuki: Thanks for guiding us around! We just need to rest for a bit before we head back out there.
Airi: That reminds me. You also saw the show, right? What did you think, Nyantaro?
Nyantaro: Meooow.
Airi: Hehe. I'm guessing that means he liked it.
Mizuki: Yeah! It even looks like he's smiling!
Minori: Th-Thank goodness! So, what did you think of my acting?
Nyantaro: ...
Minori: Umm... D-Did I do okay...?
Nyantaro: ...
Minori: H-He's staring me down again...
Mizuki: Hmm... I guess he still doesn't feel completely comfortable around you yet, Minori.
Minori: *Sob* But this is the last day...
Minori: We were supposed to become friends... I wanted to take pictures with him and have him sit on my lap...
Minori: And so many other things!
Mizuki: H-Haha...
Nyantaro: Meow. Meow...
Airi: Oh, hey... I think he's trying to tell you something, Minori.
Nyantaro: Meow!
Minori: Huh? What do you wanna tell me?
Minori: Oh no...! He ran away!
Minori: *Sob* I guess this means we're never gonna be friends...
Mizuki: Hold on, Minori... He's looking back at us.
Minori: Huh?
Nyantaro: Meow!
Mizuki: Oh, does this mean...?
Airi: Yeah, I think he wants you to follow him!
Minori: W-Wait, me...?!
Minori: Is that true, Nyantaro...?
Nyantaro: Meow!
Minori: Oh, he replied...!
Airi: Hehe. I think he's acknowledging that you did what you could for this carnival.
Minori: Nyantaro...
Minori: *Sob* Thank you so much! I'm so happy!
Nyantaro: Meow!
Airi: Don't just stand there in awe. Go. Nyantaro is waiting for you.
Mizuki: Have fun, Minori!
Minori: I will! Alright...
Minori: Let's go, Nyantaro!
(Black cut)
