1155_Minori Hanasato_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Gacha phrase: I just had a great idea!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[A few days before Minori's birthday]

[carino/carina]

Haruka: Happy birthday, Minori!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Minori: Wow...! Thank you, everyone!
Minori: Hehehe. I wasn't expecting so many people to come! What a surprise!
Shiho: Of course we came. Who'd miss a good friend's birthday?
Shizuku: I actually asked Shii and her friends if they knew a good place to hold your party.
Minori: Wait, you did?
Ichika: It's a special day, after all. I thought it would make you happiest to celebrate with lots of people.
Honami: And Saki was the one who suggested holding the party here at the cafe.
Minori: Oh, I see! So that's why the manager wished me a happy birthday too!
Nene: Hehe. You seemed really happy about that, Hanasato.
Minori: I mean, I just really wasn't expecting the manager to do that for me!
Minori: Especially as soon as I came into the cafe! I got totally blindsided!
Emu: Hehehe♪ Everyone was all sparkly smiley☆
Mizuki: And, guess what! Ena got a perfect snapshot of your face at that very moment♪
Minori: Huh?! When did you even?!
Ena: Hehe. I saw my chance and took it. I'll send this to you later, okay?
Mizuki: Maybe we should send it to An and Kohane too. They were really bummed they couldn't make it.
Mizuki: Ah, but they said they'll definitely catch the stream!
Minori: Oh! That's so nice of them...
Ena: Speaking of which, are you all ready for the stream?
Minori: Oh, um... Everything I was in charge of is ready!
Ena: In charge of?
Minori: I don't actually know what the plan is for today's stream.
Shizuku: Hehe. We're preparing everything in secret.
Airi: It's her birthday, after all, so we figured, why not make it a surprise?
Ichika: Oh, I see. I feel like that would just make me nervous...
Minori: Airi and the others won't even give me hints about what they're planning, so I've just been wondering this whole time!
Haruka: Hehe. Don't worry, it'll be fun for you and for our fans, so just look forward to it.
Emu: I wonder what it is. Ooh, what if they set off a big firework on stream?!
Nene: I don't really see that happening... But it sounds like it'll be a fun surprise, anyway.
Minori: Yeah!
Saki: Sorry for the wait! The cake is all ready!
Minori: Hooray! I can't wait!
Minori: Hehehe, I've really been looking forward to the specialty birthday cake! It has lots of yummy toppings and frosting and... Huh?
Minori: Huh?! This is a little different from the cake I was expecting!
Minori: This drawing on the chocolate plaque... Is this me?!
Minori: And there's a little me on top of the cake too! And a Haruka, and an Airi, and a Shizuku too!
Mizuki: A+ reaction, Minori!
Shiho: We got to thinking that it would be a shame to have them bring out exactly the cake you were expecting.
Ichika: So we thought, if we adjust the design a little bit, that might make for a really fun surprise.
Shizuku: Ena was the one who did the drawing of you.
Airi: And we made the little figures of us out of marzipan, with help from Emu and the others.
Haruka: We thought, since we're doing all this, why not make the whole cake MORE MORE JUMP! themed?
Minori: You mean, this is a special, one-of-a-kind MORE MORE JUMP! birthday cake?! That's... That's...
Minori: That's so cute, I can't bring myself to eat it!
Shizuku: Oh, dear.
Airi: It's a cake, it's meant to be eaten! And we have a lot more party planned for afterward!
Minori: O-Okay... I'll do my best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Minori's Room]

Minori: So then, after we all had cake, we played board games together!
Minori: I wasn't doing very well, but everyone cheered me on together. And in the end, I turned it around! I was so happy...!
Miku (MMJ): <Hehe. It sounds like it was a very fun party!>
Minori: Yeah! So many people were there to celebrate with me. It really filled me with so much energy!
Minori: And everyone said they'll be watching my birthday stream, too. I'll have to really make it a great one!
Minori: Oh, right! I have to read those over before stream!
Rin (MMJ): <“Those”?>
Minori: Hehehe, the fan letters I got! So many people sent me happy birthday wishes!
Minori: It really makes me so happy to get so many messages from our fans...
KAITO (MMJ): <Each message from a fan contains their heartfelt feelings, after all. Even more so when it's a birthday message.>
Luka (MMJ): <Hehe. It sounds like you'll have a wonderful birthday, full of warm wishes.>
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: But it's not even my actual birthday yet. Is it really okay for me to get so many kind messages?
Rin (MMJ): <Don't worry! Have your fill and enjoy♪>
Minori: Aw, thanks! But...
Minori: It makes me so happy that everyone is thinking of me and wants to send me such kind words and wishes...
Minori: I just feel like I have to give back as much... No, I need to give back more and more gratitude to all of them!
Minori: I wonder if there's a way I can...
Minori: Oh...! I know!
MEIKO (MMJ): <Hehe. Landed on a good idea?>
Minori: Yeah! I sure did!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Minori's birthday]

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Minori: It's time for Minori Hanasato's Special Birthday Livestream♪
Airi, Haruka & Shizuku: Yay!
Comments: <Happy birthday, Minori!> <Happy birthday!> <Minori!!! We're here to celebrate!!!>
Minori: Wow! Thank you all!
Minori: And thank you for your messages on social media too! I'm reading all of them!
Haruka: She was scrolling nonstop before the stream.
Shizuku: And she had such a bright smile on her face too.
Minori: I-I mean, it just makes me so happy to think of all the people who are supporting me...
Haruka: Minori...
Airi: Hey, hey! Don't move into the emotional climax already!
Airi: We've only just started the stream!
Shizuku: Hehe, Airi's right. We have to celebrate properly.
Haruka: The truth is, we have a special stream planned just for today, which Minori knows nothing about.
Airi: That's right! We call it... The Heart-Thumping Present Quiz!
Comments: <Here it is, the special segment!> <A quiz?> <I wonder how it'll work.>
Airi: We'll put our presents for Minori into this special box, and then she'll feel them and try to guess what each one is.
Minori: I have to guess using only my hands? That sounds hard! But I'll do my best!
Minori: Oh, but, if I don't guess what they are, does that mean I don't get the presents?
Airi: Oh, you're starting to understand the soul of variety entertainment, Minori.
Minori: Huh?! So you mean...!
Haruka: Oh, Airi, don't tease her... Don't worry, Minori. This is your celebration, so of course you'll get your gifts.
Haruka: But if you guess wrong, there might be a penalty or two.
Minori: P-P-Penalty?!
Airi: I think you're teasing her more than me.
Shizuku: Hehe. There won't be any takebacks or penalties at all, so just have fun and enjoy it, Minori.
Minori: Oh, thank goodness! I'll do my best!
Haruka: Okay, we'll start with Airi's present.
Airi: Right. I'll put it in the box now, so close your eyes, Minori.
Airi: One side of the box is open so all of you watching can see what's inside, but don't spoil the surprise by telling her, okay?
Comments: <Okay!> <I see, I see. So that's what it is.> <Can't wait to see Minori's reaction.>
Airi: Okay, all set! You can look now, Minori.
Minori: O-Okay, here I go! It's a little scary putting my hand inside a box I can't see inside...
Minori: But it's a present from Airi, so it can't be anything scary, right?
Airi: Hmm, I wonder?
Minori: Huh?! What's that smile for?!
Minori: Oh, what is it...aah! Something moved!
Haruka: Are you sure you didn't just nudge it with your hand?
Minori: O-Oh, right. Okay, let's try again... Huh? It's kind of fluffy?
Minori: Ah! Is it one of those fluffy stick things you use for dusting?
Airi: That's not really a birthday present type of thing, is it?
Minori: I guess not... Hmm, what could it be?
Shizuku: Hehe. To give you a hint... I'd say...it's something you love a lot.
Minori: Something I love a lot...hm? Wait, this shape... Is it a doggy?
Minori: Oh, I got it! It's a dog plushie!
Airi: Ding ding ding♪ That's right! Go ahead and look inside!
Minori: Wow, it's a Samoyed plushie! And it looks just like Samo!
Airi: I found this at a general store while looking for presents. And even I was surprised by just how much it looks like him.
Minori: Thank you, Airi! I bet Samo will be happy too! I'll take great care of it!
Airi: Please do. Happy birthday, Minori.
Shizuku: Now, let's get the next present ready...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Okay, everyone, that's all for the Heart-Thumping Present Quiz.
Airi: Minori managed to get all three presents right. Everyone say congratulations...and happy birthday!
Haruka & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Comments: <Happy birthday, Minori!!!> <Congrats! That was fun!> <Good thing they didn't prank you!>
Minori: Thanks, everyone! It was a bit scary, but I had lots of fun! And I love all the presents!
Shizuku: I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. Well, everyone... I'm sorry to say, but it's just about time.
Airi: Right. Minori, do you want to lead off—
Minori: Oh, before I do that, can I have a little bit of everyone's time?
Haruka: Time?
Airi: I think that's fine, but what's up?
Minori: I've actually prepared something myself!
Shizuku: Huh?
Minori: Haruka, Airi, Shizuku. And everyone else who's watching. Thank you all so much for today!
Minori: You've given me the best birthday ever! So, um... I want to give something back!
Airi: What do you mean?
Minori: Well, I've actually written a thank-you letter!
Minori: I'll read it now. Ahem!
Minori: Dear Airi. Thank you for everything. You're always so collected, and you guide us along. I feel like I always rely on you for everything.
Minori: But I want to be reliable for you when you need help, too. I'll do my best to get better. Let's keep on working together!
Minori: Dear Shizuku. Thank you for everything. I really love how gentle you are and how relaxing it is to be around you.
Minori: I'll work hard to become a gentle and cool idol just like you, so I hope you'll teach me everything I need to know!
Minori: Dear Haruka. Thank you for everything. When I was starting out, you were my hero... And you still are today.
Minori: I plan to keep chasing after you, so I can get even a little closer to being a sparkling, wonderful idol like you. Let's keep doing our best!
Haruka: Minori...
Minori: And to all the fans who support me every day!
Minori: Thank you all so, so much for cheering me on!
Minori: I'm an idol today because of all of you. Your voices are what make me an idol!
Minori: I know I still mess up a lot, but I'll keep on spreading hope to everyone I can! So please, keep watching over me!
Minori: Signed, Minori Hanasato!
Comments: <Thank you, Minori> <I'll always support you.> <We're with you forever!>
Haruka: Hehe, that was quite a surprise waiting at the end...
Shizuku: Yes. That was a wonderful letter.
Airi: I didn't expect Minori to pull a fast one on us like that... Nicely done.
Haruka: Thank you, Minori. We'll treasure everything you said.
Minori: Hehehe... I'm glad you liked it!
Minori: Operation: Surprise The Surprisers was a big success!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000433/bg_s000433.webp)
Kohane: Happy birthday, Minori! We watched your stream. I was glad to see you having so much fun.
An: And all those heartwarming comments! Reading them even made me tear up!
Akito: Good to see you've got such great fans. The stream was pretty fun too, so I guess it was a good birthday all around.
An: Let us throw you another party when we get back from the US! We have to make up for missing the first one!
Kohane: Right. I hope you'll tell us all about that one, too.
Saki: Happy birthday, Minori! Did you enjoy your party the other day?
Ichika: I'm so glad you liked the cake we thought up. And the marzipan figures, too. We put a lot of effort into making those.
Shiho: Yeah, your reaction was great. Seeing you so happy made it all worth it.
Honami: Hehe. You liked them so much you didn't even want to eat them.
Shiho: Happy birthday again. I imagine you'll be busy with work a lot, but let's have lunch together again soon.
Emu: Minoriii! Happy wonderhoy birthday! Wasn't it such a warm and fuzzy and happy party?!
Nene: Good job on your birthday stream, too. That present quiz segment was fun, and I was really moved by your letter.
Tsukasa: A birthday party and a birthday stream! How wonderful to be celebrated by so many!
Tsukasa: Let me add my voice to theirs! Hanasato, happy birthdaaay!!!
Rui: Hehe. Happy birthday from me as well, Hanasato. May this year be a fine and fulfilling one for your work. I'll be cheering you on from the wings, myself.
Kanade: Happy birthday, Hanasato. I watched your stream with everyone from my group. It was very energetic and fun.
Mafuyu: Hehe. Yes, the cheer was infectious. Every time you did anything, Mizuki and Ena loved it.
Ena: Can you blame me? She was swinging from nervous to excited and back, and she kept saying things were moving even though they weren't. It was funny.
Mizuki: That segment was laser-focused on all the things that make Minori great! Airi and the others really know their stuff!
Mizuki: And that letter to your fans made me tear up, for real! I'm your fan for life, Minori!
Haruka: Once again! Happy birthday, Minori!
Airi & Shizuku: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Airi: I didn't expect that reverse surprise you pulled on us...
Airi: It's a little embarrassing that I didn't catch on at all, but it was a great surprise, and very you.
Shizuku: Yes, it made me so happy! Thank you so much. I'll treasure this letter full of your kind words and feelings.
Haruka: So will I. But really, if we're sharing thank yous, then we owe you a lot ourselves.
Shizuku: Right. You're always so positive, Minori, and it gives me the energy to keep on moving forward.
Airi: You always light up the room just by being there. I don't think you know just how much you do for us.
Haruka: So, thank you, Minori. Let's stay together for a long time to come.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Minori: I got so many birthday wishes from everyone at the party and on stream...
Minori: Thank you for celebrating my birthday with me, too! I'm honestly overwhelmed by how much love I've gotten.
Minori: I feel like just saying thank you hardly pays back any of your kindness and support...
Minori: So I'll just have to deliver more and more and even more hope to you all!
Minori: Thank you so much for today! See you again!
(Black cut)
