1175_Minori Hanasato_R4 Debrief Assistance (event_168)

Gacha phrase: Hmm, right...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Minori: And now, Samo really loves those treats. He rubs up against me every morning to beg for them!
Shizuku: Oh, I don't think I'd be able to resist giving some to him if he did that to me.
Minori: I know, right? I've actually been sorta worried lately since he seemed to lose all interest in treats. Turns out he just wanted something new.
Airi: Something new... Yeah, I think I get how he feels.
Airi: I've been eating basically the same thing every day in order to become more fit.
Haruka: When you have specific nutrients you're looking for, there are only so many ingredients to choose from.
Airi: Exactly. I've been so focused on getting as much protein as I can while limiting my calorie intake...
Haruka: Oh, in that case, I recommend a gooey mapo tofu made using natto and okra.
Haruka: Natto and tofu are great sources of protein, and okra's packed with all kinds of nutrients, so it's really good for you.
Airi: And it sounds like a low-calorie dish. Mapo tofu's easy enough to make, so I'll try whipping up a batch sometime.
Shizuku: Soba is also a very healthy option. It's full of protein and vitamins, while also being low on carbohydrates. You can even vary what toppings you use so it doesn't get old.
Airi: Yeah, changing things up using a variety of toppings is a nice idea. I might look up some soba recipes later.
Minori: (Wow... Everyone's so strict about their diets...)
Minori: (I've been trying to watch my calories and eat nutritious things...)
Minori: (But yesterday...)
Haruka: Minori? You've been awfully quiet. Is something wrong?
Minori: Eep! N-Nothing's wrong!
Minori: I was just thinking how yummy all the things you just talked about probably are. Hahahaha...
Airi: You're acting really suspicious...
Minori: Wh-What makes you say that...?
Airi: Just spit it out already...
Minori: Urgh...
Minori: Umm... The thing is, yesterday...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: (Phew... Now that I've finished this math assignment...)
Minori: Woohoo! I'm done with everything I had piled up!
Classmate A: Oh, you're done? Congratulations.
Minori: Thanks! Some of these assignments are due today, so I'm really glad I finished.
Minori: Oh...
Minori: Haha. My tummy's rumbling...
Classmate A: Hehe. Your brain did just get a good workout. Oh, wanna have one of these? I bought them when I went on that shoot the other day. I was gonna give you one later, but...
Minori: Oh, dorayaki!
Minori: (No, wait...)
Minori: (I ate those snacks while doing my assignments just now. If I eat this, then I'll go way over my calorie budget for today...!)
Classmate B: Oh, are these not your thing...?
Minori: N-No, I love dorayaki!
Minori: (I'll just make up for it by running more tomorrow!)
Minori: Thanks for offering! I'll take one!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: So, I couldn't resist... And I ended up eating that dorayaki...!
Airi: O-Okay, but...
Minori: I'm gonna make up for the mistake I made yesterday by going for a run! Right now!
Airi: Huh?! Minori, wait...!
Shizuku: There she goes.
Airi: It's not like I was gonna get mad at her over that.
Haruka: I guess it was weighing on Minori's conscience just that much.
Shizuku: Hehe. We stand to learn a lot from her example.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Minori's Room]

Minori: We had another exhausting workout today. Every part of my body feels sore...
Minori: But this pain is a sign of my growth! I have to keep doing my best tomorrow to prepare for the Lumina Grand Prix!
Minori: Oh, that reminds me. Before I forget, I need to write down what I need to work on in my notebook.
Minori: Let's see... What did I do today...? Strength training, one-liners and some exercises on my own.
Minori: (My posture got really bad every time I started feeling it during those strength exercises... So, my goal for tomorrow is gonna be to keep it steady!)
Minori: (As for one-liners... I really struggled. I need to learn to be quicker on my feet and figure out how to be funnier.)
Minori: (But how do I actually become better? Let's see... Airi recommended...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: The best way to get better at coming up with one-liners is to play a word-association game in your head and construct sentences based on that!
Airi: Let's take that first question, for example. “In a previous life, this cat was an idol! How could you tell?” I'd start by thinking about the words “cat” and “idol”.
Airi: Then, I'd take the words I came up with to construct various responses. “It winks whenever you point a camera at it,” or, “It poses whenever it's in a window's spotlight.”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: Right. I'll try coupling word-association with sentence building! She also said how it's funnier when you pair things that don't normally go together...
Minori: Alright, I still have some time before I have to go to bed, so let's start practicing!
???: <Start practicing what?>
Minori: Huh?
Luka (MMJ): <Good evening, Minori.>
Minori: Luka! MEIKO! What are you two doing here?
MEIKO (MMJ): <You were working very hard again today, weren't you? We came to see how you were doing...>
MEIKO (MMJ): <Hehe. It sounds like your day isn't over quite yet.>
Minori: Hehe. I didn't do so well during Airi's lesson on one-liners, so I was going over my mistakes.
Luka (MMJ): <One-liners?>
Minori: Yeah. Airi showed me a way to get better, but I'm still having a lot of trouble...
MEIKO (MMJ): <It takes a great deal of creativity to come up with good one-liners. It's not something you can master overnight.>
Luka (MMJ): <She's right. I think you just have to practice a lot and figure out your own style.>
Luka (MMJ): <But we'll be more than happy to help, so let's practice together♪>
Minori: Really?! Thank you both so much! In that case, would you mind coming up with questions for me?
MEIKO (MMJ): <You can count on us♪ Alright, here's your first question! This teacher's a former idol, and she's way too cute! What is she like?>
Minori: Huh?! U-Uhh... What is she like?
Luka (MMJ): <I know!>
MEIKO (MMJ): <Ah, you have a challenger.>
Luka (MMJ): <It sounded like a fun question, so I decided to answer.>
Minori: Oh, Luka, I wanna hear you answer! “This teacher's a former idol, and she's way too cute! What is she like?”
Luka (MMJ): <Okay, who can answer this question? Today, I'll pick... You, since you raised your hand so quickly♪>
Minori: Th-That's so cute!
Luka (MMJ): <Hehe. We are idols, after all. A cute response is just as good as a funny one, no?>
Minori: You're right...! I'm learning so much already!
Minori: Lemme try... “Idol” and “teacher”... Cute responses work, and so do funny ones... Hmm... Hm...?
Minori: What do I do...?! My brain's starting to feel totally overloaded!
MEIKO (MMJ): <Why don't you start by saying the things that immediately come to mind? That should help.>
Luka (MMJ): <Yes, going with your gut may be the best option in your case.>
Minori: Y-You think so? Then... Okay!
Minori: At the start of every class, she always does her self-intro! Or... Oh, instead of bringing chalk, she accidentally brought a glow stick instead!
Luka (MMJ): <Hehe. That's it, Minori! Keep adding tools to your chest just like that♪>
(Black cut)
Minori: Thank you both so much! I think I have a better idea of what to do now!
Luka (MMJ): <You're welcome. We're glad we could help, Minori.>
Minori: Oh, before I forget, I need to write down the advice you two gave me!
Minori: Oh... This is the last page of my notebook. I need to go buy a new one tomorrow.
MEIKO (MMJ): <It's so admirable that you've been writing in your notebook every single day.>
Luka (MMJ): <Speaking of which, how many notebooks have you gone through?>
Minori: Huh? I'm not sure... Gimme a second to count them!
Minori: Here we are.
Luka (MMJ): <Wow, so many... There must be at least fifty.>
MEIKO (MMJ): <Yes, and you wrote in all of these, correct, Minori?>
Minori: Hehe. There really are a lot when you look at it like this.
Minori: I keep finding new problems every day...
Minori: But this stack of notebooks represents how much I've been training, how hard I've been trying and how much I've grown until now.
Minori: And I'm gonna keep trying harder and harder! Until this stack reaches the ceiling!
Luka (MMJ): <Good luck, Minori. We're always rooting for you.>
(Black cut)
