1252_Minori Hanasato_R4 A Dazzling Idol!

Skill name: A Better Day / Bringing "Myself" Hope
Gacha phrase: Does that mean things will change for me, too?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[The Lumina Forum - Cafeteria]

Airi: Alright, we're nearing the end of our networking card game, but I'll explain the rules again since some of you joined us partway through.
Airi: The cards we're all holding have discussion topics written on them!
Airi: Just like Old Maid, whenever we make a pair after taking a card, we share an anecdote that has to do with that talking point!
Comments: <Thanks for explaining!> <Who's gonna go next?> <I wanna hear Haruka tell another story.>
Idol A: Our hands are starting to run pretty low. I'm down to one card...
Idol B: Momoi, Kiritani and I each have two left.
Shizuku: And I have three...
Minori: *Sob* I still have five...
Idol A: We've gone around four times... It's amazing how you haven't been able to make any pairs.
Comments: <Now that you mention it, Minori hasn't told a story yet.> <She's got no manner of luck, you know?> <Even though she has so many cards.>
Idol B: But you're bound to make a pair soon, right?
Haruka: And it's your turn, Minori. So, take your pick.
Minori: Okay...! Please make a pair! Please make a pair! Please make a pair!
Minori: This one...!
Minori: Y-Yes...! I made a pair! Finally!
Idol A: Congratulations, Minori! So, what's your topic?
Minori: Let's see... “The moment I felt the unluckiest”...!
Airi: I'd imagine, “When I couldn't make a pair, even after four turns of Old Maid”?
Idol B: If that's the case, Hanasato, your turn is over.
Minori: Wait, listen! I do have a really special story just for this!
Haruka: Hear that everyone? What should we do?
Comments: <I wanna hear.> <This should be good.> <A really special story? I'm listening.>
Haruka: They all seem interested, so why don't we let Minori tell her story?
Shizuku: Yes, Minori, the floor is yours!
Minori: Thanks! So, this happened in elementary school...
(Black cut)
Minori: That day, I lost my hat after it got blown away by the wind, and my shoes got all ruined after a car splashed a bunch of mud on them...
Minori: It was just a series of unlucky events.
Shizuku: To think that misfortune would befall you seven times while you were out with your family...
Idol A: It almost feels like you need an exorcist.
Airi: Yeah, what if you were possessed or something?
Minori: *Sob* That'd explain why my luck was so terrible...
Minori: So much bad stuff kept happening to me that I was too scared to do just about anything.
Minori: I even told my friends and family to stay away so that my bad luck wouldn't rub off onto them.
Minori: I think that was without a doubt the lowest point of the “Chronicles of Minori Hanasato”!
Comments: <Kinda early for a lowest point.> <Chronicles lol> <Sounds sad, but also kind of cute?>
Minori: But rest assured...! Someone was there to save me!
Minori: She's sitting right next to me. Haruka Kiritani.
Airi: Hold up, Minori. Just how long are you gonna keep talking? You've already finished talking about your topic.
Minori: No, but! I wanna talk about my fateful encounter with Haruka!
Haruka: Hehe. We ask those of you who wish to hear the rest of Minori's story to please watch the archived footage of the first streams we did as MORE MORE JUMP! Those should give you the answer.
Haruka: You'll also get to see our Minori all bright-eyed right after becoming an idol.
Comments: <Oh, nice promotion!> <Yeah, I remember. Talk about a blast from the past.> <I'll watch.>
Shizuku: Anyway, let's resume our game. Can I draw from your hand now, Minori?
Minori: Yes, of course!
Minori: (When I saw Haruka for the first time. That really takes me back...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Little Haruka (Haruka): “I'll be singing solo for the first time today. I'm really nervous, but I hope this song will cheer everyone up!”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (I'm standing here right now because I saw her that day...)
Minori: (She really is my savior.)
Haruka: Is something wrong, Minori?
Minori: Hehe. Nope, nothing!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Stage SEKAI]

[Flower Field]

Minori: Thanks for waiting, Miku, KAITO! I'm ready to start our joint practice!
Miku (MMJ): Oh... Minori, welcome! Thank you for coming.
KAITO (MMJ): Sorry, we're dealing with something right now. We might have to wait before we start practice.
Minori: Is something wrong?
KAITO (MMJ): Do you see this glowing thing at our feet?
Minori: Oh, yes. It's flickering... Wait, huh?
Minori: The light reminds me of that fragment of a feeling I accidentally touched that other time.
Miku (MMJ): Right. KAITO says this might be what's left of a fragment of a feeling...like a shard of one.
Minori: A shard of a fragment of a feeling...?
KAITO (MMJ): I've seen one once before. Just like fragments of feelings, they allow you to experience the feelings which made them...
KAITO (MMJ): The thing is, the last time this shard appeared was right when you came to SEKAI, Minori.
KAITO (MMJ): It may represent some lost feelings that you dropped along the way.
Minori: L-Lost feelings?!
Miku (MMJ): Yes. If these feelings do belong to you, Minori, then we'd like for them to be returned to their rightful owner.
Miku (MMJ): However, just like with the fragment of a feeling, you might get sent somewhere else, or something strange could happen.
Miku (MMJ): What would you like to do, Minori?
Minori: I don't know what these feelings could be about...
Minori: But if they do belong to me, then I don't want to ignore them. I want to be sure I understand them.
Miku (MMJ): Minori...
KAITO (MMJ): Understood. In that case, try touching this shard. We'll go with you, so there's no need to worry.
Minori: Okay! I'm touching it... Now!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Miku (MMJ): Alright, this looks like that shard's SEKAI.
KAITO (MMJ): Yes, but it's hard to tell what's here because of all this haze.
Miku (MMJ): Eep! Wh-Who's there?!
Minori: Did you see a ghost?!
???: I'm not a ghost.
Minori: What?! Are you me when I was little?!
Minori? (Minori): You finally came. I've been waiting here forever... Eep!
Minori: A-Are you okay?!
Minori? (Minori): *Sob* I fell and hit my nose...
Minori: (Oh, her right shoe's untied... That must be why she tripped.)
Minori: (That happened to me all the time when I was her age...)
Minori: No, please don't cry! Let me help you up. There we go—
KAITO (MMJ): No, Minori, wait!
Minori: Huh?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Wah! More light?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Th-That was scary. What was that bright light just now?
Minori: Huh? That's strange... My nose, hands and knees feel kinda sore.
Miku (MMJ): Probably because you just fell. Fortunately, you don't seem to be bleeding anywhere...
Minori: Huh? I didn't fall, Miku. That was little me.
Miku (MMJ): Umm... But you are little Minori...
Minori & Miku: Huh...?
KAITO (MMJ): Wait, what if...?
Minori? (Minori): Hooray! I don't know why, but I'm all grown up now!
Minori? (Minori): Yay! Now I'm not afraid of bad things happening to me!
Minori: W-Wait a second...
Minori: Did I just switch bodies with little me?!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[???]

Minori: Why?! Why am I little now?!
Other Minori (Minori): I don't know, but thank you! Now that I'm all grown up, I'm not afraid of anything!
Other Minori (Minori): What should I play now? Oh, I know! I'll go have lots of snacks and see if I find any that are winners!
Minori: No, wait! We need to talk more aboutー
Miku (MMJ): Minori! Your shoelaces!
Minori: Huh? Wah...!!
Minori: Owwy... That's right. My shoelaces were still untied.
KAITO (MMJ): Are you hurt, Minori? There we are...
KAITO (MMJ): Stand still for me. I'll tie up your laces now...
Miku (MMJ): Let me see your hand, Minori. I brought a handkerchief, so we can brush any dirt off using that.
Minori: *Nod* Thanks, KAITO, Miku...
Miku (MMJ): Still, this is perplexing... You actually switched bodies with her.
KAITO (MMJ): I'm sorry. I really wish that I warned you sooner...
Minori: No, I'm also sorry! I just wanted to help her...
Miku (MMJ): Anyone would've done the same thing after seeing a small child trip and fall.
Minori: Speaking of her, was the person that was here just now really me?
Miku (MMJ): Yes. I sensed some of your feelings within her just now.
Miku (MMJ): I think she's a manifestation of your feelings and memories, Minori.
Minori: My feelings and memories...
Minori: Then, the shard we touched is...
KAITO (MMJ): Yes, it belonged to you, just like we thought. Now the question is what feelings it embodied.
KAITO (MMJ): It probably isn't safe to explore this SEKAI in all this haze.
Minori: Umm... Do you think it'd go away if we fanned it hard enough?
Minori: Like this! And this! And this! Eep...!
Miku (MMJ): What's wrong?!
Minori: Th-The haze just pushed back after I tried to touch it.
KAITO (MMJ): I think it's trying to tell us to not get near it or force our way through...
Minori: Huh...?
Minori: (If it doesn't want us to get near it, then does that mean...?)
KAITO (MMJ): For now, let's try walking where we can.
Miku (MMJ): If we can find that other Minori, we can try talking to her again! C'mon, let's go!
Minori: O-Okay!
(Black cut)
Other Minori (Minori): Hehe. Chocolates, sweet soybean sticks, pudding snacks, these yogurt-like snacks...!
Other Minori (Minori): I can win stuff from all of them! Where should I start?!
Minori's Voice (Minori): Oh, there she is...!
Minori: Other me... Um, can we talk—
Other Minori (Minori): Hey, you guys! It's snack time! We should have these together!
Minori: Huh? Snack time...?
Miku (MMJ): Oh, that's right. You wanted to try your luck with those lottery snacks.
Other Minori (Minori): Yup! Now that I'm all grown up, I'm not scared of anything and I'm sure to win now!
Minori: (Yeah, after we switched bodies, she said she doesn't need to feel scared anymore...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: So much bad stuff kept happening to me that I was too scared to do just about anything.
Minori: I even told my friends and family to stay away so that my bad luck wouldn't rub off onto them.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Other Minori (Minori): Oh, I need to wash my hands before having these snacks! We're having them together, so you guys have to wait, okay?
KAITO (MMJ): Don't worry. We won't start without you.
Minori: Miku, KAITO! I think I know what feelings made this SEKAI.
Miku (MMJ): Wait, really?!
Minori: Yeah, so...
KAITO (MMJ): I see. You were too afraid of bad things happening to you to do anything, so you were depressed...
Miku (MMJ): But why does she believe that becoming you is going to keep anything else bad from happening to her?
Minori: I have no idea. But I'm sure we can get her to understand that switching bodies doesn't mean our luck has changed!
Minori: So, here's my plan!
Other Minori (Minori): I'm back! Now that my hands are all clean, let's have some of these snacks together!
Minori: Sure! But since we're here, why don't we have a contest to see who can draw the most winners?
Minori: (If I can get her to believe that I'm the luckier one, then she might decide that this body is better!)
KAITO (MMJ): (I see... I more or less understand what you're thinking, Minori.)
Miku (MMJ): Then, let's all choose twenty snacks and see who draws the most winners!
Other Minori (Minori): Wow, that sounds like fun! Let's do it!
Minori: (Yes!)
Minori: (Now I just need to win even one more winner than her!)
Minori: Let us decide fair and square!
(Black cut)
KAITO (MMJ): Let's see... Miku wins after drawing eight winners.
Miku (MMJ): Y-Yay...?
Minori: No... And you came in second after drawing six, KAITO.
Other Minori (Minori): How's it possible to draw zero winners after eating twenty snacks?!
Minori: That's what I wanna know!
Minori: But you get it now, right?! Becoming me hasn't changed your luck!
Minori: Besides, having bad luck isn't anything new for me. And more importantly, all the snacks I had were really good and we got to have a fun chat together, so...
Other Minori (Minori): How...?
Minori: Huh?
Other Minori (Minori): How can you think that way? Don't you hate having terrible luck?!
Other Minori (Minori): My friends and I made plans to play together the other day, but we couldn't because it started to rain all of a sudden!
Other Minori (Minori): And this other time, my friend gave me some candy, but a passing dog stole it from me...!
Minori: I also don't like having bad luck... But I haven't had to worry so much about it lately.
Other Minori (Minori): Why not?
Minori: Hehe. Because...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Little Haruka (Haruka): “Tomorrow will always be a better day!”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: Even if today wasn't so good, tomorrow could always be better.
Other Minori (Minori): Tomorrow will always be a better day...
Minori: *Nod* Even if bad things happen, tomorrow could be better. Thinking that way really helps.
Minori: Also, seeing the girl who taught me those words do her best helps me forget about any bad things that happened!
Other Minori (Minori): What...?
Other Minori (Minori): You just forget the bad things? Really?
Minori: Yeah! And not only that, she makes it such a happy day instead!
Other Minori (Minori): Wow...!
Other Minori (Minori): An amazing person like her really exists?! What's she like?!
Minori: Her name's Haruka Kiritani! She's my favorite idol in the whole, wide world!
Other Minori (Minori): Haruka Kiritani...
Other Minori (Minori): No fair... I wish I knew a great idol like her.
Other Minori (Minori): I wonder if I could change too, if I met an amazing idol like her.
Minori: You can! After all...
Minori: I already have!
Miku (MMJ): Does this mean...?!
(White cut)
Other Minori (Minori): Oh, I'm back to being my unlucky self...
Minori: Don't worry!
Minori: Because there's an idol right here who can help you believe in a better tomorrow!
Minori: Just watch! I'll prove it by spreading hope to you!
Minori: (The same way Haruka did for me that day!)
Minori: ♪—— ♪————!
Other Minori (Minori): Oh...
Other Minori (Minori): Th-That's so cool...! You're such an amazing singer and dancer...!
Other Minori (Minori): But you're me. How can you dance without tripping and falling? Why...?
Other Minori (Minori): Why are you sparkling so much...?!
Other Minori (Minori): Is this what it means to be an idol...?!
Other Minori (Minori): I wish...
Other Minori (Minori): Wait, if you're me... Then someday, I'll also...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Miku (MMJ): Oh, we managed to return.
Minori: Th-Thank goodness...! I honestly didn't know what was going to happen after we changed bodies!
KAITO (MMJ): Hehe. It looks like that shard is back where it belongs, now. I'm so glad that she smiled in the end.
Minori: Me too!
Minori: Thank you both for coming with me, Miku, KAITO!
Miku & KAITO: You're welcome.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, didn't we gather to practice together? What should be do about that?
Minori: If it's alright with you two, I'd like to hold practice!
Minori: Because I want to spread hope to more and more and mooore people!
KAITO (MMJ): Right! Then, let's practice together!
Minori: Thank you very much!
(Black cut)
