45_Toya Aoyagi_R1 Classical Prodigy

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 1-C]

Toya: Akito, are you here?
Akito: Hey, Toya. Great timing. I was just about to go buy lunch...
Akito: What's that in your hands?
Toya: A dog plushie.
Akito: I can tell. That's a really huge plushie, though. From the arcade again, I'm guessing?
Toya: Yes. I saw it at the game arcade on the way back home yesterday, so...
Akito: Why'd you catch it, anyway? I didn't know you liked dogs that much.
Toya: It was in a position that was difficult to catch, so I felt like I had to take up the challenge.
Akito: You know, people usually go for the easier ones. You're really unconventional here.
Akito: So why'd you bring it to school, anyway? You caught it yesterday, right?
Toya: I left it in a locker at the train station because I didn't want to be told off for bringing it home.
Akito: What? You were hugging it all the way here from the station?
Toya: Yes. I chose a bad place to store it, though...
Toya: The locker was pretty small, so the plushie's slimmed down quite a bit from yesterday. I feel kind of bad.
Akito: That's not what I was concerned about...
Akito: I can't believe you came to school holding that thing. You must've really stood out, and not in a good way.
Toya: Now that you mention it, I guess I did get a few stares?
Akito: Well, I guess that's just you being you.
Akito: At any rate, you really love going to the arcade, huh? It's just a loud and noisy place to me.
Toya: The disorderly mix of noises is quite soothing, actually.
Akito: Even so, you go there too often for your own good. It's expensive, right? Especially if you wanted to catch something difficult, like that huge dog?
Toya: Not really, I caught this dog in three tries.
Akito: Three tries?! I thought large toys like that would take a lot more tries than that...
Toya: You can more or less figure out the plushie's density by its size and shape. Once you know that, you can calculate how it will move when applying force to it in a certain way.
Toya: Most claw cranes have the same movement range and grip strength, so it's not that difficult to shift the crane to a particular spot you want.
Toya: You can make some rough calculations on the first try. After that, it's just fine-tuning.
Akito: No, that only works for brainy guys like you.
Toya: That's not true. You have what it takes too. In fact, if you just put in some effort, you'd do well in your studies too. Yet, you prefer to simply coast along the passing grade...
Akito: How did we end up talking about my grades? Anyway, you know it's not my type of thing.
Akito: Also, what're you gonna do about that dog plushie? You said you can't bring it home, right?
Toya: Yeah. I don't know what my father would say if he sees me with it... Akito, bring it back for your older sister.
Akito: Well... Ena'd probably just use it for her social media, but it's a bit too fancy for her tastes, I think...
Akito: (Actually, I just don't wanna be seen walking around with something so ridiculous.)
Akito: Sorry. Can you find someone else to take it?
Toya: I see... I'll ask Tsukasa, then.
Akito: What? He likes stuff like this?
Toya: No, he has a younger sister who accepted a few plushies from me previously through Tsukasa.
Akito: Well then, she's the perfect person to give it to, right?
Toya: Yes. In fact, Tsukasa takes really good care of them too.
Toya: He even named the panda I passed him the other day Foreston Bear the First.
Akito: Really... Hm?
Akito: (Foreston Bear...as in forest bear?)
Akito: He's just calling it what it is...
Toya: Since he named it, he must like it quite a lot.
Toya: He sends me photographs of the panda sometimes too. Foreston Bear the First must be happy to be so loved.
Akito: Well, that's good. It means this dog'll be in good hands.
Toya: I agree. I'll go hand this over to Tsukasa now. Sorry for taking up your time.
Akito: No problem. I'll head to the stall first. See you later.
Akito: (I don't get it... Why's Toya so enamored with that guy?)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Kamiyama High School - Corridor]

Akito: Hey, Toya. Just saw you walking out from the library. That means your library committee duties are over, right?
Toya: No, I came out to do something in the preparation room.
Toya: You've finished helping out with the soccer club?
Akito: Kinda. I slipped out after helping in one intraclub match.
Toya: I see. Can you wait for a while more? There's still some time left before I can close the library.
Akito: Sure, I'll wait for you here.
Toya: Here? Why not wait in the library?
Akito: Because I can't listen to music inside. You'd be the first to pester me about it.
Toya: It's a library, so of course. Well, I'll see you later then.
Akito: Yup. Sheesh, you're such a serious guy.
(Black cut)
Akito: Huh? Preparation room again?
Toya: I'm collecting a book that was returned yesterday but has yet to be shelved. I was going to shelve it after closing the library, but...
Toya: Someone may be looking for it, so I'll go pass it along.
Akito: May be looking for it? How'd you know?
Toya: This person was looking around at the same shelf for the book and asked me about it before.
Toya: It's a mystery novel that I've read before, too.
Akito: Right...
Akito: (Come to think about it, Toya likes to read, doesn't he?)
Akito: (He volunteered for the committee because nobody else wanted to do it, too.)
Akito: What, again? The library's a really busy place, huh?
Toya: Not all the time. An upperclassman was supposed to be on duty with me today, but he caught a cold, so he's resting.
Toya: Also, here.
Akito: A book?
Toya: It's an adventure novel. A good way to kill some time.
Akito: Ah, novels are a bit too tedious for me. I'd read manga instead.
Toya: That's a shame. There are plenty of good novels that—
Female Student's Voice: Excuse me, could I borrow a stool to reach that book?
Toya: Oh!
Toya: We're in the midst of acquiring a new stool because the current one is a little wobbly.
Toya: I'll take the book for you.
Female Student's Voice: Are you sure? It's that one on the top shelf...
Toya: This one? Here you go. Are you checking out the book now?
(Black cut)
Toya: Sorry for running off mid-conversation.
Akito: It's okay... Actually, just ignore me and focus on your library duties.
Akito: You said you're the only one on duty today, right?
Male Student A: Hello, librarian? The picture books on this shelf seem to have shifted somewhere...
Toya: Picture books? Oh, they should be on the next shelf...
Akito: Yep, serious to a fault. Or more like, too nice for his own good, I guess.
(Black cut)
