46_Toya Aoyagi_R2 Vivid BAD SQUAD

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Toya: I've got to hurry or I won't make it on time...
Ena: ...
Toya: Wait, wasn't that...
(Black cut)
Toya: Hey. Sorry, did you wait long?
Akito: Nah, not even a minute.
Toya: That's a relief... Oh?
Toya: What's in that box?
Akito: Oh, this?
Akito: My sister, Ena, dragged me out to have cake with her.
Toya: (So I was right, that was his sister I saw.)
Toya: Do you go out together often?
Akito: Are you kidding me? No, it's a bother.
Akito: I went with her this time only because I wanted to get something from that shop myself.
Toya: Is it cheesecake?
Akito: Yeah. You know me too well.
Toya: You really like your cheesecake. You had cake at the shop and also bought some to take home?
Akito: No, I didn't have anything to eat while we were there. I can't enjoy my food with Ena around.
Toya: Why not?
Akito: She takes forever taking photos of the food from different angles to upload to social media.
Akito: And she doesn't only do it before eating, but also after taking a few bites, and when she's done. It drives me nuts.
Toya: I see how that can be annoying.
Akito: But at least I had her pay for my slice of cake.
Akito: I have one for you too. Let's eat it when we get to the live house.
Toya: You got cake for me too?
Akito: Ena was in a good mood, so she didn't mind. Must be something to do with her group.
Toya: Oh yeah, you mentioned that before, didn't you?
Toya: What was it called, Nightcord? She chats on that with some friends?
Akito: Yeah. They make music videos. Ena does the illustrations for them.
Toya: What genre of music?
Akito: I dunno.
Akito: But Ena seems to be having fun with it, so there's that.
Toya: That's good.
Akito: Yeah. She flips out less often thanks to that.
Toya: Flips out?
Akito: When she gets mad, she throws stuff, or lunges at me trying to scratch me.
Toya: ...
Akito: It's not as serious as it sounds. I can dodge her easily anyway.
Akito: Except her scratch attack. If I let her get close, she digs her claws in...
Toya: That reminds me, you had lots of scratches on you when we first met.
Toya: I assumed you had a cat.
Toya: ...
Akito: And what's so funny?
Toya: Nothing. I felt a little jealous of your family.
Akito: Are you crazy?!
Akito: I guess...things haven't changed at your house?
Toya: No...
Akito: It's not easy for either of us. You've got problems with your parents, I've got my sister...
Toya: Yeah...
Toya: (I wish I could be like you, unafraid to say what I think even if it might lead to a fight.)
Toya: (I've never managed to be open with my feelings like that.)
Toya: (That's probably not going to change...)
Toya: (But I wish it did.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Kamiyama Street]

Toya: (I've never been to the event venue where we're meeting today.)
Toya: (I think I need to turn into this street?)
Toya: Huh? Someone's playing a violin?
Violinist: ―――♪　―――♪
Passerby A: Look at that guy playing violin! How cool is that!
Passerby B: Yeah, wow. He's playing so fast, too!
Toya: ...
Toya: (He's playing so fast that he's going off-key. That violin's not tuned right either...)
Violinist: Haha! Despite that I am a music school graduate. That was just a warm-up!
Violinist: Want me to show you just how fast I can go?
Toya: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Live House]

Toya: ...
Toya: (The sound of that violin is stuck in my head...)
Toya: (Why was that guy obsessed with playing fast? It only strains the instrument more...)
Toya: (I can't get it out of my head...)
Akito: Yo. It's rare for you to come later than me...
Akito: Dude, you don't look so well.
Kohane: A-Are you okay, Toya? Are you feeling unwell?
Toya: I'm fine, don't worry...
An: Why did you look away saying that?
Toya: You're right. I should be honest with you.
(Black cut)
Akito: Summing up, you heard some punk abuse his violin in public and the noise he was trying to pass for music made you feel physically unwell?
Toya: He wasn't that bad...
Akito: Really? He made you feel sorry for his violin.
Akito: So, was it the bad playing that soured your mood, or was it because he was playing the violin?
Toya: ...
Akito: Both?
Kohane: Sorry, I don't follow...
Akito: No matter. We better get started with our practice.
Kohane: But Aoyagi isn't feeling well...
Akito: You and An are singing your part first today, no? So you go ahead and meanwhile I'll talk to Toya.
An: Well, he's your partner, so you look after him.
An: Kohane, let's leave them to it!
Kohane: Okay... Take it easy, Aoyagi.
Toya: Sure.
Toya: I'm sorry, Akito.
Akito: Don't be. You still got that violin stuck in your head, making you feel sick?
Toya: Yeah...
Akito: Then you need a reset.
Toya: What do you mean?
Akito: I mean this.
Kohane & An: ―――♪　―――♪
Toya: (Their singing voices are beautiful as usual, rich and strong.)
Toya: ...
Akito: ...
Kohane & An: ―――♪　―――♪
Toya: ...
Toya: Sorry for the wait. I'm ready now.
Akito: Alright. Let's make ourselves heard, eh?
Toya: You said it.
(Black cut)
