47_Toya Aoyagi_R3 Broken Bonds

Gacha phrase: I should have done this sooner.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma)

[After school]

[Kamiyama High School]

Toya: (I've submitted all my work, and I don't think I've forgotten to do anything...)
Classmate: Aoyagi? You're not with Shinonome today?
Toya: Akito...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya: I can't perform with you anymore.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: He went back first because he had something on.
Classmate: Oh. It just feels weird when you're not together, you know?
Toya: It does?
Classmate: It does! Anyway, I may need his help for club activities again soon. Pass the message for me, okay? See you!
Toya: Ah... Pass him a message, huh.
Toya: (Usually at this time, I would be meeting Akito to sing, or heading over to Weekend Garage...)
Toya: (Right now... I have neither Akito nor music with me.)
Toya: (And my family...)
Toya: ...
Tsukasa: Toya! What are you doing looking all spaced out in a place like this?
Toya: Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: Huh? What's the matter? You look like an abandoned puppy.
Toya: ...
Tsukasa: Hm...
Tsukasa: Very well, if you have some time after this, come with me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Toya: The mall? Are you buying something here?
Tsukasa: Well, actually...
Saki: You're late, Tsukasa! Huh... Toya?!
Toya: Tsukasa's younger sister?
Saki: Wow, how long has it been? Mom and Tsukasa tell me about you sometimes, but this is our first time actually meeting again in a while, huh? How have you been?
Toya: I'm well. How about you, Saki? How's your health?
Saki: Aww, thanks for your concern! You're always so nice and well-mannered.
Saki: I've recovered enough to be discharged recently. To prepare for my return to school, I'm here today to get used to the outside! It's just an excuse to play, really♪
Toya: I see. I'm just glad you're better now.
Saki: Hehe, thanks! But sorry too. Tsukasa must have dragged you along with him today, right?
Toya: Yes, but I'm grateful for that. I didn't have anything to do later, anyway...
Saki: Hm?
Tsukasa: Toya, Saki! If you're done updating each other, let's go! Our first destination is the arcade!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Arcade]

Toya: Should we go for another song?
Tsukasa: Urgh... I...I can still go on!
Saki: Haha, Tsukasa you're terrible with video games. I think even I could beat you with ease!
Tsukasa: Hehehe, my dear sister Saki... Do you really think you can beat me? Your most excellent older brother?
Saki: Of course I can! You heard that, Toya. Change places with me!
Toya: Yes, here you go.
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Hahaha! I must applaud you for tying with me!
Saki: Ugh... I was so close...
Toya: Saki. You just need to pay closer attention to the interval between the notes and the song itself.
Saki: O-Okay. Like this?
Saki: Ah! This really makes it easier to hit the notes!
Tsukasa: Hey, it's not fair to get help from someone else!
Saki: Why does it matter? It's my first time playing this game!
Saki: Whoa, the song just got harder. If I try to do what Toya told me to for this part...
Tsukasa: Ugh! This is a really hard part! Ogh?! Awaaaargh?!
Saki: I did it! I beat Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: This cannot be! I have been thwarted!
Toya: Hehe...
Saki: Oh, stop being such a drama queen. Look, even Toya's laughing at you.
Toya: (What? I was laughing?)
Tsukasa: Grr... Saki, Toya! Our next combat shall be held on the battlefield of fighting games!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Ahh... I haven't had so much fun in ages! Thanks for hanging out with me today, Tsukasa, Toya.
Toya: No, thank you for allowing me to join you.
Tsukasa: Good.
Tsukasa: Your face looks much better now, Toya.
Toya: What?
Tsukasa: I don't know what exactly happened, but I'm always here for you. I'll never leave my junior classman in a lurch!
Toya: I know. Thank you for today, Tsukasa.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Vivid Street]

Akito: Toya, they're already waiting for us at Weekend Garage.
Toya: We should be able to talk about the event soon, then.
Toya: That reminds me...
Akito: Hm?
Toya: Some other musicians came up to talk to me the other day, when I was heading home from a show.
Akito: Why? Did they say something bad to you?
Toya: No... It was more of a...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Toya: (We did pretty well in today's show, generally speaking. The last chorus part, though...)
Musician: Hey, aren't you Toya from BAD DOGS?
Musician: You performed today too, right?
Toya: Yes...
Toya: (I think they were in today's show too... I wonder what they want from me?)
Musician: You guys rocked! I hope to see you perform again!
Toya: Thank you...
Musician: Getting to sing with Akito is a pretty big feat, you know.
Musician: Most of the people who asked to partner with him before usually got turned down for not being good enough.
Toya: Right...
Toya: But we only partnered up because we have the same goal...
Musician: Right, I've heard the rumors.
Musician: You're trying to surpass the event that Ken from Weekend Garage pulled off a long time ago, right?
Toya: Yes...
Musician: Can't wait to see your performance as Vivid BAD SQUAD together with An and Kohane, too!
Musician: We won't just be watching wistfully from the audience stand, though. Let's perform together again in another event if we ever get the chance!
Toya: Yes, absolutely.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Toya: We had a normal conversation, and then they left.
Akito: I see... They may be people that I know.
Akito: While you were on your way back from that show... Did they approach you near the shops?
Toya: Yes, they did. So they were your friends?
Akito: Not really. More like people who asked if they could sing with me as a group when I was still going solo.
Akito: But they were more into just singing for fun. Because we had different goals, we never performed as a group together, even if we did take part in the same events.
Toya: I see.
Akito: What now? You seem happy about that.
Toya: Well...
Toya: ...
Toya: Although their goals are different from ours, they've been singing in this place for a long time, right?
Toya: I'm just happy to be acknowledged by people like that. It makes me feel like I'm allowed to be here.
Akito: Allowed... Don't think of yourself like that.
Akito: The more important thing is whether you want to sing here or not. I told you that before, remember?
Toya: Yes. I understand what you mean now.
Toya: But I'm still happy about it. It makes me feel like I'm really being accepted by this town.
Akito: Sheesh, this place has always accepted you, right from the start...
Toya: Yes, you're right. I only realized that because of everyone.
Akito: What?
Toya: Because of you, Azusawa, Shiraishi, Ken, and...
Toya: Miku, MEIKO, and Len from that mysterious SEKAI, I've come to realize many things I never did before.
Akito: Okay...
Toya: I'll be counting on your support in the future too, Akito.
Akito: You got it, partner.
(Black cut)
