137_Toya Aoyagi_R3 Relaxing Cafe Break (event_6)

Gacha phrase: I may actually be enjoying this.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO: And here's your usual blend.
Toya: Thank you.
Toya: Excellent aroma. It's very relaxing...
MEIKO: Hehe, I'm glad you like it.
Kohane: Hello, MEIKO!
Len: Oh, Toya's here too!
An: He is!
MEIKO: Welcome! Sit anywhere you like.
An: Thanks! Toya, you're really early.
Kohane: Yeah, we met Len on the way here too...
Kohane: We said to him we were definitely going to be the first to turn up here today, but here you are.
Toya: Ah, but I didn't plan on showing up this early either...
Toya: I had to pick a time to leave my house when I wouldn't be seen.
An: Be seen? By who?
Toya: My dad.
An: Oh, right...
MEIKO: Here you are. Your usual drinks.
Kohane: Thank you, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Hehe. It's commendable that you make sure to arrive ahead of time!
MEIKO: Len and Rin are such a handful since they'll show up late or forget about meetups entirely!
Len: But... It's easy to forget the time when you're absorbed in singing.
Len: Oh, wait... I get it now!
Toya: Get what?
Len: Why you're always early! It's because you can't wait to sing with everyone, right?
Toya: Hmm, maybe?
Toya: It's always a good idea to turn up early for gigs, so you can warm up or gauge the mood of the audience...
Len: Yeah, so it's exactly as I said! It's because you can't wait to get started with your show!
Toya: And what do you two think about it...?
An: Haha! If Len's so convinced, he may be right.
Toya: I see...
Len: You must feel it, Toya. The happy anticipation!
Toya: Anticipation?
Len: Like when you see the excited audience waiting in front of the live house!
Len: Or when talking with your group backstage! And when it's almost time to get on stage!
Toya: ...
Len: Huh? Don't tell me you don't feel that way!
Kohane: Um, I know what you're talking about, Len.
Kohane: In my case it's not just anticipation, but also a bit of anxiety.
An: How did you feel during STAY GOLDEN, Toya?
An: I mean, it didn't end the way we hoped...
An: But when we were talking about it at my dad's cafe, you seemed enthusiastic and smiling too.
Toya: I remember that...
Toya: But it was you two that made me smile.
An: What? Us?
Toya: Yeah. You were so excited for STAY GOLDEN that you could hardly sit still.
Kohane: So that means... You were laughing at us being hyper?
An: Wait, really?!
Kohane: Haha... But we really were bouncing off the walls that day.
An: Wow, we were probably acting like little kids. Please tell us if that happens again...
Toya: Hm? Sure.
An: Geez... I bet my dad and Akito were rolling their eyes at us. I'm getting embarrassed just thinking about it now.
Len: Why? I think it's great that you got so excited that you went a little nuts!
Toya: Excitement, huh...
Toya: (I've never really been aware of my emotions when it came to singing or getting the crowd hyped...)
Toya: (Next time we do a gig, I'll try to be more mindful of what I'm feeling.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

Akito: Okay, team. Let's talk about our next gig.
Kohane: So we'll be performing at the event An's friend invited us to?
An: That's right. It's a good chance for us to show off just how good we got. Let's make the most of it!
Kohane: Yeah! Sounds good!
Toya: ...
Akito: What's up, Toya? Why are you spacing out?
Toya: I was just trying to imagine what you guys are feeling right now.
Akito: Dude, what?
An: Let me guess, what Len said the other day really made you think?
Akito: What did Len say?
Toya: That I get excited for singing even though I don't realize it.
Akito: Hmm, I see...
Toya: It would be helpful to me if you could describe your emotions before the gig.
An: Haha! You sound like you're not from this planet, Toya.
An: As for me, I feel happy that I'll be singing together with Kohane, and that I'll be performing in front of people...
An: I guess that's what you'd call happy anticipation!
An: Your turn, Kohane.
Kohane: Um... I feel very motivated, but also tense.
Kohane: But compared to when I started, I'm less tense and more motivated!
Toya: I see. Akito, how about you?
Akito: Hmm... I'm dead set on getting the audience more fired up than anyone else. I've got to make it a success.
Kohane: And what are your feelings, Aoyagi?
Toya: I... Hmm...
Akito: ...
Toya: ...
Akito: Come on, dude. Say something.
Toya: I'm sorry, I couldn't think of anything to say, so instead I tried imagining how I feel during gigs.
Akito: Okay, and what have you got?
Toya: I always try to tune in to how everyone's feeling, paying attention to the tone of your voices.
Toya: I also try to read the audience's reaction to the group who performed before us.
Toya: But this is just what I do, not how I feel...
An's Father: Understanding one's feelings can be difficult, eh. Here's what you ordered.
Kohane: Thank you!
An's Father: You're welcome. Enjoy.
An's Father: If you don't mind me butting into your conversation...
An's Father: Toya, it sounds to me like you have this ambition to make your gigs great.
Toya: Huh?
An's Father: Isn't that right?
An's Father: What you've been describing is the actions needed to make your shows work.
Toya: Oh...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Kohane: Thanks, An. You can be sure that I'm going to give it my all at the show!
An: I know you will! If you're feeling lost, just focus on my voice.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Toya: I'd say we're poised for success at STAY GOLDEN.
Akito: You don't wanna get complacent. Anyway, I'll see you later. I've got some business to take care of.
Toya: Okay, later.
Toya: (Something tells me he's going to practice on his own. After all that singing... Akito's a perfectionist when it comes to singing.)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Akito: By the way, you were acting weird after STAY GOLDEN. Like you were out of it.
Akito: Now I know what it was. You were disappointed.
Toya: Was I?
Akito: You should know.
An: Was my dad right on point, Toya?
Toya: Yes. I do want to make our gigs the best they can be.
Toya: So that we contribute to the events we perform at, and show the audience a good time.
An: Right? Isn't it fun when we hit all the right notes? I think that also points to you feeling some sort of anticipation!
Toya: Yes, maybe.
Akito: We're on the same page then. Gotta make our next gig awesome.
Kohane: Yeah! Let's do this, guys!
Toya: Let's make it a success.
(Black cut)
