143_Toya Aoyagi_R2 Unexpected Talent? (event_7)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Two weeks before the School Festival]

[Weekend Garage]

Toya: The School Festival is just around the corner. My class is pretty much ready now. How about yours?
Akito: Sigh... We really gotta buckle down to get ready in time.
Toya: So we won't be able to practice together until the festival's over?
Akito: Yup.
An: Well, it's a special school event. We should participate and help out.
An: By the way, can you come to the festival, Kohane? It'd be awesome to see everything together!
Kohane: Um, it's in two weeks, right? I'm going on a trip with my family that weekend...
An: Aww, man...
An: But the festival goes all the way into the night, so you can drop by anytime and I'll show you around!
Kohane: Okay! I don't think you told me yet what your class is doing for the festival.
An: Just your standard cafe, but we're gonna have really fancy decor so you gotta check it out!
Kohane: Yeah, cool! How about you, Shinonome, Aoyagi?
Akito: We're doing a haunted house. But well, that is a shame...
Kohane: Huh?
Akito: I wish you could come. I'd even put in the effort to scare you out of your wits.
Kohane: Whaaat?! No, no... Th-That's okay...!
Toya: I thought you were just the receptionist, Akito?
Akito: Yeah, but I can tell the monster team what to do.
Akito: Wanna come test your courage? It's supposed to be pretty scary.
An: M-Me?! Uh... Sorry, but I'll be too busy with my class and seeing everything else so... Pass!
An: S-So what are you guys doing, Toya?
Toya: A cotton candy stall. We'll have a few different types too, and it'll probably be fun just to see them all.
Kohane: Different types of cotton candy? Like different colors?
Toya: Let me show you a picture I took earlier. We're making ones like this for example.
Kohane: Oh, wow! An, look at that! That's really amazing!
An: Hmm? What, is this for real? It's a teddy bear! That's so cute!
Akito: That's really well made. Wait, you really made those?
Toya: Yeah. It's surprisingly easy. You just follow the instructions.
Toya: We can also make bunnies and unicorns. All of my classmates really liked them too.
An: Hmph. So you're busy getting a stall ready for the event like a real student.
Akito: Well, he's always taken school seriously.
Toya: But you're helping with your class' thing too, Akito.
Akito: Only during lunch breaks or when I don't have work.
An: Same here. I'm too busy with my dad's cafe, so I haven't had much time to help out with our class' cafe.
Toya: Right...
Toya: In my case, I think getting into it because I'm just trying to make up for lost time.
Akito: ...
Kohane: What do you mean?
Toya: Oh. Until now, I never really got to participate in many school events.
Akito: I think it's more like, You weren't allowed to...
Kohane: What?!
An: Why couldn't you...?
Toya: My parents wouldn't let me. They wanted me to practice the piano rather than waste time on stuff like this.
Toya: They always made me spend my weekends playing the piano too. In my dad's mind, school events only got in the way of practice.
Toya: My mom was paranoid about me getting hurt and not being able to become a pianist... She even banned me from playing any ball sports.
Toya: She wouldn't let me go on outings, camping or even school trips.
Kohane: That's crazy...
Toya: My parents kept telling me I had to practice every single day, or I'd lose all of my progress.
Akito: It's like the drivel you hear with sports clubs, like it takes three days to make up for one missed day of training...
Toya: Anyway, I don't have to live like that anymore. I'm taking part in the School Festival this time.
Kohane: Yeah. That's great...!
An: It is. That means you have to get as much out of this festival as you can, Toya!
An: I'll definitely stop by your stall! I'll bring some friends too!
Toya: Yeah. That'll be nice.
An: Sooo, can I get a buddy discount?
Toya: ... Okay. I'll think about it.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

Akito: It's nice to be here again.
Toya: Yeah, we've all been too busy with the School Festival to drop by.
Toya: I missed the taste of MEIKO's special brew.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO: Oh! Hey, guys! It's been a while!
Rin: Hey, it's Akito and Toya!
Len: Yeah! Great to see you again! Let's all sit together!
Toya: Sure. In that case, if you don't mind...
Akito: Is Miku not here today...? At least we get to see this cheerful bunch.
Rin: Huh? Do we look cheerful to you...?
Len: We've all been pretty down because it's so boring when you don't visit.
Toya: Sorry, school kept us busy.
MEIKO: Should I get you your usual?
Akito: Yeah, thanks.
Toya: Yes, please.
MEIKO: Okay. It'll be just a moment!
Len: So what were you so busy with? Is it those tests you keep talking about?
Toya: No, it was because of the School Festival. Preparing for it took up a lot of time.
Rin & Len: The School Festival...?
Akito: Huh? You don't know what it is?
Len: Hmm... Is it when you turn your classroom into haunted houses and stuff?
Rin: Huh? Len, no! It's all about food stalls!
Toya: You're both right.
Toya: Students prepare all sorts of attractions for this event. There are student-run shops, shows and all sorts of other stuff. It's a lot of fun.
Akito: In fact, my class did a haunted house.
Len: Whoa, that's so cool!
Rin: What did your class do, Toya?
Toya: We had a cotton candy stall.
Rin: Wow, cotton candy?! The puffy clouds of sweetness?!
Toya: That's right. We made ones that looked like animals.
Len: I didn't know you could do that! That sounds amazing!
Akito: Toya, show them that picture.
Toya: Oh, sure. Let me find it... Here.
Rin: Aww! It's so cute! Len, look! It's a cotton candy teddy bear!
Len: Yeah, that's awesome! You took cotton candy to the next level!
Rin: Sigh... I wish I could've seen you make that! I'm really craving one right now...
Toya: You need a special cotton candy maker for this...
MEIKO: Alright, here's your coffee! Be careful. It's very hot.
Rin: MEIKO, wait! You have to see this!
MEIKO: A cotton candy bear? That's adorable.
Rin: MEIKO, do you think you might have a cotton candy maker lying around the store somewhere?
MEIKO: Hmm, I don't know.
MEIKO: There's a whole pile of mics and speakers, but I doubt we have one of those.
Rin: That'd be too good to be true...
Toya: ...
Toya: If you wouldn't mind waiting a bit...
Toya: I could see if I can borrow a home cotton candy maker from a classmate. We've been using it to practice making them before the festival.
Rin: Really?!
Toya: Well, no guarantees...
Rin: Yay! This is so exciting...!
Len: Rin, don't get your hopes up just yet. What if he can't borrow the machine?
Rin: I know, Len... But I'm really looking forward to it♪
MEIKO: Hehe. I like listening to you all talk about music, but school life's interesting too. It's nice to get to know everyone from this sort of perspective.
Toya: Huh, really?
MEIKO: Yes, really. As students, you get to experience so many different things, right?
MEIKO: It all contributes to the ways you express yourselves.
Toya: How we express ourselves...?
Akito: Like when we sing?
Toya: Oh, I see.
MEIKO: Well, this is a cafe, so you're free to chat about anything you like.
MEIKO: But I guess it's only natural that you all gravitate towards discussing music.
Len: Haha. Yeah.
Toya: (How we express ourselves, huh...? People often tell me that they can't figure out what I'm thinking because I always seem to have a blank expression on my face.)
Toya: (Maybe new experiences will eventually help me learn to be more expressive.)
Akito: Toya, what are you thinking about this time...?
Toya: Oh, nothing. I think I just realized something is all.
Akito: Well, alright. Cool.
Toya: Yeah.
Toya: (And aside from being more expressive, I want to participate in more school events!)
(Black cut)
