165_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Maybe Someday (event_12)

Gacha phrase: Just listen to my resolve.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Toya's Room]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: It wasn't by chance.
Akito: It's because you got over whatever was going on between you and your dad.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (I really enjoyed the last event. And what happened with my dad...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: ...
Toya: (It's been a while since I felt this good. I'd like to get some practice in...)
Toya: (But we all agreed to take a break today. Maybe I'll just relax listening to some music.)
Toya: (Come to think of it, Akito lent me that CD and... Hm?)
Toya: What's this...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Toya: Hello.
Len: Oh! Hi, Toya!
Rin: Yay, good to see you! Come sit with us!
Toya: Sure.
MEIKO: Welcome. Is it just you today?
Toya: Yes. We don't have practice today, so I thought I'd come here and just listen to some music.
Toya: And if it's alright with you... Would you mind putting this CD on?
MEIKO: Oh, is it classical music?
Toya: Yes. It's a recording of my dad's solo concert.
Toya: I couldn't stand the sight of it, so I put it away and forgot about it until coming across it by chance today.
MEIKO: I see. And you felt like giving it another listen?
Toya: Yes... I thought that if I listened to it here after telling my dad how I felt about music, then I could finally appreciate it for what it is.
MEIKO: Okay, sounds good. We can all listen to it together.
Len: I'm curious to hear what your dad sounds like too!
Rin: Wait, Len. It's classical music. Won't you just fall asleep halfway through?
Len: No, it won't! And if you fall asleep listening, Rin, I'll doodle all over your face!
Rin: Challenge accepted! I'll do the same to you if you doze off!
Toya: (I made the right call coming here. I'd just overthink things again if I were alone...)
MEIKO: Okay, shall I go and put the CD on?
Toya: Yes, thank you.
(Black cut)
Len: That was really awesome...!
Rin: Yeah, it really was!
Rin: I loved the third piece the best. It felt so sad that my heart sort of began to sink, but at the same time, that was what I really liked about it!
Len: I liked the one towards the end. It felt like a piece where a lot of people would be singing and dancing!
Rin: Oh, I totally get that! I had the same image in my head too!
Len: Right? Toya, your dad's amazing. How does he play like that?
Toya: Thanks. I feel proud of being his son after hearing that.
MEIKO: It changed my impression of your dad too, you know.
MEIKO: Based on what I heard about him from you earlier, I thought he was a cold and strict person, but his performance was very rich and colorful.
Toya: Well, he is very strict. Especially when it comes to classical music...
Toya: That may be due to his playing style as well...
Len: What about his style?
Toya: It's all about his steadfast conviction when it comes to performing.
Toya: His goal is to flawlessly portray the composer's thoughts or intentions.
Toya: He not only learns the actual music, but also researches the composer and their surrounding musical composition until he knows all there is to know about them.
Toya: By doing this, he recreates the composer's vision for a piece in his head and plays accordingly.
MEIKO: Wow... That's incredibly thorough...
Toya: It's also why he despises anything that deviates from the composer's original vision, such as different arrangements, additions and such...
MEIKO: I see...
Toya: I used to look up to Dad since I was little.
Toya: But he also put me under pressure. He wanted me to play the same way as him...
MEIKO: Yet you're putting him in such a good light now...
Toya: Yes... I'm finally glad that I can listen to my dad's music and feel respect for him instead of stress...
MEIKO: That's great, Toya.
MEIKO: Toya, if it's alright with you, would you mind if I borrowed this CD for a bit? I'd like to listen to it some more.
Toya: Of course.
MEIKO: Hehe. Thank you.
MEIKO: Oh, let me treat you to some coffee jelly. You know, as a small token of my appreciation.
MEIKO: Here you go. And for Rin and Len, I have fruit jelly! I only made enough for three, so you get to be the lucky ones today!
Rin: Yay, treats!
Len: Thanks, MEIKO!
MEIKO: You're welcome! Enjoy!
Toya: Thank you very much. I'm sure we will.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Live House]

Toya: We're on soon...
Kohane: Oh... That's a big audience. I still can't believe we got invited as guests to this event!
An: I bet it's thanks to all that word of mouth publicity we got after our last show. Our customers have been talking about it lately too.
Akito: As good as that one was, we gotta keep raising the bar and make that our standard.
Akito: So let's show them what we got today too, guys.
Toya: Right. Let's do this!
(Black cut)
MC: Give it up for Vivid BAD SQUAD! Talk about an unreal performance!
Spectator A: Wow, that was awesome! They really the same group from STAY GOLDEN?
Spectator B: Yeah, they really stepped up their game!
Old Regular: Wait, I know these guys...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

An's Father: Looks like your last gig was a success.
An's Father: Right after I opened up this morning, customers who said they saw you came in droves to tell me about it.
Kohane: Wow, really?!
Akito: That should make people forget about our flop at STAY GOLDEN.
Toya: I agree.
An: Welco... Oh, hello!
Old Regular: Ah, great! Perfect timing!
Toya: Oh, that's Ken's old friend...
Old Regular: Hey, kids! I was hoping to find you here!
Old Regular: I went to your gig the other day too. Just wow! Absolutely phenomenal!
Old Regular: In particular...
Toya: ...?
Old Regular: Your singing knocked my socks off! Your style's really come together, and so quickly too...!
Toya: Thank you.
Toya: But I need to return that gratitude as well. What you'd said gave me the opportunity to rethink a few things about myself as well.
Old Regular: Is that so? I'm happy to hear that!
Toya: I think I'm very fortunate. Especially when it's come to meeting people.
Toya: I'm who I am now thanks to the support and encouragement of those around me.
Toya: At the same time, I do seem to be making progress, but also don't feel that I've changed much myself...
Akito: Well duh. You're still you, dude.
Old Regular: Hahaha! True, true!
Old Regular: You really make an excellent team. And you're right, Toya... It's rare to be in such good company at your age.
Old Regular: I'll definitely be keeping an eye on all of you!
Toya: Thank you. We'll keep doing our best.
Toya: (I really am lucky to have friends like Tsukasa, Ken, Azusawa and Shiraishi... And most of all...)
Akito: Hm? Why are you staring at me?
Toya: No reason...
Akito: Yeah, right. I could tell you had something to say to me.
Toya: Oh?
Akito: Dude, I've learned to read that poker face of yours.
Akito: Tell me what it was or it's gonna start bugging me.
Toya: Nope...
Akito: What?! Why not?! Come on, tell me, dude!
An's Father: Haha. This is a rare sight.
An: It is... Now I'm getting curious...
Kohane: Hehe. Me too!
Akito: See, everyone wants to hear it.
Toya: I'm still not telling.
Akito: Oh, come on! What's the big deal?!
Akito: Forget them, just tell me! Aren't we best buds?
Toya: And that's the reason I won't tell you.
Akito: Cut it out already! Why make it some huge secret?!
Toya: (Because it's clear that I don't need to say that you're the best partner I could ask for.)
(Black cut)
