187_Toya Aoyagi_R4 A Bond Between Siblings (event_16)

Gacha phrase: I hope they enjoy it.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Diner]

Tsukasa: Phew... We got more than I expected.
Tsukasa: But thanks to you, Toya, everything went smoothly! You have my gratitude!
Toya: No, I didn't do anything. All I did was carry some things for you.
Toya: I just hope the Doll Festival party turns out well.
Tsukasa: Yes, we got all the party goods Saki likes to have, so it's bound to be a great success!
Tsukasa: But I'm sure you're tired after all that, no?
Toya: Please, don't mind me. I didn't have any other plans today either so...
Tsukasa: ...
Toya: Tsukasa...?
Tsukasa: Well, it's just that you seem to be smiling more often now.
Toya: I am...?
Tsukasa: When we were kids, I always tried my hardest to make you laugh or smile, but I guess you don't need any of that now...
Tsukasa: You're like a little brother to me, and next to Saki, my number two fan!
Tsukasa: I should thank Akito for helping you turn things around.
Toya: That'd be nice... But I also have you to thank, Tsukasa.
Toya: As I mentioned before, you were the one that actually led me to meeting Akito in the first place.
Toya: And do you remember the time when we first met...?
Tsukasa: Hmm... Oh, it was when you came over to my house when your parents needed a sitter.
Toya: Yes.
Toya: (Our parents already knew each other from before, but I didn't and was a little scared at first...)
Toya: (I didn't even know that Tsukasa was learning to play the piano just like I was...)
Toya: (I wasn't sure about what to say if he asked me to play with him, but...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Alright, Toya! You're gonna help me with some training!
Little Toya (Toya): Training...?
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Yes! My little sister, who's in the hospital right now, and I compete to see who can find people the fastest in these books, but she always wins...
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): That's why I want to win next time and show her what her big brother is made of!
Little Toya (Toya): Umm... So you want to me to look with you?
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Exactly! So let's get started! On the first page...
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Here...! No, that's not him... I didn't notice the cleft chin at first...
Little Toya (Toya): Huh? Is it this person way off to the right...?
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): What?! You're the main character! Why are you hiding over there?! I feel cheated for some reason...
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): But well done, Toya! You did great!
Little Toya (Toya): Huh? Oh, hehe...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: Although I do have older brothers, they're much older than me and were sent off to study before I even got a chance to get to know them better...
Toya: On top of that, I hardly ever had time to play with my friends because of piano and violin practice.
Toya: But after that day, I started going over to your house more and more where you even started showing me your plays.
Toya: You really helped keep my spirits up...
Tsukasa: Toya...
Tsukasa: There's something I need to thank you for as well.
Toya: There is...?
Tsukasa: The first time we met, I'd already gone to see Saki that day.
Tsukasa: We played together like always but when it came time to go home, Saki started crying all the sudden...
Tsukasa: She'd been in the hospital so long by then, everything she kept pent up inside just seemed to come bursting out.
Tsukasa: She even said, Please, don't go... But all I could tell her was that I'd be back tomorrow and we could play again...
Toya: ...
Tsukasa: The fact that I couldn't bring back Saki's smile kept bothering me so much.
Tsukasa: But that day, you smiled.
Toya: ...!
Tsukasa: Your smile made me want to make Saki smile. It made me want to keep my promise to her.
Toya: I see. That's so nice.
Tsukasa: Also, I still ended up losing to her when we started going through those books together.
Tsukasa: Toya, you don't owe me anything. Just know that you've been there for me too.
Toya: Okay...
Tsukasa: It's been a long time coming, but thank you for then, Toya.
Toya: You're welcome. And thank you as well...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

Akito: Alright, we've got our set list for the next event, so we can start getting working out the finer details for practice.
Toya: I agree. I'm very much looking forward to it.
An: Yeah! We've all been on fire lately too!
Toya: I'll see you tomorrow.
Kohane: Oh, Aoyagi! One sec!
Toya: Hm? Yes?
Kohane: Um, I saw you in town hanging out with someone the other day. Were you two out shopping together?
Kohane: I swear he looked exactly like someone that does shows for the Wonder Stage too!
Akito: It has to be...
Toya: Oh, you mean Tsukasa? Yes, he is a member of that troupe.
Toya: You've mentioned that you're a fan of Phoenix Wonderland, no?
Kohane: I am! Wait, does that mean you're friends with one of the cast members, Aoyagi?!
Toya: He's like an older brother to me and I respect him very much. We've known each other quite a long time as well.
Kohane: I didn't know that...!
Akito: So, what were you out doing with Tsukasa...?
Toya: Oh, he was looking for something to buy for her sister's Doll Festival party.
Akito: Doll Festival party?
Toya: A lot happened after that and I ended up being invited as well.
An: Really? At school, he's famous for being some kind of weirdo, but that's pretty nice of him to do for his little sister's party.
Toya: It was.
Toya: By the way... Did you celebrate the Doll Festival with your family too, Azusawa, Shiraishi?
An: Sort of... We has chirashi sushi together if that counts...
Kohane: Oh, same at my house.
Kohane: And we didn't go this year, but we usually go to my grandmother's house to set up our dolls together as a family.
Toya: Tsukasa said he does the same. I guess it really is a big family event.
Kohane: It is! Oh, but my dad sort of likes to take photos more than set up the dolls...
Kohane: He always tries to get me to look towards the camera or pose with dolls a certain way, so it takes a long time to get anything done...
Kohane: And he always gets scolded by my mom and grandmother...
An: Haha! He must really love taking pictures of you, Kohane!
Toya: I have to agree. What about you, Shiraishi?
An: We celebrated too, but we only brought out the emperor and empress. Oh, except that we put them on top of an amp as a little tradition.
Kohane: Wait, on an amp?
An: It's one of my dad's. He has so much equipment lying around the house, it's about the only place they can go.
Akito: And Ken was probably still a part of the scene when he had you too.
Toya: Oh, you're right. But how about you, Akito?
Akito: Me? Uh...
Toya: You have an older sister, so I figured that you celebrate every year as well...
Akito: Yeah, we do. It's a pain getting everything set up, so I don't really have much of an interest in it...
Kohane: But you still get your dolls out and celebrate?
Akito: We do.
Akito: But there was this time my big sister started crying because she thought the dolls were making scary faces or something...
Kohane: I can sort of understand why...
An: Yeah, me too. The fancier ones are even creepier since their eyes are almost too well made, you know?
Akito: I get that. Our dad even modified their eyes a little since she just wouldn't stop crying...
Akito: But he did mumble something about messing with other people's works too...
Toya: He did that just for her?
Akito: You should've seen Ena then. She was so loud and there was no end to it...
Akito: But as a result, our dolls kind of have more aesthetically pleasing faces now, I guess?
Kohane: That's pretty neat! Hehe. I'd like to see them sometime!
An: Me too! Can you take a picture for us, Akito?
Akito: Why? C'mon, don't make me...!
An: Dude, just one picture!
Toya: I always thought that I'd really have nothing to do with the Doll Festival, but it's nice to hear about all your stories...
Kohane: I agree. I want to keep learning more about everyone too, like your families and stuff.
Toya: Families, huh...?
Toya: (Until now, I didn't think anyone would understand, even if I did talk to them about my dad or brothers...)
Toya: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya's Father: I... I can't understand what people see in that sort of music...
Toya: Dad, were you...?
(White cut)
Toya: He did come to see us.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (I've finally been able to convey to him what kind of music I actually like...)
Toya: (So maybe I can talk to everyone a little more about my family now...)
(Black cut)
