216_Toya Aoyagi_R2 As Your Partner (event_21)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Vivid Street]

Toya: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Akito: I convinced myself that in order for us to surpass RAD WEEKEND, I needed to become as good as I possibly could.
Akito: I'm sorry about that. I didn't realize what I was doing...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Toya: (I'm glad that we were able to get through to Akito in the end...)
Toya: (But...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Toya: Akito, we should eat lunch soon...
Akito: ...
Toya: Akito...?
Akito: Huh? Toya...? Sorry, I guess I spaced out...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Toya: (He didn't seem too well when he came to school yesterday either...)
Toya: (I hope he can go back to being his old self soon...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

Toya: Hello.
An's Voice (An): You got so many toppings for your coffee again, Kohane!
Akito's Voice (Akito): Aren't you getting a little carried away with them?
Kohane's Voice (Kohane): Hehe. They all look so yummy, I can't help but try them out.
Toya: (It looks like everyone's already here...)
An's Father: Oh, it's Toya! Welcome! Your usual I'm guessing?
Toya: Yes, please.
Akito: Toya, over here!
Toya: Ah...
Toya: You're here early. And what were you talking about just now? Something interesting?
An: We were talking about coffee toppings. Show him, Kohane.
Kohane: Sure! Today I got whipped cream, chocolate chips and a big helping of caramel sauce!
Toya: You got quite a bit there.
Kohane: Hehe. One just didn't seem like enough, so I ended up getting a few.
Akito: You turned your drink into a high-calorie snack...
An: Hey, no talking about calories and stuff when a girl's enjoying her drink.
Toya: ...
Akito: Hm? What is it?
Toya: Oh, it's nothing.
Toya: (He seems better than he did yesterday.)
An: You've been getting different sets of toppings too, Kohane. How do you decide what you want to get?
Kohane: Um... It sort of has to do with what I'm feeling that day, but also if there's anything I want to try.
Toya: I see. I usually get the same thing every time. I'm not sure that I've gotten anything based on how I feel that day before.
Akito: Plus, you don't really like sweets.
Toya: True. Hm...?
Toya: You got some toppings too, Akito? You hardly ever get any.
Akito: Yeah, just a dollop of cream and some caramel sauce.
Akito: Ken said he'd add them as a freebie, so I said yes.
An: Hmm... I'm sort of starting to get jealous of you coffee types.
Toya: Oh, right... You prefer tea over coffee, right?
An: Yeah. I can't really add any toppings like you guys can.
Toya: Right, cream and caramel sauce wouldn't go very well with tea, would it?
Kohane: That may be true, but at least you get a slice of lemon when you order lemon tea or...
An: That's right! Citrus fruits go great with tea! There's all sorts of fruity teas out there too!
An: There's even Russian tea that has jam in it!
Kohane: Really? I didn't know that!
Akito: Honey with milk tea is good too.
An: Exactly! But not many places actually serve that...
An: Hang on... You're usually never interested in stuff like this, Akito.
Toya: She's right...
Akito: I-I'll join in from time to time...
An: Oh? You're not denying it though...
Akito: Quiet, you. Just leave it...
Toya: ...
Toya: (It looks like he'll be back to his old self soon...)
Akito: And why are you grinning like that, Toya...?
Toya: Oh, it's nothing.
Akito: ...
Akito: Thanks...
Toya: Huh?
Akito: You know, for making you all worry about me and everything...
Toya: Akito...
An: Whoa, hold up! An actual apology...?! What's gotten into you, Akito?
Akito: What? I'm just trying to do the right thing here!
Akito: And we're all finally here, so let's get started with practice.
Kohane: Hehe. I'm glad he feels better now.
An: Yeah. I get that he wanted to beat Arata by himself, but we're gonna do that as a team.
Toya: I'm sorry for dragging you into this too...
An: No, you don't need to apologize. We're a team, right?
Kohane: Yeah! I want us all to work together!
Toya: Me too... Thanks, you two.
Akito's Voice (Akito): Hey, what's the hold up? Let's go already!
Toya: Okay, we'll be right there!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

[Weekend Garage Stage]

Toya & Akito: ♪————!
Kohane & An: ♪——!　♪——!
(Black cut)
Toya: Phew... That should be good for now.
An: Yeah, shall we call it a day for practice?
Akito: Sounds good. Oh, I have to get to work. Later.
Kohane: Great work, everyone! See you tomorrow!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
An: Alright, I think I'll take a break. How about you, Kohane, Toya?
Kohane: I'd like that.
Toya: Sure, a cup of coffee does sound nice...
Kotaro: Hm? You guys...?!
Toya: Mita? It's been a while...
Kotaro: Yeah! I just ran into Akito a second ago too. I didn't realize you were all here.
Toya: Yes, we were borrowing the stage as part of our practice.
Kotaro: You serious? You get to use this place as your own practice studio...? No, that's not why I'm here...!
Kotaro: Akito looked a lot better now than he did before. Like he's back to his usual self, you know?
Toya: Yes, and we're sorry for making you so concerned about him. Everything is alright now.
Kotaro: That's good.
Kotaro: But it's been so long since I last saw Akito with that look on his face.
Toya: I understand. Not since when we just formed BAD DOGS or maybe even when he was doing solo performances...
An: Wait... I knew about Toya and Akito going way back, but you too, Kotaro?
Kotaro: I'm in the same boat as these two. After I saw RAD WEEKEND, I felt like diving right into this world.
Kohane: I see...
An: So what was Akito like back then?
An: It sounded like he was way more of a bad boy based on what you've been telling us.
Toya: I wouldn't go that far, and he didn't have that look when he first invited me to join him either.
Kotaro: Man, you guys aren't showing any mercy at all...
Kotaro: But I guess he really hasn't changed that much since then.
Kotaro: The biggest difference might be how he used to go after guys that made fun of him.
An: Oh, right. A lot more people started becoming performers after RAD WEEKEND happened...
Kotaro: Exactly. Everyone looked up to Ken and his team back then!
An: Hehe. It really wasn't that long ago, but it feels so nostalgic.
An: All those voices, all those songs, all those performances... They were all part of what made it such a legendary night!
Kotaro: But some guys also fought over where to play or what to sing. Then a bunch of new live houses started popping after that.
Kohane: Is that why there are so many live houses on Vivid Street...?
Kotaro: Yeah. But you know what they say, The nail that sticks up gets hammered down.
Kotaro: Older musicians would tease or bully younger musicians, and some just stopped showing up altogether.
An: Right. That does happen...
Kohane: You too, An...?
An: Yeah, I've had to deal with it a few times. They'd crash an event I was in and try to test how good I was.
An: If you do well, they'll help get the crowd going for you and even give some advice on how to get better.
Kohane: That's pretty cool of them to do that.
Kotaro: Most of them are good guys that are just as into music as we are.
Kotaro: But there's always a few bad apples.
Toya: Akito tended to attract the latter type to him...
Kohane: Wait, why...?
Kotaro: Because he told everyone that he'd put on an event that surpasses RAD WEEKEND on his own.
Toya: Mita's right. Most of the older musicians are indeed good people but...
Toya: There's always some that feel the need to bring you down to their level.
Kotaro: But because of his personality, he'd usually end up biting back.
Toya: True.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Akito: Who do they think they are? Making fun of someone's dreams like that.
Akito: Why are you even here if you don't have any hopes or dreams?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Toya: A lot of things made Akito mad back then.
Toya: To be fair, it's not that he wanted to be angry...
Toya: Everybody has dreams that they're aspiring towards, so it's perfectly normal to be furious with someone that tries to take that away from you.
Toya: At the same time, he'd get mad at people who said they'd surpass RAD WEEKEND even though they weren't serious about it.
An: I see...
Kohane: I really does mean that much to him.
Toya: True.
Toya: His dedication is why I chose to join him...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Akito: Just ignore the haters and let them say what they want.
Akito: We'll silence them all someday...
Toya: Right. And we can do that by starting a team together.
Akito: Then it's settled!
Akito: Starting now, we're the BAD DOGS!
Toya: BAD DOGS...?
Akito: Yeah, like a pair of dogs that no one can train or teach anything.
Akito: The way everyone else probably sees it, what we're trying to do is completely nuts.
Akito: We'll show them. They'll know what it feels like when the dogs bite back.
Toya: Wait, is this why you were asking me so many questions about English?
Akito: Yeah, but it also has a different meaning too.
Toya: A different meaning?
Akito: Yeah. BAD DOGS is apparently a slangy way of saying that we're serious business.
Akito: How's that sound?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Toya: (I didn't really think about it because I didn't really understand back then but...)
Toya: (I have to think he chose dogs for our name for another reason...)
Kohane: Aoyagi, is something wrong...?
Toya: No, I was just thinking about how much we'd been through even though it's only been two years.
Toya: I'm sure a lot more will happen in the future as well.
An: Yeah, but we'll be fine.
Kohane: I think so too! As long as we're together, we should be able to overcome anything!
Toya: I agree. I'll be counting on you two when that happens.
Kotaro: And I'm not giving up either!
Toya: We wouldn't expect anything less.
Toya: (We have to keep moving forward if we're actually going to surpass RAD WEEKEND...)
(Black cut)
