227_Toya Aoyagi_R4 A Love Song Dedicated To You (event_24)

Gacha phrase: Please, take my hand...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Wedding Ceremony Hall - Waiting Room]

Toya: Our final rehearsal went pretty well.
Man A: Yeah, that was good! Wanna go take a break now?
Toya: I appreciate the offer, but I'd like to go check on my friend and the dance team first...
Man B: Sure, go for it! We'll see you later!
Toya: Okay.
Toya: Now then...
(Black cut)
Rui: Stand more proudly! Be mindful of how you move your fingers as well! Imagine that each of your fingers has its own personality!
Toya: (Kamishiro's really giving it everything he has. Our entire team's morale seems good too, so we should be able to pull this off.)
Toya: (Now, how's Akito doing...?)
Toya: (Oh, wow... They're not looking bad themselves. I can't really complain...)
Toya: (I'm so glad that I asked Akito to do this...)
(Black cut)
Rui: Very good. The dance team is coming along nicely.
Akito: Well, yeah. I wouldn't be showing you this if we weren't.
Rui: Hehe. Indeed.
Rui: Now, let us get some rest before the...
Hall Staff: Excuse me. The bride said that she'd like to go over things one last time before everything begins. Is there anyone available for that?
Rui: Oh, yes... I'll be right there...!
Akito: Hm? Toya, what's up?
Toya: Oh, hi. My team just decided to take a quick break.
Akito: Then how about we go get some fresh air.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wedding Ceremony Hall]

Toya: This breeze is nice I'm glad it's so sunny out today. It's a perfect day for our little surprise.
Akito: But I'm pretty amazed that we got this much done in this little time.
Akito: I actually regretted saying yes to this when I saw the entire team for the first time.
Akito: Luckily, they're all pretty good at dancing and staying in rhythm, so it turned out to be pretty easy.
Toya: I suspect how Kamishiro decided what we'd all be doing helped make that happen too.
Toya: He even went through the trouble of asking each of us about our individual talents and experience.
Akito: Really? He did that with all of you guys...?
Toya: Yes. I've never done any acting before either, so choosing teams couldn't have been easy. 
Akito: That's got nothing to do with you. He's the one that agreed to take over, so it's all on him.
Toya: Yes, I know. But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Toya: (I think Akito has the wrong idea about Kamishiro...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (He'd understand if he heard what I did back there from Kamishiro...)
Toya: ...
Akito: Toya? Hey, Toya, you there?
Toya: Huh...?
Toya: ...
Toya: You mad or something?
Akito: What...?
Toya: This was originally between me and Tsukasa. I guess I just don't feel that great about roping you into this so suddenly...
Toya: So...
Akito: Is that all...? Dude, stop worrying so much.
Akito: In your case, you're almost too passive, you know?
Toya: But...
Akito: If you need help, just ask, but I'll say no when I want to. It's as simple as that.
Akito: Plus, not all dances or dancers are the same. I think asking for my help was a good call this time around.
Akito: And I have nothing against Kamishiro if that's what you're worried about.
Akito: I knew he was egging me on to join, so it's all good.
Toya: Akito...
Akito: Honestly, I just can't figure out what Kamishiro's thinking...
Akito: But I do know that he's serious about making all these people happy with his show.
Akito: I can't make fun of someone like that.
Toya: Oh...
Toya: (That's right. Akito's just...)
Akito: I feel like I'm being played by him...
Akito: But I said I'll help, so I'm giving it everything I've got. No ifs, ands or buts...
Toya: I see.
Toya: (I think I was the one getting the wrong idea...)
Toya: Akito, let's make sure this surprise succeeds.
Akito: Don't worry, we will!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 1-B]

Toya's Classmate: Hey, Toya. There's something I want to ask you.
Toya: Yes?
Toya's Classmate: This wedding video's been going viral on social media, and I saw two guys that looked exactly like you and Akito in it...
Toya: Yes, that's us. Someone passing by must've taken that video.
Toya's Classmate: You serious?! This is what you guys do for work?!
Toya: No, it's nothing like that. I was there because a friend of mine couldn't make it that day.
Toya's Classmate: Oh, okay... But this was pretty surprising, you know? I mean, look, your dance moves are perfect!
Toya's Classmate: When we're playing soccer during gym and stuff, you hardly ever do anything so I just assumed you weren't that athletic or something.
Toya: Again, it's not quite like that...
Toya: I understand the rules, but really don't know what I should be doing. I end up hesitating a lot because of that...
Toya's Classmate: You don't know what to do?
Toya: Yes. For tennis or volleyball, you just need to send the ball back to your opponent's half of the court.
Toya: But for soccer or basketball, positioning is much more important and how you strategize is completely different, no?
Toya: I'll spend most of my time just trying to think of what to do next, but the match is always over before I realize it.
Toya's Classmate: Hahaha! That's pretty good!
Toya's Classmate: At the same time, that means you really pay close attention to your surroundings and what other people are doing.
Toya's Classmate: So if you can learn about more of the theoretical stuff, I can ask you to help us out too, with Akito...
Toya: Come to think of it, you and Akito went to junior high together, right? Have you been asking him to help with the soccer club since then?
Toya's Classmate: Yeah. Where I'm from, he used to be pretty famous!
Toya's Classmate: He quit playing right after we started junior high and wouldn't talk to me for a while but...
Akito: Hey. What are you guys talking about?
Toya's Classmate: Hey, it's Akito!
Akito: Yeah, it's me. That reminds me, you brought back my textbook, right?
Toya's Classmate: Oh, right! Here you go. Thanks a bunch!
Akito: Yeah, yeah...
Akito: Anyways, what were you talking about?
Toya: The surprise show we did for that wedding we went to. Apparently, people have been posting videos of it online.
Toya's Classmate: And I was saying how surprised I was by Toya's dancing and was wondering if I could ask him to help with the soccer club too.
Akito: Oh, okay...
Akito: He was sort of all over the place at first, but got better fast when he started to get the hang of everything.
Akito: I think he even looked the best because of that metronome inside his head.
Toya: Really?
Toya's Classmate: Yeah, see what I mean?!
Toya: But soccer seems like an entirely different story. Also, I work in the library so I really doubt that I have the time to help...
Toya's Classmate: Dang...
Toya's Classmate: But you like being active and moving around, right? You might not do a whole lot in gym and stuff, but you usually look like you're having fun.
Toya: Having fun, huh...?
Toya: Up until high school, I almost always sat on the bench and just watched. I never thought that I could have fun doing anything athletic like that.
Toya: But you may be right. I think I am having fun...
Toya's Classmate: You think? Dude, it's your life!
Toya's Classmate: Okay, how about this? Let's go somewhere together and have some fun!
Toya: Huh?
Toya's Classmate: You know, that one arcade? The one with all the sports stuff!
Akito: You really like that place, huh? Didn't you go there right before you took the entrance exam for this school?
Toya's Classmate: It has the power to cheer anyone up. I mean, you go to that one cafe all the time.
Akito: That's different. I'm not there to play around.
Toya's Classmate: Alright, alright. So what do you say, Toya?
Toya: ...
Akito: Toya...?
Toya's Classmate: Not really your thing...?
Toya: No, it's not that. You're sure about inviting me along?
Toya's Classmate: Of course. The first time we ever talked was during the School Festival, and I thought you were pretty cool so...
Toya: Really?
Akito: Just accept it...
Toya's Classmate: What he said.
Toya: ...?
Akito: Alright, let's go next weekend or something.
Akito: You've probably never been anywhere like this, right?
Toya: No, I haven't.
Toya: (When is the last time I went anywhere with anyone from school...)
Toya: (I hadn't thought about it since forming BAD DOGS after I met Akito...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
MEIKO: As students, you get to experience so many different things, right?
MEIKO: It all contributes to the ways you express yourselves.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (MEIKO did say that...)
Toya's Classmate: Oh, mind if I invite some other people too? It'd be fun to have enough for a game of futsal!
Toya: Sure, why not?
Toya: And thank you for inviting me. I'll be looking forward to it.
Toya's Classmate: Yeah! This is gonna be awesome!
Akito: Haha! You're like a little kid!
(Black cut)
