297_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Faith In Believing (event_37)

Gacha phrase: Isn't there anything I can do to help?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Vivid Street]

Akito: See you tomorrow.
Toya: It was just one surprise after another today.
Akito: Yeah, it was. I didn't expect to hear that Taiga was back in town.
Toya: Not only is he Ken's partner and one of the key figures behind RAD WEEKEND, he's a world-famous artist now...
Toya: That alone was enough of a surprise.
Toya: But what really took the cake today was...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Taiga: ♪ ————! ————! ♪ ————————!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: His singing was indescribable.
Akito: I bet. The first time I heard him sing, I didn't really know what to do with myself afterward.
Toya: I see.
Toya: (No musical performance has had this much of an impression on me since...)
Toya: (The first time I saw Dad's concert...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya: (He remained completely loyal to the original music. He never once improvised or added anything in.)
Toya: (Some would say that there's no fun in that, but he pulled the entire audience into a whole new world after playing just a few notes.)
Toya: (He's world-class in every sense of the word. From his unyielding obsession to his actual playing ability...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (I always figured that there were others in this world who could match Dad in terms of musical talent...)
Toya: (But to think that one of them would be in this city...)
Akito: Toya? Hey, you there?
Toya: Oh, sorry about that.
Akito: ...
Toya: Akito?
Akito: It's just... You seem pretty calm considering how surprised you said you were.
Toya: I am. I meant every bit of what I said.
Toya: However, I live with a world-class artist, so I may not have quite the same reaction as others when it comes to being starstruck.
Akito: Oh, right. Your dad...
Akito: Yeah, that makes sense... Then, I guess there's nothing to worry about.
Toya: You're worried...?
Akito: Again, it's nothing to worry about.
Akito: Also, it'd be great if Kohane does get to practice with Taiga.
Toya: Yes, it would be...
Toya: (He's worried...?)
Toya: (But it wasn't just today either. Between Kohane's performance at STAY GOLDEN to Taiga suddenly appearing, these past few days have been full of surprises.)
Toya: (I guess he was wondering if it was starting to be too much for me.)
Toya: (But he has seemed more concerned than usual as of late...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya: Is something bothering you, Akito?
Akito: Huh? Uh, no... Let's get started with practice.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (Oh, I know. Before we head over...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (He really is keeping an eye out for everyone...)
Toya: Akito.
Akito: Hm?
Toya: A lot has been happening lately, huh?
Akito: Yeah...
Toya: Is there anything I can do to help?
Akito: Oh...
Akito: Nah, just keep doing what you usually do.
Toya: Okay.
Akito: Wait, just like that...?
Toya: A part of me was expecting that, so I wasn't really taken aback by it.
Toya: (It may be that he won't tell me or can't tell me right now.)
Toya: But feel free to ask for help if you feel you need it.
Akito: Toya...
Akito: Alright, I will if it comes to that.
Toya: Good.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[On a certain holiday]

[Shibuya Park]

Toya: It's very windy today...
Akito: It is, but it shouldn't affect practice too much.
An: Hey, I'm here!
Akito: Hey. Alright, let's start warming up.
Toya: Okay.
Kohane: Huh?! Oh no...!!
Toya: Oh...
Toya: (The wind blew her cap away...!)
An: Akito!
Akito: Got it...!
An: Whoa, nice catch!!
Toya: That was impressive. I couldn't react at all just now. We have soccer to thank for your good reflexes.
Akito: Sure, but I would've been called for a handball there.
Akito: Anyway, here.
Kohane: Thank you so much, Shinonome!
Akito: What are you, a little kid? I've never seen that happen to anyone our age.
An: Hey, that's not fair. You should be blaming the wind instead of her! Just ignore him, Kohane!
Kohane: No, I knew that it'd be windy today and I still decided to wear my cap.
Kohane: I'll make sure to put it on more tightly so it won't blow away again.
Toya: ...
Toya: (Things finally seem like they're getting back to normal...)
An: Is something wrong, Toya?
Toya: No, don't mind me. Let's start warming up.
Kohane & Akito: Okay! Sure.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

An: I'm home...
An's Father: Hm? You guys done with practice already?
Toya: Yes. Oh, can I get my usual?
An's Father: Sure thing. Hold on, no Akito or Kohane today?
An: Akito's got work, and Kohane's doing something with her mom this afternoon.
An's Father: That means you're not doing an event today and are free to help out all day, right?
An: Urgh...
An's Father: Gotcha! Don't worry, I'm far from shorthanded today, so enjoy your day off.
An: Yay! Oh, can you make me a latte?
An's Father: Fine, fine.
An: Also, practice went really well again today. I can't wait for our next event!
Toya: Same. We have a new set list too, so it'll be nice to see what the crowd thinks of it.
An: Yeah, totally! Oh, that reminds me...
Toya: Yes?
An: Were you and Akito talking about something before practice today?
An: You seemed relieved or something, you know...?
Toya: Oh...
An: I had this feeling that something was going on.
Toya: I see. However, you have nothing to worry about.
Toya: For a little while now, I've also been wondering if something was bothering Akito.
Toya: But he hasn't seemed concerned or worried for a few days now, so I figured that he reached a resolution.
An: Really...? So, you know what was bothering him?
Toya: I don't actually know.
An: Wait, what?! You said you were concerned, right?
Toya: Yes.
Toya: But I also suspect that it's something he won't tell me or can't talk about yet, so I decided not to poke or prod.
An: Okay...
An: Um... Sorry...
Toya: For what?
An: Well... I was so focused on what I needed to do during practice that I didn't try and see how you guys were doing.
Toya: Again, you have nothing to worry about. I only came to realize just recently.
An: By the way, how long has Akito been acting this way...?
Toya: I can't say for certain, but likely since STAY GOLDEN...
An: S-Since STAY GOLDEN?!
An: (I had no idea! Does that mean Kohane's performance has been on Akito's mind this whole time?)
An: So, does that mean...?
Toya: I was under the impression that something about Kohane's performance was bothering him, but I was wrong.
An: (Huh? It wasn't that...?)
Toya: He even said that he'd ask for my help if he ever ended up needing it.
Toya: That sort of told me that it wasn't about him, but someone else.
An: Someone else...?
An: *Gasp*
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: Oh geez...
An: (It's me. It's my fault...)
Toya: Is something wrong?
An: No, it's nothing... But for now, sorry!
Toya: ...?
Toya: Anyway, I don't think we have anything to worry about when it comes to Akito.
Toya: Although, he isn't always inclined to tell anyone about whatever it is that's going on.
An: But you saw right through all of that, right, Toya? That's what partners are for! I have a lot to learn from you in that department.
An: But okay... I've had so much just on my own plate lately.
Toya: (Could something be bothering Shiraishi too...?)
An: Thanks, Toya.
Toya: You're welcome?
An: *Nod*
(Black cut)
