341_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Outdoor Cooking! (event_44)

Gacha phrase: Shiraishi, I did it! They're all chopped...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Aboard a train]

Toya: Finally, our last train change...
Akito: Yeah, we should be at our station in about an hour, and a bus will take us the rest of the way.
An: Cool. That means we can chill for a while.
Kohane: Yeah... Oh, I should tell my mom that we managed to catch our connection before I forget...
An: Hehe. That's right. Your mom did seem more worried about us missing a train than going out camping.
An: I love the way she said, This is your first time going to this place, so don't get too absorbed in the scenery.
Kohane: Yeah, she has a habit of saying that because of my dad, so I'm guessing she's worried about me doing the same thing.
Toya: But I understand what she means. Anyone would want to take their time looking around if it's somewhere they've never been before.
Akito: Wait, Toya... Did you tell your dad about us going camping...?
An: Yeah, I mean, wasn't he totally against you dropping everything to go do street music instead?
Akito: But you're here, so that means he must've agreed to let you go.
Toya: Yes, he did. Well, after I detailed everything out in a presentation.
Kohane: Wait, a presentation?
Toya: Yes. It was to show him why exactly I needed to go on this trip.
Toya: I even put together supplementary figures and documents to explain what we'd be doing.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: About two hours in he said, I'm busy with work, so do as you please.
Akito: Two hours...?
An: Sounds like your passionate speech overpowered him.
Kohane: But it's nice to hear that your dad seems to understand, Aoyagi.
Toya: So am I. But there's still a bit of a problem...
Akito: A problem? Did him agreeing to this come with some strings attached?
Toya: No, it has to do with my presentation and how it has a fatal flaw.
Akito: It does?
Toya: Yes. Ultimately, I was able to convince him by using words to explain how important it is for me to go on this trip.
Toya: But that took far too long to actually explain.
Akito: Yeah, two hours is a bit much...
Toya: So if I have to do this again, he could just turn me down by saying, I don't have time right now.
Toya: Which is why I need to think of a quicker and more digestible way to explain things next time.
Kohane: That's amazing. You're already planning that far ahead!
Kohane: But you're really good at explaining stuff, Aoyagi, so I'm sure you'll think of something!
Toya: Thanks, Azusawa.
Akito: It's hard to say when next time is...
Akito: But we'll deal with it then. I'm sure the four of us can come up with something.
Toya: Yes, I'd like that.
(Black cut)
Toya: The scenery's changed quite a bit...
Toya: We've gone from buildings and skyscrapers to a much greener landscape.
Kohane: Hehe. Yeah.
Kohane: Oh, look...! There are cows grazing on that hillside.
An: Hey, you're right! There's so many!
Toya: Are those wild cows...?
Akito: No way, dude. That's gotta be someone's farm, right?
An: Probably. Oh, I see a bunch of rice fields through the windows on the other side!
Kohane: Looks like they've already harvested everything. It feels really somber for some reason.
Kohane: If only we'd come sooner. I'm guessing it was really pretty with all those rice stalks dancing in the wind. 
Toya: Pretty, huh...? I've seen videos of fields like this, but never the real thing...
Kohane: Really...? But rice fields give you some of the best fall photos.
Kohane: You know how rice stalks turn yellow just before they're harvested? They become this beautiful golden color as the sun sets at dusk.
Kohane: And the wind makes them all rustle in a way that sounds like waves are crashing on a beach.
Toya: Like a beach... That really must be something you can only enjoy during the right time of year.
Akito: Come to think of it, my dad told us something similar when we went camping that one time...
An: And it's absolutely gorgeous, right?! It reminds me of when we harvested rice during elementary school.
Toya: Oh, would you guys mind telling me more about your experiences...?
Akito: So we can all get on the same page...?
Toya: Yes, would that be alright?
Kohane: Of course. Actually, I might have some albums and videos still saved on my phone.
Toya: Thanks, Azusawa.
An: And I can tell you more about harvesting rice! Although, it was a long time ago, so I don't exactly remember everything...
Akito: But we have plenty of time until our next stop, so knock yourself out, dude.
Toya: Thank you, Shiraishi, Akito. I really appreciate it.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next morning]

[Campground]

Toya: ...
Toya: (It's a bit chilly, but what a beautiful morning.)
???: <Morning, Toya!>
Toya: That voice...
Toya: Ah, Luka, KAITO. Good morning.
KAITO: <Morning. Did you sleep well?>
Toya: Yes, very. It was morning before I knew it.
Toya: I must've fallen asleep immediately after going in my tent. I was so startled by how I wasn't home when I woke up just now.
Toya: But I suppose that's all a part of experiencing what you don't on a regular basis.
Luka: <Exactly. That's why you should do as much as you can before it's time to go home.>
Toya: Right.
Akito: Hey, Toya, you're up already...? KAITO and Luka are here too?
KAITO: <Morning, Akito. Are you about to start making breakfast?>
Akito: We'll need to do that soon, but I was hoping to wash up first. There's supposed to be a small spring somewhere around here.
Toya: A spring...? I'll go with you.
KAITO: <Oh, if it's safe to drink, it might be good to fetch some for everyone.>
Toya: You can drink spring water?
KAITO: <Yes! I mean, we've been blessed with such a beautiful morning. How does some coffee made with some pure spring water sound?>
Toya: Oh, that does sound nice. Let's do that.
(Black cut)
An: Sorry for the hold-up, you guys!
Kohane: Thanks for getting started with breakfast. Is there anything you'd like us to do?
Akito: Yeah, Toya's chopping up some vegetables. Mind helping him out?
Kohane: Okay! I'll help you, Aoyagi!
Toya: Ah, thank you.
Luka: <Let's see... Bread, ham, cucumbers, lettuce and a can of tuna... I smell some nice breakfast sandwiches coming along!>
Akito: That's right. Something easy that doesn't require us to build a fire.
An: Oh, where'd the margarine go...? We should spread some on the bread.
Toya: We should? But we're not toasting them.
An: Yeah, the veggies are gonna make the bread all soggy without it. The oil in the margarine will help prevent that from happening.
Toya: I see. Would you like me to help with that once I've finished chopping the vegetables? I've never done that before, so I'd like to give it a try...
An: Yeah, go for it!
KAITO: <Haha. Another first?>
Toya: Right.
Toya: (I've learned so much during this trip.)
(Black cut)
An: Alright, let's dig in!
Kohane: Hehe. You put so much on yours, An.
An: Haha. I might've gone a little overboard. My ham looks like it's about to fall out.
Toya: Yours looks very neatly made, Azusawa. The way you've presented it even shows off how colorful it is.
An: Yeah, totally! Yours looks so pro, Kohane.
Kohane: I-It does? I was hoping to brighten it up a little more, but couldn't really find anything that does that...
An: Something brighter...? Oh, I still have some of the oranges that I brought from home. Wanna try using those?
An: Why not try making a fruit sandwich while you're at it?
Akito: How? We don't have any whipped cream.
An: Grr...
Kohane: Hehe.
(Black cut)
Toya: That was nice.
An: Oh, before I forget. You guys wanted to brew some coffee using spring water, right? Here, use this!
Akito: Wait, a camp stove...? You actually brought one?
An: Yeah! I brought it just in case we have trouble building a campfire!
An: But it never really got a chance to do its this thing, so I thought now's its chance...
Akito: Sure, let's give it a shot. It'll save us the trouble of having to deal with a fire.
An: Yay! I brought a dripper too, so just gimme one sec to dig it up!
(Black cut)
An: Hum hum♪
Kohane: Oh, that coffee's starting to smell really nice...
Toya: Yes, it is. Despite having coffee almost every day, it smells much better than usual for some reason...
KAITO: <Aww, I wish I could be there with you all...>
KAITO: <I know! I'll go ask MEIKO to brew up some coffee! Be right back...>
Luka: <Oh, have her make some for me too.>
KAITO: <What? Can't you just ask her yourself, Luka?>
An: Alright, that should be enough for all of us...
An: Oh, that's good, if I do say so myself! Have at it, guys.
Kohane: Thanks, An! Oh, it smells so good...
Toya: Yes, it really does...
KAITO: <Here you are, Luka. One for you and one for me.>
Luka: <Thank you, KAITO!>
KAITO: <Mmm... That hits the spot. Coffee goes so well with the wafting breeze, the chirping birds and all this greenery.>
Luka: <The birds I understand, but we can't actually feel the wind from where we are...>
KAITO: <Can't you see that I was just trying to set the mood, Luka?>
Luka: <Haha. Okay, sorry.>
Toya: (Set the mood...?)
Toya: ...
Toya: (This trip turned out to be such a valuable experience for me...)
Toya: (I'll be sure to thank Mom and Dad for letting me go once I get back.)
(Black cut)
