374_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Turning Excitement Into Words (event_49)

Gacha phrase: Now I see why you're so excited.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Akito: I still can't believe we get to see COL again.
An: Yeah, I can't either. We owe you big, Kohane!
Kohane: I didn't do anything. You should be thanking Taiga for actually getting a hold of the owner.
Toya: But you were the one who asked him about this place. We wouldn't be here if you hadn't.
An: He's right, so thank you, Kohane!
Len: So what's COL like? Is it different from other live houses?
Len: Is it really big or something? There were lots of people there, right?
Toya: I've only heard bits and pieces from Akito...
MEIKO: Why don't you settle down and give them a chance to answer, Len?
An: I mean, we can tell you guys all about it, but it really wasn't that different from any other live house.
Akito: Also, you're gonna get to see it for yourself, so why not just wait instead of inflating your expectations?
Toya: Yes, I agree since you'll be joining us on this little excursion.
Len: Nooo! I won't be able to sleep from all this excitement!
MEIKO: Again, please try to settle down.
Miku (VBS): More importantly, I'd like to learn more about what RAD WEEKEND was really like.
Miku (VBS): The only solid piece of information I have at this point is that the event An's dad put on was unlike anything else.
Toya: What it was really like...?
Toya: I remember asking Akito the same thing when we first formed our team.
Akito: To be fair, it was more like I monologued while you sat there to listen.
Toya: You seemed very eager to tell someone about how great it was.
Akito: Gimme a break... Everyone else I talked to about this would listen but laugh at me once I was done.
Len: If that's the case, Akito, can you tell us what you told Toya?
Akito: Sure, but you'll only get to hear about what happened from my perspective.
An: That's totally fine! I wanna hear too actually!
Kohane: Me too!
Toya: It's been a while, so I'd like to hear it again as well.
Akito: Alright... I'll talk.
Akito: Toya, Len, I've already told you both a little about how I used to play soccer until I was a sixth grader and quit after burning out...
Akito: That was when I was introduced to music.
Akito: My sister took me to the Summer Festival that year to see the show they were putting on, and I was hooked...
An: The Summer Festival? Didn't you and Toya sing there this year?
Akito: Yeah, it was hard to believe that I'd be performing on the stage that I saw all those years ago.
Toya: If I recall correctly, you weren't exactly interested in performing at first.
Akito: It was my sister's idea. She casually suggested I do it in passing.
Akito: But singing without really meaning it isn't my thing. Also, it wouldn't have been good for the event...
Miku (VBS): Hehe. That's so thoughtful of you, Akito.
Toya: Yes, I agree.
Toya: That passion and thoughtfulness of yours may be the reason why you got to go to RAD WEEKEND.
Akito: Call it karma or whatever.
Akito: But I'm really glad I ended up going...
Len: That's great, so what was the show like?!
Akito: Incredible...
Akito: Back then, I had no idea who anyone on stage was since I knew next to nothing about street music.
Akito: But they had me hook, line and sinker from the first song...
Akito: I couldn't take my eyes off them as they threw me into a sea of music.
Akito: I didn't know anyone in the crowd either, but in the heat of the moment, it felt like we were all old friends shouting our lungs out together...
Akito: That was when I knew I was witnessing something special... Something legendary...
An: Yeah, what he said! I was shouting like crazy with everyone else too.
Akito: Once it was all over, I thought, “I wanna do something like this too.”
Akito: I had zero musical knowledge, but I felt compelled to start practicing that day because of how it sent these shockwaves through me.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Like now?
Akito: Huh?
Akito: D-Did I sound that excited?
Toya: More than usual at the very least.
Toya: No, I suppose this could be considered normal since RAD WEEKEND is what's driving you. Plus, you always seem to have fun talking about it.
MEIKO: It just means that much to you, doesn't it?
Akito: Yeah, it does.
Toya: (Until now, all I had to work with was what Akito felt that night...)
Toya: (But actually seeing COL... Seeing where it happened might give me a better insight.)
Toya: ...
Len: Oh...
Len: You feeling it now, Toya?
Toya: Yes, I believe I have a better understanding.
Toya: I'm very much looking forward to visiting COL now.
Len: Haha! You and me both!
Toya: Indeed.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: I'm back!
An's Father: Oh, all four of you are here this time, so I'm guessing you just finished practicing?
Toya: Yes, we appear to be in such good singing shape today that we overdid it slightly and decided to take a break.
An: Which is why I think it's a good opportunity for me to try what Akito usually does by adding honey or whipped cream to my coffee.
Akito: Hey, it's not like I always ask for those things.
An's Father: Oh? Does that mean you don't want either today?
Akito: Uh... I-I'll have both...
Kohane: Honey and whipped cream... I'd like to try that as well.
An's Father: And you, Toya?
Toya: A blend, as usual.
An's Father: You got it.
An's Father: Still, it's pretty remarkable how you're all okay with practicing during a day off like this.
An: Thanks, but that DVD probably has something to do with it, you know?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Nagi: ♪————————!!
(White cut)
Nagi: ♪————————!! ♪————————!!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: Seeing that footage seems to have really brought us together and further strengthened our resolve to surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Akito: As a result, we're more motivated than usual.
An's Father: I see.
An's Father: How about I reward your hard work and resolve with some cookies?
Kohane: Wow, really?
Toya: Thank you.
An's Father: You're welcome. Just promise to get in a good break, alright?
Toya: We will.
Akito: I still can't believe that video actually exists.
An: I know, right?! It's my dad's fault for not telling us sooner.
Toya: To be fair, it's supposed to be a legendary event. I can see why he'd be hesitant about letting anyone see it.
Kohane: Do you think he'd be willing to lend it to us if we asked to see it again?
An: Oh, I already asked him and he said he'd be okay with it!
Toya: He did?
An: Yeah. He even asked Uncle Taiga to hear what he thinks and they both gave us the green light!
Toya: I see...
Toya: (But that means...)
Akito: What's up, Toya...?
Toya: Um, it's just...
Toya: As I just mentioned, this DVD is the sole piece of hard evidence that shows this legendary event took place.
Toya: I can't even begin to imagine how many others would want to see this... And yet, we're able to see it at our own leisure.
Kohane: Oh...
Kohane: There probably are lots of people who want to experience RAD WEEKEND again.
An's Father: Alright, your cookies are ready.
An's Father: Oh, just so we're clear... I ask that you please not tell anyone else about this video.
An's Father: For your eyes only, understand?
Akito: Because it's such a valuable piece of history?
An's Father: Something like that.
An's Father: I'm sure you'll honor our agreement, but again, don't tell anyone else about this, alright?
Akito: We will.
Toya: Just getting to see that video became an invaluable experience for us.
An: Yeah! Doesn't this mean he thinks we're cut out to actually surpass RAD WEEKEND?
Akito: You might be his daughter, but we still got a long way to go...
Akito: Still, I'm glad that we stumbled across this opportunity...
Kohane: Me too!
Toya: But we'll need to keep trying our best to meet these expectations and make our dreams come true!
Kohane, An & Akito: Yeah! Got that right!
(Black cut)
