437_Toya Aoyagi_R3 Your Stomach Doesn't Lie (event_59)

Gacha phrase: I'm hungrier than I expected.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Toya's Room]

Toya: (Okay. We know when and where we'll be performing, as well as who's going to be participating.)
Toya: (There seems to be no problems with our ticket prices, so I should let Azusawa know that she can include that on our flyer now.)
Toya: (That just leaves doing an equipment check. Ultramarine should be able to supply us with most of what we need...)
Toya: (But I won't know for sure until I see what each team's set list entails...)
Toya: (I already have the one for EVER, so that just leaves Mita and Tono...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Arata: If we do plan on changing anything, it should be our song choices or how we bridge between them. For example, what if I switched out my song...?
Akito: Right now?
Arata: Yes. It didn't go very well with Mita's song, so that may've hurt our vibe a little.
Arata: Mita's good at being an MC, so he should interact with the audience as much as possible at the end of his song. I'll try to sing something that goes with that flow.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Toya: (Tono in particular was still adjusting his set list during practice, so he may still be considering other songs.)
Toya: (I should probably contact him to see what's going on.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shibuya Park]

Kohane: Oh, Aoyagi!
Toya: I apologize for pushing back when practice starts because of my own business.
Akito: Don't worry, dude. Anyway, did you manage to take care of that event stuff you were talking about?
Toya: Yes, one thing's been settled.
An: Wait, just one...?
Toya: Azusawa, I have all the information you'll need for the flyer. I've sent it over to your phone, so I hope you get a chance to look at it later.
Kohane: Okay! Thanks, Aoyagi.
Akito: So, what else do you have left to do...?
Toya: Hm? Oh, a list of equipment that we'll need for the day of the event.
Toya: However, I had to stop what I was doing to contact Mita and Tono about their set lists since I've yet to see them.
Akito: What? They haven't sent in their set lists yet?
Kohane: Aoyagi, didn't you set a deadline?
Toya: Yes, it's tomorrow. They still have time, so we should be okay after I check up on them again today.
Akito: Ugh... I'll remind Mita and Tono to give us their set lists if I happen to see them.
Toya: Yes, that would also help.
An: Still, Toya, leaving all the clerical stuff to you was definitely the right call.
Kohane: Yeah, you've been a really big help. Despite it being your first time, you seem to know exactly what to do.
Toya: I have the staff at Ultramarine to thank for that.
Toya: They've been nice enough to show me how this process works and what to look out for beforehand.
Kohane: I didn't know that.
An: Yeah, it's always important to check with someone about that sort of stuff.
An: Take me and my dad for example. He'll say, “Go get some stuff,” and I'll reply, “Okay,” but totally forget to ask what to buy before leaving.
Akito: That just means you're a knucklehead.
Kohane: Hehe. You usually have everything under control, An, so it's kind of cute seeing this side of you.
An: Koohaaaneee! You're the only person who'd ever say something so nice!
Kohane: Wah! Oh, An...
Akito: Anything else that's giving you trouble, Toya...?
Toya: No, I don't think so.
Akito: You sure? We get that you're the one that's best suited for this job, but you don't actually have to do everything all on your own.
Toya: Yes, I understand.
Akito: Alright, if you say so.
Kotaro: Hey, there they are! Over here!
Akito: Hey, it's you...
Kotaro: Huh? Wh-Why are you leering at us like that? Did we do something wrong?
Arata: Oh, is this about our set lists? Aoyagi already let us know about that.
Akito: Yeah. Cough them up already.
Toya: Akito...
An: Haha. What a bad boy.
Kotaro: O-Okay, I get it! I still had to make some adjustments after practice the other day!
Kotaro: But here you go. My set list.
Arata: And this is mine.
Arata: I apologize for cutting it a little close. However, I believe you'll be satisfied with it. I appreciate the extra time you gave me, Aoyagi.
Toya: No, thank you as well. I'll look over it later.
Arata: Hehe. This should keep your partner from biting our heads off.
Akito: Tsk... Anyway, let's start practicing.
Kotaro: Wait you guys are about to practice? Mind if I join?
Akito: Huh?
Kotaro: Wh-Why are you still mad?!
Toya: Akito, that should be enough.
Akito: Alright, fine. Jump in if you want.
Kohane: Tono, would you also like to join us?
An: Yeah! We should sing together since we're all here!
Arata: Okay, I think I'll just have to take you up on that.
Toya: Yes, thank you.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[Miyamasuzaka]

KAITO: <Oh, Toya, I think you just received a message.>
Toya: Thank you, KAITO. I'll take a look.
Akito: You sounded like the notification for a messaging app just now, KAITO.
Len: <Haha. Want me to do it too? I can let you know when you get a message or when it's morning and stuff!>
Akito: Thanks, but I kinda doubt you'll like doing morning calls. We have to wake up at five when we have morning practices.
Len: <What?! That's so early! On second thought, I think I'll pass.>
Toya: Akito, I heard from Azusawa that she's okay with our schedule change for tomorrow's practice.
Toya: Oh, this one's from Shiraishi... She seems okay with it as well.
Akito: Alright, let's start practice earlier than scheduled like we told them.
Toya: Okay.
Len: <Nice! You guys sound totally pumped!>
KAITO: <Yes, they do. Is it because you were with that Tono person and his friend just earlier?>
Akito: Yeah. I really wasn't expecting to meet his partner.
Toya: Me neither. He originally said that he was somewhere far away, so I didn't think we'd ever meet him...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Soma: You're Shinonome and Aoyagi, right? He's told me all about you guys!
Soma: I'm Soma Miyata. This dude's best friend!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Toya: (Does being allowed to transfer hospitals mean his recovery's going well?)
Akito: Hm? What's up?
Toya: Oh, it's just...
Toya: Hearing their story reminded me of just how incredible Tono is. I mean, he's carrying Soma's dream along with his own.
Akito: Yeah...
Akito: I still have trouble figuring out what Tono's thinking...
Akito: But he's trying to surpass that night and no one can match his resolve. It almost hurt to see his determination the first the I met him.
Toya: And that resolve is what allows him to put on such astounding performances.
Len: <That story really made me think after I heard it...>
Len: <I mean, if something happened that kept me from singing with Rin, I'm not sure I could keep going while carrying her thoughts with me.>
Akito: ...
KAITO: <Just thinking about it is tough...>
Len: <Yeah... That's why I think it's incredible how someone can carry their dear friend's dream like that.>
Toya: Yes, I feel the same way...
Toya: Since I... Like Tono, I also received my dream from my “partner”.
Akito: Toya...
KAITO: <I suppose the only one who can carry a partner's dream is that very person's partner, no...?>
KAITO: <However, Toya, you and the others are also chasing after the same dream. Doesn't that put you all in the same boat?>
KAITO: <Which means Tono isn't alone anymore, right?>
Toya: Well...
Toya: Yes, I certainly hope that's true.
Akito: To be fair, we don't know how they feel about that.
Len: <Haha! I'm sure you guys are gonna be fine!>
Len: <They even seemed a little relieved when talking to you guys just now, Akito!>
KAITO: <I agree. I'm looking forward to seeing how your event goes.>
Len: <Wait, we gotta go! We still have our own event to prepare for!>
KAITO: <Oh, you're right. MEIKO and Miku might get mad if we stay away for too long.>
KAITO: <We'll see you later, Toya, Akito!>
Toya: Okay, see you.
Akito: Alright, let's head home and get in some rest before practice tomorrow.
Toya: Yes, let's.
Toya: Akito...
Akito: Hm? Yeah?
Toya: Um...
Toya: Let's make sure our event succeeds.
Akito: We will, dude, so let's go home already.
Toya: Okay.
(Black cut)
