439_Toya Aoyagi_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Having you all here is what makes me happy.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, MEIKO)

[Kamiyama High School - Main Gate]

Toya: Oh... Akito!
Akito: Hey, Toya. Morning.
Toya: Yes, good morning. Sorry, but would you mind coming over to Class B for a bit?
Akito: Hm? You mean your class?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-B]

Toya's Classmate: Morning, Toya... And Akito? Dude, you're in the wrong class.
Akito: No, I'm not. Toya asked me to tag along.
Toya: Perfect. I was just hoping to speak with both of you. It's about these...
Akito: Huh? Cookies?
Toya's Classmate: Hm? They look homemade. Did you bake these, Toya?
Toya: No, my mother did.
Toya: Care to have some? There's no way I can eat all of these on my own.
Toya's Classmate: Yeah, thanks! I'll take one.
Akito: (His mom's homemade cookies?)
Akito: Oh...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Toya: My mother doesn't cook very often, but during special occasions, like my birthday, she'll bake cookies for us.
An: Really? Cookies instead of cake?
Toya: Yes. I don't actually know why, but my father and brothers also just seemed to believe it's what our family does...
Toya: I knew they were only for special occasions, but before I realized it, I was asking her to make them whenever. I just seemed to fall in love with them.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: Right... It's your birthday today.
Toya's Classmate: Wait, really?!
Akito: Also, you sure about sharing these with us? They mean a lot to you, right?
Toya: Yes, it's my birthday present and they mean quite a lot to me.
Toya: But I'd rather not have them all to myself or let them go to waste.
Akito: Got it... In that case, I'll have some.
Tsukasa: Good morning, everyone in 1-B! Is Toya here?
Toya's Classmate: It's them! The Weirdo Wombo Combo!
Akito: Guh...
Rui: Ah, Shinonome, you're here too. That saves us the trouble of finding you.
Toya: Good morning, Tsukasa, Kamishiro.
Tsukasa: Ah, Toya, good morning! And happy birthday!
Toya: You remembered?
Tsukasa: Of course. How long have I known you?
Tsukasa: Anyway, we'll be putting on a special show for you during lunch on the rooftop today!
Toya: ...! You are?
Tsukasa: Yes! Rui and Nene will also be a part of it, so I'm sure you won't be disappointed!
Toya: Yes, I'll be looking forward to it. Thank you both very much, Tsukasa, Kamishiro.
Rui: Hehe. You're very welcome. You're welcome to join us as well, Shinonome.
Tsukasa: Indeed. The more the merrier when it comes to having an audience!
Akito: Right... Well, if Toya's going, then I guess I'll go too...
Rui: Ah, Nene, good morning.
Nene: Guh...
Tsukasa: Oh, there you are! We were just talking about the show we'll be doing during lunch.
Nene: Oh, that...
Toya: I heard that you'll be a part of it as well, Kusanagi. Thank you.
Nene: Oh, um...
Nene: Th-They asked me to be in it, but I'm just gonna be in the chorus for a bit. You really don't have to thank me...
Rui: Hehehe...
Rui: By the way, have any of you seen Mizuki anywhere? If you don't mind, I was hoping to invite them along as well...
Toya: Akiyama?
Akito: There's no way Akiyama's gonna be here this early.
Rui: True. Whatever shall we do...?
Rui: At this point, Aoyagi, you and Mizuki are reasonably well acquainted. Not inviting Mizuki to celebrate with us may come back to haunt me later.
Akito: Oh... Yeah, Akiyama does like these sorts of things.
Toya: Right. During the School Festival, Akiyama seemed to genuinely enjoy the show Tsukasa and his classmates did.
Toya: I doubt Akiyama would want to miss out on a special show like this one.
Akito: Dude, not what I was talking about...
Toya: Kamishiro, I'll try letting Akiyama know about the show. Fortunately, we've swapped contact information before.
Rui: Thank you. I'll send Mizuki an invite to join us for your birthday celebration as well.
Toya: Okay.
Toya: Oh, also. Would you all like some cookies?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School - Rooftop]

Tsukasa: Ah, you're here! Would you mind waiting? We have just a bit more left to set up.
Toya: Yes, of course.
Akito: So, did Akiyama reply back?
Toya: Yes. I received a reply saying that Akiyama should be here in time for the show, so soon...
Mizuki: Heya! I'm here♪
Toya: Ah, speaking of which.
Akito: Yeah.
Mizuki: Thanks for inviting me, Toya! Also, happy birthday! Here's your present!
Mizuki: Ta-daa! A box crammed full of an assortment of cookies♪
Toya: Thank you. I really appreciate it, Akiyama.
Akito: You know what Toya likes?
Mizuki: Ena's the one who actually told me. We were just both talking about taking a quick nap when Toya and Rui sent me their invites.
Mizuki: When I told Ena that it's your birthday today, Toya, she said how Li'l Bro here mentioned something about you liking cookies! I'm glad she was right!
Toya: I see...
Toya: I'd like to repay you for your gift, but this is all I have at the moment. Would you like a cookie?
Mizuki: Huh? These look homemade. Are you sure?
Toya: Yes. My mother made them, but I want to take this opportunity to share them with my friends.
Mizuki: ...
Mizuki: Okay! In that case, I'll gladly have some♪ Wait, where's An? I figured that she'd be here too.
Toya: Oh, we tried inviting her, but she has a hall monitor meeting right now.
Rui: Hehehe. No offense against Shiraishi, but I chose this time because of this tidbit of information.
Akito: Hang on... Does this mean you're gonna do something crazy or dangerous...?
Tsukasa: Alright, we're all set up! Let's get this show on the road!
Tsukasa: Sit back and enjoy, Toya!
Toya: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Kamiyama High School - Rooftop]

Rui: “The traveler that was once so lonely now has many friends and no longer has to feel alone. The end.”
Toya: Tsukasa, Kamishiro and you too, Kusanagi. Thank you for putting on such a wonderful show for us.
Mizuki: Yeah, it was totally clean too. No explosions, weird props or anything like that.
Rui: Oh? This is a school, you know? We're not allowed to use anything that's considered dangerous or unusual.
Nene: I know for a fact that you were going to if I didn't stop you...
Akito: This was much easier to digest compared to that insane rendition of Romeo you guys did that other time.
Toya: Yes, this was a very moving story. It was also fun seeing the traveler's circle of friends grow along the way.
Toya: Tsukasa, thank you for coming up with such a wonderful show for me.
Tsukasa: Anything becomes possible when I put my mind to something! Hah hah hah hah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Miku (VBS): Alright. Ready, everyone?
Everyone: Yeah!
Miku (VBS): Happy birthday, Toya!
Kohane, An & Akito: Happy birthday!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Toya: Thank you all very much.
KAITO: Okay, let's cut the cake. Which part would you like, Toya?
MEIKO: Hehe. Every part should taste the same. I made sure to completely cover it with fruity toppings.
KAITO: I know. I was just trying to create the right mood.
Toya: Oh, this part looks nice. The one with the strawberries and blueberries on top.
KAITO: Okay!
Rin: KAITO, can I have the one next to that?!
Len: Oh, I want the one on the other side!
Luka: I'm fine with whatever as long as I get to have some♪
Miku (VBS): *Sigh* You all realize it's Toya's birthday today, right?
Miku (VBS): Don't forget to have some sandwiches too, Toya. I helped make them.
An: You did, Miku?!
MEIKO: Oh, um... They should be fine. KAITO was there to make them with her.
Miku (VBS): Wait, MEIKO, what do you mean by “fine”?
MEIKO: Huh? Nothing serious. Haha...
Toya: Oh, I almost forgot. I brought something to share with all of you.
Len: Hey, cookies!
Rin: Yay! Thanks, Toya!
Luka: Oh, I'd like some as well♪
Miku (VBS): Huh? There's only three left. What about you guys, Akito?
Akito: I already had some at school.
Kohane: An and I had some when we celebrated at her dad's cafe earlier.
Miku (VBS): Oh, okay. You already had a chance to celebrate. In that case, I think I'll take one.
Toya: That leaves two. Just enough for the both of you, MEIKO, KAITO.
Akito: Wait, hold up...!
Toya: Hm? Is something the matter?
Akito: Toya, have you had any for yourself? You've been handing them out all day, but I don't think I've seen you eat a single one...
An: Haha. Akito, I get that Toya overlooks things sometimes, but that doesn't mean...
Toya: Now that you mention it, I don't think I have...
An: You're kidding, right?!
Len: Oh no! Rin, Luka, stop! Stop! Don't eat those cookies yet!
Rin: A-All good! I haven't touched mine yet!
Luka: Barely safe! I was just about to eat it with some of the cake's whipped cream...
Toya: Oh, on the other hand... I'd like you to all have them.
Toya: It is true that I used to eat these all by myself whenever my mother made them for me...
Toya: But that was because I didn't have any friends to share them with.
Toya: However, things are different now.
Toya: I have so many friends that I don't have enough cookies to go around.
Miku (VBS): Toya...
KAITO: If that's the case, I'll also be taking one!
MEIKO: W-Wait, KAITO! There won't be any left for Toya...
KAITO: Don't worry! Let's see... Right about here and... Crack!
KAITO: Darn... It didn't split in half as nicely as I'd hoped. Anyway, Toya, you can have the bigger piece!
Toya: Oh...
Rin: Yeah! Now you both get to have a piece!
Len: Oh, I wanna try that too!
Luka: Okay♪ If we split the remaining six in half, it'll be enough for three whole pieces!
MEIKO: Right. And Toya gets all the remaining halves, right?
Miku (VBS): Yes. I mean, his mother made these just for him.
Toya: Okay... Thank you all very much.
KAITO: You're very welcome!
Kohane: Thank goodness.
Akito: Geez... You're a smart guy, so don't forget to include yourself when it comes to stuff like this, okay?
Toya: Hehe. My apologies.
An & Kohane: Hehe. Haha.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000080/bg_s000080.webp)
Saki: Happy birthday, Toya! You got to see Tsukasa's show at school today, right?
Saki: Hehe. He practiced it a ton too. He seemed so determined to make sure you really enjoyed it.
Tsukasa: Of course, I did. A star is no star unless they're giving everything they do all that they have!
Tsukasa: It's also wonderful to see how much you've been smiling lately, Toya. I believe it goes without saying that you should take good care of Akito and all your friends.
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Toya! And thanks for inviting me to see that special show. I had loads of fun♪
Rui: You really took us by surprise when you left school right after feeling so satisfied too.
Rui: I'm glad to see that you liked our special show, Aoyagi. It'd be great to have you play a role for us the next time we do something like this.
Nene: Inviting him's fine, but don't make him do anything crazy, okay? It might make the split-personality guy mad.
Nene: But in any case... I'm glad you enjoyed our show and I'm glad I decided to help out.
Kohane: Happy birthday, Aoyagi! The party we had in SEKAI was so much fun!
An: But I got so worried for a second when we realized that there weren't enough cookies to go around.
Akito: At the same time, it was kinda nice. Len and the others seemed to really enjoy it too.
An: Yeah. I guess it just means birthday parties are all about having tons of fun with everyone!
Kohane: I agree! I hope we get to do this every year.
Akito: Same. Don't expect anything less, Toya.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toya: I wasn't expecting such a vibrant birthday celebration...
Toya: Cookies were all that I really used to have to mark this occasion. But now, I have my friends, my seniors from school, as well as Miku and the others.
Toya: I couldn't ask for a better birthday present.
Toya: I hope I get to celebrate my birthday again with everyone like this next year.
(White cut)
