467_Toya Aoyagi_R2 What Happened To What I Felt (event_64)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin)

[Weekend Garage]

Toya: Hello.
An's Father: Oh, hey there. Feel free to sit wherever you like.
Toya: Then, I'll sit at the counter.
An's Father: The usual?
Toya: Please.
An's Father: Coming right up.
Toya: It's strange seeing no other customers here at this time...
An's Father: Well, a lot of events are going on at the same time today.
An's Father: If anything, this is like the calm before the storm. Once they're all done, everyone's going to want to stay out and stampede over.
Toya: ...
Toya: (They have that much energy...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya: I'm not sure if this counts as a hint or clue, but I did notice something...
(White cut)
Toya: I may be mistaken... But something about all the performers' voices felt sad or dispirited for some reason...
Akito: Sad...?
(White cut)
Rin: What? Even though everyone was going totally nuts?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (That time... What was it that I was feeling...?)
Toya: (As Shiraishi said, knowing that Ken and his team would be disbanding may've had a lot to do with it...)
Toya: ...
Toya: (Asking him directly seems a bit...)
An's Father: Hm...?
An's Father: Is there something you'd like to ask me...?
Toya: Huh...?
An's Father: It's written all over your face. Also, here's your coffee.
Toya: Thank you...
Toya: Um... Was it that obvious?
An's Father: More than before.
An's Father: Lately, it's become a little easier to see how you're feeling based on your facial expressions... But of all my regulars, you're still a puzzle to me.
Toya: I'm sorry...
An's Father: Hahaha! Conversely, Akito and Kohane are the easiest to read.
Toya: I understand Azusawa, but I wasn't expecting to hear Akito's name.
Toya: Especially since he usually does his absolute best to bury anything he doesn't want people to know about...
Toya: And it's very difficult to see that when it actually happens.
An's Father: To be fair, I've been alive a bit longer than the rest of you, so I know a thing or two when it comes to that.
Toya: I see...
An's Father: Anyway, what is it that you'd like to ask? It must be bothering you very much based on how anxious you seemed just now.
Toya: Yes, well... I'm not sure if I should ask...
An's Father: Oh...? In that case...
An's Father: I'll be taking care of some business, so you just talk like I'm not here. I might be willing to answer depending on what you say.
Toya: Oh...
Toya: So, I watched the DVD of RAD WEEKEND with everyone the other day...
Toya: And for some reason, I felt this strange sense of sadness in all the performers' voices as they sang...
An's Father: ...
Toya: I don't understand why that thought crossed my mind...
Toya: I'm sorry if this seems inappropriate...
Toya: But I'm struggling to wrap my head around what I felt and why I felt what I did that time...
An's Father: You really are changing little by little, Toya. Of course, for the better...
Toya: Huh?
An's Father: Until just recently, you never actively tried to express or discuss what you were feeling, right?
An's Father: But you're doing your best to blaze your own trail anyway. I'm not even your parent and I feel pretty proud of you.
Toya: Thank you very much...
An's Father: And to answer your question...
An's Father: Everyone's going to think or feel something different when they see an event. Honestly, it's a folly to try to understand what the performers were feeling.
Toya: ...
An's Father: And yet, you clearly felt something even though you're still not entirely used to comprehending such emotions...
An's Father: So, you should remember what you felt.
Toya: ...!
Toya: I will. Thank you, Ken.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shibuya Park]

???: Hey, what did I say about not throwing the ball toward the street...?!
Toya: Hm? That sounds like... Tono?
Arata: Ah, Toya, perfect! Mind picking up that ball there for me?
Arata: I was playing catch with these kids just now, but they aren't very good at throwing the ball and can't seem to get it to go straight.
Boy A: That's not fair. You're a terrible teacher.
Boy B: Yeah, what he said!
Arata: Yes, but... Weren't you the ones who asked me to teach you while I was warming up for singing practice because you thought I was good at baseball?
Toya: I'm still not sure what's going on exactly, but you just need me to toss you this ball, yes...?
Toya: Hmm... How do I actually grip a baseball...? There's also quite a way between us, Tono, so I may need to throw this fairly hard...
Toya: Alright... Tono, here it comes.
Arata: Okay.
Toya: Now...!
Arata: Huh...?
Boy A: Hey, he was supposed to throw it back to us. Why'd he spike it into the ground?
Boy B: No idea.
(Black cut)
Boy A: See you later, noobs!
Boy B: Get better at throwing and teaching for next time, okay?
Arata: *Sigh* I apologize for making you go through that, Toya...
Arata: Also, I didn't realize how unathletic you were...
Toya: Yes, ball sports in particular are my Achilles' heel since I haven't really played any before...
Toya: By the way, Tono, did you know those kids from before?
Arata: No, we met for the first time here just now. I believe they're local residents of Vivid Street.
Toya: I see.
Arata: It's nice that they get to grow up in a place like this...
Arata: From the time they're born, they get to live life while being exposed to all things related to music.
Arata: In that respect, your friend, An, comes to mind.
Toya: Yes, Akito's very envious of her.
Toya: Oh, speaking of which... Do you like this city, Tono?
Arata: Hm?
Toya: So, I've been discussing with Akito and the others about what it means to “take a look at this city”, and we began wondering if those sorts of feelings were related in any way.
Arata: Ah, I see... Do I like this city...?
Arata: I honestly can't say...
Toya: What...?
Arata: So much has happened while I've been here.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arata: Like what I saw that night with Soma.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arata: Or working on my singing every day like there was no tomorrow.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arata: And things that I'd taken for granted but were taken away from me all of the sudden... So much has happened.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toya: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...
Arata: No, if anything, I should be apologizing. I'm sorry about the somber tone.
Arata: But I feel that it was also necessary for me to look back upon the past since this city has so much to do with it.
Arata: Most importantly, I was overseas and not actually here for quite some time.
Toya: To work on your singing, yes?
Arata: Yes. However, there was likely also a part of me that didn't want to be here.
Toya: (If I were in his shoes...)
Toya: (I'm not sure I could keep singing here in this city with Akito absent...)
Toya: And despite all that, Tono, you decided to return.
Arata: Yes. It was also nice to see that not much had changed when I did.
Arata: But...
Arata: I myself had changed a lot...because I needed to... And a part of me was uncomfortable with the fact that not much had changed around here.
Arata: When Taiga told me to “take a look at this city”, it honestly felt like he saw right through that and was telling me to get a grip on reality.
Toya: Really...?
Arata: What about you, Toya? Do you like this city?
Toya: Huh...?
Arata: I opened up quite a bit to you, so would you mind doing the same for me?
Toya: Understood...
Toya: Yes, I like this city.
Toya: It became a place where I could belong when I had nowhere else to go, including my own home. I was even able to meet a partner I could share the same dream with.
Toya: This city and the people I've met here have accepted me when I had nothing because I have one thing in common with them... A love for music.
Toya: Akito and the others even began to accept me as a person as I sang with them.
Toya: So, this city means everything to me.
Arata: I see...
Arata: I think I know what you mean by feeling accepted by others.
Arata: I... We were the same way.
Akito: Hm? Toya? And Tono...? What are you two doing here?
Toya: Oh, I was hoping that we could warm up together since we'd be practicing with everyone later...
Arata: Me too... We've been chatting for quite a while now, so let's get started.
Arata: I'm glad we could talk, Toya.
Toya: No, I should be thanking you.
Akito: What exactly were you two talking about just now...?
Arata: Hehe. Alright, let's start warming up.
Akito: Huh? Hey, don't just ignore me.
Toya: Hehe...
(Black cut)
