477_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Popping Puyos At Lightspeed (event_66)

Gacha phrase: Good game...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Arcade]

Toya: So this is where the gaming tournament's supposed to take place.
Akito: And it's cleaner than I expected. I guess it really is their grand reopening.
Toya: Yes, with quite a selection of machines and new titles.
Akito: Anyway, how do we actually register for this tournament?
Toya: The registration for that should be... Oh, there it is.
Toya: Excuse me. We'd like to register for the “Funtastic Gaming Tournament” that we saw being advertised on this flyer...
Manager: You'd like to enter?! Excellent! Just fill out the parts that say, “Required,” if you will!
Manager: The tournament will be starting soon, so you'll need to be quick!
Akito: Our names, team name, favorite games, list of tournaments we've been in... I'm surprised at how legit this looks...
Akito: Toya, can you handle this?
Toya: Sure, no problem.
(Black cut)
Toya: That should be everything, so now...
Akito: Hm? What's up?
Toya: I'm not sure what to do about our team name. Do you have any good suggestions?
Akito: Oh, right...
Akito: Hmm... Our team name... Why not just “BAD DOGS”?
Toya: It isn't a bad suggestion, but I'd rather not cheapen it by using it here...
Toya: Also, this is a gaming tournament and not a singing event. This doesn't seem like the right time or place for it, so let's think of something else.
Akito: The right time and place, huh...?
Toya: Yes. With that in mind, we should try coming up with a name that suits us.
Akito: In that case, we could try putting our initials together...
Akito: We have S and A... A and T... Take out the duplicate A and go with SAT...?
Toya: Isn't that what the police's special tactical unit's called?
Akito: Oh, yeah... You might be right...
Akito: Hmm... A good team name... Do you have any preferences or suggestions, Toya?
Toya: Well, it'd be nice if it captured who we are...
Akito: Who we are? What do you mean?
Toya: Sorry, I'm not actually too sure myself...
Akito: Okay. Then, let's give it a little more thought and just go with our initial if all else fails...
Toya: (Since the two of us are entering together, it'd be nice to come up with a name that fits us perfectly...)
Toya: (In that respect, drawing upon our real names does seem like a good option...)
Toya: (Our real names...)
Toya: Akito, do you remember when we all came up with a player name for me?
Akito: Oh, you mean when the four of us went to that arcade together?
Toya: Yes. That time, we...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya: This is my first time hearing that you have to come up with a player name for yourself. Despite having been to the arcade many times, I honestly had no idea.
An: It's not really your fault since you almost exclusively play the claw machines.
Kohane: Yeah, claw machines are big and usually right by the entrance, so it's kind of hard to see all the other games that are further in...
Akito: Yeah, it seems pretty natural to not know based on what you usually like to do.
An: At the same time, I still sorta can't believe that you almost put in your real name.
Toya: Right. I'm glad that you were all there to warn me that I should be using a pseudonym instead.
Akito: I mean, if you don't mind or if worst comes to worst, there's nothing wrong with using your real name.
Toya: No, everybody else was using a pseudonym so... When in Rome...
Kohane: Hehe. That's so you, Aoyagi.
An: Isn't it? Also, I think the name we came up with is pretty good.
Toya: Yes. There's a chance that someone else has the same initials as me, so we added the initials for our team name at the end to make...
Toya: ATVBS... Read as “at-bis”.
Akito: It's really just a string of initials.
Toya: But I think it's a cool name. I'd like to wear this name proudly as I play moving forward.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: You all helped come up with a name for me.
Akito: So, you wanna do the same thing for our team name?
Toya: That could work, but I'm thinking that we could use a pair of words this time.
Toya: Aoyagi and Shinonome... A willow and a cloud... Yes, we can be Willow & Cloud.
Akito: Willow & Cloud...?
Akito: Yeah, not bad. It's definitely better than just using our initials.
Toya: Excellent. Then, let's go with this.
Toya: Akito, let's do our absolute best today to win as Willow & Cloud.
Akito: Yeah...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shibuya Park]

Akito: Okay, that should be enough practice for today...
An: Nice work, everyone!
Toya: I feel like we've been on a nice roll lately.
Kohane: Me too! Let's keep this up and get into really good shape going into our next show.
Akito: Sounds good. So, let's meet at the same time tomorrow.
An & Kohane: Okay!
Toya: That reminds me. Shiraishi, Azusawa, there's something I need to give you before you leave.
Toya: Here.
An: Wait, these are VIP passes to the Gaming Expo...!
Kohane: Oh, that's right. You guys said how that gaming tournament was offering these as the prize for winning.
An: Does that mean you guys won?!
Toya: Sadly, no... The manager gave us these as a token of his appreciation.
An: Whoa, really?! That's so generous of him!
Toya: Yes, I agree. He's a very nice person.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Manager: Don't mind me. I'm sure I'll get another chance in the future if I stay in this line of work. More importantly, you helped make this day absolutely unforgettable.
Manager: To see my grandfather's store filled with customers, and to see them all smiling... I never thought such a day would ever come.
Manager: I have all of you to thank for that, so please, take these as a small token of my appreciation.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: But you're so good at video games, Aoyagi. You guys not being able to win must mean that it was a tough tournament.
Toya: Yes, we had some very heated battles and I had a lot of fun playing against Kusanagi and Otori, who won in the end.
Kohane: Wait, Kusanagi and Emu?!
Toya: Yes, that's right. Kusanagi in particular was very good...
Akito: Good? She was way better than that. She was better than your average Joe even for games that she didn't seem all that familiar with.
Kohane: I had no idea that she was so good at video games!
An: By the way, what games did you guys play during this tournament?
Toya: Oh, we played a first-person survival game, a puzzle game and even made Print Stickers.
An: Wait, Print Stickers?! As in the stickers you make by taking pictures of yourself and doodling all over them?
Akito: Yeah... We had to do that for the first round and it made me want to leave afterwards...
Toya: And this was our entry.
An: Let's see...
Akito: Dude...! Why do you have that...?!
Toya: I thought we could talk a little about the tournament while handing over the tickets.
Akito: I thought we agreed to never bring it up again...
Toya: Oh, I'm sorry... I was under the impression that Azusawa and Shiraishi were exempted from that.
Akito: *Sigh* I guess there's no use crying over spilt milk...
An: Hahahaha! Y-You guys even posed!
Akito: Yeah, I can't do this.
Akito: I'll be taking that.
An: Hey, we weren't done looking!
Kohane: Hehe. You two looked so close and like you were really enjoying yourselves.
Akito: Enjoying ourselves...?
An: H-Hehehe... I know this wasn't easy for you, Akito.
Akito: Hey, quit giggling. You think I'm happy about this at all?
An: Don't say that... H-Hehe. Hahaha!
Kohane: A-An...
Akito: Grr... I'm never doing this again...
Toya: What...?
Akito: Huh?
Akito: Hold on... You're not thinking about doing this again, are you?
Toya: I was since it was just the two of us this time around. I thought it'd be good for the four of us to experience it together as a way to get on the same wavelength...
Akito: ...
Kohane: Um, I kind of want to try doing that as well. And like what Aoyagi said, we'd get to share the experience...
An: Yeah, shouldn't you throw your partner a bone if they show interest in doing something?
Akito: Oh...
Toya: ...
Akito: ...
Akito: Fine, if I ever feel like it...
Toya: Great! I really appreciate it, Akito.
An: Anyway, for now, why don't we head over to my place so you guys can show my dad that picture?
Akito: What?! There's no way I'm letting that happen!
Akito: Toya, never ever hand that picture to her again! Got it?!
Toya: Understood. If you're that against it, I'll refrain from doing so.
Akito: Good. Never means never, okay?
An: Aww, that's too bad.
Akito: Don't think that I'm gonna forget about this...
Kohane: Hehe.
(Black cut)
