552_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Christmas At The Aoyagis' (event_79)

Gacha phrase: It's a little early, but merry Christmas.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi)

[Aoyagi Household - Living Room]

Toya: Mom, I'm heading off to practice.
Toya's Mother: Toya, wait. Do you have a moment before you go?
Toya's Mother: Your father will be busy performing during Christmas, so we'll be holding our party early as usual.
Toya's Mother: Which is why I'd like you to come home early that day. Would that be possible?
Toya: Yes, if we have practice that day, I'll ask the others to see if we can end it early or call it off.
Toya's Mother: Wonderful...!
Toya's Mother: Then, I'll ask your father after he gets home about when will be best.
Toya: Okay.
Toya: By the way, will we all be gathering...?
Toya's Mother: Oh, do you mean your brothers? No, they'll be busy with their own concert.
Toya's Mother: They both sounded very sad when I asked them.
Toya: I see...
Toya: (If they did come home, I could tell them all about Dad, Akito and everyone else...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya: I know it may seem it's beneath you. But that's not how I see it.
Toya: This music is as important to me as classical music is to you.
Toya: I've never wanted to hold on to something so much before...
Toya: And I really want you to understand that... Because you're the one who introduced me to the joy of music.
(White cut)
Toya's Father: I... I can't understand what people see in that sort of music...
Toya: That sort of music...?
Toya: Dad, were you...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (He still hasn't fully accepted what I'm doing, but I was able to tell him what I actually want to do with my life...)
Toya: (Which means I should be comfortable with telling my brothers about it.)
Toya: (And I thought I'd get a chance to this Christmas. Unfortunately, it'll have to wait until another time...)
Toya's Mother: While we're on the subject, Toya, is there anything you'd like to eat during our party?
Toya's Mother: I'll be roasting a chicken since your father said he'd like some.
Toya: What I'd like to eat...?
Toya: How about that rice gratin with fish you made during our last Christmas party?
Toya's Mother: Oh, did you like it that much?
Toya: Yes, it was very good and definitely left an impression on me.
Toya's Mother: Hehe. I'm glad I decided to take on that challenge. Hearing such a glowing review means it was worth the effort.
Toya: Challenge...?
Toya's Mother: Yes. I generally avoid intricate dishes since I'm not exactly the best cook out there.
Toya's Mother: But your father said I should do just fine as long as I follow the recipe.
Toya: I didn't realize...
Toya: (Follow the recipe... That sounds like something he'd say.)
Toya's Mother: Also, Mrs. Tenma... Tsukasa's mother sent me a video for reference.
Toya: (She always goes above and beyond for birthday and Christmas parties... But I guess she works very hard behind the scenes.)
Toya: Thank you for always putting in so much effort, Mom. I'll be looking forward to what you make for us this Christmas.
Toya's Mother: Yes, I'll do my best to make sure both you and your father smile.
Toya's Mother: Oh, I'm also thinking about baking some gingerbread cookies.
Toya: Gingerbread cookies?
Toya's Mother: Hehe. You and your father both like cookies, no? 'Tis the season, and it'll be another nice challenge for me.
Toya: Thank you, Mom.
Toya: (The cookies she bakes sometimes get a little burnt, but for some reason, they taste better than any others I've had.)
Toya: (I'm very much looking forward to our party now...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[The day after Christmas]

[Toya's Room]

Toya: That should be everything I need. I should head off to practice now.
Toya: (The Christmas parties here, at Weekend Garage and in SEKAI were all very enjoyable.)
Toya: I've made some wonderful memories, and now I'll need to use the fun I had as fuel for practice...
???: <Hey! Toya! You gotta help...!>
Toya: Hm? That voice...
Toya: Luka, is something wrong?
Luka: <Oh, Toya, thank goodness you heard me! We have a real emergency on our hands!>
Toya: An emergency...?
Luka: <Yes! So...>
Luka: <Christmas ended before I could see any more illuminations!>
Toya: Oh, that's right. I suggested that you look at them as inspiration for decorating MEIKO's place...
Luka: <Yes, exactly! They helped quite a lot, and I enjoyed them very much!>
Luka: <But I only caught glimpses of them since I had to stay hidden. I never got a good look to be honest.>
Toya: I see...
Luka: <So, Toya! Are there any places left where I can still see some?>
Toya: Well...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shibuya Park]

Toya: So... Do any of you know of any places that still have all their lights on display?
Akito: I was wondering what you meant by a “small favor”...
Akito: Wait, that was one of the reasons you came to see me that other time.
Luka: <Yes, it was. So, are there any places that still have their lights up?>
An: Gimme one second. I think...
An: Yeah, I thought so! They're gonna keep the illuminations on Miyamasuzaka up all the way through New Year's!
Luka: <Wonderful♪>
An: Let's tell Kohane when she gets here. They should be on by the time we're done with practice, so we can check them out on our way home.
Akito: Sure, why not?
Luka: <Thank you all so much! Rin and the others have been wanting to see them as well, so I'm sure they'll love to hear the news!>
Toya: In that case, we'll see you later tonight.
Luka: <Okay♪ See you then!>
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

An: We're here!
Kohane: Luka and the others should be able to come out as long as we stick to the shadows.
Akito: Yeah.
Toya: Alright, Luka... Thank you for waiting.
Luka: <Okay♪ Hurry, everyone!>
MEIKO: <Okay, relax. We're right behind you.>
Miku (VBS): <Thank you for agreeing to do this on such short notice.>
Kohane: No, it's our pleasure. We've actually been wanting to see these too.
Rin: <Wow! They're sooo pretty! Even the trees over there are all lit up!>
KAITO: <Yes, they really are! This is so exciting! It's still like it's Christmas!>
Len: <Oh, I wanna see the ones over there! Akito, can you take us over!>
Akito: Sure, but try to keep it down.
Rin, Len & KAITO: <Okay!>
MEIKO: <You too, KAITO...?>
Toya: How about we join them?
An & Kohane: Okay!
Luka: <Thank you for bringing us here, Toya!>
Luka: <These are much more beautiful than what I originally imagined! Honestly, I was stunned! I'm so glad I got to see them!>
Toya: No, this was nothing. Plus...
Toya: I'm glad we're all spending this time together. It'll be another wonderful memory.
Luka: <Yes, it will! Oh, why don't we all take a photo to celebrate?>
Toya: Good idea. Let's do that.
(Black cut)
