598_Toya Aoyagi_R3 Perfect Librarian (event_86)

Gacha phrase: This book...goes here. And this one...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Toya: ...
Toya: Still no...
MEIKO: Toya's been peering at his phone every few seconds for a while now. Is everything okay...?
Miku (VBS): I don't know. Kohane, has he told you anything?
Kohane: Oh, actually...
Akito: Hey.
KAITO: Oh, Akito, perfect timing! We were just talking about Toya's odd behavior.
Akito: Huh? Ohh...
Akito: He might be acting that way because he's been waiting to get this new book by this author he likes until our next event is over.
Luka: A new book...?
Kohane: Yes. It's the newest installation in a popular series by a very famous mystery author.
Kohane: It's apparently been getting good reviews and was even featured on TV this morning.
Akito: Yeah, everyone was raving about it online on the day it released.
Miku (VBS): Okay, but... Why not just get it? Wouldn't it be better for you to just read it?
Toya: If I do, there's a high likelihood of me staying up all night reading it...
Toya: And once I finish it, I'll want to look up theories and reactions online. With that in mind, I can expect to lose several days...
Toya: I wouldn't want it to interfere with practice.
KAITO: I see... As disciplined as ever...
Miku (VBS): You stand to learn a lot from him, KAITO.
KAITO: Me? Haha...
Toya: I even thought about trying to simmer my craving by reading other people's reviews...
Toya: But I ended up refraining from doing so since I may come across some spoilers.
Kohane: And that's why you were peering at your phone just now.
Luka: Oh, Toya! Can you tell us more about this book?
MEIKO: Luka, he's doing his best to not think about it...
Luka: Oh, right... Sorry, Toya.
Toya: No, it's okay. Talking about it may actually help.
Toya: It's the latest installment in a series of mystery novels by an author who's been hailed as a master of misdirection. And this one is supposed to be full of twists once again.
KAITO: Oh, like one of those books where everything is turned upside down during the last ten pages?
Toya: Yes, that's about right.
Toya: While reading, I find great enjoyment in being surprised and seeing how everything is elegantly tied together.
Toya: Also, the protagonist and surrounding characters are usually very intriguing people. I particularly enjoy the banter between the protagonist and his partner.
Toya: (However, in the previous book, he and his partner...)
Toya: Oh...
Akito: Toya...?
Toya: I-It's nothing, but...
Toya: I was just reminded of a fairly significant event that happened during the last book...
Toya: (Why did his partner do that...?)
Toya: (There seemed to be some sort of hint hidden within the conversation they had with that shadowy character, but I'm yet to read a prediction that isn't riddled with holes...)
Akito: Are you sure this isn't having the opposite effect...?
Luka: I'm really sorry, Toya! I shouldn't have asked you about this!
KAITO: Uh, how about...? MEIKO! Why not pour Toya a delicious cup of coffee?
MEIKO: As much as I'd like to, he's already had five...
Miku (VBS): I was wondering why he was drinking so much coffee. This book must've been the reason.
MEIKO: Oh, I know. How does a coffee float sound? That could help take your mind off it.
Toya: Thank you very much... I'll happily accept your offer.
MEIKO: Okay, coming right up.
KAITO: Speaking of which, MEIKO, the way you brew nel drip coffee is always so interesting. It's such a nice twist on more common methods.
Toya: Twist...?
Luka: KAITO! Be careful what you say!
KAITO: Huh?! What did I do?!
Akito: Toya, you're clearly starting to hear things. Why don't you just read that book already...?
Toya: No, our event's just around the corner. I can't let my guard down now...
Toya: Our third event takes absolute priority.
Toya: I'll forget all about this once we start practicing. So, when Shiraishi gets here...
An: Hey! Sorry about the wait!
An: Oh, Toya! It looks like the new mystery novel you were talking about just came out! I saw a bunch of copies in the bookstore on the way home!
An: It sounds really good. They even talked about it on TV earlier!
Kohane: An, wait...!
An: Huh?
Toya: I'm sorry, MEIKO... Can I get a rain check on that coffee float?
Toya: Everyone! Let's practice!
An: Good! That's what I like to hear, Toya!
Akito: Is that really a good thing...?
Kohane: W-Well, if it helps keep his mind off it...
MEIKO: Looks like we all need to avoid talking about that book until their event's over...
Miku (VBS): Or anything that even sounds like it.
Luka & KAITO: Okay.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[Shibuya Park]

An: Nice work, everyone! See you all next time!
Akito: Alright, we finally got to do a debrief for our third event, so let's head over to SEKAI.
An: Yeah. I'm sure Len and the others are dying to hear how it went.
Toya: Sorry, everyone...
Toya: Please go on ahead without me. There's somewhere I'd like to stop by first.
Akito: Where are you...? Ohh... That new book, right?
Kohane: Oh, that's right...! Now that our event's over, you can finally get it.
An: Oh, um... I'm really sorry about what happened the other day, Toya! I didn't know that you were holding off on getting it...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: Oh, Toya! It looks like the new mystery novel you were talking about just came out! I saw a bunch of copies in the bookstore on the way home!
An: It sounds really good. They even talked about it on TV earlier!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: No, that's okay.
Toya: Yes, there were multiple times when I pictured the book on display in a store.
Toya: I even went out of my way to avoid the bookstore you mentioned, Shiraishi, since it's on my way to school.
An: Wow...
Toya: However, I realized that I'd forget about all that whenever we began practicing.
Toya: So, if something like this happens again in the future, I should be able to apply what I learned from this experience.
Kohane: Haha. That's very admirable of you, Aoyagi...
An: I feel really terrible... I think I should go with Toya to ensure that he's able to buy a copy of this book...
Akito: Then, I'll head over to SEKAI first. I'll let Len and Rin know that...
Rin: <Tell Len and me what?>
Akito: Whoa! Don't jump out like that!
Luka: <Don't forget about me♪>
Len: <We figured that your guys' practice would be over right about now, so we came to check!>
Len: <Anyway, what were you talking about just now?>
(Black cut)
Toya: ...which is why I intend to head over to the bookstore first.
Luka: <Oh, you finally get to buy that book! Thank goodness.>
Toya: Yes, I'm thankful as well.
Rin: <The bookstore? That sounds fun! They have music magazines and stuff, right?>
Len: <Mind if we tag along?>
Toya: I don't mind, but you'll have to stay hidden as best you can. Would that be okay with all of you?
Rin, Len & Luka: <Of course!>
Akito: *Sigh* Well, this defeats the purpose of going over to SEKAI...
Kohane: Hehe. We can all visit the bookstore together.
Toya: Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

[Bookstore]

Rin: <Okay, we should be good here. Toya, which book are you after?>
Toya: It should be right by the entrance... Ah, here it is!
An: Thank goodness they have it!
Kohane: But it's been a while now since it released. I'm sort of amazed to see that they still have it on display like this.
Len: <Yeah, they have tons of copies all stacked up!>
Luka: <Let me take a... Oh, look! It's ranked #1 for something!>
Toya: Yes, for new releases.
Toya: To be fair, this author always delivers, so I'm very much looking forward to reading this.
Akito: If you got what you need, take it up to the register. We'll be browsing in the meantime.
Toya: Okay.
(Black cut)
An: Toya, over here! Do you have it?
Toya: Yes, I got it. Hm? Where's Akito...?
Luka: <Rin and Len were badgering him about... Oh, that must be them.>
Len: <Thanks for buying us that magazine, Akito!>
Akito: All good. The CD it comes with caught my interest.
Toya: You also bought something, Akito?
Akito: A magazine, not a book. Anyway, now that we're done here, let's head over to SEKAI.
Toya: Sure.
Rin: <Wait, but... Toya, don't you want to read your new book?>
Luka: <Your wait is over, no? And the others can tell us all about your event.>
Toya: No, I plan to keep the promise I made.
Toya: In any case, I have the book now. I have tomorrow off, so I can just read it at my own leisure then.
Len: <Haha. Oh, Toya, you never change...>
An: Yeah! Anyway, let's go!
Toya & Kohane: Okay. Yeah!
(Black cut)
