653_Toya Aoyagi_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: They're special to me.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 1-B]

Akito: Toya?
Toya: Ah, I'll be right there.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Akito: What should I have today... Have you already decided?
Toya: Yes. I'll be having the lunch set.
Akito: Hm?
Akito: Hey, you're looking awfully cheerful today.
Toya: Hm? I am? I didn't realize.
Toya: Perhaps I'm simply looking forward to going out with everyone tomorrow.
Akito: Going out? It's only an arcade.
Toya: Well, it's special to me since everyone's showing up to celebrate my birthday.
Akito: Alright then.
Akito: Although hearing you say you wanted to celebrate your birthday at an arcade is the last thing I expected from you.
Toya: It's been a while since I've gone to one. What's more, I heard there's a new game at the arcade where we took part in the gaming tournament.
Akito: Really? What sort of game is it?
Toya: I haven't researched much into it, but it's apparently a two-player cooperative game. It also has a four-player mode where you can play in pairs against each other.
Akito: Ah, I guess you wouldn't be able to play a game like that by yourself.
Toya: That's why I was hoping you and the others would go with me tomorrow.
Akito: Well, that's fine by me. By the way, didn't Len and the others say they'd be joining us?
Toya: Indeed. Although tomorrow is not my birthday, they did mention that they would be coming to celebrate with us.
Akito: Sounds like they're more interested in the arcade than celebrating your birthday if you ask me.
Toya: Fine by me. The more, the merrier, after all.
Akito: Ugh. It'll be tough keeping Len and the others under the radar. We better warn them.
Toya: MEIKO and KAITO said they'd be coming too, so I'm sure there's nothing to worry about.
Akito: Knowing MEIKO will be there puts me at ease, but KAITO...?
Akito: Well, whatever. Let's just have lunch.
Toya: Yes, let's.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Arcade]

Len: <Hey! Could that car game over there be the one that Toya said he wants to play?>
Rin: <Uh... He did mention it was some kind of vehicle, but it also sounded like some sort of box... Maybe it's that one at the back?>
KAITO: <No way! It's gotta be that one with all the flashing lights! Right, Toya?>
Toya: Actually, it's the one Rin pointed to.
Rin: <Yay! I got it right!>
MEIKO: <Hey, are you guys even trying to hide?>
KAITO: <Of course we are! Nobody's gonna notice if we just peep out a little like this.>
Miku (VBS): <I guess you're kind of making an effort... Compared to Luka, that is.>
Luka: <Wow! That photo booth was so much fun! Thank you An, Kohane♪>
Kohane: You're most welcome. It was so fun taking such cute photos together.
An: Me too!
Miku (VBS): <Kohane, An, thank you for going in with Rin, Len and even Luka too.>
An: Well, that's because a certain someone was too embarrassed to go in a photo booth.
Len: <Yeah, wonder who that was!>
Akito: Anyway, it's about time we moved on to that game Toya wants to play.
MEIKO: That's right. After all, Toya's birthday is the reason we're here in the first place, so we can't just spend the whole day taking pictures like this.
Toya: I don't mind. Since you came all the way here, I wouldn't want any of you missing out on any other activities you want to try.
KAITO: <Thanks, Toya! You're always so generous.>
Miku (VBS): <Still, let's not get too carried away...>
(Black cut)
Toya: So, this is the game I want to play. It's called Panic 'n Plunder.
Kohane: Look, there are two carts! Although they're a little on the small side.
An: What have we here? It says, “The mine is collapsing! Loot as much treasure as you can and escape with your lives!”
Toya: “Turn the wheel left and right to dodge falling boulders... Hit the Scoop button to pick up fallen treasure. Smack the Jump button to launch your cart over broken tracks. Make sure to work as a team.”
Akito: Hmm... Sounds interesting.
Luka: <Yeah, it really does♪>
KAITO: <For sure. If only we had something like this in SEKAI.>
MEIKO: <I bet you'd all be hooked if—>
Miku (VBS): <Uh-oh, everyone hide!>
Toya: Miku?
???: Just as I thought! If it isn't Toya and the others!
Toya: Hm? Tsukasa?
Akito: Urgh.
Rui: We're here too.
Emu: Yay! It's Kohane and everyone! Good wonderhoy♪
Kohane: Hello!
An: Who'd have thought we'd bump into each other here!
Nene: Y-Yeah...
Toya: Are you all here to try out the new game, too?
Tsukasa: To our surprise, Nene invited us to play it with her!
Nene: I mean, this is a multiplayer game. There is apparently also a single-player mode, but I don't know how I'd feel about that...
Toya: I suppose that's because the developers designed it as a game to enjoy with friends. I'm sure they'd be pleased that we're playing it how they intended.
Nene: T-That's not what I meant...
Rui: By any chance did you have your eyes on this game, too?
Toya: Yes. Since it's my birthday in a few days, I decided to invite some friends here to celebrate.
Rui: Ah, I see.
Rui: In that case, I hope you wouldn't mind us sprucing up the celebration a little more?
Akito: Huh? What the heck are you planning?
Rui: Hehe, well I heard that this game has a 2v2 mode.
Rui: So that means...
Rui: Vivid BAD SQUAD versus Wonderlands×Showtime!
Akito: Huh?!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Arcade]

Rui: Hehe, well I heard that this game has a 2v2 mode.
Rui: So that means...
Rui: Vivid BAD SQUAD versus Wonderlands×Showtime!
Akito: Huh?!
Len's Voice (Len): <That sounds like so much fun!>
Emu: I wanna play too♪
Nene: Huh? Who said that?
Kohane: Oh... Well, we're surrounded by lots of people having fun... What a coincidence, right?
An: Yeah! Anyway, this sounds like a great idea!
Toya: Agreed. In that case, would you all care to join us?
Nene: Of course. As long as I get to play with friends, I'm happy to join in.
Tsukasa: Me too!
Rui: What about you, Shinonome? I understand that your original intention was to celebrate Aoyagi's birthday, right?
Akito: Urgh. Fine. We're winning this, by the way.
Rui: Then it's settled.
(Black cut)
Rui: Alright then! Let the Panic 'n Plunder Showdown featuring Vivid BAD SQUAD versus Wonderlands×Showtime commence!
Emu: Woohoo!
Rui: The rules are simple. We split into teams of two and face off in the 2v2 mode.
Rui: You must win two rounds to claim victory. Otherwise, it's a draw. How does that sound?
Akito: So, what does the winner get?
Tsukasa: Hmm... How about the losers treat the winners to smoothies?
An: Sounds like a plan! There'll be no need to stress since the stakes aren't too high.
Rui: Okay then. Are you ready to start round one?
Nene: Um... G-Good luck.
An: Right back at you!
Rui: Let the Panic 'n Plunder Showdown commence!
Rin's Voice (Rin): <Whisper, whisper, whisper... Is this quiet enough?>
KAITO's Voice (KAITO): <I think so. Good luck, guys!>
Kohane: Whoa! Uh, look out on your right! Oh no! They're coming down on the left too!
An: Man, this is way more intense than I thought! Over there, Kohane! There's loot on the right!
Kohane: I see it! B-But how do you pick up treasure again?!
Akito: There's a button for it, remember? Press Scoop! No, what're you doing?! That's the jump button!
Toya: This is everyone's first time playing. Plus, this isn't the sort of game Azusawa is used to.
Emu: Nene, there's some treasure over there!
Nene: Leave it to me! Oh no, we're gonna get crushed! Go right!
Emu: On it☆
Tsukasa: Oh! Looks like they're off to a great start. Keep it up, you too!
(Black cut)
An: Ahhh, that was so much fun!
Kohane: Yeah, although we did lose...
Emu: But hey, I can't believe you guys managed to find that hidden treasure chest!
Nene: The panic started setting in when I saw your score shoot up like that.
Kohane: W-Well, I noticed the jump button flash even though the track was still intact, so tried pressing it.
Toya: I see. I didn't know about that mechanic...
Miku's Voice (Miku-VBS): <Nice work, you two!>
Luka's Voice (Luka): <Although we could only hear shouting and sound effects, I just know you tried your best♪>
An: Thank you, Miku, Luka!
Tsukasa: Looks like we're up! Just because it's your birthday, it doesn't mean we'll be going easy on you, Toya!
Toya: Okay. I'm ready.
Rin's Voice (Rin): <Akito! Toya! You got this!>
Akito: We're going to win this.
Emu: Ahem! It's time for round two... Begin♪
Akito: Leave the jumping to me. Toya, you scoop up the treasure.
Toya: Got it.
An: Oh, looks like they've decided on their roles! Whoa, the track splits off!
Tsukasa: What's happening?! This wasn't in the last game!
Nene: Oh, the course is randomized for each game. The guide mentions it in small print.
Akito: Trust the important stuff to always be in the fine print! Toya, mind if we go right?
Toya: Good idea. There seems to be more treasure that way.
Rui: The route on the right seems to be the most ideal for us, too.
Tsukasa: Let's do this!
Kohane: Wow! They're evenly matched, don't you think?
Nene: Yeah, both teams are quick to react. Looks like it'll be a close match.
Rui: Oh, looks like the track splits off into three up ahead. Now, which one should we take...
Tsukasa: Look, there's an arrow pointing right on the wall! It's got to be that way!
Rui: Ah. Tsukasa, wait—
Toya: Akito, it's the opposite way. Let's go left!
Akito: Huh?! A-Alright!
(Black cut)
Emu: And the winner of round two is... Akito and Toya!
Tsukasa: Grgh! To think that the second split in the tracks held a clue to the final fork!
Toya: It appeared only briefly after we scooped up the treasure, so it's understandable that you missed it.
Rui: I see. That arrow was just a touch too prominent, so I did have my doubts...
Akito: And you fell into that simple trap.
Tsukasa: If I recall, it also had you fooled until Toya told you otherwise!
Kohane, An, Emu & Nene: Hehe. Haha!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Toya: I must say, I did not anticipate that we would be facing off against Tsukasa and the others today.
Kohane: Hehe. And it turned out to be a lot of fun!
Toya: Yes. What a wonderful celebration it turned out to be.
Akito: Good to hear.
Miku (VBS): <I'm glad we were able to witness that intense showdown, too!>
KAITO: <You'll stop by SEKAI later, right? I want to hear how the games went!>
MEIKO: <Hehe. Your usual coffee will be waiting for you.>
Toya: Thank you. See you then.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000196/bg_s000196.webp)
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Toya! Ena and I made a flip book animation about Vivid BAD SQUAD for you♪
Ena: Well, it's only a cartoon of you singing together, but I made you all look cute, so I hope you like it.
Mizuki: I'll compile it into a video and send it to you later. Enjoy!
Saki: Toya! Happy birthday! I heard that you battled it out against Tsukasa and his friends in the arcade. I wanna try out that game too♪
Tsukasa: There is a single-player mode too, so we can still go as a group of three.
Emu: Yeah! And I'll be the cheerleader☆ Go, go Saki, go, go, go♪ C'mon! You got this, Toya♪
Nene: Hehe. Although we never planned to bump into you, I'm glad that we also got to be part of your birthday celebration.
Rui: That's right, Aoyagi. All that matters is that you managed to make some lasting memories. I hope you had a delightful birthday.
Kohane: Aoyagi, I know I said it already, but happy birthday!
An: Happy birthday! And now, for a final word from your partner! C'mere, Akito!
Akito: Huh? Well, I'm not gonna go overboard and invite you to celebrate even more...
Akito: But happy birthday, Toya. You always have been and always will be the best partner I could've ever asked for. Thanks.
An: Oooh, look at you blushing after saying such kind words!
Akito: That's what happens when you put someone on the spot like that...
Kohane: Hehe. Let's keep doing our best together!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toya: Thank you all for celebrating my birthday today.
Toya: To be blessed with so many friends who would celebrate with me makes me happy, albeit a little embarrassed.
Toya: I promise to move forward diligently, and put everything I have into singing.
Toya: So, I hope you will continue to show me your support. Until next time.
(White cut)
