696_Toya Aoyagi_R4 It's Been A While (event_103)

Gacha phrase: I'm sorry we're late.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

Toya: Weekend Garage is really closing down...?
Akito: It's great that Ken's going to start watching our practices, but that news was pretty sad to hear...
Toya: It was...
An: ...
An: Dad, lemme help.
Kohane: Oh, I'd like to help as well!
Toya: We'd also like to help.
An's Father: Hm...? I should be telling you all to head back to your respective schools...
An's Father: But I guess you won't make it back in time for classes. So, fine. Stay if you like...
An: Woohoo!
Akito: Thank you very much.
An: You were just putting away the cups, right, Dad? Why don't we do the rest of the plates and stuff for him?
Kohane, Akito & Toya: Okay! Yeah. Sounds good.
(Black cut)
Toya: Shiraishi, about the plates. Do you need us to sort each set into individual boxes?
An: Hmm... A box for each one seems a bit excessive. I say just sort and load them up as best you can.
(Black cut)
Kohane: Oh, wait... The saucers should go with the cups, huh?
Akito: Yeah. Ken's putting away the cups now, so we should probably take these over to him before he seals up the boxes.
Kohane: Okay!
(Black cut)
An: Hey, check it out! This knife's super shiny now!
An's Father: Okay, we see. Please stop waving it around like that.
An: I wasn't waving it around. Gimme a little credit for giving it a good polish.
Kohane: Hehe. Then, why don't we start polishing the spoons next? Those should be much safer to handle.
Toya: Speaking of spoons, I remember wondering why I appeared upside down in them when I was little.
Akito: Really? I never cared about that. I was always more interested in the food in front of me.
An: Me too! Eating was always way more important.
Toya: That sounds like you two.
Kohane: It does.
(Black cut)
An's Father: Okay, the tableware's just about all put away. Thank you all for lending me a hand with that.
Toya: No, it was our pleasure since you and your establishment have given us so much.
Toya: I still remember the first time I came here like it was yesterday.
Akito: That reminds me, you seemed pretty nervous that time.
Toya: I was.
Toya: Chiefly because you said that Ken had been a professional artist until just recently, Akito. I assumed he'd be similar to my dad.
Akito: What?
An's Father: Hahaha! In a way, I'm honored.
Kohane: Coming here opened my eyes to a genre of music I never knew about, and I got to meet all of you here.
An: Yeah. This is even where we formed our team and decided on our name.
Akito: We also spent a ton of time here for practice and stuff.
Toya: Yes. This place has been one of our main bases of operation.
Toya: It's unfortunate that I won't get to have your coffee for a while, Ken...
An's Father: If coffee is what you want, I can brew some up for you right now.
Toya: Wait, really?
An's Father: Sure, it'll be on me. The last cup before I close up here.
Toya: Thank you very much!
An's Father: Alright then, could you clear off that table?
Toya: Of course!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Toya: Hello.
MEIKO: Oh, Toya, welcome.
Rin: Is it just you today?
Toya: Yes, I was hoping to have some coffee.
Toya: Would you mind making my usual, MEIKO?
MEIKO: My house blend? Coming right up.
KAITO: Toya, come sit and chat with us.
Toya: Are you sure? Well, if none of you mind...
Luka: We just heard from Rin and MEIKO that An's dad is going to start watching you and your team practice.
Toya: Yes, and he's going so far as to temporarily close his own shop to do so.
KAITO: I see. You must be a little sad that you won't be able to have his coffee for a while, no?
Toya: I am. Fortunately, I can still come here to have MEIKO's coffee.
MEIKO: Oh, that's so kind of you to say. Also, here's your coffee.
Toya: Thank you very much.
MEIKO: I'm sure your practices are going to be very demanding, so please feel free to stop by and take a break anytime.
Toya: Thank you, we will.
Rin: Oh, that reminds me... Are your friends all coming back?
Toya: No, we haven't made any progress on that front...
Rin: Okay...
KAITO: Their lack of skill and commitment were made plainly clear. It may take them quite a while to get back on their feet, and the right trigger too.
Toya: It may...
Toya: I've been there before, so I understand that they won't immediately be willing to come back...
Luka: ...
Luka: Um, Toya...? Would you mind telling me a little more about what you experienced...?
Toya: What...?
Luka: It's just... I was the last one to arrive here, so I still don't know as much about you and the others as I'd like...
Luka: That's why I'd really like it if you could tell me more about yourself. Please...?
Toya: Thank you, Luka. I'd be happy to tell you more about my past.
Luka: Really? You don't have to if you don't want to.
Toya: I don't mind. It's all ancient history at this point.
Toya: I'm sure Rin and MEIKO are already aware, but my dad started teaching me how to play the piano and violin when I was very little.
Toya: Outside of school, I had to spend all of my time practicing. I wasn't really permitted to play with my friends.
Toya: His practices were hard, but I admired the way he played the piano. I dreamt of being able to perform like him someday.
Toya: However...
Toya: When I heard one of his performances in person, I was absolutely staggered.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Past Toya (Toya): ...
Toya: I'd played that song for a contest once...
Toya: But my performance paled in comparison to his. Each note he played was brimming with energy.
Toya: That was probably the moment I saw how incredible the person I admired as a child really is.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: I continued practicing to meet my parents' expectations...
Toya: But I slowly began losing motivation.
Luka: Toya...
Toya: Before I knew it, I'd begun disliking classical music and distancing myself from my dad.
Luka: I see...
Toya: However, I've since returned to liking classical music and enjoying his piano performances.
Toya: I even told him the other day about how Ken is going to watch us practice.
Toya: I asked him for permission to start coming home later because we want to practice more and make our dream a reality.
Luka: Y-You did?! What did he say?
Toya: He said he wasn't sure if I should be spending what precious time I have in life on this dream.
Toya: And that I need to prove that my dream is worth it if I'm going to call myself a musician.
Luka: Whoa! Talk about tough love!
KAITO: But that essentially means he's okay with you investing more time into practicing, right?
Rin: Oh, right!
Toya: I don't know how things will go for us, but I was so glad to get the sense that he at least partially understands how serious I am.
MEIKO: That's wonderful, Toya.
Luka: Yes, it is♪
Luka: Thank you for telling me all this! I promise to keep giving you all the support I can, so feel free to ask if you ever think you need help!
Toya: Yes, thank you.
(Black cut)
