735_Toya Aoyagi_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[The day of the opening ceremony]

[Kamiyama High School]

Male Student A: Which class are you in? I'm in Class C!
Male Student B: I'm in A. Do you know anyone in your new class? I don't know anyone at all.
Female Student A: Hey, we're in the same class! We'll get to talk so much!
Female Student B: Haha! Even when we were in different classes, we still ended up talking a ton.
Toya: (Everyone seems very excited about their new classes.)
Toya: (As for me...)
???: Toya!
Toya: Hm?
Mizuki: Morning! Starting today, we're second-years.
Toya: Good morning, Akiyama. I'm looking forward to being in Class B with you.
Mizuki: Oh, you already know that we're in the same class?
Mizuki: Though, I guess that makes sense since our names are pretty close alphabetically...
Toya: The corridor's getting very crowded, so why don't we move into the classroom and keep talking there?
Mizuki: Yeah, good point. Let's go♪
(Background change)
Mizuki: Oh, cool! It makes sense when I think about it, but our seats are super close!
Toya: I hope I don't end up blocking your view of the blackboard.
Mizuki: Nah, I should be fine. Also, I won't have to look at the blackboard much as long as I've got my textbooks handy♪
Toya: Okay, but I don't recommend telling any of the teachers that...
Mizuki: Haha. Unfortunately for them, that's just the way I am.
Mizuki: But they should be proud of the fact that I'm here for the opening ceremony.
Toya: True. I'm certainly glad you're here.
Toya: Shiraishi seemed particularly excited about you and her becoming second-years. I'm sure she'll be by to see you soon.
Mizuki: Oh...
Mizuki: Yeah, I wanna see An too. And Li'l Bro♪
Toya: Still, there are so many people out in the corridor. Why don't they go to their respective classrooms...?
Mizuki: Because finding out which class you're in is a huge event for everyone. It's always fun to talk with others about who's in which one.
Mizuki: Also... A few people might not want to go immediately because no one they know is in their new class...
Mizuki: I feel it's pretty common for them to look for classmates that are in the same situation as them and go in after they've had a chance to break the ice.
Toya: I see...
Mizuki: Do you not pay much attention to who's been placed in which class or who your new classmates are, Toya?
Mizuki: I usually don't myself. My name's pretty easy to find since it's usually towards the top. After that, I'll head off.
Toya: I was the same until just recently...
Toya: (Looking always seemed like a waste of time since I never had any time to make new friends.)
Toya: But now, I try to look for the names of people I know before heading over to my own classroom.
Toya: Speaking of which, I believe Akito and Shiraishi are both in Class A...
Mizuki: Wait, really?!
Toya: Yes. Kusanagi was as well.
Mizuki: Whoa...! Just based on their personalities, that's a really interesting combination!
Mizuki: Oh, but that's too bad... You and Li'l Bro are in different classes again.
Toya: That's not really a problem.
Toya: We were attending different junior high schools when we first met, so being in different classes isn't really an issue at this point.
Mizuki: Interesting.
Mizuki: That's kinda nice. I guess that's what a bond between partners is?
Toya: I suppose so.
Toya: Still, regardless of whether or not we're placed in the same class, nothing's going to change between us. That I know for certain.
Mizuki: Yeah. That's pretty cool.
Toya: It's important to me that certain relationships remain constant, but I'm also looking forward to new ones.
Mizuki: New ones?
Toya: Like making new friends.
Toya: We're all classmates now, so I'd like to start talking to people I haven't really interacted with before.
Toya: I'd also like to talk to you more, Akiyama, if you don't mind.
Mizuki: Haha! That's fine by me, but don't expect me to always be at school♪
Toya: I know. But I'm looking forward to getting to know you better.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi)

[Kamiyama High School - Empty Classroom]

Toya: (Today's library committee meeting should be taking place here.)
Third-Year A: Oh, Aoyagi! Are you gonna be on the library committee again this year?
Toya: Yes, since I love books and enjoyed everything last year. I'm also glad to see you back again.
Third-Year A: Haha. Likewise.
Third-Year A: I'll be counting on you, Aoyagi. You're a veteran now, so I hope you'll be willing to help the first-years and newcomers however you can.
Toya: I will. Again, I'm glad to be back.
Third-Year A: *Nod* Let's do our best.
Toya: (In addition to us, I'm seeing a few other returning members here...)
Toya: (Many of them may've chosen this committee because they too have a love of books.)
Toya: Hm...?
Toya: Isn't that...?
(Background change)
Nene: What do I do...? I just took a peek inside, but I didn't see anyone I know...
Nene: *Sigh*
Nene: I thought I'd get to learn about a lot of good books and stuff from this committee, but...
Nene: No, stop... You shouldn't be afraid of meeting new people!
Nene: So...!
Nene: Huh...?
Nene: What?! H-How long have you been standing there...?!
Toya: I heard something regarding learning about a lot of good books and such.
Nene: S-So, you heard everything...?!
Toya: I'm sorry... I wasn't sure when to interrupt to say hello.
Nene: P-Please forget everything you just heard...!
Toya: That's not a problem.
Toya: But if it's the library committee you're looking for, you're in the right spot.
Nene: Huh...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Empty Classroom)
Nene: Wait, come to think of it, why is this committee meeting here instead of the library...?
Toya: Because it's against the rules to talk there. As such, it's common for us to meet in empty classrooms or preparation rooms.
Nene: I see...
Toya: Everyone, may I have your attention?
Third-Year A: Ah, Aoyagi!
Third-Year B: We were just talking about you. Thank you for choosing to be on the library committee again. We'll be counting on you quite a lot.
Toya: Thank you for having me.
Toya: A friend of mine decided to join this committee, so I'd like to take a minute to introduce her to all of you before the meeting, if you don't mind.
Third-Year B: Of course. Is that her behind you?
Nene: Oh...
Nene: M-My name is Nene Kusanagi! I'm in Class 2-A! It's nice to meet you all!
Third-Year B: It's nice to meet you too... Wait, huh? You seem really familiar for some reason...
Third-Year A: Yeah, I've heard your name before somewhere too...
Toya: Maybe from Tsukasa. You're both in the same class, yes?
Third-Year A: Oh, I remember now! You and Tenma do shows together.
Nene: Y-Yes, we do.
Third-Year B: That's it! You're the Cowardly Canary from “The Happy Phoenix”!
Nene: What?! You saw us perform?
Third-Year B: I did! I've been going around seeing a bunch of shows after getting hooked on musicals a little while ago!
Third-Year B: But “The Happy Phoenix” was the first one that made me cry like a baby. You guys did such an amazing job.
Nene: Thank you very much...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Toya: You made it through that meeting.
Nene: *Sigh* Yeah... I was so nervous...
Nene: Um, Aoyagi...?
Toya: Hm?
Nene: Umm... Thanks for introducing me to all the seniors...
Toya: No, it was my pleasure. One of them had just asked me to help out the newcomers in any way I could.
Toya: Plus, they seem to already know who you are, so I'm sure you'll have plenty to talk about with them.
Nene: Okay...
Nene: Umm... Again, thank you for everything you did. I promise to return the favor when I can.
Toya: It was nothing, really...
Toya: But okay. I'll be looking forward to that day.
(Black cut)
