800_Toya Aoyagi_R2 To The Costuming Team! (event_114)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B]

Female Students: Alright, our class will be doing an interpretive dance!
Female Students: So, let's start forming teams to come up with the costumes and choreography!
Female Students: Please come to the front if you're interested in doing either!
Toya: (Choreography...? I have a little bit of experience doing that...)
Toya: (But...)
Mizuki: Hey, Toya! Wanna try designing the costumes together?
Toya: The costumes...?
Mizuki: Yeah! I've got a feeling it'll be really fun if we work on them together! What do you say?
Toya: Yes, actually... I was just debating going up.
Mizuki: Oh, really?!
Toya: Yes, I was wondering if I should take this opportunity to try something new...
Toya: At the same time, would it be okay for a novice like me to join...?
Mizuki: Hmm, it should be fine. I don't think we'll be making anything too elaborate...
Mizuki: And don't worry! I can teach you whatever if you need help!
Toya: Thank you... Then, I think I'll go join.
Mizuki: Awesome! I'm really looking forward to tomorrow now!
Toya: Me too. Again, thank you.
(Black cut)

[A few days later]

Toya: (Be careful when you pass the needle through the back. Watch where your fingers are...)
Mizuki: Oh, Toya, you're really getting the hang of this! The fabric's right where it needs to be! Nice work!
Toya: I'm doing a good job...?
Mizuki: Yeah! It looks like you've mastered what I taught you!
Mizuki: The only other thing you might wanna keep an eye on is your thread knots! Every once in a while, you make one that's floating away from the fabric a little bit.
Mizuki: The trick is to hold the needle as close to the seam as you possibly can when you're wrapping the thread around it!
Mizuki: Use your nail to press against the wrapped thread and slowly pull the needle out! By doing that, you'll make sure the thread stays taut.
Toya: I see... Thank you, Akiyama. I'll try doing that.
Toya: Also, you're already done making your costumes? That's incredible. I'm only about a third done with mine...
Mizuki: Heehee! This is my hobby after all.
Toya: I won't be able to work as quickly as you, but it would be nice to learn how to make these a little faster.
Mizuki: Don't worry about any of that! Slow and steady wins the race, right? None of us wanna see you getting hurt, and it'll make the costumes better too.
Mizuki: Honestly, you're doing a great job. Your stitching's gorgeous and so evenly spaced, don't you think?
Mizuki: That's really important when it comes to sewing!
Toya: Is it...?
Mizuki: Yeah! The end product looks so much better that way. You get my seal of approval, so you should be proud!
Female Students: Wait, Aoyagi, you made this?!
Female Students: The stitching's immaculate! How did you do this?
Toya: How...?
Toya: I don't know... But I was told to keep the spacing even, so I was very careful to do so.
Male Students: And you were able to make this?! Just how careful were you being...?
Mizuki: But that's really important! It's easy to start cutting corners once you've got the hang of things.
Female Students: Then, you should take a look at this. I was doing slip stitches and... I mean, how bad is this?
Mizuki: Haha. You can see the thread plain as day!
Female Students: I know. Aoyagi, can you teach me how to do this?!
Toya: Wait, I only just learned this myself...
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Female Students: Alright, let's stop here! Nice work today, everyone!
Toya: Phew... Akiyama, everyone, thank you for being such good teachers.
Toya: I really wasn't sure how I'd do at first... But it was quite fun once I got going.
Mizuki: Really? That's great to hear! I'm so glad you're saying that!
Mizuki: You're such a quick study, Toya! I think you have a talent for this! I mean, you were doing everything all by yourself without any help towards the end.
Female Students: Yeah, you're so diligent and committed! I'm so glad you decided to help with the costumes, Aoyagi!
Toya: Everyone...
Toya: (I was worried that I was going to be a burden to everyone because I wasn't familiar with sewing techniques...)
Toya: (But I'm glad that I've been able to make real contributions.)
Toya: Thank you all very much... I see that sewing is fun now because of all of you.
Mizuki: Hehe. You're welcome!
Mizuki: But it's too soon to be patting yourself on the back! We've still got a ton of work left to do...!
Mizuki: Things are only gonna get harder, so we gotta stay focused! So, next time, let's try using some sewing machines!
Toya: Sewing machines...? Okay, I'll make sure that I'm ready.
Mizuki: Good! Let's make the most spectacular costumes we can!
Toya: Yes!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi)

[Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School]

Toya: Phew...
Toya: (Things were so busy at reception today. More books than usual did get returned...)
Nene: Oh, Aoyagi.
Nene: Did your shift at the library just end? You're always hard at work.
Toya: Yes, and thank you...
Nene: You look pretty tired... Was it really busy today or something?
Toya: Yes, we had quite a few visitors today. I suppose now that the arts festival is over, everybody's coming back to return the books they'd borrowed.
Toya: Fortunately, we were able to work as a team and get every one back to its shelf.
Toya: All those books coming back is proof that every class was doing what they could for the arts festival...
Nene: Yeah... Every presentation was really polished, so I guess that checks out.
Nene: That includes your class's interpretive dance, Aoyagi.
Nene: I really liked the part when you guys all stopped on a dime at the same time. Also, congratulations on your podium finish.
Toya: Yes, thank you. I'm also glad that we were able to produce such good results.
Toya: Not only that, this festival ended up being a good experience for me.
Nene: Huh?
Toya: I helped make the costumes, but I really wasn't sure if I'd be able to at first since I didn't know anything about sewing.
Toya: But I was able to contribute to the team because everyone else was nice enough to teach me how.
Toya: Even for our dance, we were initially all over the place and struggled to make it to the end of our routine.
Toya: But after many conversations and a lot of practice, we slowly figured out how to move as a single unit.
Nene: Aoyagi...
Toya: Again, I'm happy that my class was able to achieve some good results for this festival.
Toya: But I'm even happier about how we were able to work together to create something for everyone in the school to see...
Toya: Yes, learning to do something new wasn't easy, but both sewing and our dance made for very valuable experiences.
Nene: You're so honest, Aoyagi...
Toya: I am?
Nene: Yeah. But I also went through a similar experience...
Nene: I wasn't sure what was gonna happen after everyone asked me to be the director...
Nene: But I'm really glad they did... Directing our film ended up being a great experience.
Toya: I see...
Toya: It's nice to hear that we were both able to gain something from this. Also, I forgot to congratulate you on winning the judge's prize...
Toya: Your class's film was very good.
Nene: You think so? That's great to hear.
Toya: First of all, the stunts felt so dynamic because of the camera work. I couldn't help but feel drawn into the action.
Toya: I don't really know much about movies, but I'm guessing there were a few clever tricks involved...
Toya: As for the screenplay, although I was startled by the peculiar world you'd chosen at first...
Toya: After the apocalypse, a cook wanders the wastes fighting against evil while delivering food to those in need... I was impressed at how the story showcased his integrity and kindness.
Nene: Huh? O-Oh, thanks...
Toya: I was also a bit surprised when I found out that you'd written such a screenplay, Kusanagi...
Nene: N-No, I... So... I had some help with that...
Toya: I see... That would certainly explain the setting. Whoever you asked must be quite imaginative.
Toya: But you were ultimately tasked with turning it into a single, coherent story, no? It was very well put together, and that attention to detail felt very you.
Nene: R-Really...? Thanks...
Toya: Not to mention...
Nene: (Even when he's praising others, he's really honest...)
(Black cut)
