804_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Featuring Pochacco

Gacha phrase: Mind coming home with me, Pochacco?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Satellite Puroland]

Toya: So this is Puroland...!
Akito: Well, it's actually just a satellite location where you can experience some of the attractions and shows, right?
An: Satellite or not, people have been saying the vibe is practically the same as the actual Sanrio Puroland!
An: Besides, Dad isn't able to watch our practice today and he did tell us to take a break once in a while. So let's enjoy ourselves!
Akito: I get that, but coming here as second-years...
Toya: Do you not like Hello Kitty or the other characters, Akito?
Akito: Not exactly, but...
An: Well, to each their own. Just think of it as us coming to see Haruka and the girls' event and Tenma and his troupe's show!
Toya: Yes. I'm looking forward to watching both of them.
Toya: That reminds me, we should double check their performance times...
Kohane: I have them written down! One second... Here you go!
Toya: Ah, thank you.
Akito: There's a bunch of other notes here too... “Things to do first after entry”, “How to acquire numbered tickets”, “Shortest routes between attractions”...?
An: Wow! You researched all of this?
Toya: Amazing. Wouldn't have expected any less from the PXL Master.
Kohane: Hehehe. I was really looking forward to going to Puroland, and it's also been a while since we all went out together...
An: Oh, hey, Kohane. There's another event I'd like to check out besides Haruka and the girls'. You think we can fit that in?
Kohane: Which one were you thinking of? I'll figure out a route for us.
Akito: What are you smiling about? We just got in, you know?
Toya: I was just thinking that this is nice. Everywhere I look, I see people with smiles on their faces.
Akito: Hmm...
Akito: You don't need to say it like you're just an observer. You're going to be one of those people very soon.
Toya: I suppose you're right about that.
Kohane: Sorry for the wait, Aoyagi, Shinonome! I've come up with a route, so could you take a look?
Toya: Of course.
(Black cut)
An: Hm? Who are those characters doing that show over there?
Kohane: Oh, they're pair of demons called Lloromannic.
An: Demons?! Still, they're so cute! Hey, can we have a quick peek at their show?
(Black cut)
Toya: That black one with the spiky head... Are they supposed to be a bird?
Akito: You mean Badtz-Maru? Yeah, he's a penguin.
An: Oh, I'm kinda surprised you know that one.
Akito: We had Badtz-Maru bandaids at home when I was a kid. I remember using them a lot.
(Black cut)
An: Kohane, look! This Corocorokuririn character looks exactly like you!
Toya & Akito: (Must be because he's a hamster.)
(Black cut)
An: We got through most of the venue, didn't we?
Toya: Yes. Now we have Tsukasa and the others' show to look forward—
Toya: Are those...?
Kohane: Aoyagi?
Toya: Claw machines... I didn't realize they had these here.
Akito: I was wondering where you were going all of a sudden, but of course you'd be in the arcade corner.
An: Wow! All of the prizes are so cute! Look at this massive plushie!
Kohane: That's a Pochacco plushie! But it's lying face down...
Toya: (Someone either gave up after trying or it was actually positioned like this from the beginning...)
Toya: (Its design is quite stylized with his head being a little larger than his body. But the other Pochacco plushies placed at the back are properly sitting down, so the center of gravity may actually be in his backside.)
Toya: (In that case, first I'll try pulling the feet up and using its head as a fulcrum—)
An: Huh? Hellooo? Toya, you in there?
Akito: There he goes. He's gonna try to get it.
An & Kohane: What?
(Black cut)
Toya: Everyone, look! I got it!
Kohane: That's amazing! You made it look so easy by making it roll over!
An: You really are good at claw machines, aren't you, Toya?
Akito: Yeah, that's great and all, but is it okay for you to bring that home? Isn't your dad gonna say something about it?
Toya: Oh, right... If I could, I would like to bring it home...
Kohane: Um... Pochacco is really cute though! I think he's a dog since he has floppy ears.
Toya: I think you're right. Oh, his profile is written on the tag.
Toya: “Pochacco is a curious and clumsy little guy who sometimes sticks his nose where it isn't wanted. He loves going for walks and taking the long way.”
Akito: What?
Toya: Oh, nothing.
Toya: “He is as tall as four cups of his favorite banana ice cream, and weighs as much as three giant carrots from the Fuwafuwa Town carrot patch.”
An: Huh? Carrots?
Akito: What? Quit looking at me like that.
Toya: Pochacco, huh...
Toya: On second thought, I think I will take him home with me.
Kohane: Sounds good! I think Pochacco would love that.
An: Since he's a little bit clumsy and you're always calm, I think you two would balance each other out.
Akito: No, this guy does some unexpected stuff when his curiosity strikes. I'd say the two of them are kinda similar.
Toya: If so, then all the more reason I'd like to be the one to take him home.
Toya: Would that be alright with you, Pochacco?
An: “Of course!”
Kohane: Oh... Hehe. Was that supposed to be Pochacco, An?
Akito: Is that what he sounded like? At least be accurate.
An: What? Was that not accurate? I was sure that was how he sounded in the show we saw just before.
Kohane: Ah, that's right! We'd better head back to the stage area soon to grab a spot!
An: Oh, yeah! Tenma and his troupe's show is starting soon!
Akito: Let's go, Toya.
Toya: Of course.
Toya: Pochacco... Tsukasa and his troupe's shows are really great. I hope you enjoy this too.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[???]

Toya: What is this place?
Toya: I was at home thinking about my day at Puroland, and then—
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya: I'm glad that Dad and the others weren't back yet. Thanks to that, I was able to bring Pochacco home without a problem.
Toya: At any rate, I really did have a lot of fun today. Much like that time we went camping, I've made unforgettable memories...
Toya: Hm? Did my phone flash just now...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (I thought something was happening in SEKAI, so I ended up going, but...)
Toya: (Perhaps I shouldn't have touched the ball of light that was sitting in front of MEIKO's cafe.)
Kohane: Oh! I had a feeling you'd be here too, Aoyagi!
Toya: Everyone! Why are you all here?
Akito: That's what I wanna know. I was about to go to sleep when my phone suddenly started flashing...
An: Same here! Then I went to SEKAI and accidentally stepped on this ball of light...!
Kohane: Um, we got to thinking... If we all ended up here, then maybe you would be here too. So we started looking for you.
Toya: I see...
Akito: So, where are we?
Kohane: I'm not sure... But it looks really similar to the satellite Puroland we went to today.
Toya: I think we should go try to find out if there's anyone else here just in ca—
Pochacco: Oh, hello! Are you all here to come hang out too?
An & Kohane: Po...Pochacco?!
Pochacco: You know who I am? That makes me happy!
Akito: H-He's moving...
Toya: And talking too.
Toya: ...! Akito, are you alright?! He's moving and speaking, but...
Akito: Huh? Well, I know what you're getting at, but... I can handle this much.
Toya: Really? That's a relief...
Pochacco: Did I do something wrong?
Toya: Oh, nothing.
Toya: I'm sorry for not introducing myself sooner. My name is Toya Aoyagi.
Pochacco: Nice to meet you, Toya!
Kohane: Oh, um...! My name is Kohane Azusawa!
An: I'm An Shiraishi! Nice to meet you!
Pochacco: Got it! Kohane and An! Can I know your name too?
Akito: I'm Akito Shinonome.
Pochacco: Akito! Hehehe. You all have such nice names!
An: Hey, I know this is going to sound weird, but... Are we in Puroland?
Pochacco: Nope. It's similar, but apparently this is a SEKAI that was formed from a fragment of a feeling.
Pochacco: It was probably formed from the feelings of wanting to visit Puroland again or thinking about how much fun it was.
Pochacco: That's what the friends I met here told me!
Toya: So this really is a SEKAI.
Pochacco: Hey, could you tell me more about yourselves? You're all friends, right?
An: We are, but we're also teammates working really hard to achieve our shared dream!
Pochacco: Dream?
Toya: Yeah. Our dream is to put on a music event that surpasses the legendary night known as RAD WEEKEND.
Pochacco: L-Legendary night?! That's so cool!
Pochacco: Was that event really that amazing?
An: Yeah! It was so exciting I could barely breathe...! I was heating up so much that I thought my heart was going to explode!
An: I knew without a doubt that I wanted to put on an event as amazing as that one!
Akito: And for me, it felt like I found the dream I wanted to devote my life to.
Toya: After hearing stories about it from these two, we both decided to work towards achieving the same dream.
Kohane: Lately, we've been learning a lot from An's dad, one of the people behind that legendary night.
An: He's been really whipping us into shape.
Pochacco: Whoa... G-Gotcha! That's a wonderful dream, but it sounds really challenging to achieve...
Toya: I suppose you're right about that.
Toya: But even so, we're able to push through the hardest of times because we have each other.
Pochacco: Friends really are important! I have my own group too, so I know how you feel.
Toya: Group?
Pochacco: Yeah! Everyone's really great too! Just being with them makes me feel reassured!
Pochacco: They think up stuff I wouldn't be able to, or find things I wouldn't be able to!
Pochacco: When I'm with them, I can do the things and go to the places that I wouldn't be able to on my own!
Toya: I understand. There's been a lot of things I was able to do because I had my friends.
Toya: Such as camping in particular.
Pochacco: Wow! Camping?! Did you all set up a tent and stuff?
Toya: We set up our own tents, cooked together, watched the stars and sang songs as well. It truly was so much fun.
Akito: There were a lot of firsts for you that time, huh, Toya?
An: Yeah! When we were cooking, Toya's eyes were sparkling when he showed me the peppers and said “Shiraishi, I did it!”
Pochacco: Hehe. It's great when something you're doing for the first time goes well!
Toya: Yes. Even the scenery I got to see on the train to the camping site was a first for me. Everything was a new experience.
Toya: I don't think I'll ever forget what I experienced that day.
Pochacco: That sounds so nice. I want to experience something unforgettable like that too.
Pochacco: But none of my friends from my group are here...
Toya: How about us?
Pochacco: What?
Toya: We may not be able to fill in your group's shoes, but I'm certain we can be friends.
Pochacco: Really?! You'd want to be friends with me?
Kohane: Of course! I'd love to be your friend, Pochacco!
An: Me too!
Akito: There has to be a reason why we met here.
Pochacco: You guys! Thank you!
Pochacco: Hehehe. Okay then, I want to take you to see my secret flower field!
Toya: Really?
Pochacco: Yeah! Follow me! It's this way!
An: Okay!
Toya: Pochacco, would you mind telling us about your group on the way to the flower field?
Pochacco: You mean Badtz-Maru and the others? Sure!
Kohane: Aoyagi and Pochacco are already great friends, huh?
An: I guess they really are alike. Just like you said, Akito.
Akito: Yeah, but... Your impression of him really was way off.
An: Ugh, quit it already. I was just playing around.
Toya: What's wrong, everyone? If you don't keep up, you'll lose your way.
An: Right, coming!
(Black cut)
