851_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Vivid Monochrome (event_118)

Gacha phrase: It's because of those days that I...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, KAITO)

[Night]

[Toya's Room]

Toya: So sleepy... We did have another hard practice today...
Toya: (I've been feeling fatigued as well since I've been staying up so late recently. I should try to go to bed early tonight...)
Toya: (No, this is no time to be resting. Akito got everyone's attention for us through his performance.)
Toya: (Just ten more minutes. I need to—)
KAITO (VBS): <Hi, Toya! How are you doing?>
Toya: Huh?
Toya: KAITO...? What brings you here at this hour?
KAITO (VBS): <Me? Well, you know...? I wanted to see you since it's been so long!>
KAITO (VBS): <Remember how you came to ask us for advice the other day? I've been wondering how you've been doing since then.>
Toya: Oh...
Toya: (Come to think of it, I haven't been to SEKAI in a little while... Did that cause them some concern?)
Toya: I apologize for not catching up with you sooner.
KAITO (VBS): <What? No, you don't need to apologize! We know you've been busy with practice and all.>
KAITO (VBS): <Today's probably no exception. I'm sure you're tired.>
Toya: I am... That evening event was also pretty draining.
KAITO (VBS): <What sort of event was it?>
Toya: A team that we performed with in a past event invited us to sing in theirs...
Toya: The teams that performed there were all local legends, so they sort of had a home-field advantage...
KAITO (VBS): <I see... That sounds like a tough event.>
KAITO (VBS): <But... I'm sure you all managed to find a way to knock everybody's socks off!>
Toya: It wasn't that easy... But I think we left our mark at the very least.
KAITO (VBS): <Ah, I had a feeling! Hearing you say that makes me feel proud!>
Toya: It does? Then, I'm glad I got this chance to tell you.
Toya: So, KAITO, how have things been for you all lately?
KAITO (VBS): <Oh, us...? Recently...>
KAITO (VBS): <Ah, that's right! We had a meeting recently where we came up with new menu items for MEIKO's cafe.>
KAITO (VBS): <It wasn't all that serious, but we each presented our ideas and had MEIKO decide whether or not to try them out.>
Toya: That sounds like fun. Did she end up using any of your ideas?
KAITO (VBS): <Yes! She decided to give Len's idea a try!>
Toya: Len's...? What did he come up with?
KAITO (VBS): <Lemonade! But not just any lemonade...>
KAITO (VBS): <It's suuuper sour!>
KAITO (VBS): <We all tried drinking it, but it was so sour that it made us all scream.>
Toya: And MEIKO was okay with that...?
KAITO (VBS): <Hehe. There's a reason behind that!>
KAITO (VBS): <It tastes surprisingly good when you drink it after you practice singing for a while.>
Toya: Ah, I see.
Toya: Now that you mention it, I've heard that lemon tastes better after you've worked up a sweat.
KAITO (VBS): <Exactly! She wanted you and the others to have something nice and refreshing during your breaks!>
KAITO (VBS): <But it definitely was too sour. She's apparently going to add some honey when it does become available for order.>
Toya: Yes, I see... I'll ask the others to see if they'd like to try it out.
KAITO (VBS): <Great! Len probably won't know what to do with himself! Please be sure to tell him what you all think.>
KAITO (VBS): <Between practicing and working on your individual tasks, I know you're all very busy right now...>
KAITO (VBS): <But you should come over to take a break if you ever feel the need! MEIKO's place will always be your oasis!>
Toya: KAITO...
Toya: You're right... We'll try to rest when we can since we need to in order to perform at our best.
KAITO (VBS): <Yes, excellent!>
KAITO (VBS): <Oh, I need to apologize! I didn't mean to do all the talking...!>
KAITO (VBS): <You're such a wonderful listener that I couldn't help myself... I'm sorry!>
Toya: No, um... That's not a problem.
Toya: (There's really no need for him to apologize. If anything, today...)
Toya: Thank you, KAITO.
KAITO (VBS): <Huh...?>
KAITO (VBS): <Wait, why are you thanking me...? I don't remember doing anything to be thanked for...>
Toya: No, that's not true. I really appreciate what you've done.
KAITO (VBS): <You do...? Then, I'm glad to hear that!>
KAITO (VBS): <Anyway, Toya, good night! Make sure to stay warm, and don't forget to set your alarm!!!>
Toya: Thank you. I appreciate the concern.
Toya: I plan on getting a good night's rest so that I'm ready to do my best again tomorrow.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Alleyway]

Luka (VBS): Let's see...
Luka (VBS): Ah, here! It's this one!
Rin (VBS): Wow, you were right! This looks just like the place in the picture you brought over, Toya!
Toya: Yes... I remember going to Vienna when I was little, and this place closely resembles it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rin (VBS): Whoa! So many travel magazines...! Oh, there's even a photobook!
Miku (VBS): You brought all of these over, Toya?
Toya: Yes, because the streets of that new area are from countries from around the world.
Toya: You all seemed very interested in them, so I decided to bring these over for when you wanted to learn more about them.
Toya: However, this is just what we had at my house, so they may be skewed in the places they cover...
KAITO (VBS): No, that's completely fine! Thank you for bringing these over, Toya!
Len (VBS): Oh, this person took pictures while walking across the United States! A 5,000-km photo shoot! How awesome is that?!
Kohane: Wow, these photos are beautiful... I'd love to see the northern lights someday.
An: Huh? There's a photo album mixed in...
An: Are you sure about us looking at this, Toya?
Toya: Hm? Oh, that's...
Toya: I decided to bring it over since it contains a lot of old photos from our trips to Vienna.
Akito: That reminds me. You said the other day how you and your family always went to go see that music festival in Vienna every year...
Toya: Yes, and these are the photos from then.
Miku (VBS): Wow, these buildings are so pretty. Not only that...
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. Look at little Toya. He's so cute.
Len (VBS): Yeah, he is! This looks like your dad... But who's this old guy?
Toya: Oh, he taught conducting at the music school. I remember him being very nice to me. He even went out of his way to bake cookies for me.
Toya: That one looks like... One of the post-concert socials. A few of the other children were the same age as me, and they had us take a group photo...
Akito: No matter how many times I hear about his family...
Kohane: Y-Yeah... Their world seems so different from ours...
Luka (VBS): Oh!
Luka (VBS): Kohane, take a look at this one! The alleyway behind Toya is the spitting image of the one that appeared in SEKAI!
Kohane: Huh? Oh, you're right... We did walk down one that looked just like this.
Toya: You did...? I'd like to see it sometime if possible.
Luka (VBS): Then, why don't we go right now?
Toya: Now?
Luka (VBS): Yes, because how fun would it be to compare it with the photo?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (This really does look just like the Vienna I saw when I was little...)
Toya: (I remember seeing so many resounding performances in this city. And the expectation was that I'd be able to do the same someday...)
Toya: (I still feel bad about not living up to those expectations. However, I...)
Len (VBS): Hey, check out this graffiti! Doesn't it look cool?!
Kohane: Oh, you're right. The white lettering kind of makes it feel hip and trendy.
An: I was thinking this when I saw it in those pictures Toya showed us, but it's really surprising that even Vienna has graffiti!
Akito: Yeah, it was. I always thought Vienna would be spotless for some reason.
Toya: Yes, I remember seeing quite a lot under the bridges that spanned the Donaukanal.
Toya: That takes me back... My dad always scowled whenever he spotted it.
Toya: As such, he never let me look at any up close like this.
Miku (VBS): To be fair, it's easy for people who aren't used to seeing graffiti to take it as a bad sign.
Toya: Yes, I always used to tie graffiti to unsafe areas when I was little.
Toya: (But now...)
Toya: (I've broken free from classical music, and I've been accepted by streets like this, covered in graffiti.)
Toya: (Back then, I never would've thought to go near any places like this. But they've given me strength, warmth and so much more.)
Toya: (Dad trained me in classical music, but I've met new people who've shared a dream with me through street music. They're both important parts of who I am now.)
Toya: (And I plan on using everything I've experienced...to propel myself forward.)
Toya: (As well as my dear friends. We're going to see what it's like from on top of the world!)
(Black cut)
