864_Toya Aoyagi_R3 Trying My Hand At Modeling! (event_120)

Gacha phrase: Put my hand up to my neck... Like this?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Vivid Street]

Akito: It got dark pretty fast.
Toya: Yes, we should start heading home soon...
An: Huh...? Where'd I put my phone?
Akito: You put it on the counter so that you could record us singing.
An: Oh, right!
An's Voice (An): Wait, I can't find it...! Where'd it go...?!
Kohane: Want me to call it for you, An?
An's Voice (An): Yes, please! Wait, no...! I left it on silent!
Akito: Where's she searching...?
Akito: It's not over there. It should be on the counter by the stage.
Akito: Geez... I'll be right back.
Toya: Okay.
Kohane: Should we go help...?
Toya: I think it'll be fine. Akito seems to know where she left it.
Toya: That reminds me... I was going to do some research for our endeavor.
Kohane: Endeavor...? Oh, on how to be a model...?
Toya: To be fair, my plan was to buy a few magazines and see how actual models pose...
Kohane: No, I really appreciate you doing that.
Kohane: I promise to find us a good location for our shoot, so you can leave that and the photography to me.
Toya: Ah, thank you.
Toya: Which just leaves doing my makeup...
Kohane: Oh, about that...
An: Sorry about that, Kohane, Toya! I finally found my phone!
An: Thanks for the help, Akito!
Akito: Sure thing. Anyway, let's start heading home.
Toya: Yes, let's.
Kohane: I'll message you about this later...
Toya: Okay.
An: What's going on? Are you two having a secret conversation...?
Toya: Uh, yes... About a homework problem.
An: Wait, what...? I was gonna ask for more details, but I'll pass...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Toya's Room]

Toya: The poses the people in this magazine are doing seem relatively simple...
Toya: This person's facing forward while having their hands in their pockets. And this person has their hands over their jacket buttons...
Toya: (Come to think of it, that website I found yesterday about “The Rules of Modeling” said something about being “the star of the show”...)
Toya: The star...
Toya: Right. Their goal is to show the reader the appeal of the clothes they're wearing.
Toya: In other words, they're all posing in a way that brings out the best in these outfits.
Toya: Therefore, for this photo contest, I'll also need to pose in a way that allows the star of the show to shine in the spotlight.
Toya: And I'm supposed to put on makeup in a way that reflects the theme of the contest.
Toya: So, the star of the show is... My makeup?
Toya: Speaking of which, Azusawa was trying to tell me something earlier...
Toya: Oh, she just sent me a message... Her timing couldn't have been better.
Kohane's Message (Kohane): <Sorry about not sending you this sooner!>
Kohane's Message (Kohane): <One of the other girls from my year agreed to help us with your makeup. Her name's Haruka Kiritani.>
Kohane's Message (Kohane): <She even said she'll give us pointers on posing and stuff as a model!>
Toya: Haruka Kiritani...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: I remember now. Shiraishi's best friend, yes? Also, if I recall correctly, a famous idol.
Toya: I'm guessing she knows quite a lot about makeup and modeling.
Toya: (I was worried that I wouldn't be able to help Azusawa much, so I'm glad we're having someone like her join us.)
Toya: <Thank you for letting me know. It'll be nice to have someone like her helping us.>
Toya: (I can have her teach me more about makeup and modeling the day of.)
Toya: (But for now...)
Toya: I should do a little more research on what makes a pose aesthetically pleasing.
Toya: Alright, I'll try combing through this magazine a little more.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[The day after Valentine's Day]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B]

Toya: Good morning.
Mizuki: Morning, Toya♪
Toya: Akiyama... It's rare to see you here so early.
Mizuki: Just keeping my attendance up.
Mizuki: Also, Toya, I have a bunch of questions that I wanna ask you!
Toya: Ask me?
Mizuki: You entered that photo contest, right? I literally fell over when Ena told me about what happened yesterday!
Mizuki: Seriously, how did I not hear about it! I'm never ever going to forgive myself for missing out on such a fun-sounding event!
Toya: Don't be so hard on yourself...
Mizuki: No, I can't shake this feeling! Mind you, I was so guttered that it even drove me to come to school in the morning!
Toya: I see. Actually, maybe it was a good thing that you did.
Mizuki: How?!
Mizuki: I mean, you had Haruka Kiritani helping you guys out right?
Toya: Yes, she was very polite and helpful.
Mizuki: Of course she was!
Mizuki: Grr... No fair! I want her to teach me about makeup and modeling!
Mizuki: No, on second thought... I'd be so nervous and worried over a bunch of things that I would probably freeze up completely.
Toya: If I recall correctly, you also know quite a lot about makeup. So, Akiyama, from your point of view, how did I look?
Mizuki: Awesome! A perfect score in my book!
Toya: I see...
Toya: I'm glad you're saying that since we put in quite a lot of effort.
Toya: While we're on the subject, some of our classmates also congratulated me on our success.
Mizuki: What?! Our classmates saw those pictures?
Toya: Yes. Right after I arrived at school on Monday...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Classmate A: Hey, Toya, the guy in these pictures... It's you, right?
Toya: Yes, that's me... They were submitted into that photo contest.
Classmate B: Really...?! And you finished in the top ten?! Congrats!
Toya: Thank you. But I was just the model. The photographer and adviser I had helping me deserve most of the credit.
Classmate C: So, they put on makeup for you?
Toya: No, I did while being given step-by-step instructions. It went pretty well considering it was my first time.
Classmate C: You did this yourself?!
Classmate B: More importantly, how'd you end up being a model?
Toya: I was doing a teammate a favor.
Toya: But I also wanted some of the chocolates that were being offered as the prize to give as a gift for Valentine's Day.
Classmate B: For Valentine's Day...?!
Classmate A: Really? Who were they for? Tell us!
Toya: Akito and a few other friends.
Classmate A: Y-Your friends...?
Classmate B: You're lying...! No, wait... Knowing you, that makes sense.
Toya: Would you all like some...? If so, I'll make sure to set some aside.
Classmate B: No, I'll pass! But thanks for offering.
Classmate C: Yeah, let's leave it at that...
Classmate A: Agreed... Sorry for getting the wrong idea...
Toya: ...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Mizuki: Hahahahahaha!!!!!
Mizuki: S-Seriously?! Hahaha...! I... I can't breathe...!
Toya: Was it that funny...?
Toya: From what I understand, I raised everyone's hopes and dashed them the next second...
Mizuki: Y-Yeah, you did...
Mizuki: But that's also why we all like you, Toya.
Toya: Really...? Then, I'll take it as a positive.
Mizuki: *Sigh* Your story made coming to school today totally worth it.
Mizuki: But I wanna hear more about what happened yesterday. Did everyone enjoy those chocolates?
Toya: Yes, they all did.
Toya: The way Shiraishi and Akito reacted after they heard about the photo contest was also fairly amusing.
Mizuki: Oh, tell me more about that!
Toya: Okay. Then, let me start from the beginning.
(Black cut)
