917_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Fear That I've Felt (event_129)

Gacha phrase: That's why I hid what I was feeling.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Cafe]

Toya: I can see why you recommended this cafe so much, Azusawa. This place has a nice atmosphere to it.
Kotaro: And it feels so trendy! I'm glad we came! This feels like the perfect place for us to take our break!
Kohane: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that you guys like it so much.
Kotaro: While we're on the subject, this place's deluxe strawberry coffee's supposed to be really good, right?
Kohane: Yes, that's right! It was very good when I had it. They make it using a generous helping of real strawberries.
Toya: Interesting. That explains all the strawberries I saw in those photos. Also, Mita, it says here that the owner's family runs a strawberry farm...
Kotaro: Really?! Now I'm getting jealous...!
Toya: But it looks awfully sweet... As curious as I am about it, I sort of wondering whether or not I should just order their regular coffee...
Kohane: Oh, actually! You can order one to make it not too sweet.
Barista: I can help whoever's next here!
Kohane: Oh, that register's open. Let's go order!
Toya: O-Okay...
Barista: Welcome! What can I get for you today?
Kohane: Um, I'd like...
Kohane: A skinny deluxe strawberry coffee with white chocolate chips, please. Double whip, double vanilla.
Toya & Kotaro: Hm?
Toya: (Wh-What did she just say...? Was that her order...?)
Kohane: Oh, umm... I ordered their deluxe strawberry coffee with white chocolate chips as a topping.
Kohane: Some extra whipped cream and vanilla as well. Also, I asked for them to use fat-free milk instead.
Toya: Ah, I see... I think I have a better understanding now.
Kotaro: What...? After just that explanation?!
Toya: Yes. I understood all those words separately, but I couldn't imagine what sort of drink they referred to.
Toya: That being said... It may not be the best idea for me to repeat what she said due to my dislike of sugary things.
Toya: So, Azusawa, I'm sorry, but would you mind giving me a recommendation?
Kohane: Oh, okay! Let's see... Since you're looking for something unsweetened, then I suggest asking for “no syrup, no whip”.
Toya: Ah, to take out the syrup and whipped cream.
Kohane: Exactly! Also, you could ask for extra espresso if you want to enjoy the taste of their coffee more.
Kohane: But I'm not sure how much you should add. It might be good to ask them about that.
Toya: Okay, thank you... I'll try ordering that.
Toya: Excuse me. I'm ready to order.
Toya: I'd like your deluxe strawberry coffee, please. No syrup, no whip. Some extra espresso as well, but...
Toya: How much would you recommend putting in? I'm actually not all that fond of sugary drinks, and I was hoping to enjoy the taste of your coffee...
Barista: Got it. In that case, I'd recommend three shots. That should allow you to enjoy both the strawberries and coffee at the same time.
Toya: Then, three shots it is.
Barista: Okay, it'll be right out.
Toya: I was able to give them my order. Thank goodness.
Kohane: Congratulations, Aoyagi!
Kotaro: That was amazing! Alright, now I've gotta get my order right...!
Kotaro: Mind lending me a hand, Azusawa...?!
Kohane: Sure. So, Mita, since you like strawberries so much...
(Black cut)
Toya: Oh, this is very good.
Toya: On top of it being not too sweet, the rich taste of this coffee matches these strawberries incredibly well.
Kotaro: Yeah, and these strawberries are so fresh! Thanks for letting us know about this place, Azusawa!!
Toya: (Yes, this is delicious... But I'm still astonished by the fact that I was able to get my order in properly.)
Toya: (I feel like I've taken another step forward by experiencing something new.)
Kohane: Hehe... I'm glad you guys are enjoying this so much.
Kohane: Oh, but our break's almost over.
Toya: You're right. We can finish these once we've met back up with the others.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

An: Hey, welcome back! Looks like you three got your drinks!
Akito: Hm? Mita...
Akito: You had them swap out the dark chocolate chips for white ones, huh? A lot of people have been doing that, but they are pretty good.
Kotaro: Huh?! Y-Yeah, they are...
An: Oh, Kohane, extra whipped cream as usual?
Ken: Did you get extra espresso with yours, Toya?
Toya: You too, Ken...?! Also, how did you two know what we ordered just by looking...?
Akito: ...? I mean, we've been to that place a bunch of times already.
Ken: These three asked me to guess what you'd order, Toya. I figured that that would be what you'd go for.
Toya: Oh, I see...
Toya: The fact that you've all visited that cafe multiple times already is astonishing to me. I still can't believe that I managed to get my order right...
Kotaro: But we just gotta remember what we did! We shouldn't forget about what we experienced today!
Kotaro: Because there's still more to come up ahead...!
Toya: Yes, you're right... We need to keep our wits sharp.
Kohane: I believe in you, Aoyagi, Mita!
Toya: Thank you!
Akito: Aren't you guys blowing things a bit out of proportion?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Vivid Street]

Local Musicians: Man, how awesome was the battle An and Kohane had the other day?!
Local Musicians: I know, right?! I still have no idea why it happened, but they both sounded super serious...
Local Musicians: That was the most mind-blowing battle I'd ever seen!
Local Musicians: Same here. I can't wait for their next event...!
Toya: (The entire city's been talking about us following their battle...)
Toya: (I'm sensing this mix of excitement and tension in the air.)
Toya: (The fire we lit that day has clearly grown much bigger...!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

An: Oh. Morning, Toya.
Toya: Good morning. I didn't realize you were already here.
An: *Nod* But you're also here pretty early.
Toya: Ah, so... I woke up and didn't have anything else to do at home.
An: Haha. I know the feeling! It feels better to practice here than laze around at home, right?
An: Oh, that reminds me...! There's something I need to say to you!
Toya: To me?
An: Thanks for the advice you gave me about how I felt about Kohane.
An: You helped me realize that I had all this fear swirling around inside of me...
An: I was able to take another hard look at myself and tell Kohane how I really felt.
Toya: There's no need to thank me. I was just doing what I should as your teammate.
Toya: I'm just glad that I could help you two somehow.
Toya: By the way, how are you doing now? Do you feel less anxious after battling against Azusawa?
An: Hmm... Yeah, kinda... It's more or less gone for now...
Toya: For now?
An: Yeah, I feel pretty good right now... But I'm pretty sure it's gonna be back again eventually.
An: At the same time, I think that's fine.
An: No matter what happens... No matter how hard things get...
An: We'll keep pushing and pulling. We'll keep chasing after each other. I finally know that this is what I've always wanted out of a partner.
An: But if I do get stuck again in the future, I won't just let my feelings fester. I'll be sure to let it all out...
Toya: And I'd expect no less from you, Shiraishi.
An: Hehe. I don't plan on losing to you or Akito either, so you guys better stay ready.
Toya: That's good to hear. I'll make sure to be ready for when that happens.
Toya: (Thank goodness... I'm so glad that Shiraishi's been able to find a way to move forward.)
Toya: (Come to think of it...)
Toya: (Does this mean I've finally been able to repay them for what they did for me back then?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: But that's not the case when you're up there with Akito. I can always tell you're having fun.
(White cut)
Kohane: What is it that you really want, Aoyagi?
Toya: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (Because they went out of their way that time to ask me how I really felt...)
Toya: (I feel like I was finally able to become the partner that Akito deserves.)
Toya: (Despite how poorly we treated them back then... They were still willing to show concern for us.)
Toya: (I can't thank them enough for that.)
Toya: (I was finally able to give back a little. But more importantly...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
Kohane: I still have a long way to go, but it makes me really happy to be able to work so hard toward something with her.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (I remember being stunned by the deep trust they placed in one another, as well as their determination to keep moving forward...)
Toya: (Which is why I'm glad I've been able to help them become even better partners.)
An: Oh, Kohane, Akito!
Akito: Hey, you guys are here pretty early.
An: Hehe. We couldn't wait to start practicing! Right, Toya?
Toya: Yes, that's right.
Toya: So, let's get started.
(Black cut)
