932_Toya Aoyagi_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: I need to be grateful for their heartfelt celebration.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

[One week before Toya's birthday]

[Toya's Room]

KAITO (VBS): <And then, just when I was about to get my chance to drink a really special cup of coffee made with the new beans...>
Toya: The time you'd agreed upon with Rin and Len came around, I take it.
KAITO (VBS): <Exactly! I asked them to wait just ten minutes, or ideally half an hour, but...>
Luka (VBS): <Ten minutes would be one thing, but of course they wouldn't want to wait for thirty.>
Toya: A very good point...
Luka (VBS): <So, those two took him away, and MEIKO and I had that yummy coffee all to ourselves.>
KAITO (VBS): <You could have brought some over for us...>
KAITO (VBS): <Oh well, it's no biggie. I'll just make more some other time. And when I do, I hope you'll try it, Toya.>
Toya: Is that alright?
KAITO (VBS): <Of course! We're fellow coffee lovers, aren't we? Besides, isn't your birthday coming up?>
Luka (VBS): <Oh, that's totally right! Hey, Toya, are you gonna party with your friends and stuff?>
Toya: Akito and the others have said they'll do something to celebrate, but other than that, I—
Toya: Someone's calling? It's Tsukasa...
KAITO (VBS): <Oh, go ahead and take that. We'll stay quiet.>
Toya: Thank you. Then...
Toya: <Hello, Tsukas—>
(Background change)
Saki: <Hiya, Toya♪>
Tsukasa: <Gah! Stand back, Saki. I'm the one who's calling!>
Saki: <That's not how it works! You called, so I get to talk first♪>
Tsukasa: <By what rules?!>
(Background change)
Toya: <I see Saki is with you.>
(Background change)
Tsukasa: <Yes, sorry to startle you. Do you have a moment?>
(Background change)
(Background change)
Toya: <Yes, no problem.>
Saki: <Great! Okay so, your birthday's next week, right? We—>
(Background change)
Tsukasa: <We want to hold a birthday party for you at our home, much like the one we had for White Day in the past!>
Saki: <Wait, Tsukasa! I was about to tell him!>
Tsukasa: <Hah hah hah hah! Too slow!>
(Background change)
Tsukasa: <So Toya, do you already have plans in place for your birthday?>
Toya: <I have a combination practice session and birthday party with Akito and the others, but I'm open in the afternoon.>
Saki: <Really?! Then, could you come to our place?>
Toya: <Of course. I would love to pay a visit.>
(Background change)
Saki: <Woohoo! Did you hear that, Tsukasa?>
Tsukasa: <Indeed I did! Well, we'll be preparing to put on a phenomenal show upon your arrival!>
Saki: <Hey! Tsukasa, I was just telling you how we should change things up a little this time. We always put on a show!>
Tsukasa: <Perish the thought. It's the tradition that makes it ideal. I'm sure you'd agree, Toya!>
(Background change)
Toya: <I'm just happy to know you two will be celebrating my birthday.>
(Background change)
Tsukasa: <Yes, of course! See, what did I say?>
Saki: <He's just saying that 'cause he's nice. His birthday is a really special occasion, so we've gotta celebrate it like one.>
(Background change)
Toya: <No, I truly—>
(Background change)
Tsukasa: <Fine, I give! If you're so intent on the idea, then why don't we have ourselves a battle to see who can make the day more fun for him?>
(Background change)
Toya: Huh...?
(Background change)
Saki: <Fine by me! There's NO way I'm gonna lose! Look forward to it, Toya♪>
(Background change)
Toya: <Oh... Okay.>
(Background change)
Tsukasa: <With that decided, I need to begin my preparations immediately! Alright, Toya, I'll get back to you later with a meeting time!>
Saki: <See ya!>
(Background change)
KAITO (VBS): <Hahaha! They're gonna have a battle to see who can make his birthday more fun. That should be interesting!>
Luka (VBS): <Yeah, for real! You could just tell how much they care.>
Luka (VBS): <You must be excited for your birthday, Toya♪>
Toya: Yes, very.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later - Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B]

An: You here, Toya?
Toya: Yes, I'm here.
An: Oh, Akito and Mizuki are with you.
Akito: Yeah. We were having lunch.
Mizuki: Why are you surprised I'm here? I'm his classmate.
An: Uh-huh, try saying that again once you actually start showing up every day.
Toya: So, what brings you here? And with Kusanagi in tow...?
Nene: Oh, um... Actually, this morning...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: What am I gonna do? I have this awful feeling I'm gonna get called on in math today.
Nene: Same here. I haven't been called on at all lately, so it's about—
Rui: Oh, Tsukasa! Here they are!
Tsukasa: Ah, Nene, Shiraishi, I've found you! Please, lend me your wisdom!
An & Nene: Huh?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: For some reason, he asked us all this stuff about how to make a birthday show you'd enjoy...
Akito: He talked to you guys too, huh?
An: Wait, did he also ask you two?
Mizuki: Yup. Apparently he and Saki are having a battle to see who can make Toya's birthday more fun♪
Mizuki: Well, Saki had already reached out to me, so all Tsukasa got from me was an apology.
An: Gotcha...
Nene: Um... It's not my place to ask, but is this bothering you at all?
Toya: No, I know Tsukasa is doing his utmost to make my birthday enjoyable. I can hardly wait for the day to come.
Nene: Okay. That's a relief.
Toya: Now that I think about it, none of you have mentioned what you told Tsukasa and Saki.
Nene: Oh. Um, well...
Akito: We're not about to tell you that. It might end up spoiling something.
Toya: I see, so this was in my best interest. I apologize for not putting that together.
Mizuki: You can't be sure. He might actually be trying to get off the hook for whatever gets chosen.
An: Could it be? Did you give Tsukasa a half-baked response and put your partner's special day in danger?
Akito: What was that? You can bet I helped as best I could...
Toya: I see...
Akito: What's that grin for...?
Toya: I just feel happy.
Toya: Thank you all. I'll be looking forward to the day.
Mizuki: You do that♪ Make sure you get all that birthday love!
Toya: I will.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Toya's birthday]

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): We're glad you're here, Toya!
Saki's Voice (Saki): Welcome! Please, come on in♪
Toya's Voice (Toya): Okay. Pardon me.
Toya: These decorations... They're all made out of origami and other crafts. It all looks so lovely and extravagant.
Toya: Was this your handiwork, Saki?
Saki: You can tell?! That's Toya for you!
Saki: Okay, I'm in the lead with one point♪
Tsukasa: Heh, not for long. Take a close look at the table, Toya!
Toya: Oh, those sandwiches look delicious. You've even decorated with flowers...
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! This is the very ESSENCE of hospitality!
Tsukasa: However, this is only the beginning! No, only the “B”!
Tsukasa: Today, Toya, I'll leave you stunned, speechless and smiling! And to that end, I've prepared a magic show for you!
Toya: A magic show...!
Toya: I remember you putting some on for me when we were little. How nostalgic...
Tsukasa: Ah! So you do remember!
Tsukasa: To tell the truth, I went around asking Rui, Nene, Akito and Shiraishi for ideas on what sort of birthday party you would enjoy.
Tsukasa: In the end, we came upon the thought that it should be one which is possible specifically because of all the time we've spent together!
Tsukasa: And after much deliberation, I came up with this nostalgic magic show idea!
Tsukasa: You had such a great smile when I put them on back then. So today, I'll use my new tricks to make it reappear!
Toya: Okay. I'm very much looking forward to it.
Toya: That reminds me, I heard that you spoke with Akiyama about today, Saki.
Saki: Yup! Kohane, Haruka and Emu helped out a bunch too!
Saki: And the theme I landed on for my birthday idea was “Play together for lots of laughs”... So...
Saki: I actually put together a remake of one of the games the three of us played way back when!
Tsukasa: Wh-What did you say...?!
Toya: So you've also prepared a nostalgic activity for us, Saki.
Saki: Sheesh, I can't believe we came up with the same thing after talking with different people!
Saki: But the game I put together isn't just the same old, it's leveled up! You can expect great stuff♪
Tsukasa: I see... As expected of my sister, you never disappoint!
Tsukasa: Saki, it's time to see who can make today more fun for Toya... Let us have a fair match!
Saki: Bring it on, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Great! Now, you two, please pick a glass of juice from the table!
Toya: Okay.
Tsukasa: I hereby declare Toya's birthday celebration begun!
Tsukasa: Cheers!
Toya & Saki: Cheers. Cheers♪
(Black cut)
Toya: Oh, I rolled a five. That means... I stop at this space with the drawing of Saki on it.
Saki: Ooh! You hit the jackpot, Toya! Here's your snack prize♪
Tsukasa: Saki, do I also get a treat if I land there?
Saki: Swing and a miss. We're rivals today, so you would get a penalty!
Tsukasa: What?!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Now then, it's time for Mr. Pegasus' Mystifying Magic Show to begin!
Tsukasa: First, a little warm-up. I'll make this coin disappear!
Tsukasa: I take this perfectly average coin, and run a table napkin over it... You can tell the coin is still here through the cloth, yes?
Toya & Saki: Yes. Uh-huh.
Tsukasa: However! Mr. Pegasus' magic hands can make it disappear simply by grasping it! Watch!
Saki: Whaaat?! The coin's gone?!
Toya: Incredible... My mind understands that there must be a trick to it, but I couldn't find any tells.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! Don't be surprised just yet! Look, next I shall make that sandwich disappear!
(Black cut)
Toya: Thank you both very much.
Toya: I was certain this would be a great birthday, but I enjoyed it twice as much as I expected... No, even more than that.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah hah! Of course you did, with the two of us leading things!
Tsukasa: Now, I believe it's about time to decide our match.
Saki: Yeah!
Saki: Which was more fun, Toya? My game, or Tsukasa's show?
Toya: ...!
Toya: (Oh no...)
Toya: (I was having so much fun, I completely forgot about the contest.)
Toya: (How could I let this happen...? They were both so passionate about their battle, but I simply enjoyed myself without a care in the world!)
Tsukasa: Hm...? Toya?
Toya: No, it's not too late. I'll just remember each thing that happened since I arrived.
Toya: First were the decorations in the living room and on the table. I'd struggle to decide which of them did better at that stage.
Toya: After that was the board game, which was a masterful expansion on the old handmade one we played as kids. That provided a mix of nostalgia and excitement.
Saki: Toya? You with us...?
Toya: But Tsukasa's magic show had nostalgia too, and was also full of humor and rife with surprises. Before I knew it, my eyes were glued to his performance.
Toya: What am I to compare, and by what means? How am I to decide a winner and loser?
Toya: Point deductions... No, there was nothing to take away points for... So, I award points?!
Toya: But for me to assign point values to their ideas and passionate creativity...!
Toya: Still, if I don't come to a decision somehow, I won't be able to give these two the answer they wa—
Tsukasa: T-Toya, our apologies!!! This was wrong!
Saki: Sorry, Toya! We didn't mean to stress you out like this!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: That was our mistake, Toya. We became too swept up in it.
Toya: No, I should be the one apologizing.
Toya: It's hard to say whether the game or the show “won.”
Toya: I really...
Toya: I truly had so much fun.
Tsukasa: Great. And I'm glad I get to see this smile.
Saki: Yeah, me too!
Saki: Happy birthday, Toya!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday!
Toya: Thank you... I really appreciate it.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000317/bg_s000317.webp)
Ena: Happy birthday, Toya!
Airi & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Ena: Thanks for looking out for Akito. He gets in over his head if you leave him be, so it's a huge help that you're around.
Airi: Funny, you're talking like an older sister or something.
Ena: Because I am one, thank you very much.
Shizuku: Hehe. It's so important to have someone by your side chasing the same dream.
Airi: Right. I'm sure you don't need to hear this, but be sure to take good care of your friends. I hope your birthday's great!
Rui: Happy birthday, Aoyagi. Did you enjoy Mr. Pegasus' magic show?
Tsukasa: Rui helped me with the finer movements and Nene gave me advice on how to communicate with my audience. It all came very much in handy during the show!
Nene: It did? I'm glad I was able to contribute a little.
Nene: Um, Aoyagi... Happy birthday. I'll bring your present and stuff on Monday.
Rui: Hehehe. We chose the finest gift available. I'm sure you'll like it.
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Toya♪
Haruka & Emu: Happy birthday!
Saki: Haruka, Emu, Mizuki! Thanks for helping me decide what kind of game to do and stuff!
Haruka: Hehe, it was for a special occasion. I wanted to help make his birthday a good one.
Emu: Yeah! I'm happy Toya's all smiles too☆
Mizuki: Same here! Wish I could've seen it myself...
Emu: Then, let's all go celebrate now♪ We'll get to see him all smiley!
Mizuki: Awesome plan! Okay guys, let's get going! Go, go, go!
Haruka: Huh? Otori?!
Saki: Whoa, Mizuki, wait!
Akito: Happy birthday, Toya.
Kohane & An: Happy birthday!
Kohane: I guess you never decided on a winner of Saki and Tsukasa's competition. I'm curious how they decided to celebrate.
An: Yeah, since we came up with a bunch of ideas! You'll have to tell us which parts you liked.
Akito: It won't be long before we see him at practice. Just ask him then.
An: True that!
Kohane: We'll talk to you later, Aoyagi. See you at practice!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toya: My birthday party with Tsukasa and Saki was so much fun.
Toya: Evidently, Kamishiro, Kiritani and many others discussed ideas with them.
Toya: To think so many people gave my birthday that much thought...
Toya: I'm so grateful.
Toya: They celebrated my birthday from the bottom of their hearts.
Toya: That means I need to keep this feeling of gratitude with me as I live out the year.
(White cut)
