955_Toya Aoyagi_R2 Don't Let It End Yet (event_135)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi)

[Live House]

[Backstage]

Toya: Phew...
Toya: (We did very well again during today's event. I'm glad we were able to win.)
Toya: (We've been able to produce good results in every event lately. And I couldn't be more grateful to have such reliable teammates.)
Toya: (And people have been responding well to my song...)
Toya: (Akito and the others telling me that it's good was a relief, but I feel much better knowing that the audience agrees.)
???: Aha, there he is. Hey, we've been looking for you.
Toya: Huh? Oh...
Toya: (They're the team that battled against us. From what I understand, they're also professional musicians...)
Toya: Hello. Thank you for today, LLD.
Musicians: No, it was our pleasure! More importantly, we've got a question.
Musicians: Do you guys write your own tracks?
Toya: Huh?
Musicians: We wanted to ask because we really liked what we heard. It was like you could really feel what the writer had been feeling, you know?
Toya: Th-Thank you very much.
Toya: Actually... I was the one who wrote that song.
Musicians: You?! Really...?! But you're so young. That's staggering.
Toya: Oh, but... I didn't make it completely on my own.
Toya: I never would've been able to make it without the help of my teammates.
Musicians: I see... We were hoping to hear a little about your creative process. Mind if we picked your brain for a bit?
Toya: Not at all. I'd also like to hear more about your team and your activities.
(Black cut)
Musicians: So, how do you guys go about writing songs?
Toya: Oh, in our case, we first like to come up with the song's overall concept.
Toya: After that, we try to come up with sounds that match it and refine it as best we can.
Toya: But we place a high priority on channeling our feelings into it.
Musicians: Channeling your feelings, huh? Interesting...
(Black cut)
Toya: May I ask how your team produces its songs?
Musicians: We usually start with a chord progression, then we accent it with instrumental sounds...
Musicians: This guy's always going out and buying these instruments the rest of us have never even heard of. Not only that, he'll play them just once or sometimes not at all...
Toya: I see... But that explains why your songs feel so unique compared to other artists. You're able to express things in ways that they can't.
Toya: Plus, your audience seemed to really enjoy your music... It's a clear indication to me that you understand your strengths.
Musicians: Haha. You're so polite. But it's true that we keep those kinds of things in mind.
Toya: Would it be alright if I asked you more about what you do to accent your music as you just mentioned...?
Musicians: Yeah, sure! We also wanna ask you more about how you guys channel your feelings into your songs.
Toya: Okay. I'll try to provide answers as best I can.
(Black cut)

[Thirty minutes later]

Musicians: That was a good discussion, Aoyagi. I think we know what we want to do for our next song now.
Toya: Really? I'm glad to hear that I could help.
Toya: And I learned quite a lot from our discussion. Thank you for telling me about how you practice and write songs as professionals.
Musicians: It was a stimulating conversation for us as well. Seeing talented young people like yourselves always serves as a good source of motivation.
Toya: I appreciate the compliment. Again, thank you for your time.
Musicians: Haha. You really are polite. And I have a feeling that the sky's the limit for your team. Anyway, thanks for chatting with us.
Toya: (... I was a little surprised by them at first...)
Toya: (But I feel like my horizons have broadened a little.)
Toya: (We've been competing against a wide variety of teams and artists as we practice to surpass RAD WEEKEND. Those experiences by themselves have been wonderful...)
Toya: (But I'm always grateful whenever I receive these sorts of opportunities to learn new information and ideas.)
Toya: (I'm sure that we'll be encountering and competing against more and more musicians in the future. And we'll get to keep experiencing new things.)
Toya: (We'll keep growing and keep broadening our horizons together...)
Toya: That's what the future has in store for us.
Toya: And I'm looking forward to it very much.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[After RAD BLAST]

[Weekend Garage]

Kotaro: Whew... I'm stuffed...
Tatsuya: You really are an amazing cook, Ken. Everything you made for our after-party was delicious.
Akito: Yeah. But... now I'm starting to feel sleepy.
An: Me too... I need to hit the hay soon...
Ken: Hey, you guys okay? Well, all of you did push yourselves to the limit, so it's no surprise.
Ken: Taking Soma back to the hospital sooner rather than later was the right call.
Arata: Yes, it was... Honestly...
Toya: Pardon me, Ken.
Toya: But can I get another refill for my coffee?
Ken: You still seem wide awake...
Toya: Yes, because of your delicious coffee.
Ken: I appreciate the compliment. That being said, you've had a lot already...
Ken: Also...
Ken: Are you drinking all this coffee so you can stay awake?
Toya: ...
Toya: Umm...
Ken: Well?
Toya: You're right...
Toya: Of course, I enjoyed the first couple of cups very much since I hadn't had your coffee in quite a while. But...
Toya: I'd have to go home if I started nodding off.
Toya: And I want to enjoy this atmosphere for just a little bit longer...
Toya: So, you're right. I decided that I should keep drinking your coffee in order to stay awake...
Ken: *Sigh* I had a feeling...
Ken: But you made the locals' wish come true by giving that event everything you had. Don't you think you deserve a little break today...?
Toya: What...?
Ken: There's some space in the back where you can sleep. Why not lie down for a bit?
Toya: Ken...
Toya: But I don't think I'll be able to wake back up in my current state. I'd feel bad about having you let me stay the night suddenly...
Ken: It's okay every once in a while, right?
Ken: If you, Akito and Kohane all end up sleeping over, then I'll make sure to tell your parents and take whatever they throw at me.
Toya: (Yes, trying to stay awake like this may end up causing him more trouble.)
Toya: (Also... I'm having trouble keeping my eyes open any longer.)
Toya: I'm sorry, Ken. And thank you...
Toya: I think I'd like to go to sleep.
Ken: Ah, good decision.
Ken: Alright, listen up! If any of you are at your limit, then you're more than welcome to sleep here!
Akito: Okay...
Kotaro: Thank you... My eyes are glued shut...
Kohane: Yawn... So sleepy...
Ken: Let her sleep in your room, An.
An: Okay... Let's go, Kohane...
Ken: Sorry, but you boys will need to sardine can yourselves in here. I'll go grab some blankets.
Arata: Thank you...
Toya: (It's time for this room of zombies to lie down.)
Toya: (However, this seems only natural.)
Toya: (We gave that event absolutely everything we could muster. And then, we had a big party to celebrate.)
Toya: (I doubt I'm ever going to forget what happened today.)
Toya: (I can vividly recall the atmosphere that we created when everyone became connected.)
Toya: (And the time I spent together with my dear friends... The happiness we got to share...)
Toya: (I'll never forget it for as long as I live.)
Ken: I'll get you that refill when you wake up, okay, Toya?
Toya: Thank you very much. I'll be looking forward to it.
Toya: (Ken's coffee right after waking up.)
Toya: (I couldn't ask for anything better.)
(Black cut)
