973_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Shared Admiration (event_139)

Gacha phrase: Yes...! I heard it!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Toya: Hello.
Akito: Hey.
MEIKO (VBS): Oh, welcome.
Miku (VBS): Welcome. Are you on your way back from school?
Akito: Yeah, we were thinking about getting some studying in.
Len (VBS): Oh, okay! Wait, study?! You, Akito?!
Akito: Hey, we've got tests coming up soon.
Miku (VBS): Yes, it would be good to study for those. What would you like to drink? The usual?
Toya: Yes, please.
Toya: (Still, to think Akito would want to have a study session like this. I was so startled when he first asked me.)
Toya: (Also, tests aren't for a little while. Does that mean there's something he's having trouble understanding?)
Toya: You mentioned that you wanted to study for English today. Would you be okay with us mostly doing problems out of the workbook?
Akito: Yeah, that was my plan from the start.
Len (VBS): Hey, can I sit at your table? I wanna watch as you guys study.
Akito: As long as you don't get in the way.
Len (VBS): I won't!
Len (VBS): Oh, this is the workbook for English you guys use? I'm seeing a lot of long passages. What do they say?
Akito: We were just about to start reading them.
Toya: As far as tutoring goes, why don't I step in whenever you get stuck?
Akito: Sounds good. I want to get through as much of this as I can by myself.
Toya: Okay. In that case, let's both do our best.
(Black cut)
Toya: (Okay, I'm finished with the seven problems pertaining to this long passage. Let's how Akito's doing...)
Toya: (He's on the third one. He seems to be struggling a bit, but it's clear that he's doing his best to solve them by himself.)
Toya: (I was under the impression that he invited me because he was having trouble with something...)
Toya: (But he might just be able to solve every problem on his own...!)
(Black cut)
Akito: *Sigh* I'm finally done with those long-passage problems...
Toya: ...!
Toya: (He actually solved them all on his own!)
Len (VBS): Way to go, Akito! Nice work!
Akito: Thanks...
Akito: Sorry for making you wait, Toya. Let's start checking our answers.
Toya: ...
Akito: Toya?
Toya: ...! R-Right! Our answers!
MEIKO (VBS): Here are the refills for your drinks, you two.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. You didn't think he'd get through them all on his own, did you, Toya?
Toya: N-No, I...
Akito: You're not even trying to meet her eyes, huh.
Akito: But I guess you had every right to feel that way based on my past record.
Toya: Sorry...
Len (VBS): Anyway, what was this passage about?
Akito: About how people watch movies. One person talked about the benefits of going to the theater, while the other focused on watching them at home on TV.
Akito: It's stuff like how seeing them at the theater leaves a bigger impression, or how you can relax in the comfort of your own home.
Akito: At the end, the movie theater guy says he'll watch one at home, and the home guy says he'll watch one in a theater.
Toya: (He understood the entire passage...!!)
Toya: (And it wasn't an easy one. It was full of tricky grammar and difficult words!)
Toya: Akito...
Toya: You did it! You studied!!
Akito: Whoa...!
Miku (VBS): I've never seen Toya smile like this before!
MEIKO (VBS): From ear to ear...
Len (VBS): Yeah! I don't think I've seen him smile like this before either!
Akito: I mean, it'd be pretty lame for someone who just helped rewrite history to not pass a test, right...?
Akito: I already wake up early every day to run, so I thought I should make the most of any time in between.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Toya: If only you gave this as much attention as you do when it comes to singing...
Akito: I was trying to do things efficiently.
Toya: Betting on the questions being easy doesn't count as efficiency.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Toya: You used to be all about taking the easy way out, but you've really been trying little by little...!
Toya: You finally understand the value of studying every day!
Akito: Uhh... Y-Yeah...
Akito: But I've been focusing on this test so much that my homework's starting to pile up.
Toya: Not an issue.
Toya: Now that you're studying every day, you should be able to get through anything that you're assigned!
Akito: O-Okay...
Len (VBS): W-Wait, are you sure you're gonna be able to finish everything?
Miku (VBS): If you don't, Toya's going to be very disappointed.
Akito: Y-Yeah, I know...
Akito: J-Just watch, Toya. I-I'll finish everything this weekend.
Toya: Yes, I'm confident that you will.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Miyamasuzaka]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (It was nice to see him doing well...)
Toya: (He even said that Tono has been visiting him in the hospital every day, so they may return to being Gurney flap soon.)
Toya: Anyway, now I need to...
Toya & Kanade: Oh...
Toya: Hello, Yoisaki. We haven't seen each other since Shibuya Instrument Day.
Kanade: Oh, you're right. It's nice to see you again, Aoyagi.
Kanade: Umm... Are you about to head somewhere?
Toya: No, I'm on my way back from visiting a friend at the hospital.
Kanade: Wait, the hospital? The one on top of the hill?
Toya: No, the one over that way, with the rehabilitation center.
Toya: If you don't mind me asking, does this mean you're about to go visit someone, Yoisaki?
Kanade: Yes. I'm visiting my da... Also a friend.
Kanade: Oh, that reminds me... I've been meaning to ask you a question, Aoyagi.
Toya: Me?
Kanade: Your last name sounded so familiar for some reason. It's not an uncommon name, but I had to wonder...
Kanade: Does your father happen to be Harumichi Aoyagi?
Toya: Yes, he is... I didn't realize you were familiar.
Kanade: He is a world-renowned musician.
Kanade: He also does quite a lot of concerts, yes? I haven't had a chance to see him perform yet, but I do have some of his CDs at my house.
Toya: Yes, I see.
Kanade: He's such an incredible person. He has such a talent for capturing the feelings and emotions that go into a song through his performances.
Kanade: I've gotten goosebumps while listening to his CDs, so he must sound even more astounding live.
Toya: Yes, the way his music resonates throughout a hall is simply unforgettable.
Kanade: Then, I might try getting some tickets for his next concert.
Kanade: Also, Aoyagi, you write the songs for your team, yes?
Toya: Not all of them. But we did perform the ones I wrote during the event we hosted the other day.
Kanade: I see...
Kanade: I've never tried composing a street-genre song, but sampling different sounds seems very interesting.
Toya: Yes, I've just started to get the hang of writing songs after being taught how. Now, I'm having quite a lot of fun. I learn something new every time I do it.
Kanade: Really...
Kanade: Maybe I should also give it a try. Especially if I can learn some new tricks and broaden my horizons as a composer.
Toya: If you'd like, I can teach you how the process works.
Toya: In return, you can show me how you compose.
Toya: I've only just started to learn how to use digital tools, so I'm wondering which plug-ins and such would work best for the feelings I'd like to express...
Kanade: It's hard not to get lost in all the free plug-ins that are available out there. I still have trouble choosing from time to time.
Toya: You do?
???: Huh...? Hey, Kanade, Toya!
Kanade: Oh...
Toya: Akiyama!
Mizuki: It's super rare to see you two together like this! Wait, now I remember! You got to talk a lot during Shibuya Instrument Day, right?
Kanade: Yes, we just ran into each other, so we were catching up.
Toya: You're in your regular clothes, Akiyama. Do you not have supplementary classes today?
Mizuki: Nope, I just got off work♪
Mizuki: Now that my shift's over, I'm headed over to the diner to wait for the others.
Toya: Wait for the others...?
Kanade: Oh, right... We're having our after-party there with Mafuyu and Ena.
Toya: ...! I apologize for taking up so much of your time. I didn't realize that you had plans.
Kanade: No, that's okay. We aren't meeting for a little while.
Mizuki: Yeah, you guys should keep chatting. I can even head over first to let them know that you're running a little late, Kanade.
Toya: No, you have a prior engagement. I shouldn't keep you any longer.
Toya: But I'd like to sit down and talk more about composing sometime with you, Yoisaki.
Kanade: Yes, I'd like to ask you more about your music as well.
Toya: Okay. Then, if you'll excuse me.
Toya: I'll see you again at school, Akiyama.
Mizuki: Bye bye♪ See you later!
Toya: (Yoisaki's apparently composed quite a few songs, so I'm looking forward to talking with her again.)
Toya: (I should learn more about songwriting and composing before next time, to make sure we get to have a meaningful discussion.)
(Black cut)
