1008_Toya Aoyagi_R4 After-School Assistance (event_144)

Gacha phrase: Even I can tell how much care went into this.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Toya: Hello.
MEIKO (VBS): Welcome, Toya, Akito.
KAITO (VBS): Hello, everyone! We didn't realize that you'd all be coming!
An: Were you guys also practicing just now?
Akito: Yeah. Does that mean you two also were?
Kohane: Yeah, we just finished and decided to swing by for a break.
Len (VBS): Hey, Akito, Toya, you guys are helping with that Shibu Schools Fest thing too, right?
Toya: Wait, why do you know about that?
An: I was just telling them about how I'm gonna be in the musical.
Toya: I see.
Rin (VBS): So, what are you two doing? Are you guys gonna also be in it?
Akito: Sorry to disappoint, but I'm just helping move the equipment and stuff.
Luka (VBS): Wait, really? But you're so good at singing...
Akito: Not that kind of singing.
Miku (VBS): So only you and An are gonna be performing on stage, Toya?
Toya: No, I won't be going on stage either. I was asked to help write songs for it.
Miku (VBS): Oh, that seems like the perfect job for you.
Kohane: Yeah! It's bound to be good with Aoyagi's songs in it!
Toya: I certainly hope so, but this is my first time working on a musical.
MEIKO (VBS): I'm sure you'll do just fine, Toya. Anyway, here are your usuals.
Toya & Akito: Thank you.
KAITO (VBS): While we're on the subject, An just mentioned how her school isn't the only one that will be participating in this festival. Does that mean Kohane's school will be as well?
Toya: Yes, that's our understanding.
Akito: Come to think of it, are you doing anything for it?
Kohane: So, I was invited to help, but I haven't made my decision yet...
Kohane: I've been asked to help take photos for the official pamphlet, which I am really interested in doing.
An: Hey, that's great! After all, you are a great photographer!
Kohane: Hehe. Thanks.
Kohane: But based on what I was told, I won't be doing much other than taking a few photos.
Kohane: Which is why I'm wondering if there's anything else I can do to help...
Toya: In that case, would you be willing to listen to the songs I write? I'd like to hear your opinion.
Kohane: Really? That sounds like fun!
Kohane: Oh, but are you sure I'm the best choice? I don't know much of anything about musicals...
Toya: It might not help much to hear, but don't worry. I'm a complete beginner myself, so it's perfect.
Toya: However, what matters most is that Kusanagi is leading the production of this musical.
Kohane: Huh?
Rin (VBS): The girl who was in your class last year?
Len (VBS): What's she got to do with this?
Toya: This is my logic based on the information I have at hand.
Toya: First, Azusawa, you've seen Kusanagi and Wonderlands×Showtime perform quite a number of shows.
Miku (VBS): Oh... I knew I'd heard her name before somewhere. She's that girl.
MEIKO (VBS): Her name came up quite a lot when your class was making that film, Akito.
Akito: But this isn't just any kind of show. It's a musical. Sure, there's a lot of overlap, but...
Toya: The answer is a “quiet and peaceful forest”.
Akito: Huh?
An: Wait, where have I heard that before...?
Kohane: Oh, when we went camping in order to achieve a shared vision...!
Toya: Yes, that's right.
Toya: A shared vision, as well as a shared vocabulary...
Toya: In other words, you may not have much knowledge of musicals, Azusawa, but through her shows, you may be able to understand Kusanagi's vision.
Everyone: Whoa!
Kohane: Huh?! Uhh...
Kohane: B-But all I've done is go and watch a lot of her troupe's shows...
Toya: Again, this is just my train of thought. I may in fact be completely wrong.
Toya: My goal is to make this musical as good as it can be by writing songs that fit seamlessly into Kusanagi's vision...
Toya: Which is why I'd like you to help me, Azusawa.
Toya: The rest of you as well.
Akito: Hm? Us?
Luka (VBS): Okay! You want us to listen as members of the audience, yes?
Toya: Yes, that's right.
An: Wait, Toya, I'm not about to let you hog all of them! You guys are gonna help me practice and listen to me sing too, right?
Miku (VBS): Of course. I'm actually really looking forward to that.
MEIKO (VBS): Me too. Feel free to practice here, even.
An: Awesome! But well, Toya has to actually write the song first!
Toya: Right.
Toya: I promise that it won't disappoint.
Toya: And I'll need your help to make that happen.
Everyone: Sure. Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Rehearsal Room]

Toya: Okay, we'll start playing the songs we wrote.
An: I can't wait to hear what they're like!
Airi: Yeah, me too!
Ichika: We'll begin with the street song Aoyagi wrote. Hit it, Saki.
Saki: Okay, here's the first song!
Rui: Wow...
Tsukasa: Oh, this is...!
(Black cut)
Toya: What did you all think?
Emu: I thought it was super duper amazingly good♪ I got really excited just listening to it☆
Tsukasa: I could especially feel the effort you put into the intro!
Rui: Yes, it doesn't immediately feel like a street song. You did an excellent job of making it fun and intriguing for the listener.
An: I had a really easy time imagining how I'm gonna sing it! I feel like I can throw everything I have into it!
Toya: Then...
Nene: Thank you for making this. I know I asked a lot of you, and I'd like to use this song as-is.
Saki: Congratulations, Toya!
Toya: Thank you very much!
Toya: (This wouldn't have been possible without the help of Saki and Hoshino. I also need to thank Azusawa and the others, who listened to it so many times...)
Saki: Alright, next, we have the pop song I wrote just for you, Airi.
(Black cut)
Toya: I'm very glad that all of our songs have been approved.
Saki: Me too♪ At the same time, it's kinda sad that we're already done writing songs for this.
Toya: I understand how you feel. All that's left is for us to make adjustments if the need arises.
Ichika: I can't relax just yet. I still have to work on playing my character.
Saki: Oh, right! The hard part might just be beginning for you, Ichi.
Toya: Certainly...
Toya: The other teams likely have a lot on their hands, so it may be good for us to go over and see how we can help.
Saki: Yeah, it could be fun to see what the other teams are doing and help them out♪
Toya: Akiyama from the costume design team is in my class, so perhaps I'll ask if there's anything I can do to help.
Saki: Then, I'll try asking the other teams to see if they need a hand!
Toya: We're not done yet, songwriters. Let's keep helping out until the end.
Ichika & Saki: Yeah! Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B]

Mizuki: ...which is why you're asking if there's anything you can do to help?
Toya: Right.
Toya: Is there anything I can do right this moment?
Mizuki: Yeah, tons! Especially the band's outfits, since we have to make enough for all of them.
Mizuki: I need you to put these pieces of fabric together using marking pins. 
Toya: I can handle that. I remember doing the same thing very well during class.
Mizuki: Thanks, you're a lifesaver!
Mizuki: Alright, while you get those ready, I'm gonna keep working on the costumes An and the others will be wearing.
Toya: Are these them?
Mizuki: Yup! I'm about to sew these buttons and jewels onto them♪
Toya: This costume... It looks like something you'd find in a store.
Toya: I know very little about fashion, but I can tell that it's been made with great care.
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. You've got a good eye. I do this as a hobby, but even I can make stuff like this if I really put my mind to it.
Toya: Yes, this is quite impressive.
Toya: I'm sure Shiraishi and the others are going to really enjoy wearing these on stage.
Mizuki: Whoa, slow down. You're gonna make me blush if you keep showering me with praise like that.
Mizuki: These are actually almost done, so you're probably gonna be the first to see them once they're fully finished.
Toya: That's quite an honor.
Toya: Alright, until then, I'll focus on the work you've set for me.
(Black cut)
