1020_Toya Aoyagi_R2 It's Invisible, But There (event_146)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO (VBS): Alright, thanks for waiting. Here's your blend.
Toya: Thank you very much. I'll have it now.
Toya: Your coffee really is delicious, MEIKO... I feel refreshed already.
MEIKO (VBS): I appreciate you saying that.
MEIKO (VBS): I heard that you all began taking English lessons. Sounds like quite a challenge...
Toya: Yes... We may be feeling a bit fatigued since we're still getting used to it, and we have a lot of assignments to complete.
Toya: But we need to do this if we're serious about performing overseas.
MEIKO (VBS): Yes, I can see that you're all doing your best.
Toya: We are. Oh, to change the subject...
Toya: This blend has a slightly different aroma to it.
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. You noticed? I'm impressed.
MEIKO (VBS): I tried making a more soothing blend that will help you all relax after a tough English lesson.
Toya: I see... That certainly explains this mellow taste.
MEIKO (VBS): I'm glad I did this since you have a talent for noticing subtle differences in flavor.
Toya: Subtle differences in flavor...?
MEIKO (VBS): Toya?
Toya: Oh, I'm sorry. What you said just reminded me of something...
Toya: It happened a few days ago...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kotaro: Thanks for agreeing to taste-test some of my coffee! I know things have been really busy for you lately.
Toya: No, that's not a problem. If anything, are you sure I'm the right person for this?
Kotaro: You're a Weekend Garage regular and love the coffee here, right? That makes you the perfect person to ask!
Kotaro: Ken gave me his seal of approval, but I don't want to serve anything that isn't top quality...
Toya: Mita...
Kotaro: This place also means a lot to me, so I plan on doing everything I can as the interim manager.
Kotaro: So, give me your honest opinion. Don't hold back.
Toya: Okay. Then, I'll do that...
Toya: This is good...
Kotaro: R-Really?!
Toya: Yes, there's a nice balance of sourness and bitterness. I also like the aroma.
Toya: This is remarkable, Mita. You must've practiced quite a lot.
Kotaro: Hehe. I did...! I'm super relieved to hear you say that.
Kotaro: Now I'm glad that I worked hard to achieve the same flavor as Ken.
Toya: The same flavor as Ken...?
Kotaro: Is something wrong?
Toya: No, it's just... This coffee is certainly good, and very close to what Ken used to make.
Toya: But if someone were to ask me if it's exactly the same, then... I'm sorry, I'm not sure how to put it...
Kotaro: I see... Yeah, you would be able to tell since you're a regular here.
Kotaro: Thanks, Toya! Would you mind taste-testing for me again after I've had a chance to practice more?
Toya: Of course. I'll be happy to help whenever.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO (VBS): I see... That really happened?
Toya: Yes. Mita appears to be working very hard to remain faithful to the recipes Ken taught him.
Toya: Then I began wondering why I was able to taste that difference. You could write that off by talking about experience and whatnot, but...
MEIKO (VBS): I see...
MEIKO (VBS): Then, why don't we put that to the test?
Toya: Huh?
(Black cut)
MEIKO (VBS): Here you are.
Toya: Two cups of coffee...?
MEIKO (VBS): I'd like for you to try both and tell me which one you prefer.
Toya: Understood.
Toya: Both are very good... But I think I prefer this one.
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. I had a feeling.
MEIKO (VBS): Actually, both cups of coffee were made using the same beans.
Toya: ...! Is that true? They did taste the same overall, but...
MEIKO (VBS): This one was brewed with KAITO in mind, and that one is yours.
MEIKO (VBS): Every person likes to have their coffee taste a certain way, yes? That's why I brew everyone's coffee differently.
MEIKO (VBS): It's incredible how small deviations in water temperature can lead to such varying results.
Toya: I see... I didn't realize you took such fine details into consideration.
Toya: (That certainly explains why her coffee is so good.)
Toya: (I mean, she brews it specifically with me in mind.)
Toya: Does that mean Ken did the same...?
MEIKO (VBS): Yes, I'm sure he did.
Toya: I see...
Toya: (Whether I was taking a break from practice or getting a breath of fresh air, I've always had access to good coffee...)
Toya: (I've been able to make it this far because Ken and MEIKO have given me so much kindness and support.)
Toya: Thank you very much, MEIKO.
Toya: I'll tell Mita about this. I'm sure he'll find it very helpful.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Toya's Room]

Toya: (“English Grammar Basics”, “2000 English Vocabulary Drills”, “Learn English With Rap”...)
Toya: (That makes ten books in total...)
Toya: (I borrowed all the study guides that caught my eye in the library...)
Toya: But now I need to figure out which are best for Akito.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: Sorry, Toya. I need to head straight back to class after I eat lunch today.
Toya: That's not a problem, but is everything okay?
Akito: Oh, I need to go over what we're gonna do today during our English lesson is all.
Akito: I mean, it'd be pretty bad if I fell behind immediately after starting, right?
Toya: Are you having trouble?
Akito: Yeah, a little.
Akito: I have no idea how long it's gonna take me to learn how to hold basic conversations in English, but I just gotta keep trying...
Toya: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (As his partner, I'd like to give him as much support as I can.)
Toya: (So, which study guide should I recommend to him...?)
Toya: These vocabulary drills? Expanding his vernacular should in theory help improve his speaking skills...
Toya: But grammar is also important. If we plan on performing overseas, then he'll need to understand subtle nuances in what people are saying.
Toya: Come to think of it, Akito's listening skills are also a cause for concern...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Crase Cafe]

Toya: (I've given it a lot of thought since then, but I still haven't been able to decide which one is the best choice...)
Toya: (I was going to give my head a rest by taking a quick break in SEKAI, but...)
Miku (VBS): Is something the matter, Toya? Your brow's all furrowed...
Toya: Hm? Oh... Yes, there is something on my mind.
Miku (VBS): There is?
Toya: So, I've been looking for a good English study guide to recommend to Akito. I've gathered quite a few...
Toya: But I don't know which to choose.
Toya: I think he needs to attain a good grasp of the basics first, but I'm not sure where he should start.
Toya: I want to provide Akito with the best tools for studying.
MEIKO (VBS): Which is why you have such a complicated expression on your face.
Toya: Yes...
Miku (VBS): It's like you're a parent worried about how your child is doing in school.
Toya: ...? I've never viewed Akito in that light before...
Toya: Akito is doing his best to learn, so I want to give him all the support I can as his partner.
Miku (VBS): I see. It's very like you to say that, Toya.
Miku (VBS): But I don't think you have anything to worry about if he is trying as hard as you say he is.
Toya: Huh?
MEIKO (VBS): I agree. Based on what you've told us, Akito's been working very hard on his own.
MEIKO (VBS): So, I think all you have to do is be ready to help him when he asks you for it.
Toya: When he asks...
Akito: Hey.
Toya: Akito?
Akito: Oh, Toya, I had a feeling that you'd be here.
Toya: Ah, were you looking for me?
Akito: Yeah, I have a question about my English homework. Are you free right now?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

MEIKO (VBS): So, I think all you have to do is be ready to help him when he asks you for it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Toya: (This may be that time...)
Toya: Thank you both very much.
Toya: Alright, Akito! Ask me anything.
Akito: You sound weirdly excited for some reason, but okay...
(Black cut)
