1062_Toya Aoyagi_R3 Taking On A New Challenge (event_153)

Gacha phrase: What an exhilarating experience...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shopping Mall]

Akito: And, there... That's basically how you get it into the biggest cup.
Toya: I see. Kendama is about using your knees to cushion the ball's fall.
Toya: Which is interesting, since those two things seemingly have nothing to do with one another. I doubt I would've ever arrived at this technique if you hadn't shown me.
Akito: Anyway, this is it as far as useful tricks go.
Toya: Okay. I'll try again using what you just showed me.
Toya: Fling the ball straight into the air... And use your knees to cushion it as it falls into the cup...
Toya: ...
Akito: Aren't you gonna do it?
Toya: First, I need to visualize.
Toya: I won't succeed unless I can picture the flow of events for myself.
Akito: Yeah, I don't think you need to go that far.
Akito: But it is like you to do this...
Toya: Okay, I have a clear picture. Here it goes.
Toya: Hm...?!
Akito: Oh, you were slightly off the cup.
Toya: Again...!
Toya: No...!
Akito: Hey, you were pretty close just now.
Toya: Unfortunately, the image I formed in my head wasn't complete.
Toya: I need to keep in mind what you told me to do and...!
Toya: I did it...
Akito: Nice. You got it into the biggest cup.
Toya: I didn't think it would take me so few tries. This is incredible...
Akito: Think you've got the hang of it?
Toya: I believe so. I'll try catching it in the two smaller cups next.
Toya: So, here goes nothing.
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Toya: Hup...!
Toya: Yes...!
Akito: Whoa. You can already get it into the smallest cup.
Toya: I'm just as surprised as you are. I've never been very good at ball sports. I wasn't expecting to improve this quickly...
Akito: I'm not sure this counts as a ball sport.
Toya: I wouldn't have been able to do this without you, Akito. So, thank you.
Akito: All I did was give you some advice. You were the one who actually made it happen.
Toya: But your advice was incredibly helpful.
Toya: All that remains is to land it on the prong, and then I'll be done. Would you mind showing me how to do that?
Akito: To be honest, I'm not very good at that. It usually takes me like ten tries to succeed.
Toya: I see. It must be very difficult if it gives even you that much trouble...
Akito: You're supposed to use the same technique, more or less.
Akito: But you need to fling the ball as straight into the air as you can in order to keep the hole steady. Once it's in the air, you move the prong underneath it.
Toya: In other words, you have to move the whole object underneath this tiny hole...
Toya: That sounds difficult. It's going to require quite a bit of hand-eye coordination...
Akito: I mean, the ones who know what to do make it look easy, but it's not like it's totally impossible.
Toya: Right. I'll just have to believe in myself here.
Toya: ...
Toya: (Focus on the ball. Fling it straight up into the air...)
Toya: (Quickly... But smoothly, move the prong underneath...)
Toya: Alright, here it goes...!
Toya: Hup!
Toya: I did it...! I did it, Akito! Did you see that?!
Akito: Whoa, that's awesome! You got it in one try!
Toya: What an incredible feeling...! My hands are shaking from all this exhilaration...!
Akito: Haha. Calm down, dude.
Akito: Anyway, what was your trick? Can you tell me how you did that just now?
Toya: Yes, of course.
Toya: I basically just followed your advice, but the most important thing was to...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shrine Grounds]

Toya: It doesn't seem all that crowded today.
Akito: Yeah, things are a lot calmer now. The line came all the way out to here when we visited the other day.
Kohane: Sorry for making you guys come here again.
An: I was with Kohane at PXL during New Year's Day, and didn't get a chance to visit a shrine after that.
Toya: Actually, I've been hoping that the four of us would be able to do a visit together.
Akito: Yeah, I don't have a problem with pumping ourselves up for the new year like this.
Toya: Yes, so let's go say our goals, and make this year a good one.
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Kohane: That ended up being a really smooth visit.
An: Yeah! Now that we're done, let's go draw some fortunes.
Toya: In that case, the shrine office is just over there. We've already drawn ours, so you two go on ahead.
An: Okay! Let's go see how lucky we are, Kohane!
Kohane: I'm a little nervous. I hope we get something good.
An: Hehe. We gotta start this year off on the right foot by drawing two great blessings!
Toya: (Come to think of it, they also carry lucky charms here.)
Toya: (Academics, family safety, greater luck, warding off bad luck...)
Toya: Oh...
Akito: Hm? What's up?
Toya: Ah, it's just...
Kohane: We've got our fortunes.
An: Hm? What's going on, Toya? Is something wrong?
Toya: Not wrong, but... I was just thinking about the charms.
Kohane: These charms?
Toya: I have to prepare myself mentally, you see.
Toya: It's obvious in retrospect, but in order to get to the United States, we'll have to fly in an airplane.
Akito, Kohane & An: *Gasp*
Toya: Statistically, there's no safer mode of transport... But fear appears to be overpowering any sort of logic...
Kohane: A-Aoyagi, you don't look so good...
An: W-well, it's normal to feel scared, since it's gonna take us up so high in the sky.
Kohane: I know. What if we got some seats with no windows adjacent? That should help, right? And in the event you are assigned a window seat, I'll swap with you, Aoyagi!
Akito: Honestly, I wouldn't worry. Remember what our fortunes said? They didn't say things would go wrong on our trip.
Toya: Yes, that's right...
An: See?! You'll be fine!
An: Anyway... Let's see what our fortunes have to say!
Kohane: O-Okay. I hope we don't get anything bad.
Kohane: What?! T-Terrible luck...?!
An: No way! You too, Kohane...?! That's also what I got...!
Akito: You've gotta be kidding me...
An: What are the odds of us both getting these...? That means we're starting this year off in the worst way imaginable!
Kohane: *Sob* It even says “avoid if possible” in the Trip section...
An: Huh? What does mine say...? Ugh, it just says “wait”!
Akito: Frankly, that's almost impressively bad.
Akito: Still, they're just pieces of paper, so I really don't think you need to take them...
Toya: We should get ourselves some protective charms.
Akito: Huh...?
An: I might get one for warding off bad luck...
Kohane: Oh, I'm thinking about getting one to boost my luck...
Akito: Y-You guys are taking this way too seriously...
(Black cut)
