1065_Toya Aoyagi_R4 On Foreign Streets (event_154)

Gacha phrase: All kinds of sounds greet me here.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[New York Academy of Music - Outside the dorm]

Toya: Good morning, Azusawa, Shiraishi.
Kohane: Morning, Aoyagi, Shinonome.
An: This dorm's beds are really nice! I basically fell asleep the second I lay down on mine.
Akito: I have a feeling that this place has better beds than any of the cheap hotels around here.
Toya: Yes, they were very comfortable.
Toya: Anyway, the cafeteria on campus that Mr. Lloyd told us about should be opening soon...
Kohane: Right. Let's go get some breakfast.
(Black cut)
Toya: Hm? A message?
Toya: Oh, it's from Shuji...
Akito: Speaking of which, you told him that we managed to meet up with Mr. Lloyd, right?
Toya: Yes, he replied just now.
Toya: (We ended up asking him for help just after arriving here, and he really saved us.)
Toya: (I'd like to thank him in a more direct manner... Actually, he just replied to my message, so does that mean I can call him now?)
Akito: We'll see you over at the cafeteria, Toya.
Toya: Huh...?
Kohane: Please give your brother our regards.
An: Yeah, let him know he's a lifesaver and we really appreciate what he did for us!
Toya: Yes, of course.
Toya: (They're all so considerate...)
Toya: (Anyway, I should first ask to see if he's free to talk right now...)
Toya: (We just spoke yesterday, but I'm a little anxious about calling him for some reason.)
Shuji: <Morning, Toya.>
Toya: Good morning, Shuji.
Toya: So, I really appreciate what you did for us yesterday. We were able to stay in one of the dorms thanks to you and Mr. Lloyd.
Shuji: <Yeah, he let me know already. How is your team doing? Good?>
Toya: Yes, we were all able to get a good night's rest. They all wanted me to thank you.
Shuji: <That's good to hear.>
Toya: I'm sorry. I know you're busy with your performance right now...
Shuji: <Don't worry about that. I'm the one who said to ask if you ever needed help, remember?>
Shuji: <If anything, I'm glad that you reached out to me. Not often I get a chance to help you like a big brother should.>
Shuji: <You know, Professor Lloyd said that you remind him of Dad.>
Toya: Oh, yes... He did say that to me as well.
Toya: Also, I haven't had much chance to ask about this yet, but he told us Dad spent six months studying at the New York Academy of Music as an exchange student...
Shuji: <Ah, that. He really does enjoy telling stories about Dad.>
Shuji: <To be fair, he was at Dad's wedding, so I have to think that they're really close friends.>
Toya: I see... That comes as a surprise. I'd only heard that they were classmates.
Shuji: <He'll probably tell you all about Dad if you keep asking him. Actually, he might not be able to stop once you get him going.>
Shuji: <Dad's friends with a lot of musicians in Europe and the United States.>
Shuji: <Every time I meet one of them, they ask, “What is Harumichi doing in Japan these days?” and, “When is he visiting here next?”>
Toya: ...
Shuji: <Surprised?>
Toya: Yes, I am...
Shuji: <Remember that trip to Europe we took as a family when we were little?>
Shuji: <This huge crowd of famous musicians gathered in the hotel we were staying at after word got out that Dad brought his entire family.>
Shuji: <Just as things were about to get totally out of hand, he told them to “get lost and go home”. The looks on those musicians' faces were priceless.>
Toya: Really...? I don't remember any of that.
Shuji: <To be fair, you were very little.>
Shuji: <Oh... I need to start getting ready soon.>
Shuji: <There are plenty more interesting stories about Dad, and Professor Lloyd knows many of them. You should ask him if you get the chance.>
Toya: Yes, I'll do that.
Shuji: <Toya...>
Shuji: <We won't be able to see each other this time around due to my performance, but let's try to meet in person soon.>
Toya: Yes, I'll be looking forward to seeing you.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[New York Academy of Music]

Student A: “Thanks, you guys! That was a really fun session!”
Toya: “No, thank you. This was a wonderful experience for us.”
Student Ｂ: “Uh oh... It's almost time for class.”
Student C: “Oh, you're right. Catch you guys later. You too, Professor Lloyd.”
Lloyd: “Hahaha. Your session was so compelling that you all had me on the edge of my seat.”
Lloyd: “Unfortunately, I also have to go teach class. So, if you'll excuse me.”
Toya: “Of course. And thank you for telling me those stories about my dad.”
Lloyd: “Of course, you're very welcome. Let's talk again sometime. And do take care.”
Kohane: “Thank you very much!”
An & Akito: “Thank you very much!” “Thank you very much.”
Toya: “Hm? Don't you have to get to class...?”
Student A: “I'm done for the day. My plan is to hang out for a while before going to work.”
Student A: “I know! There's a burger shop that the students here really love. Has anyone told you guys about it yet?”
An: “A burger shop?!”
Student A: “Yeah, want me to show you?”
An: Wait, did he just say he's gonna show us where it is?!
Toya: Yes. What do you all think?
An: Of course we're going! I wanna try a good old-fashioned American burger!
Akito: I could also go for one, after all the singing we just did.
Kohane: And we don't have anything planned after this.
Toya: Then, let's take this opportunity to ask him about other establishments that the students here like to visit.
An: Good idea! Especially since we've only been to that backstreet so far.
Akito: Then, let's ask him while we walk over to the burger shop.
Toya: Sounds good!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[New York Academy of Music - School Gate]

Kohane: It's getting pretty late.
An: But we got to see most of the places that guy recommended. And they were all really fun!
Akito: Anyway, let's head back to the dorm before it closes and... Hm?
Lloyd: “Hm? Are you all just returning?”
Toya: “Yes, we went to visit a few of the shops around here with one of the students as a guide.”
Kohane: “Are you on your way to somewhere, Mr. Lloyd?”
Lloyd: “Yes, one of my performing buddies is throwing a house party.”
Lloyd: “That reminds me! I was on the phone with Harumichi just now.”
Toya: “What...?”
Lloyd: “Don't worry. I didn't tell him about what happened at the hotel. If I had, I think things would quickly get out of hand.”
Lloyd: “If you do tell him at all, you'd rather tell him yourself, yes?”
Toya: “Thank you for being so considerate. So, how was my dad...?”
Lloyd: “Oh, it's still early in the morning over there, so he was pretty grouchy.”
Lloyd: “He'll grouse about it, but he'll always listen after you tell him that you need to talk to him about something. The more serious the better.”
Lloyd: “That part of him really hasn't changed.”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya: Dad...can we talk?
(White cut)
Toya: Please let me ask you again.
Toya: Tell me what you think of my song.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: What did Mr. Lloyd say just now?
Kohane: Umm... He said Aoyagi's dad will listen to what you have to say if you talk to him seriously.
Akito: Really...?
Lloyd: “He hung up after he said that his breakfast was ready. But I did tell him that you have quite a lot in common with him.”
Toya: “What did he say in response?”
Lloyd: “Hahaha. He said, ”I'm well aware“.”
Lloyd: “Anyway, I need to go. I hope you have another enjoyable night here!”
An: “Thank you!”
Akito: Man, my impression of your dad just keeps changing every time I hear Mr. Lloyd talk about him...
Toya: Yes, mine too...
Toya: Having someone else tell you about a family member like this feels a bit strange.
Toya: (But...)
Toya: (I'm looking forward to talking to Dad about all this someday.)
(Black cut)
