1116_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Wielding Our Weapons

Gacha phrase: I won't be going down without a fight.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi)

[ASTRO FES - Day 1]

[Ensemble Square - Studio]

Izumi: Alright. Now that the script for our show's done, let's start practicing, Aoyagi.
Izumi: Our joint performance is tomorrow. We can't afford to waste a second.
Toya: Agreed. I'm looking forward to working with you.
Izumi: I look forward to it as well. Though, I have a feeling we'll mostly be practicing independently.
Toya: I suppose so. We'll be playing characters from two rival musical groups, each of us a vocalist known for his charm and elegance.
Toya: And our roles require us to actually compete on the stage and demonstrate that elegance.
Izumi: Competing in elegance... I guess that's true.
Izumi: While I know I have the upper hand, don't expect me to go easy on you.
Toya: Of course. I'll be giving it my all to be a worthy challenge.
Toya: (Despite having said that... Sena is right.)
Toya: (He's an idol and a professional model based in Europe.)
Toya: (Also, I can tell just how much he has refined his singing and movements from watching Knights practice yesterday.)
Toya: (If I want to have a fighting chance in a battle of elegance, I'll need to brush up the quality of my performance by a substantial amount.)
Toya: (I need to do all that I can.)
Toya: ~~♪ ~~♪
Izumi: Hey, he can sing pretty good.
Izumi: However...
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Toya: ~~♪ ~~♪
Toya: Great. I think I have the song down.
Izumi: The singing, at least.
Toya: What...?
Izumi: Everything else was awful. I couldn't stand watching.
Toya: Would you mind elaborating...?
Izumi: First of all, you focused so much on the singing that you neglected your posture. I don't know about street music, but if you're going to perform on a stage, you'd best stand tall and present well. Got it?
Toya: U-Understood!
Izumi: Now let's talk about your body movement... Am I right to say you're just moving to the music in whatever way comes to mind?
Toya: Oh... Yes, you might be right.
Izumi: That's not good enough. The way you command your body is crucial for demonstrating elegance. Think about how you want to present yourself and move accordingly.
Toya: I see...
Toya: Thank you for the advice, Sena. I'll try that out.
Toya: (Presenting yourself in the way you want others to see you... Sena definitely fulfills his role through his body movement as well as his singing.)
Toya: (I think I'll try adding some hand gestures to start...)
Toya: ~~♪
Izumi: Stop, stop!
Toya: ...!
Izumi: Nothing's changed. Just moving your hands isn't going to solve the problem. Be aware of what you're doing, all the way to your fingertips.
Toya: I see... Understood!
Toya: How is this?
Izumi: *Nod* Better than before. But your movement is still awkward and doesn't look very elegant.
Izumi: Try to match the feeling of the song. Tone down the pace and flow through your movement.
Izumi: Like this.
Toya: ...!
Izumi: Understand? Don't break focus for a...
Izumi: What? What's with the blank face? Are you even listening?
Toya: Oh... My apologies. I was just in awe.
Toya: The movement is the same, and yet, you did it so gracefully. It looked completely different from how I did it. As expected of a professional model.
Izumi: Is that so? Well, this is my forte, after all.
Izumi: Also, that's what's required for our roles. As a professional, I wouldn't settle for anything of lesser quality.
Izumi: Actually, no. This applies to everyone, regardless. Anyone who stands on stage is a performer.
Toya: You're right. I would also like to perform my role as well as you, Sena.
Izumi: Good. That's an excellent attitude to have.
Toya: Also, you're a very kind and helpful person, Sena.
Izumi: What? You think I'm kind?
Toya: Even though I'm supposed to be your rival, you still gave me advice. It was very easy to follow, and I learned a lot.
Izumi: Hold up. I didn't do it for the compliments, you know?
Izumi: My performance would seem like nothing special if I didn't have a worthy opponent. So this was all for my own benefit.
Toya: I see. Then, I'll be doing my best to be as good as you.
Izumi: R-Right... Good luck.
Izumi: (Something about him throws me off.)
Izumi: (Although, I can't say that I dislike actually getting compliments and being listened to.)
Izumi: (As for my juniors... It'd be nice if Kasa and the others could learn from Aoyagi's honesty.)
Izumi: Just FYI, I don't bother giving pointers to those without potential.
Izumi: Think you can meet my expectations, Aoyagi?
Toya: ...! Yes, I will!
Izumi: Alright, now that we've gotten our individual parts down, let's practice together. It'd be better to go over the flow of the actual performance, no?
Toya: Understood. Sounds like a plan.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[ASTRO FES - Day 2]

[ASTRO FES Stage]

Toya: (With this much energy, it doesn't seem like just a rehearsal.)
Toya: (Everyone is taking their performance seriously and battling it out with their rival on stage.)
Toya: (Also... They're all on par in terms of skill, which makes for a great show to watch.)
Toya: (Sena and I are next. It'll be a showdown of elegance.)
Toya: (I don't know if I'll be a match for Sena in that department... But I need to demonstrate the fruits of my labor and keep this momentum going with all that I have.)
Izumi: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Green Room]

Toya: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya & Izumi: ~~♪ ~~♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: ...
Toya: (After that full run-through, I realize now.)
Toya: (At this rate, there is no way I can match Sena's caliber of movement.)
Toya: (However... There's still time until the performance. Even if it's last-minute, I need to increase the quality of my performance!)
Toya: ~~♪ ~~♪
Len (VBS): <Wow! What a beautiful song!>
Toya: ...! Len, KAITO.
Len (VBS): <Hehehe. We got too excited for your performance with those idols and came over to see how you're doing!>
KAITO (VBS): <Will you be performing that song you were doing just now? It's different from what you usually sing, but I like it. And like Len said, you sang that so beautifully.>
Toya: Thank you.
Toya: But... It's still not good enough.
KAITO (VBS): <What?>
Toya: On stage, my performance partner and I will be competing as two vocalists known for their elegance and charm.
Toya: And my opponent, Sena... His command over his body is the epitome of grace.
Toya: Which is why I need to refine my movement to the same level if I want to stand a chance against him...
KAITO (VBS): <I see...>
Len (VBS): <Hmm... But, Toya. You—>
Izumi: Aoyagi.
Toya: ...! Sena.
Izumi: Were you practicing in here?
Toya: Yes... I feel that I'm still nowhere near achieving the same level of elegance as you.
Toya: I'm sorry. Especially after you took the time to give me so much advice yesterday...
Izumi: *Sigh*
Izumi: I noticed this yesterday, but you're overthinking it.
Izumi: Did you seriously think you could compete with me in the field of elegance?
Toya: I...
Toya: You make a good point. I suppose it was rude of me to think I would be able to be on par with you.
Izumi: That's not what I'm getting at.
Izumi: I'm saying that we have different strengths.
Toya: Strengths...?
Izumi: Your command over your body has noticeably improved. However, that's not going to be enough when I've spent years refining that myself.
Izumi: Which means, you need a different way to have a fighting chance.
Izumi: I know what my strengths are, and I'm doing what I can to maximize them. Shouldn't you be doing the same?
Toya: (Sena is right.)
Toya: (I was overwhelmed by his level of skill, and it made me panic at how much I needed to do to close that gap.)
Toya: (But...)
Toya: That's true. I have my ability to sing.
Toya: Actually, some people told me just before that I sang beautifully.
Toya: In my role as a charming, elegant vocalist, I will compete with my singing.
Izumi: Alright. Sounds good.
Izumi: But, I have no intention of losing in that field either.
Toya: Actually... Sena. If you don't mind, could we practice the song once more?
Izumi: Sure. I have a few things I want to go over too.
Toya: Thank you. Then, I will start!
Toya: ~~♪ ~~♪
Izumi: (It's clean and carefree... This is Aoyagi's strength.)
Izumi: (Looks like he knows what he needs to do now.)
Izumi: (After giving him all that advice, I can't have him cracking under pressure during the performance...)
Izumi: And I'm not holding back.
Izumi: ~~♪ ~~♪
Toya & Izumi: ~~♪ ~~♪
(Background change)
KAITO (VBS): <Looks like Toya has a great rival for this joint performance.>
Len (VBS): <Yeah! I can't wait to see them on stage.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later - Before the show]

[Backstage]

Toya: Thank you very much, Sena. Because of your help, I'm confident that I'll be able to perform well.
Izumi: That's good to hear. I have high expectations for you in your supporting role.
Toya: Of course. However, I have no intention of simply playing a supporting role.
Izumi: Hahaha. I'd say you're cocky, but I suppose a rival worthy of me should have that level of confidence.
Toya: Let's put on a great performance.
Izumi: Yeah.
(Black cut)
