1154_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Tracing Brilliant Memories (event_163)

Gacha phrase: They're precious, unforgettable memories.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome)

[Hotel - Cafe Entrance]

Akito: Hey. You looking at something on your phone?
Toya: Good morning, Akito.
Toya: I just received a message from my brother.
Akito: Your brother? The one who introduced us to Mr. Lloyd?
Toya: No, not Shuji. My oldest brother, Natsuomi.
Akito: Huh...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Natsuomi's Message: <Shuji told me that you're over in the US.>
Natsuomi's Message: <I was hoping that we could talk, but I unfortunately haven't been able to find the time. I want to tell you at least this.>
Natsuomi's Message: <Toya. Few have the privilege of leading lives free of regret. You could probably say that no such people exist.>
Natsuomi's Message: <However, at the very least, I'm hoping that you're able to pursue your dream with your friends without any regrets.>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: Really...? Your oldest brother gave you his blessing?
Toya: Yes...
Akito: That's great.
Akito: You told me you guys weren't really close because he's so much older than you, so I pictured someone like your dad...
Akito: But he seems sympathetic about how you feel.
Toya: Yes.
Toya: In retrospect, we likely became distant because I was subconsciously trying to get away from him.
Toya: Just as I wanted to avoid my dad...
Akito: Yeah, I know that was a tough time for you, but you're doing pretty well for yourself now. That includes how things are between you, your dad and your brothers.
Akito: I mean, my family's sort of the same. But I don't think you've actually met my dad yet.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: I don't know much about your dad... But your sister seems very caring.
Akito: Caring? Her?
Akito: Anyway, moving on...
Akito: You're doing really well. Especially when it comes to your dad.
Toya: Yes, I suppose I am.
Akito: No, don't suppose. You are.
Akito: Because you were able to work up the courage to actually face him, you know how he really feels now.
Toya: Yes, that's true... I am glad that I know now.
Toya: He was simply trying to do what he could to ensure my happiness.
Akito: Come to think of it, when we first teamed up, I remember becoming really irritated every time your dad came up.
Akito: Because I couldn't figure out why he wasn't letting his son do what he wanted.
Toya: Yes, I remember... You used to get very angry each time.
Akito: That's because you refused to get mad.
Akito: Just so you know, the look of hopelessness on your face also bugged me.
Akito: I honestly thought that you should try to get your way by using whatever means necessary, even if you had to punch him in the face.
Toya: I see. My hand hurts just thinking about that.
Akito: Obviously, you'd never actually hit your dad or anything...
Akito: But in another world, I might've ended up barging into your house to give him a piece of my mind.
Toya: Yes, that's certainly a possibility.
Toya: However, if that did happen, then that would've likely been it for us.
Toya: After all, my dad did keep saying that you were a bad influence on me.
Akito: Wait, I was the problem?
Toya: Of course, I tried to convince him otherwise, but he refused to budge.
Toya: (Back then, the way he belittled Akito irritated me so much that I tried arguing back...)
Toya: (But now, we can laugh about it.)
Toya: (Because I was able to face him, tell him how I feel and blaze my own trail.)
Toya: (Which is nice.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

Toya: Thank you both for agreeing to practice with me today, MEIKO, KAITO.
MEIKO & KAITO: You're welcome.
MEIKO (VBS): The others may also be done practicing and making their way over to the cafe.
MEIKO (VBS): So, I'll be excusing myself here. See you two in a little bit.
Toya: Okay, see you.
KAITO (VBS): Then, why don't we take the scenic route back?
Toya: That sounds good.
Toya: Oh, in that case, would you like to head over to the plaza?
KAITO (VBS): The plaza? Sure, but why?
Toya: I'd like to check up on the tree.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: Oh, hey! Look over there!
Kohane: Wow...!
Kohane: The tree's even bigger now...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO (VBS): Right. I can certainly understand why you'd like to make sure it's doing okay.
KAITO (VBS): After all, it's only natural to worry about something your feelings created!
Toya: Thank you. I feel that we should make sure it's doing okay since it just underwent a tremendous growth spurt.
KAITO (VBS): ...
Toya: KAITO?
KAITO (VBS): Ahem! I'm all for that, Toya!
KAITO (VBS): So, let's go! Right now!
Toya: Okay.
Toya: Ever since we came into contact with those black fragments, I keep thinking...
Toya: What if things went differently that day?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: What do your true feelings tell you right now? Do you really not want to do this with me anymore?!
Akito: Is there no part of you that wants to get up on that stage with me?! If there is, then somewhere in there you must have the same dream of surpassing RAD WEEKEND that I have!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: What if we hadn't told each other how we actually felt?
Toya: What if that nightmare were real, and this were all a dream?
KAITO (VBS): Hmm... That's a difficult one to unravel.
KAITO (VBS): But you managed to wake up from that terrible dream, so I wouldn't worry too much about any what ifs.
Toya: Yes, you're right.
Toya: But I feel a little too lucky right now... I fear that I'm going to wake up and realize that this was all a dream.
KAITO (VBS): I see.
KAITO (VBS): Stop right there for me, Toya. Now, turn your back towards me.
Toya: Huh? Like this...?
KAITO (VBS): Yes! Just like that, and...
Toya: ...? Oh, are you...?
KAITO (VBS): Hehe. I'm going to be your alarm!
KAITO (VBS): Good morning, Toya!
Toya: Oh...
KAITO (VBS): Whenever you feel that this is all a big dream, Toya, then come talk to me. I'll be there to wake you up.
KAITO (VBS): By slapping your back and saying, “Good morning!”
KAITO (VBS): So, let's try to enjoy the present!
Toya: The present...
KAITO (VBS): That's right! The future starts with the present, does it not?
KAITO (VBS): Which is why I believe it's important to enjoy the present. The more fun you have now, the brighter your future will be!
KAITO (VBS): However, based on your personality, you'll also need to keep reminding yourself about how you truly feel from time to time.
Toya: How I truly feel...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: ...!
KAITO (VBS): Oh, did that ring a bell?
Toya: Yes... I just remembered something very important.
Toya: During that dream, I think I heard all your voices...
KAITO (VBS): You did?! You heard us calling your name?!
KAITO (VBS): We actually kept shouting your names the whole time to try and get you all to wake up.
Toya: ...! I had no idea.
KAITO (VBS): Hehe. Now you know. Rin and Len shouted so much, I thought they were going to lose their voices.
KAITO (VBS): You should go thank them later. I'm sure they'll really appreciate it.
Toya: Yes, I'll do just that!
(Black cut)
