1179_Toya Aoyagi_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Gacha phrase: Each memory is precious to me.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Toya: Today's coffee was delicious as always. Thank you very much.
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
KAITO (VBS): Toya, it's your birthday soon, isn't it? Are you having a party with everyone?
Toya: We haven't had the time to discuss it, really.
An: We do plan to have a party! But our hotel rooms are pretty cramped, after all, so we're a bit stuck on what to do.
Akito: It feels like it'd be a challenge to get a reservation somewhere, too. No guarantee we'd make ourselves understood to the employees.
Rin (VBS): Well hey, why not hold it in SEKAI then? We'd love to celebrate with you too!
Toya: Thank you. If the others are okay with it, I see no issue with that idea.
An: Okay, sure! Also, you don't have to worry about us. It's your birthday, so we should do what you want to do.
Kohane: Let us know if there's anything you'd like to do for the party.
Toya: Anything I'd like to do...
KAITO (VBS): Anything you can think of, we'll be happy to help!
MEIKO (VBS): It's your special day, after all. Just let us know.
Toya: In that case, I'd enjoy trying a vacuum coffee maker.
Kohane: Vacuum?
MEIKO (VBS): It's a kind of coffee maker that uses glass vessels to brew.
Luka (VBS): Oh, is that that thing I see KAITO using sometimes?
KAITO (VBS): That's right. It makes an extra-fragrant brew, and the actual brewing process feels like a science experiment, so it's fun too.
KAITO (VBS): I could teach you about it if you like. Want to try together?
Toya: Yes, please.
MEIKO (VBS): I'm sure you'll do great. But what made you want to try it out in the first place?
Toya: I recently bought some good beans at a coffee shop in the US.
Toya: The employee there told me that these beans have an especially fine aroma, so I should use them with a vacuum coffee maker.
KAITO (VBS): Wow, that's definitely exciting! I'd love to smell them for myself.
Len (VBS): Hey, don't forget it's Toya's special day, not yours!
KAITO (VBS): Hahaha, I know.
Miku (VBS): So if KAITO's handling the coffee side of things... What can the rest of us do?
An: Hmm...
An: I know! Why don't we make some snacks that'll go well with coffee? Like cookies!
Akito: Sounds good to me. Toya does like them.
Toya: Are you sure? I don't want you all to feel obligated, but it would make me very happy.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. I'll really put some elbow grease into them, so look forward to it.
An: Oh, um... Yeah! Let's do our best together, Miku!
Len (VBS): Alright! We'll make the best cookies ever!
An, Kohane & Rin: Yeah!
Toya: Thank you, everyone. I'll do my best to brew delicious coffee for us all, too.
Toya: (I would be satisfied just spending my birthday with everyone... But it seems like it'll be an especially enjoyable day.)
(Black cut)

[Several days later]

[Toya's birthday]

MEIKO (VBS): As a practice run, why don't you try making three cups first?
Toya: Right.
KAITO (VBS): First, put three cups of water in the carafe and set it.
Toya: Alright. Now I turn on the flame and set it to boil, yes?
KAITO (VBS): That's right. You can use this chain attached to the top container to see if it's boiling.
KAITO (VBS): Place the container like so, with the chain inside the carafe, and...
Toya: Ah, the chain is starting to bob around.
MEIKO (VBS): When you see bubbles running up the chain, that's the sign it's boiling.
Toya: I see... That's fascinating.
MEIKO (VBS): Now we put the ground coffee in the top container, use it to seal the carafe, and...
Toya: Oh, look at that. The boiling water is traveling up the container's spout.
Toya: It really does feel like a science experiment.
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. This is one of the best parts of making coffee this way.
MEIKO (VBS): Now all you have to do is use this wooden spatula to press the grounds into the water and mix them around.
Toya: It takes less work than I had imagined. And the air is already full of the refreshing scent of coffee. I can't wait to taste it.
KAITO (VBS): We'll have cookies, too! I wonder how everyone's doing?
Kohane: An, is this enough mixing for the wet ingredients?
An: Perfect! Hand that over to Miku and the others so they can start mixing in the flour.
Kohane: Okay, got it!
Toya: It seems to be going well. Shiraishi has overall command, and the others have split up their duties.
MEIKO (VBS): Okay. I think we can rest easy—
Rin (VBS): Miku, we got the cookie stuff from Kohane!
Miku (VBS): Alright. I'll sift in the flour, so you do the mixing.
Rin (VBS): A-Are you sure? Want me to do it?
Miku (VBS): Don't worry about it. I've actually read up on it this time.
Rin (VBS): Huh?
Miku (VBS): If you overmix cookie dough, it affects the texture. So...
Miku (VBS): We're aiming for as little mixing as possible. Which means the flour is going in all at once.
Rin (VBS): All at once...?
Miku (VBS): Ready? Here goes.
Rin (VBS): Whoa! Ah... Aah... Ah-choo!
An: Wow, look at that cloud of flour...
Len (VBS): Looks like we won't have any dough ready to wrap for resting anytime soon.
Akito: Nope. For now, let's clean up this flour.
Luka (VBS): Right. Let's break out the brooms!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[A few hours later]

[Crase Cafe]

An: Do you all have your cookies and drinks?
Len (VBS): Yeah! All set!
An: Okay! Without further ado...
An: Happy birthday, Toya!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Toya: Thank you, everyone. You made so many cookies... They look delicious.
Luka (VBS): The coffee you made for us smells great, too! And it's poured right from the carafe, too! How classy.
Toya: That's right. Part of the appeal of a vacuum coffee maker is in its presentation, after all, so I'm glad you like it.
(Black cut)
Len (VBS): Try a cookie too, Toya! I made the star-shaped ones myself.
Toya: Oh, don't mind if I do.
Rin (VBS): Hey, Len, that's not fair! Toya, try my musical note cookies too!
Toya: I will. You made them in so many different shapes.
Kohane: MEIKO let us use her collection of cookie cutters.
An: It was a lot of fun using them all together!
Toya: It really is a nice feeling, sharing coffee and snacks with everyone.
Akito: Yeah, it's not bad once in a while. Though this isn't all we've got planned either.
Toya: Huh? What do you mean?
Rin (VBS): Ahem! Attention, please! It's time to begin today's entertainment!
Rin (VBS): I present to you... The SEKAI Trivia Tournament!
Toya: Trivia tournament...
An: Alright, I'll start by explaining the rules!
An: There will be a total of 13 questions! We'll go round-robin on announcing each question.
Kohane: Write your answers down on these whiteboards. We have a special prize ready for whoever gets the most questions right.
Toya: I see. I am fairly confident in my trivia knowledge, so I intend to win here.
Akito: Well, look who's confident. We're not holding back just because it's your birthday.
Toya: Nor would I want you to.
Rin (VBS): Okay, I'll start us off! Let's see who gets this one right!
Rin (VBS): Which genre of music, born in the United States, combines the rhythms of swing with improvisation?
Len (VBS): Oh, I know this one!
KAITO (VBS): “The rhythms of swing” is a big hint.
Rin (VBS): Okay, everyone's done writing! The answer is...
Rin (VBS): Jazz! Was it a little too easy, maybe?
Akito: Just right for the first question, right?
Toya: I think so too. And the connection to the United States was appreciated, too.
Len (VBS): Okay, my turn! Mine's pretty hard, so everyone be ready.
(Black cut)
Kohane: Hmm, it looks like Miku is in the lead right now.
Miku (VBS): I have seven points, and next is Toya with five, I think.
Toya: Len's trick question tripped me up. I couldn't help but overthink it.
Miku (VBS): Sorry, Toya. Looks like I'm winning the crown today.
Toya: There are still three questions left. I haven't given up just yet.
An: The battle is heating up. Just in time for a very important announcement!
An: This just in: These last three questions will be special questions!
Toya: Special questions?
An: You'll find out what's so special about them at the answers! Kohane, take it away?
Kohane: Okay! Special question number one!
Kohane: What are the named roles in musical theatre called?
Toya: (The named roles in musical theatre...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (I recall hearing about this from Kusanagi during Shibu Schools Fest...)
Miku (VBS): Hmm, I don't know if I know this one.
Kohane: It's a pretty hard one.
Kohane: Um, it looks like everyone's finished writing. So, the correct answer will be read by... A special guest!
Toya: Hm...?
(Background change)
Saki: <We'll be the ones announcing the correct answer! Go for it, Nene!>
Nene: <Um, the answer is 'principal role'. Did everyone get it right?>
Saki: <Did you get it? And also! Toya! Happy birthday!!!>
Ichika: <Happy birthday. You're in the United States right now, right? When you get back, I'd love to talk to you about composing again.>
Nene: <I'd be interested to hear about the US, myself. I have a present for you too, so I'll give it to you when you get back.>
Saki: <This has been your special guests! Keep on battling for the high score!>
(Background change)
Toya: Saki... And Hoshino and Kusanagi, too...
An: Kohane asked them for a trivia question and a special video for you. Pretty surprising, right?
Toya: It certainly was. I didn't expect to receive a video message...
Kohane: We have more special questions too. While you're thinking of the answers, try to guess who they're from!
Kohane: The next question is... What photography technique involves intentionally loosening the focus to create blur?
Toya: Photography...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (Could it be...?)
An: Looks like everyone's done. This answer is brought to you by...!
(Background change)
Haruka: <The correct answer is 'soft focus'. I believe that's the technique Kohane used when she took those modeling photos of Aoyagi.>
Ena: <It was probably pretty simple if you know your cameras... What did everyone think?>
Ena: <Also... Happy birthday, Toya!>
Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Shizuku: <I'm so glad we can send you our best wishes even when you're so far away. I hope your birthday has been lovely.>
Airi: <I know you're in the US studying for your music career, but you can take it easy for today, at least. See you again sometime!>
(Background change)
An: And that was from Haruka and friends! Who got it right... Just Toya!
Toya: It's all thanks to Azusawa telling me during the shoot.
Miku (VBS): That ties the rankings, I think. Is the next question the last one?
Kohane: That's right. So whoever gets it right is the winner.
An: Okay, the final question! Trumpets can have various coatings. Which lacquer produces the most powerful sound?
Len (VBS): Trumpets, huh? That reminds me of when Toya helped with that instrument event and practiced with one.
Toya: That was just with the mouthpiece, really. To think that experience would serve me now...
Toya: (Hm, no, these questions are likely...)
An: Everyone done? Okay, here's the answer!
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Heya, Toya♪ Enjoying your birthday party?>
Mizuki: <Here's the answer for this one, from the two who thought it up!>
Kanade: <Um, the correct answer is gold lacquer.>
Mafuyu: <This one was a little hard, so we included a hint in there. Did everyone get it?>
Mizuki: <I sure didn't! But if you think about the colors, then you could make an educated guess, so it's a pretty solid question!>
Mizuki: <Anyway, once again! Happy birthday, Toya♪>
Kanade: <Happy birthday. I hope it's a good one.>
(Background change)
An: The last question was from Mizuki and friends! Toya and Rin got it right, and so did Len and Luka. Which means...
An: The winner of the SEKAI Trivia Tournament is... Toya Aoyagi!
Kohane: Congratulations, Aoyagi! And here's your prize!
Toya: This is...a wristband?
An: That's right! You can wear it during shows, and it's understated enough to wear in daily life too, right?
Toya: It is. Thank you very much. I'll take good care of it.
Miku (VBS): Congrats, Toya. I was so close...but you beat me fair and square.
Toya: Actually, those special questions...
Toya: No, never mind. Thank you all very much.
An: Hehe, you're very welcome!
Toya: (Having so many people send me their well-wishes... I truly am fortunate.)
Toya: (And thinking back, I've made memories with so many people.)
Toya: (Each one is precious to me.)
Toya: (I want to continue treasuring the connections I build with people... And the memories I make with them.)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000451/bg_s000451.webp)
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Toya! Are you enjoying your American birthday?
Emu: Japan and America are really far apart from each other... But I'm sending happy happy birthday waves all the way there to you!
Rui: I wanted to celebrate with a super-long-range birthday cannon as well, but sadly, the technology is only theoretical at this stage.
Rui: To make up for it, we'll welcome you home with a truly fantastical spectacle.
Tsukasa: That's right! We'll merge your welcome home party with your belated birthday bash! We'll have a special show waiting for you too, so look forward to it!
Mizuki: Happy birthday again, Toya! Did you solve the question we...by which I mean Kanade and Mafuyu, came up with?
Mafuyu: You seemed very knowledgeable about trumpets, so maybe it was a little too simple in the end.
Kanade: I only helped with that one question... But I hope you had fun with the game.
Mizuki: We've got presents for you when you get back! Enjoy the rest of your stay in the US with everyone!
Haruka: Happy birthday, Aoyagi. Given the occasion, I thought a question related to a memory we shared would be best. How did you like it?
Ena: Your photos really turned out great that day, Toya. You, Azusawa and Kiritani worked so well together.
Shizuku: The bond you share with Kohane truly came through in the photo as well.
Airi: Let's have another group photoshoot someday. We don't even have to be rivals this time, either.
Ena: Oh, yeah. That might be fun.
Ena: Happy birthday again, Toya. Keep on doing your best out there with Akito and the others!
Nene: Happy birthday, Aoyagi. It's a strange feeling, sending a video message to a friend all the way in the United States.
Ichika: You're over there to see the real thing when it comes to your style of music, right? I'm sure being around all those people will be an amazing experience.
Saki: Yeah! It makes me want to do more for us, too!
Saki: Toya! When you get home, let's compose together again! And go out for food with Tsukasa! Hehehe, I have so many fun plans ready!
Kohane: It looked like you really enjoyed the trivia contest. It was fun having all of us write messages on your new wristband, too.
An: Yeah! I think you did sort of see through our special question idea, though.
Akito: That's what happens when you ask people for questions specifically based on their memories with Toya. Still, it made for a good look back, I bet.
Kohane: I think so too. It makes me want to think of trivia questions based around our memories, too.
An: That's fun! I really wanna make some super hard questions, ones Toya might be right on the edge of forgetting about!
Akito: I can't decide where to start. There's too much to pick from.
Akito: Anyway, happy birthday, Toya. Let's keep on getting up on stage, building up our experience... And someday, stand on top of the world.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toya: Today was so much fun. I got to try my hand at a vacuum coffee maker, and the cookies everyone made were delicious.
Toya: I didn't expect them to come up with a game just for me. I'll have to send my thanks to the special question guests, too.
Toya: And to all of you who sent me happy wishes for today, thank you.
Toya: My team and I will keep on chasing our dream.
Toya: And I promise to keep on bringing you the greatest music I can.
(Black cut)
