1181_Toya Aoyagi_R4 Delicious Cultural Exposure (event_169)

Gacha phrase: So this is an authentic corn dog.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Flea Market]

Toya: They have more food trucks lined up over here.
Akito: Oh? Hey, they've got a big selection. Birria, lobster rolls and... How do you read this? Souvlaki?
Kohane: I've never heard of a lot of these foods before...
An: I can imagine what lobster rolls involve, but I honestly have no idea what birria and souvlaki are.
Toya: They're not things you see very often in Japan.
Slade: Souvlaki's a type of meat that's grilled on a skewer. They serve it with this yogurt sauce called tzatziki.
An: Wait, yogurt sauce?
Akito: We grill all sorts of meat on skewers in Japan, but we usually use soy marinade and stuff...
Kohane: I'm curious as to what it tastes like.
An: Then, what about birria?
Cedric: It's a type of stew that's made using chilis and herbs. People get hooked on the spiciness and flavor of the meat.
Slade: You eat it by dipping tortillas in it, and it's amazing! I bet you guys would love it!
Toya: I see. That does sound good.
Toya: Since we're here, why don't we give it a try?
An: Yeah. A few other things caught my eye, but...
An: Huh...?
Toya: Is something wrong?
An: No, I just noticed that they're selling American dogs over there...
An: But they're calling them something else.
Kohane: You're right. Let's see... It says “corn dogs”.
Toya: Yes, that's what they're called over here.
Toya: It seems it's because they use cornmeal... A flour made using crushed corn.
Slade: Hey, you know your stuff, Toya!
Toya: I learned about it during one of my previous visits overseas.
Kohane: Corn flour... Aren't they made using wheat flour in Japan?
Akito: So, these ones taste a bit different?
Toya: That's certainly a possibility.
Toya: Still, it's interesting how the same food can be prepared differently depending on the country you're in.
An: We've been hit by surprises left and right since coming here! For example, the size of the hamburgers!
Toya: Yes, and that also applies to music.
An: Oh, are you talking about the alleyway behind the academy?
Toya: It was very similar to Vivid Street, but different types of music were being played there.
Akito: Yeah, everything from classical to pop.
Kohane: People were even playing traditional folk music. I'd never heard anyone put on that kind of street performance before.
Toya: Me neither. It's nice that we're getting to experience these differences in culture firsthand.
Toya: Even small discoveries, like the names of food, help us better ourselves and enrich our perspectives.
Cedric: Wow...
Cedric: That's an interesting way to approach visiting another country. It's actually kind of cool.
Slade: Didn't expect we'd hit on something so profound when this all started with corn dogs, though!
Slade: Or wait, is this one of those cultural differences too?
Akito: No, this is more Toya culture than Japanese culture...
Kohane: Hehe. He's just like that.
Toya: Anyway, I digress... Since we're here, why don't we have ourselves some corn dogs?
Toya: I believe tasting the difference for ourselves is the best solution.
An: Oh, I'm in! I really wanna have one now!
Kohane: Me too. I can't wait to see what they taste like.
Toya: Then, let's go buy some.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Flea Market]

Toya: ...
Akito: Pretty cool sneaker shop over there.
Akito: They've got a lot of brands that you don't see back in Japan. Find anything interesting on your end?
Toya: Yes, but I'm having some trouble choosing.
Akito: Hm...? Wait, you're looking at tableware?
Toya: This is apparently what you normally find in your standard American diner.
Akito: Oh, now that you mention it, I was wondering why these looked so familiar.
Akito: Like these dishes with the lines around the edges. Oh, and these mugs.
Toya: They all have a uniquely American feel to them.
Akito: And they're surprisingly cheap.
Toya: They were apparently rotated out for newer stock, which is why they're being offered at a special discount right now.
Akito: You don't say. Still, I'm surprised. I didn't realize you were interested in this kind of stuff.
Toya: Not exactly...
???: <Look at those cups! They seem so fancy!>
???: <Luka, wait. You're going to stick out like a sore thumb.>
Akito: Hm?
Toya: That sounded like...
Luka (VBS): <Haha. I'm sorry.>
MEIKO (VBS): <We apologize for interrupting your shopping.>
Toya: Not at all. Anyway, what brings you two here?
Luka (VBS): <We were curious about the flea market. So, we decided to come take a look.>
MEIKO (VBS): <We were trying to be discreet... Is it okay for us to stay?>
Toya: Umm...
Toya: Yes, you can stay.
Luka (VBS): <Great! Don't mind us, then!>
MEIKO (VBS): <We've actually been taking peeks here and there for a little while now. I can't believe how many shops they have here.>
Luka (VBS): <Right? It's so exciting! And just look at these stylish dishes!>
MEIKO (VBS): <I agree. Colorful dishes like these might even make the food at the cafe taste more delicious.>
Toya: Is there anything in particular that you like?
Luka (VBS): <Hmm... Oh, I really like these mugs! They're so cute and colorful!>
Luka (VBS): <Blue, red and yellow... Seeing them all lined up like this is so much fun!>
Toya: Yes, vivid colors such as these can have an uplifting effect.
MEIKO (VBS): <I think my favorite are these divided lunch plates, because of their simple design.>
MEIKO (VBS): <These subdued colors should help the food on them stand out. And these partitions allow you to serve several things all at once without the flavors running together. As such, they seem very practical.>
Toya: Yes, they do seem rather versatile.
Luka (VBS): <Oh, I also really like those over there...>
(Black cut)
MEIKO (VBS): <Thank you for letting us look at tableware with the both of you. We had a lot of fun.>
Luka (VBS): <We hardly ever get these kinds of opportunities. I enjoyed getting to see things up close!>
Toya: I'm also glad that you two had a chance to join us.
An: Hey, Toya, Akito!
Akito: Hm? They're calling for us.
MEIKO (VBS): <Then, we'll excuse ourselves here.>
Luka (VBS): <This was a lot of fun! See you later!>
Toya: Okay, see you.
An: Let's go over that way next, you guys. Slade and Cedric said there's a shop that they really recommend!
Toya: Alright, we'll head over once we've finished making our purchases over here.
An: Okay! Then, we'll meet you guys there.
Akito: You're going to buy something here?
Toya: Yes, I'm thinking about buying some things for everyone in SEKAI.
Toya: Luka and MEIKO both showed great interest, after all. And I had been thinking I'd like to thank them somehow.
Toya: Even while we're here in the US, they've been taking the time to come talk to us and watch us practice.
Akito: Ah, that's why you were looking at dishes and stuff.
Toya: Something they can use at the cafe would be good, no?
Akito: Right. But are you sure about buying everything now?
Akito: I don't think it's a good idea to take a bunch of fragile things to a music event.
Toya: Oh...
Toya: You're right. I'll have to take everything over to SEKAI the next chance I get.
(Black cut)
