1214_Toya Aoyagi_R4 The Best Souvenirs! (event_175)

Skill name: Far From The Heart
Gacha phrase: I hope they'll enjoy these.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[New York City - Park]

Toya: I wasn't expecting to get a chance to go sightseeing in the park...
Cedric: It's big, open and full of greenery, so I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Toya: Yes, thank you. I'm sure I will.
Elena's Voice: Ceddy, hold up a sec! There's something I wanna ask you about the park!
Cedric: Okay. Sorry, Toya, I'll be right back.
Toya: (It's a little hard to believe that we all performed in an event just now...)
Toya: (We'll do a full debriefing once we get back to the hotel... But I can already say that we weren't at our best.)
Toya: (As a team, our English pronunciation skills still require quite a bit of work, which prevented us from really channeling our feelings. I know I was far from perfect myself.)
Toya: (Plus, Embers and illys were both incredible. Especially illys, when...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Elena: “Here we go, you guys!”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (That song was so explosive. I'm staggered every time I think about it.)
Toya: (The track alone was pioneering. And yet, uncannily balanced at the same time.)
Toya: ...
Toya: (The world of music is just so vast. I'm always learning new things, and I got to encounter another incredible track.)
Toya: (I really am grateful.)
Toya: (But that's not the only example. There was also...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya: (Those jam sessions at the academy. That sensation, of different genres of music overcoming disparate origins and melting into one...)
Toya: (I could see my horizons expanding before my very eyes...)
Toya: (It was different from learning from a book. Each encounter with a new sound is...special.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toya: (Soma's incomplete track that Tono told me about comes to mind.)
Toya: (It felt so free, like wind rushing through your hair. It felt wild and gentle at the same time. I felt envious of the person who wrote it.)
Toya: (And then, I began wanting to produce those sorts of songs.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toya: (I honestly couldn't believe how well things went when we sang with Shiraishi and Azusawa for the first time in SEKAI.)
Toya: (If there was any one moment that solidified our musical style, that would be it.)
Toya: (Then there's my first encounter with music. My roots lie in...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toya: (That sound.)
Toya: (The beautiful sound that Dad played. I'll never forget it for as long as I live.)
Toya: (I wanted to play beautiful music like him. I wanted to learn how to do that. That was my first real encounter with music...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: (And the person standing here now has been shaped by all the music which he's encountered until now.)
Toya: I feel very fortunate.
???: Fortunate?
Cedric: Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to startle you.
Toya: No, that's okay... More importantly, is something the matter?
Elena: Ceddy came to get you, and I followed him! We came to tell you that we've decided where we're going.
Elena: But we heard you saying how you're very fortunate. Something good happen?
Toya: Oh, not exactly... I was just thinking about some things....
Cedric: What things?
Toya: Well... As the songwriter for Vivid BAD SQUAD, I gained quite a lot from hearing the track you made, Elena.
Elena: Wait, mine?
Toya: Yes. I said this when we were all sharing our opinions, but I thought it was very good.
Toya: Not only was it a difficult song, you two blew everyone away by performing it flawlessly. Your power shook all of us to our cores.
Cedric: I agree. I learned a lot from how bold you were too, Elena.
Elena: Hehe. Thanks! Keep the praise coming!
Cedric: Don't get too ahead of yourself.
Toya: It all got me thinking about the world of music, and how vast it really is.
Toya: Be it Vivid Street or the United States, I've been able to encounter music which I'd never even imagined before in my life.
Toya: Wonderful songs which moved my heart, songs full of sounds I've never heard before that enrich me as a person...
Toya: Both things have had a positive impact on me.
Toya: Thus, I feel very fortunate about having been able to make all those musical encounters.
Cedric: Toya...
Toya: I've been lucky to meet so many people, and learn from and be influenced by them. Thanks to them, my compositional skills have improved.
Toya: That being said, the world of music is vast, and I'm still yet to reach the heart of it...
Toya: My music still has much room to grow.
Cedric: I'm impressed you're able to talk like this after hearing such an unbelievable song.
Elena: Hehe. That's what I like to hear!
Cedric: Also... I think there's more to this story than just luck.
Cedric: It's no accident that you have a sharp eye and keen perception for these things, Toya. You worked hard to achieve that, right?
Toya: Yes, that's also true... Thank you.
Cedric: As your opponent, I can't afford to let my guard down, huh?
Elena: Haha. No, you can't! Let's have ourselves a good battle, Vivid BAD SQUAD, Embers!
Toya: Yes, and we don't plan on losing.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Airport]

Toya: I'm sorry for making you all wait.
Kohane: No, that's okay. We also just got back together. Were you able to buy some nice souvenirs, Aoyagi?
Toya: Yes, I'm very happy with my purchases.
An: Thank goodness! Then, let's start showing each other what we all got!
Akito: What? Why do we have to—?
An: Don't you wanna know? You do, right, Toya?
Toya: Yes, I suppose... I am a little curious.
Akito: *Sigh* Alright, fine. It's not like I need to hide it.
An: Then, let's start with... The person who got back first!
Akito: Which is me.
Akito: I bought my mom and Ena some tea and chocolates.
Akito: And some nutty snacks for my dad. He should like having something to munch on while he works.
Toya: Wait, what about that big bag? Is it also full of souvenirs?
Akito: Oh, these are for me. Hoodies and other clothes that I can only buy over here.
Akito: Anyway, that's it for me. Who got here after me? Kohane, right?
Kohane: Oh, right! An already knows since she helped pick them out with me, but...
An: Kohane picked out the cutest stuff!
Toya: You said you were buying things for your family, yes? What did you get for them, Azusawa?
Kohane: So, I got them a set of mugs. Unfortunately, my dad said that his broke last month.
An: Hehe. Her dad's been struggling to find a good replacement so much that he's been using a Japanese teacup for everything.
Toya: Oh, that's too bad. But I'm sure he'll like it since you got it just for him, Azusawa.
Toya: And it's very big, so he'll be able to drink a lot out of it.
Akito: The designs are nice too. Did you pick red and blue ones on purpose to match?
Kohane: Yeah. I thought it'd be nice to buy a pair, so my mom and dad can use them together.
Kohane: Anyway, An, I think you're next!
An: Okay. I got... Ta-daa! Juice in glass bottles!
An: The bottles look really fancy, so you could use them as decorations once they're empty, don't you think? I was thinking about turning some into lamps.
Akito: Hey, that's a pretty good idea coming from you.
An: What? If it's a fight you want, then it's a fight you'll get.
Toya: I also think it's a good idea. I didn't realize glass bottles could be refashioned in such a way. I always just disposed of them.
An: Thanks... Anyway, last but not least, Toya, you're up!
Akito: You spent ages talking to that shop assistant. Find anything good in the end?
Toya: They showed me which products were selling the best, as well as what each famous brand had to offer. Thanks to them, I was able to find some chocolates which match my parents' preferences.
Toya: They should enjoy these very much.
Akito: I see. I'm glad you were able to find something good.
Kohane: Speaking of which, Aoyagi, didn't you also buy some tea for your mom at that shop by the academy?
Toya: Yes, she asked me to buy some black tea for her while I was here.
Toya: I also picked out some coffee beans for the whole family... They let me try a few different types, and I was able to find one which I liked.
Toya: I don't know if they'll all like it, since I chose based on my own preferences, but...
Kohane: I don't think you have anything to worry about.
Akito: Yeah. It has to be good if you chose it.
An: What he said! I'm sure they're gonna love it!
Toya: Really...?
An: Absolutely!
Toya: Yes, I hope you're right.
Toya: (I should be able to find time to have coffee with Mom, but that may be a challenge with Dad...)
Toya: (But I'd like to tell them all about what happened at the Academy over our drinks.)
Toya: (I wonder how they would react...)
(Black cut)
