177-8 Designs for the Future

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Evening]

[Mizuki's Room]

Mizuki: Let's see... <Thanks for today. See you all later on Nightcord!>
Mizuki: Okay, it's sent♪ I'm so glad that Ena and the others enjoyed the pop-up store!
Mizuki: Also...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Female Customer: So, thank you very much... You've helped me realize something I want to cherish about myself.
Female Customer: I love cute things. And cute clothes...
Female Customer: And this dress. I absolutely adore it...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: (Thank goodness...)
Mizuki: (She was able to stay true to her feelings.)
Mizuki: I'm so glad for her.
Mizuki's Sister's Voice: Mizuki, can we talk for a second?
Mizuki: Oh... Yeah, come on in!
Mizuki's Sister: Sorry, I know this is sudden. But I finally finished this, and I couldn't wait to give it to you.
Mizuki: Finished what?
Mizuki's Sister: This. It's a gift for you!
Mizuki: What? Is this a dress...?
Mizuki's Sister: Yeah. My original plan was to give it to you right when we met...
Mizuki's Sister: But I ended up having some last adjustments to do, so it got put off.
Mizuki: I had no idea... Thanks! I don't know what to say!
Mizuki: Huh? This dress kinda looks like the one we saw in the store earlier today...
Mizuki's Sister: Hehe. You noticed? I actually sort of based this dress off of that one, but with a few extra additions. I figured that you'd like it more this way.
Mizuki: Oh...
Mizuki: Yeah, this is right up my alley!
Mizuki: So, can I try it on? I really wanna have you see me wearing it!
Mizuki's Sister: Of course! I can't wait to see either.
Mizuki: Hehe. Then, just gimme one sec!
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Mizuki: Wow...
Mizuki: This is so cute...!!
Mizuki: I love how this bow on the side accents it♪ Plus, these little frills on the sleeves are super cute...!
Mizuki: You really do make the best clothes in the world, Sis!
Mizuki's Sister: Thanks! But to me, you look like the best person in the world for wearing it.
Mizuki: It really is cute...
Mizuki: (Sis's clothes really feel like a gentle hand on the back...)
Mizuki: (They tell me that it's okay for me to be myself.)
Mizuki: (And that customer probably feels the same way.)
Mizuki: Hey, Sis.
Mizuki's Sister: Hm?
Mizuki: Thank you so much.
Mizuki: For this dress. But not just that.
Mizuki: We talked about this just the other day...
Mizuki: About how I don't really know what my dream is.
Mizuki's Sister: Right...
Mizuki: But...
Mizuki: Thanks to you, I think I've come a little bit closer to seeing it today.
Mizuki's Sister: I see... Can you tell me more?
Mizuki: I think it's really hard for people to just be themselves, to like what they really like... And stay true to their feelings.
Mizuki: That includes me, and that customer from earlier... I have a feeling that there are a lot of people out there who are suffering the same way as us.
Mizuki: So... I want to help them.
Mizuki: I've gotten so much help and support from my family, from my group, from others... And I want to help others just like that too.
Mizuki's Sister: I think that suits you perfectly, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Hehe. Thanks!
Mizuki: I've been thinking about this for a really long time, but I was never able to get a clear image in my head...
Mizuki: But after going to your store today, Sis, it hit me...
Mizuki: Clothes possess that sort of power.
Mizuki: I mean, that lady looked so happy wearing your dress.
Mizuki: So, if I can make clothes like yours... Then I might be able to pursue that option in the future.
Mizuki's Sister: Mizuki...
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000482/bg_s000482.webp)
Mizuki: This desire to help other people, and the fact that clothes are how I can do that... I have you and the others to thank for that.
Mizuki: So...
Mizuki: Thank you... For everything.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mizuki's Sister: You're welcome.
Mizuki's Sister: No matter what you choose to do in life, Mizuki, you'll always have my support.
Mizuki's Sister: So, good luck!
Mizuki: *Nod* Thanks...!
Mizuki: (I still don't really know exactly what I wanna do...)
Mizuki: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: (I'm just gonna keep being myself.)
Mizuki: (And I'll continue cherishing the present that they've given me as I walk this path.)
(White cut)
