177-7 A Dazzling Sight

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Female Customer: ...
Rin (N25): <What do you think is going on with her?>
Len (N25): <Maybe she's interested in the dress that your sister designed?>
Mizuki: Yeah, but...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Female Customer: No, even if I were to wear something like this...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Mizuki: There might be more to it than just that.
Miku (N25): <Huh?>
Mizuki: Um, excuse me!
Female Customer: Huh...?
Mizuki: Are you interested in that dress over there? I'm sorry about us clumping up around it.
Mizuki: We were just talking about how cute it is... But we're done looking at it now, so it's all yours!
Female Customer: Oh... Th-That's okay!
Female Customer: I'm happy just looking at it from over here...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: (Her eyes... They sorta remind me of...)
Mizuki: (The way mine used to look.)
???: If you'd like, you could try it on?
Mizuki: Huh...?
Mizuki: Sis...
Female Customer: Try it on?
Mizuki's Sister: I'm sorry for butting in. But if you're interested in this dress, I'd be happy to help you.
Female Customer: But... There's no way it would look good on me.
Mizuki's Sister: I disagree.
Female Customer: Hmm... Are you sure? But...
Mizuki's Sister: This is actually a very personal matter...
Mizuki's Sister: Because I'm the one who actually designed this dress. And I'd love it if it was picked up by someone who loves cute things.
Mizuki's Sister: So, if you do find this dress to be cute, then just seeing you try it on would put a big smile on my face.
Mizuki: (I knew it. She was the one who designed it.)
Female Customer: Someone who loves cute things...
Female Customer: I see...
Female Customer: ...
Female Customer: Umm...
Female Customer: Then, would it be alright if I tried it on...?
Mizuki: ...!
Mizuki's Sister: Thank you very much. The fitting rooms are right this way.
(Black cut)
Mizuki: I'm so glad that she decided to try it on.
Mizuki's Sister: Me too.
Mizuki's Sister: Mizuki... Thanks for what you did back there.
Mizuki: Huh?
Mizuki's Sister: That customer's actually come by a few times before. But she's always seemed hesitant to actually try anything on.
Mizuki's Sister: We've been worried that asking if she needs anything might just pile even more pressure on her...
Mizuki's Sister: If you hadn't spoken up, I would never have gotten the chance to talk to her.
Mizuki: Oh, I see...
Mizuki's Sister: Yeah. I'm sure she has her reasons...
Mizuki's Sister: But I hope she likes it.
Mizuki: Oh...
Female Customer's Voice: E-Excuse me.
Mizuki's Sister: Yes, how can I help you?
Female Customer's Voice: Umm, so... It's a very cute dress, and I don't have any particular problems with it, but...
Mizuki's Sister: If you'd like, would you like to have a look at yourself in the mirror out here? I have shoes that go with that dress too.
Female Customer's Voice: Oh... Okay.
Ena: Wow, she's adorable...
Mizuki's Sister: The big mirror is right this way.
Female Customer: Oh...
Female Customer: This is so cute...
Mizuki's Sister: Hehe. It suits you very well.
Female Customer: Does it really...?
Mizuki's Sister: Yes, as the designer, I couldn't be happier.
Female Customer: ...
Female Customer: Haha... What a strange feeling.
Mizuki's Sister: Strange?
Female Customer: Yes. This is such a new look for me that I really can't tell if this suits me or not.
Female Customer: But I've always wanted to wear something like this.
Female Customer: I feel like I finally understand that about myself.
Mizuki's Sister: Do you like cute clothes?
Female Customer: Yes, I do. I've always adored them.
Female Customer: But ever since I was little, I've never owned any clothes that I would call cute.
Female Customer: I never thought they would suit me... Even the people around me kept telling me how I'm the cool type.
Female Customer: As a result, I've never really been able to come out and say that I like cute things.
Female Customer: I did work up the courage one time and try on a cute dress similar to this one.
Female Customer: But my friends said that it didn't suit me, and even asked, “What's gotten into you?”
Mizuki's Sister: That must have been hard.
Female Customer: I know they weren't trying to be mean or anything. But even so... It sort of broke my heart.
Female Customer: Ever since, I've avoided clothes like this. I tell myself it'd only be a waste.
Mizuki: (I see...)
Mizuki: (That explains why her eyes looked the way they did.)
Mizuki: (She couldn't wear the clothes she wanted, and had to suppress her desire to just be herself...)
Mizuki: (And yet...)
Female Customer: But...
Female Customer: This dress was just so cute... I couldn't get it out of my head because I kept wondering how I'd look in it.
Female Customer: I ended up coming so many times...
Mizuki's Sister: Thank you very much. I'm glad you decided to stop by today.
Female Customer: What...?
Mizuki's Sister: I'm very happy that I was able to see you wearing that dress.
Mizuki's Sister: And your wonderful smile.
Female Customer: Oh...
Mizuki's Sister: If you wish to wear cute clothes in your heart of hearts...
Mizuki's Sister: Then I'd like for you to cherish that feeling.
Female Customer: Cherish that feeling...?
Female Customer: Yes, I will...
Female Customer: I love cute clothes, and I want to wear them. I don't want to lie to myself anymore.
Female Customer: So, thank you very much... You've helped me realize something I want to cherish about myself.
Female Customer: I love cute things. And cute clothes...
Female Customer: And this dress. I absolutely adore it...!
Mizuki's Sister: It looks wonderful on you.
Mizuki: (Yeah, now I see...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mizuki's Sister: When I saw my clothes giving someone the push they needed... I felt this indescribable feeling welling up inside me.
Mizuki's Sister: I realized... This is what true happiness must feel like.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: (This must be one of those moments.)
Ena: Your sister's such an amazing person...
Mizuki: *Nod*
Mizuki: She's so dazzling.
Mizuki: (I...)
Mizuki: (I also wanna be able to do this someday.)
(Black cut)
