177-4 The Spark of a Dream

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Airport]

Mizuki: Hey, over here!
Mizuki's Sister: Mizuki! Thank you for coming all this way. You're a lifesaver.
Mizuki: You're welcome! Whew, look at all this luggage. I'm glad I came.
Mizuki's Sister: *Wince* I worked really hard to cut it down this far.
Mizuki: Wait, you say that with four suitcases?
Passerby A: Whoa, look at those two.
Passerby B: Wow. I'd never pull off those kinds of flashy-colored shirts and stuff.
Passerby A: But I kinda envy them. I mean, they look so chic.
Mizuki: (Oh, they look like...!)
Mizuki: Are those people over there your coworkers, Sis?
Mizuki's Sister: That's right. They've been aching to meet you, Mizuki, so I'll be sure to introduce you to them later.
Mizuki: You will? Hehe. I can't wait...!
Mizuki: (They're all so fashionable. I can hardly look away.)
Mizuki: (Their clothes and accessories are so unique... You can tell that they're world-class designers!)
Mizuki: (But there's more to it than just that... Something else that makes them so dazzling.)
???: Oh, are you Mizuki?!
Mizuki: Huh?
???: Wow, you look so much like Yuki! I'm so glad to finally meet you!
Mizuki: U-Uhh...
Mizuki's Sister: Calm down, Rina. You're scaring Mizuki.
Rina: Oh, sorry! I just couldn't wait any longer.
Mizuki's Sister: Honestly... Anyway, Mizuki, let me introduce you. This is Rina. She's one of the designers I work with.
Rina: Nice to meet you! I've wanted to meet you forever, since Yuki's always bragging about how cute you are!
Rina: She also said you really have an eye for fashion... And she was right!
Rina: That outfit looks so amazing on you!
Mizuki: Hehe. I really appreciate you saying that! I really went all-out with one of my favorites today♪
Mizuki: Your outfit's also really cute, Rina...! Did you design it yourself?
Rina: I did! It's a little different from what our brand has to offer, but this is the style that I like to wear.
Rina: There really is nothing better than wearing your favorite clothes, am I right?
Mizuki's Sister: Our designers are all like this. Our personal preferences are all over the place too.
Mizuki: Oh...
Mizuki: (Right...)
Mizuki: (All of them treasure their own likes...)
Mizuki: (Maybe that's why I was sorta starstruck.)
Mizuki: (That's... That's so cool!)
Rina: Oh, Mizuki, did you hear?
Rina: At the pop-up store we're running this time around, we're gonna be selling some of the clothes Yuki designed.
Mizuki: What?! Your clothes, Sis?!
Mizuki: Why didn't you tell me?!
Mizuki's Sister: Haha. I wanted to surprise you. So, drop by if you get a chance!
Mizuki: I'm going! No matter what!
Mizuki: Hehe. Now I really can't wait♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Mizuki's Room]

Mizuki's Sister: *Sigh* I'm finally done unpacking.
Mizuki: Nice, that was quicker than I expected.
Mizuki's Sister: All thanks to you. I appreciate you lending a hand.
Mizuki's Sister: Oh, that reminds me. I have so many things that I want to give you. Let's see...
Mizuki's Sister: Here's an assortment of snacks from over my way! Be sure to share the fruit candy with your friends, okay?
Mizuki's Sister: There's also... These cookies! The tin they come in is so cute, I just had to buy them. I thought you'd like them.
Mizuki: Wow! It looks like it's covered in shiny gemstones! This is so cute...!
Mizuki's Sister: I'm thinking about giving Mom and Dad these cat decorations. Aren't they cute?
Mizuki: Haha. Talk about funny poses! Are they doing handstands?!
Mizuki: Speaking of them, they're really happy about you coming back, Sis. They were even heralding your “triumphant return home”!
Mizuki's Sister: Oh, they always blow things out of proportion.
Mizuki: But you're really doing amazing, though! Your clothes are gonna be sold in an actual store!
Mizuki's Sister: I know... But I feel like I still have a lot to learn. I mean...
Mizuki's Sister: My dream is to start my own brand and have it expand to Japan. That means I have to keep growing as a designer!
Mizuki: Your dream...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki's Sister: Mizuki? Is something wrong?
Mizuki: Oh, no. It's nothing big. It's just...
Mizuki: Lately, I keep being reminded how amazing everyone is.
Mizuki's Sister: Amazing?
Mizuki: *Nod* This is about some kids I know...
Mizuki: They're all chasing after their dreams, training in different places, aiming to stand on top of the world with their music... Facing their art head-on.
Mizuki: And you've always been just like them, Sis. You're working super hard towards making your dream come true, right?
Mizuki: Which is why I think you guys are all really amazing. Because I don't really have a dream.
Mizuki's Sister: I see...
Mizuki: So, Sis...
Mizuki: What made you want to become a designer?
Mizuki's Sister: Huh?
Mizuki: You told me how I was the reason why you wanted to make others smile by making clothes for them...
Mizuki: But how did that become your dream?
Mizuki's Sister: Hmm... Well...
Mizuki's Sister: I think it's because I realized those were my happiest moments.
Mizuki: Your happiest moments?
Mizuki's Sister: *Nod* In my case, it's not like it was my dream from the very start. It's just...
Mizuki's Sister: When I saw my clothes giving someone the push they needed... I felt this indescribable feeling welling up inside me.
Mizuki's Sister: I realized... This is what true happiness must feel like.
Mizuki's Sister: I think that's my reason.
Mizuki: I see...
Mizuki: That's a wonderful reason.
Mizuki: (I don't know what the happiness she felt in those moments was like for her...)
Mizuki: (But those moments must have a special place in her heart.)
Mizuki: (So special that she made them into the dream she wants to make come true, no matter what.)
Mizuki: ...
Mizuki: They're really...
Mizuki: All amazing people.
(Black cut)
