177-2 Surrounded by Ambition

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[The next day - Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School]

Mizuki: *Yawn*
Mizuki: (It feels like it's been forever since I last came to school...)
Mizuki: (They said it was fine if I got here around lunch, but I'm still super sleepy...)
Mizuki: (I stayed up so late researching shops that Sis and I can check out together.)
Mizuki: Hm? That looks like...
Toya: We managed to inventory quite a lot of the books we have in storage today.
Nene: Yeah, if we can keep this pace up, we should be able to finish sometime this month.
Mizuki: It's Kusanagi and Toya! Hey, you two!
Nene: Oh... Akiyama.
Mizuki: Hiya. Wrapping up some committee work?
Nene: Yeah, we were both on duty today.
Toya: It's been a while, Akiyama. I'm glad to see you look well.
Mizuki: You too, Toya! I heard that you just got back from the States... Yeah, it really does feel like it's been forever!
Mizuki: Anyway, how was your trip? You went to a big music event, right?
Toya: Yes, artists from around the world performed... And we were completely blown away.
Toya: But we also know what we want to see now.
Nene: What you want to see?
Toya: Our goal is to stand on top of the world. However, until now, we didn't have a concrete idea of what that meant.
Toya: But seeing all those incredible performances, and tens of thousands of people burning with the heat, we felt it.
Toya: This is what it means to stand on top of the world.
Nene: That's pretty cool...
Nene: I also really wanna set out into the world, but I still don't have what it takes...
Mizuki: Huh? But you're already an amazing singer, Kusanagi. You're as good as some pros out there.
Nene: No, I still have a lot of work left to do. We've been training with different troupes lately, and I keep finding new things to work on each time.
Nene: We're training at ArcLand right now, and they perform at such a high level. I've been spending all of my energy just trying to keep up with them.
Mizuki: A-ArcLand...?! As in Tokyo ArcLand?!
Toya: I've heard they put on some of the best shows in the country. And you've been training with them, Kusanagi?
Nene: Yeah, Emu's brothers helped us get a few spots in their workshop.
Mizuki: That's awesome...!
Mizuki: Still, I can't imagine what that workshop is like. I bet it's chock full of amazing people.
Nene: It is. The teachers are all world famous, and it has been pretty overwhelming...
Nene: But I want to learn as much as I can. I want to take this experience and use it to make my dream come true.
Mizuki: (Her dream...)
Toya: I see...
Toya: It sounds like you're making good progress toward your goal, Kusanagi. We may be traveling different roads, but let's both keep doing our best.
Nene: Yeah.
Mizuki: Haha. You two are so dazzling.
Nene: Dazzling?
Mizuki: You both have such clear dreams and goals that you're working towards!
Mizuki: And you both practically sparkle when you're talking about your dreams♪
Nene: Huh...? S-Sparkle...?
Mizuki: Yeah! Do your best, you two! I'll be rooting for you both!
Toya: Yes, thank you.
Nene: Oh, there's the bell.
Toya: That was fast. We should start heading back to our classrooms.
Toya: Oh, that reminds me. I brought back a souvenir from the United States for you, Akiyama. I'll give it to you later. I hope you like it.
Mizuki: You got me a souvenir?! Awesome!
Mizuki: Thanks, Toya! I can't wait to see what it is♪
Nene: Anyway, see you two later.
Mizuki: Okay, bye bye!
(Black cut)
