Things have calmed down for N25 since Mafuyu's return to living with Kanade. Meanwhile, Mizuki's sister is back in Japan, and the two have much to talk about. After hearing how she first found her dream in life, Mizuki in turn begins to think about the future.

177-1 Good News

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: Yeah, yeah, this demo's super good! It really stabs at your heart, you know?
Ena: It does. But you also feel a sense of empathy at the end. A sort of kindness...
Kanade: Thank you.
Kanade: What do you think, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: I think it's good.
Kanade: Okay, that's good to hear. In that case, I'll keep working along these lines.
Mizuki: Okay, thanks♪
Mizuki: Hehe. I can't wait to make the video for this.
Mizuki: So, what are the lyrics and illustrations gonna be like?
Mafuyu: I won't know until I write them.
Mafuyu: Based on the feel of the demo, probably something that expresses loneliness... But at the end, you realize there was a warmth by your side all along.
Mizuki: Hmm... Loneliness, huh...
Ena: I think I sorta have an idea of what to draw. Imagine a girl in a dimly lit world who always has her head down...
Ena: When she lifts her head at the end, she realizes the moon has been shining down on her. How does that sound?
Mizuki: Oh, that's really good! Now I really can't wait to work on it!
Kanade: You sound really excited, Mizuki.
Mizuki: All thanks to your song, Kanade♪ I'll start storyboarding the second I get your sketches.
Mizuki: Also, Mafuyu, let me know when your lyrics are ready♪
Mafuyu: Okay.
Ena: Anyway, let's get back to work.
Mizuki: Okay, see you all later!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mizuki's Room]

Mizuki: Alright, let's get to it!
Mizuki: Those sketches aren't gonna come in for a little while, so I'll look for some useful-looking assets in the meantime.
Mizuki: (Still...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: (I'm glad Mafuyu seems to be feeling a little better.)
Mizuki: (I was pretty shocked when I heard she'd gone back to Kanade's house...)
Mizuki: (She must have had a pretty rough time.)
Mizuki: (She was so resolved to work things out with her mom, and it didn't go to plan...)
Mizuki: (On the other hand...)
Mizuki: (At the very least, she seems to be able to relax a little whenever she's working on N25 stuff.)
Mizuki: (There isn't much that I can do for her...)
Mizuki: (But I wanna help her take her mind off of what happened by making things feel as normal as possible.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

Mizuki: Hm...? It's noon already...?
Mizuki: My shift doesn't start until later this evening, right? That means I can sleep in for a bit longer...
Mizuki's Mother's Voice: Mizuki, can I come in?
Mizuki: Mom? Yeah, sure.
Mizuki's Mother: Oh, did you just wake up?
Mizuki: Hehe. I was actually about to go back to sleep.
Mizuki's Mother: *Sigh* Getting a good night's sleep is fine and all, but you should make sure you eat meals properly too, okay?
Mizuki: Okay! Anyway, what's up? Is something the matter?
Mizuki's Mother: Oh, that's right. I have some good news for you. I just heard from your sister...
Mizuki's Mother: And she said she's coming to Japan for work!
Mizuki: Wait, she is...?!
Mizuki's Mother: Apparently, the company where your sister works is going to be running a pop-up store in Shibuya.
Mizuki's Mother: Not only that, Yuki's going to be serving customers in order to see their reactions and whatnot firsthand.
Mizuki: Really...?! Does that mean she's gonna be here for a while?
Mizuki's Mother: That's right. It sounds like it'll take time to set everything up, so she'll be able to stay for a while.
Mizuki: Woohoo! There are so many shops that I wanna check out with her! I'll invite her right away♪
Mizuki's Mother: Hehe. She also wanted to know when you're free, so I'm sure she'll contact you soon.
Mizuki's Mother: Oh, I need to get to work... There's some keema curry in the kitchen. Make sure to heat it up before you have it, okay?
Mizuki: Thanks! Good luck at work, mom.
Mizuki: Sis is coming home...!
Mizuki: And she's gonna be running a pop-up store in Shibuya... I absolutely have to go♪
Mizuki: Oh, speaking of which...
Mizuki: (I got to introduce Kanade and Mafuyu to her that other time, but not Ena...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: (To be fair, we were pretty short on time...)
Mizuki: (But this seems like a good chance to introduce all of N25 to her.)
Mizuki: I'll try inviting the others if we can make the timing work out!
(Black cut)
