In the space between worlds, Miku and the other VIRTUAL SINGERS watch the young people of Shibuya strive towards their goals. Suddenly, a mysterious light brings a change to SEKAI.

180-1 Growth, and...

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Vivid Street]

Kohane: Wow, what a beautiful morning...!
Kohane: Everything seems to be sparkling today somehow...
Kohane: But I think I got up a little too early. Our morning practice isn't scheduled to start for a while.
Kohane: Oh, An just messaged me... “I got up early, so I'll be warming up.”
Kohane: Oh, Shinonome and Aoyagi are also going to be here soon...!
Kohane: Hehe. We're all feeling the same way.
Kohane: (Of course we are. We all want to perform in the world's greatest event. To sing at Lasting ECHO Fest, we need to win RUSH BEATS.)
Kohane: (Besides how we perform, we have a lot of other things to consider.)
Kohane: (We have to do everything we can to stand on top of the world, and see what lies beyond.)
Kohane: I bet it must be as beautiful as the sight we saw from atop the wall.
Kohane: Anyway, I need to get to practice!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Lumina Forum - Rehearsal Room]

Minori: Huff... Huff... Huff...! Just 300-meters to go...!
Minori: (I was able to give that talk show we did the other day everything I had...)
Minori: (But I don't know what they're gonna throw at us next.)
Minori: (I have to keep practicing to make sure that I'm ready for anything!)
Comments: <Oh, it's Minori.> <She's on the treadmill!> <You can do it, Minori!>
Minori: (Oh, these comments...! I must be on right now...!)
Minori: (I know. If everyone's watching me, then...)
Minori: Alright, I'm done running! Now that I'm all warmed up, it's time for the Minorin Dance!
Minori: I hope everyone watching will dance along, too!
Comments: <It's the Minorin Dance! Yeah!> <It's kind of weird, huh?> <This is gonna be an instant classic.>
Minori: (I want to spread hope to everybody watching.)
Minori: (On the other side of the screen, people from across Japan—no, maybe even across the world, are watching me.)
Minori: (So, I have to reach them!)
Minori: (I have to give it my all, to reach them all around the world!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Tsukasa: Right. Time to focus in for practice.
Tsukasa: (Soon, we'll be performing at the Center Theatre. We need to make sure that our show is a huge success.)
Tsukasa: Step one is practice. Step two is practice. Steps three and four are practice, and so is step five!
Tsukasa: I should also take this opportunity to review and improve my rehearsal methodology.
Tsukasa: I know!
Tsukasa: I can do that pantomime-only improv drill again. I'll leave no stone unturned!
Tsukasa: (If our upcoming show becomes a hit, then we'll be able to move on to the next stage.)
Tsukasa: We have to succeed!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kanade's Room]

Kanade: (Okay, the demo for our next song is coming along nicely.)
Kanade: (But if someone asked me whether or not it can save Mafuyu right now...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: (I don't know.)
Kanade: (I tried taking a hard look at things, and I've thought about her situation... But nothing's worked.)
Kanade: (What am I supposed to do...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: (Come to think of it, that song was so gentle...)
Kanade: (I still don't have an answer...)
Kanade: (But I should at least try composing songs which show empathy for Mafuyu.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Ichika: Phew...
Ichika: Our new song should be finished soon.
Ichika: (Thanks to Saki, this one is also turning out really well. I can't wait to have Shiho and Honami listen to it.)
Ichika: Oh, a shooting star...!
Ichika: Now I feel like seeing everyone.
Ichika: Hm? A message...?
Saki's Message: <Did you all see that shooting star just now?!>
Shiho's Message: <I saw something flash. Was that it?>
Honami's Message: <I made sure to wish that our solo show will be a success.>
Saki's Message: <Oh, Hona, you're the best!>
Ichika: They all saw it.
Ichika: Yeah, of course they did.
Ichika: Even if we're apart, we're still connected like this.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Between Worlds]

KAITO: Their feelings seem to have been growing even stronger recently.
Luka: Yes. I'm sure it helps that they're drawing closer to their goals, but...
Luka: What happened with those black fragments, as well as those strange encounters, seem to also be playing a role.
MEIKO: Right... I'm so glad that meeting everyone from those other SEKAI is having such a positive impact on them.
Len: But if their feelings keep getting stronger like this, doesn't that mean something big is gonna happen again?!
Rin: What if their trees undergo another giant growth spurt?!
Miku: That would be surprising for them, I'm sure... But it's possible if their feelings become strong enough.
Luka: Huh? This light...
(Background change)
Rin: Whoa! So bright!
MEIKO: Wh-What's going on?!
Miku: This light...
Miku: Could it be a SEKAI—
(Black cut)
