146-5 A New Heat

(Character: Akito Shinonome, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO (VBS): Okay, here's your Viennese coffee refill.
KAITO (VBS): Thank you! Mmm... This smells delicious! You really do make the best coffee in the world, MEIKO!
MEIKO (VBS): I know what you're doing. No amount of praise is getting you any ice cream today.
KAITO (VBS): What?! H-Haha. I was just giving you my honest opinion...
Akito: Hey.
KAITO (VBS): Ah, Akito! Welcome!
MEIKO (VBS): Oh, are you by yourself today? We figured that you'd all come over together since we heard that you'd be participating in an event today.
Akito: Yeah, about that... I came to practice on my own after we split in the evening.
KAITO (VBS): Really?! You're going to practice?! Right after an event?! Your work ethic really is admirable, Akito.
KAITO (VBS): Between the walls in SEKAI coming down and the tree in the plaza growing bigger, quite a lot has been happening recently...
KAITO (VBS): These changes must be happening because of the passion you and the others possess! I'm really looking forward to seeing what happens next!
Akito: Passion...
MEIKO (VBS): Akito?
Akito: Oh, don't mind me...
KAITO (VBS): Did something happen...?
Akito: ... Nothing major happened. It's just...
KAITO (VBS): Why don't you tell me what's on your mind?!
Akito: No, again...
KAITO (VBS): You don't have to tell me if you're not comfortable, but it might feel good to get things off your chest. I mean, we've been through this before, haven't we?
KAITO (VBS): So, why don't you tell me all about what's bothering you?
Akito: Alright... Then, if you don't mind listening for a second...
KAITO (VBS): Of course!
(Black cut)
KAITO (VBS): I see... You're not feeling as driven as before...
Akito: My brain knows that I need to keep doing what I can to reach our next goal.
Akito: But it's like my heart isn't keeping up with it...
MEIKO (VBS): Akito...
MEIKO (VBS): I don't think there's any reason for you to be feeling so anxious.
Akito: Huh?
MEIKO (VBS): You've been doing absolutely everything you can to make a very big dream come true, right?
MEIKO (VBS): Your heart may be telling you that it needs some time to recharge right now.
Akito: Yeah, that also crossed my mind...
MEIKO (VBS): Also, from where I'm standing, it seems only natural that you're not chasing this new dream with the same amount of fervor as before.
KAITO (VBS): Wait, why's that?
MEIKO (VBS): Because his dream of surpassing RAD WEEKEND was born out of actually witnessing that event. Seeing it is what inspired him, no?
MEIKO (VBS): But he and the others are now trying to “stand on top of the world”, and I'm not sure they quite know what that means yet.
MEIKO (VBS): This dream was born under far different circumstances. So, it seems only natural not to go after it in the same way as before.
Akito: ...
Akito: (I get what MEIKO's saying...)
Akito: (But... That doesn't really explain why I haven't been able to perform at my best lately...)
KAITO (VBS): Hmm... Let's say MEIKO's right...
KAITO (VBS): If seeing RAD WEEKEND is what lit that fire inside of you all those years ago, then you may just need something to help rekindle that flame, Akito.
Akito: Something to rekindle the flame inside of me...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: (But what are the odds of me seeing another event or anything like that again...)
KAITO (VBS): It may actually be hiding right under your nose.
Akito: Huh?
KAITO (VBS): To be fair, I can't really say what that is yet...
KAITO (VBS): But you understand how big the world is, yes, Akito?
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000367/bg_s000367.webp)
KAITO (VBS): You began dreaming of surpassing RAD WEEKEND after just happening to come across it.
KAITO (VBS): So, you might find something else that rekindles the flame inside of you.
KAITO (VBS): The world is a big place. It's full of things that we don't know about and opportunities we can't imagine.
KAITO (VBS): So, as long as you strive towards your goal of standing on top of the world, I'm sure you'll come across that special something eventually.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Akito: ...
Akito: (The world is a big place, huh...?)
Akito: You might have a point there...
Akito: Which is rare of you, KAITO.
KAITO (VBS): What?! Rare?! You must be joking! I'm always trying to give the best advice I can to all of you...
MEIKO (VBS): He's saying that because of how you act on a daily basis.
KAITO (VBS): No, MEIKO, not you too!
Akito: (I'll come across it eventually, huh...?)
Akito: (Obviously, believing that isn't going to get me out of my current situation. But...)
Akito: (It does beat feeling anxious and running around in circles.)
Akito: (In any case, I just gotta keep moving forward.)
Akito: (Like I've been doing until now.)
(Black cut)
