The VIRTUAL SINGERS of each SEKAI see how everyone is progressing toward their goals. They are excitedly preparing ways to demonstrate their support for everyone, when something extraordinary happens.

105-1 Let's Show Support!

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

Miku: Hello, everyone! It's so nice to see you all again.
Miku: And thank you for always watching over the others.
Miku: Speaking of which, it's been some time since you all started coming here...
Miku: Quite a lot happened during that time, no?
Miku: They discovered their true feelings, which led to so many songs being born in SEKAI.
Miku: And now, they're trying to take their next big steps.
Miku: Hehe. Isn't this so exciting? I'm very much looking forward to seeing how they all grow!
Miku: Oh, look...! Our other selves from SEKAI seem to be doing something!
Miku: I know! Why don't we go take a quick peek?
Miku: Ready? Here we go!
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: We'll see you all again next time!
Emu: Bye bye, everyone!
Miku (WxS): Bye bye☆
Miku (WxS): Hehe☆ Another day, another really fun practice!
Len: Yeah, that was fun! I didn't think their improv show would end up being so good.
Rin: I started tearing up towards the end! I still can't believe they ad-libbed the whole thing.
KAITO: The story was very good, but they also had so much chemistry. Not to mention that their acting was very animated.
Luka: Yes, I agree. They were all very into it. I can't help but feel inspired by them...
MEIKO: That must be because they've grown and gone through so much together.
KAITO: Yes, I agree.
KAITO: They've become so much stronger since the first time they came to SEKAI.
KAITO: They persevered in the face of hardship and never wavered. I suspect they were able to do that because they kept dreaming big.
MEIKO: I agree. Making both their dreams as a group and their individual dreams come true seemed almost impossible.
MEIKO: But after giving it an enormous amount of thought, weighing their options and working together, they found a way to stick together...
KAITO: I'm sure they'll face more obstacles along the way, but my hope is that those won't stop them.
Miku (WxS): Yeah!
Rin: Hmmm...
Len: Is something wrong, Rin?
Rin: So, I kinda want to do something for Tsukasa and the others.
Luka: Do something for them...?
Rin: Yeah! Because they've been trying really, really hard!
Rin: And they made the decision to leave the Wonder Stage to set out into the world!
KAITO: Yes, I see. In other words, you'd like to show them your support somehow.
Rin: Yeah, exactly☆ I want them to know that we're here for them!
MEIKO: That's sounds wonderful! I'd love to help!
Miku (WxS): Show them our support somehow...
Miku (WxS): Then, let's do a show☆
Miku (WxS): One that'll really demonstrate our support for them!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Luka: We're going to demonstrate our support for Minori and the others by doing a show for them?
Miku (MMJ): Exactly! I thought we could do one as a way to say that we're there for them since they're reaching toward new heights...
Len (MMJ): But how do we actually do that? Any ideas?
Rin: Hmm... What about a medley of songs that are really happy and full of energy?
MEIKO: Yes, I like where you're going with that! But I think it needs to also feel a little special in some way.
Luka: Then...
Luka: Why don't we perform the songs that they have during their past shows?
Miku (MMJ): Perform their songs?
Luka: Yes, we could sing and perform dance routines that they themselves have done.
Luka: They've worked tirelessly to create wonderful things and spread hope to others. So, I thought we could show them what they've achieved.
Miku (MMJ): Oh... That's an amazing idea!
Len (MMJ): Yeah, I'm all for that.
KAITO: Then, let's start getting everything together!
KAITO: After we've come up with a set list, we'll decide who's in charge of what and figure out what to do for each dance.
KAITO: Oh, and costumes! Also...
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. KAITO sounds so excited.
MEIKO: He really does! I'm guessing his excitement level's only going to keep increasing...
Luka: But that means we should also feel just as motivated. This is for them after all.
Luka: So, let's do our best to put on a wonderful show!
Everyone: Yeah! Yes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty SEKAI]

Rin: ♪——...
Rin: ♪———— ♪————...
MEIKO: Rin...?
Rin: Oh...
MEIKO: Why the long face?
Rin: When Mafuyu went to tell her mom how she really felt that time...
Rin: I heard that hearing Miku sing Kanade's song helped settle her down.
MEIKO: Oh, you mean...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO: ...
Rin: Ena also felt better after she heard me sing that time...
Rin: So, I wanna learn how to be a better singer... For them...
MEIKO: I see...
Rin: *Nod*
Rin: ♪———— ♪————...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Between Worlds)
Miku: Everyone in each SEKAI seems to be doing their best to show the others their support.
Miku: I wonder what's going on in the other SEKAI.
Miku: Why don't we go take a look?!
(Black cut)
