5_Saki Tenma_R1 The Ever Cheerful One

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Saki: Class is over! It's finally time for lunch!
Saki: Ichi, Haruka, do you wanna go have lunch at the rooftop since the weather is pretty good?
Ichika: Yeah, we usually eat at the courtyard so I'm fine with that for a change.
Haruka: I don't mind either.
Saki: Yay! Then let's go now!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Saki: We have arrived! It's my first time here!
Minori: W-Wah!
Saki: Wah! Sorry! I didn't think anyone would be here... Wait a minute...
Ichika: Ah, aren't you Shiho's classmate, um...
Haruka: Minori? You're alone today?
Minori: Hi, Haruka! Yeah. The friend I usually ate lunch with had something to do today.
Saki: That's too bad! Do you wanna have lunch with us then?
Minori: Huh? Can I really? Thanks!
Saki: Alright, let's eat!
(Black cut)
Saki: Hehe, I've finally achieved my dream of having lunch on the rooftop together with friends.
Minori: Um... Having lunch on the rooftop was your dream?
Saki: Yeah! It really feels like I'm living my high school life to the fullest, don't you think?
Minori: You may be right! This does happen very often in manga and anime.
Saki: You see, you see? And I also made a new friend!
Saki: Oh, right! I forgot to introduce myself! I'm Saki Tenma. Nice to meet you! And this is...
Ichika: Hello. My name is Ichika Hoshino.
Minori: And I'm Minori Hanasato! It's so nice to meet you, too!
Ichika: You already know Kiritani, right?
Minori: Of course I do! The truth is... Haruka's the reason I wanted to become an idol in the first place.
Saki: Wow, that's amazing!
Ichika: Yes, it is... Does that mean you've gone for auditions before?
Minori: Countless times, though I've never passed any so far...
Minori: But I won't give up, so I practice dancing here every day.
Ichika: Every day?!
Saki: Awesome! You're just like the main character in a manga or anime! You're really making the most out of your youth!
Saki: That's the kind of life I wanted too. To throw myself into something, like club activities and such...
Ichika: That's why you joined the soft tennis club, right?
Saki: Exactly!
Saki: Also, Ichi and I were invited to form a band together, so we're both doing our best with that too.
Minori: You're in a band?! That's so cool! Which instrument do you play?
Saki: Ichi's on the guitar and vocals. I'm the keyboardist!
Saki: And I'm gonna go shop for my own keyboard with Ichi real soon♪
Minori: Wow... You're really serious about this! And that's super cool!
Saki: Hehe, you think so?
Haruka: It's like they're old friends already.
Ichika: Yes. Hanasato's a really nice girl, isn't she?
Haruka: She is. That's probably why they hit it off right away.
Saki: Minori, you have my support for your idol dream!
Minori: Thanks! Let's both do our best together!
Haruka: It's nice to chat, but you should really eat something too.
Minori: Gasp! I was having so much fun I forgot about that!
Ichika: Come on, Saki, you should eat too.
Saki: Yeah! Thanks for reminding me!
Saki: Food always tastes better when you eat together with others!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Saki: Look at this, Ichi! This person has some really interesting videos about makeup.
Ichika: Huh? Rabbit eyes? I didn't know that was a makeup style.
Saki: Yeah! Just look at those cute eyes!
Ichika: Hehe, they're cute. You can probably pull off this look.
Saki: Hm? I'm pretty sure you can pull off this look too, Ichi.
Ichika: Um, I'm...not sure about that?
Saki: You absolutely can!
Saki: Aww, if only I'd brought my makeup to school...
Ichika: Only for the teachers to find and confiscate it?
Saki: I mean, there's that risk, but...
Saki: I know! Why don't you drop by my house after school today? It's been a while, hasn't it?
Ichika: Your house? Now that you mention it, I haven't visited in a while.
Saki: Yeah. Everyone used to visit pretty often when we were still first years in junior high.
Saki: But after I was admitted into a hospital far away, that just wasn't possible anymore...
Ichika: Oh...
Saki: Ah... I mean, that's why I thought it might be fun to hang out at my house again after such a long time!
Saki: I don't have soft tennis practice today, and I'm not scheduled for any work after school too!
Saki: What about you, Ichi?
Ichika: I don't have anything on today, either.
Saki: Then...
Ichika: Yes, I hope you don't mind if I drop by for a while.
Saki: Of course not! Thanks, Ichi!
Saki: Let's try out lots of different makeup looks♪ Oh, and lots of different hairstyles, too, while we're at it!
Ichika: Sure. Let's try out everything you want.
Saki: Ichi! Thank you!
Saki: Alright! Which means I'm going to have to gather all the fashion magazines I can find in my house!
Ichika: Saki... You're not going to try out every single makeup and hairstyle you find in those magazines...are you?
Saki: Hehe... How'd you figure that out?
Ichika: Fine, fine... I'll go along with that.
Ichika: By the way, will Tsukasa be at home today? I haven't met him in a while and should probably go say hi if he is.
Saki: Ah, I think he'll be at his part-time job today. He recently started working as a cast member at Phoenix Wonderland!
Ichika: Oh, I didn't know that.
Saki: I can tell he's really enjoying himself every day! Although, I haven't been able to watch any of his performances because our schedules keep clashing...
Ichika: Why don't we go take a look together next time, then?
Saki: Okay! I bet he'd be so surprised♪
Saki: But today is makeup and hairstyling day! I wish school could be over like now!
Ichika: Um, you know my hair's quite stubborn, so don't expect fantastic hairstyling results from it, okay?
Saki: But your hair's so black and straight. Smooth and silky hair makes me so envious!
Ichika: I think your soft and springy hair is a lot cuter, though.
Saki: Really? It's so frizzy and hard to tame, but now I'm glad I worked so hard to curl it this morning♪
Saki: Alright! I'm going to come up with a fantastic new hairstyle that's perfect for your hair, Ichi!
Ichika: Okay. But please go easy on me, Saki.
Saki: Hehe♪ I can't wait for school to be over!
(Black cut)
