6_Saki Tenma_R2 Leo/need

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Saki: Uh... I'm kind of hungry.
Ichika: Me too. Want to go grab a bite?
Saki: Sure!
Ichika: What are you in the mood for?
Saki: I don't know, lots of things... What's that?
Saki: Is that a new restaurant?
Ichika: Where?
Saki: That one! See the signboard? Huh, it says it's a specialty rice porridge restaurant?
Saki: Um... Rice porridge, huh...
Ichika: Oh yeah, it was trendy for a while. They marketed it as a healthy food that's easy on the stomach.
Ichika: I guess it's still popular if a restaurant with nothing but rice porridge on the menu can stay in business.
Saki: That's one trend I could never get behind.
Ichika: Right, you don't like rice porridge. You were complaining about it every time I went to see you in the hospital.
Saki: Yeah. I liked the other hospital meals, though.
Saki: It's just rice porridge that I hate, hate, hate! Every time I had it, it had zero flavor, and it was like eating slime!
Saki: I'm never having it again.
Ichika: What about when you're sick?
Saki: I ask my parents to make me udon noodles instead.
Ichika: That's a good alternative. Udon's easy to digest too.
Saki: Right? So there's no reason to force dreadful rice porridge on sick people!
Saki: Which reminds me... Check this out!
Ichika: That's the website of the hospital you were in?
Saki: Yeah, but see this? We've improved our hospital menu.
Ichika: I see. So it changed since you were there?
Saki: Uh-huh. Just look at the pictures, the food actually looks tasty.
Saki: Even the rice porridge! You can still make out the grains of rice, and they even put slices of sweet potato in it!
Ichika: Yeah, it's not boiled down into mush.
Saki: They finally learned to cook it right!
Saki: Why couldn't they have made it this way when I was in the hospital?
Ichika: If they did, maybe you wouldn't have this aversion now.
Saki: I think so too! It looks so good, I might even be persuaded to try a spoonful.
Saki: Anyway, I'm done with hospital meals.
Saki: Now I want to stuff my face with foods I couldn't eat back then!
Ichika: Hehe, let's feed you some real food.
Saki: Yes, please!
Ichika: But don't overeat just because you can now. I don't want to have to roll you out of the restaurant.
Saki: Yikes, reaching perfect roundness is not in my plans!
Saki: Buuut, you burn more calories when you exercise, right?
Saki: So as long as I do lots of sports at school, I can stuff myself with lots of tasty foods and still be super fit!
Ichika: I guess so, but make sure you know your limits with both of those things...
Ichika: You've been buying lots of snacks and candy lately. Might want to cut down on that.
Saki: Hey, cut me some slack! I had to make do without them for so long!
Ichika: You said you wanted to be super fit, though?
Saki: Oh come on, you're being mean to me today!
Ichika: Hehe, just teasing you.
Ichika: Anyway, where do you want to go?
Saki: Hmm, how about that cafe!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Diner]

Saki: Good job, everyone! I raise a toast to you all!
Ichika: Thanks.
Shiho: Yeah.
Honami: We had a good one! Hehe, it feels like a special occasion.
Shiho: It was just a regular rehearsal.
Saki: So what? Aaah, this hit the spot!
Ichika: You drank the whole glass of juice in one go...
Saki: They have free refills! I've got to get my money's worth!
Saki: By the way, I got these fries to share! Can you reach them from where you're sitting, Hona?
Honami: Yes, thanks!
Ichika: You're even more chirpy than usual today, Saki.
Saki: It's because I'm so happy that another of my dreams has come true!
Shiho: What dream is that?
Saki: Having a lively meal with you at a diner!
Saki: It's one of the things from my must-do list for when I went to high school, that I wrote while I was in the hospital.
Honami: That's very touching.
Honami: I'm really happy to be here too.
Honami: I didn't think we'd get the chance to spend time together like this again. Thank you for proving me wrong.
Ichika: Aw, Honami...
Shiho: What she said. And we've even got a band now. Who'd have thought?
Ichika: Yeah. So much has happened lately.
Ichika: Saki came back, we met Miku and Luka, and started a band.
Saki: Hehe, it was chaotic at first but it's all going well now and every day brings more fun!
Saki: Unlike in middle school, I'm not going to miss a single day at school, or even a single class.
Saki: I'm in the soft tennis club, and in a band, and I get to hang out with you at a diner!
Saki: We can do stuff like visit Phoenix Wonderland or go to the mall!
Saki: Doing anything together with you guys is great!
Ichika: Well, in that case...
Ichika: We'll have to help you go through that list of must-do things, one by one.
Saki: Thanks!
Saki: (I was so lonely and sad during my hospital stay...)
Saki: (I'm glad it's over!)
Saki: (Thanks to the sports club, I've gotten fitter. No more getting sick and missing out on time with my friends and high school life!)
Saki: (It's going to be fine now... Definitely...)
Shiho: Saki, are you okay?
Honami: Oh... What's the matter, Saki?!
Saki: Why... Oh... Huh?
Saki: Haha, don't worry, these are tears of joy!
Honami: Um, are you sure? You're not hurting, are you?
Saki: No, I'm fine!
Shiho: It's not like it's our last meetup or anything. No reason to get overly emotional.
Saki: Right, we can come here any number of times!
Ichika: ...
Ichika: Guys, can we have another toast?
Shiho: What are we toasting?
Ichika: Saki's...health?
Saki: Huh... That's like, what you do for really old people, no?
Honami: Hehe, that's true, but let's do it anyway.
Shiho: Fine by me.
Ichika: Okay, so... Here's to Saki's health!
Shiho: Cheers!
Honami: Cheers!
Saki: Haha! Cheers!
Saki: (I've had a rough patch in my life but now I'm back with my friends once again.)
Saki: That was nice, Ichi! Thanks, guys!
(Black cut)
