7_Saki Tenma_R3 100 Things I Want To Do

Gacha phrase: I've always wanted to try this!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Saki: Huh? Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Hey, Saki. You're on your way home too?
Saki: Yup! Oh, and listen to this!
Saki: I just had bubble tea with Ichi and the girls!
Tsukasa: What?! That's one of the items on your List of 100 Things to Do Once I'm Back in School, isn't it?!
Saki: It is! So I got another one of my wishes fulfilled!
Tsukasa: I'm happy for you, Saki. To be honest, that was one of the items I was worried you may not be able to fulfill.
Saki: What? Why? It's just buying a drink...
Tsukasa: How can you say that? Fads and fashions come and go.
Tsukasa: You couldn't buy one even if you wanted to if all the bubble tea shops closed down one day, right?
Saki: Oh, that's what you meant...
Tsukasa: There are a few more items on your list that are dependent on these ever-changing fads.
Tsukasa: So make hay while the sun shines! Without overworking yourself, of course.
Tsukasa: Go after the items on your list that are currently trending!
Saki: That's true, and I don't have to be afraid of missing out on the latest trends anymore! I'm all fired up now!
Tsukasa: You're going at a pretty good pace already. I remember you recently fulfilled the item about joining a school club, right?
Tsukasa: You make this all seem so effortless...but that's exactly what you would expect from my very own younger sister!
Saki: Hey, Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: Hm?
Saki: Thanks for suggesting the 100 Things to Do list to me.
Tsukasa: What's this all of a sudden?
Saki: The list helped me focus on the positive things I could do when I started going to school again.
Saki: I mean, I may have made a full recovery, but I'm in the recuperating stage, right?
Saki: It would have been so easy for me to not feel like doing anything at all because of worries about my health.
Saki: But the list makes every day so fun for me! I get to think about what new thing to try today, or what I should do first to fulfill another item on the list!
Saki: So it's because of you that I've been enjoying my school life so much!
Tsukasa: Oh, think nothing of it.
Tsukasa: I was only doing what any big brother would've done! Just keep relying on me for anything at all!
Saki: But you'll get easily carried away and goof up in the end...
Tsukasa: Hm? Did you say something?
Saki: Nope?
Tsukasa: Okay? Well, it's great that school seems to be going well for you. You get to hang out with your childhood friends Ichika, Honami, and Shiho too, right?
Saki: Ah... Yeah...
Tsukasa: What's wrong? Why the glum look? Meeting them again was the one thing you looked forward to the most, right?
Saki: Yeah... I'm in the same class as Ichi.
Saki: But Shiho and Hona are being very distant for some reason.
Tsukasa: Mhm. Maybe they're just awkward because it's been a while?
Saki: I hope so...
Saki: (But the way Ichika is acting makes me feel like there has to be something else going on...)
Saki: Tsukasa... Do you think the four of us could ever go back to being best friends again, like in the past?
Tsukasa: Hm... Not a clue!
Saki: Huh?! Shouldn't you be cheering me up with a confident, Of course you can! there?!
Tsukasa: Listen, sister dearest.
Tsukasa: What's more important is the present! And the future ahead!
Saki: The future...
Tsukasa: That's right! Set your eyes, not upon the unchangeable past, but the ever-changeable future of unlimited possibilities!
Tsukasa: Just work on making them your friends all over again! It'll be like tasting two delicious flavors with one bite!
Saki: Okay... Setting that strange analogy aside...
Saki: A future of unlimited possibilities, huh?
Tsukasa: Hmph. I have once again give birth to yet another memorable quote. Bow before my wisdom! Ha ha ha ha!
Saki: Eep! Qu-Quiet, Tsukasa! You're causing a disturbance!
Saki: (But... It's so amazing. When Tsukasa's the one saying it, it really feels like things will work out somehow.)
Saki: (Don't go back to the past, but look to the future...)
Saki: (Okay. I have to face Ichi, Hona, and Shiho properly, the way they are now!)
Saki: Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Yes?
Saki: Will you listen to me again if anything happens?
Tsukasa: I'm your big brother! Of course I will!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Saki: Humhumhuuum♪ Humhuum♪
Honami: Hehe. Saki seems really happy about something.
Ichika: Yeah. She's been like this since morning.
Saki: Hehe, because today's the day, right?
Saki: I've been looking forward to this since the day we decided we'd all go together♪
Shiho: That's fine, but make sure you can focus during practice.
Saki: Yes, ma'am! Okay, let's head to the studio right away!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Saki: Huuumhuhum♪ Humhuum♪
Saki: Come on, everyone, hurry up!
Ichika: She's gotten even more hyper than before practice.
Shiho: The way she gets completely carried away from her excitement is exactly like Tsukasa.
Honami: Hehe. They're siblings, after all!
Saki: Humhuhuum♪ Ah... The queue is already so long!
Shiho: Wow. I thought the craze already ended a while ago.
Saki: Shiho, how can you say that?!
Saki: This was the one thing I was looking forward to enjoying the most when I got discharged from the hospital!
Shiho: Fine, fine. Let's join the queue and stop blocking the way.
Saki: Hona, did you see how mean Shiho was to me?
Honami: It's okay! She said she'll buy extra toppings for you to make up for that. Didn't you, Shiho?
Shiho: What... Don't put words in my mouth, Honami!
Saki: Extra tapioca pearls♪ Extra tapioca pearls♪
Shiho: Sigh... Well, I guess I can afford some extra toppings... 
Saki: Speaking of toppings, this shop is famous for having lots!
Honami: Yes. Practically half the menu is taken up by toppings. Oh, I can't decide...
Saki: Hehe... My recommendation is the pudding!
Honami: There's pudding?! Oh, there really is...
Saki: I've heard that the custard is not too sweet and goes super well with the bitter taste of the caramel sauce!
Shiho: You've heard? So you haven't actually tried it before?
Saki: Hehehe... Anyone want to be the guinea pig?
Honami: Hm... I guess I'll give it a go. There's even a highly recommended sticker next to it on the menu.
Shiho: Um... Doesn't that make it hard to tell whether you're drinking milk tea or eating pudding?
Ichika: Hehe...
Saki: Ah! Sorry, Ichi! I should have included you in the discussion too.
Saki: Um, I wasn't trying to exclude you or anything, I promise!
Ichika: Hehe. I know that. You were just trying to explain things to them, since it's their first time, right?
Ichika: Hey, the queue just moved. Let's go.
(Black cut)
Shiho: We didn't have to wait as long as I thought.
Saki: Yeah! Well, let's try the drinks now!
Ichika, Honami, & Shiho: Oh!
Ichika: (You're not supposed to drink it so quickly!)
Honami: (The tapioca pearls will get stuck in her throat!)
Shiho: Saki, stop!
Saki: Mhm?
Ichika: Ah... Saki, why don't you slow down a little to fully savor the taste?
Honami: She's right! All those extra tapioca pearls you added would be gone in a flash if you drank so quickly!
Shiho: And make sure you chew properly.
Saki: You girls didn't happen to think that I'd choke on the tapioca pearls or something, did you?
Saki: You meanies! I'm not that clumsy!
Ichika: But you never know, right?
Honami: It's better to be safe than sorry.
Shiho: You were so excited today, it wouldn't surprise me at all if something as silly as that did happen.
Saki: Don't be such worrywarts.
Saki: (This really brings back memories, though.)
Saki: (I hope we can all stay together forever, even if it's just for doing ordinary stuff like this every day!)
(Black cut)
