109_Saki Tenma_R4 Rainy Distance (event_1)

Gacha phrase: I want to see everyone...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: And that's my homework done!
Saki: There's club tomorrow too. I can't wait to go to school♪
Saki: Oh! I should also start thinking about which shift to take next at my part-time job!
Saki: Hm... I want to fill my schedule with as much fun stuff as possible, but I have band practice and club, so...
Saki: Uh... There are so many things I want to do, but not enough time to do them all!
Saki: Ah! No, wait a minute!
Saki: If I get too greedy and start doing everything at once, I'll just fall sick again.
Saki: Sigh...
Saki: (Why do I always fall sick at the worst possible times?)
Saki: I guess I should prioritize staying healthy over all else!
Saki: Oh. Maybe I can find a useful website about this if I do some research on my smartphone!
Saki: Let's see, I'll search for... Ah!
Saki: Hehe, I found something good♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Honami: So sorry I'm late!
Shiho: We weren't waiting that long.
Ichika: Yeah. Okay, let's eat.
Saki: Yup! Time to dig in!
Ichika: Why are you holding on to your smartphone, though?
Shiho: Don't tell me you mistook it for chopsticks or something.
Saki: Of course not! I'm just taking a picture!
Honami: Picture? Of your lunch?
Saki: Yup! Heh heh heh! I found this really useful app yesterday. Look!
Saki: This is an app that helps you manage your health♪ And it's got such a cute design too!
Ichika: Wow, it really is cute. What does it actually do?
Saki: I think it records your temperature and weight, and also comes with a pedometer. You can also keep tabs on your meals by taking pictures!
Honami: So that's why you were trying to take a picture.
Saki: Yeah! But it doesn't just keep records! The app also informs you about what nutrients you may be lacking in your diet!
Saki: It even gives out beauty tips and great advice on how to lose weight!
Saki: There's more! Using the app earns you points, which you can then exchange for freebies!
Ichika: Wow!
Shiho: Sounds like a case of too good to be true to me, though?
Saki: Not possible! I did my own research on the company that produced this app, and it's all good. See? This company!
Honami: Oh, this company makes health foods. I know about them because I often come across their commercials.
Ichika: That means the app was made by a reputable company.
Shiho: I guess that means it's safe to use, then.
Saki: Told you! Anyway, I'm gonna make full use of this app to get even healthier than ever!
Saki: Zero absences, here I come!
Honami: Hehe, you're such an amazing person, Saki.
Saki: No?
Ichika: Yeah. You're always so positive, and that's amazing.
Shiho: Just don't forget that we're here for you, so don't hold back if you ever need help from us, understand?
Saki: Oh...
Saki: (She's right. I have three friends I've known since I was little right here with me, who care so much about me!)
Saki: Yup! You bet I will!
Shiho: Make sure you remember that.
Saki: Hehe. Thanks, Shiho! I love you♪
Shiho: Hey! Stop it, Saki! Don't be like my sister!
Saki: But why? I'm just trying to show how much I love you♪
Shiho: Ichika, Honami, stop watching and help me!
Ichika: Hmm, what should I do...
Honami: Hehe. But Shiho looks so happy!
Shiho: D-Don't say that! Now Saki's going to do it more!
Saki: Hehe♪ I looove you!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Saki: That was a nice meal!
Ichika: Oh, we still have some time before lunch break is over. What should we do?
Shiho: It's too short for us to go over to SEKAI for some practice.
Saki: In that case, let's think about where we should go for our next outing!
Honami: Good idea. We have just enough time to do that.
Ichika: Ah, what about the astronomical observatory?
Saki: That event won't be held again for some time...
Saki: But we already had our play-planetarium session in SEKAI, so let's save it for another day!
Honami: So, somewhere other than an astronomical observatory?
Shiho: By the way, Saki, is there anywhere you want to go?
Saki: I'll be honest... The aquarium!
Ichika: Ah, the place Kiritani was telling us about?
Saki: Yup! Apparently, the penguin petting corner is only a limited time event!
Shiho: Huh, penguins... That does sound interesting.
Saki: Totally, right? All of you should share with us the places you're keen to visit too!
Honami: In that case, it's a little far, but I was hoping we could go to the shopping tower together too.
Saki: Oh! That huge place that's at least three times bigger than the usual shopping malls?!
Honami: Yes. They hold events like band performances and idol live shows there during holidays too.
Saki: Sounds great! There's sure to be enough things for us to see and do for an entire day in such a big place!
Shiho: If we're going to be out for an entire day...wouldn't it be better to go to Phoenix Wonderland instead?
Saki: Hehe. You're such a huge fan of Phoenix Wonderland, Shiho♪
Honami: Oh, is it because there are new Pheeny mascots being released?
Shiho: What makes you say that? I'm only mentioning it because Tsukasa said something about performing there when we were at Saki's place.
Ichika: Hehe. Well, let's leave it as that, then.
Saki: Mhm... Everything sounds good. I wanna visit them all!
Ichika: Then, why don't we do just that?
Ichika: Not in a single day, of course, but it should be completely doable if we go on an outing once every month.
Shiho: Well, that's a reasonable pace that won't affect our practice or part-time jobs, I guess.
Honami: Going on an outing once every month means we'll be able to cover all those places mentioned just now in three months.
Saki: Three months... That's pretty long, but I'm sure time will pass by really quickly if I keep thinking about how I can go out with everyone soon!
Ichika: That's right. Whether it's a place that you want to visit or we want to visit, we'll go to them all.
Honami: Yes. If we prepare well and draw up a good schedule, we should be able to do everything we want to.
Shiho: I'll go along with that. We're childhood friends, after all.
Saki: Ichi, Hona, Shiho!
Saki: I'm so lucky to have such wonderful childhood friends with me!
Ichika: What? Are you okay?
Shiho: Flattering us won't get you anything, you know.
Saki: Come on, that's not what I was after!
Saki: Ichi, Hona, and Shiho.
Saki: Let's stay together forever and ever!
Saki: (From now on, I'll keep treasuring every single day that I get to be together with them.)
(Black cut)
