128_Saki Tenma_R2 Sports Festival Committee! (event_4)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, Emu Otori)

[A few days after the Sports Festival]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Saki: Hehe... Teehee...
Ichika: Oh, Saki... Are you still looking at Sports Festival pictures?
Saki: Yeah! I took heaps and slowly sorting them into albums on my phone...
Saki: I can't bring myself to deleting any of them, so I'm still stuck with this mountain of photos.
Ichika: Hehe. You might be at it for some time then. It goes to show you really enjoyed that day.
Saki: Sigh... And it's hard to believe that it's already been a week since then...
Ichika: You were so busy with the committee too. I'm glad everything went well.
Saki: And you were super worried about my health during the lead-up to sports day too.
Ichika: Huh? Wait, how...?
Saki: It was all over your face!
Saki: But I'm way stronger now compared to when I caught that cold last time.
Ichika: Yeah. You helped organize the whole event and even took part in it yourself.
Saki: Right? I had to make sure it was gonna be the best sports day ever!
Saki: But I couldn't have done it without Haruka and Emu!
Ichika: Yeah, they put in a lot of effort into it too.
Saki: Yup. But that wasn't all they just did!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[Sometime before the Sports Festival]

Emu: Heeey! Haruka!
Haruka: Oh, Otori. How did practice go for the three-legged race?
Emu: Oh, um... Yeah, it was good!
Saki: Oh... Haruka. Emu. Are you staying back today too?
Haruka: Yes. There's something I should get done before I leave.
Saki: But you stayed so late yesterday too. I feel bad for not realizing it'd end up being so much work.
Haruka: No, you don't need to apologize.
Saki: But... I invited you to join the committee after saying it wouldn't take up that much time, and it turns out I couldn't have been more wrong.
Haruka: You invited me, but it was my own decision to help Emu put her grand ideas into practice.
Haruka: Besides, if I hadn't joined the committee, I'd never have found out how satisfying it can be to organize the event instead of only participating in it.
Saki: (She really seems to be enjoying this work.)
Saki: (I really should do more too... But...)
Haruka: Hm? Is something wrong?
Saki: Uh, no... Well, I'd like your opinion on something...
Emu: Our opinion?
Saki: You see... A while ago, I tried to organize an event for Ichi and my old friends. It was supposed to be a trip to the observatory...
Saki: But between school, band practice and my part-time job, I ended up overdoing it and got caught a cold...
Saki: I didn't understand my own limits very well back then. I could do it all in my mind, but not physically.
Saki: This may sound crazy coming from me but...
Saki: Along with organizing it, I want to compete in some Sports Festival events too.
Saki: But that might make things harder for you two, and you might have to pick up my slack...
Saki: So... I really need your help with this!
Emu: You... Need my help? Haruka! We're helping someone!!
Haruka: Haha, yeah.
Haruka: Don't worry about it, Tenma.
Haruka: You don't have to take on more work than what you're comfortable with, and you can count on us for the rest.
Emu: Yeah♪ It'd be a shame if you didn't get to be in any events after working so hard to make it all happen!
Emu: I want everyone to have fun! Including you, Saki!
Saki: Emu...
Saki: Okay... Thanks!
Saki: Oh, but feel free to ask me for help too!
Saki: I'll do everything that I can!
Haruka: I know first-hand how easy it is to push yourself too hard too, so go at your own pace and remember that we're all in this together!
Saki: Yeah!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: Ah, that was very nice of them.
Classmate: Huh. You really like penguins that much, Haruka?
Haruka: Yeah. I just love how adorably round they are.
Ichika: Have you noticed that more people have been going up to Haruka to talk with her?
Saki: Yeah. They used to treat her a bit like a guest or something before, but I guess that's changed.
Ichika: I have to think the Sports Festival has a lot to do with that.
Saki: Really...?
Ichika: You inviting her to join the committee and having to engage with a lot of students helped break the ice.
Saki: Hehehe. So does that mean I was able to help her out too?
Ichika: Yes. I certainly think so.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Emu Otori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Emu: Heeey! Saki! Haruka! I finally made it!
Haruka: Good, you're here. That's everyone so...
Saki: Yeah! The Sports Festival Planning Committee has one last job to do!
(Black cut)

[Class 1-A]

Saki: Shiho, Minori... Thank you for taking the time to do this!
Shiho: No problem. What's up?
Saki: You took a lot of photos during the Sports Festival, right? Mind sending them over to me too?
Shiho: Oh, you want my pictures?
Saki: We're gathering as many as we can and choosing the best ones to put in the yearbook♪
Saki: For example... This one's definitely going in!
Shiho: What's that...? No, wait!
Minori: Aww, it's Shiho during the ball toss!
Emu: Seeing all those animal designs gave the most wonderhoy smile!
Shiho: I-I didn't realize someone was taking pics of me...
Saki: Hehehe... You know it was us who made all of those, right?
Saki: We drew animals on them hoping to get a cute reaction from you!
Shiho: Are you serious about putting this one in the yearbook?
Saki: Dead serious!
Saki: So anyway, we're looking for great shots like this one!
Saki: If you have any more like that one, please send it my way!
Minori: Oh, I see...! I wish could send you something, but I only took videos...
Minori: Wait, I think Kohane might be able to help...!
Shiho: Yeah, she was taking pics with a DSLR. She must've taken lots of good photos.
Saki: Cool! That sounds promising!
Minori: She went to have lunch, so I'll let her know you need her photos when she gets back!
Haruka: Great! Thanks, Minori!
(Black cut)

[Class 1-B]

Honami: You need photos for the yearbook?
Saki: Yeah! If you have any good ones that you can share, let me know!
Honami's Classmate: Oh, then I can help...! It has Honami and Emu in it!
Honami's Classmate: Here, this one!
Honami: Huh! Oh my goodness...!
Emu: Hey! It's us eating an apple pie together!
Saki: Haha! That's priceless! You both looked up at the camera with the best expression!
Honami's Classmate: I called out to them saying that I wanted to take a picture, and they both turned towards camera with the exact same face!
Honami: Nooo, please stop staring! My mouth's wide open and it so embarrassing!
Saki: But it's sooo cute! It totally deserves an award!
Haruka: Yeah. And it captures how close you two are so well.
Haruka: It would be great addition for the yearbook. Would that be okay, Mochizuki?
Honami: Huh?! Oh, um...
Emu: Honamiii...!
Saki: We're begging you...!
Honami: Uh... Well... If you all like it so much...
Saki: Thanks, Hona!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Class 1-C)
Emu: Wow, we got so many photos!
Haruka: Everyone was happy to share their pictures with us, so it didn't take long to get enough good ones.
Saki: I guess it's because they all had a great time during the Sport Festival and wanted to share their joy!
Saki: Each of the pictures they sent us today... They're all treasured memories from their wonderful teenage lives...
Emu: And we helped make these memories!
Haruka: Yes, we did.
Saki: (We won't be able to use every photo for the yearbook...)
Saki: (But I hope the ones we choose will help everyone remember how excited they were that day.)
Haruka: Once we hand them over to the head of the student council, our work is officially done...
Emu: Yup! And it was sooo much fun organizing the Sports Festival with you, Saki, Haruka!
Saki: Me too!
Saki: (I'm so glad I did this!)
Haruka: Now, shall we?
Saki & Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)
