153_Saki Tenma_R3 Most Important Wish (event_9)

Gacha phrase: I'm gonna get my wish granted!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Shrine Hall]

Saki: Oh, everyone! Look! We can make wish plaques here!
Saki: Since we're here, we should write our wishes from earlier!
Shiho: But we already made our wishes. Do we really need to do this all over again?
Saki: What if this doubles the chances of them coming true?
Ichika: Well, I guess so...
Honami: Yeah. It's a New Year tradition too so...
Shiho: Okay.
Honami: Earlier, there were so many people standing behind me that I sort of cut it short...
Honami: But you're supposed to thank the spirits for watching over you and let them know your name and where you're from.
Saki: Really? I never knew that, Hona...!
Saki: I didn't tell the spirits any of that, so I better put that on the wish plaque!
Shiho: Hold your horses! That's your personal information. Are you sure you want that to become public information?
Saki: Yeah, but...
Ichika: You could just write your first name?
Ichika: Look, lots of other people wrote their first names on these plaques.
Saki: But what if the spirits mistake me for some other Saki?
Saki: Wait, I know what I'll do! I'll draw my face next to my name!
Honami: Wait... Your face?
Shiho: Saki, do you really want to have your wish granted that much?
Saki: Of course! I really, REALLY want to have it come true!
Saki: Let's all draw our faces on the wish plaques!
Honami: Um... That's a nice idea... But I'll pass...
Shiho: Yeah. You might spook even the spirits with your art, Honami.
Ichika: On the contrary, her unique style might draw their attention.
Honami: Guys, please...
Saki: Hey! Stop picking on Hona!
Shiho: I think you should do the drawing for all of us, since it was your brilliant idea.
Honami: Yes. I'd like that, too.
Saki: You sure? Okay, I'll draw you really cute!
Saki: Big eyes with long eyelashes... Your hair tied like this and... Done!
Ichika: Wow, it's minimalistic but you captured her characteristics.
Honami: Oh, wow! Thank you, Saki! It's so cute, I feel like I owe you!
Saki: You owe me nothing, Hona! I just hope you get your wish granted too!
Honami: Thanks!
Shiho: By the way, Saki, what did you wish for?
Ichika: Oh, I'm curious to know too.
Shiho: Yeah. What is it that you want granted so badly?
Saki: Teehee. Okay then, are you ready? Ta-da...! Take a look♪
Ichika: It says, I want to be with my besties forever! Hehe. I guessed as much.
Shiho: Are you sure you want to go with this one? You already made this wish before.
Saki: Well, I have lots of wishes and it was a tough choice...
Saki: I want to get better at playing the keyboard, not miss out on any of the school events by being sick and...
Saki: I want school, clubs, work, hanging out and everything else to be nothing but fun!
Ichika: Hehe. That is a lot of wishes.
Saki: Hehehe...
Saki: But you know what? I realized that none of those things would be fun if I didn't have you guys.
Saki: So the wish I want granted most is for us to be together!
Honami: Aww, Saki...
Ichika: I'm all for that. Let's have another fun year together!
Shiho: Then you should make it clear when you write out your wish.
Saki: Yup!
Saki: (Kind spirits, make my wish come true. Pretty please!)
Shiho: What should we do next?
Honami: We could walk around some more and take a look at the stalls we missed. Miku and Luka will be happy to hear about everything we see!
Ichika: Okay, let's do that. And then... Oh!
Ichika: Look at all those stars! Is that one Orion's Belt?
Saki: Really? Where?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: So I substitute this number in and... Hey! I think I got it!
Honami: ...
Shiho: ...
Ichika: Sigh...
Saki: What's the matter, Ichi? Do you need help with something?
Ichika: No, I think I'm just too tired to focus.
Ichika: Ugh... There's no end to this homework. Winter break's so short, but they gave us so much!
Shiho: I know, right? They split mathematics into geometry and statistics, so it's like double the amount too...
Honami: Why don't we take a break?
Saki: Yeah, sounds good!
(Black cut)
Saki: Alright, here's some sugary brain food for you! Candy and juice!
Ichika: Thanks, Saki!
Shiho: I get it that the brain runs on sugar, but did you really have to bring us this much stuff?
Saki: Why not? Maybe it'll make your personality sweeter too♪
Shiho: Oh? What was that...?
Honami: Hehe.
Shiho: Anyway, I get that Honami can really focus on this stuff, but I'm surprised that you can too, Saki.
Saki: Hey, just who do you think I am?
Shiho: I meant that as a compliment.
Ichika: Saki's fairly active when it comes to class participation. She asks the teacher a lot of questions too.
Saki: Hehe. It's just so much fun studying with everyone!
Shiho: Wait... You think studying is fun?
Saki: Yeah. I missed out on all of this until recently.
Saki: Everyone hates exams and stuff, but to me, they're just another element of school life I've been missing out on!
Shiho: I see...
Ichika: Portraying exams as a special event, huh? That's so you, Saki.
Honami: It really is.
Honami: You must have missed doing homework together too.
Honami: When was the last time we met up like this? It must've been during elementary school. Remember when we did our summer assignments together?
Saki: Yeah! We all helped each other out with our research projects!
Saki: It feels great to be able to do stuff like this with you all again!
Shiho: And stuff yourself with sweets too, right?
Honami: Speaking of which... Saki's mom always seems to have a lot of snacks and juice ready for us.
Saki: D-Don't get the wrong idea...!
Ichika: Hm...? Saki, is your phone ringing?
Saki: It might just be an app notification... Oh, awesome!!
Saki: Look, guys! I won a healthy food hamper from a New Year's raffle!
Honami: Is that the health app you installed a while back...?
Shiho: So you're still using it, huh?
Saki: Of course I am! It helps me stay healthy, so that I never miss a day at school or turn up late for classes!
Honami: With that sort of commitment, you should be just fine. Plus, you made that wish when we went to the shrine.
Ichika: I wouldn't be so optimistic about her never being late. She takes forever to get her hair and makeup done every morning.
Shiho: Or she could just oversleep.
Saki: What?! Hey! Hona...! They're bullying me...!
Honami: Huh, hey...! Oh, okay. There, there...
Ichika: W-Watch out! You'll spill everything...!
Shiho: You knocked some cookies onto the floor!
Saki: Don't worry, I'll eat them! You know, the three-second rule!
Shiho: Let's just pick them up so we don't step on them. There's one over there too.
Saki: Got it! Oh, there's another here... Oww!
Shiho: Oof...!
Honami: Y-You ran right into each other...
Ichika: Are you two okay?
Shiho: No, I'm not... Saki, your head felt like a ton of bricks...
Saki: What? You're one to talk!
Honami: Hehe. It seems you're both fine.
Ichika: Haha. Looks like it.
Saki: Hey, stop laughing at us...!
(Black cut)
