158_Saki Tenma_R3 Unseen Assistance (event_10)

Gacha phrase: Let's go have some apple pies!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Saki: Shiho! Over here!
Ichika: You managed to slip out from your class meeting too, Shiho?
Shiho: Yeah. Today was just schedule planning. I already wrote down when I'll be available and passed it on, so I should be okay.
Saki: Great! Next stop: Hona's class!
(Black cut)

[Class 1-B - Doorway]

Saki: I wonder if Hona's gonna be okay...
Ichika: I hope so. As long as she manages to make herself clear to everyone else...
Shiho: To be fair, her class isn't the only one that hasn't decided on a song yet, but they definitely do need to act soon.
Saki: Yup! And we're here to give her our full support!
Ichika: Support her by sneakily trying to peep into her classroom...?
Shiho: Didn't you proudly reassure her during lunch that you believed she'd be able to tell them how she really felt or something like that?
Saki: But I'm still really worried about her...!
Saki: Shiho, you slipped out of your class meeting to join us here because you're worried too, right?
Shiho: I'm here because I don't want the person who messaged us about meeting here to lose control of herself and end up making things worse.
Saki: Oh, come on! Just admit you're worried about her too!
Shiho: Okay, okay. Wait, didn't we do something like this before?
Ichika: Oh, you mean when we went to talk to Honami's friends from her class about what happened in junior high?
Saki: Shh! They're starting their discussion...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-B]

Classmate A: It's not like we'll be making any progress since there are some people who just aren't motivated about it.
Classmate B: How about we vote again? I'm sure most of us just want to get it over with already.
Classmates: Yeah, just pick something already...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: Whoa... This is going south fast...
Saki: Hmm... They're totally split down the middle between people that want to give it a try and people that don't...
Ichika: Yeah...
Saki: (You can do this, Hona...!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Honami: Everyone, please settle down.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saki: ...!
Ichika: Honami, you can do this...!
Shiho: Give it to them straight!
(Black cut)
Saki: Phew... She did it...
Ichika: She did. And I think the rest now understand how she feels too...
Shiho: Well, this is Honami we're talking about. I knew this would be a piece of cake for her.
Saki: Oh, really? I thought I just heard a certain someone cheer her on by saying, Give it to them straight!
Shiho: That was, well...
Ichika: Hehe!
Honami's Voice (Honami): Now that we've taken care of that, I'll go tell the committee what we've chosen.
Honami: Huh?
Saki: Uh oh...
Honami: Saki, Ichika and Shiho?! What are you doing here?!
Saki: Oh, haha... No reason♪
Saki: Well, since our cover's blown...! You're off to see the committee chairman, right? We'll walk with you for a bit!
(Black cut)
Honami: Wait, all of you left your own class meetings to come here because you were worried about me?
Saki: Yup. I know it sounds like we're being overbearing but...
Ichika: You had so much on your plate, it was hard for us to focus on our own class discussions.
Saki: Oh, I guess we were totally eavesdropping too, huh? Haha... Sorry about that.
Honami: No, it's okay. Thank you, actually.
Honami: You were all looking out for me... I'm grateful for your support.
Shiho: But you're the one that made it work, Honami!
Saki: Yeah, it was all you!
Saki: You were so awesome back there! You told everyone how you really felt, and got them to move in the same direction!
Saki: I don't care what anyone else says... You're amazing and deserve all my respect!
Honami: Saki...
Honami: Yeah. Thank you!
Saki: Hehehe... But we're still recital rivals, okay?
Saki: No one other than my class is taking home the gold. Not even my precious childhood friend... Right, Ichi?
Ichika: Right.
Shiho: That's funny because my class is getting into it too. This could get interesting.
Honami: Alright then, no holding back! Let's make it a serious competition!
Saki: Yeah! Our class is definitely gonna win!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Saki: Let's dig in!
Saki: Hehehe... It feels like it's been so long since the four of us had lunch together like this!
Ichika: We were all so busy practicing for the recital and didn't have any time to meet.
Honami: Right. But now that it's over, we can finally get together for lunch again.
Saki: Yeah! Especially you, Hona! You did such a good job!
Saki: And I was thinking... Why not throw a Job-Well-Done Party at my house for your reward!
Ichika: A Job-Well-Done Party?
Shiho: Don't be fooled. She just wants an excuse to have fun is all.
Saki: N-No way! I would never dream of using Hona for my own purposes!
Ichika: Hehe. Seems suspicious.
Honami: Hehe. Actually, I don't mind. It's been a while since we all hung out too.
Saki: Yesss! Okay, after we finish band practice this weekend, we'll head straight to my house!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Let Hona's Job-Well-Done Party begin!
Saki: And to start off, allow me to say... Great job on the choir recital, Hona!
Honami: Thank you. You all did great too.
Saki: Alright, let's do this... Cheers!
Ichika, Shiho, & Honami: Cheers!
Ichika: A lot did happen, but the recital sort of just breezed by in the end.
Saki: Yeah. We didn't win the gold either, but at least we all got to work together on something again!
Saki: But I wish we could look back on the recital like we did with all the pictures everyone took during the Sports Festival.
Shiho: Only choir recital committee members were allowed to film the actual recital so...
Honami: Actually, I have a few photos. I asked a friend on the committee to take them for me because I really wanted something memorable.
Saki: I knew we could count on you, Hona!
Honami: Don't worry, all of you are in the photos. Let's see... Oh, here!. This is Shiho's class singing.
Saki: Yeah it is! And there's Shiho! You seem really into it too!
Shiho: What do you mean seem? Everyone would know if we lip-synced.
Ichika: Oh, this is our class! Hehe. Saki was trying so hard...!
Saki: I really wanted to win gold! But Hona's class was way too good.
Ichika: They really were something else.
Shiho: I agree. They definitely deserved to win.
Honami: Hehe. Thanks, everyone!
Saki: ...
(Black cut)
Shiho: Whoa... It's pretty late. I have to go to work soon.
Ichika: Shall we call it a day?
Saki: I wish we could keep going, but I guess we should.
Saki: Oh, I'll take care of cleaning up too. Just leave your cups and snacks wherever.
Ichika: We can't make you clean up by yourself. I'll take the cups to the kitchen.
Shiho: I'll help too.
Honami: Okay. Saki and I can sort out the remaining snacks.
Saki: And we can split the leftovers between us!
Honami: Hehe. Good idea.
Saki: ...
Saki: Um, Hona?
Honami: Hm? Yes?
Saki: This may sound weird, but...
Saki: Did I help?
Honami: What?
Saki: Remember how I kept going on about you not being alone because you have us...?
Saki: But it feels like I couldn't really do anything to help you in the end...
Saki: And I wasn't there for you for most of junior high because I was in the hospital.
Honami: Saki...
Honami: Did you throw this party for me because of that?
Saki: Well, um... I really can't hide anything from you, can I? Does that mean Ichi and Shiho knew too?
Honami: Yes. I'm pretty sure they did.
Honami: But you don't have to worry, Saki. You were a big help by just being yourself.
Honami: The same goes for Ichika and Shiho. I was able to face this problem head-on because you were all there for me.
Saki: Hona...
Shiho: So that's what was bothering you?
Ichika: I thought so.
Saki: Hey! You two heard all that?! And what do you mean, I thought so? You were all onto me...?!
Ichika: How long have we known each other? But you might be giving us too much credit too...
Saki: B-But I had to know if I was at least able to contribute a little after talking so big...!
Saki: Yeah, it's that! I'm just trying to take responsibility for what I said!
Honami: Hehe. I appreciate that, Saki. And thank you too, Ichika and Shiho. I couldn't have done this without all of you.
Saki: Hona...
Saki: Hehehe. You're welcome...!
(Black cut)
