185_Saki Tenma_R4 The Best Doll Festival! (event_16)

Gacha phrase: They're my precious dolls!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: Humhummhuuum♪ Good morning, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Saki? You seem to be in a good mood this morning.
Saki: Hehe. Do I?
Saki: I just looked at the calendar and saw that there's only two weeks left until the Doll Festival♪
Saki: I haven't been able to really celebrate since I was little, so I'm super excited!
Tsukasa: Ah, I see...
Tsukasa: Then we'll just have to make up for it all this year!
Saki: Really? Then can we have a Doll Festival party and invite the girls too?!
Tsukasa: That's a great idea! I'll help you in any way I can!
Saki: Yay! I'll tell them about it during band practice!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Alright, that should be enough practice for today.
Ichika: Okay. Good work, everyone!
Miku (Ln): You were really great today, Saki.
MEIKO: I agree. She stayed in rhythm the entire time!
Luka: Yes. She even threw in some nice improvisations too.
Honami: Hehe. Did something good happen, Saki?
Shiho: Maybe she got a snack with a prize in it or something?
Saki: Heh heh heh. Better!
Ichika: Better...?
Saki: Hehehe♪ I have an announcement to make...!
Saki: The Doll Festival is two weeks from now and I'm having a party to celebrate!
Shiho: A Doll Festival party?
Saki: Yup! It's been so long since I got to celebrate at home too, which is why I want to do something big. Tsukasa even said he'd help out♪
Ichika: Oh, okay... You were always sick or in the hospital around this time of year so...
Saki: But I'm all better now! That's why I want to celebrate and make up for all that time I lost!
Ichika: Then we should start getting ready.
Honami: Okay. We'll help you out too, Saki!
Saki: Thanks, you two!
Saki: Shiho, you'll come party with us too, right? 
Shiho: I'm guessing you won't stop asking until I say yes so...
Saki: Duh! I really want you to be there too!
Saki: So... Will you come?
Shiho: Yes, okay...
Shiho: If I stay at home, my sister's just gonna make up some excuse about it being a day to celebrate sisterhood and never leave me alone so...
Honami: Hahaha... Oh, Shizuku...
Luka: Hehe. Good for you, Saki!
Saki: Thanks!
Shiho: Wait, I get that you want to make up for lost time, but is the Doll Festival really something you can make this big a deal about...?
Saki: Hehehe...
Ichika: Ah, that definitely means there's a reason.
Saki: Our doll stand is huge! I always loved setting it up every year with my family and looked forward to it every year ever since I was little...
Saki: But like Ichi said, I was always sick or in the hospital around this time.
Saki: And there was one year when I felt more depressed than usual too. I think it was back in elementary school...
Saki: But Tsukasa, he...!
Shiho: Tsukasa...?
Saki: Oh, uh... I take that back! Let's talk about the party instead!
Ichika: If you leave us hanging like that, it'll just make us want to know more...
Honami: She's right. I think everyone else agrees too, right?
MEIKO: Right. But I think Saki wants to save it for later, no?
Luka: Okay, we'll just have her tell us in private later then.
Miku (Ln): Then that settles that.
Ichika: Wait, just them? Can't you just tell us, Saki?
Saki: Nope♪ You'll just have to wait until the day of!
Shiho: So that's how you're playing this?
Honami: If that's the case, Saki... How about THIS...?!
Saki: Wah, H-Hona! Nooo! Stop...! That tickles...!!
Ichika: I'll get her from this side...!
Saki: I-Ichi...?! Hahahaha! No, stop...!!
Ichika: Do you feel like talking now?
Saki: Hahaha! N-Nope...! It wouldn't mean anything unless I tell you while showing you those dolls...!
Ichika: Darn. You're so stubborn...
Luka: Hehe. I believe Saki's won this round.
Saki: Don't worry. I'll tell you during the party, so stay tuned!
Ichika: Then we'll just have to wait.
Honami: And we'll be looking forward to your party, Saki.
Saki: Yeah! It's gonna be so much fun!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-B]

Saki: Oh, there you are! Hona, good morning!
Honami: Good morning, Saki. Thank you for inviting me to your Doll Festival party the other day.
Saki: No, I should be the one thanking you! Being able to celebrate with everyone there was so much fun!
Saki: And about Tsukasa... Thank you so much!
Honami: Hehe. You're very welcome.
Saki: By the way, Hona... Are you free today after school?
Honami: Yes, I think so...
Saki: Really?! Then can you help me out with something? Please!
Honami: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: I'm home...!
Saki: Good! Tsukasa hasn't come home yet. Hona, come inside!
Honami: Oh, okay... If you say so...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Hona, there's juice and snacks too, so have whatever you like!
Honami: Thank you, Saki. Um... So what exactly am I going to be helping you with?
Saki: About that... Can you take a look at this?
Honami: Oh, aren't these the dolls you showed us during the party?
Honami: You said Tsukasa brought them to you when you were in the hospital the one time...
Saki: Yup! And they mean the world to me!
Saki: But their kimonos, like the sleeves and stuff, are starting to fall apart... See?
Honami: Oh, you're right. I was wondering about that too...
Saki: Tsukasa went through so much to deliver these to me then and it's one of my most precious memories...
Saki: But it apparently kept bothering him too all this time, so I thought some love and care might be necessary.
Saki: You know, so that Tsukasa stops feeling bad about how they look now?
Honami: Saki...
Saki: That's why I want to ask how you might fix these, Hona. You have amazing sewing skills so...! 
Honami: Me...?
Saki: Do you think it's possible...?
Honami: It may be a little difficult, but I think it's possible. Let's try together.
Saki: Thank you, master! Please show me the way!
Honami: Hehe. How about we start with the emperor?
(Black cut)
Saki: ...
Saki: Hnng... Ow!
Honami: Saki, are you okay?!
Saki: Y-Yeah... *Sigh*... I've poked myself so many times already...
Honami: These dolls wear such tiny kimonos but they're so elaborately put together. It's no wonder we're having such a tough time.
Honami: Oh, Saki... If the arm inseam is too much, I can do it for you.
Saki: Thanks. But...!
Saki: This is about me and Tsukasa, so I should be the one to do it!
Honami: Okay. I understand...
Saki: Oh... What about this, Hona? Should I line up the patterns on the fabric before sewing them together?
Honami: Yes, and after that...
(Black cut)
Saki: Done... Finally!!
Honami: Great work, Saki! I can't believe you really did everything by yourself!
Saki: You explained everything in a way that was really easy to understand! Thank you so much, Hona!
Tsukasa: Saki, I'm home. Hm? Is everyone else here too?
Saki: *Gasp*...! T-Tsukasa?!
Saki: We have to hide the dolls...!
Saki: Welcome home, Tsukasa!
Honami: Hello.
Tsukasa: Hm? Just Honami today?
Tsukasa: Stay as long as you like, or well, within reason...
Honami: Yes, thank you!
Saki: *Sigh*... I think we're in the clear...
Honami: Saki, why did you hide them? You spent all that time working so hard...
Saki: I know, but I thought that it might be a nice way to surprise Tsukasa next year when we set them up♪
Saki: I'm also hoping that we'll be able to have another Doll Festival party with everyone next year too!
Honami: Hehe. I see... We'll all be looking forward to it.
Saki: Oh, uh... Hona...? Can you make this our little secret until next year?
Honami: Of course!
(Black cut)
