209_Saki Tenma_R4 Chatting By The Window (event_20)

Gacha phrase: Someday, we'll put on a show♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

[One day, during lunch]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Saki: Haruka, we're back♪
Haruka: Welcome back, Tenma, Hoshino. Did you get what you were after?
Ichika: We did. Thank you for waiting too.
Saki: An epic battle to see who can get the best bread! Something you can only experience in high school♪
Ichika: But doing this every day would be a little much. I wish we could go buy them before lunch too.
Haruka: Hehe. I see you got another yakisoba bun, Hoshino?
Ichika: Yes. I can't help but buy them.
Saki: And I got a hold of a melon bread today♪
Ichika: You've been craving one since yesterday too.
Saki: Hey, passing by the melon bread shop after practicing so much really didn't help! I was starving!
Saki: I should pat myself on the back for not immediately giving in to temptation there.
Haruka: Practice? Oh, you mean band practice?
Saki: Yup!
Saki: Oh, right!
Saki: You've done a ton of shows, Haruka, so I was wondering... What's it like to perform in one? What's it like to do a show?!
Ichika: Saki, that doesn't sound like a fair question.
Haruka: Hehe. It's okay. What's it like...?
Haruka: They're always short, only a few hours, but you get to see all these fans gather and have fun together...
Saki: Yeah, and...?!
Haruka: They're an important chance to directly reach out to them with your music. It's a time when you and your fans get to come together as one.
Ichika: As one...
Haruka: And the sea of glow sticks is so beautiful since it looks like everyone's bursting with light and energy.
Haruka: As each song starts, the venue shakes as the crowd cheers and you can hear everyone from even on the third deck. It's an incredible feeling...
Saki: Whoa...! That sounds awesome!
Ichika: But we have something a little less grandiose in mind for now...
Ichika: ASRUN shows always seemed to have fairly high attendance figures, didn't they...?
Haruka: That may be true, but it also depended on the venue as well. When our tours included the big domes, we'd get anywhere between 30,000 and 50,000 guests...
Saki: 50,000?! Hold on... How many does the gym seat?
Ichika: I don't know...? At the very least, everyone in the school would have to fit, which means...?
Haruka: I'm sorry. That probably won't help you much...
Saki: No, don't say that! The part about shows being super fun and exciting sounded amazing!
Ichika: But even then, 50,000 is something else. I'm not sure I'd be able to sing in front of so many people...
Ichika: I get nervous even when I talk in front of everyone during student council meetings.
Saki: Yeah, I get jittery whenever I have to announce anything in class too. I can't imagine what it would be like to do that in front of the entire school...
Haruka: Hehe. I was the same when I just debuted. I always felt so nervous.
Saki: Haruka? Feeling nervous?
Haruka: Yes. Sometimes my mind would go completely blank and I still don't remember what happened during my first few shows.
Saki: Wait, really?! How did you get used to being on stage like that?!
Haruka: It wasn't so much about getting used to things as it was about realizing something. When my fans started calling my name and cheering for me, I figured it out.
Haruka: I knew then that they're on my side and that there's no need for me to be afraid.
Saki: Oh, okay! That would make performing in front of them a lot more fun, huh?
Haruka: Exactly. They're the difference. They make it happen.
Ichika: I think I understand where you're coming from...
Ichika: I've been training in secret for a little while now, and I got a taste of that too...
Saki: Yeah! You still haven't told us anything about what you've been doing! Please, Ichi, tell us...!
Ichika: I think I'll keep it a secret for a little while longer. I'll tell you everything soon.
Saki: Aww...
Saki: (But I didn't know fans could make such a huge difference. To be fair, we haven't even done a single show yet...)
Saki: (Shiho's already subbed in as a backup bassist a lot where she works too...)
Saki: (And Hona's played in front of people for the junior high brass band...)
Saki: (Ichi's been doing some secret training, whatever that is...)
Saki: (So does that mean I'm the only one that's never played in front of other people...?)
Ichika: Saki, you're not mad, are you...?
Saki: Huh? No, why would I get mad over something like that...?
Saki: I was just thinking that I can't wait for us to put on a show together as Leo/need♪
Saki: (As long as we're together, even if it's our first time, I feel like we can do anything!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: Phew... Finally, we're done...
Miku (Ln): Nice work. That was much harder than usual.
Saki: Yeah. We're aiming to go pro after all! We might need to start doing even more!
MEIKO: I see. That explains why everyone's been so fired up...
Honami: Saki, Ichika, thanks for waiting. I'm done cleaning up over here.
Saki: Alright! Then let's get going!
Shiho: Miku, MEIKO, thank you for today.
Miku (Ln): See you later.
MEIKO: Hm? They seemed to be in a hurry. Is there something they have to do?
Miku (Ln): Hehe. They're going out somewhere.
MEIKO: They are? Oh, thank goodness!
Miku (Ln): Thank goodness? Why?
MEIKO: I was a little worried about them is all. They all seemed a little too wound up, you know?
MEIKO: Practicing is important, but rest and relaxation are just as important. Especially if they actually plan on becoming professionals, no?
Miku (Ln): Oh, that may be true, but I wouldn't worry too much about the girls when it comes to that.
Miku (Ln): (They're all trying their best and deserve a little reward for their efforts so far.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Saki: Aha! Found it...!
Saki: Everyone! Over here! The Flufftacular ☆ Petting Zoo!
Saki: So much fluffiness♪
Shiho: Okay, okay. Just calm down a little, will you...?
Honami: Look, they have pictures of all the animals we get to see too. Hamsters, rabbits, little birdies... And some dogs and cats too!
Saki: C'mon, let's go! Excuse me! Four high schoolers, please!
Staff: Here you are. You'll be able to go in when this group is finished, so if you'll please wait here...
Staff: And the back of each ticket contains information about the animals you'll be able to meet and we ask that you decide on a few to see before going in.
Ichika: Oh, we won't be able to see all of them.
Honami: The animals probably need rest too so...
Saki: Nice, it even says taking photos is okay as long as it's not flash photography♪
Shiho: Okay, okay. Just try to keep it down when you're around the animals, alright?
Saki: Hehe. I will...
Shiho: Wh-What is it...?
Saki: I'm just happy that you told us about this. I had no idea something like this was going on.
Shiho: I mean, I just happened to hear about it...
Ichika: Happened to...?
Honami: Hehe. She just happened to...
Shiho: Wh-Why are you all looking at me like that?
Ichika: You can't keep pets at home, so you've found an app that lets you do that, right...?
Honami: You even mentioned something about wanting to take care of some real ones too.
Shiho: I did...?
Saki: Haha. Yeah! I kinda want one of the rabbits you've been raising, Shiho.
Ichika: Oh, that would be nice. I'd like that too.
Shiho: Hm? Wait, I remember telling you about it being an animal app, but I don't remember ever telling you that I was keeping rabbits...
Honami: Oh, Shizuku told me.
Ichika: And I heard from Honami. You have some cats too, right?
Saki: Hona told me! Minori too!
Saki: She said the look on your face while you were playing with them in the courtyard was priceless!
Shiho: *Gasp*...!
Saki: Minori also told me that your sister's been keeping some rabbits and birds too!
Saki: You both really like small animals, huh♪
Shiho: I can't deny that. Oh, the line's moving...
Honami: It's already our turn next.
Saki: Alright! We have to get as much fluff in as possible!
(Black cut)
Saki: All that fluff♪ I think it has actual healing powers!
Ichika: You might be right. We took so many pictures too.
Saki: Oh, also! Ichi, show Hona and Shiho that thing!
Ichika: Oh, right! That!
Ichika: It was this lop rabbit...
Saki: Yeah, this one! Doesn't it make the same face as when Hona's savoring a delicious apple pie?!
Shiho: Oh... Wow... Heh... Y-You're right...!
Honami: What?! D-Do I really make that kind of face?!
Shiho: Yeah, it's like looking in a mirror.
Saki: And this one with the deadpan expression looks just like Shiho...!
Shiho: Hey, hold on. If you want a look-alike, see this one...
Honami: Oh... Is this...?
Shiho: It's called an Angora rabbit, and the way its fur's all over the place looks just like Saki with really bad bed head.
Ichika: Oh, no... Hehe... It's true...
Saki: No way?! My hair never gets this bad! Also, you can't even see its face...!
Saki: My hair might be all over the place sometimes, but you can always at least be able to see my face! Well, most of the time...
Saki: (It's been a while since we hung out like this.)
Saki: (And we won't have much time to go out and have fun like this if we really are gonna try to go pro...)
Saki: (But you know what? I'm glad we are!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: (Hehe. We're all on the same page. We're aiming for the same goal now.)
Ichika: Saki, is something wrong?
Shiho: If you keep spacing out, we're gonna leave you behind.
Saki: Aww, Hona... Shiho's being mean to me again!
Honami: Hehe. There, there.
Saki: (We'll be together a lot more from now on. We'll be chasing after the same dream and I know we can make it come true!)
Saki: Ichi, Hona, Shiho!
Shiho: What?
Saki: Let's keep giving it everything we got!
(Black cut)
