244_Saki Tenma_R4 The Feelings We've Realized (event_27)

Gacha phrase: Rin, I finally got it!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: Hmm...
Saki: (I told Shiho that I want to see what I'm capable of, but songwriting's turning out to be so hard...)
Saki: Well, I am trying to take a look at this from a couple different angles...
Saki: But none of the melodies or riffs that I've come up with so far felt right.
Saki: (I want to help our band by contributing to our music somehow...)
Tsukasa: Oh, Saki. There you are.
Saki: Oh, Tsukasa, it's you.
Tsukasa: I came to ask if you had already tried any of the fruit jellies that were in the freezer.
Saki: Oh, yeah... Mom told me about them earlier. I think I'll pass for now...
Tsukasa: Hm? Is something bothering you...?
Tsukasa: Oh, I know! The one you were looking for wasn't there! It's no wonder you seem so down, Saki!
Saki: Huh? I don't really feel all that sad or anything...
Tsukasa: Why not just try a different flavor? You never know, it could be good!
Tsukasa: Take myself for example. I tried a grapefruit-flavored one just now even though I'm not exactly a fan of them...
Saki: Tsukasa, I'm in high school now! I'm not a little kid that gets all pouty over something like jellies anymore...!
Tsukasa: Hm? If you say so.
Tsukasa: Then tell me, why do you seem so down? Remember, you can talk to your magnificent big brother about anything!
Saki: Says you, oh magnificent one.
Saki: But you know, I think I'll take you up on your offer.
Saki: Lately, the girls and I have been talking about coming up with an original song for our band...
Tsukasa: An original song! That's wonderful!
Saki: Yeah, and I was convinced that it'd be super fun and stuff at first...
Saki: I even decided that I'd contribute by helping write songs for the band...
Saki: But it hasn't been going well at all...
Tsukasa: I see...
Saki: And even though I know how to play the piano, it feels like I haven't been able to fit it into our music at all.
Saki: I keep asking myself what it would be like if I could just play a little better...
Tsukasa: I'm not sure I can answer that question for you.
Tsukasa: Also, being able to play the piano doesn't automatically mean you'll know how to write songs.
Saki: Right...
Tsukasa: Saki...
Saki: Oh, that reminds me! Didn't you and Toya used to play the piano together when we were kids?
Tsukasa: Hm? Oh, you mean when we played at the same time?
Saki: I remember you wanting to see who could play it the most freely or something, and really banging away at the keys.
Tsukasa: Your description isn't doing it any justice. There was definitely a certain kind of melody or rhythm we were playing to...
Saki: What? I totally felt like Toya was doing all the work while you goofed off.
Tsukasa: L-Look who's talking! Didn't you jump in right after that and cause an even bigger racket?!
Saki: No, I was just copying what you were doing! I wasn't fooling around like you were, Tsukasa!
Saki: But in the end, Toya just kept at it to try and make whatever musical mess we were making work.
Tsukasa: Looking back, I feel a little bad for him, but then again, we all seemed to be having a good time.
Saki: Hehe. Yeah...
Saki: ...
Saki: (Maybe that's it. Maybe I just have to let myself go a little more...)
Tsukasa: ...
Tsukasa: Saki... Is it tough being in a band?
Saki: What?! No, it's not what you think!
Saki: I am having so much fun playing and performing with everyone! I love every minute of it!
Saki: But I want to do more to help our band grow.
Saki: That's why... I know things won't go well in the beginning, but I want to do what I can.
Saki: So it is tough in that sense... But I feel like it's just something I have to deal with for now...
Tsukasa: I see. Good for you.
Saki: Huh?
Tsukasa: You're doing what you love and properly committing yourself to it.
Tsukasa: And ultimately, all good things must come to an end.
Tsukasa: I... No, the others and I have some experience with that too.
Saki: You do...?
Tsukasa: Yes.
Tsukasa: We fail and put everyone's efforts to waste... And even when we propose to create something good, they don't feel the same...
Tsukasa: Or even when we haven't changed, our surroundings change and let ourselves get lonely...
Tsukasa: We become so obsessed with our own dreams and full of pride that we end up hurting the people close to us...
Saki: So you had a tough time too, huh?
Saki: I'm sorry. I had no idea...
Tsukasa: Why are you apologizing? This is exactly the same as that tough hurdle you just mentioned.
Tsukasa: And don't worry, it's all in the past now.
Tsukasa: We overcame that and are putting on outrageous shows even today!
Saki: Hehe. Is it really okay to call your own shows outrageous, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Yes! Outrageous, unique, one of a kind! They're all compliments in my book!
Saki: Hahaha. My brother the optimist.
Saki: But I get what you're trying to say. It's not all fun and games...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: You have to be willing to put everything on the line to become a pro.
Shiho: Can you say for sure that you'd be able to do that?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: (Shiho knew that from the start. She knew that we'd face something like this...)
Saki: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: I thought about it for a really long time and still felt that I want to be in a band with you!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: (I spent so much time worrying about what would happen...)
Saki: (But I still ended up deciding to try and go pro with Shiho!)
Saki: I shouldn't be hesitating like this.
Saki: Okay!!
Saki: Tsukasa, I'm heading back up to my room! I'm gonna write this song no matter what it takes!
Tsukasa: That's great, Saki! Do your best!
Saki: Thanks! I will!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

[Lunch Break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Saki: Excuse me♪
Saki: Let's see... Oh, Shiho, found you!
Shiho: Saki? Are you here to borrow a textbook?
Saki: No, silly!
Saki: I'm actually here because Ichi's busy with committee stuff again and was wondering if you want to have lunch together.
Saki: You invited me last time, so I'm here to return the favor♪
Shiho: And you came all this way? But... Okay.
Saki: Really? Yay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Shiho: You brought a lunch today, Saki?
Saki: Yeah! I woke up pretty early to make this♪
Saki: Wait, Shiho, you brought lunch too!
Shiho: Just for today. It's all just leftovers from last night...
Saki: Oh, okay! By the way, Shiho...
Saki: Those omelets look really...
Shiho: Hands off. I only have two.
Saki: But...! Hang on... How did you know what I was gonna ask?
Shiho: It was written all over your face. What's wrong with what you have? It looks really good.
Saki: I know, but...!
Shiho: I'm gonna get started.
Saki: Hey, no fair! Not so fast!
Shiho: ...
Saki: ...
Saki: Um, Shiho?
Shiho: I'm not giving you any.
Saki: No, it's not about your lunch...!
Saki: I... I'm sorry about the other day...
Shiho: The other day...?
Saki: You know, for asking you to just believe in me...?
Saki: I understand that you were just looking out for me, but I was absolutely sure that I knew what I needed to do...
Saki: Still, I'm really sorry for making you worry about me like that!
Shiho: ...
Shiho: I'm sorry too, Saki.
Saki: What?! Why are you apologizing?!
Shiho: Because, well... For making it seem like I didn't trust you. I never meant for you to feel that way...
Saki: Shiho...
Saki: It's okay, really. I get why you felt that way. I'm already a two-time loser when it comes to health, so I don't blame you...
Shiho: Two-time loser...? That might be going a little too far.
Saki: But they're both way up there on my list of regrets.
Shiho: Wait, did you just say, list of regrets...?
Saki: Yeah. It's a ranked list that I made to make sure I get to enjoy high school as much as possible.
Shiho: I see...
Saki: Hey... You laughed just now...
Shiho: Well, yeah...
Shiho: I know you're completely serious about all this, but calling yourself a two-time loser and saying that you have an actual list of regrets was just too much.
Saki: Really? Well, anyways...
Saki: I'm sorry about making you worry so much about me, Shiho.
Saki: So again, I apologize.
Saki: But I still want to contribute to our band in some way.
Saki: I mean, you even said so yourself during lunch the other day...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: You find the things that you want to do and make sure you'll actually be able to do them, right? You've helped us so much already by doing just that.
Shiho: That's why I believe you'll be the first one to figure out what kind of feelings we want to convey as a band.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: Your words are what helped me figure out what I needed to do to write our song.
Saki: So thank you for looking out for me all this time...
Shiho: ...
Shiho: All I did was tell you what was on my mind...
Shiho: I feel like you should be giving yourself more credit too, you know?
Shiho: You were the one who actually followed through until the end.
Saki: Hehe. That's true too...!
Saki: But the real truth is writing that song reminded me of when I was still in the hospital.
Shiho: Huh? Why?
Saki: Well, it was because I didn't know where the goal was or how long it would take.
Saki: Not having any idea how much actual progress I was making didn't help either.
Shiho: ...
Saki: But I'm here today because I didn't give up back there.
Saki: And not giving up on this song made me believe that I'd be able to realize something I couldn't before!
Saki: Once I knew that, I felt a lot better!
Shiho: Good for you.
Saki: It also gave me a chance to think about what you meant by committing.
Saki: I knew that trying to become a professional musician isn't going to be easy...
Saki: But actually trying to write my own song made me realize just how hard that really is.
Shiho: ...
Saki: Now, I have a better understanding of what you meant compared to when we all decided to go down this path.
Saki: Maybe not as much as you, Shiho, but I feel more committed to our music now...
Shiho: Saki...
Shiho: Yeah, you definitely do seem more committed. What you did was really amazing, Saki.
Shiho: So thank you. We'll be counting on you from now on.
Saki: Hehe. You got it!
Saki: But you really never stop amazing me, Shiho! It's like you knew this would all happen even after we made our decision.
Shiho: I've seen a lot of bands come and go just by working at a live house.
Shiho: Wait, you're still after my omelets, aren't you...?
Saki: What? No, what are you talking about?
Saki: But...
Saki: I have some yummy pumpkin croquettes here...! Wanna trade?
Shiho: I knew it.
Saki: Shiho...
Shiho: Okay, okay... We can trade.
Saki: Yay! Thanks, Shiho!
Saki: Without further ado...! Oh, I knew it! It's sooo good♪
Shiho: No talking when your mouth's full.
Saki: Hokay!
Shiho: Hehe. Oh, Saki...
(Black cut)
