260_Saki Tenma_R4 Magic Show Assistant! (event_30)

Gacha phrase: That card turned into a fish plushie?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

[Seaside School - 1 week prior]

[School SEKAI]

(Black cut)
Saki: That was great...! We were really in sync just now!
Shiho: Yeah. This is a good place to stop too, so why don't we call it a day.
Honami: Alright.
Ichika: Miku, thanks again for your help.
Miku (Ln): You're welcome. When's our next practice going to be?
Saki: Tomorrow, of course! Right, Shiho♪
Shiho: Sure. But practicing every day like this is going to be hard next week.
Honami: Oh, you're right. That's already next week...
Miku (Ln): Is there something going on next week?
Saki: Yup! Hehe. Next week...
Saki: We're going to the Seaside School♪
Miku (Ln): The Seaside School? What's that?
Saki: It's a school tradition that's meant to give girls in the same year to get to know each other a little better.
Saki: We all get to stay in this seaside lodge, go swimming, make curry together and stuff!
Saki: On the last day, we're supposed to put on a show where each of our groups are gonna do some kind of performance.
Miku (Ln): Oh, that sounds like a lot of fun!
Saki: I know, right?
Saki: I missed out on all the overnight school events during junior high, so this is sort of a first for me. I'm sooo excited to go♪
Ichika: Alright.
Honami: I'm excited too. I've really been looking forward to it.
Shiho: You have? I feel like which groups we get assigned to is gonna have a huge effect on what happens...
Shiho: It'd be so awkward if we get stuck with someone we know nothing about.
Saki: No, that's the whole point! We're supposed to meet new people and make new friends!
Honami: Hehe. More specifically, it's supposed to foster a sense of camaraderie and community...
Ichika: To Saki, that probably means the exact same thing.
Miku (Ln): Hehe.
Ichika: Oh, has anyone started to pack yet?
Saki: I have! I've got sunscreen, towels and... Oh, it wasn't in the handbook, but bug spray just in case!
Saki: We also need to bring enough money for souvenirs and snacks to eat in our room at the lodge!
Honami: Snacks too? Are you sure that you won't be bringing too much?
Saki: Heh heh heh! I have that covered! I just need to take them out of their boxes and put them into their own baggies!
Miku (Ln): You really want to bring them along, huh?
Ichika: Oh, do you know what we're supposed to do about shampoo and soap?
Shiho: I'm sure they'll have some ready for us.
Shiho: But we'll probably have to bring our own toothbrush, toothpaste and stuff like that.
Saki: I totally forgot about those! Thanks for the reminder, Shiho!
Honami: Oh, also... The seniors in the Cleanup Committee said that we should take a sweater or a jacket with us.
Honami: Apparently, it still gets cold at night because it's right on the beach.
Miku (Ln): Really? But the sea breeze sounds so nice...
Ichika: Yes, it does. But I think I'll take something just in case. I'd hate to catch a cold while we're there.
Saki: Me too!
Saki: Thanks for the tip, Hona!
Honami: No, don't thank me. Thank the seniors from the Cleanup Committee.
Honami: Oh, I almost forgot. They also recommended that we bring separate beach and bath towels.
Honami: The school has laundry machines on-site, but the seniors said that the dryer was out of order when they went.
Shiho: Yikes... So they had to dry off using the towels they just used at the beach...?
Miku (Ln): Oh, that sounds awful...
Ichika: Right. It probably is a good idea to take two separate towels then.
Ichika: I believe that just leaves our swimsuits...
Saki: Yup! Wow, I can't even remember the last time I went swimming...
Saki: Maybe not since... Elementary school...?
Saki: Wait, that means the last time I swam was in one of those really shallow kiddie pools!
Ichika: Oh, you might be right. I also remember how you weren't always allowed to go in the water.
Miku (Ln): And you'll be swimming in the ocean, right? Won't the water be too choppy for you, Saki?
Saki: I... I really don't know...
Honami: There will be waves, but I doubt we'll be doing any long-distance swimming. I'm sure you'll be okay.
Ichika: I agree. You can always have someone in your group teach you how to swim too.
Saki: I really don't want to be a bother to anyone, but I guess I'll just have to ask...
Miku (Ln): Have your groups not been decided yet?
Saki: No, they're having a random draw tomorrow, so we'll find out then!
Saki: I wonder who's going to be in my group. I hope we get to have lots of fun together.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. I'm sure they will since they'll have you there with them, Saki.
Miku (Ln): I'm looking forward to hearing all about it.
Saki: Yeah! We'll talk lots when we get back!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Seaside School - Day 3]

[Beach]

Teacher: We will now have some free time.
Teacher: Groups that wish to practice what they'll be presenting later this afternoon may use the practice area one at a time in an orderly manner.
Students: We will!
Saki: It's really happening this afternoon... I'm starting to get a little nervous...
Honami: I think I am too...
Emu: We'll be fine! I mean, we practiced sooo much yesterday☆
Kohane: I agree! I always feel a little nervous just before an event...
Kohane: But I've been finding that practice is the best way to give myself the confidence I need. I'm sure we'll do great.
Honami: I see.
Saki: Oh, right. Kohane's been performing in a bunch of live events.
Saki: Since a veteran like her is saying this about us, I guess we should feel more confident about ourselves!
Honami: Okay, then why don't we relax at the beach a little while we wait for our turn to practice.
Saki & Emu: Yeah♪
Emu: Oh, there's actually somewhere I wanna check out☆
Kohane: Where?
(Black cut)
Emu: Ta-daah! Look at all these big rocks♪
Saki: Oh, wow...! And isn't that a tidal pool?
Honami: Yes, I believe so. It must be low tide right now.
Kohane: We might be able to see some fish and other sea creatures if we're lucky!
Emu: Oh, I found a starfish! Look☆
Saki: Whoa! Wait, it's okay to touch starfish?
Emu: This one doesn't seem to mind. The way it waves its arms is so cute too☆
Honami: I-It is... Oh, it just moved... It's so big too. Maybe bigger than your hand...
Saki: Y-Yeah, it is... It's bigger than I expected...
Emu: Are starfish not your thing? How about you, Kohane?
Kohane: Sure, since you managed to find one so fast.
Saki: What...?! You're not scared, Kohane...?!
Kohane: Oh, I thought it would be softer. Huh? Are starfish supposed to feel this warm...?
Saki: It is? Maybe I'll try touching it too...
Honami: Y-You too, Saki?!
Saki: I mean, Kohane was brave enough to, so I feel like I shouldn't be this afraid of it. I'm gonna touch it!
(Black cut)
Emu: Thank you for letting us pet you, Mr. Starfish! Bye bye♪
Kohane: Oh, there's a little crab over here.
Honami: Oh, you're right. Hehe. It's so cute.
Saki: Huh? Where? Hm...?
Saki: Hey, I think there's something stuck between these rocks.
Kohane: There is? Where?
Emu: Oh, there! Right above where the crab is! Wait... Is that a sea slug?
Saki: Really? I've never seen one before. This is what sea slugs look like?
Saki: I always thought that they could only live underwater. Is it really okay for it to get caught out in the sun like this?
Honami: Hmm... It might've gotten stuck between these rocks as the tide pulled away.
Kohane: Yeah, you might be right. Doesn't this mean that the sun will dry it out before the tide comes back?
Saki: What? No! We have to get it back in the water!
Honami: B-Back in the water...? You're not touching it, are you, Saki...?
Emu: Want me to do it?
Saki: No, I was okay with touching that starfish, so I should be fine now!
Saki: I guess I should be gentle with it... Gently, Saki...
Saki: (What the...? Th-This is what sea slugs feel like...? It's kinda squishy, but kinda not...)
Saki: B-by the way, sea slugs don't like... Bite, right?
Kohane: You're doing great, Saki! You can do it!
Saki: Th-Thanks...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Lodge Classroom]

Saki: Wow... That was fun...
Kohane: We got to see so many sea creatures too. A starfish, that little crab, and even a sea slug.
Saki: Yeah, and I'm glad we managed to save that poor sea slug.
Kohane: Me too. If you hadn't spotted it, Saki, it might've ended really badly for it.
Emu: Yup yup♪ It might even come back to thank you one day, Saki♪
Saki: Haha. Isn't there a children's story just like that? The one where a boy saves a turtle...
Honami: Oh, the group in front of us doesn't seem quite done yet.
Kohane: Shall we wait here in the meantime?
Saki: Yeah, sure.
(Black cut)
Saki: (When is it gonna be our turn to practice...?)
Saki: (Uh oh... I'm getting sleepy...)
Saki: (No, I need to stay awake... It's our last chance to practice... So...)
Saki: Zzz...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: Hm...? Huh...?
Saki: Why am I back at the beach? I was just in our room...
???: Why hello there! Do you have a moment?
Saki: Huh? Emu? What's up?
Sea Slug (Emu): No, I am not Emu! I'm the sea slug you saved☆
Saki: What...?
Saki: Whaaat?! What's going on?!
Sea Slug (Emu): I was about to be burned to a crisp, but you were there to save me!
Sea Slug (Emu): I'm here to thank you for that! Now, if you'll come with me!
Saki: What? Where? Like an underwater castle?
Sea Slug (Emu): No, somewhere much more fun! A place that makes everybody smile!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Huh? Isn't this Phoenix Wonderland...?
Miku (Ln): Oh, Saki, you came too.
Saki: Huh?! Why are you here, Miku?!
Kohane: Saki!
Honami: Let's go! Hurry!
Sea Slug (Emu): Everyone's waiting for you♪ Let's have lots of fun together, Saki!
Saki: Uh, okay...
Saki: I'm still not really sure what's going on... But whatever♪ Hey, wait for me...!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Saki: Zzz... Hey, let's go on that one next...
Honami: Hehe. Saki's sound asleep.
Kohane: Yeah. She seems so happy too.
Emu: Her dream's probably super wonderhoy.
Honami: I'm sure it is. We should let her rest until it's our turn to practice.
(Black cut)
