315_Saki Tenma_R4 For Our Next Show! (event_40)

Gacha phrase: Oh wow! Thank you so much, Hona!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Saki: Morning♪
Saki: Whoa, hold on! There's really nobody here!
Ichika: It is pretty early. The ones having morning practice are probably all with their respective clubs right now.
Saki: Hehe. That means we can talk about our song all we want until homeroom!
Ichika: Right. I'd like to keep discussing that part we talked about on the phone yesterday...
Saki: Oh, about fixing up the chorus?
Saki: I recorded a few samples and was wondering how they sounded. Can you give them a listen with me?
Ichika: Sure, let's!
(Black cut)
Saki: Phew...! This is going pretty smoothly, huh?
Ichika: Yeah, it is. All that's left is to hear what the others think.
Saki: Yup♪
Saki: Oh, that reminds me! I got an idea for another song while I was making adjustments and stuff♪
Ichika: Hehe. That was fast. Another song already?
Saki: You could say that a little nicer♪ Anyway, here! Listen!
Ichika: Oh... That's a long fade-in.
Saki: I know, right? I found a bunch of songs that start like that and really liked them all!
Saki: So I wanna try doing something like this too!
Ichika: Sure, why not? It seems like a nice way to build up some anticipation for what's coming next.
Saki: Yay! I'm definitely saving this idea for later, so maybe someday!
Saki: Oh, also! Hehe♪ I have this other great idea...
Ichika: Another one...?
Saki: Yeah! Remember my notebook titled, “100 Things I Want To Do”...?
Ichika: Of course. The one you made while you were in the hospital.
Ichika: It has all the things you want to do when you started coming back to school, right?
Saki: Correct!
Saki: I was thinking that it'd be nice to have something like that for all the songs we're gonna make, you know?
Ichika: Oh, that could be helpful...
Saki: See?!
Saki: Hehe. I'm gonna go grab a notebook from the school store later. Let's go pick one out together♪
Ichika: Sure, I'll go!
Saki: Yay!
Ichika: Um, Saki...?
Saki: Hm?
Ichika: You haven't been able to do many things from that list because of how busy we've been with band stuff, huh...?
Saki: Yeah, I know...
Saki: But that doesn't bother me right now. There are a lot of things that I want to do, but I can do them one at a time while we focus on our band.
Saki: On the flip side, I get to play music with all of you every single day!
Saki: That's way more important to me♪
Ichika: Saki...
Saki: Writing songs and practicing like this isn't easy...
Saki: But I get super duper excited whenever we all play something that I came up with♪
Saki: And you're the one writing lyrics for my music and singing our songs, Ichi! I still can't believe it!
Saki: I never thought being in a band could be so much fun, so I wanna keep putting that first!
Ichika: I see...
Saki: By the way, I've been making some changes to the “100 Things I Want To Do”♪
Ichika: Oh, did you add more?
Saki: Heh heh heh. I'll tell you when I feel the time is right.
Ichika: Aww, not even a little hint?
Saki: Nope. It's a secret until then♪
Saki: Oh, but the notebook we're gonna go get later is for everyone to see!
Ichika: Hmm...
Ichika: If that's the case, why don't we leave it in SEKAI?
Ichika: It's somewhere we all go to often, and we can talk about what we write in it whenever we're visiting, no?
Saki: Yeah! That's a great idea♪
Saki: Alright, let's do that! Hehe. I can't wait to get started.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: Thank you all very much for gathering here today!
Shiho: I mean, we have practice today, so it's normal for us to be here...
Miku (Ln): Is there something you'd like to discuss since you went through all this trouble?
Saki: Yup! Mind if I get started...?
Rin: Yeah, go for it! Hehe. I wonder what we're gonna talk about...
Saki: Alright, I hope you're all ready...!
Saki: Ta-daah♪ A notebook of “100 New Things I Want To Do”!!
Len: 100 Things I Want To Do...?
Honami: Oh, that's the list you made when you were still in the hospital...
Rin: Wait, really? Tell me more☆
Saki: Sure. I made this list while I was in the hospital for when I'd be allowed to go back to school.
Len: So that's what you meant by “100 Things I Want To Do”...
Saki: Yup! And this one's for what we want to do as Leo/need, so let's start coming up with as many things as we can for it!
Saki: Like... Here!
Shiho: Oh...
KAITO: “We're going pro!!”...?
Luka: Hehe. Across two pages too.
MEIKO: Yes, in a way, it sounds like a vow.
Shiho: Saki...
Saki: Hehe. This is at the top of our list, right? That's why I decided to write it first♪
Saki: This is gonna be all about the things we want to do together, so let's write down as many of our ideas and dreams as we can!
Rin: That's so cool! I wanna write something!
Len: But you're not in Leo/need. This is just for them, right?
Len: I mean, us writing in this seems...
Saki: Yeah, sure♪
Rin & Len: Really?!
Saki: Of course!
Saki: Ichi actually suggested that while we were picking out a notebook for this.
Ichika: Right. You've all been there for us throughout this process...
Ichika: So what we want to do as a band also includes all of you, and we're hoping that we can make your wishes come true as well.
Miku (Ln): Ichika...
Saki: Hehe. I brought lots of pens for us to use, so we can make everything look super cute, like this♪
Rin: Lemme see! Lemme see! Oh wow! This pen's all sparkly and glittery inside! What's this stuff?
Saki: That one has glitter in the ink! Everything you write becomes really sparkly♪
Rin: That's amazing! Sakki, can I try using this?
Saki: Of course! Here, you guys too! Write as much as you want!
Ichika: Hehe. Saki and I already wrote down a few other things. If you turn to the page after, “We're going pro!!”
Luka: Oh, here. Let's see...
MEIKO: “Fill a live house with our fans.” “Get a standing ovation!”
Shiho: A standing ovation...? Live houses are usually standing room only.
Saki: No, you too?! Ichi said the same thing!
Saki: I get that we won't literally get a standing ovation. I just want to try to get a crowd going to that degree!
Shiho: Uh, okay...?
Honami: Hehe. It's very you, Saki. I think I'll go with...
Honami: “Headline an event.”
Miku (Ln): Oh, that's a pretty big goal!
Luka: Yes, it is. You really have to prove yourselves to others before you're given such an honor.
MEIKO: That's true. Why don't you write something, Shiho...?
Shiho: Okay, how about...?
Shiho: “Get a crowd going with a set list of just our own songs...”
Saki: Oh, I like that!
Ichika: Me too. Right now, it does sort of feel like we're relying a little too much on Miku songs.
Shiho: Yeah, I have nothing against playing covers.
Shiho: But since we're trying to go pro, I want us to be able to do something like this.
Honami: *Nod* I agree!
KAITO: That's a wonderful goal to have...
Rin: You guys are so cool!
Rin: Alright, I'm gonna think of something too!
Miku (Ln): I think I will too since we're all here.
Saki: Great! We're gonna leave this here, so you guys can write in it anytime♪
Shiho: But you have to mean what you write.
Honami: That's true. We have to do our best to make these things a reality.
Saki: Of course!
Saki: Let's do everything we can to make all of our hopes and dreams come true!
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Yeah!
(Black cut)
