369_Saki Tenma_R4 An Unexpected Phone Call (event_48)

Gacha phrase: Y-You don't have to worry about me!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: There... I'm done with all my homework...!
Saki: Phew... I can finally think about Valentine's Day stuff.
Saki: We even have Airi helping us out, so I really need to try my best with this!
Saki: Alright, we'll all be baking chocolate cakes as the base for our gifts since Emu and I don't have much experience with this.
Saki: And I still need to think about what I specifically want to do with my cake!
Saki: Hmm... It'd be great to make it look like a live house or like we're doing a show somehow♪
Saki: Oh, I know! I should take a look at the sites Airi recommended!
Saki: Let's see. The chocolate cakes are... Oh, they're on this page!
Saki: Wow...! These all look delicious!
Saki: Whoa! The chocolate coating on this one's so shiny!
Saki: And the chocolate frosting on this one's so cute! Oh, the one next to it has lots of berries on it!
Saki: But I didn't realize you could decorate chocolate cakes in so many different ways.
Saki: They all look really cute and delicious too. I kinda want to try taking ideas from all of them!
Saki: Hang on, that reminds me. Airi said that cakes don't have to be round. They can be almost any shape you want.
Saki: Alright, let's keep searching. Hmm... How about over here?!
Saki: Wow, so many pics of sponge cakes! They all look so fluffy and yummy...
Saki: Wait, this one... It's a heart! How did they make this?
Saki: (Oh, they took a round one, split it and attached it to a square one! That's so cool! It's like a puzzle!)
Saki: (Hey, they even have star-shaped rings for pancakes...)
Saki: (“Leo/need” comes from the name of a constellation, so it'd be awesome if I could make a star.)
Saki: (But this is only for pancakes, so it'd probably be too small.)
Saki: Hmm... Aren't there any cakes that are just the right size and look like a star...?
Saki: Star cakes... Star-shaped cakes... Oh, hey!
Saki: (Okay, it says to make a round cake as per normal, cut it into fifths... No, wait, it says sixths...)
Saki: (Take the five-pointed pieces and point them outward to form a star...)
Saki: (Ohh! And you use the last piece to fill the gap in the middle!)
Saki: (That's genius! It's like that other puzzle cake, but this one turns into a star!)
Saki: I didn't know you could do so much with just one cake!
Saki: This is great! I'm gonna use this chance to look up and draw as many cake designs as I can♪
(Black cut)
Saki: (Wow, the icing on these cookies are so colorful! I didn't know they made them in these colors...)
Saki: (Hmm... Cookies, huh? All these different shapes too... It's nice that you can come up with what to make on your own.)
Saki: (Oh, what if I made some amps and speakers? That'd make it feel more like a show, right?)
Saki: (Alright, I should draw that too...!)
(Black cut)
Saki: I-It's done...!!
Saki: The “Leo/need Special Chocolate Stage”!!
Saki: Not bad if I do say so myself!
Saki: Now it's a matter of whether or not I can actually make it. I'll make sure to ask Airi to see what she thinks!
Saki: If I can turn this drawing into a real cake...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Ichika: Y-You really made this yourself, Saki? It's incredible. It looks just like a live house stage.
Honami: It really does. This must've been very challenging to make. Thank you for going through all this trouble just for us!
Shiho: Yeah, Saki, good job... I mean, you always stay late to practice, so a surprise like this means so much.
Shiho: It'd be great to perform on stage like this if it actually existed.
Ichika: I think so too! It'd be the best stage for us to perform our best original songs!
Honami: That means we'd also have to invite Shizuku, Miku and everyone else to show them just how much we've grown, as well as our appreciation for them!
Saki: Yeah! We should totally do that♪
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Saki: Hehe...
Saki: I want Ichi, Hona and Shiho to really like it, and I wanna show Miku and the others just how much we appreciate them!
Saki: Heh heh heh. The “Leo/need Special Chocolate Stage” is gonna be something really special...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Emu Otori)

[Valentine's Day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Airi: Today's the day. Are you both ready?
Saki: Yes! I'm really looking forward to seeing how Ichi and the others react!
Emu: Me too! I can't wait to see the look on everyone's faces☆
Airi: Okay, you both sound good and ready. Let's do this...
Airi: Secret Valentine's Day Alliance, are you ready?!
Saki & Emu: Yeah!
Airi: And if anything does come up, feel free to message me about it.
Saki: Thank you so much! And you can always let us know if anything happens on your end, Airi!
Airi: Thanks, I'll do that.
Airi: Alright, let's adjourn this meeting and wish each other the best of luck today!
Saki: Okay! Oh, but before we do...!
Saki: Emu!
Emu: Roger!
Saki: Airi, can you give us just another second before you head back to class?
Airi: Hm? Sure, what's up?
Saki: Heh heh heh... Our plan's actually already in motion.
Airi: Huh? What plan...?
Saki: Emu!
Emu: I'm ready, Saki!
Saki & Emu: Airi, Happy Valentine's Day♪ Airi! Happy Valentine's Day♪
Airi: Huh? Wait, this is...!!
Saki: Hehe. This is our gift to you Airi! A surprise chocolate cake!
Emu: We actually made this in secret while we were decorating our cakes☆
Airi: Really?! I had no idea!
Airi: Wow! A heart-shaped chocolate cake! And this marzipan doll...! Is this me?
Saki: Yeah, I tried copying you when making this, but I just wasn't able to make it as well as you probably would have...
Airi: No, you've captured me beautifully. Especially the way she's smiling! I love it!
Saki: *Gasp* Y-You really do?!
Emu: Great job, Saki!
Saki: Thanks!
Saki: Please allow us to thank you again for teaching us how to bake and make our own sweets!
Saki: We were able to bake the cakes we were hoping for because of you, and we're also gonna get to surprise all of our friends as planned!
Emu: So we put lots and lots of love into this cake to show our appreciation for you!
Airi: You two... Thank you! I'm totally speechless!
Airi: You both got me pretty good with this one!
Airi: Based on this, I'm sure your surprises today will go off without a hitch!
Emu: Did you hear that, Saki?!
Saki & Emu: Yay♪
Saki: But I think we've kept you long enough. We should probably head back...
Airi: Not so fast! You're not heading back now, are you...?!
Emu: Huh?
Airi: Heh heh heh. Looks like great minds think alike.
Saki: W-Wait, does that mean...?!
Airi: Yup! You two aren't the only ones that prepared a surprise!
Airi: Ta-daa♪ This is my gift to you for working so hard to make your friends smile!
Emu: Wow! This chocolate cake's a star! And it has marzipan dolls of us!
Saki: L-Look how detailed it is! We're in our uniforms and she even got our hair right, including my ribbons!
Saki: You're really the best, Airi!
Airi: Hehe. I just wanted to bake a cake worthy of my wonderful comrades from the Secret Valentine's Day Alliance.
Airi: Anyway, we mutually succeeded with our surprises, so I say we're all off to a great start.
Saki: Yeah, you're right. I feel way more confident now about what's coming later!
Emu: Me too!
Airi: Alright, one last time! Let's make sure our surprises go well today!
Airi: Also, why don't we meet for a little afterparty the following weekend?
Emu: Oh, that sounds fun!
Saki: Yeah! I definitely wanna hear about how everyone reacted to your cakes, Emu, Airi!
Airi: Then it's settled! That means we'll all need to do everything we can to have something good to report!
Emu: Yeah♪
Airi: Oh, why don't we also do that thing one last time?
Airi: Secret Valentine's Day Alliance, are you ready?!
Saki & Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)
