383_Saki Tenma_R3 Lesson From A Future Star (event_50)

Gacha phrase: It's spot on, right?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Luka: Welcome, everyone.
Saki: Hi! We're all ready to practice today!
Rin: Hm? You sound really excited, Sakki!
Saki: Oh, can you tell? So...
(Black cut)
Miku (Ln): That's great. Your friends are really coming to see your show?
Rin: Yeah! That explains why you sound so fired up♪
Saki: Because I totally am!
Honami: We've been able to sell tickets without much issue either, which leaves us plenty of time to practice.
Ichika: Right. We'll be able to focus on making this upcoming performance our best one yet.
Saki: Yeah! Let's practice a ton and make this the best show ever!
Miku (Ln): That's wonderful. I'll be looking forward to that.
Shiho: ...
Luka: Shiho...?
Saki: Huh? What's wrong?
Shiho: I hate to rain on your parade like this, but I feel like I need to say this...
Shiho: It's good to see that you're all motivated, and I have nothing against that...
Shiho: But it's not good to do anything special just because our friends are coming to see us.
Saki: Anything special?
Shiho: Like pulling all-nighters to practice or trying to throw in a riff you've never done before.
Saki: We'll be fine! We promise not to push ourselves like that.
Saki: Plus, we're not just playing for Haruka and the others. We have a whole crowd to please!
Saki: We should play in a way that makes it so they can all have fun!
Ichika: I agree.
Shiho: Okay, as long as you all understand.
Saki: Hehe.
Saki: That actually reminds me of something Tsukasa said. “Each performance is its own test.”
Luka: Oh, that's right. Your brother performs shows for a troupe, yes?
Saki: Yup! I think it was something his hero said during an interview this one time...
Saki: “We may've done countless showings already, but this may be the first and only chance for some members of the audience to see us.”
Saki: “That's why I believe each show is its own test!”
Miku (Ln): Were you trying to imitate your brother just now?
Saki: Yeah♪ Pretty good, right?
Ichika: Hmm... It's close, I think...?
Honami: Hehe. You've captured his mannerisms rather nicely.
Rin: That's really interesting. I didn't know your brother was like that, Sakki♪
Shiho: He's much louder than that.
Luka: Louder?
Shiho: Yes. He's pretty... No, very obnoxious.
Honami: Sh-Shiho...!
Miku (Ln): However, I think being able to take each performance so seriously is incredibly important.
Miku (Ln): Especially when you're at a time when you're still trying to get your audience to remember who you are.
Shiho: I agree.
Shiho: By leaving a bad first impression on them, we'd have to fight tooth and nail to reverse that.
Shiho: Which also means that we need to put on performances that people want to hear.
Saki: Yeah!
Saki: This is awesome! I feel even more fired up than before!
Ichika: Same. Why don't we get ready to start?
Honami: Okay! Luka, I'll be borrowing the drums again.
Luka: Be my guest. I'll help you set them up.
Miku (Ln): You still need to get tuned up, right, Ichika? Mind if I join you?
Ichika: Sure. Actually, Miku, there's this part that I've been meaning to ask you about...
Rin: Sakki! We can set up our stuff together♪
Saki: Yeah! Oh, before that...
Saki: Shiho♪
Shiho: Hm?
Saki: Thanks for making sure that we won't push ourselves too hard just now.
Saki: We promise not to, so you have nothing to worry about♪
Shiho: Okay, thanks.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, KAITO)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: (I'm glad Shiho told us about what she went through during junior high.)
Saki: (But it was so painful to hear... I keep beating myself up about not being there for her then too...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Shiho: Like I said before... The point of me doing this wasn't to make you all feel this way.
(White cut)
Shiho: Again, don't beat yourselves up over this. The moral of my story is that...
KAITO: That you're glad you didn't give up, right...?
Ichika: Huh?
Shiho: Back then, I just couldn't give up.
Shiho: I'd convinced myself that we couldn't really be friends anymore, but deep down, I was hoping that we could.
Shiho: As a result, I had to suffer for it. I was so afraid that I'd end up creating more problems instead of solving them. However...
Shiho: I endured, and I was rewarded with Ichika and Saki getting our band back together. I'm here today because I didn't give up...
Shiho: So I'm really glad that I held on to my music, and more importantly, all of you...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Saki: (I want our band to do well.)
Saki: (I want to make it so she knows that not giving up was worth it and that it's fun to be in a band with us.)
Saki: Okay! Time to fix all the mistakes I made during practice today!
Saki: I'll start by going over my part for tomorrow and...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Saki: Wow, Shiho, your lunch looks amazing♪
Shiho: No Salisbury steaks for you.
Saki: Haha. I know they're your favorite, so I won't do that to you! But those croquettes...
Shiho: No.
Saki: Why not?!
Ichika: Saki is one of those people who likes to swap entrees.
Honami: Hehe. I understand how she feels. It's sort of like seeing what it's like to eat at a friend's house.
Club Captain: Tenma, there you are. I hate to bother you during lunch like this, but do you have a minute to talk...?
Saki: Of course! Sorry, be right back!
Shiho: Isn't she the captain of the soft tennis club...?
Ichika: Yeah, what do you think's going on?
(Black cut)
Ichika: Welcome back, Saki. What did the captain want to discuss with you?
Saki: So, we're having a little get-together with students from another school soon.
Saki: But I had to duck out of practice before I could hear about it the other day, so she came to tell me about what happened.
Saki: She invited me to come along since it's supposed to be more fun and recreational...
Shiho: Do you not want to go...?
Saki: No, I really do...!
Saki: It's just... I've been avoiding going to these because I'm always worried that I wouldn't have enough stamina...
Saki: But lately, I've been able to keep up with the other first-years during practice, so I'm thinking about giving this one a shot.
Saki: At the same time...
Saki: (We've only just started being a serious band...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

KAITO: I'm glad music... No, I'm glad you found a way back to your friends, Shiho.
Shiho: Thanks...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Saki: ...
Shiho: ...
Shiho: You should go, Saki.
Saki: What...?
Shiho: You're worried about balancing that with band practice, right? You should still go.
Saki: B-But...!
Saki: Our last show went so well. If we practice really hard right now, our next show could be...
Shiho: I'm glad that you're so motivated.
Shiho: I know we're trying to go pro, but it's important to have time for yourself. Like they say, “All work and no play makes Jill a dull girl.”
Shiho: Plus, you're already doing plenty...
Saki: What...?
Shiho: You've been putting plenty of effort into not just our band, but work, school and club activities.
Shiho: That's why I want you to take advantage of these sorts of opportunities. I mean, you still have to make up for all that time you missed in junior high, right?
Saki: Shiho...
Honami: She's right. We know your club means quite a lot to you.
Ichika: Yeah, you should have as much fun as possible with them too.
Saki: Hona, Ichi...!
Saki: *Sob* I love you girls so much!!
Ichika: Wah! S-Saki!
Saki: You're next, Hona! Bear hug!
Honami: Eep! Hehe. Oh, Saki.
Saki: Last but not least! Shiho, come here!
Shiho: H-Hey, don't make me drop my lunch!
Ichika, Saki & Honami: Haha. Hehe.
(Black cut)
