427_Saki Tenma_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I'm gonna write thank-you cards for everyone♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Just two more weeks until my birthday.
Saki: I've gotten to do so much since starting high school too, like playing in shows and writing my own music.
Saki: I even got to go to the Seaside School and do a shrine visit with everyone during New Year's.
Saki: I never imagined being able to have fun every day like this...
Saki: (I guess I have Mom, Dad, Tsukasa, the girls, Miku and everyone else to thank since they're always there for me.)
Saki: (I want to thank them all somehow.)
Saki: Hmm... What would work best? Ideally, something that lets everyone know how much I appreciate them...
Saki: Oh, I know!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Saki's Birthday]

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Okay, let's get everything for our surprise party set up before Saki and the others get here.
Rin, Len & MEIKO: Yeah!
KAITO: Hm...?
KAITO: Oh, hold on... I think someone just arrived in SEKAI...
Saki: Good morning♪
Rin: S-Sakki?!
MEIKO: (Len, hide that box of decorations! I'll deal with these!)
Len: (O-Okay!)
Miku (Ln): (Good call, you two!)
Saki: What's up, you guys? Why are you all looking at me like that?
Luka: Hehe. Oh, nothing. We're just surprised that you're here so early this morning.
Saki: Oh, right. There's actually something I want to give all of you!
Luka: Give us?
Saki: Yeah! Ta-daa! A certificate of appreciation from me♪
Miku (Ln): Wait, that's...
Saki: First... Ahem... Thank you, Ms. Miku!
Len: Ms. Miku...?
Saki: I really appreciate how you're always there to practice together, give me advice, cheer me up and support me when I really need it.
Saki: You're the reason why I've been able to do so much with the girls and our band.
Saki: I can never ever thank you enough for what you've done, so I would like to present you with this certificate of appreciation stamped with the Tenma seal♪
Saki: May 9th, from Saki Tenma, who is enjoying a very happy birthday!
Miku (Ln): I can really have this?
Saki: Of course! Oh, I have one for each of you too! Lemme go around in order!
Rin: Sakki, you must've put so much effort into these! I really like all the cute pegasuses you drew!
Saki: Hehe. You know how some fancy certificates have shiny borders with phoenixes on them? I thought I'd do that but with pegasuses instead.
MEIKO: Oh, that's what you meant by the Tenma seal!
Luka: We get to have something this adorable... Thank you, Saki. We couldn't be happier.
Saki: No, I should be the one thanking you guys.
Saki: You're all the reason why I was able to celebrate a happy birthday with Ichi and the girls!
Saki: I promise to keep doing my best this upcoming year, so I hope you'll keep watching over us!
Miku (Ln): Saki...
Miku (Ln): Of course... Let's all do our best, together.
Saki: Thanks!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Saki: Good morning...
Airi: Hey, Saki. What's up?
Saki: Is right now a good time? There's something I'd like to give all of you.
Haruka: Sure. We just wrapped up our morning practice, so we should be fine.
Saki: Thank goodness!
Saki: It's actually my birthday today, and I'd like to present all of you with certificates of appreciation for helping me get through this past year!
Airi: C-Certificates of appreciation?!
Saki: Yes! First... Thank you, Ms. Airi!
Saki: As an idol, past and present, you've been a massive source of encouragement and hope for me.
Saki: You even went out of your way to help me bake a cake and plan a surprise for Valentine's Day!
Saki: I present you with this certificate of appreciation stamped with the Tenma seal! From Saki Tenma, who promises to be your fan forever and ever!
Airi: Saki...
Airi: Y-You really got me there... I don't know what to say... I'm so happy that you made my heart jump.
Shizuku: Hehe. Good for you, Airi!
Airi: Thanks...!
Airi: Thank you for this, Saki. And happy birthday!
Saki: Hehe. Thanks♪
Saki: Oh, I have one for all of you, so I'll go around in order♪
Minori: Wait, really?!
Shizuku: Including me?
Saki: Yeah! Especially considering how much I get to hang out with Shiho!
Minori: Whoa! I've never received a certificate of appreciation like this before!
Minori: Wait, this is the perfect opportunity to give you your birthday present... Oh no! I left my bag in class...!
Haruka: Hehe. I left mine in class too, so why don't we head over together later?
Airi: I'd like to join you if you don't mind. I mean, she deserves a proper celebration.
Shizuku: Yes, I'd like to do that as well♪
Saki: You mean it?! Yay! I can't wait!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Corridor]

Saki: I'm glad I got a chance to give Airi and the others their certificates.
Saki: I'll get to Ichi and the girls during lunch, so that just leaves Kohane, Emu and...
Saki: Oh, perfect! You're both here!
(Black cut)
Emu: Wh-Whoa! I got a certificate of appreciation!
Kohane: Thank you, Saki! This is so wonderful!
Saki: No, I need to really thank you both for hanging out and being friends with me!
Kohane: But these are handmade, right?! Are you giving these to Shiho and the others as well?
Saki: Yeah, during lunch! I really wanna surprise them, so let's keep this between us for now♪
Saki: Tsukasa's gonna get his later tonight, so please keep that a secret too!
Emu: Roger!
Saki: (Alright, Ichi and the girls are my last targets at school! I've gotta really show them just how much I appreciate them♪)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Saki: Everyone, check it out! My mom made me this really amazing lunch for my birthday!
Honami: Oh, two boxes worth...!
Saki: Yup! This one's for rice and sides. And this one's for my dessert melon♪
Shiho: Nice. Pretty fancy birthday dessert you've got there.
Saki: I know, right? My mom crammed in a ton, so let's all have some together later!
Ichika: Thanks, Saki.
(Black cut)
Ichika, Shiho, Saki & Honami: That was delicious!
Honami: Thank you for the melon, Saki.
Shiho: Please tell your mom thank you for us.
Saki: I will♪ Oh, mind sticking around a bit before we all head back to class?
Ichika: Sure, I don't mind... Is something the matter?
Saki: There's actually something I wanna give all of you... First up is Shiho!
Saki: Thank you, Ms. Shiho!
Shiho: Huh...?
Saki: You don't allow mistakes when it comes to music and you've given me lots of strict advice with regard to playing the synth.
Saki: Because you've been willing to work so closely with me, I've gotten so much better and we're able to put on really amazing performances now!
Saki: As such, I present you with this certificate of appreciation stamped with the Tenma seal♪ From Saki Tenma, who thinks you're an incredibly cool person and loves you for it!
Shiho: Thanks, Saki... I had no idea you prepared something like this for us.
Saki: Hehe. I wanted to show everyone just how much I appreciate them!
Saki: Next, Hona!
Saki: Thank you, Ms. Hona!
Saki: On top of always being available to talk about us as a band, you're nice enough to help with stuff about schoolwork and club activities.
Saki: You also watch over all of us with a warm gaze and make sure I don't push myself too hard.
Saki: For being such a nice person, I present you with this certificate of appreciation stamped with the Tenma seal!
Saki: From Saki Tenma, who hopes we get the chance to do another play-planetarium with you as that narrator!
Honami: Oh wow... Thank you so much, Saki!
Ichika: She slyly threw in a favor at the end.
Honami: Hehe. I've been wanting to do another one too, so I'll put something together to make sure I'm ready at a moment's notice.
Saki: You will?! You're the best, Hona!
Saki: Finally, Ichi! Thanks for waiting!
Saki: Ahem... Thank you, Ms. Ichi!
Saki: For as long as I can remember, and even now, you've been a source of encouragement for me.
Ichika: Huh...?
Saki: You came to visit me so many times when I was in the hospital, and even said, “Everyone's waiting for you to come back.”
Saki: Even now, whenever I feel unsure or have a lot on my mind, you're there to support me and help me get through whatever's going on...
Saki: You've given me so much courage.
Ichika: I didn't realize...
Saki: I mean it! You've always been there for me! So...
Saki: Even though I can't thank you enough, I present you with this certificate of appreciation stamped with the Tenma seal!
Saki: From Saki Tenma, who hopes we'll be besties forever and ever!
Ichika: Saki... Thank you...
Ichika: What do I do...? I'm so happy... You've left me completely speechless...
Ichika: Thank you so much, Saki.
Saki: No, I really have to thank all of you!
Saki: Ichi!
Saki: Hona!
Saki: Shiho!
Saki: Thanks for being such great childhood friends! I hope we get to be like this forever and ever and ever!
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Us too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Saki!
Father & Mother: Happy birthday!
Saki: Tsukasa, Dad, Mom, thank you!
Mother: Alright, Saki. Ready to blow out the candles?
Saki: Yup♪ *Blow*
Father: *Sob* She used to blow them out one by one, but now she can blow them out all at once...!
Mother: Hehe. Oh, Dad. Need a tissue?
Father: Yes, thank you...
Saki: You know there weren't as many candles back then, right? I always tried to make the fun last as long as I could.
Tsukasa: Which part of the cake would you like, Saki? Naturally, the chocolate “Happy Birthday” plate will also be yours!
Saki: Thanks, Tsukasa! But gimme a second before you do that!
Saki: Okay, ahem! Mom, Dad, Tsukasa... I'd like to present you all with certificates of appreciation!
Mother: Certificates of appreciation...?
Saki: That's right. First, Mom!
Saki: Thank you, Mother! I'll forever be grateful to you for bringing me into the world and this family!
Mother: ...!
Saki: I know I wasn't always healthy when I was little and made you worry a lot...
Saki: But I'm happy and healthy now because you and everyone did everything you could to find the right doctors for me!
Saki: As such, I present you with this certificate of appreciation stamped with the Tenma seal and this bouquet of flowers♪
Saki: From your daughter, Saki, who loves you so so sooo very much and knows you're the best mother in the world!
Mother: Saki...
Mother: Th-Thank you...! I love you very much too, Saki.
Father: Need a tissue?
Mother: Yes, please...!
Saki: Dad, Tsukasa, I have certificates for you both too!
Tsukasa & Father: ...!
Father: W-Wait, Saki! I need a moment to prepare myself or you might give me a heart attack!
Tsukasa: S-Same here!
Saki: Huh? Well, if it's gonna cause that much harm, then I guess I'll skip you two.
Father: Wh-What?! Saki, that also might give me a heart attack!
Tsukasa: He's right! Hnng... See?! It's already starting! If you don't give us those certificates now, we might...!
Saki: Haha. Okay, I get it, so pull yourselves together! I wanna show just how much I appreciate the both of you!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000072/bg_s000072.png)
Haruka: Happy birthday, Tenma! You really surprised us when you gave us those adorable certificates of appreciation. I'll make sure to hang it up somewhere.
Minori: Me too! Oh, Haruka and I picked out the lip gloss that was a part of your present. I really think it'll look good on you, so I hope you get a chance to use it!
Airi: Thanks for the wonderful certificate of appreciation, Saki! I couldn't be happier as an idol and your senior.
Airi: I'm looking for a present that also shows my appreciation for you, so stay tuned!
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Saki. And thank you for the certificate of appreciation. I wasn't expecting to also receive one.
Shizuku: I heard you gave one to Shii too, yes? She couldn't stop smiling after she got home. Hehe. I hope you two remain friends for a very long time.
Kohane: Happy birthday, Saki! Thank you for the certificate of appreciation. I know you've been very busy lately with your band and all.
Kohane: Please let me know when you're doing another show! I promise to buy a ticket and be there to cheer you on!
Emu: Your show...! Honami invited me that other time, but I couldn't go because of my own show...
Emu: Please make sure to invite me to your next one, Saki! Oh, do you need a tambourine player? I can jingle-jangle for lots and lots if you ever need one♪
Tsukasa: Saki! Once more, happy birthday!!
Toya: Happy birthday, Saki. I'm so glad that you're able to just live your life now. Am I right in saying that you're just as relieved, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Yes, I was worried that you'd fall ill while at school, but I'm glad those concerns ended up being unfounded. Luckily, you have Ichika and the others to also look out for you.
Tsukasa: Saki. Your smiling face is what makes me, Mom and Dad the happiest, so please keep having fun and enjoying each day as much as you can.
Ichika: Happy birthday, Saki!
Honami & Shiho: Happy birthday!
Shiho: We were planning on throwing you a surprise party with Miku and the others, but you managed to get the jump on us.
Honami: Hehe. Your handmade certificates of appreciation were so lovely. I mean, look at the pegasuses she drew for the borders. Their faces all look a little different.
Shiho: Yeah. Mine have this sharp and serious look while Honami's are grinning and Ichika's are singing. We can tell you put a lot of effort into these.
Ichika: Saki. We all feel the same way about wanting to be together forever.
Ichika: So let's keep doing our best and keep moving forward, together!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Thank you all for listening to our songs in SEKAI!
Saki: Because of your support, I always feel this warmth well up inside me whenever we do shows here.
Saki: You guys are the reason why we're able to do everything we can to put on good performances!
Saki: As such, I present you all with this certificate of appreciation stamped with the Tenma seal! May 9th, from Saki Tenma, who couldn't be happier that all of you are here to celebrate with me!
Saki: Hehe. Feel free to stop by whenever to listen to us play, okay? We'll be waiting!
(White cut)
