495_Saki Tenma_R4 You're Really Buff Now?! (event_69)

Gacha phrase: That's amazing, Hona!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Saki: Finally... Homeroom's over...
Honami: Oh, Saki! Did homeroom for Class C also just end?
Saki: Yup! But Ichi's gotta stay behind for classroom duties. She might be awhile.
Honami: Okay... We'll have to wait for Shiho too. Homeroom for Class A still hasn't finished yet.
Honami: Also, is Ichika's finger okay now?
Saki: Yeah! She showed me earlier and it's completely healed!
Honami: Thank goodness... I was sort of startled when I heard about what happened in SEKAI.
Saki: I was kinda shocked when I heard that you broke one of your drumsticks, Hona!
Honami: Um... I didn't break it. I actually just cracked it a little.
Saki: Oh, that's right! I was totally under the impression that you'd gotten so buff that you'd snapped it in half!!
Honami: Haha...
Honami: However, you may be right. My arms do feel a little stronger now...
Honami: And I can drum for a long time now without feeling fatigued.
Saki: Whoa! That's so cool! It means real changes are happening!
Honami: Yes. I'm not sure if this is related, but my upper arm also seems a little slimmer now.
Honami: I'm actually happy that it's gone from being a bit flabby to being toned.
Saki: Yeah, that's amazing!
Saki: Oh, Hona! Mind if I feel your arm?
Honami: Hehe. Be my guest.
Saki: Woohoo!
Saki: Whoa... It really does feel toned...!
Honami: See what I mean?
Saki: Yeah! Now try flexing for me!
Honami: Okay. Ready?
Honami: Hnng!!
Saki: Wh-Whoa...!! This is so cool! Hona, your arm's rock solid!
Saki: Oh, I'm gonna try doing that too♪
Saki: Hnng!!
Saki: Guh! It still feels soft...
Saki: But I've been doing my best every day... I guess this means I need to practice more...
Honami: I'm not sure there's much you can do about that since playing the synthesizer doesn't involve using many big muscles...
Honami: Plus, outward physical changes aren't the only thing that shows how hard you've been working.
Honami: I mean, Saki, you always stay and practice until really late, right?
Saki: What?! How do you know about that, Hona?!
Honami: This one time, when I went to talk to MEIKO about staying behind to practice, I heard the sound of someone playing the synthesizer coming from afar.
Honami: That really encouraged me and made me want to try harder.
Saki: H-Hona...!
Saki: Thank you! I love you so much!
Honami: Wah! Oh, Saki... You just can't help it during moments like these, can you?
Saki: That's because you're too nice, Hona.
Saki: But...
Saki: Hehe. I'm really glad. Your cheeks are as soft as ever♪
Saki: I'm gonna rub-a-dub-dub them even more!
Honami: Huh? Hehe! Wait, Saki, that tickles...
Saki: *Sigh* Well-toned muscles are nice, but I think I prefer it if the rest of you stays soft and cuddly.
Honami: Huh? Hmm... Really? I'd rather not be too soft...
Shiho: What are you doing to her, Saki?
Saki: Hehe. I'm getting my fill of how muscly and cuddly Hona is.
Shiho: What are you talking about...?
Ichika: Hehe. I'm not sure either, but there's quite a few other people watching.
Saki: Really?! No! Hona's all mine! They can't have her!
Honami: Um... I don't think that's why they were watching...
Ichika: Anyway, now that we're all here, shall we get to training?
Saki & Honami: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: I wouldn't mind running like that again...
Saki: *Gasp* Shiho...!
Shiho: But we don't have time to individually practice playing our instruments. Moving forward, we're gonna need to play as much as we can as a band and push each other to do better.
Shiho: Try to keep up with me, okay?
Ichika, Honami & Saki: Okay!
Saki: (Thank you for believing in us, Shiho! We promise to do everything we can to keep up with you!)
(Black cut)
Shiho: Nice work, everyone.
Saki: N-Nice work...
Ichika: It's pretty late now. We should probably clean everything up as quickly as possible.
Honami: Right.
Miku (Ln): We'll help.
Ichika: Thank you, Miku, Luka.
Saki: Okay... I should also help clean up...
Saki: (Trying to keep up with Shiho is just so hard...)
Saki: (We got to finally practice as a band today, but we never really got in sync...)
Saki: (No, this was just our first day...! We still have two weeks! We have to figure out a way!)
Saki: (Oh, that reminds me...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Ichika: For us to reach your level, Shiho, we'll probably have to spend less time eating and sleeping in order to practice.
Ichika: Even so... I want to make that happen before our show.
Shiho: You make it sound so simple...
Shiho: But that's easier said than done. Until now, we've been practicing with everything we have without cutting any corners.
Shiho: But to ask you to do even more... What if one of you collapses from exhaustion before our show...?
Saki: I don't care. I'd rather have that happen than regret not practicing as hard as I could've.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Saki: (Th-That's right... I went as far as saying that I don't care if I collapse...)
Len: Shiho, I bundled up all of the cables.
Shiho: Thanks, Len. I can handle the rest.
Saki: ...
Saki: Shiho, I'll lend you a hand once I'm done cleaning up here!
Shiho: Thanks, but that's okay. I'm actually just about to finish.
Saki: O-Okay... Um, then... Wanna talk about what could've gone better during practice today?
Shiho: ...
Shiho: What's with all the tip-toeing? Can't you just say what you want to ask?
Saki: Oh... Um...
Saki: Remember what I said during our last practice? About how I didn't care if I collapsed...?
Saki: But I know that it'd be really, really bad if I actually did collapse from exhaustion!
Saki: Y-Yes, I cut back on sleeping and eating so that I could practice instead.
Saki: I even asked to have my shifts reduced at work and to take days off from club activities in order to focus on our band!
Saki: So, I kinda wasn't joking when I said that I didn't care if I collapsed from exhaustion...!!
Shiho: Don't worry. I know.
Shiho: Based on all of your expressions that time, I could tell that you guys were being serious, Saki.
Saki: ...!
Shiho: Not only that, when you were writing your new song, you managed to complete it after taking a really hard look at yourself, right?
Shiho: There's no doubting your commitment at this point, Saki.
Saki: Sh-Shiho...!!
Shiho: So, I'm hoping that you'll get through this... Let's put on the best show Leo/need's ever done.
Saki: Yeah... Yeah...!!
Saki: I'll do whatever it takes! Even if the Earth gets destroyed!
Shiho: Huh? I sorta doubt that you'll be able to if the Earth gets destroyed.
Saki: No, I'll still do it♪
Shiho: Wait, huh? Why are you hugging me?
Saki: Hehe.
Saki: (Just watch, Shiho. I'll show you that I can get through this!)
(Black cut)
