538_Saki Tenma_R3 Kindness I Can Lean On (event_76)

Gacha phrase: Is the studio not free yet?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Alright, my keyboard's nice and clean now...!
Saki: I gave this song a really close listen, so I should be all set for our big music video debut!
Saki: ...
Saki: I...
Saki: I'm getting really nervous!
Saki: As excited as I am about us shooting a video, I don't know how I'm gonna do!
Saki: N-No, I'll be fine! I practiced a ton, and it's not like we're livestreaming it...
Saki: Also, I shouldn't be worrying so much just before our shoot...!
Saki: Our big debut's gonna be so awesome that we're only gonna need to do one take!
Saki: Alright, I'm gonna psych myself up by watching some really cool ones!
Saki: Oh, the others might know about some good ones! I'll ask them in the group chat♪
(Black cut)
Saki: Oh, they replied!
Honami: <I've been using this band's music videos as reference. It's incredible how they seem to be able to find and use the perfect effects for their songs.>
Honami: <This band too. I'm not sure I can do the same thing as them, but it was interesting to see the way they created all these elaborate visual representations.>
Saki: Whoa! I can't wait to see either!
Saki: <Thanks, Hona! I'll check out both of these! I'll share some music videos that I really like too♪>
Saki: Oh, Ichi and Shiho just replied!
Ichika: <I'd like to see your video recommendations as well, Honami.>
Shiho: <I actually really like the band that made the second song you posted, Honami. This one's also really good, so I hope you all get a chance to watch it.>
Saki: Nice! Shiho also recommended one!
Saki: <Thanks for sharing, Shiho♪ I can't wait to watch it!>
Shiho: <That's great, but don't get so excited that you're not able to fall asleep, okay?>
Saki: <Heh heh heh. Joke's on you! I was too nervous to sleep anyway!>
Shiho: <Wait, how's that a good thing?>
Saki: Hehe. Yeah...
Saki: <But that's okay. If I do have trouble falling asleep, I can just try out some of those tricks you all taught me that other time.>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Saki: <Hey, what do you guys do when you have trouble falling asleep?> I wonder if anyone's gonna reply...
Ichika: <Good morning, Saki. Are you having trouble falling asleep because you slept during the day?>
Ichika: <Some healing music might help you relax. I'll post a few songs I like, so I hope you get a chance to listen to them.>
Honami: <If you need a way to relax, then I recommend stretching. I'll post some good videos for you to watch.>
(White cut)
Shiho: <What about reading a textbook? I'm guessing you'll be out like a light after five lines of your history textbook.>
Saki: Haha. Oh, Shiho.
Saki: <Thank you all so much! I'll try all of your suggestions♪>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Saki: <I ended up going through my math textbook because I actually like reading the one for history.>
Shiho: <Your math textbook? Wouldn't the questions be the only thing you can actually read?>
Ichika: <Also, Saki, didn't you end up not able to sleep that time because you realized how you'd forgotten to do a homework assignment?>
Saki: *Gasp*
Saki: <Ichi, that was supposed to be a secret!>
Ichika: <Huh?! I'm sorry!>
Shiho: <Relax.>
Saki: Shiho, that's so kind of...
Saki: Hey, what's with this snickering stamp?!
Saki: Wait, there's two?!
Honami: <I'm glad you remembered to do your homework.>
Saki: Hona...!
Saki: <I knew you'd say that! You're like the goddess of kindness!>
Shiho: <Anyway, it's getting pretty late. I'm gonna go to bed.>
Saki: Hm? Whoa, she's right! I need to go to bed soon too.
Ichika: <Okay, I think I will too. See you all tomorrow.>
Honami: <See you tomorrow!>
Shiho: <I got in a good laugh before bed, so I'm looking forward to some fun dreams. Night, everyone.>
Saki: Shiho... You really didn't have to say that last part...!
Saki: But I do feel a lot better now.
Saki: Hehe. I think I'll watch the music videos they all shared and then go to bed.
Saki: I can't wait for it to be tomorrow!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Saki: Hurry, you guys! We're almost there!
Shiho: You keep saying that, but it feels like we've been going in circles...
Honami: Haha... I suppose it's only natural to get a little lost while finding a shop that just opened.
Ichika: But we should be on the right track this time. The sign we just found seemed like the correct one.
Saki: Hey, here it is! The new pancake shop!
Shiho: And they smell really good...
Saki: I know, right? It seemed like the perfect place for us to celebrate a job well done on our music video♪
Ichika: And we all seemed interested in checking it out.
Honami: Hehe. I've definitely worked up an appetite, so let's head in.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Inside the Pancake Shop]

Honami: Wow, you get to choose what kind of batter they use. Which one should we get...?
Shiho: Didn't you look up some recommended choices beforehand, Saki?
Saki: I'm glad you asked, Shiho♪
Saki: I recommend the fluffy soufflé! That with whipped cream and fruits on top is apparently the most popular combination!
Ichika: Soufflé pancakes do sound good.
Shiho: Seems like a safe choice seeing as whipped cream and fruits are also pretty standard...
Shiho: However, based on the pictures in the menu, they come with a ton of whipped cream.
Saki: It's supposed to be really light and not super sweet, so you should be able to gobble it up just fine!
Saki: Some people were saying how it sort of just disappeared before their eyes as they ate it.
Honami: You researched all that information for us?
Saki: Of course. I came fully prepared today!
Ichika: Hehe. And yet, we ended up getting lost along the way.
Saki: Urgh... Cut me some slack. I didn't realize that it was down such a narrow alleyway!
Saki: Hona... Ichi's teasing me...
Honami: Hehe. It's okay, Saki. We know you did your best.
Honami: And no teasing Saki, Ichika.
Ichika: Okay.
Shiho: ...
Saki: Whoa, Shiho, you're looking through the menu so seriously! You almost never do that!
Shiho: Your recommendation did sound pretty good, Saki, but also fairly standard. But I'm getting lost in all these choices...
Shiho: Come to think of it, even though they have all these different things, you're going all plain and simple?
Saki: Oh, Shiho... Don't you know that a shop's plain and simple choice is what separates it from its competitors?
Saki: Depending on the convenience store, the fried chicken tastes different and hot dogs aren't fried the same way, right? That's what I'm talking about.
Shiho: You say that, but...
Honami: Hehe. I think I understand.
Honami: How crisp the crust and apples are for a pie are going to differ quite a bit based on which bakery you go to.
Shiho: Oh, that makes a little more sense.
Ichika: I mostly get what Saki meant about convenience store food.
Saki: Ichi...! I knew you'd understand!
Shiho: After telling on her for teasing you just now.
Honami: Hehe.
(Black cut)
Waiter: Thank you for your patience. Here are your four plain pancakes.
Honami: Wow, they're so big... But they look so delicious.
Shiho: Yeah, so... Let's...
Saki: No, wait! We should take a picture first!
Honami: Would we fit if we all squeezed in?
Ichika: Just be careful not to get whipped cream on your clothes.
Saki: Ready?! Say, “Cheese♪”
Honami: Now for our much-awaited pancakes.
Saki: Yup! Here's to a job well done on an amazing shoot and music video♪
Saki: So, let's...!
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Dig in!
(Black cut)
