577_Saki Tenma_R4 Dozing Off In Art Class (event_83)

Gacha phrase: Hmm... The next melody should...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[After school]

[School SEKAI]

Honami: *Sigh* We're finally done readjusting the schedule.
Shiho: Yeah. Also, Saki, Ichika, you two seem...
Saki: Yup! Our song and lyrics are really coming along!
Ichika: Getting to focus on songwriting and practicing makes for great progress. Thanks for making this possible, Honami.
Honami: Hehe. There's no need to thank me.
Shiho: Alright then, let's start our practice after a quick breather.
Saki: Okay!
Shiho: Oh, that reminds me... Saki, Ichika, how's that other thing coming?
Miku (Ln): What other thing?
Shiho: Their assignment for art class. I heard from Honami that you two still haven't finished.
Luka: Oh, is that true?
Saki: H-Haha... So...
Ichika: We were supposed to wrap them up during class today, but Saki and I ended up falling asleep...
Saki: We got chewed out pretty hard...
Len: You fell asleep? That's kinda surprising.
MEIKO: It must be a sign that all the work you were doing took its toll.
Saki: *Sob* But I was being so careful about not falling asleep.
Ichika: Me too. Unfortunately, we couldn't overcome the sleepiness that came over us during our first afternoon class...
Rin: That means you need a way to sleep without being discovered☆
Len: Rin, that doesn't make it okay to fall asleep during class.
Miku (Ln): To be fair, they probably wouldn't have been scolded if they weren't found out...
Ichika: I feel bad since the teachers always do their best during class...
Saki: Ichi and I both learned our lesson...
Saki: But I was really taken aback when the teacher said, “Quit fooling around and draw what's in front of you!”
KAITO: Quit fooling around...?
Ichika: Oh, right... You rebutted and tried to defend what you were doing.
Honami: What do you mean?
Saki: You gotta hear this! We did sketches of a sculpture during class today!
Saki: So, I psyched myself up and tried my best to draw it...
Saki: But around the time I finished drawing the outline for it, I started getting sleepier and sleepier...
Len: Oh, I see. You sorta took a sigh of relief because you'd reached a checkpoint...
Saki: Yeah... But I still hadn't drawn the shadows and stuff, so I tried to stay awake and keep drawing...
Saki: But I became so sleepy that I ended up drawing a gash across the face of my sketch...
Honami: Haha... I can certainly picture that.
Shiho: It sounds like something you'd do, Saki...
Luka: But something like that can be seen as a simple mistake. How does that turn into “fooling around”?
Saki: About that... When I panicked and tried to erase the line, it started getting all black and blotchy.
Saki: Then, it was like my sculpture grew a little mustache...!
Miku (Ln): H-Hehe...
MEIKO: You must be joking! A little mustache...?!
Saki: No, don't laugh! The teacher got really mad at me for that!
Honami: So, the teacher couldn't help but believe that you fell asleep after doodling...
Shiho: Talk about being unlucky...
Saki: *Sob* They understood in the end, but it still doesn't change the fact that I got scolded...
Ichika: Still, neither Saki nor I finished our drawings, so we have to wrap them up tomorrow.
Shiho: Does that mean you two are gonna be late for practice...?
Saki: No, we shouldn't be! Our plan is to get to school early and finish them then!
Ichika: We can't let our mistakes affect all of you.
Shiho: Okay... But don't push yourselves too hard, okay?
Ichika & Saki: Okay!
Shiho: Then, let's start practice.
MEIKO: Hehe. Playing like you mean it should make you forget all about that scolding.
Saki: Yeah, definitely...!
Saki: Alright, let's do our best again today!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Early morning]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Saki: Phew... Thank goodness we managed to finish our assignments!
Ichika: Yeah. And it was so nice of the teacher to get here early.
Saki: Hehe. I'm so glad♪ Now we can keep practicing without worrying about anything else!
Ichika: Still, I can't believe we both fell asleep during class like that...
Saki: I know, right...?
Saki: You actually get to do stuff during art. As busy as we were preparing for our solo show, I'm surprised we couldn't stay awake...
Ichika: Haha. Let's be sure to never do that again.
Ichika: On top of getting scolded by the teacher, we have to spend extra time making up for our mistakes. I'd prefer to avoid all that.
Saki: Same...
Saki: Oh, also... I think that was the first time I ever got scolded by a teacher!
Ichika: That's not true. You definitely got scolded during elementary school.
Saki: What?! Are you sure?!
Ichika: Yes. Remember when we tried to fling our shoes across the schoolyard?
Ichika: You flung yours into the teachers' office and they got really mad at you.
Saki: Oh... R-Right. I kinda sorta vaguely recall...
Ichika: Hehe. Oh, Saki. At the same time...
Ichika: I might not mind this kind of thing every so often.
Saki: Yeah, same! I really don't want to get scolded again...
Saki: But it really feels like we're enjoying school life, you know♪
Ichika: I understand what you're trying to say, but does getting scolded by a teacher count as us enjoying school life?
Saki: It so does! Because it's like one of the cornerstones of being a student!
Ichika: Okay, sure. That's bound to happen to anyone at school... But I'd sort of rather enjoy school in a more positive way.
Saki: In a more positive way?
Ichika: Yeah, such as...
Ichika: How about volunteering for something together...?
Saki: Yeah, volunteering! We could collect donations or pick up litter somewhere!
Ichika: Exactly. Remember how we did that a few times during elementary school?
Ichika: Going somewhere with your classmates while class is in session is something you can only experience when you're in school, right?
Saki: Yeah...! Stuff like that's always really fun!
Saki: Oh, also...! Getting the blackboard to be totally spotless! That's something you can only do at school!
Ichika: I never thought about that, but I agree about it being very school-specific.
Saki: Exactly! And I always love using the machine that shakes chalk off the erasers♪
Ichika: Haha. I know what you mean.
Ichika: I hear some voices in the distance... That must be everyone else!
Saki: Yeah! Oh, that's it...!
Saki: Ichi, wanna say good morning to everyone as they enter our classroom?!
Saki: A hearty greeting to start off the day! That's also really school-like, right?
Ichika: Hehe. Those are the kinds of things I'd never think of doing.
Ichika: Alright, Saki, let's say good morning to everyone.
Saki: Yeah!
Saki & Ichika: Good morning!
(Black cut)
