604_Saki Tenma_R2 Simmered Gently and Lovingly (event_87)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: Hmm...
Tsukasa: Saki! Mom just poured us some after-dinner tea!
Saki: Oh, okay. Thanks.
Tsukasa: Hm? What's wrong? You look concerned.
Tsukasa: Wait, don't tell me. Did you not have enough to eat during dinner? Or would you like some dessert?
Saki: Huh? No, I'm not hungry or anything.
Saki: It's just... What we talked about during dinner is kinda bothering me.
Tsukasa: Ah, the thing about Mom and Dad going over to have dinner with Toya's parents at their house?
Saki: Yeah. I thought that meant we'd get to go over too, but it's just adults only this time.
Tsukasa: To be fair, they've known each other for a very long time, so it makes sense that they'd want to have a meal as friends.
Saki: Yeah, I get that...
Saki: But if it's adults only, where does that leave Toya? Wouldn't he sort of have to eat all by himself since it's gonna be a party for just our parents?
Tsukasa: ...! Now that you mention it...
Saki: See what I mean?
Saki: Toya might not mind... But if it were me in his shoes, I'd be pretty against it.
Tsukasa: Saki...
Tsukasa: Hmm... Hmmmm...!
Saki: Tsukasa...?
Tsukasa: Hmmm... Ah, yes, that's it!
Tsukasa: If our parents are going to have a dinner party with just them, why don't we throw ourselves a dinner party here?!
Saki: *Gasp* That's a great idea!
Tsukasa: Isn't it?! Go on! Shower me with more praise!
Saki: Way to go, Tsukasa! You're the best!
Mother: Hehe. You two certainly seem to be enjoying yourselves.
Saki: Oh, Mom! We were just talking about throwing our own dinner party here!
Mother: I see. Would you like me to relay this to Toya's mother?
Tsukasa: Really?! You will?!
Mother: Of course. But you need to check with Toya to see if he's free, okay?
Saki: Okay! It's already getting late, so we'll ask him about it later!
Mother: Hehe. I hope your party turns out well.
Tsukasa: Thanks, Mom!
Saki: Oh, Tsukasa! What should we have for our dinner party?
Tsukasa: Well, we could have pizza, chicken, sushi, some other dishes... Oh, we could even have a spread of hors d'oeuvres!
Saki: Wow! Those all sound so good!
Saki: Hehe. I can't wait♪ Doesn't this remind you of when we were little?
Tsukasa: Yes, we used to have dinner with Toya quite often whenever he came over to our house.
Saki: Yeah, exactly. Every time we heard that Toya was coming over, we always asked Mom if we could help! I remember that being so much fun.
Tsukasa: Yes, Toya enjoyed it as well. Not only that, but helping prepare our own meal made it feel just that much more special.
Saki & Tsukasa: *Gasp*
Saki: Tsukasa, guess what♪ I just thought of something really amazing.
Tsukasa: Heh heh heh. What a coincidence, Saki. So did I.
Tsukasa: Alright, let's say it together on three.
Saki: Okay! One, two...!
Saki & Tsukasa: Let's cook dinner for ourselves! We should cook something!
Tsukasa: You came up with the same idea as me. I should expect no less from my sister.
Saki: Same for you, brother. You thought of the same thing as I did.
Saki & Tsukasa: Haha! Hah hah hah!
Tsukasa: Alright, let's go with that! We're going to put together an incredible feast!
Saki: Yeah! That means we need to come up with a menu!
Tsukasa: Indeed. Why don't we start by thinking about what we want to eat?
Saki: Okay♪
Saki: Hehe. What do you think Toya would like? It'd be great if we could come up with a menu that he'll really enjoy!
Tsukasa: Yes, it would!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: Okay, let's start our... I forget, is this our third one? Our third meeting to decide the menu for our dinner party!
Tsukasa: Alright, our goal for today is to make our final selections!
Saki: Right! So, I'll begin by announcing the candidates for side dishes!
Saki: First, we need some kind of salad, so I think one with tomatoes would be nice!
Saki: Some red and juicy tomatoes should help add a bit of color to our menu!
Tsukasa: Yes, that's excellent!
Saki: Our next candidate is the onion marinade Mom taught me how to make! It's the perfect appetizer since it has such a refreshing taste to it♪
Tsukasa: Yes, that should set the stage for our main dish rather nicely!
Saki: I know, right? But I also wanna hear your suggestions, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Ah, then... Why don't I announce the candidates for our main dish?!
Saki: This is so exciting...!
Saki: (What did he pick...?!)
Saki: (We had so much fun during our last meeting that we couldn't really decide.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsukasa: How does something visually appealing like rice omelets sound?
Saki: Yeah, we could decorate and write whatever we want on them using ketchup!
Saki: Oh, along the same lines, we could also make Salisbury steaks♪
Saki: How amazing would it be if we whipped up some really huge ones?!
Tsukasa: Yes, I like that. Simple but stunning. Not only that, Salisbury steaks are delicious!
Saki: Yup yup♪ Delicious is definitely important!
Saki: Oh, also! How about beef stew? The one Mom makes is so good!
Tsukasa: Yes, and we may be able to as well if we were to learn her recipe!
Tsukasa: Wait, we have to at least mention pot stickers... Each family makes them using different ingredients, and Mom even has her own special recipe.
Saki: True. Ours are usually brimming with meat.
Saki: I remember hearing how Hona's family makes them with lots of chives and veggies.
Tsukasa: Ah, that sounds very healthy. The opposite of the ones at Rui's house.
Saki: What do they do at Rui's house?
Tsukasa: Ah, they apparently only have meat in them because Rui absolutely detests vegetables.
Saki: What?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsukasa: Ahem... I shall now announce the candidates for our main dish!
Saki: Okay!
Tsukasa: First! Beef stew!
Saki: Yum!
Tsukasa: Based on what Mom told me, it's a bit of an involved recipe but doable as long as we take it step by step.
Saki: Really?! That's big if it means we can make it ourselves.
Tsukasa: To be fair, we haven't actually picked it yet. Anyway, second! Rice omelets!
Saki: Oh, that's our chance to make them look really fancy for our guest...!
Tsukasa: Indeed. Mom also said that we should be able to handle making them.
Tsukasa: I saw the recipe and it's much less involved than the one for her beef stew.
Saki: Hmm... I guess it comes down to the details, huh?
Tsukasa: Yes, but the more we pay attention to the details, the more delicious and satisfying our dishes will be.
Tsukasa: As such, I vote for beef stew!
Tsukasa: What say you, Saki? Which would you rather have? Beef stew or rice omelets?
Saki: Hmmm...
Saki: (I've watched Mom make her beef stew before, but she really seemed to have her hands full.)
Saki: (On top of having to chop all the veggies into the same size, you have to cook everything at the right temperature...)
Saki: (Still, as hard as it is to make, she's willing to go through all that in order to have us eat her yummy stew.)
Saki: I've made my decision, Tsukasa! I also vote for beef stew!
Saki: I want Toya to have our family's special dish!
Tsukasa: Excellent! Then, we'll have beef stew as the main dish!
Saki: Yay♪
Saki: Next, we need to choose our side dishes! I have a few other candidates besides the salad I mentioned earlier!
Tsukasa: Alright, lay it on me!
Saki: (I'm not that confident when it comes to cooking, but I think I'll be fine as long as I have Tsukasa there with me!)
Saki: (Hehe. I really hope Toya enjoys everything...!)
(Black cut)
