624_Saki Tenma_R4 Ready To Take It All On (event_91)

Gacha phrase: No more hesitation.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Live House]

Ichika: We're just getting started! Try to keep up, everyone!
Saki: (We're already through three songs! We gotta maintain this momentum and keep raising the temperature!)
Ichika: ——! ————~~~!!
Ichika: Everybody, together!
Ichika: ——! ————!!
Audience: ——! ————!!
Saki: (This is so awesome...! The crowd's singing along! They're totally into it!)
Ichika: ——! ————!!
Saki & Audience: ——! ————!!
Saki: (Nice! They really liked what I just did there!)
Saki: (Hehe...! I'm grinning. I can't seem to contain my joy!)
Saki: (And they're responding so well! It's like we've become one with them!)
Saki: (This is nothing like our usual events!)
Saki: (This is what it means to put on our very own show...!!)
(Black cut)
Ichika: Everyone! I'd like to thank you all once again for coming out to see Leo/need's first solo show!
Ichika: Um... We've played a few songs back to back now, but I'd like to take this opportunity to say something.
Ichika: Also, I'd like for my bandmates to say a few words since I'm usually the one who does all the talking.
Ichika: Is there anything you'd all like to say?
Saki: Oh, I know! I wanna introduce our members!
Ichika: I-Introduce us?
Shiho: We did that at the beginning. We're doing it again?
Saki: Yeah! Band members usually introduce themselves by playing their instruments and stuff, right?! I think that's super cool!
Saki: I like it a lot because it makes shows feel more real in my opinion♪
Honami: Oh, that's right. Saki, you always slightly change the little tune you play when we introduce ourselves.
Saki: Hona, you noticed?! You're such a good listener!
Saki: That also applies to this show! I changed it up a little just for today!
Audience: Really?!
Audience: Play it again! I wanna hear what's different!
Shiho: ... I guess we should give them what they want.
Honami: Oh, if Saki's going to do that, why don't we try mixing things up in another way?
Saki: Wait, I know! Let's have the crowd join in too! They can give us a big whoop each time!
Ichika: Oh, I like that. How about it, everyone?
Saki: Yay! Thanks, you guys♪
Shiho: Alright, Saki, it was your idea, so lead us off.
Saki: What, I get to go first?!
Ichika: You did come up with this.
Honami: Whenever you're ready.
Saki: Hehe. Then, here it goes♪
Saki: Ahem! Please allow me to introduce the wonderful members of Leo/need!
Saki: First, on the drums...
Saki: Leo/need's bedrock foundation, Hona!
Saki: Next, on the bass!
Saki: The always cool and reliable...Shiho!
Saki: Now, our lead singer and guitarist!
Saki: A girl who's super nice, amazingly awesome and loves flowers to death! Ichi!
Saki: And on the keyboard!
Saki: Me—
Ichika: The tireless heart and soul of our band! Saki!
Saki: *Gasp* Hehe...
Shiho: I was hoping to get in a quick breather here, but the energy seems to be in a good place... Why don't we just jump right into our next song?
Ichika: Yeah, let's do that.
Ichika: Everyone! This is the sprint to the finish! Let's keep this energy up all the way through to the end!
Saki: (Wow! I'm not sure how, but we seem even more connected to the audience now...!)
Saki: (This is so amazing...! My heart won't stop pounding!)
Saki: (But we're also through half our show already...!)
Saki: (I need to put my heart and soul into every song... No, every note!)
Saki: (To make sure everyone feels genuinely moved by our performance!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[CD Shop]

Ichika: Oh, here it is...! “The Miku Collaboration Album!”
Saki: That's great, Ichi! I'm glad they still had some limited-edition ones in stock!
Ichika: Me too! We were so busy getting for our solo show that I completely forgot to reserve a copy. I was worried that I wouldn't be able to get one...
Shiho: You really have amazing luck when it comes to these things, Ichika. Remember how you got the last copy of that other CD?
Honami: What if it's because they're Miku CDs? They might've been waiting for you to come pick them up.
Ichika: Hehe. That's a nice thought.
Ichika: Anyway, I'll take this up front.
Saki: Okay♪ See you in a bit!
Shiho: Oh, while we wait, wanna check out what they have in the shelves in the back with all the indie bands?
Saki: Indie bands? That sounds fun♪ Let's go! Let's go!
(Black cut)
Honami: All the artists on these shelves... They're all indie bands?
Shiho: Yeah, this shop usually has a pretty good selection.
Shiho: Like... Oh, found it.
Saki: Whoa! The artwork's so cool! Do you like this band, Shiho?
Shiho: More that they're people I know.
Saki: Y-You know them?!
Shiho: I subbed in for them a couple times when they were down a bassist, but I heard they found one and made their debut a little while ago...
Honami: Really? Then, they're more experienced than us, aren't they?
Shiho: In terms of being pros, yes.
Saki: Pros...
Ichika: Thanks for waiting!
Honami: It's okay. You weren't gone long.
Shiho: Sorry, I'm gonna buy this one if you guys don't mind waiting a bit...
Saki: ...
Shiho: Hm? Saki...?
Ichika: You spaced out for a second there. Is everything okay?
Saki: Oh, um... No, it's nothing...
Saki: But we're really gonna go pro soon, huh?
Shiho: We still have our contract to discuss, but if things go well, yes.
Honami: My mind still hasn't quite caught up yet...
Saki: Hehe. Mine neither... But...
Saki: In the not-so-distant future, we might start seeing our own CDs on this store's shelves...!
Ichika: Yeah.
Saki: *Sigh*
Saki: (This isn't a dream, right?)
Saki: (We really get to keep playing music together... As pros...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Saki: Oh, hey...! A STANDOUT CD.
Honami: You're right. They're being featured as a one of the hottest indie bands out there right now. I guess they are just that famous.
(White cut)
Saki: If Shiho joins them, she could actually make it and debut as a pro...
Saki: But what if she starts drifting away from us...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Saki: (I felt so sad that time, but...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: (The four of us finally made it to this point...!)
Saki: (I hope we get to keep playing music together and have our songs heard by lots of people!)
Honami: Hehe. Saki, you seem so happy.
Saki: Hehe. I was just imagining what it might be like when they make a big display for Leo/need♪
Shiho: A display just for us? I think you're getting ahead of yourself.
Saki: But it's important to visualize these things, right?
Saki: They said on TV that visualization leads to success!
Ichika: Isn't that just for professional athletes?
Saki: Huh? What are you...? Oh yeah, it is.
Saki, Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Hehe. Haha.
(Black cut)
