641_Saki Tenma_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: Birthdays sure are special.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Saki: Good morning!
Ichika: Morning, Saki.
Honami & Shiho: Good morning.
Saki: Huh? Hona, Shiho, why are you guys in my classroom?
Shiho: Why do you think?
Honami: Ready? Three, two, one!
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Happy birthday, Saki!
Saki: Wow! Thank you, everyone!
Saki: You all texted me happy birthday at midnight, so I never thought you'd pull off something like this! Talk about getting caught off guard!
Ichika: It's not every day we get to do this. Plus, something as important as this ought to be said in person.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: Hehe...
Saki: I love you all sooo much♪
Ichika: Whoa! Don't just jump at me like that!
Saki: But I wanted to hug you! Hona, you're next! Squeeeze!
Honami: Hehe. I guess I have to. It is your birthday, after all. Squeeze!
Shiho: ...
Saki: Heh heh heh. Where do you think you're going, Shiho?
Shiho: If you hug me, you're not getting your gift.
Saki: What?!
Saki: O-Oh... But, if you give me a hug, then that will be more than worth it!
Shiho: Huh?! Clearly the gift is the better option!
Ichika: Don't push your luck, Saki.
Kohane: Um, excuse me. Is Saki here?
Saki: Oh, hey guys! I can't believe even Shizuku is here!
Shizuku: Hehe. We're all here to celebrate your birthday.
Haruka: Happy birthday, Tenma!
Minori, Shizuku & Kohane: Happy birthday!
Saki: Thank you so much, Shizuku! And you too, Minori, everyone!
Haruka: We got this for you. It may be a bit bulky, but I hope you like it.
Saki: Wow! The bag is huge! Can I open it?
Minori: Go ahead!
Kohane: We were wondering what to get you, but then we eventually found this online.
Saki: Oh, it's a koala plushie! How adorable!
Kohane: It's called a Kuddle Koala. Um, you're supposed to wrap its arms around you like this...
Saki: Oh! It feels like I'm getting hugged by a real koala!
Shizuku: Apparently, it's a bit lighter than a real koala, but about the same size.
Saki: I see! This is amazing!
Haruka: You can use it as a hot water bottle, as a pillow for a lunchtime nap or even when you just need a hug.
Saki: Wow, it's oh so soft and fluffy♪ I don't want this hug to end!
Ichika: Hehe, looks like they found the perfect plushie for you, Saki.
Honami: They really did. Just a moment ago, she was trying to get hugs from everyone.
Saki: Hehehe. Oh, that reminds me, Shiho still hasn't given me a hug!
Shiho: Let's not go through this again...
Shizuku: Hey, hugs are important, you know. They're a way of showing love and appreciation towards those close to you.
Shiho: Hey, Shizuku! I said it's time to drop it.
Saki: Oooh... But if I don't get a hug from you, I'll die a sad and lonely death!
Shiho: That's enough now. Don't think that just because it's your birthday, you can get anything you want.
Saki: Tsk. You're so stingy, Shiho.
Everyone: Hehe. Hahaha.
Haruka: Hey, do you think it's about time we told her?
Kohane: If only Airi was here... What a shame.
Minori: I know, riiight! Too bad she has some reaaally important errands to run...
Saki: Oh, okay...
Haruka: She may not be here right now, but she did pass on a message for you.
Saki: A message?
Haruka: Yes. So...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Lunch break]

[Rooftop]

Saki: Airi, are you there?
Saki: (Huh? But Haruka told me she invited me to lunch...)
Saki: (Maybe she just hasn't arrived yet. I'll wait a little while long—)
???: Saki!
Saki: Oh!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

???: Saki!
Saki: Oh!
Saki: Airi, you're here! And Emu's here too!
Emu: Hehehe. We zoomed all the way here the moment the bell rang♪
Airi: And now, Saki, I hope you're ready for a surprise question!
Saki: What?! Q-Question?!
Airi: Hehe. So...
Airi & Emu: What do we all have in common?
Saki: What do we... Oh!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: Saki, Emu, mind if I joined you on your culinary quest...?
(White cut)
Airi: This'll be perfect too since I was also thinking about doing something for everyone in MORE MORE JUMP!
Emu: Yay! Thank you so much, Airi!!
Saki: Yeah, I have a feeling we can make anything as long as we have you on our side!
Airi: Hehe. Then, we're in agreement.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: The Secret Valentine's Day Alliance!
Emu: Ding, ding, ding!♪ Saki, you are correct!
Saki: So, this is the reason you couldn't make it to the classroom this morning?
Airi: That's right. Emu and I decided to come up with a surprise for you!
Airi: And that's why we told Haruka and the others to pass on that message.
Saki: Oh, right! Well you guys sure did succeed in surprising me♪
Airi: Well if that was enough to surprise you, then just wait and see what's next!
Saki: Huh?
Emu: Don't forget, we're the Secret Valentine's Day Alliance!
Airi: And what do people get on Valentine's Day?
Saki: Hm? Uh... Chocolate, right?
Emu: And what do people get on their birthday?
Saki: Presents...or cake...
Saki: Wait! D-Don't tell me...
Airi: Now, Emu!
Emu: Right away, Airi! Zing-zang-zoom!
Emu: Ta-da!☆
Airi: You're looking at the Secret Valentine's Day Alliance Special Recipe Chocolate Birthday Cake!
Saki: Wh...
Saki: Whoa!!!
Saki: I-It looks amazing! There's even a chocolate koala taking a snooze on top of it!
Emu: Hehehe, since Haruka and the others got you a koala plushie, we thought a sleeping koala would be the perfect icing on the cake♪
Airi: Doesn't it look great? Emu and I worked hard on that.
Saki: It looks really, really cute!
Saki: B-but are you sure you want to give it to me?! It's just so perfect...
Airi: Of course! You can have it as your post-lunch dessert.
Saki: Oh, I see! You did invite me here to have lunch together after all.
Airi: Hehe. Alright, let's all have lunch then.
Saki & Emu: Yeah♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Neighborhood]

Saki: Humhuuum♪ Hehe, huuum♪
Saki: (Today was so much fun!)
Saki: (I even got to celebrate with everyone in SEKAI.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): Happy birthday, Saki. Let's continue to give it our all, together.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: (Birthdays sure are special. They're full of excitement and warmth and fun!)
Saki: (And now, a party with Tsukasa and everyone is waiting for me when I get home.)
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Hey, Saki!
Saki: Oh, Tsukasa!
Saki: Are you also on your way home?
Tsukasa: I am! Hm? That's a lot of bags you're carrying.
Saki: Yeah♪ Shizuku and some other friends gave me a koala plushie!
Saki: I got a bunch of other presents from Ichi and the others, from Emu and even from Airi!
Tsukasa: So these are all those gifts? That was kind of them.
Tsukasa: We're still a way off from home, so how about I carry half of them for you?
Saki: No, I'm fine! These are precious gifts from my friends, so I want to carry them by myself!
Tsukasa: I see...
Tsukasa: Oh, speaking of gifts, I have a little something for you from Nene and Rui. I'll give it to you when we get home.
Saki: Really! What is it? I can't wait to open it♪
Tsukasa: You'll see!
Saki: Hey, you look super happy, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Oh? You think so?
Tsukasa: If so, then perhaps it's because you're smiling?
Tsukasa: Seeing your smile makes me happier than anything else.
Saki: Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: By the way, I have a magnificent gift in store for you, too! This time, I'll be performing to a carefully planned script rather than improvising!
Saki: Oh wow! What kind of show is it going to be?
Tsukasa: Heh! You'll have to watch the real thing to find out the details, but it'll be a one-man show.
Tsukasa: It's the story of a boy bewitched by a spell that makes his legs move when he tries to move his arms, and his arms move when he tries to move his legs!
Saki: Ahahaha, say what now? Sounds like a fun show!
Saki: Let's get home quick so you can show me! Race ya!
Tsukasa: Saki, be careful! Don't run so fast!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000189/bg_s000189.webp)
Minori: Once again, happy birthday, Saki! I'm glad I got to celebrate with you. It was super fun!
Haruka: I'm glad you liked the koala plushie. I was a little worried that you would think it was too big.
Shizuku: We just knew you would love and cherish it to bits because you love plushies.
Airi: Yeah. Thanks to you guys, our surprise also turned out well, so thank you!
Minori: You're welcome, but mind telling us what your surprise was?
Airi: Hehehe, that's our little secret♪ Hope you had a great birthday, Saki!
Kohane: Happy birthday, Saki. I had so much fun celebrating your special day with everyone.
Kohane: Oh, by the way, Aoyagi, I gave Saki your color pen gift set and she loved it. She especially loved the metallic shine!
Toya: I'm glad. She seemed rather interested in those pens when I went shopping with her and Tsukasa a while back. I'm happy to hear she actually liked them.
Toya: I hope you have a delightful birthday, Saki. May our friendship grow ever stronger.
Emu: Saki! I hope you have a super, ultra, crazy, wonderhoy birthday☆
Nene: We even got a new wonderhoy... Uh, so...happy birthday, Tenma. I hope you'll hang out with me sometime.
Rui: Feel free to stop by Phoenix Wonderland sometime and we'll show you around. Hehe, of course, your tour will also include some special effects devised by me...
Tsukasa: That sounds...fun, yet somewhat unsettling. That said, a change of pace will do you some good. Feel free to stop by whenever!
Ichika: I hope you had an amazing birthday, Saki. Let's continue to keep doing our best together as a band!
Honami: It won't be long until we all go pro. The thought of it makes my heart pound.
Shiho: Yeah. It won't be an easy journey, but I'm sure we can overcome anything if we all work together, so keep it up.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Thank you everyone for celebrating my birthday♪
Saki: Hehehe. I got so many gifts today, and I can't stop smiling!
Saki: I promise to give everything my all, and do whatever I can to move forward♪
Saki: So I'll be counting on your support!
(White cut)
