645_Saki Tenma_R3 Feeling Like An Incognito Idol (event_94)

Gacha phrase: Ta-da! A perfect disguise!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Red Brick Center - Building 1, 1st Floor]

Saki: Sorry for the wait, you two! Everything looked so yummy I had trouble choosing.
Inoue: I totally get it! Every souvenir just had this weird charm to it.
Sonoda: Mhm. There were even some that were store exclusive and seasonal too.
Saki: By the way, where's Ichi and Haruka?
Inoue: I think they're still picking out souvenirs, right? They didn't send a message saying they were waiting, so...
Saki: (I know that Ichi was having trouble deciding what to get Miku and the others, so maybe that's what's taking time?)
Saki: (Haruka also said that she was picking out souvenirs for Airi and the others too...)
???: Sorry! Thanks for waiting!
Saki: Oh, Ichi!
Saki: Huh? Wasn't Haruka with you?
Ichika: Well...
(Black cut)
Saki: What?! She got recognized?!
Inoue: Saki, shhh! Shhh!
Saki: *Gasp*
Saki: S-So Haruka is giving all of those elementary school kids handshakes?
Ichika: Yeah... She said she'll meet us when she's done.
Inoue: Wow, Kiritani really is popular among people of all ages.
Sonoda: Now's not the time for that. She got recognized through her disguise, you know?
Saki: Hmm, but Haruka's idol aura is on like a whole other level. So some glasses probably weren't enough...
Sonoda: I hope she's okay...
Ichika: All of those kids listened to her request, so I don't think they'll cause a huge ruckus...
Inoue: But we'll be doing more sightseeing after this... It might be risky.
Saki: If loads of people end up gathering around her, then Haruka won't be able to enjoy the field trip.
Saki: If she got recognized with her current disguise, why don't we just come up with another one?
Ichika: Huh?
Saki: I mean, there's lots of clothing stores here. Let's go find some stuff for her new disguise!
Inoue: Good idea! That might work!
Sonoda: Agreed! I think I saw a shop that sold some hats and glasses!
Saki: Alright! Let's go find some stuff and come up with a new disguise!
(Black cut)

[2nd Floor]

Sonoda: Oh, there it is! The hat and glasses shop!
Saki: Oooh! There's a lot of trendy stuff!
Ichika: Yeah, I'm sure we'll find something that would suit Kiritani.
Inoue: Hehe. Should we have a competition to see who picked out the best item?
Saki: You're on! I'm totally gonna win!
(Black cut)
Inoue: Oh, what about these? The color of the lenses is pretty dark. Wouldn't these be the perfect sunglasses for a disguise?
Saki: Oooh, you're right! They would totally hide your eyes.
Sonoda: Hey, there's another pair of glasses that are similar, but the lenses are bigger!
Saki: Heh heh heh. Aren't you two a little too focused on glasses?
Ichika: Huh?
Saki: Ta-da! A chic hat! Wouldn't this cover her face just nicely?
Inoue: Oooh! It is chic! So what would this look like together with the sunglasses?
Sonoda: Can you try them on, Saki?
Saki: Sure thing♪
Saki: How do I look?
Ichika: Um... You look exactly like a celebrity in disguise.
Inoue: Oof. That's the opposite of what we want...
Sonoda: I think we should change the glasses. I'll have a look a little further inside the shop!
Inoue: Oh, me too!
Saki: Hey Ichi, let's have a look for some other stuff that might suit Haruka♪
Ichika: Sounds good.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: Looks like everyone's here! Alright...
Saki: We can now commence the “Let's Eat the Yokohama Souvenirs Together Party”♪
Rin: Yay♪
Len: That name is quite literal...
KAITO: But, at least it's easy to understand.
Luka: Hehe. It's quite the sight to see souvenirs from all four of you lined up like this.
MEIKO: Yes, to think that 8 desks together wasn't enough for all of it to fit!
Miku (Ln): Was it really okay to buy this much on our account?
Saki: It was A-okay♪
Saki: There were soooooo many things there that we all wanted to try a bunch of stuff too.
Ichika: Also, this is a token of our gratitude for always helping us.
Miku (Ln): Right... Well, in that case, I won't hold back.
Saki: Yeah! Eat as much as you want!
Rin: Yay! Then I'm gonna open this box of shoe-shaped cookies♪
Luka: Oh, they're so cute. Who bought these?
Saki: I did♪ It was me!
MEIKO: I think I'll open this brick-shaped mini cake.
Ichika: Oh, I bought that. I had the sample and it was so fluffy and delicious.
MEIKO: What? It was fluffy? Haha, that's interesting since it looks like a brick.
Len: Hmm... Everything looks so good that I can't choose...
Honami: Then how about this? It's a mooncake that looks like a panda's face. It has red bean paste and apples in it.
Len: Apples?
Shiho: Wow, it's kind of rare for you to buy sweets with apples that aren't apple pie.
Honami: Well, Chinatown isn't really known for apple pies... I tried a sample of these and they were really good, so I got them.
Len: Whether it tastes good or not is what's important. I'll try these.
Shiho: Don't hold back, KAITO.
KAITO: Oh, okay... What did you buy, Shiho?
Shiho: Me? I got this. It's a Cantonese sponge cake.
KAITO: Oh, it's a sponge cake...
Shiho: It's really good and not too sweet either.
Honami: Oh, we tried those too.
Honami: My group and I were talking about how they were so soft you could just keep eating them.
Saki: Sounds nice. We went shopping at the Red Brick Center, so we weren't able to go to Chinatown.
Saki: If we only had another day then we totally would've gone!
Rin: Then why don't you all just go together? You should bring your instruments too, then it'll be like a tour♪
Saki: Oooh! That sounds awesome!
Shiho: A tour, huh? If we get an agency and start working with them, we'll probably be performing at a bunch of different live houses...
Saki: Really?! Does that mean we'll get to go to Yokohama? I wanna go to Okinawa too! Wait, will I need to get a passport or something?!
Ichika: Huh? A passport?
Honami: I don't think we're at a level to be performing overseas yet...
Shiho: Yeah. I think we'd probably be performing somewhere around Shibuya.
Shiho: Even if we get to go somewhere like Yokohama that's good for sightseeing... Our performance is going to be our top priority, so I don't think we'll have time for that, you know?
Saki: Oh, that's true...
Miku (Ln): But I think going to different places and experiencing a variety of things would also be good for you.
Luka: Yes. Also, I'm sure you'll have time after your show. So you can all go sightseeing then, no?
Saki: Yeah, that's right! Exactly!
Saki: Okay! If we get to go to different places to do shows, let's eat good food and give some energetic performances♪
Shiho: Hold on, Saki. You're prioritizing the eating.
Saki: What? Not at all♪ It's about doing your best after eating the local delicacies!
Honami: Hehe. I'm sure we'll get more motivation after having some of the local food.
Ichika: You have a point...
Shiho: *Sigh* You two are too soft on her.
Saki: Hehehe. Softer than the Cantonese sponge cake? KAITO, may I have some of that♪
Rin: C'mon, you guys eat too!
Ichika: Okay.
(Black cut)
