687_Saki Tenma_R2 See You At The Thank You Show! (event_101)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Saki: Let's eat♪
Honami, Shiho & Ichika: Let's eat.
Shiho: We can talk while we eat, but can you all tell me how many people you've invited so far?
Saki: Oh, I can!
Saki: Tsukasa was the first person I invited!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: So, we'd like you and the others to come see Leo/need's Thank You Show!
Tsukasa: Ah, this is wonderful news! I get to see another one of your shows...!
Tsukasa: I'll be there no matter what, Saki! I don't care if it's literally raining cats and dogs!!!
Saki: Haha! We'd have to stop our show if anything like that were to happen.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: Hehe. I guess we can always count on Tsukasa.
Saki: Oh, also! He said that he'll hand Toya and the others their tickets the next time he sees them at school♪
Saki: Still, I was kinda hoping to do that myself...
Ichika: There isn't much we can do about that since we all lead busy lives. We can't ask everyone to make time for us.
Shiho: Yeah. I even asked Kohane to give Shiraishi her ticket.
Shiho: Oh, what about Momoi? You said you wanted to personally invite her, Saki.
Saki: Yup♪ I've already invited her too!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: Wait, you want me to go?
Saki: Yes! I want to show Happy Everyday and you, the person behind her, my full appreciation!
Airi: But you've sorta already done that...
Saki: No, that's just the tip of the iceberg!
Saki: You made me smile so much and were an absolutely gigantic source of encouragement!
Airi: Hehe. Okay. Then, I happily accept your invitation!
Saki: Thank you!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: You weren't able to contain your excitement for the rest of the day.
Ichika: Like when the two of us went to invite Haruka...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: Harukaaa! We've got a present for you♪
Haruka: Oh, is this a ticket to a show...?
Ichika: Saki, you need to explain what it's actually for first...
Haruka: Hehe. Would you mind telling me more...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: You two invited her yesterday, right...?
Saki: Yeah, that's right.
Shiho: (Shizuku talked about our show during their morning practice, which tells me that Momoi and Kiritani already knew...)
Shiho: (Were they just being nice and playing along?)
Ichika: Shiho, is something the matter...?
Shiho: No, nothing... Anyway, who else was there?
Ichika: Oh, I invited Asahina, but she said she probably won't be able to make it.
Ichika: Between school and other things, she always seems incredibly busy. When I messaged her about this, she said she couldn't quite work it into her schedule.
Honami: I see... That's unfortunate...
Ichika: I was really hoping that she'd be able to come since she's part of how I got to meet Kanade.
Saki: Don't worry! This won't be our last chance to show our appreciation.
Saki: Because we can just make more chances by doing lots and lots of shows♪
Ichika: Yeah, you're right...!
Honami: Okay, I'll go next. I invited Emu and Ena the other day...
(Black cut)
Saki: Alright, that's it for tickets and invitations!
Shiho: Wow... Almost everyone we invited is gonna be there.
Honami: Yes, and I'm sure they'll be expecting to see a good performance. So, let's do our best not to disappoint them.
Saki: We'll be fine! I mean, we've been practicing like nonstop every single day!
Ichika: True. And we need to keep that momentum going after school today in order to make sure they understand just how much we appreciate them.
Saki, Shiho & Honami: For sure! Yeah.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Saki's Room]

Saki's Voice (Saki): I'm back!
Mother's Voice: Welcome home, Saki.
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): You're back sooner than expected. I thought you were all going to throw an after-party or something...
Saki's Voice (Saki): We're gonna make our own snacks and stuff, so we're having it on a later date♪
Saki's Voice (Saki): More importantly, did you look outside?! It's absolutely incredible...!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Incredible...? Oh, the meteor shower!
Saki's Voice (Saki): Yeah♪ Mom, Tsukasa, you gotta check it out! Come here!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Okay, we're coming.
Mother: This breeze feels so nice... And there aren't that many clouds out tonight.
Tsukasa: Yes, what a beautiful night sky.
Saki: See what I mean?!
Saki: Oh...! Look! Over there!
Tsukasa: Ah, a shooting star!
Saki: Mom, did you see it?
Mother: Hehe. Yes, I saw it. Oh, there's another one.
Tsukasa: Two in such quick succession! I can't imagine what this is going to be like at its peak!
Saki: Me neither! And now that our show's done, I can enjoy it to the fullest!
Mother: That's wonderful.
Mother: At the same time, Saki, I'm so sorry... I wish I could've gone to your show.
Saki: No, that's totally okay! Work is work, right?
Saki: We're gonna do lots and lots of shows as pros moving forward, and you guys will always be welcome to come see us perform!
Saki: I know I've caused you a lot of stress, so I'll make up for all that by putting on a really amazing performance♪
Mother: Saki...
Mother: Then, when you do... I promise to be there with your father!
Tsukasa: My little sister... She loves her parents so much!
Tsukasa: Saki, as your brother, I could not be more proud...!
Saki: Wait, Tsukasa, why are you the one who's tearing up?
Mother: Hehe...
Mother: Oh, that reminds me. Your father was asking about your show, Saki. Please be sure to tell him how it went.
Saki: I will!
Saki: But he's probably still at work, huh? I'll send him a message for now♪
Saki: “Our show was a huge success♪ I got home just now. I'm watching the meteor shower with Mom and Tsukasa!”
Tsukasa: Saki, why don't you also send him a picture?
Saki: Oh, Tsukasa, great idea!
Saki: Then, we'll have the stars in the back... Mom, Tsukasa, come closer!
Mother: Hehe. Are we all in?
Saki: Yup! I'll send it to him now♪
(Black cut)
Saki: Oh...
Mother: Hehe. Sounds like someone's worked up an appetite. I'll get back to making dinner now.
Tsukasa: Ah, that's right. We're having curry tonight!
Saki: C-Curry?! Woohoo!
Saki: Oh...! Dad just replied!
Mother: Oh, what did he say?
Saki: <Congratulations on a successful show! I also just saw a bit of the meteor shower with my coworkers!>
Saki: Oh, he added a picture! Check it out!
Tsukasa: Oh, he used the sky as the background too! Nice one, Dad!
Mother: He is still at work, right...? Also, what's with this silly pose?
Tsukasa: This is Dad we're talking about... It must mean something!
Tsukasa: Hmm... He has his arm by his waist, but he appears to be holding something while trying to raise it in the air.
Saki: He's also holding something else with his other hand.
Saki: Hmm... This pose looks really familiar for some reason...
Saki: Oh, he's pretending to be Perseus...!
Saki: Just look at this illustration of his constellation! Aren't they identical?
Tsukasa: Oh, you're right!
Tsukasa: Not only did he reply, he took this fun picture for us. As we should expect from Dad!
Mother: And he had someone at work take it for him... Hehe. What are we going to do with him?
Saki: Haha! The person who took it must've been cracking up♪
Tsukasa: Oh... I think my stomach wants to be heard now...
Mother: Oh, dear... I should finish making dinner before it decides to do anything rash.
Tsukasa: I'll help you, Mom.
Saki: Oh, me too!
Tsukasa: Aren't you tired from your show? I should be more than enough...
Saki: No, I wanna help.
Tsukasa: I see...
Mother: I appreciate it. Then, if you don't mind...
Saki & Tsukasa: Yeah! Of course!
(Black cut)
