690_Saki Tenma_R4 Peeking Around The Partition (event_102)

Gacha phrase: I can't believe we get to watch up close...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Ichika: I'm all set to go.
Shiho: I'm also ready.
Saki: Then, let's have another fun practice today and—
Honami: Saki, I think your phone's ringing.
Saki: Oh, it's my boss! Sorry, I need to take this!
Saki: Hi, boss. Tenma here. Yes... Yes, that's fine...
Ichika: Why do you think her manager's calling her...?
Shiho: This could be about them doing that shoot for TV. Saki's scheduled to work that day.
Honami: Oh, I almost forgot. That shoot's fairly soon, no?
Ichika: Not only that, Haruka and the others will be there too—
Saki: Whaaat?!
Ichika: Huh...?
Shiho: Wh-What?
Saki: O-Okay, I understand. I'll also try asking around...
Saki: ...
Honami: S-Saki...?
Saki: Everyone, please answer this as honestly as you can.
Ichika: What...?
Saki: How would you like some extra money...?
(Black cut)
Saki: ...which is why this person with a ton of experience won't be able to make it that day.
Saki: And we urgently need someone to fill in now.
Shiho: What about any of the other employees at the cafe?
Saki: Oh, my boss did manage to find someone who can come in that day.
Saki: But they won't be able to make up for years of experience. Which is why we still need one more...
Ichika: By the way, what does this job involve...?
Saki: Umm... You'd be waiting tables and putting on the finishing touches to sweets.
Shiho: Like decorating them...? In that case...
Saki: How about it, Hona...?
Honami: As much as I want to help, I unfortunately have a prior engagement...
Saki: Okay... Then...
Shiho: Do you honestly think I can wait tables?
Ichika: What...?
Honami: Shiho...
Saki: Wait, how did you...?! And don't give me that look!
Shiho: I didn't want to get your hopes up.
Shiho: In any case, Ichika seems like the best person for this job.
Ichika: Hmm... I probably wouldn't have too much trouble waiting tables, but I'm less sure about decorating sweets...
Saki: No, wait! Ichi, you know how to make hamburgers!
Ichika: That just basically involves stacking things together. Anyone can do it as long as you follow the instructions...
Ichika: You're talking about parfaits and stuff, right? I really don't know if I'll be able to decorate them properly. Even just putting on dollops of fresh whipped cream might be...
Saki: Don't worry! I was also really terrible at first! This one time, my dollops of whipped cream all turned into cream-shaped ghosts!
Saki: Please, Ichi...! You're my only hope!
Saki: And you'll get paid! You can buy whatever clothes or delicious food you like!
Ichika: The money does sound nice... But I still feel that I won't be all that helpful.
Saki: No, don't say that! Just waiting tables alone would be huge!
Saki: Please...! I seriously don't have anyone else that I can turn to!
Saki: Think of it as helping me and the cafe...!
Ichika: Okay... I'll help if you can't find anyone else.
Saki: Thank you so much!
Honami: I'm so glad for you, Saki!
Saki: Thanks♪
Ichika: Still, I really don't think I'm cut out for decorating sweets...
Shiho: ...
Shiho: Then, how about I take over the decorating?
Honami: Yes, I have a feeling you'd be very good at that!
Saki: Sh-Shiho...!
Saki: Thank you, Ichi, Shiho! I love you both so much!
Ichika: Don't forget the part about looking for someone else first, okay...?
Saki: I know! Hehe...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Alright, everyone! It's time to start our Late Nite Wednesday Talk Show viewing party♪
Saki: Round of applause!
Honami: Hehe. This is so exciting.
Ichika: I know. Everyone at school was talking about it too.
Shiho: Yeah, most of the girls in my class said they saw it. They were all over Minori after it aired.
Saki: The same thing happened to Haruka. I wish I could've joined in on the fun...!
Shiho: You could have if you didn't suggest that we have a viewing party...
Saki: But it's always better to watch these things together!
Saki: So, get ready! It's gonna be a fun show♪
(Background change)
Airi: <Hey, everyone! Ready to catch another...?!>
Minori: <Big wave?!>
Shizuku & Haruka: <Cowabunga!>
Airi: <Let's see what's hot right now! It's trend surfing time!!!>
(Background change)
Saki: Hehe. I got to see them do this part in person!
Saki: Oh, here! I'm out of frame, but just behind this shelf!
Ichika: Saki, we can't see...
Shiho: Sit here for us.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Airi: <Now then! Today, we're visiting a cafe called “carino/carina” located on Main Street in Shibuya!>
Airi: <Lately, their new Mount Everest strawberry parfait has been going totally viral on social media.>
Saki: There!!!
(Background change)
Saki: Did you see?! The camera caught me for a split second as it panned!
Honami: Really? I didn't see you...
Saki: Let's rewind! Yeah, see...! Right here!
Ichika: Huh...?
Shiho: Oh, yeah... The shelf and partitions are casting a shadow on you, but I guess that's you...
Saki: No, it is me!
Saki: Hehe. I'm so happy! They got me right off the bat!
Ichika: Okay, we get it. Can we keep watching now?
Saki: Yeah, sure♪ Play.
(Black cut)
Honami: That segment was very good.
Ichika: It was. Haruka said that they'd only be given about ten minutes, but it ended up being close to twenty.
Shiho: They probably got a lot of good footage and didn't want any of it to go to waste, right?
Shiho: Especially when Minori and the others started helping the cafe staff after that group of wrestlers came in.
Ichika: Yeah, there was so much excitement going on that time just flew by.
Honami: I'm so happy for you, Saki. I don't think your cafe could've asked for anything better.
Saki: Yeah, right...
Ichika: Oh...
Honami: Also... I'm sorry that you didn't get to appear much...
Shiho: For some reason, Otori ended up getting more airtime, and she didn't show up until much later.
Ichika: Yeah. She appeared for a few seconds here and there after Minori and the others began helping out...
Saki: *Sob* I was so excited about getting a chance to appear on TV...
Ichika: Actually, why do you want to be on TV so badly...?
Saki: Because it's TV, silly!
Saki: I mean, why wouldn't you be happy to be on TV? I'd probably tell everyone I know about it!
Ichika: Yeah, I get how you feel...
Shiho: But I didn't realize you wanted to be on TV that much.
Saki: *Sob* No, it's okay. It's not like anybody would've recognized me...
Honami: Oh, you poor thing. There there...
Honami: As unfortunate as it is that you didn't appear, everybody there must know how hard you were working to keep the cafe running smoothly.
Honami: So, cheer up. I'm sure your boss couldn't be happier with how you handled things.
Saki: H-Hona...!
Saki: Pat me more! And shower me with more praise!
Honami: Hehe. Of course.
Honami: You did a wonderful job. I'm very proud of you.
Saki: Hehehehe...
Shiho: You're so easy...
Ichika: But I think she's right. You did everything you could for that cafe.
Shiho: Yeah.
Honami: You're such an amazing girl, Saki. Nobody works as hard as you do.
Saki: Hehe. Aren't I♪ *Sigh* This is the best...
(Black cut)
