714_Saki Tenma_R4 Embracing Memories (event_106)

Gacha phrase: Mhm... I can't drink any more chocolate...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: Heh heh heh, preparations complete! Now if Tsukasa will just come home...
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): I'm home!
Saki: Oh! Welcome home!
Saki: Hey, Tsukasa, do you remember what you promised to do today?
Tsukasa: Yes, of course! We're working through the list of things you want to do, right?
Tsukasa: So, which will it be today? “Race into the sunset”...? No, perhaps “Put on a show with Tsukasa”?!
Saki: Neither! I mean, that second one isn't even on my list!
Tsukasa: Huh?! I-Is that so...
Saki: Hehe, but let's still do that sometime!
Saki: So... Today, we'll be doing this!
Tsukasa: Hm... Wooden blocks? And books, notebooks, writing utensils, shogi pieces... What on earth are we going to use these for?
Saki: Heh heh heh. Have a guess! We're gonna line these up all in a row, and then knock them down with a clickety clack!
Tsukasa: Aha! So, a domino chain, yes?
Saki: Thaaat's right! I watched a domino chain competition on TV back when I was in the hospital, and it made me want to try!
Tsukasa: Yes, now that you mention it, you did have that on your list. Still, to think you'd use items from around the house in place of dominoes...
Tsukasa: Such creativity and drive! As expected of my sister!
Tsukasa: Alright! We'll set up our dominoes all over the house, and make a successful chain!
Saki: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Saki: Hmmm... This notebook is hard to stand up since it's so thin... Ahh!
Saki: Sorry, Tsukasa! I messed up and started the chain, so stop it over there!
Tsukasa: What?! Leave it to me! Here it shall meet its—
Tsukasa: Gaaah! I stepped on a block! My foot, my fooooot!
Saki: Huh?! Are you okay, Tsukasa?!
(Black cut)
Saki: How can we get it to go down the stairs...?
Tsukasa: Hmm... Shouldn't it work if we use objects that are taller than the steps?
Saki: Taller than the steps... Oh, like these fashion magazines! No, they won't fall right, and they'll end up breaking the chain...
Saki: Oh, what if we used this ball?! We can place some books a little bit apart and make a path for it...
Tsukasa: That's a good idea! Okay, let's put it to the test!
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Saki: It's...
Saki: It's done!
Tsukasa: Phew... Now we just hope that it makes it all the way to the finish line!
Saki: Okay... Here we go, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Yes...!
Saki: Three, two, one... Start!
Tsukasa: Here's the corner we were having trouble with... Yes! It got past!
Saki: And the stairs... Woohoo! It made it!
Tsukasa: Okay, just a little more! If it'll just continue until it rings the bell at the finish line...
Tsukasa: We did it, Saki!!!
Saki: Yeah... Yeah!
Saki: Hehehe... So this is how satisfying it feels to make a successful domino chain...!
Tsukasa: Indeed! I feel like I just finished a show!
Saki: Yeah, I kinda feel like I just finished a set at a live house too! Oh...! I've gotta get a picture to remember this feeling by!
Saki: Use the selfie camera, get the finish line in the shot... Tsukasa, you get in too!
Tsukasa: Hm? Over here?
Saki: Yeah, perfect! Okay, here goes! Ready...?
Saki: Hehehe, thanks Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Oh, if I'm doing it for your sake, I could do this in my sleep!
Tsukasa: By the way, how many things do you have left on your list?
Saki: Just over ten more, thanks to the help I've had from my friends and seniors at school!
Tsukasa: What?! To think you've already accomplished that many of them!
Tsukasa: In that case, the day you complete your list is likely not far away...
Saki: Yeah!
Saki: Thanks, Tsukasa...
Saki: I was able to make so many fun memories because of your suggestion to make this list!
Tsukasa: Saki...
Tsukasa: That's not true, Saki. I may have been the one to suggest making the list, but...
Tsukasa: The reason you've been able to accomplish the things you wanted to do is because you overcame your illness and decided to try all kinds of things, wouldn't you say?
Tsukasa: I couldn't be more proud...that I get to have a strong, determined sister like you.
Saki: Tsukasa...
Saki: (But, the reason I was able to do that was...)
Saki: (Because I always had my cheery, positive-thinking brother around.)
Tsukasa: Ah! I mustn't be standing around! I have to prepare the party we'll have when you complete everything on your list!
Saki: Huh?! Tsukasa, you're totally jumping the gun!
Saki: Hehe... But, I'm looking forward to it!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: ♪————...
Miku (Ln): The girls have improved yet again.
(Black cut)
Ichika: Phew...
Saki: Whoa...
Saki: Hey, didn't we just get through that song with no mistakes?! Even though it was a tough Miku song?!
Luka: Yes. What's more, you've gone from struggling with it the last time to really making it your own today.
KAITO: Right... Each sound was firmly present, even for the fast parts, so it felt good listening to it.
MEIKO: And this song has a complex rhythm, but the drums were steady all the way through.
Honami: ...! Thank you very much!
Shiho: I also think that performance showed the progress we've made in our practices.
Saki: Hehe, we got Shiho's seal of approval♪
Saki: Oh, this means...!
Saki: Didn't we clear this one?! “Learn to play a difficult practice song without making mistakes!”
Rin: Oh... That's the “100 New Things I Want To Do” list you made that time!
MEIKO: You wrote things you want to do with Leo/need as a supplement to your “100 Things I Want To Do” list, right?
Ichika: Yeah. Though, I feel like most of them were closer to goals, like “Headline an event”.
Saki: Right! I also got Rin and the others to write the things they wanna do! Look!
KAITO: Um... “Wear a complete outfit of Leo/need merch☆”...?
Len: Is that what you wrote?
Rin: I was thinking I really wanna wear a T-shirt with the Leo/need logo or drawings of everybody's faces on it☆
Ichika: A T-shirt... Yeah, you often see those for sale as merchandise.
Honami: If it's going to be a complete outfit, we should have other things like hats and tote bags, right?
Saki: Ooh, nice! Alright, let's do it!
Saki: Thanks to you guys, I managed to accomplish everything I had on my list...
Saki: But I wanna accomplish all the stuff on this one too!
Ichika: Yeah... I agree!
Honami: Let's all do our best to accomplish the things we want to do, and everything Rin and the others wrote for us too!
Miku (Ln): We'll be here to help, of course.
Saki: Hehehe... Thanks!
Saki: So, I'll go ahead and give this “no mistakes” one a check mark and a fun little doodle, and—
Shiho: Wait a second.
Shiho: We did manage to make it all the way through just now, but it might've been a fluke... Don't you think it's too soon to check that one off?
Saki: Whaaat?! Shiho, you're so strict...
MEIKO: Hehe. That's Shiho, ever the drill sergeant.
Shiho: Well, given the shape we're in right now, we'll probably be able to check it off right away... I just don't want to settle.
Miku (Ln): Girls. There's one more you should all be accomplishing before long. Just look at the first page...
Shiho: Huh?
Saki: Oh, of course...!
Saki, Shiho, Ichika & Honami: “We're going pro!”
Saki: It's the one we wanted to accomplish the most, so I wrote it suuuper huge across the first two pages♪
Honami: Right. When we made this list, we'd just started performing at live houses and were still only taking our first steps, but...
Ichika: We're going to make our debut.
Shiho: Just a little longer...
Shiho: Once we debut, more people than ever will be listening to us play.
Shiho: And to bring them an even higher level of performance when that happens—
Saki: All we can do is practice! Right?
Saki: Let's do our absolute best to prepare for our debut!
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Yeah!
(Black cut)
