725_Saki Tenma_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-B]

Saki: Then, Tsukasa and my dad began bawling their eyes out as they ate what I made...
Shiho: I guess that's the Tenma household for you...
Emu: Morning, everyone!!! Good wonderhoy☆
Shiho: Someone's full of energy this morning...
Saki: Hearing Emu say “good wonderhoy” gives everyone that boost of energy they need in the morning!
Shiho: A boost of energy? She sounds more like an alarm clock to me...
Emu: Morning, Saki, Shiho! Good wonderhoy☆
Shiho: Morning...
Emu: What were you two talking about just now?
Saki: Oh, I was just telling Shiho about what happened during dinner last night at my house.
Emu: Dinner?
Saki: My mom was gone for the evening and I had a little time on my hands, so I decided to make dinner for everyone.
Saki: And then...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: My little sister...who used to be so small... Now she's making fabulous feasts for us... I-I-I'm overcome with joy...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: He suddenly started crying about that!
Emu: Wow, that's so sweet!
Shiho: And it wasn't just Tsukasa. Your dad also started crying uncontrollably, right?
Saki: Yeah! I dunno what came over them. It's not like it was the first time I made dinner for them...
Emu: It must've been their way of expressing how happy they were!
Emu: I wish I could eat something you made too, Saki! Oh, what did you make for them?!
Saki: Spaghetti with meat sauce! It was super simple, so it was really nothing special...
Saki: While we're on the subject, what did you two have last night?
Shiho: Japanese dishes as always. Braised fish, pickles, miso soup and such.
Saki: Yeah, that totally suits your house too!
Emu: Oh, at my house! We had something that sizzled and popped like crazy! And one spoonful made you want to run in circles!
Shiho: Something that sizzled and popped...?
Saki: Oh, I know! You had curry!
Emu: Ding ding ding♪ You got it, Saki!
Shiho: She was right...?
Emu: Oh, we also had those things! Uhh...
Emu: Uh oh... I can't remember what they're called!
Emu: No, what were they called?! They're fluffy and gooey and stretch like crazy!
Saki: Fluffy, gooey and stretchy...?
Shiho: What about mochi? They're gooey... But I guess they don't really go with curry...
Saki: Hmm... I still don't know... Can you give us more hints, Emu?!
Shiho: More hints...? When did this turn into a quiz?
Emu: So, umm... You eat it by tearing it and dipping it in the curry!
Saki: You tear it and dip it...?
Saki: I know! Naan! And I bet it had cheese inside!
Emu: Yeah, that's it! How did you know, Saki?!
Shiho: I'll give it to you that your last hint was pretty good...
Shiho: Still, Saki, how did you know it had cheese inside?
Saki: Because she said it was gooey and stretchy! That screamed cheese to me♪
Shiho: I see... I never would've thought of that.
Saki: But not many people make naan at home! I really wanna try what you had now!
Emu: Then, you guys should come over to my house sometime for a naan party! We can have lots and lots of it together♪
Saki: What?! Really?!
Emu: Yes, really! We can eat while chatting about stuff! It's gonna be so much fun!
Saki: Woohoo! Then, we should call it the great “We're In The Same Class! Let's Celebrate!” naan bake off!
Shiho: Wait, does that include me as well...?
Saki: Of course it does! We're in the same class, aren't we?!
Emu: I'll make lots and lots of naan for you, Shiho☆ We're gonna have cheese naan, chocolate naan, naan with whipped cream and...
Shiho: I'm good with just regular naan.
Saki: Hehe. A dinner party for just us three. I can't wait!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: Humhumhuum♪ I'm gonna do my best again during practice today!
Len (Ln): You seem to be in a good mood, Saki.
Saki: Hehe. That's because I am! I am in a positively good mood today!
MEIKO (Ln): She isn't just in a good mood...
Luka (Ln): She's on cloud nine.
Rin (Ln): Hey, Ichi, did something happen?
Ichika: We got our measurements back today and...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: You guys gotta see this! Check it out!
Saki: Y-You're not gonna believe this! I grew a whole centimeter over this past year!
Honami: Wow...! Congratulations, Saki. I'm so happy for you.
Saki: Thanks! I've finally reached my goal of becoming 160 cm tall!
Saki: And that's not the only thing.
Saki: Shiiiho. How tall are you again?
Shiho: How many times are you gonna make me do this? The same height as before. 159.
Saki: Which means!
Saki: Heehee! This means I'm officially more of a lady than you, Shiho!
Ichika: Wait, what...?
Honami: I'm not so sure about that...
Saki: Heh heh heh. I'm gonna keep getting taller and taller...
Saki: And I'm gonna become the most mature out of all of us!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): I see... That explains why she's acting the way she is.
KAITO (Ln): I'm not sure growing in height has much to do with becoming more ladylike...
Len (Ln): I don't think Saki's listening right now...
Saki: Heh heh heh. And if I keep growing at this rate...
Saki: Ichi, you're next! Get ready to go down!
Miku (Ln): Yes, Ichika is technically next in terms of height...
Rin (Ln): But shouldn't you be striving to surpass Honami instead?
Saki: B-But... Hona's way taller and way more ladylike than me... I don't think I'm ready to take on that sort of challenge yet...
Saki: So, my next target is Ichi! You're 161 cm tall, right?!
Ichika: *Nod* Oh, but...
Ichika: I also grew a little, so I'm 162 cm now.
Saki: W-Wait, what...?
Shiho: Looks like you couldn't close that gap.
Saki: *Sob* B-B-B-B-B-B-But... I was so close to becoming more ladylike than her!
Luka (Ln): Chin up, Saki. Don't worry...
Saki: Huh...?
Luka (Ln): I know you're sad about not outpacing her, but don't forget that you grew a whole centimeter this past year.
Luka (Ln): So, I think you should be focusing more on celebrating your growth.
Saki: L-Luka...!
MEIKO (Ln): I agree. Also, not everyone grows at the same rate.
MEIKO (Ln): Yes, it's good to set goals for yourself like the one you just mentioned. However, if you're happy with your current results, I also think you should celebrate.
Honami: But if you wish to become even taller than you are now, Saki...
Honami: I'll help you. I can try looking for ways to make that happen.
Saki: S-So bright...! I'm gonna go blind...!
Rin (Ln): I can see their auras! They're so ladylike that they're wrapping us in love and warmth!
Miku (Ln): Doesn't this mean being “ladylike” isn't just about how tall you are...?
Miku (Ln): Based on what I'm seeing, it's more important to be a source of comfort and support.
Saki: ...! Right...!
Saki: Then, I'm gonna try to become a tall lady with a heart of gold!
Saki: And I'm gonna surpass you three someday!
Luka (Ln): Hehe. And we'll give you all the support we can.
(Black cut)
