777_Saki Tenma_R2 Excitement Explosion (event_110)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Saki: Oh, there they are! Hey, you guys!
Saki: Phew. Thanks for waiting! I thought I left pretty early, but I somehow ended up the last one here...!
Honami: It wasn't by much, though. We also just got here a second ago.
Shiho: I mean, you're still pretty early. I guess we all are, now that I think about it.
Saki: I have to think we've all been wondering what we're gonna talk about today! I couldn't sit still because I'm so excited!
Ichika: I've been like that all morning as well.
Ichika: We're not supposed to meet with Mr. Shindo for a little while, but... I guess we should start making our way over so we don't end up running late.
Shiho: Yeah, sounds good. Let's go.
Honami: We're supposed to talk about what we need to do before we can make our debut today, right...?
Saki: Our debut...
Saki: I hope we get to talk about our new song soon. I want us to hit the scene by making a huge splash! How awesome would that be?!
Shiho: A huge splash? We're not really that kind of band.
Saki: No, I'm saying that we should strive to become the talk of the town!!!
Ichika: In any case, I'm really excited.
Saki: Oh, you guys also need to come up with autographs for yourselves!
Saki: I've got a super cute design for mine♪ I think it's my best work yet!
Shiho: Uh, I think you're getting ahead of yourself. We sorta have more important things to figure out first...
Saki: No, this is important! Who knows when we might end up needing them?!
Shiho: If you have time to think about that kind of stuff, then you should be practicing instead.
Saki: Urgh... Y-Yeah, but...
Honami: Shiho, you used to take calligraphy lessons. I have a feeling your autograph is going to look really cool...
Ichika: Yeah. If anything, Honami and I might be the only ones having trouble.
Saki: Then, I can show you some tricks to make your autographs look super cool! I've already done a ton of research♪
Shiho: Again, practice takes priority.
Saki: Wait, just gimme a second to explain!
Saki: All you have to do is make some sort of reference to your names. For example, Ichi, yours could include some stars, and yours could include a moon, Hona.
Saki: If you make them really small and add them as an accent, then they'll look really cute!
Ichika: Wow, your advice is more specific than I was expecting...
Honami: Saki, does this mean you'd already come up with autographs for us...?
Saki: Hehe. Yeah, they came to me while I was thinking up my own.
Honami: Hehe. Then, we can refer to those when that time comes.
Ichika: Yeah. But to be fair, that's probably not going to be for a while.
Saki: I can't wait until then.
Saki: Oh, we need to start heading over to the office.
Ichika: Oh, you're right. Time really does fly when you're having a fun conversation.
Honami: Yes... But I'm starting to feel nervous all of a sudden...
Saki: Whoa, yeah, me too...
Saki: But the discussion we're about to have is about our future as a band! We need to make it a good one...!
Saki: So, everyone, let's go...! Off to Solis Records!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Phew... That's it for my post-bath solo practice session!
Saki: My head felt refreshed after a bath, so my fingers really got moving!
Saki: At the same time, I'll get all sweaty again if I start playing with everything I've got...
Saki: Still, what Shiho said today was so cool...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: But what I saw that band do... I thought it was the coolest thing in the world the way they pursued what they really loved.
(White cut)
Shiho: And if somebody going through the same thing I did back then hears me play...
Shiho: Maybe they'll realize that it's okay to be yourself and do what your heart says. I wanna put on those kinds of performances for them...
Shiho: That's what I want my music to be about.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: I'm so glad she found an answer to that question she's happy with.
Saki: I mean, that story! I had no idea about any of that...
Saki: I knew she loved that band since she's recommended their stuff in the past... But she could've told us this story sooner!
Saki: (Still, what she said today. It all made so much sense.)
Saki: (Pursuing what you really love. Yeah, that is pretty cool... And Shiho is clearly doing that.)
Saki: (And Ichi also got to say what she wants to accomplish with our music...)
Saki: (She wants to bring people together through music the way Miku does...)
Saki: (I really like that. It's so Ichi.)
Saki: (Hona still seemed unsure, but I know she'll find the answer she's looking for...!)
Saki: (I mean, she's the toughest one out of all of us! And we'll be there to help her if she thinks she needs it!)
Saki: As for me...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: I tried writing a song that showed real empathy for someone who needed it. I wanted the listener to feel better after hearing it...
Saki: I want to create more music like that.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: ...
Saki: This is so strange... I remember being in so much pain back then.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: (I was all alone for so long. I spent every day wishing that I'd get better and be back with the others as soon as humanly possible.)
Saki: And yet...
Saki: (I was able to write a great song because of what I experienced. It's why I was able to get through to everyone else who was feeling lonely.)
Saki: (Because of the pain and loneliness I felt back then. I was able to turn that into music...)
Saki: I never thought what I experienced all those years ago would come back around to help me someday...
Saki: Wait, that means... What I'm thinking and feeling now might help me in the future!
Saki: (All the stuff I've been thinking about and worrying over... I might be able to turn that into music for people to listen to someday...)
Saki: Alright...! That means I need to make the absolute most of each day moving forward!
Saki: I'm gonna do my best with both our band and school! So that I can keep making amazing music!
(Black cut)
