802_Saki Tenma_R4 Featuring Pompompurin

Gacha phrase: Let's take a pic together, Purin!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Satellite Puroland]

Saki: Wow! So this is Puroland...!
Ichika: It looks so cute with all the ribbons and flowers everywhere.
Saki: Yeah! Hehe, I'm so glad I finally got to come here!
Shiho: Well, technically this is just a satellite location of the real Sanrio Puroland.
Honami: We should make sure to thank Tsukasa again for the tickets.
Ichika: It's really amazing he and the others get to put on a show here. They're performing at the Wisdom Tree Stage, right?
Saki: Yup! And after the show, MORE MORE JUMP! is doing an event with My Mel!
Shiho: Oh right... My sister said something about them standing in for a famous streamer who couldn't make it.
Honami: Wow. I hope we get to see that too.
Saki: Yeah, totally! But we've still got time before curtain, so let's explore!
Saki: I want us to ring Hello Kitty's Bell of Happiness together!
Shiho: Bell of Happiness?
Saki: Yeah! They say when people ring the bell together, their bond becomes everlasting!
Honami: I didn't know they had something like that. That's kind of romantic.
Saki: Hehe, isn't it?!
Ichika: Okay, then let's ring it. Which way do we go?
Saki: It's right above the Wisdom Tree where my brother's doing his show! C'mon, let's go!
(Black cut)
Saki: No way... The line for the bell is crazy long!
Saki: With this many people ahead of us, we'll be waiting forever...
Ichika: Come on, Saki, let's line up too.
Saki: Huh?
Honami: Yeah. If we line up now, we can probably still make it back for Tsukasa and the others' show.
Saki: But...
Saki: No, it's okay. We should walk around and check out all the different spots while we're here!
Shiho: ... Are you sure you don't mind?
Saki: Yeah. But once Tsukasa and his troupe's show and MORE MORE JUMP!'s event are over, let's come back and give it another go♪
Ichika: Sounds good. So, how about we go ride one of the attractions?
Saki: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Honami: *Sigh* The Sanrio Character Boat Ride was so fun!
Ichika: Yeah. Kitty and her friends baking sweets and partying together was adorable.
Saki: When the white and brown bunnies came out, Shiho's eyes lit right up!
Shiho: You're imagining things... And they're called SUGARBUNNIES.
Saki: Oh, really? You seem to know an awful lot about Sanrio characters, don't you, Shiho?
Honami: Hehe, I'm so happy I got to meet Marroncream. When I was little, I had a Marroncream bag and I used to take it everywhere with me.
Ichika: I can see that. You both have a certain warm, tender vibe.
Shiho: Now that you mention it, Marroncream bakes sweets like Honami too.
Ichika: Hehe, you really are a fan, aren't you, Shiho?
Saki: Ichi, I saw you took lots of pics of Kitty and Daniel.
Ichika: Yeah. They looked so cute in their party outfits.
Ichika: Kitty and Daniel are childhood friends, but got separated for a while when his family moved for his dad's job.
Ichika: So I thought it was really nice to see them together.
Honami: I see... I hope from now on they can be together forever.
Saki: Ooh ooh! Can we go to the Character Greeting Residence next?
Saki: It's where you meet and take photos with Hello Kitty and friends. I gotta meet Purin!
Ichika: “Purin”... Oh, you mean Pompompurin?
Saki: Yeah! I used to have a Pompompurin scented eraser back in elementary school. Ah, it takes me back!
Shiho: Oh yeah, that's right...
Honami: You were always sniffing it.
Saki: Hehe, of course I was! It made me feel like I was having pudding.
Saki: Alright, let's go meet Purin♪
(Black cut)
Saki: Whoa... Waaah! Purin's so cuuute!
Saki: Look how his belly goes pom pom! Hehehe, lemme go pom pom too♪
Honami: Hehe. I think he likes her imitation.
Ichika: So cute.
Shiho: ...
Ichika: Ah, now he's shaking his tail feather.
Saki: Oh! Like this? Shake-a-shake-a-shake-a♪
Honami: Looks like you two are already great friends.
Saki: Hehehe♪
Puroland Staff Member: Okay, now smile for a picture!
Saki: Okay! Thank you!
Saki: Hehehe... Thanks for the picture, Purin! Let's meet again sometime!
Ichika: Whoa, the time really flew by. We should head over to the stage for Tsukasa and his troupe's show soon.
Saki: Okay! Can't wait to see them perform♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Humhumhuuum♪ Puroland was so fun!
Saki: We didn't get to ring Hello Kitty's Bell of Happiness... But next time, we're gonna ring that bell for sure! And not at a satellite park, but the actual Sanrio Puroland.
Saki: I wanna see Purin again after all!
Saki: Oh... That's right! Rin wanted to see Puroland too.
Saki: I should go show her the pictures from today!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: Hey! Rin!
Saki: Maybe she went to bed already? Okay, I'll try again tomor—
Saki: Hm? What was that bright light just now?
Saki: Wha—?!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Saki: Ah! What's going on?!
Ichika: Oh! Saki!
Saki: Whaaat?! What are you all doing here?
Honami: We're not quite sure either. Our phones lit up and somehow we ended up here.
???: Hm? Is someone there?
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Huh?!
Saki: P-Purin?!
Pompompurin: Whaaat? You know me? Yaaay, that makes me so happy!
Pompompurin: But, hmmm... Somehow I feel like I know all of you too... I wonder why?
Saki: That's cause we met today at Puroland! We took a photo together and everything! Check it out!
Pompompurin: Wow, you're right! Teehee, you're pinching your cheeks just like me!
Ichika: We visited the Happy Pompompurin Room too.
Honami: Yeah. Lots of your friends were there, and the room was very cute.
Pompompurin: Teehee, isn't it? I really like that room too♪
Pompompurin: Um, you probably told me when we took the photo together, but could you tell me all of your names again?
Saki: Course! My name's Saki. Great to meet you, Purin!
Pompompurin: Nice to meet you too, Saki!
Ichika: My name is Ichika. It's nice to meet you.
Honami: I'm Honami. I hope we can be great friends.
Shiho: Um...
Pompompurin: *Stare*
Shiho: ... I'm Shiho. Nice to meet you.
Pompompurin: Ichika, Honami and Shiho! Nice to meet you!
Ichika: Oh, by the way, do you know what this place is? The four of us just got here.
Pompompurin: Hmmm, I made a new friend here and she told me it was, um, what was it called again? Um... Uhhhh...
Pompompurin: Oh! I remember! She said this is a SEKAI formed from a fragment of a feeling.
Shiho: So then, this place is a SEKAI too?
Pompompurin: Probably! She said it came about because of all the people who thought things like “Puroland was so fun!” and “I wanna go back again!”
Saki: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: We didn't get to ring Hello Kitty's Bell of Happiness... But next time, we're gonna ring that bell for sure! And not at a satellite park, but the actual Sanrio Puroland.
Saki: I wanna see Purin again after all!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: Maybe... We were brought here because I thought about wanting to see Purin again?
Pompompurin: Huh? You wanted to see me again, Saki?
Saki: Yeah♪ And now that my wish came true, let's make some memories together!
Pompompurin: Yaaay! Okay okay, wanna go on an adventure?
Saki: An adventure?
Pompompurin: Uh-huh! I was exploring this SEKAI by myself before...
Pompompurin: But it'd be much more fun together, and we could make lots of memories that way!
Saki: Wow, I'd love to! Let's have an adventure, Purin!
Shiho: But, what exactly does an adventure entail?
Pompompurin: Well, I didn't have anything that made me go, “I wanna do this!”
Pompompurin: I just sorta look around for a comfy patch of grass to roll around in, or follow the trail of a sweet-smelling snack!
Ichika: Oh. In that case, if it's all right with everyone, how about we go find the Bell of Happiness?
Saki: Huh?
Shiho: This place does look a lot like Puroland, so there's probably a bell here too.
Honami: And that tree over there looks exactly like the Wisdom Tree.
Saki: You guys...!
Saki: Oh but, are you sure you don't mind missing out on the other areas? In such an adorable SEKAI like this?
Ichika: Don't worry about it. We were all sad we didn't get to ring the bell before too.
Pompompurin: When you ring the Bell of Happiness, you become best buds for life! I wanna ring it with you guys too!
Saki: Hehehe, thanks everyone!
Saki: Then it's off to find the bell we go!
(Black cut)
Pompompurin: *Gasp*
Pompompurin: Look! Look! The flowers growing here are sooo pretty!
Ichika: Oh, wow. I've never seen this kind before. Maybe they only grow around here.
Saki: If it's a flower Ichi's never heard of, then that must be why! Ooh ooh! Let's come up with a name for it!
Pompompurin: Wow, that sounds fun! We should name it something yummy!
(Black cut)
Pompompurin: Teehee... We've been walking for a while, so my tummy's getting rumbly!
Saki: Mine too! Oh! Over there. The fruits on that tree look like apples, don't they?
Pompompurin: They do! *Sniff* They're so sweet smelling. Maybe I'll have a little taste.
Shiho: ... You sure that's a good idea?
Pompompurin: *Munch* Nom nom nom! So tasty!
(Black cut)
Pompompurin: *Yawn* Now that my tummy's full, I'm feeling sleepy.
Ichika: How about we take a break for a bit?
Pompompurin: Yaaay♪ But there're no good napping spots here by the Wisdom Tree.
Honami: Oh, well you could rest on my lap if you'd like.
Pompompurin: Really? Thank yooou!
Saki: Whaaat? That looks so comfy! Hona, lemme in on that!
(Black cut)
Saki: We've climbed pretty far up the Wisdom Tree, but still no sight of the bell, huh?
Pompompurin: Hmmm. In Puroland the bell would be right around here, but...
Honami: Oh! Look everyone!
Shiho: *Gasp* There's a bell hanging from the branches!
Ichika: Does that mean, this is...
Pompompurin: This is it! It's a little different from the one in Puroland, but this shape... It's definitely the Bell of Happiness!
Honami: So if we ring this bell...
Pompompurin: Teehee, we'll all be best friends forever♪
Saki: Yaaay! Let's ring it! All of us!
Pompompurin: Yeah!
Saki: Everyone got a grip? Here we go! One, two...
Pompompurin: We did it, Saki!
Saki: Yeah, we did!
Saki: Purin, everybody, thanks so much for ringing the bell with me!
Saki: I'll treasure the memories we made today forever!
Pompompurin: Me too, me too!
Pompompurin: Let's be friends forever and ever!
Saki: Yeah!
(Black cut)
