846_Saki Tenma_R2 A Year's Worth Of Thanks (event_117)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Alright, everyone, again. Try to keep in mind what I just said.
Honami & Ichika: Okay!
Saki: Oh, wait...!
Shiho: What's up?
Saki: Based on how much time we have left, this is gonna be our final playthrough, right? So, we should have Miku and the others come listen!
Ichika: Miku and the others?
Saki: Yeah! This is our last practice for the year, y'know? That means it's gonna be the year's final song!
Saki: In other words, it's our chance to thank them for everything they did for us this past year!
Ichika: Right... They have done a lot for us...
Ichika: It would be nice to cap off the year by showing just how much we appreciate them.
Honami: Then, let's go get them.
Saki: Okay!
(Black cut)
Saki: (They all sound really excited now...!)
Saki: (I mean, we should be. We're playing together for the last time this year.)
Saki: (On top of that, Miku and the others are watching.)
Saki: (We get to show them just how much we've improved and how much we appreciate what they did for us this past year.)
Saki: (That means I need to put on the best performance I can too...!)
(Black cut)
Ichika: Phew...
Rin (Ln): Wow! That was super duper cool! How do I put it...? That totally rocked my heart!
Len (Ln): Yeah, it was the perfect way to cap off the year!
Miku (Ln): I agree. You weaved your individual sounds together so beautifully... It was a wonderful expression of your feelings.
Ichika: Really? Thank goodness...
Honami: Through this performance, we wanted to show our appreciation for all of you.
Luka (Ln): For us?
Shiho: We're standing here today because of everything that you've all done for us.
Saki: A lot happened this past year... But you've always been there to watch over us and cheer us on. So, thank you all very much!
MEIKO (Ln): Girls...
Luka (Ln): Hehe. When you all put it that way, I can't help but feel moved...
KAITO (Ln): I'm just glad that I was able to help a little...
Miku (Ln): Me too.
Saki: Hehe. We're looking forward to having another great year with all of you...!
Miku (Ln): Likewise.
Miku (Ln): And we're looking forward to seeing how you girls grow moving forward too.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Saki: *Sigh* That's it. Our final practice... I'm kinda sad that we don't have another one until the fourth.
Shiho: You're sad...? We're only gonna be apart for a few days.
Ichika: We won't be able to practice together for various reasons, but at least we'll be able to visit the shrine together.
Saki: Oh, right! Our shrine visit!
Saki: None of you are allowed to be late! You have no idea how super duper excited I am about it!
Shiho: Honestly, Saki, I'm more worried about you being late...
Saki: I won't be! I do have a tendency to stay up late during New Year's, which puts me at risk for oversleeping...
Saki: But Tsukasa promised to wake me up no matter what!
Honami: Hehe. In that case, you should be fine.
Saki: Yup! Oh, can't it just be the new year already...? They're gonna have so many fun stalls and stuff!
Shiho: Yeah, they did have a bunch of different stalls set up last time.
Ichika: Including ones that served ice cream. Saki was like a kid in a candy store.
Honami: Hehe. And she got the biggest one she could find.
Saki: B-Because it looked so colorful and yummy...!
Shiho: But it was so big that we had to help you finish it.
Ichika: Yeah. It was so cold...
Saki: *Sob* I-I'm sorry, okay?!
Honami: Hehe. Why don't we stick to warm things this year?
Saki: (I'm so glad that I got to spend time with the others like this again this year...)
Saki: (We had a lot of fun, but also had to deal with some tough stuff...)
Saki: (But we made it through by sticking together... Plus, we had Miku and the others watching over us the entire time.)
Saki: (So, I wanna keep doing my best next year... Together!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: Humhumhuum♪ This looks just about done!
Saki: Mom, the mochi for the soup's baked and ready! I'll start by giving Dad... Three!
Mother: Oh, you did a wonderful job with the baking. Mind getting Tsukasa's bowl ready next?
Saki: Okay! Tsukasa's gonna want... Five?
Mother: Hehe. Correct. I just received word from him, and he said he'll be home soon.
Saki: He went to see that show with Emu and the others today, right?
Mother: Yes, that's right. He was very excited about it because the show's received praise for how it involves the audience.
Saki: What do you think it was about? I'm gonna ask him all about it when he gets back♪
Saki: (I also wanna give him what I got at the New Year's sales... I hope he gets home soon.)
???: I'm back!!!!!
Saki: Oh! Welcome back...!
Mother: Hehe. Right on cue.
Tsukasa: The man with super duper luck has returned!!!
Saki: Super duper luck...?
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! Would you like to know what I'm talking about, Saki?
Tsukasa: The thing is, after the show ended, we visited a shrine by the theatre and drew fortunes together...
Tsukasa: I'm calling myself super duper lucky because my fortune wasn't just a “great blessing”. I drew a “super great blessing”! I couldn't ask for a better way to start off the new year!
Saki: What...? That's amazing! I didn't know any shrines had those!
Tsukasa: Yes, I felt sublime in that moment... I mean, it was clearly no ordinary fortune since it had a golden glow to it.
Tsukasa: I'm not sure if that's the reason, but I can feel myself overflowing with power!
Saki: Hehe. Then, you're gonna have to share some of that super duper luck with me this year♪
Tsukasa: Yes, of course! This blessing is proof that the Tenmas have another happy and prosperous year to look forward to!
Tsukasa: Speaking of which, Saki, were you able to buy those things you wanted? You went to the New Year's sales with Shiho, yes?
Saki: Yeah! We got to check out a bunch of shops, and I got everything I wanted!
Saki: Oh, also. There's something I wanna give you, Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: Give me?
Saki: Ta-daa! Here, I got you a present!
Tsukasa: Wh-What?! You got me a present?! Can I open it?
Saki: Of course!
Tsukasa: It's... A water bottle! Yes, not only is it lightweight, it looks like it can hold quite a lot... It's just what I need for when I practice!
Tsukasa: And its blue body is studded in stars. Almost like the night sky.
Tsukasa: Its design is fit for a future star such as myself!
Saki: Hehe♪ Guess what? Those stars...
Saki: I put them on your bottle!
Tsukasa: Wh-Whaaaaaaat?!
Tsukasa: You made this stellar night sky, Saki...?!
Saki: Yup! Oh, they're even waterproof, so don't worry about them coming off!
Tsukasa: They are?! You went through all this trouble just for me...?
Tsukasa: Thank you, Saki...! I shall cherish this forever!
Saki: Hehe. I'm glad you like it so much...!
Saki: Shiho actually helped me pick it out!
Tsukasa: She did?
Saki: Yup! I know that you've been practicing super duper hard, so I wanted to get you something that shows my support for you...
Saki: Which is when she suggested that I get you something you can use when you practice!
Tsukasa: So that's how it went...
Tsukasa: You put that much thought into this water bottle, Saki?
Tsukasa: That means I'll be reminded of your support for me every time I use it! In other words, you'll be cheering me on...!
Tsukasa: Thank you, Saki!
Saki: Hehe... You've been doing that for me, Tsukasa!
Saki: For as long as I can remember!
Tsukasa: Saki...
Tsukasa: Wait a second! If you're constantly giving me energy and I'm constantly giving you energy, then that means we can keep looping around to give each other an infinite amount of energy for as long as we live!
Saki: Whoa! That makes us like the most powerful siblings ever!
Mother's Voice: Saki! The mochi's getting huge!
Saki: Huh? Oh no...! I forgot that I was making mochi for you, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: What?! You were making mochi for me, Saki?! In that case, I'll make some for you as well!
Saki: You will? You're great at it, so I can't wait to have some!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! Just leave it to me! The mochi I make for you is guaranteed to be delicious!
(Black cut)
