871_Saki Tenma_R2 What I Want From A Leader? (event_121)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Saki: *Sigh* All we did was have a talk at the office, but I feel really tired for some reason.
Ichika: A lot just happened, so I don't blame you.
Shiho: Yeah, a lot...
Honami: *Nod* It all began with our aspirations...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shindo: You wish to move people's hearts, cheer them up, bring them together... And do everything you can to make the above come true.
Shindo: While they all have their minor differences, your collective desire to move people's hearts remains unchanged, yes...?
(White cut)
Shindo: Understood. It suits you all very well.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: Then, we were asked to pick a leader.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shindo: As pros, you'll surely be faced with a myriad of challenges and obstacles.
(White cut)
Shindo: Of course, if anything happens, I'll be there to help. I plan on doing what I can to keep you moving in the right direction.
Shindo: However, I'm also an employee of this record company. My job is to make your band and music as marketable as possible.
Shindo: In other words, the onus is on you to keep your band together...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: Not only that, we got to meet the president of Solis Records, and he's going to hear us play!
Ichika: When we put it all together like this, so much happened so fast...
Shiho: Still, I'm really glad Honami volunteered to be our leader right then and there.
Shiho: You had a good look on your face then.
Honami: O-Oh, really...? I'm starting to feel a little embarrassed.
Honami: Also, I was only able to raise my hand because all of you, including Mr. Shindo, encouraged me by saying that I'd do a good job.
Honami: Which is why I plan on doing everything I can for this band.
Ichika: Honami...
Saki: But that doesn't make you any less amazing! I mean, you've already done something really cool for us!
Ichika: Oh, are you talking about when she decided to have Mr. Ota hear us play?
Saki: Yeah!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: We decided to go pro because we want as many people as possible to hear our music...
Honami: And if this is our chance to do that...then we accept.
Honami: That's okay with all of you, right...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: You didn't just ask if it was okay with us. You asserted yourself like a real leader!
Shiho: Yeah, you sounded pretty confident about your decision as our leader that time.
Ichika: I agree. It was a good reminder of how amazing a person you really are, Honami.
Honami: N-No, I just...
Saki: What's this? Is our fearless leader blushing?
Ichika: You're in for a scolding if you keep teasing our leader like that, Saki.
Shiho: Hear that? These two are apparently asking for it. What are you gonna do, leader?
Honami: Please, everyone...
Honami: If you don't stop, I'll have no choice but to make you all write letters of apology!
Saki: Letters of apology? Aren't you supposed to be scolding us?
Honami: Okay, Saki, you'll be writing two for me.
Saki: Wait! This is really happening?!
Saki: No, Hona, I'm sorry! Please just scold me like you would normally!
Shiho: Normally...?
Ichika & Honami: Haha. Hehe.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Nice work today, everyone.
Ichika: Yeah, nice work!
Saki: Nice work!
Honami: Thank you all as well, Luka. Our practice went as well as it did because of you.
Luka (Ln): Hehe. You're welcome.
Miku (Ln): You seem to be getting the hang of leading the band, Honami.
Honami: Oh, you think so?
Rin (Ln): She's right♪ You seem a lot more confident.
MEIKO (Ln): Yes, something's different... Maybe you have a different look on your face compared to before.
Honami: Really? If that's true, I'm very glad.
Len (Ln): Still, it is kinda weird to think that your band was leaderless this entire time.
Rin (Ln): You think so? It didn't seem necessary to me since they all work so hard together.
Luka (Ln): Fair point. Having a leader stand above everyone else may've had some negative side effects because you're all so close.
Saki: Wait, even if that person was doing what they could for the band?
MEIKO (Ln): I suppose you girls might see it that way.
Luka (Ln): But there is the possibility that one of you suddenly being placed in a position of power could cause problems since you've all been equals until now.
Luka (Ln): Being asked to do something by the leader may cause you to become irritated with them and result in you refusing to listen to their commands...
Shiho: To be fair, the more you care about the quality of your music and performances, the more likely it is for a band to argue and fight.
Saki: Really...?
Miku (Ln): In that sense, this was probably the most opportune time for you to choose your leader.
Miku (Ln): Because you'd just figured out what your aspirations are as members of Leo/need, and what you want to accomplish as a band.
MEIKO (Ln): And your manager saw that as the best moment for you to pick a leader. I have to say, that was very clever of him.
Saki: Hmm... So, does that mean...
Saki: If we tried to do this sooner, then we might've ended up with someone else leading us?
Ichika: Oh, right...
Ichika: That might've been you when we all decided to go pro together, Shiho.
Shiho: Huh? Me?
Honami: I agree. You were the one who taught us everything we needed to know about how to actually go pro as musicians.
Saki: That reminds me of how you picked a fight with Saku to protect us♪
Shiho: I did that purely out of anger...
Shiho: The leader should be the one stopping anything like that from happening.
Len (Ln): Haha. Good point.
Shiho: Actually, wouldn't that make Ichika a solid possibility?
Ichika: What?! Wh-Why me?
Shiho: Because you've been willing to be the first to dive in during some crucial moments.
Saki: Oh, she's right! You were the one who said we should form a band and play Miku songs together!
Saki: Plus, you restarted the band with me when I started coming to school again!
Ichika: But you suggested it first...
Honami: Still, Ichika, we wouldn't be standing here right now if you hadn't taken action.
Ichika: Hearing that makes me really happy...
Saki: Oh, what about me? In a different universe, I might've been leading us♪
Shiho: Pretty sure wishing for it disqualifies you.
Saki: What?! You don't think that, right, Hona?!
Honami: No, since you've been a powerful source of encouragement. Your cheerful optimism has helped us get through more than a few tough situations.
Luka (Ln): Not only that, you and Ichika are both doing a wonderful job of telling everyone what Leo/need is all about.
Saki: That's it...!
Saki: Alright, Ichi, you next! What do you think?
Ichika: Uhh... Basically the same things Honami and Luka just said...
Miku (Ln): Hehe. As the leader, Saki, you shouldn't needlessly put pressure on your fellow bandmates.
Saki: No, this is a way of practicing how to see the best in others!
Honami: Hehe.
Honami: That's good and all, but has everyone been making sure to get hydrated?
Saki: Huh...?
Honami: Also, we should wipe off all this sweat before we begin to cool down too much.
Ichika: In the end, the person that's meant to lead us is...
Saki: Hona♪
(Black cut)
