909_Saki Tenma_R4 In My Empty Room (event_128)

Gacha phrase: Why is nothing going right...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Alright, time to clean my room!
Saki: (Hehe. I bet Ichi's gonna really like it if she comes in and sees that it's spotless.)
Saki: Umm... Everything on and around my desk looks okay! Next, the bookshelves.
Saki: Hmm... I'll start by taking down all the big books!
Saki: Oh... I haven't seen this album in forever. This one's from back when we were in elementary school, right?
Saki: This is the missing second volume of that manga series. I didn't realize it was hidden away back here!
Saki: Wow, thank goodness I found it.
Saki: What was it about? Let's see...
Saki: No, stop! I've gotta get my room clean before Ichi gets here!
Saki: Things that are bound to tempt me, like this manga, belong in the “I'll put you away later” pile.
Saki: I do want to read it... And I will. After I've finished cleaning up here.
Saki: Let's see... These are those really old children's books. And these look like songwriting references...
Saki: Hm...? Something just fell out...
Saki: Wait, huh...? My songwriting notes...?
Saki: When did I write these...?
Saki: Oh, this melody's kinda nice...
Saki: It's up-tempo and has a cute sound to it!
Saki: And I like how things progress through the pre-chorus... It's a little weird, but also kinda fun.
Saki: This chord progression might help me with the song I've been working on!
Saki: Alright, where's my music notebook?
Saki: Here we are!
Saki: If I throw some of these chords into the part I was working on yesterday...
(Black cut)

[One hour later]

Tsukasa: Saki, how's your room coming along?
Tsukasa: Mom was just wondering what we wanted for dinner. Anything you'd like to...?
Saki: ...
Tsukasa: Hm? Did she not hear me just now?
Tsukasa: Oh, she's writing a song.
Tsukasa: I see... She's hard at work.
Tsukasa: But her room's still a mess... Actually, I think it's messier than before.
Tsukasa: My word...
Tsukasa: Saki!
Saki: Huh?! Oh, Tsukasa, it's you... How long have you been there?!
Tsukasa: Only a moment. Sorry for interrupting you. I know you were focusing on your work.
Tsukasa: Still, what happened to cleaning your room...?
Saki: Huh? No, my room...!
Saki: I totally forgot! I was so set on cleaning it too!
Tsukasa: Alright, I'll just have to help you...
Saki: Wait, you will?!
Tsukasa: Of course. Things will go much faster if we're both here to clean it, no? Just give me the word!
Saki: Thanks, Tsukasa! You're a lifesaver.
Tsukasa: Always!
Saki: Then, let's get started...! We're gonna make my room spotless...
Saki: And Ichi and I are gonna write the best song ever!!!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A]

Saki: Ichi!
Ichika: Hi, Saki. What brings you here?
Saki: Hehe. Today, I'm here to repay you for what you did!
Ichika: Repay me?
Saki: Yup! Remember how you made it possible for us to finish our song?
Saki: I really don't think it would've turned out so well if you hadn't done what you did, Ichi.
Saki: So, I'm going to do everything I can today to return the favor...!
Ichika: Umm... I really appreciate it, but aren't you sort of blowing things out of proportion?
Saki: No, I'm not! Please, Ichi, let me do this!
Ichika: Hehe...
Ichika: Alright, if you're willing to go that far, then please go right on ahead.
Saki: Yay! Thanks, Ichi!
Ichika: So, what do you plan on doing exactly?
Saki: That's a surprise! For now, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Cafe]

Saki: Alright, here we are!
Ichika: Wait, I know this cafe... Everyone in class has been talking about how good their churros are.
Saki: Wait, your class too? Everyone in my class has also been talking about how amazing they are!
Saki: They've been saying how you can top freshly fried churros with chocolate and custard cream and stuff.
Ichika: Oh, you're right. The menu even says, “Enjoy crispy churros with a variety of scrumptious sauces! We recommend our special churros!” These look really good...
Saki: I know, right?! I'm paying today, so get whatever you like.
Ichika: What? No, I can't make you pay. I mean, I've been wanting to come here for a little while.
Saki: No, but...!
Ichika: Alright, how about you just buy me a drink...? This fruit juice looks pretty decadent compared to the others.
Saki: Okay, I'll buy you a drink...!
Ichika: Thank you. Anyway, let's go order.
(Black cut)
Saki: Whoa! I didn't realize how crispy freshly fried churros are!
Ichika: Yeah, and it's so good...!
Ichika: Oh, Saki, be careful not to burn your tongue...
Saki: Hehe. Don't worry. The sauce is doing a good job of cooling it down!
(Black cut)
Saki: This chocolate sauce is amazing♪
Saki: Here, Ichi, try a bite! Open wide!
Ichika: W-Wait, we're in public...
Saki: Hehe. Then, at least try some of this chocolate sauce.
Ichika: Thanks. In that case, you should try some of my caramel sauce...
(Black cut)
Saki: Hmm... I can't decide what to get next. Oh, Ichi, check it out!
Saki: They've got sauces made from apples, blueberries and a mix of fruits. They all sound really good...
Saki: Wanna order a few things off this part of the menu...?
Ichika: Sure, but are you really still that hungry?
(Black cut)
Saki: Whew... I'm getting pretty full...
Saki: Wait a second. I'm having all the fun here. We're here because I'm supposed to be repaying you for what you did...
Saki: I-Ichi, you gotta have some more!
Ichika: Hehe. Okay.
Ichika: But you really don't have to wait on me hand and foot. I'd rather you just enjoyed yourself...
Saki: What?
Ichika: You looked so happy while eating those churros, Saki. That really put a smile on my face.
Ichika: So, I think you've already given me back plenty.
Saki: Ichi...
Saki: Hehe. Thanks.
Saki: Then, to make you smile even more, I'm gonna keep enjoying these churros!
Saki: Oh, Ichi, you gotta try this mixed-fruits sauce! It's really good!
Ichika: Hehe. Thanks for offering. Then, if you don't mind...
(Black cut)
