920_Saki Tenma_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: This ended up being such a happy day!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Saki: *Sigh* What am I doing...?
Saki: (How could I forget to bring my assignment home yesterday? It's due today, but I didn't get to work on it at all...)
Saki: (It's my birthday, so I was hoping to spend it in a good mood... But now things aren't looking so great...)
Saki: But hey, I can't let myself get down like this! I'm gonna get to school early and finish up that assignment!
Rin (Ln): <Morning, Sakki♪>
Saki: Oh, Rin! Wh-What's up? It's pretty early.
Rin (Ln): <Hehehe. Oh, just a thing! Do you have a second to talk?>
Saki: Yeah, that's no problem...
Rin (Ln): <Great! She says she can talk, guys!>
Saki: “Guys”?
Rin (Ln): <One, two, three! Happy birthday!>
Everyone: <Happy birthday!>
Saki: Whoa, thanks guys! What a surprise...!
Miku (Ln): <Hehe. Sorry about that. We just wanted to celebrate your birthday.>
Luka (Ln): <So, we decided to all give our greetings together.>
MEIKO (Ln): <We thought we could surprise you that way, and it's nice to see it come true.>
Saki: Of course it did! How could I not be surprised?!
KAITO (Ln): <Well, we have Rin to thank...>
Rin (Ln): <This was my idea, after all☆>
Len (Ln): <Right. Rin said we should wish you a happy birthday first thing in the morning, and... Huh?>
Saki: What's up?
Len (Ln): <Uh, why are you outside?>
Rin (Ln): <Now that I think about it, it does feel early for you to be heading to school.>
Saki: Ohh, haha... So, I left this assignment there. I got up early today so I could go do it.
Saki: I was just feeling down about doing this on my birthday... But everything's looking up thanks to you guys!
Rin (Ln): <That's great to hear! Birthdays are supposed to be happy!>
Miku (Ln): <I hope you'll get even more out of today since you got up so early.>
Saki: Me too, thanks!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Saki: Whoa, it's so quiet... Makes sense, since not many girls are here this early.
Saki: Looks like some are here for clubs... Huh? Are people talking in the classroom...?
(Background change)

[Class 2-B]

Ichika: Okay, finished. How does this look?
Honami: “Happy Birthday Saki”... I think that's good!
Honami: Saki's sure to see it the moment she walks in since it takes up so much of the blackboard!
Ichika: Great. But the blackboard could still use a little something, I think.
Kohane: In that case... How about drawing some balloons around it, like this?
Ichika: Oh, that could be good. We have a few different colors of chalk, so the board should pop much more if we use all of those.
Kohane: Yeah!
Kohane: Oh, how about this? We could draw all kinds of stuff. Some gift boxes... And party poppers, and candles too!
Ichika: Sounds good. I'm sure Saki will be happier if it really pops, so let's each add some drawings.
Honami: Oh, look, you two. Saki's desk is coming along nicely as well.
Ichika: It really is. It's like you built a little castle...!
Emu: This is our Happy-Happy-Delicious Snack Castle, made entirely out of things Saki will love!
Kohane: Hehe. I'd be shocked if I showed up one morning and saw this on my desk.
Shiho: Well, that's kinda the point of a surprise.
Shiho: It was a whole thing trying to find that flavor of potato chips Saki said she didn't get to try yet.
Classmate A: Hehe. We had to split up and search all the supermarkets and convenience stores around here.
Classmate B: I'm glad we managed to get all the flavors they have out now.
Ichika: But with this many...will Saki be able to carry them all home?
Honami: Don't worry. I brought a large paper bag that she can use.
Shiho: That's Honami for you. We can always...
Shiho: Huh? Did you guys hear something?
Emu: Hwah? Is somebody here?
Kohane: It's still pretty early...
Honami: *Gasp* Saki?!
Shiho: Why's she here already...?
Ichika: Uh-Uhh, Saki? You see, this is um...
Saki: Waaah! Thanks, you guuuys!
Ichika: Huh...?
Saki: I never guessed you'd all surprise me like this!
Saki: The snacks on my desk totally look like a castle! And they're all the kind I love!
Saki: Your message on the blackboard is amazing too! This has to be what youth is all about!
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: ...
Ichika: That didn't go as planned, but I guess we can call it a success?
Shiho: She does seem even happier than we thought she'd be.
Honami: Then, let's say it properly.
Ichika: Happy birthday, Saki!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Saki: Hehehe. Thanks so much, everyone!
Saki: It makes me so, so happy to know you did all this for me!
Saki: Do you think we can keep the blackboard like this for today?
Shiho: I doubt it, on account of the lessons.
Kohane: It feels like a waste, but we need to clean this all up before morning homeroom, huh?
Saki: Okay... Then, I've gotta get some pictures!
Ichika: Oh, not yet. We're not done with the blackboard...
Saki: Then, I'll help! I want you guys to draw the presents, so... I'll draw the candles♪
Shiho: Huh...?
Honami: That doesn't seem quite right...
Ichika: Hehe. Isn't it fine if it's what Saki wants? Let's finish it up and get a picture with everyone.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Saki: *Sigh* This ended up being such a happy day...!
Honami: Hehe. You did receive plenty of warm wishes today.
Shiho: Even right after what happened this morning, more of our classmates showed up and wished you a happy birthday.
Ichika: And it looked like some of your soft tennis clubmates came by during one of our breaks.
Saki: Yeah! I'm super duper extra grateful for everyone!
Honami: By the way, did you get your assignment sorted okay?
Saki: Hehehe. I managed! I did almost forget after all the excitement with the surprise, though.
Ichika: Hehe. That wouldn't have been good.
Shiho: I still can't believe you showed up that early.
Saki: H-Haha. Sorry, guys.
Saki: But hey, even though you guys might feel like your surprise didn't go right...
Saki: For me, it was really nice getting to see you all preparing it!
Shiho: I'll take that...
Ichika: Hey, want to stop by a diner before we go home? It's been a while since we were all free after school, so it'd be nice to talk some more.
Honami: Oh, good idea. I second that plan.
Shiho: Fine by me. Does that sound good to you, Saki?
Saki: Yeah, totally! Hehehe, I can't wait♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Diner]

Saki: Are there seats...? Yeah, it looks pretty open! Excuse me, we're a party of four...
???: Oh, you guys! This way, over here!
Saki: Huh?
Haruka: Saki!
Saki: Huh? Huh?! MORE MORE JUMP!?!
Saki: Whoa! What a huge coincidence, running into you guys here!
Airi: It sure is. Speaking of coincidences, we happen to have eight seats here. Please, join us.
Saki: Huh? Join you...? What?
Honami: Hehe. I think this surprise was a perfect success.
Shiho: You don't think this is really a coincidence, do you?
Ichika: So, we actually reached out to Minori and Haruka back when we were planning this morning's surprise.
Minori: Yup! We knew about that surprise plan, but we couldn't join in because of work.
Haruka: Then, we mentioned that not only would the two of us have time after school, but Airi and Shizuku would be able to make it as well...
Shizuku: That's how we decided to have another birthday surprise after school.
Saki: Seriously? You guys are here just for me???
Airi: It's your birthday, do you need to ask?
Saki: Airi...
Saki: Haruka, Minori, Shizuku...! Thank you so much for being here!
Shizuku: Hehe. It's so nice to see you this pleased.
Haruka: Alright, take a seat and let's order something. You're all hungry, aren't you?
Minori: I saw this place has a “Birthday Plate”! Wanna get this, Saki?
Saki: Oh, thanks! I guess I will, since I'm here today!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Saki: Phew, that was a real shock...
Saki: I can't believe you guys had a Surprise Plan B!
Ichika: It's not like we thought that all out ahead, though. It just kind of turned out that way.
Saki: Well, I've gotta say thank you to that coincidence then! It gave me such a fun time!
Ichika: Alright, I guess we should all be heading home. See you tomor—
Saki: Oh, wait, hold on!
Honami: What's wrong? Did you leave something behind?
Saki: No, nothing like that... It's just, can we do one more thing first?
Saki: I wanna go take Print Stickers together to commemorate today.
Ichika: Print Stickers?
Saki: Yeah! This morning, I was feeling all negative about how I forgot my assignment, but before I knew it, this became such a happy birthday!
Saki: So, I wanna have something to remember it by!
Ichika: I see... I think I know how you feel.
Honami: Me too. It's your special day, so let's do it.
Saki: Ahh, thanks Hona!
Saki: Shiho...!
Shiho: I didn't say I wouldn't go, did I?
Shiho: Today's your birthday... Let's go.
Saki: Ahhh! Thank you, Shihooo! I love you so much!
Shiho: H-Hey, now. That wasn't an invitation for a hug.
Ichika & Honami: Hahaha. Hehe.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000309/bg_s000309.webp)
Kohane: Happy birthday, Saki! It was a lot of fun surprising you today.
Emu: Your day got off to a wonderhoy start! Getting to see you all smiles made me super smiley too!
Kohane: Yeah. And I was also happy to hear you wish we never had to clean the blackboard or take down the snack castle.
Nene: I had no idea what you were saying when you asked me how to build a castle out of snacks, Emu... But I'm glad she liked it.
Nene: Um, happy birthday from me too, Tenma. Let's celebrate the next time we get together. Just, try not to expect a surprise or anything...
Toya: Happy birthday, Saki. Azusawa showed me the photo you all took after that surprise. You had a vibrant smile, surrounded by your close friends.
Tsukasa: Yes, I was reminded what wonderful friends you have! Do continue to treasure them as you live out your glorious school days!
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Saki♪ That surprise birthday celebration must've been fun! Too bad I couldn't join in since we go to different schools.
Rui: Hehe, it's not too late. If you leave it to me, I'm sure I can devise something that will leave Saki speechless.
Mizuki: Hmm, that sounds super fun and all... But let's not, since Tsukasa looks pretty worried.
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Tenma. I heard about how Hinomori and Momoi celebrated with you at that diner. It's nice to hear that you had such a fun time.
Airi: Yeah, and our surprise went perfectly! I mean, Saki, your reaction would've been right at home on a variety show!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm tempted to celebrate her birthday every day if it means seeing her that excited every time.
Haruka: The rest of our celebration was fun, too. I definitely wanted to do something for your birthday, so I'm glad we got to spend that time together.
Minori: Yeah! We should do that again! And I got lots of pictures of us together, so I'll send those over later, Saki.
Ichika: We were celebrating your birthday, but we ended up getting presents too.
Honami: Yes, the Print Stickers the four of us took. We made another fun memory thanks to you, Saki.
Shiho: Those aren't my kind of thing... But I guess it can't hurt once in a while.
Ichika & Honami: Hehe.
Ichika: Again, Saki, happy birthday! Let's keep trying our hardest together!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Everybody! Thanks so much for the birthday wishes!
Saki: My heart just feels so full knowing how much love I've gotten!
Saki: It's enough to make me sure that I'll remember this day when I'm feeling down, and it'll perk me right back up!
Saki: I'll keep doing my best to earn your support, so look forward to seeing what I do, okay♪
(White cut)
