962_Saki Tenma_R4 Because We're Together (event_137)

Gacha phrase: I'm super happy... So it's all okay!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: I brought you some tea, Tsukasa! It's really hot, so be careful.
Tsukasa: Ah, much appreciated!
Tsukasa: *Sigh* Nothing beats a cup of tea after a nice meal.
Saki: It is pretty relaxing.
Tsukasa: Come to think of it, you're going to be filming the music video for your debut song soon. Do you feel ready...?
Saki: Ready? I mean, I know more or less how it's gonna be shot and stuff...
Saki: Oh, that reminds me! I was gonna ask you a question about it!
Tsukasa: Me?
Saki: Yeah. Apparently, we won't just be playing our song. They're gonna film us doing a bunch of other stuff.
Saki: Like sitting on stairs or walking down underground passageways and stuff. The usual things you see in these kinds of music videos.
Saki: Oh, but we won't be going outside. It's all gonna be shot at a special studio...
Tsukasa: Ah, interesting! And I'm sure it'll turn out great!
Saki: Hmm... But I'm worried about how I'm gonna look, you know?
Saki: I really hope I don't freeze up or something while we're shooting...!
Tsukasa: Hm? But you've always liked having your picture taken, no...?
Tsukasa: People such as yourself always seem to be more in their element when they see a camera pointed at them.
Saki: Yeah, when I'm hanging out with people and stuff! But we're talking about our professional debut here. A real music video...
Saki: I'm gonna be sooo nervous! I'm willing to bet the ice cream I always have for dessert on that!
Tsukasa: Your confidence in that matter isn't particularly encouraging...
Tsukasa: Hmm...
Tsukasa: By the way, have you been told what sorts of expressions you should be making throughout...?
Saki: Umm... The director who's on site that day is supposed to tell us what to do.
Saki: But our manager said that we shouldn't be asked to do anything that difficult since it'll be based on our song's overall feel and lyrics.
Tsukasa: I see...
Tsukasa: Then, your task is simple!
Saki: Wait, really?! Go on!
Tsukasa: All you have to do...
Tsukasa: Is focus on your own feelings!!
Saki: Oh...! Wait, huh...?
Saki: Uhh... What do you mean by that?
Tsukasa: The facial expressions you make need to be reflective of your song's theme and lyrics, yes?
Tsukasa: In that case, I believe you should try to focus on the lyrics being covered during each cut and what you want to convey.
Tsukasa: Stay true to your feelings, know how you want people to view your song and do what you can to help yourself succeed.
Saki: Oh...
Tsukasa: It's going to be your first time doing anything like this, so you likely won't be able to help worrying about the cameras.
Tsukasa: But I think you'll do just fine as long as you stay true to your feelings.
Tsukasa: Also, you'll have Ichika, Honami, Shiho and your manager there with you, will you not?
Tsukasa: On your own, this would be incredibly challenging. But you should all be able to overcome this challenge together.
Tsukasa: For one thing, you can encourage one another to alleviate the tension.
Saki: Yeah, you're absolutely right...!
Saki: I want lots and lots of people to hear our music... I want to move their hearts...!
Saki: And this shoot is our first step towards making that happen!
Tsukasa: Yes, that's the spirit!
Tsukasa: You are the younger sister of a future star! There is no doubt that you are destined for greatness!
Saki: Tsukasa...!
Saki: Thanks so much! I feel a lot better about this now!
Tsukasa: Yes, I'm sure you do!
Tsukasa: I can't be there with you during your shoot, but you have my support! Do your best, Saki!
Saki: I will!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

[Station]

Saki: Then, I'll see you two later!
Rin (Ln): Okay! Let's go exploring again!
Saki: Wait a second!!
Saki: Luka! Rin! Do my eyes look red to either of you?!
Luka (Ln): Your eyes...? Yes, they look a little red.
Saki: Oh... I had a feeling.
Saki: My mom's gonna worry so much if she sees me like this when I get home!
Saki: What do I do?! I have to come up with an excuse! A cat just happened to step on my face! Or a bird crashed into me!
Luka (Ln): Those might be hard to sell...
Rin (Ln): J-Just try to relax, Sakki! What if you told her that you weren't allowed to blink during practice?! That sounds more believable!
Luka (Ln): You also need to relax, Rin. Why don't we all just take some deep breaths here?
Luka (Ln): Breathe in... Breathe out...
Saki & Rin: Breathe in... Breathe out...
Luka (Ln): If keeping your mom from worrying is your objective, then it may be best for you to just sit tight here for a bit.
Saki: Oh, yeah... You're probably right...
Saki: Then, I should send her a message saying that I'm running a little late...
Saki: Phew...
Luka (Ln): Are you feeling better now, Saki...?
Saki: Y-Yes, I am. Thank you!
Saki: Come to think of it, I feel like you've seen me cry a lot now, Luka...
Saki: That includes back then...
Rin (Ln): Back when...?
Saki: When we just got our band back together, I ended up pushing myself a little too hard.
Saki: I got a really high fever during practice, which forced Tsukasa to leave work in order to take care of me...
Saki: Plus, I made my mom and dad worry so much...
Saki: There was so much I wanted to do back then... I felt like I had to do everything all at once.
Saki: Because I was worried that I'd end up all alone again if I didn't. I thought that I only had a limited amount of time to have fun with my friends.
Rin (Ln): I think Miku-P told me about that...
Rin (Ln): But what you're saying is way worse than what she told me...
Luka (Ln): It's okay, Rin. At this point, it's all ancient history.
Luka (Ln): Right, Saki?
Saki: Right.
Saki: I still remember what you told me that time, Luka.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Luka: You wanted to get back what you lost. That seems perfectly normal.
Luka: You felt that all those things couldn't wait.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: “But you don't need to be in such a hurry to make up for that time. It's okay to take it easy.”
Saki: I started feeling so much better after you told me that. All the tension I was feeling just seemed to disappear.
Saki: At least, that's what I believe.
Saki: What do you think...? Have I been able to put your advice to good use?
Luka (Ln): There have been times when I felt that you were pushing yourself too hard, but not because you were feeling rushed or anxious...
Luka (Ln): I believe your choices were well reasoned, sound and necessary.
Luka (Ln): I know you had to suffer at times, but you, Ichika and the others ultimately managed to become pros.
Luka (Ln): The worrisome girl I first met no longer exists. I feel like I can sit back and enjoy the show now.
Saki: Luka...
Rin (Ln): *Cry* I'm so happy for you, Sakki...!
Saki: R-Rin?!
Rin (Ln): I didn't realize how hard you had it, Sakki. You had to try so hard and endure so much...
Rin (Ln): *Sob*
Rin (Ln): I'm so glad...! For you, Sakki!!
Saki: Rin...
Saki: No, please, stop... If you...
Saki: If you keep saying that... I feel so happy... I think I'm gonna cry...
Rin (Ln): Sorry...
Saki & Rin: *Cry*
Luka (Ln): If you two aren't careful, your eyes are going to turn completely red.
Rin (Ln): Help us, Luka!
Luka (Ln): Alright, fine. Come here, you two.
Luka (Ln): There, there.
(Black cut)
