977_Saki Tenma_R2 Old Piano Trio (event_139)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Let's see... “I always have toast for breakfast, but today...”
Saki: Hm? What's this word...? O-ni-gi... Oh, onigiri!
Saki: “I always have toast for breakfast, but today, I'm having rice balls!”
Saki: Alright, onto the next paragraph...
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): I'm back!!
Saki: Oh...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: Welcome home, Tsukasa! I've been waiting for you to get back!
Tsukasa: Hm? For me?
Tsukasa: Ah, were you waiting so that we could have dinner together?!
Saki: No, Mom, Dad and I went ahead and ate after you said that we didn't need to wait for you.
Tsukasa: Y-Yes, right... I did say that...
Saki: But I decided to hold off on the jelly, because I do want to have dessert with you♪
Tsukasa: Ah, Saki...! That's so thoughtful!
Saki: Hehe. Wait, no. That's not what I want to tell you about!
Saki: I ran into Toya♪
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: I see. He's helping out with Shibuya Instrument Day...
Tsukasa: Speaking of which, weren't you and Mom talking about going to that?
Saki: Yeah, but she has to hold an emergency practice session for her students because they have a competition coming up really soon.
Saki: So, I don't think we're gonna be able to go this year...
Tsukasa: I see. I suppose her hands are tied with that competition coming up.
Saki: But there are plenty of other events like it, so we made a deal to go to one of those if we can♪
Tsukasa: That's good! I hope you both have a good time.
Tsukasa: Hm? Come to think of it, didn't we go to a similar event when we were little?
Saki: The one with all those orchestral instruments?
Saki: Weren't we given tickets to go because Toya's dad was going to perform in the concert? Yeah!
Tsukasa: Yes, but neither he nor his wife were able to join us since they had to prepare for that concert. Fortunately, we got to spend a lot of time with Toya.
Saki: Yeah♪ I remember that being really fun...
Saki: Oh, also! Remember how the three of us played that piano together?
Tsukasa: Yes, I remember.
Tsukasa: But we couldn't all fit onto the chair they had there, right?
Saki: Yeah! That's why you had me sit on your lap!
Tsukasa: Ah, that's right!
Tsukasa: As a result, I couldn't see the keys at all! I had to ask Toya where C was since I had so much trouble finding it.
Saki: Yeah, he said, “Further right!” But when you went too far, he shouted, “No, that's A! Go back!”
Tsukasa: Yes, I remember that moment.
Tsukasa: Also, didn't a lot happen after we began to play?
Tsukasa: I recall you pressing the C key, and my thumb on top of it too.
Saki: That happened because you tried to play the part that I was gonna!
Tsukasa: Really?
Saki: Yes, really! You said you'd let me play half of what the right hand's supposed to.
Saki: But we had trouble dividing up everything, since we weren't very good at playing the piano back then.
Tsukasa: True.
Tsukasa: Still, despite our chaotic performance, Toya seemed happy to go along with our antics.
Saki: Yeah...
Saki: I remember him always being so quiet whenever he was by himself.
Saki: I get that he's always been the polite and earnest type...
Saki: But I know he had it pretty rough sometimes.
Saki: Fortunately, he smiled and laughed whenever he was with us. That always made me happy.
Tsukasa: Same here...
Tsukasa: Now I feel like talking to Toya.
Tsukasa: We haven't had many chances to talk at school lately, so I might see if he'd like to have lunch sometime.
Saki: Hey, no fair! That means you get to hog him!
Saki: I know! I wanna hear more about how Shibuya Instrument Day went from him, so the three of us should go out for food sometime!
Tsukasa: Oh, excellent idea! In that case, we'll need to ask Toya when he'll be free to go!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma)

[carino/carina]

Saki: Hello! We have a reservation under the name “Tenma”♪
Clerk : Hehe. We've been waiting for you. Your table is right this way.
Saki: Thanks!
Toya: I didn't realize you'd gone through the trouble of making a reservation, Saki.
Saki: I had a shift yesterday, so I just asked then.
(Black cut)
Clerk : Your order will be right out. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Saki: Okay♪ We'll be right here!
Tsukasa: You seem to be in an awfully good mood today, Saki.
Saki: Hehe. That's because it's been forever since the three of us last went out together!
Saki: Also, I've really been looking forward to hearing about what happened during Shibuya Instrument Day.
Tsukasa: Right. I've been wondering as well, after Saki told me about how you'd been asked to help with customers.
Toya: Then, why don't we jump right in with that?
Saki: Okay♪
Toya: First, my customer service skills. After I agreed to lend a hand, Shiraishi helped me practice interacting with customers. I wouldn't have been able to get through that day without her.
Toya: The first actual customers I helped were an elderly couple hoping to learn to play a new instrument together...
Toya: And that's when a boy came over to try playing the trumpet.
Toya: He dreamt of playing the trumpet, but struggled to produce a steady tone. So much so that he was ready to give up.
Saki: I see...
Saki: (His dream...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: But that boy came over to the demo area to overcome said issue, yes?
Toya: Yes, that's also what I initially suspected.
Toya: As luck would have it, two other friends of ours were the ones who'd brought him over. We actually ended up practicing together as a form of encouragement.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Boy: I still can't play, despite all the help you guys are giving me...
Boy: I don't think I'm cut out for this, after all.
Toya: ...!
(White cut)
Toya: I felt just as frustrated as you are at the moment. Every time I failed, I felt like crying, because it was a reminder of my lack of skill and talent.
Toya: I don't remember how many times I wanted to give up.
Toya: However, after a year or two of practicing, my sound began improving.
(White cut)
Toya: But that made me so happy... Even though I still had to endure some very hard practices, I couldn't stop playing.
Toya: And each time I put in an honest effort, my music changed for the better.
Toya: Before I knew it, I could play even more beautifully than I had imagined.
Toya: So...
Toya: If any part of you still wishes to produce beautiful music, then I implore you to not give up here.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: (Oh...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Student A: Hey, let's go shopping already! I've got my eye on some cute clothes.
Student B: Sure, but what about your homework? Don't come crying to me when the teacher scolds you for not doing it.
Students: Haha.
Junior High School Saki (Saki): ...
Junior High School Saki (Saki): No fair...
Junior High School Saki (Saki): (When am I gonna get to have fun...?)
Nurse: I have a letter addressed to one Ms. Tenma.
Junior High School Saki (Saki): Th-Thank you...
Junior High School Saki (Saki): (Who sent this? Ichi...?)
Junior High School Saki (Saki): Huh...?
Letter: Happy Everyday ♡ Airi Momoi
Junior High School Saki (Saki): H-Happy Everyday...? Is this a reply to my fan letter?
Letter: Dear Saki Tenma, Thanks for sending me that letter♪ I thought your handwriting was so cute that I'm sort of trying to copy it now!
Junior High School Saki (Saki): W-Wow. A reply from THE Airi Momoi...!
Junior High School Saki (Saki): Wait, that line she says as Happy Everyday was originally just her ad-libbing?! That's amazing!
Junior High School Saki (Saki): (Oh, there's a second page.)
Letter: I can't imagine just how hard it must be for you to be stuck in the hospital the way you said.
Letter: Not being able to go to school, see your friends, go shopping or hang out...
Letter: But, I don't want you to give up.
Letter: To make sure that you don't, I'm gonna do my absolute best to bring as much courage, cheer and hope to you as I can.
Junior High School Saki (Saki): Oh...
Junior High School Saki (Saki): Airi...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: ...and the boy was able to figure out how to play the trumpet the way he always wanted.
Tsukasa: Oh, that's incredible! The boy himself deserves praise, but you got him to the finish line, Toya! With an unfamiliar instrument no less!
Toya: No, I just didn't want him to give up, that's all.
Saki: But that probably played a super duper extra huge role.
Saki: Because it's so easy to only think negative thoughts when things aren't going well.
Saki: But you kept his hopes alive. You were able to get him to play the way he wanted!
Tsukasa: She's right! In the eyes of that boy, you're a superhero!
Toya: I am...?
Saki: And when he becomes a super famous professional musician, he's gonna say, “I'm standing here today because of that young man.” I'm sure of it!
Toya: It'd be quite an honor if that were to happen.
(Black cut)
