999_Saki Tenma_R4 Our Dreams Back Then (event_143)

Gacha phrase: This guitar is super cool!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Supermarket]

Ichika: We're gonna go look at the snack aisle.
Honami: Okay, we'll go to the drinks aisle.
Saki: Don't forget to grab some potato chips!
Shiho: We know. See you two in a bit.
Honami: Alright, let's go look at the drinks.
Saki: Yeah♪ Let's go go go!
(Black cut)
Saki: Hmm... Which drinks do you think Miku and the others would like?
Honami: We could choose three different types like usual. For example, juice, tea and some soda.
Saki: Yeah, okay♪
Saki: Oh, speaking of soda...!
Saki: We're going to tell them about that collaboration, right, Hona?!
Honami: Yes, that's the plan... Oh, are you saying...?
Saki: Hehe. Since a picture's worth a thousand words, I think we have to take over some FizzYum Cider!
Honami: Hehe. I agree. If we do plan on accepting that offer, then we should learn more about their products.
Saki: Exactly!
Saki: Let's see... FizzYum Cider should be... Oh, here!
Honami: Wait, that's incredible! FizzYum Cider has half of this shelf all to itself.
Saki: Wow! There's classic, lemon, grape and strawberry?! Have they always had this many flavors?!
Honami: It looks like they have some limited-edition flavors out right now. I suppose it's a testament to the popularity of this brand.
Honami: Oh, look. They have a poster hung up here.
Honami: “Youth's Possibilities Are Endless!” This must be their current theme.
Saki: Oh, okay! That explains this lineup of flavors!
Honami: Still, so many choices. Which do you think we should get for Miku and the others?
Saki: Hmm... Since they have all these flavors here...
Saki: Oh, what if we did this?! We could choose based on what we think they'd drink at school!
Honami: Hehe. That could be fun.
Honami: Then, let's try thinking about Miku for a second...
Saki: Okay♪ Lemme think... In terms of color, I'd say melon soda.
Honami: I agree. I think the classic flavor would be fitting for her as well.
Honami: I feel that it suits her because she's always pulling us in the right direction by being honest with us.
Saki: Yeah! Okay, here I go!
Honami: Huh?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): Saki, how about we take a quick break?
Miku (Ln): Here, drink this. You'll feel much better and forget how tired you are after taking a sip.
Miku (Ln): We still need to practice, so let's rest, recharge and keep doing our best until the end!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: Yeah♪ Their classic cider suits Miku really well!
Honami: Umm... I'm not sure how necessary that example was...
Saki: It was so necessary! Since we're doing this, we gotta get it right by doing at least that!
Saki: Next, Rin!
Saki: I've already got a good idea for her♪
Honami: Oh, you mean...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rin (Ln): Hona!
Honami: Rin? What's...? Eep! Cold!
Rin (Ln): Hehe. Operation: Chilly Cheek is a big success♪
Rin (Ln): I know getting up early each morning is tough, but the refreshingly sour taste of this lemon FizzYum Cider will wake you right up!
Rin (Ln): So, let's get energized and do our best again today!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: Hehe. That's just like one of their commercials.
Saki: It's exactly why I think their lemon flavor goes perfectly with her bubbly personality♪
Honami: Yes, I agree.
Honami: Still, Saki, I'm impressed by how quickly you can come up with these scenarios.
Saki: Heh heh. Youth is my favorite topic, after all♪
Shiho: Oh, you two are still here.
Ichika: We've got the snacks. How are things going here?
Saki: Oh, perfect! We were just picking flavors of FizzYum Cider based on which we think suit Miku and the others the best♪
Saki: You two gotta ask me what I think!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Saki: Mr. Shindo understood! I'm so glad for you, Ichi!
Ichika: Me too...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shindo: Alright, I understand...
Shindo: Please, try to relax. The company will need to know about this, but I'll handle telling them.
Shindo: Explaining this to them won't be easy, but I'm sure things will work out.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: I'm sorry for making you all wait... I'll do everything I can to help make the best song possible for this collaboration!
Ichika: I'm looking forward to working with you again, Saki.
Saki: Yeah♪ Let's do our best together!
Shiho: You sound pretty motivated, Ichika...
Honami: Hehe. You must be feeling much better now that you have your answer.
Saki: I feel like we're really making the most of our youth.
Saki: Wait, whoa! Where'd the instrument shop that was here go?!
Ichika: Huh? Which instrument shop?
Saki: The one that always had cool-looking guitars on display in the window!
Shiho: Oh, you mean that one we'd window-shop at from time to time just after we started our band...?
Saki: Yeah, that one! But it's gone!
Honami: Are you sure it wasn't one block down and around the corner?
Saki: Huh...?
Ichika: Yeah, the corner shop that acted as a sort of landmark has changed, but the instrument shop should still be there.
Shiho: Since it's right there, wanna go check it out?
(Black cut)
Shiho: Here. This one, right?
Saki: Yeah, it's still here! Thank goodness...!
Ichika: Come to think of it, we haven't been here in a really long time...
Honami: No, we haven't. We've mostly been getting everything we need at the shop by the live house.
Saki: That reminds me of...
Saki: The conversation we had while looking at the guitar on display in the window!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Little Saki (Saki): The guitar they have on display is so cool! And the bass next to it's super shiny!
Little Shiho (Shiho): Of course it's shiny. It's brand new.
Little Ichika (Ichika): Wow... I hope I get to play a cool guitar like this someday.
Little Ichika (Ichika): Actually, how much is it...? Let's see...
Little Honami (Honami): Ones, tens, hundreds... One hundred thousand yen.
Little Saki (Saki): O-O-O-One hundred thousand yen?! How many months' worth of allowance is that?!
Little Shiho (Shiho): Probably years. That's including New Year's money.
Little Ichika (Ichika): Yeah...
Little Saki (Saki): B-But! You can buy it if you save lots and lots, right?!
Little Shiho (Shiho): True.
Little Shiho (Shiho): My dad even said how finding a guitar you really want can motivate you to save and practice.
Little Saki (Saki): Oh, and he's a pro! That means it's gotta be true!
Little Shiho (Shiho): On the other hand, you can't buy skill with money. You gotta be good if you're gonna play a high-end model.
Little Shiho (Shiho): Without the proper skills, you won't be able to make the most of your instrument.
Little Ichika (Ichika): Right... If I'm going to own a guitar like that, then I'll want to play it well.
Little Honami (Honami): Then, how much better do you think we'd have to become before we can start using instruments like these?
Little Saki (Saki): What do you think, Shiho?!
Little Shiho (Shiho): Hmm... A hundred times better?
Little Ichika (Ichika): A-A hundred times...?
Little Saki (Saki): What?! That can't be right, Shiho!
Little Shiho (Shiho): Hey, it's the truth.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: I remember that conversation. We were so adorable back then...
Ichika: Yeah. Actually, compared to back then, how much better do you think we've gotten?
Saki: Good question! What do you think, Shiho?!
Saki: We've made our debut as pros, so it's gotta be like a thousand times or something, right?!
Shiho: Hey, personal space.
Shiho: Maybe not a thousand... But I'd say at least five hundred.
Saki: Really?! Then, doesn't that mean it's okay for us to play high-end instruments like the ones they had on display back then?!
Shiho: Actually, we could even start talking about boutique brands.
Ichika: Really?!
Shiho: But everyone has their preferences. Going for the most expensive thing isn't necessarily the right choice.
Saki: Still, this makes me really happy!
Honami: Me too! I mean, we've improved five hundredfold!
Saki: Oh, while we're here, why don't we ask to see if we can try playing some of their instruments?!
Saki: Who knows? We might even find the next model we want♪
Ichika: True. They might have a nice keyboard or drum kit in stock.
Saki: Yeah, so let's go!
(Black cut)
