1022_Saki Tenma_R4 Fun, Happy Music (event_147)

Gacha phrase: Stuff like this... I really like it.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Saki: Let's do our best again during practice today!
Honami: Hehe. You've been so full of energy since this morning, Saki.
Saki: That's because Jam Fest is just around the corner! We gotta practice harder than usual in order to get ready for it!
Shiho: Yeah, it is important for us to stay focused.
Ichika: Still, it's happening soon...
Honami: Is something the matter?
Ichika: It always felt so far off... But after practicing day in and day out, it sort of creeped up on us.
Saki: Yeah, Ichi, I totally get what you mean! I was also surprised when I realized that it was just a few days away!
Honami: I felt the same thing as well. But doesn't that go to show how much we've been able to focus on practicing?
Shiho: We only have one song left in the set list to work on, so I think we've been having productive practices.
Ichika: Then, let's keep doing our best to really master it.
Saki: Yeah! It's full steam ahead until the festival...
Saki: Oh no!!
Shiho: What's wrong?
Saki: We've been practicing so much that I think we've forgotten about something really important...
Ichika: Huh?
Shiho: Wait, what are you talking about?
Saki: This is what I mean! We haven't packed yet, right?!
Honami, Ichika & Shiho: *Gasp* Hm...?
Ichika: Actually, do we need to bring anything special with us...?
Shiho: Nothing out of the ordinary, I think?
Honami: We've gotten everything together that we usually need for our shows, so I don't think we need anything special...
Saki: Yeah, we do! Lots of things!
Saki: This is our first big festival! So, we gotta have all our ducks in a row!
Shiho: Okay, so what else do we need?
Saki: Uhh... Oh! An outdoor venue usually means lots of bugs!
Saki: So, we gotta take bug repellent and stuff! What if a big swarm comes and causes us to lose focus while we're playing?!
Ichika: If it's an area where bugs like to gather, then I'm sure that the venue staff will have countermeasures in place.
Honami: Mr. Shindo didn't mention anything regarding that, did he?
Saki: I'm talking about just in case! Because some of us like to have backup plans in place!
Shiho: Okay?
Saki: What else is there...? I know! We might wanna take some medicine with us!
Ichika: Why medicine?
Saki: What if we get so nervous that we drink too much water and get stomach aches?! Who knows if there's going to be a hospital nearby?!
Honami: I'm not sure we'd be able to play anyway, if it's bad enough we would have to go to the hospital...
Shiho: I guess it's true nerves can cause stomach pain, but—
Saki: See what I mean?!
Saki: I wanna put on the best show we can, so we should have all our bases covered!
Saki: *Gasp* Should we bring neck pillows with us so we can sleep during the trip over? What about blankets in case it's chilly in the green room!
Ichika: How much luggage do you plan to bring?
Shiho: We're not going on vacation or anything.
Honami: But I do sort of understand how you feel, Saki.
Honami: We have to prepare for every show we do, but this is an especially big event. As such, it's natural for us to feel nervous.
Shiho: And that nervousness is going to be our Achilles' heel.
Ichika: Right. If possible, I'd like for us to play like we normally do...
Ichika: So, we should do what we can to ensure that we do.
Shiho: Agreed.
Saki: You guys...!
Ichika: While we're on the subject, we may want to take that other thing with us.
Saki: Huh?! What other thing?! Tell me!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Tsukasa: Alright!!
Tsukasa: I took care of everything on my to-do list just for this day! I even finished all my homework early! Sometimes I impress even myself!
Tsukasa: And now, I'm all set and ready to go! I couldn't be in better condition for this!
Saki: You know we're just watching my music video on the TV together, right?
Tsukasa: Nonsense! We're talking about a music video starring my dear little sister! There is no way that I'm going to miss it!
Saki: You're that excited about seeing it?!
Saki: Hehe. Then, I'm glad I asked you to join me♪ Let's get to it, then!
Tsukasa: Alright, I'll play it now!
Tsukasa: Oh, it takes place at a school!
Saki: Yup! The theme revolves around youth, which suits us perfectly!
Tsukasa: Yes, I see. This does seem like the best way to visually represent your song!
Tsukasa: Oh, Saki, there you are! Hmm... Interesting...!
Saki: Wait, why'd you pause it?
Tsukasa: Ah, pardon me! I couldn't help but notice your superb acting!
Tsukasa: The way you looked around, smiled and laughed felt incredibly natural!
Saki: Hehe. Thanks! That was actually kinda hard. You should've seen how robotic I was at first.
Saki: But then they filmed me chatting with Ichi and the others, who were off camera, and it turned out really well♪
Tsukasa: I see. A trick specific to music videos with no lines, I imagine.
Tsukasa: Anyway, I apologize for pausing it. Let's continue!
Tsukasa: Oh, Ichika seems different compared to normal. She has an air of calmness and maturity to her.
Saki: She was asked to act all cool and grown-up.
Saki: She was really worried she wouldn't get it right. But she did such a good job!
Tsukasa: Yes, I'm impressed! Her portrayal of this character is simply marvelous!
Tsukasa: Hm...?!
Saki: Wait, why'd you pause it again?!
Tsukasa: The way you walked into the classroom and started talking to Ichika...! That was magnificent, Saki!
Tsukasa: Despite not having any lines, the expression on your face makes it so clear that you're doing your best to cheer up your friend!
Saki: Th-Thanks. But the best part's actually about to come up...
Tsukasa: Ah, my apologies! In that case, let's endeavor to watch it all the way through without any further pauses!
Tsukasa: Hm...?!
Saki: Hey, what happened to no more pauses?!
Tsukasa: I'm incredibly sorry!
Tsukasa: But you need to let me talk about this current scene, Saki! I know I said I'd stop pausing, but I'll have to rewind this part!
Saki: Argh! Tsukasa!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Yes, that was an excellent music video!
Tsukasa: As it should be, considering you're the sister of a future star! Without question, you stole the show!
Saki: Woohoo! Thanks♪
Saki: That makes me really happy! I asked you for a lot of help when we did our other one, so I tried really hard on my own for this one.
Saki: Figuring how which expressions to make and how to move was really hard, but it was also an interesting process.
Tsukasa: Ah, it's wonderful to hear that you enjoyed acting to this extent...
Saki: Haha. To be fair, all I did was dip my toes in.
Tsukasa: No, I'm glad to hear that you enjoyed this experience! I couldn't be happier as a stage actor!
Tsukasa: Yes. Yes, I'm happy... That feeling is genuine, but...
Saki: Hm?
Tsukasa: I admire the way you took on this challenge all by yourself, but... I wouldn't have minded helping you a little.
Tsukasa: When it comes to acting, at least, I can perhaps still be of some assistance to you, you know? Yes.
Saki: Thanks, Tsukasa.
Saki: I'm sure that we're gonna shoot more videos in the future, so I'll be sure to ask you if I ever get stuck!
Tsukasa: Yes, please do! I promise to answer any questions that you bring to me! Hah hah hah!
Saki: Oh, Tsukasa.
(Black cut)
