1031_Saki Tenma_R3 Visibly & Audibly Asleep (event_148)

Gacha phrase: Mrm... I can't eat any more...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Tenma Household  - Living Room]

Saki: Tsukasa! You gotta hear this♪
Tsukasa: Hm? You seem to be in an awfully good mood, Saki. Did something good happen?
Saki: Hehe♪ You can tell, huh?
Saki: Guess what? I ran into Shizuku earlier this morning...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Interesting. The Tenmas and Hinomoris going on a day trip together, eh?
Saki: Yeah, I thought we could use a break. We've all been super busy lately.
Saki: Do you think you'll be free to go, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Hmm... We aren't supposed to start training with the next troupe for a little bit.
Tsukasa: I'll need to check with the others, but I should be able to go.
Saki: Woohoo!!
Tsukasa: The four of us don't often spend much time together, but it should be a fun trip.
Tsukasa: However... Shizuku aside, I'm surprised Shiho agreed to come.
Saki: Heh heh! Shizuku and I begged and pleaded for her to come.
Saki: She said yes after we told her that the three of us would plan everything out!
Tsukasa: Oh, now I'm even more excited!
Tsukasa: Naturally, for our “Leaf-Viewing Reattempt”, we're surely going to go see the leaves...
Tsukasa: Hmm... But coming up with other things to do is much more difficult than I was expecting...
Saki: Don't worry! I just happen to have these handy...
Saki: Ta-daa!! I bought a bunch of travel magazines for us♪
Tsukasa: Oh, Saki, these are perfect! We'll definitely need to do what research we can here!
Tsukasa: Let's see... Hiking up a mountain, going glamping, riding gondola lifts...
Tsukasa: So many ways to enjoy the leaves. And they all look incredibly fun.
Saki: Haha. Yeah, I'm not sure which ones to pick.
Saki: But let's see what else we can do... Oh!!
Tsukasa: Whoa! Wh-What did you find, Saki?
Saki: Look! There's a restaurant where you can listen to live music while enjoying the leaves at the same time!
Tsukasa: What...?!
Tsukasa: The live music alone would be compelling enough, but to think that we'd also get to enjoy the leaves at the same... Now it has my full attention!
Saki: Mine too. Let's bookmark this one.
Tsukasa: Oh, here's an activity that's all about desserts made using chestnuts.
Saki: Made using chestnuts?
Tsukasa: Apparently, you gather chestnuts there and they'll roast them for you.
Tsukasa: And the title of “Chestnut Champion” will be bestowed upon the person in each group who finds the largest one.
Saki: Wow, that sounds like fun!
Tsukasa: Yes, and there's more...
Tsukasa: The champion will be allowed to have as many chestnut desserts as they like!!
Saki: What?! Now I wanna win!
Tsukasa: Then, let's also bookmark this one. See anything else that you like?
Saki: This vineyard also has an all-you-can-eat activity!
Tsukasa: Oh, grapes!
Saki: Come to think of it, didn't we go and pick grapes when we were little?
Tsukasa: Yes, I remember them being unimaginably good since we picked them ourselves...
Saki: Hehe. Now I wanna go again. This one's also a keeper!
Tsukasa: The page next to it seems to be a special feature on a pear orchard.
Saki: That'd also be a good choice. All the crisp and juicy pears we can eat...
Tsukasa: Oh... Hmm...
Tsukasa: Despite the fact that we just had dinner, all this talk of food is making me hungry again...
Saki: Me too...
Tsukasa: Alright, I know it's not good to snack at night, but we can't fight on empty stomachs.
Tsukasa: How does some hot chocolate with whipped cream sound, Saki?
Saki: Awesome!
Saki: I found these really amazing marshmallows the other day! We should try throwing those in!
Tsukasa: What?! You're making it even more decadent...?!
(Black cut)
Saki: I think we've marked all the places we wanna check out.
Tsukasa: Yes. Now we need to whittle down our options.
Tsukasa: I know. Since she's going with us, why don't we ask Shizuku where she'd like to go?
Saki: Oh, right! We need to ask her about where she wants to go and stuff!
Saki: I'll message her. Then, we'll meet up and discuss our trip!
Tsukasa: Heh. The three of us will put our heads together...
Tsukasa: And devise such an incredible travel itinerary that even Shiho won't believe her eyes.
Saki: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-B]

Emu: Saki! Shiho! Let's have lunch together☆
Shiho: That was fast...
Saki: Haha. Right after the bell rang.
Emu: Hehe♪ I haven't been able to sit still at all. There's so much I wanna talk about!
Emu: Those snacks you brought back for me from your trip were really yummy☆
Saki: Really? That's great to hear!
Saki: Shiho and I sampled a lot of different ones in order to figure out what to get you♪
Shiho: Yeah, since we were there, we wanted to get you something good.
Emu: Really...?! Thank you both so much for putting so much thought into my gift♪
Saki: Hehe. We had so much fun during our trip that we wanted you to get at least a small taste of it, Emu.
Emu: Does that mean Tsukasa and Hinomori also had a super duper fun and exciting time?!
Saki: Yeah, they also really enjoyed themselves!
Saki: Oh, we took a bunch of pictures! Here, have a look♪
Emu: You have pictures?! Lemme see!!!
Saki: We collected the very best ones to make a mini album! Here, take a look!
Emu: Wow! You guys are all smiling and look like you're having such a wonderhoy time☆
Saki: I know, right? I think this is my favorite one♪
Emu: Oh, Shiho and Hinomori are picking grapes together in this one!
Saki: Oh, that's right! As it turns out, Shizuku's really good at that.
Saki: I love this one. The way she's showing Shiho what to do makes them feel like real sisters.
Shiho: Wait, feel like...? We are real sisters.
Emu: What about this one...? Oh, it's Tsukasa!
Saki: That was when Tsukasa found what he believed were the vineyard's “number-one” grapes!
Emu: Number-one grapes?
Saki: Yeah, he thought so because they were big, shiny and full of color!
Emu: Wow☆ So, they're like the king of grapes.
Shiho: Again, he just claimed that they were the number-one grapes.
Shiho: Oh, these look like our leaf-viewing photos...
Emu: Wow...! This mountain's so pretty! It's completely red...!
Emu: And everything's all sparkly somehow!
Saki: It started raining right when we got there. We were all a little disappointed at first...
Saki: But then we noticed how the raindrops made the leaves sparkle and glisten. Then, it started to feel like a rare and special moment!
Shiho: Yeah.
Emu: Talk about super special luck☆ Huh...?
Saki: Is something wrong, Emu?
Emu: So, I'm seeing lots of pictures with Tsukasa, Shiho and Hinomori...
Emu: But not many that include you, Saki.
Saki: Oh, right... I took all these on my phone...
Shiho: Yeah, Saki, you always do this. Luckily, I took some myself.
Saki: What?!
Shiho: Here, take a look...
Emu: Wow☆ So many pictures of Saki!
Shiho: Shizuku was the one who started taking these.
Shiho: Unfortunately, only a few of hers turned out well. Most of them turned out blurry, and that's if her finger didn't cover up part of the lens.
Saki: Shiho...!
Saki: Thank you! I love you so much!
Shiho: Okay, calm down. We won't be able to see unless you let go.
Emu: Hmm... Let's see...
Emu: Oh, Tsukasa's feeding Saki some grapes in this one! Open wide...!
Saki: Haha. I couldn't eat any on my own because I was carrying a bunch of grapes in each hand!
Shiho: I really like this one. When you lined up all those leaves next to each other, Saki.
Emu: Whoa! The way you lined up these leaves on these rocks makes it look like a little store!
Saki: Hehe♪ I had so much fun picking them up because they came in so many pretty colors.
Saki: (Hehe. I sorta forgot about that.)
Emu: You're smiling so much in all these pictures, Saki...
Saki: Huh?
Emu: You look like you're having the best time of your life! Now I'm feeling all warm and fuzzy inside♪
Saki: Yeah...! Thanks for taking these, Shiho!
Saki: Can I see what else you took?
Shiho: Sure.
(Black cut)
