1098_Saki Tenma_R4 Appreciation Overflow! (event_155)

Gacha phrase: Thank you so much, Kanade!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Saki: Let's see... Movies, movies... Oh, this one looks pretty good!
Saki: Alright, I'm adding it to my backlog!
Ichika: Huh? Saki, are you by yourself?
Saki: Hi, Ichi! Shiho said to start without her because she needs to ask one of the teachers a question.
Ichika: Okay. Honami also said she's going to be running late, so why don't we get started?
Saki: Yeah! I'm starved.
Ichika: Hehe. But I'm sorry for making you wait...
Saki: No, that's okay. I was just looking up... Wait a second!
Saki: Ichi, that reminds me. Are there any movies you've been meaning to watch lately?
Ichika: Movies?
Saki: Yeah! Remember how we got to ask Kanade about songwriting?
Ichika: Oh, when we went to that cafe?
Saki: Yeah! I asked her where the inspiration for her songs comes from...
Saki: Remember how movies, manga and works of art are the sources of some of her ideas?
Ichika: Yeah. She makes a habit of taking in all kinds of works to enhance her music.
Ichika: Oh, is that why you asked me about movies...?
Saki: Hehe. Correct! I read manga on a regular basis already, so that just leaves movies and art.
Saki: I'm not ready right this second to visit an art museum, so I thought I could start with some movies first.
Ichika: That makes sense. And you stand to learn a lot.
Saki: Hehe♪ I was thinking about going to see something after school since we don't have practice today.
Ichika: In that case, can I go with you?
Saki: Huh?
Ichika: I thought I should take this opportunity to also start exposing myself to more things.
Saki: Ichi...! Yeah, let's go together♪
Saki: Then, while we're at it, we should also invite Shiho and Hona!
Ichika: Right. I'm looking forward to discussing what we saw afterwards.
Saki: Hehe. Now I'm even more excited! Which movie should we see?
Saki: There's “The Shape of the World”, but also “Attack of the Mecha-Zombies!”...
Ichika: I haven't heard of either. What are they about?
Saki: So, “The Shape of the World” is a documentary that discusses some of society's problems.
Ichika: It's a documentary?
Saki: Yup! The other one is a horror film about mechanized zombies.
Saki: But it apparently isn't scary at all. It's become a cult hit because of how the story's a mystery wrapped in an enigma that's full of twists and turns!
Ichika: R-Really...?
Ichika: I have to say, I'm surprised by your choices, Saki. These aren't the kind of movies you'd normally go to see.
Saki: Haha. I'd usually pick a glamorous coming-of-age film or something...
Saki: But I thought I should start trying a bunch of different genres, since my goal here is to experience new things!
Ichika: Different genres?
Saki: Yeah! Genres that I'm not really into or would avoid normally.
Saki: I figure I might find some unexpected new favorites that way!
Ichika: I see... I do agree with that.
Saki: Hehe. See what I mean?
Ichika: Oh, but...
Saki: What's up?
Ichika: I understand your desire to step outside your comfort zone and try new genres...
Ichika: But are you sure we'll be able to get all the way through those movies?
Saki: Huh?
Ichika: If the subject matter is too complicated or not all that appealing, then we might have trouble following what happens.
Saki: I mean, when you put it that way...
Saki: Y-Yeah, you're right. We should go with something more familiar first!
Ichika: My thoughts exactly. Let's look together...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shizuku Hinomori, Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Shopping Mall]

Saki: (Oh, that dress and jacket combo is so cute...!)
Saki: (Seeing them together on a mannequin like this helps a ton.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: (Thanks to Kanade, I have a way better idea of what sort of outfit to choose...)
Saki: (But now I need to actually find the right clothes. This might end up being the hardest part of all.)
Saki: (I want some frilly and cute clothes like the ones at this shop...!)
Saki: But I don't have anything like this at home. What do I do...?
???: Huh? Saki?
Saki: Huh?
Saki: Oh, Shizuku! Mizuki!
Mizuki: Hey, Saki!
Shizuku: Hello.
Saki: Wow! What a coincidence! Are you two out shopping together?
Shizuku: Hehe. We actually just ran into each other.
Mizuki: Yeah, at the sewing lounge.
Shizuku: Are you getting some clothes shopping done, Saki?
Saki: No, I was actually just looking at the outfits on these mannequins.
Shizuku: Their outfits?
Saki: Yes. The thing is, for art class...
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Oh, that sounds like such a fun project...!
Mizuki: Yeah♪ I could spend hours and hours picking outfits and hairstyles for that.
Saki: I know! Coming up with outfits for Kanade to wear and ways to do up her hair has been so much fun!
Saki: But...
Mizuki: But?
Saki: I know what I want to do now, but I don't have the clothes to make it happen.
Saki: That's after I borrowed some from Ichi and the girls. I still don't have everything I need.
Mizuki: Oh, I see what you mean... Buying clothes for just one project is a bit of a tough sell.
Saki: Yeah... I wanted to try a bunch of different outfits and choose the best one, but I probably have to start whittling down my options.
Shizuku: By the way, what do you have in mind at the moment?
Saki: Huh? Umm... I saved pictures of those outfits to my phone the other day... Oh, here they are.
Saki: It's these...
Shizuku: I own a blouse like this one.
Saki: What?
Shizuku: That also goes for this skirt. It's not quite the same color, but the design is very similar.
Saki: Wait, what? Does that mean...?
Shizuku: I'll be more than happy to help you, Saki.
Shizuku: Because I don't want you to give up on your ideas before even getting a chance to try them out.
Saki: Y-You mean that...?!
Shizuku: Yes, and I may have other clothes that you can use. I'll take some pictures and send them to you.
Saki: You're the best, Shizuku...! Thank you so much!!
Shizuku: I'm just glad that I can help you in some way, Saki. Does that cover what you need?
Saki: So, it would be nice to also have some cute clothes like the ones this shop carries...
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. I've got that covered!
Saki: What?
Mizuki: I actually visit this shop a lot! In fact, we were just on our way to stop here.
Saki: Really?!
Mizuki: Yeah. They got a few really cute accessories in recently, and I wanted to recommend some to Shizuku♪
Saki: W-Wait, does that mean you have outfits like the ones they have in the front window?
Mizuki: Yeah, I do! Ask for whatever you need since I really wanna see Kanade wear these kinds of clothes.
Saki: Th-Thanks...! I might actually be able to get everything I need now!
Mizuki: You're welcome♪ Send me the pic once it's ready, okay?
Shizuku: Oh, I'd like a copy as well! That is, if it's okay with you and Yoisaki.
Saki: Of course! I'll ask Kanade the next time I see her!
(Black cut)
