1127_Saki Tenma_R4 Hard-Knock Meeting (event_159)

Gacha phrase: There's so much to think about...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Corridor]

Saki: I'm starving. Wonder what they're gonna have at the school store today?
Emu: Hehe. I can't wait to find out♪
Emu: Oh, where should we have lunch today?
Shiho: It's really nice out, so why not the courtyard?
Saki: Yeah! I'm all for that♪
Emu: Yay☆ I love having lunch out in the courtyard with you guys.
Saki: Hehe. Me too! And I hope that we all get to visit the same company together too♪
Saki: Oh, that reminds me. Do you think they'll tell us later today where we're going?
Shiho: I sorta doubt it. We only got the details in homeroom yesterday.
Shiho: At the same time, the teacher did say most people will get their first choice as long as they don't do anything crazy.
Saki: Right...! I really hope we can all go together.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Emu: Hehe☆ They had some fun-looking rice balls today!
Saki: I bought some too! The special plum flavor♪
Shiho: If you're lucky, then you got one with two umeboshi in it, right?
Shiho: I thought it'd be pretty obvious which ones had two in them, but I couldn't tell at all.
Saki: They were all the same size, even, so they all looked the same.
Saki: But that turned it into a fun treasure hunt. I tried so hard to make sure I got a lucky one!
Emu: Yeah, me too! Let's have these already and find out!
Shiho: Okay, okay. Then, let's eat.
Saki & Emu: Let's eat!
Saki: Mmm! So good! I can see why these are so special♪
Shiho: I'm pretty sure the taste is just your standard umeboshi rice ball, though.
Emu: Oh, yes☆ My rice ball has two umeboshi in it♪
Shiho: Hm? So does mine... Looks like we got lucky, Otori.
Saki: Wait, you both got two?! No fair...
Saki: Alright, lemme take a closer look...!
Saki: Hm? Still nothing... What if I took a bite from the other side?
Shiho: I mean, you've taken a bunch of bites already...
Saki: N-No, I'm sure I'll find it if I take a bite from this side!
Emu: Yeah, there's still a chance! It might've found a good hiding spot on that side!
Emu: I know you'll find it, Saki!
Saki: Thanks, Emu! Alright, I'm gonna find it no matter what!
Saki: Nom! Nom...!
(Black cut)
Saki: Aww, mine was the only one that wasn't special!
Emu: Yeah, your umeboshi must feel so lonely...
Saki: *Gasp* What if this is foreshadowing something? Call it gut instinct...and not just because this is lunch!
Saki: Does this mean I'm not gonna get my first choice for the program?!
Shiho: I seriously doubt that.
Saki: But I've got a really bad feeling about this! I need to rack up some good deeds to counteract this.
Shiho: Rack up good deeds...?
Emu: Hmm... Oh, in that case! What if you helped out people in need?
Saki: People in need... Oh, I could lend them my textbooks and stuff!
Shiho: Yeah, I guess... You could also let people copy your homework.
Saki: Not so fast! This is about the math homework we were just assigned, huh? You want me to let you copy my answers!
Shiho: That's not what I said.
Emu: I also want the three of us to visit the same company together, Saki! So, I'll help you with whatever!
Saki: Thanks! Alright, we gotta perform as many good deeds as we can!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

[White Day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-B]

Saki: Alright, our cards are all set! Now we just need to hand them out!
Emu: Hehe. I hope they like what we made♪
Saki: Me too! Oh, but... Are Minori and the others at school today?
Emu: I just saw Minori in the corridor!
Shiho: Shizuku and Momoi should also be here.
Shiho: But the four of them usually meet up after school to do stuff, so you might not want to wait to hand them your cards.
Saki: Right. That means I've gotta get a move on!
Emu: Have you already given your big sister her card, Shiho?
Shiho: No, I plan on giving it to her after I get home.
Saki: Then, that means we're in the same boat! I'm gonna give my card to Tsukasa after he gets home!
Emu: Me three! I hope we all get a chance to give out the cards we made to everyone☆
Saki: Yeah! For now, let's start by heading over to Minori's class!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Tenma Household]

Saki: (Exchanging cards in SEKAI was so much fun!)
Saki: (I'm glad everyone liked the messages I wrote... Now I can't wait to give Mom and everyone their cards too.)
Saki: (I hope everyone gets home soon!)
Mother: I'm back. Oh, Saki, you're home.
Saki: Oh, Mom, welcome back! Are you gonna start making dinner now?
Mother: I just got in the door, you know. I was thinking about having some tea first.
Saki: Oh...
Saki: Then, I'll make you some. You sit tight and take a load off!
Mother: You will? Thank you, Saki.
(Black cut)
Saki: Here you are♪ It's very hot, so please be careful.
Mother: Hehe. Thank you. Then, without further ado...
Saki: So, Mom, there's something I wanna give you.
Mother: Oh, you have something for me?
Saki: Ta-daa! I made you a card with a special message♪
Mother: Oh, thank you. I don't know what to say... Hehe. You made it so a bouquet of flowers pops out when you open it.
Saki: Hehe. It's White Day, so I want to take this opportunity to show just how much I appreciate you♪
Saki: I made the flowers for this bouquet using stickers. They're all your favorite kinds!
Mother: Hehe. They're lovely. Is it alright if I read your message?
Saki: No, wait! I wanna read it to you myself! Ahem...
Saki: “Thank you for being such an amazing person. Between your job and taking care of the house, I know you lead a very busy life.”
Saki: “I also know that I'm able to try new things and have fun because you work so hard to support me.”
Saki: “So, moving forward, I promise to help you as much as I possibly can!”
Mother: Thank you, Saki...
Mother: But seeing you do what you like is enough to put a big smile on my face.
Saki: Hehe. That makes me really happy...
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): I'm back!!
Saki: Oh, welcome back! Your timing couldn't have been better!
Saki: Here, Tsukasa! This is for you♪
Tsukasa: Hm? What's this...?
Saki: I made you a card with a special message for White Day!
Saki: You're trying to become a world-famous star, so I decided to make a starry sky out of rhinestones♪
Tsukasa: Oh, this is beautiful...! I like this deep blue card you chose. It makes these stars look all the more real!
Saki: I even snuck in the Pegasus constellation amongst these stars!
Tsukasa: What?! I never would've guessed... But I should expect nothing less of my little sister! You came up with a wonderful design!
Saki: Hehe. I'm glad you like it so much♪
Saki: Now, I'd like to read you the message I wrote!
Saki: “I think you're the coolest person in the world because you're always doing everything you can to make your dream of becoming a star a reality.”
Saki: “You keep finding new ways to amaze me, and I feel inspired every time to also chase after my dream♪”
Saki: “Things might get hard from time to time, but I'll always be rooting for you. So, let's both keep doing our best to make our dreams come true!”
Tsukasa: Wh...
Tsukasa: What a beautiful message! I'm so happy... M-My eyes...! I can't hold back these tears! That was so unbelievably moving!!!
Tsukasa: I'm also constantly encouraged by your cheerful demeanor and willingness to help others! You are without a doubt the best little sister in the whole wide world!!
Saki: Oh, you're exaggerating.
Saki: (Hehe. But I am glad that he likes it so much.)
Saki: Alright, that just leaves Dad♪ I hope he gets home soon.
Mother: He just sent me a message saying that he's very close.
Saki: Really? Then, I'll help make dinner in the meantime!
Saki: I wanna make it so he can start eating the second he gets home!
Tsukasa: In that case, I'll also lend a hand!
Saki: Thanks, Tsukasa! Let's surprise Dad by making him the best dinner ever!
(Black cut)
