1149_Saki Tenma_R3 Fun Like A Dream (event_162)

Gacha phrase: I'll give it everything I've got!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kagamine Rin)

[The night before the show]

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Okay, I'm all set for tomorrow!
Saki: The show's tomorrow... I can't believe it's already here.
Saki: But we've been working super duper hard to make sure we're able to put on the best performance ever!
Saki: I'm sure... Yeah, I know we're gonna!
Saki: ...
Saki: But still...
???: <Hiya, Sakki!>
Saki: Whoa, Rin! What's up?
Rin (Ln): <The show's tomorrow, right? I came over to see how you're doing!>
Saki: Oh...
Saki: I'm really glad you came. I'm actually feeling a little worried...
Rin (Ln): <You're worried?>
Saki: Yeah. I'm pretty sure we've done everything we can, and a part of me does feel really excited...
Saki: But I'm still worried that Free Cluster's fans aren't really gonna enjoy our performance.
Saki: A lot of people on social media don't seem happy that we're the ones opening for them...
Rin (Ln): <What?! I see...>
Saki: Yeah. I know we have to make sure those people also have fun, but...
Rin (Ln): <Sakki...>
Rin (Ln): <Don't worry!>
Saki: Huh...?
Rin (Ln): <After watching you and the others practice, Sakki, I know that you all work really hard to make sure that everybody has fun!>
Rin (Ln): <So I know they're gonna love your performance!>
Rin (Ln): <Don't worry! I guarantee that they're all gonna have lots of fun when you play!>
Saki: Rin...
Saki: You're right... Thanks!
Rin (Ln): <Oh, also! I just happen to know a magic spell that can help you relax when you're feeling nervous☆>
Saki: A magic spell...?
Rin (Ln): <Yeah, MEIKO and the others helped me come up with it!>
Rin (Ln): <First, open up your hand like this!>
Saki: Umm... Like this?
Rin (Ln): <Then, pretend to write the names of the people you care about the most on your palms, with your finger!>
Rin (Ln): <Make sure you're clearly picturing their faces in your head!>
Saki: Okay!
Saki: The people I care about the most... That's Ichi, Hona, Shiho...
Saki: Done...!
Rin (Ln): <Now, pretend to gobble them up!>
Saki: Huh? Uhh... Nom!
Saki: Oh...
Saki: (That's weird... My heart is starting to feel really warm...)
Rin (Ln): <How do you feel? Less nervous?>
Saki: Yeah...! I think I feel a lot better now!
Rin (Ln): <Really? That's great!>
Rin (Ln): <This spell's designed to make it feel like those people are right next to you!>
Saki: Like they're right next to me...?
Rin (Ln): <Yup! It's always comforting to know that the people you care about most are right there with you, yeah?>
Rin (Ln): <That's why we came up with a spell that makes it feel like they're right there!>
Saki: I see. That explains why I feel so relieved.
Saki: Oh...!
Rin (Ln): <Sakki?>
Saki: Thanks, Rin...! I just remembered something big, thanks to you.
Saki: I'm still a little worried about tomorrow's show. A part of me can't help but feel nervous...
Saki: But I'm not going out there alone.
Saki: Ichi, Hona, Shiho... All my favorite people are gonna be there with me.
Saki: And you and the others will be there, rooting for us...
Saki: So, I'm starting to think that we'll do just fine!
Rin (Ln): <Yeah! We'll be right there cheering for you!>
Saki: Hehe. Thanks!
Saki: We're gonna put on the best show ever tomorrow!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Diner]

Saki: We all have our drinks, right?! So...
Saki: Here's to a job well done! Cheers!
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Cheers! Cheers.
Saki: Mmm! Why does the first glass of juice after a show always taste so good?!
Honami: Probably because we all worked so hard.
Ichika: Thank goodness it ended up going so well.
Shiho: The crowd seemed to like it. I'm pretty sure we put on the best performance we possibly could at this point.
Saki: Oh, I know! Why don't we just move right into a compliment conference right here?
Ichika: Compliment conference?
Shiho: Another weird idea...
Saki: Hey, we put on a super duper amazing show today! I wanna talk about all the things we did well!
Saki: We can have our usual debrief right after. So, Shiho, throw me a bone!
Shiho: Yeah, alright... We did work pretty hard this time around.
Saki: Yay! You two are also okay with this, right, Ichi, Hona?
Honami: Yes, I'd also like to take this opportunity to compliment how well you all did.
Saki: Then, I'll start by showering all of you with love and praise!
Ichika: Now that I know I'm going to be praised, I'm starting to get a little anxious...
Saki: Then I'll start with anxious Ichi over here!
Saki: What did you do well...? Basically, everything! The way you sang and played your guitar was so powerful... I know you blew the crowd away!
Ichika: Saki...
Saki: Oh, that also goes for your Blue Moments solo!
Saki: The arrangement we came up with was really tricky, so it can't have been easy... But seeing you work hard in practice was a huge source of motivation for me!
Saki: And then you totally nailed it during the show!
Ichika: Thanks... But I couldn't have done it without all of you.
Ichika: Shiho, you gave me a ton of great advice as we practiced our solos. All of you really helped me out.
Shiho: What are friends for?
Saki: Hehe♪ Alright, Shiho, you're up next!
Saki: You were awesome during the show, but you really carried us while we were prepping for it too.
Saki: It was pretty tough for a bit after we got announced and we saw all those comments online...
Saki: But then you reminded us that pros have their duty, and that all we can do is do our best.
Saki: So, thank you!
Shiho: All I did was say what was on my mind.
Saki: Next, Hona, you're up!
Saki: You did an amazing job of keeping us moving forward during practice and during the show!
Saki: Your drums gave me so much power during the show, especially!
Honami: Really...?
Ichika: I agree. The way you started off the show made it clear that you were determined to succeed. That was really encouraging.
Honami: I see... My goal was to lead you all and support you along the way with my drums.
Honami: So I'm glad that you all understood my feelings.
Saki: Finally, it's my turn to praise myself!
Shiho: Wait, you're gonna praise yourself?
Saki: Yeah! I mean, I also worked super hard for this♪
Saki: Oh, but... Since we're here, Shiho, can you try showering me with praise?
Shiho: Huh...?
Shiho: Alright, fine. It is true that you worked really hard.
Shiho: Okay, let's see... Remember how we suddenly decided to rearrange your part during the rehearsal?
Shiho: We made that change just a few hours before the show, but you nailed it.
Shiho: I was reminded again just how adaptable you are.
Saki: ...! Thank you so much, Shiho!
Ichika: Come to think of it, didn't you basically start over from scratch while we were in the green room?
Ichika: The way you obsessed over it until the last minute made me want to do everything I could to make sure we succeeded.
Saki: Hehe...
Honami: I also thought you did a wonderful job during the show, Saki. You just seemed to have so much fun getting the audience going.
Honami: They probably couldn't help but smile after seeing you play for them.
Saki: Wow... I wasn't expecting to be showered with this much praise...!
Saki: I'm so happy that my cheeks might melt away!
Ichika: Melt?
Saki: But really, all of us worked super hard for this!
Ichika: Yeah. It was our first big arena show, and we were opening for Ms. Naruse and her band on top of that. There was a lot of pressure, and I was honestly pretty worried...
Ichika: But we were able to succeed because we all worked together.
Shiho: I agree.
Saki: Me too! I feel like we'll be able to do anything as long as we stick together!
Saki: So, let's keep producing amazing music for everyone as Leo/need forever and ever♪
(Black cut)
