1168_Saki Tenma_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Gacha phrase: I'm going to treasure this forever♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Haruka Kiritani, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Mm... Hmm...
Saki: *Mumble* Five more minutes... *Mumble*
Rin (Ln): <Rin-Rin-Riiiin☆ Good morning, Sakki!>
Saki: Wah! Huh... Rin?!
MEIKO (Ln): <We're here too.>
Saki: Everyone!
Rin (Ln): <Here we go! One, two, three!>
Everyone: <Happy birthday!> <Happy birthday.>
Saki: Wow! Thanks, everyone! I didn't expect to get birthday wishes first thing in the morning!
Rin (Ln): <Woohoo! That means it was a good surprise☆>
Luka (Ln): <Sorry about that. It looked like you were about to go back to your nice and cozy sleep.>
Saki: Huh, you saw that?! That's a little embarrassing...
Miku (Ln): <Hehe. We did think maybe it was a bit rude to wake you up for a birthday cheer...>
Miku (Ln): <But if we helped keep you from rolling over and going back to bed, maybe it's all for the best.>
Saki: Hehehe. Thanks to you, I'm wide awake! What a great start to the day!
KAITO (Ln): <You literally just woke up, and you already have so much energy...>
Len (Ln): <That's our Saki.>
Miku (Ln): <Oh, right. You're hanging out with friends today after school, and then you're coming here, right?>
Saki: Yeah! It sounds like Ichi and the others have put some stuff together. I'm really looking forward to it!
Rin (Ln): <That sounds great! You'll have to tell us all about it later♪>
Miku (Ln): <We'll see you tonight, then. We still have some party setup to do.>
Saki: Yeah, see you later!
Saki: Hehehe... Today is gonna be a great day, I can feel it♪
Tsukasa: Saki! Breakfast is ready!
Saki: Okay♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Saki: (Hm hm hmm♪ Tsukasa's special birthday omelet was so tasty!)
Saki: (The eggs were so fluffy and gooey, and there was sooo much cheese... What a great breakfast♪)
(Background change)
Emu: Ah, everyone! Saki's here!
Saki: Huh?
Shiho: Happy birthday, Saki.
Ichika, Honami, Haruka & Emu: Happy birthday!
Saki: Thanks, everyone! Were you all waiting for me?
Ichika: We talked it over, and we thought it'd be nice to all wish you a happy birthday first thing in the morning.
Emu: Here you go! This is my present for you☆
Saki: Wow, look at all the sparkly stickers!
Emu: You love making your notebooks all colorful and happy with markers, right, Saki?
Emu: I thought these sparkly stickers would help you make them even more wonderhoy♪
Saki: Thanks, Emu! I'm gonna start using them today!
Haruka: I'll go next, then. This is from a plushie series I really love, so I hope you'll like it too.
Saki: It's...it's so cute! Look, the penguin's playing a harmonica!
Haruka: The set's called Musical Penguins. There are all sorts of others too, like a guitarist penguin and a drummer penguin.
Saki: Really?! That means we could make a Leo/need Penguin Edition!
Shiho: Are you actually going to?
Honami: We'll have to work together to collect them.
Ichika: Hehe. Okay, the last gift's from us.
Saki: Wow, what's this? A “Surprise Fun Bag”?
Honami: We each put our presents inside it. Your job is to guess which present is from whom.
Saki: Oh, that'll be easy! This is why they call me the Childhood Friend Connoisseur♪
Shiho: There she goes again...
Saki: Up first we have... An herbarium bottle! And there's a little plate with my name... Wait, is this handmade?!
Haruka: There's even a tiny keyboard in there. The flowers are arranged beautifully too...
Saki: Hmm... The person who made this has to be Hona, with her dexterous fingers!
Honami: Oh, that's right! I chose bright, vibrant flowers and little decorations that remind me of you.
Saki: Thanks, Hona! I'll keep it in my room and look at it every day!
Saki: Okay, so, next is... This slightly bigger one!
Emu: Oh, it's a polar bear peeking his head up out of a glass!
Haruka: That's adorable. Is it a decoration?
Saki: No, it says it's a humidifier! When it's full of water, it makes it look like the polar bear's in a pool!
Haruka: I see...
Haruka: A humidifier makes me think of Ichika, since she's your vocalist... But Hinomori seems more familiar with cute animal merch like this.
Saki: I know, right? Hmm... Okay, I think it's probably Ichi!
Emu: Huh?! Why's that?
Saki: One, Ichi and were talking just a little while ago about how dry it's been lately... And two, Shiho keeps sneaking peeks at the bear!
Shiho: I-I wasn't looking at it that much.
Ichika: Hehe, you got it.
Saki: Woohoo, I did it! Thanks so much, Ichi!
Saki: That means...this hand cream is from Shiho?
Shiho: That's right. It dries fast, so it's easy to use before a performance—
Saki: Wow, it smells so nice!
Shiho: Or right now, I guess.
Saki: And wow, it really does dry right away! Thanks, Shiho! I'll use it every day!
Saki: Hehehe... All these kind presents! I'm so happy!
Ichika: Actually, Saki, that's not everything.
Saki: What?!
Emu: Ta-daaa☆ Here's your special stamp rally sheet, made by us!
Saki: A stamp rally...?
Saki: Ah, all the spaces have people's names in them!
Honami: We'd like you to go get special “happy birthday” stamps from the people whose names are written on the sheet.
Honami: We have a completion prize for you too, so do your best to collect them all.
Emu: And so! Time for our stamps! Stamp☆
Saki: Oh, look at all the stars! What a cute design!
Emu: Right?♪ I carved in a bunch of pretty stars because you're so sparkly yourself, Saki!
Saki: Huh? Carved...?
Haruka: All of us handmade our own stamps.
Saki: Wait, whaaat?!
Shiho: You remember Saishi Kobo, the stationery company we did the promo event for? They sell make-your-own-stamp kits.
Shiho: And that sounded like the kind of thing you'd love, so we got a bunch of people together for it.
Saki: You guys...
Saki: Awww, thank you all so much!!!
Honami: Oh, Saki...
Ichika: Okay, let's stamp our stamps too.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: Happy birthday, Saki!
Saki: Thank you, Minori! I'll have these snacks for snacktime today!
Minori: Oh, right, do you have your stamp rally sheet?
Saki: I sure do! Did you make a stamp too?
Minori: Yeah! I'm pretty proud of it♪
Minori: Let's see, my spot is here and down and... Stamp!
Saki: Wait, this doggy...!
Minori: It's Samo!
Minori: I made it using Samo as live reference!
Saki: I knew it! You even included his paw pads. This is sooo cute!
Saki: Oh, that reminds me...
Saki: Minori, do you know what the heart shape and teardrop shape in these two boxes are?
Minori: Huh? Oh, um, those...
???: Those are for our stamps, of course!
Saki: Huh?
Airi: Happy birthday, Saki♪
Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Saki: Airi! Shizuku! Thank you both so much!
Saki: Um, you said stamps?
Shizuku: Yes, Haruka and the others told us all about the plan, so we made some too. Shall we stamp them for you?
Saki: O-Of course! Please do!
Airi: Let's start with mine.
Airi: Here's your special Airi...heart stamp!
Saki: Wow! So many hearts! It's so cute!
Saki: And it even has your name in the design too! Oh, I'm going to treasure this forever!
Airi: I'm glad you like it. And keep on being a great fan, okay?
Saki: Of course!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school]

[Nonogi Park]

Ichika: You're making great progress on the stamp rally.
Saki: Yeah! I got Minori's, Airi's, and Shizuku's over lunch, so I only have two left to go!
Saki: I never thought I'd get stamps from these two... I'm really looking forward to it♪
Shiho: You've already contacted them, right?
Honami: Right. I just got a message saying they'd arrived, so they should be...
Saki: Ah, Kanade! Asahina!
Kanade: There you are. I'm glad we found you.
Kanade: Happy birthday, Tenma.
Mafuyu: Happy birthday. Sorry to make you come all the way out here.
Saki: Not at all! I'm very glad I got to see you two on my birthday!
Kanade: I'm glad I got to see you too.
Kanade: Oh, right. We have stamps for you.
Kanade: I wasn't really sure what would be best, so mine is kind of standard... But here.
Mafuyu: Please allow me, too.
Saki: Thank you both very much!
Kanade: Oh, also... Here, this is for you. Your present. Mafuyu and I picked it out together.
Saki: Wow, a present from the two of you?! Um, can I open it right now?
Mafuyu: Of course.
Saki: Ah, a ribbon scrunchie!
Kanade: We asked Ms. Mochizuki and Hoshino for advice on the color and so on.
Saki: Oh, you did?!
Saki: The ribbon is so frilly and cute, and the ivory color feels energizing... This is just perfect! I'll start wearing it tomorrow!
Kanade: Great.
Saki: Thank you, too! Ichi, Hona!
Kanade: Well, we should probably get going. See you later.
Saki: Okay! Thank you both so, so much!
Saki: Phew... Is it really okay for this many good things to happen in one day?
Ichika: Why not? You only get one birthday a year.
Shiho: Don't forget, you still have one last present.
Saki: One last...?
Saki: Oh! The stamp rally prize!
Honami: Hehe. Now that you've collected all the stamps, Saki, here's a present from the three of us to you.
Saki: Huh? A ticket? Let's see... “This ticket can be exchanged for anything Saki Tenma wishes”...
Saki: Huh?! Anything? You mean anything anything?!
Ichika: Anything we can make happen, at least.
Shiho: And no “I wish for infinite wishes” stuff either.
Saki: Aww, I wasn't going to say that!
Saki: Still, a ticket for anything! What should I use it for?
Shiho: It's not like it expires, so you don't have to use it right away—
Saki: Okay, I've got it! I wanna buy disposable cameras and hold a photoshoot with everyone! Right now!
Ichika: A photoshoot?
Saki: I mean, just look around! Isn't this dusky lighting so perfect? We could take some awesome photos together!
Saki: Also...
Saki: It's been such a super awesome day! I want some photos to remember it by!
Ichika: That sounds like a plan, then.
Honami: But where do they even sell disposable cameras nowadays?
Shiho: Probably an appliance store?
Saki: Okay, then! Let's all go to the appliance store♪
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000441/bg_s000441.webp)
Kohane: Happy birthday, Saki! I heard all about your stamp rally from Ichika.
Kohane: I'll make a birthday stamp of my own when I get home. I'll buy you a present too, so look forward to it.
Toya: Happy birthday, Saki. Handmade stamps are such a wonderful idea. You truly have good friends.
Toya: I'm sure that speaks to your own good qualities as a person, too. All the best and keep on shining, Saki.
Tsukasa: Sakiii! I said it already this morning, but I'll say it a thousand times! Happy birthdaaay!!!
Nene: Happy birthday, Tenma. I'm sorry I couldn't join the fun; we had rehearsals.
Nene: Let's celebrate properly the next time we meet up. Let's go out for sweets or something sometime.
Emu: Oooh, that's a great idea! Okay, then... I'll invite you to an all-you-can-eat buffet☆
Tsukasa: What?! Then I'll bring you to a gourmet barbeque place, Saki!
Rui: Then I'll come up with a special surprise for after each meal. Three meals means...quite a few chances to try new things.
Minori: Happy birthday again, Saki! I was so happy you liked my stamp!
Haruka: All the stamps were so cute. Everyone's personalities really came through in their designs.
Airi: I liked Shizuku's stamp best, myself. You did a little picture of Saki in the middle, right?
Shizuku: Yes. I imparted it with my best wishes for her to keep having wonderful days with Shii.
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Saki!
Kanade: Um... Happy birthday, Tenma. I'm glad you liked your present.
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Saki♪ Hope this next year's a great one for you!
Mizuki: Also hey, if you two were going to give Saki a present you should have told me! I wanted to help brainstorm too!
Mafuyu: Hehe, sorry about that. We'll loop you in next time.
Mizuki: Pinky promise me! Saki! I'll have a present for you too next time!
Honami: I'm so happy you enjoyed your stamp rally.
Ichika: We'll have to thank everyone again for agreeing to help.
Shiho: Still, to think she used her ticket on a photoshoot... Well, as long as she had fun, it's fine by me.
Honami: She said she'll get the photos developed soon. I can't wait to see how they turned out.
Ichika: Happy birthday again, Saki! Here's to many more years together, as bandmates and as friends.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Everyone! Thank you all so much for today!
Saki: I got so many warm wishes from my family and my friends. I'm so happy, I feel like my heart might burst!
Saki: So just wait! I'll pay back all this happiness to all of you... No, I'll bring you even more than I got!
Saki: We'll bring happiness to everyone, with our music and our shows! We've got so much more in store!
(Black cut)
