1190_Saki Tenma_R4 The Ace! (event_171)

Gacha phrase: One more ball!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Weekend]

[SpoJoy Park]

Saki: Are you ready to have fun, you guys?!
Honami & Ichika: Y-Yeah...
Saki: I can't hear you! One more time! Are you ready?!
Honami & Ichika: Yeah!
Shiho: You sound even more excited than usual.
Ichika: She's been like this since the walk home yesterday. Why'd you have us gather at SpoJoy Park?
Saki: Because we've been practicing nonstop lately, y'know? It's important for us to take our minds off of things by getting in a little exercise!
Shiho: Yeah, it is important for us to give our minds a rest when we can, but you're just here to play, aren't you...?
Saki: Hehe. Was it that obvious?
Ichika: Hehe. Since Saki went out of her way to invite us, let's also try to have as much fun as we can.
Honami: Then, why don't we start by doing some warm-up stretches?
Saki: Alright, we're gonna have so much fun today!
(Black cut)
Ichika: You hit the first pitch...! That's really impressive.
Saki: Alright, I'm taking the box!
Saki: Don't look away, Shiho! You gotta watch me knock it out of the park!
Saki: I just need to press this button, and... Oh, it's starting!
Shiho: Watch closely and get your timing right. The ball will fly out when the pitcher on the screen throws.
Saki: Watch closely... Watch closely... Wait, now!
Shiho: You swung after the ball passed you...
Saki: I did?! Then, I've gotta start swinging a lot faster... Now! Wh-Why can't I hit it?!
Ichika: That's four hits in a row. You're starting to get a good arc on it, so how would you feel about going for a home run next...?
Honami: I don't know... That still sounds really hard, but I could give it a try.
Saki: Now I see... I think I have a better idea of what I need to do after watching Hona.
Saki: Alright, I'll get it right this time...!
Shiho: Hey, nice one.
(Black cut)
Saki & Ichika: Nooow! Now!
Shiho: The goal of this game is to make as many shots as you can in one minute... But the interesting part is how it's brought their personalities to the surface.
Honami: Ichika's trying to be as precise as possible with each shot, while Saki...
Saki: Go! Go! Go!
Shiho: She's trying to take as many shots as possible. So, who's gonna win?
Saki: Ichi, how many points do you have?!
Ichika: Ten. How about you, Saki?
Saki: Eight! I'm losing, but it's not over yet!!
Honami: Wow, Saki just scored two more points back to back!
Ichika: Oh, that's time... I would've won, if only that last shot made it in...
(Black cut)
Saki: No, I hit the net! I'm so sorry, Hona!
Honami: That's okay. It's still our match point, so let's try to stay calm and close things out.
Shiho: Let's keep our comeback alive, Ichika.
Ichika: Alright, ready...? Service!
Shiho: That's good, but it's still returnable...! Huh?
Saki: Nice smash, Hona! I'll finish things off like... This!
Honami: Wow...! Nice volley!
Saki: Yay! Hona, high five!
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Saki: *Sigh* That was so much fun! This day just flew by.
Ichika: I also got really excited.
Saki: Our free-throw battle did end up being really close! I'm definitely gonna win the next time we visit!
Shiho: You're already talking about next time?
Honami: Still, Saki, you have so much stamina now. You don't seem tired at all after doing all those activities.
Saki: Heh heh. Feel free to start calling me Leo/need's Queen of Stamina.
Ichika: Q-Queen of Stamina...?
Shiho: Doesn't that title belong to Honami?
Saki: Wait, you're right...! Then, I'll be the first queen in line to the throne!
Honami: I don't think you're considered a queen if you're still in line for the throne...
Saki: Yeah, I know... But being second only to you is still a really amazing thing♪ So, I'm fine just being first in line!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: Humhumhumm♪ Humhmhumm♪
Saki: Hehe. I ended up buying so much stuff. I can't wait to see what Ichi and the others bring!
Luka (Ln): You're here much earlier than usual, Saki.
Saki: Hi, Luka! The thing is, I need to get some stuff set up!
Luka (Ln): Set up...? Oh, the bag you're holding is full of snacks and juice. Are you having a party?
Saki: Yes! After practice, we're gonna throw a “Let's Keep Doing Our Best Together” party!
Luka (Ln): That sounds like fun. Also, the title for your party... Did you come up with it, Saki?
Saki: Huh? Yes, that's right... How did you know?!
Luka (Ln): Hehe. Because it had you written all over it.
Luka (Ln): Hold on a second. Are you throwing this party because of what happened the other day?
Saki: Oh...
Saki: Yes, that's right.
Saki: I know we told you guys all about it the other day, but it was such a strange dream. I honestly wished that some of the things that happened were real...
Saki: But even though the us in that dream were all friends, we weren't really close.
Saki: The me in that dream thought it was a sad situation, but she didn't do anything to fix it. That was really frustrating...
Luka (Ln): Saki...
Saki: But I was also able to make some really important realizations!
Saki: How we get to work as a band every single day, go to school and study together...
Saki: We can't take any of those things for granted.
Saki: So... How do I put it? I want to cherish the time we get to spend together even more!
Saki: That's why I suggested we throw a “Let's Keep Doing Our Best Together” party!
Luka (Ln): Hehe. That's so wonderful. I'm sure Ichika and the others feel the same way.
Saki: Hehe♪ I'm guessing they're out buying their favorite snacks right now.
Luka (Ln): Is that so? I'm looking forward to seeing what they all bring.
Saki: Oh...!
Luka (Ln): Right on cue.
Ichika: Right on cue...?
Shiho: Are you planning something weird again?
Saki: Heh heh heh. Who's to say?!
Saki: More importantly, did you all remember to bring snacks today?
Honami: Yes, I bought some cookies and madeleines at the shop I mentioned the other day.
Honami: Their baked goods are really delicious and have the perfect texture.
Saki: Wow, they smell delicious! They probably are amazing!
Ichika: I decided to buy some drinks since I knew that you'd all be getting snacks.
Ichika: I knew you'd be getting drinks too, Saki... But I figured it wouldn't be easy to bring enough for everyone on your own.
Saki: Thanks so much, Ichi! Now we can have as much as we like to drink during our party!
Shiho: Ichika's drinks balance things out between us. I sorta just bought these without much thought.
Saki: Wow, an assorted set of snacks! Did you get this for me, Shiho?!
Shiho: No, they're for everyone. Lemme guess, Saki. You bought a bunch of potato chips like usual.
Saki: Hehe. That's right♪ I can't wait to have them with you guys!
Honami: I understand why you're excited, but they'll have to wait until we've finished practicing.
Ichika: You, Miku and the others are also invited, Luka. We'll need to tell them later.
Luka (Ln): Oh, we can join?
Saki: Of course! We want to take this opportunity to say, “We look forward to working with you guys moving forward!”
Luka (Ln): Thank you all very much.
Luka (Ln): But first, practice. I'll go get Miku and them.
Shiho: Alright, we should get everything set up.
Saki: Okay!
Saki: (Hehe. I can't wait to have that party with everyone! Also...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Saki: How we get to work as a band every single day, go to school and study together...
Saki: We can't take any of those things for granted.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Saki: Ichi! Hona! Shiho! Let's have another great practice today!
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Yeah!
(Black cut)
