1255_Saki Tenma_R4 Lucky Ice Cream! (event_181)

Skill name: Packed With Excitement
Gacha phrase: Hey, check it out! My stick says "Winner!"

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: Okay, let's stop here for today.
Miku (Ln): That part you were struggling with sounds much better now, don't you think?
Ichika: Yeah, I think we've finally gotten the hang of it.
Shiho: But there's not much time until the festival, so we'll need to maintain our focus and keep working on it tomorrow.
Honami: In that case, we can set aside some time to practice this song a little more.
Ichika: Okay. Then, see you all tomorrow.
Saki: Not so fast!!
Saki: There's something really important about the festival that we haven't talked about yet!
Honami: Huh? Did we miss something...?
Saki: Something super duper important! Since we're visiting that island—
Saki: We have to come up with a plan for maximizing our fun!
Shiho: I had a feeling...
Saki: But! But! It's been so long since we last went on a trip together!
Ichika: Yeah, we have basically only been practicing or writing songs lately...
Honami: We should have some time to go sightseeing, so it might be good for us to rest and relax.
Saki: Exactly! Especially since Emu, Minori and everybody are also gonna be there!
Miku (Ln): Hey, that sounds like fun.
Saki: They've also been super busy lately, so the odds of us getting another chance like this soon are really low, right?
Saki: So, let's go around the island and create a lot of fun memories together!
Luka (Ln): By the way, what's the island where this festival's taking place like?
Saki: Oh, Luka, thank you for asking!
Saki: It's apparently a place with lots of greenery and amazing views! With the sea ranking on top! It's supposed to be really pretty♪
Ichika: The sea surrounding a remote island... It probably looks completely different from what I've seen before.
Saki: Oh, also, there's a shrine that's become a really popular tourist attraction. It's supposed to feel all mysterious because it's in the middle of a forest!
Honami: While we're there, it might be good for us to pay our respects and wish for the festival and our solo show to succeed.
Saki: Then there's the zoo. Oh, and their famous salty gelato looked really yummy!
Saki: That reminds me. I heard that the people running the festival are preparing a bunch of different activities for us, and—
Shiho: This is way too much information for us to remember all at once.
Saki: But I'm really excited! I've been doing a lot of research!
Luka (Ln): Hehe. I can tell that there's a lot of fun waiting to be had.
Ichika: I'd also like to see and do as much as I can while I'm there.
Saki: Oh, you can see everything on the island's website! Let's see... Found it! Here, take a look!
Honami: Wow, it's crystal clear...
Miku (Ln): Whoa, I didn't know the sea could be this blue.
Saki: Isn't it amazing?! I can't wait to see it with my own eyes!
Saki: Alright, now that we're all excited about this trip, let's start coming up with a super fun vacation plan together!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Oh, come in!
Tsukasa: Ah, I had a feeling that you were still awake.
Saki: Yup! I was just packing for the festival!
Tsukasa: I see. Even though we won't be leaving for a while, you're already getting ready. It's wonderful to see my little sister planning ahead—
Tsukasa: Wait, why are you packing so many bags?!
Saki: Hehe... I'm up to three now after packing all this stuff I want to take with me.
Tsukasa: This bag looks like it's full of card games and board games...
Tsukasa: And what's this? A beach ball...? I'm also seeing a whole slew of other beach toys.
Saki: You gotta have a beach ball if you're going to the beach! The sea's gonna be really pretty, so we have to enjoy it!
Tsukasa: Huh?! Is this one full of snacks?!
Saki: I decided to pack extra snacks to make sure there's enough for all of us!
Tsukasa: But three bags seems like too many, don't you think...?
Saki: Oh, you think so too...? I know I need to cut back on what I'm taking...
Saki: But! But! I want to have as much fun as possible, so I wanna take everything.
Tsukasa: Hmm...
Tsukasa: In that case, you should try to get everything to fit into two bags instead of three.
Tsukasa: I'll bring one of them with me.
Saki: Wait, are you sure?!
Tsukasa: Yes, since this is such a rare opportunity. I understand why you wish to have as much fun as you possibly can.
Tsukasa: More importantly... Seeing you have fun makes me happy!
Saki: Awww! Thanks, Tsukasa!!
Tsukasa: Of course! Let's both get maximum enjoyment out of the festival and create many fun memories! Promise your big brother that you will!
Saki: Yeah, I will! I'm gonna create three times as many fun memories as you!
Tsukasa: What?! Then, I'll make ten times that amount!
Saki: Fine, I'll just make a hundred times that♪
Saki: Wait, how many is that...?
Tsukasa: I don't know!
Tsukasa: In any case, let's both have as much fun as we can!
Saki: Yeah...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[The day after Dream Tune Festa]

[Beach]

Saki: Alright, it's playtime!
Emu: Woohoo! Seaside fun in the shining sun!
Ichika: You two sound so excited.
Saki: Hehe♪ We gotta have as much fun as we can before we have to catch our ferry back home!
Minori: Especially since we're all gathered like this! We should make lots of fun memories together before going home!
Haruka: Alright, what should we do first?
Saki: Since we're on such a beautiful beach, we should make some sandcastles together♪
Emu: Wow, that sounds like fun! Let's get a jumbo-sized one built in a jiffy!
(Black cut)
Ichika: A sandcastle... Where should we begin?
Honami: It'll collapse if we don't give it a strong foundation, so why don't we start there?
Haruka: We'll also want to build a wall around it.
Kohane: Hehe. It's already starting to sound so grand. I'll start constructing the wall around the base.
Shiho: Oh, their team sounds really organized...
Saki: Since we're building one, we gotta make it super duper big!
Emu: Oh, I know! I'll add another really big mountain here♪
Minori: Huh? It keeps collapsing for some reason...! At this rate, it isn't gonna turn out the way we want!
Shiho: Our team is acting based on impulse...
Shiho: Building as you go is fine and all, but you need to harden the sand. Just add a bit of water like this.
Minori: Oh, it's keeping its shape now! Alright, that means we can make it even bigger!
(Black cut)
Saki: Okay, this is good! Both teams have been able to express themselves through their castles.
Ichika: Yeah. Deciding a winner won't be easy.
Emu, Saki & Minori: Oh nooo!!
Kohane: The wave made them collapse...
Shiho: Seriously...? After all that work, this is how it ends?
(Black cut)
Saki: So, let's repurpose our collapsed castles! It's time to play that classic beach game! Sand Pile Demolition!
Saki: We'll stand this stick up in the mound of sand, and whoever makes it fall has to go buy drinks for everyone!
Shiho: Alright, I'll start us off. Since I'm going first, I'll take just a little and see how things go.
Shiho: *Nod* All done. You're next, Kohane.
Kohane: O-Okay! Umm... How about...this much?
Ichika: You can probably take more than that.
Kohane: Huh? Did I not take enough?
Emu: Here goes nothing! Wonderhoy scoop!
Kohane: Wow...! That was amazing, Emu.
Saki: Then, I'm also gonna go for broke!
Minori: Wait, you're all taking so much! There's hardly any sand left!
(Black cut)
Shiho: The ball's going towards you, Otori!
Emu: Alright, it's time to unleash my ultimate beach volleyball move! Here's my supermassive spike!!
Honami: I see it! Hup!!
Minori: Oh no! They blocked it!
Saki: Finish it, Haruka!
Haruka: I'll end it here! Hah!
Minori: Oof.
Ichika: A-Are you okay?!
Haruka: I'm so sorry! That hit you square in the face, didn't it...?!
Minori: Hehehe... That was a little startling, but I'm fine since it's just a beach ball!
Minori: If anything, I couldn't feel happier since I was so focused on your special spike right up until the second the ball hit me...!
Saki: Haha. Minori's totally acting like one of your fans now!
(Black cut)
Saki: Phew... Let's take a quick break!
Shiho: You finally feel like taking one? You've been running around nonstop for a while now.
Saki: That's 'cause it'd be a waste to spend even a second not having fun!
???: <You two seem to be enjoying this island very much.>
Saki: Miku! Luka!
Luka (Ln): <How have things been? Have you been able to create some nice memories?>
Saki: Yes, a lot of them!
Saki: While we've been here, I've just been having so much fun! Even if I had an eternity, it wouldn't feel like enough time!
Luka (Ln): <I see. In that case, I'm glad.>
Miku (Ln): <Oh...>
Miku (Ln): <This is incredible. The sea's the same color as in that picture you showed us, Saki. It really is beautiful...>
Saki: Isn't it?!
Saki: Oh, that reminds me! I actually found a really great spot just now. The sea looks even prettier from there♪
Miku (Ln): <Oh, I'd love to see that.>
Saki: Hehe. Then, let's go there together!
Luka (Ln): <Hehe. It sounds like she's far from finished having fun.>
Shiho: Yeah.
(Black cut)
