1265_Saki Tenma_R2 Picking Up On Feelings! (event_182)

Skill name: Operation: Boost Engagement

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Now then, I'd like to officially begin our songwriting camp♪
Ichika: Hehe. I'm glad to be here. That was to hype ourselves up, right?
Saki: Good job remembering, Ichi, I'm proud of you!
Saki: This new song is gonna be for a solo show...
Saki: I really hope we can make something amazing for the people who've cheered us on!
Ichika: Me too. And it'll be our first solo show as pros... I think this song is going to end up meaning a lot both to us and to our audience.
Ichika: So... Let's absolutely make it great.
Saki: Yeah, let's do our best!
Saki: Alrighty, I'm gonna pick up on eeeverything you're feeling to make this thing happen!
Ichika: This'll be the opposite of how we made our debut song.
Saki: Right! I was able to write something really great thanks to your help then...
Saki: So this time, I'm gonna translate your thoughts into sound. I even studied up ahead of time♪
Ichika: Studied up?
Saki: I went back and listened to all the songs you've written and the ones you told me you liked!
Saki: So, I've got your tastes down pat♪
Ichika: You went that far...? Now I'm a little embarrassed.
Ichika: But thank you.
Saki: Hehe, anything to make the best song ever!
Saki: Anyway, I guess we can start by figuring out the general vibe. Do you have any ideas for the song, Ichi?
Ichika: Yeah, I actually have my basic idea down. I'm thinking...
Ichika: I want to thank all our fans for coming into our lives.
Ichika: Us being able to work as pros and hold this solo show... It's all possible because of the people who've cheered us on.
Ichika: So, I'd like this song to be our way of showing our gratitude... How does that sound?
Saki: Wow... Ichi, this is amazing...!
Saki: I was thinking the same thing! I was hoping we could thank our fans...!
Saki: Hehehe, I guess we were in the same boat.
Ichika: I see... That's kind of a nice thought.
Ichika: Then, let's work with “Thank you for coming into my life” as our theme.
Saki: Yeah! Now, Ichi, I wanna keep hearing all about what you're feeling!
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Ichika: That's just a rough melody for the chorus, but how did it sound?
Saki: Really great! It's bright, refreshing and... Like getting handed a thank-you bouquet!
Saki: And just a little extra touch would be enough to add in the message that we'll always be with them, don't you think?
Saki: For example... We could let the sound linger at the end to make it feel like things are continuing on into the future!
Ichika: Letting it linger to send a message... Yeah, I like that idea. Let's try it out.
Saki: Okay!
Saki: Hey, Ichi, wanna take a break first?
Ichika: A break?
Saki: I mean, we've been at this for a while now. I figured you might be getting tired.
Ichika: Oh, you're right, it's been this long already... I was so engrossed that I didn't notice at all.
Saki: It's hard not to lose track of time when you're all focused, huh... Oh, hold on just a second!
(Black cut)
Saki: Thank you for waiting! Here you go, Ichi. One mixed fruit milk, free for the drinking!
Ichika: Oh, you don't mind? I was just thinking it'd be nice to have something sweet.
Saki: Weren't you just? I figured you'd want some after using your head so much!
Saki: I totally picked up on what you were feeling, huh!
Ichika: Thanks. That's one thing I definitely didn't expect you to pick up on.
Saki: Heh heh heh... I've got plenty more where that came from! You see, I actually have a whole stock of other drinks♪
Saki: I've got coffee for when you get too sleepy... And even FizzYum Cider for when you want something electrifying!
Ichika: Wait, you prepared all this...?!
Saki: Like I said, I wanna pick up on eeeverything you're feeling and make this the best song ever!
Ichika: Saki...
Ichika: Thanks. I'm really happy you feel that way.
Ichika: That being said, I think I'd start feeling bloated if I drank all that...
Saki: You don't have to drink it all! Just let me know if you do want something!
Ichika: Hehe. When the time comes, I'll take you up on the hospitality.
Saki: Perfect!
Saki: (Hehehe. Ichi's happy, so I'm glad I got all this stuff ready.)
Saki: (Alright, I'm gonna keep picking up on all the stuff she's feeling...)
Saki: (And we're gonna do everything we can to make this song touch people's hearts!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Saki: Humhmhumm♪ Humhumm♪
Saki: Shiho's video will have tons of Phennys... And for Ichi's... It could be cute to throw the spotlight on yakisoba buns♪
Ichika: Thanks for waiting, Saki. Sorry we took so long, the school store was packed and...
Ichika: Oh, what's that you're writing?
Saki: Hehehe, this notebook is for my master plan!
Shiho: Master plan?
Saki: Yup! It's really coming together, so I guess I'll do the reveal now♪
Saki: Here it comes... Ta-daaa!
Honami: Umm... “Operation: Boost Leo/need's Engagement”?
Shiho: So it's another one of your weird ideas...
Saki: It's not a weird idea! I thought this through long and hard for the good of Leo/need!
Ichika: You did write down quite a lot... But why is the plan to boost engagement?
Saki: Heh heh heh... I'm glad you asked!
Saki: Your song is really making the rounds right now, but Leo/need has had that sort of thing happen too, right?
Saki: So I was thinking, maybe we could be more deliberate about it!
Saki: If we pull this off, more and more people will know about Leo/need... And it'll be good for promoting our solo show, too!
Shiho: Mr. Shindo and the others at the label are already figuring out ways to promote us, though... I'm not sure there's much we can do.
Ichika: It does sound pretty hard to take that on ourselves.
Saki: Y-Yeah, I know! But...!
Honami: But it would be nice to have more people learn about Leo/need like Saki said.
Saki: Oh...! Yes, Hona, you get it!
Saki: And that's what this notebook is for!
Saki: I figure if we want engagement, we need something that'll spread! I did some research on that, and... Apparently short videos really are the way to go!
Saki: So, I tried coming up with a few short ideas that might work♪ Like... This band introduction one!
Shiho: I mean, that seems like a pretty standard thing to do, but is it gonna be enough?
Saki: No need to worry, Shiho. I have just the thing up my sleeve!
Saki: It's our series titled, “You'd Never Guess, But We _____”!
Saki: It turns out, videos that get a lot of views tend to have a gap between expectations and reality. Like finding out a cute idol likes to gorge on bowl after bowl of ramen!
Honami: Oh... Yes, I suppose I do end up watching videos like that out of curiosity.
Saki: That made me think videos showing unexpected sides of ourselves could have pretty big reach, so I brainstormed about that.
Ichika: I think I get the idea... But do any of us have that sort of gap?
Saki: Yes! We've got a gold mine! I even came up with the basic idea for each video already.
Saki: We start with Ichi singing all cool on stage!
Ichika: Wait, me?
Saki: Yup! And once you're done singing, you look right at the camera...
Saki: And say, “You'd never guess, but I can eat a hundred yakisoba buns.”
Shiho: Hold on, that's way too exaggerated.
Ichika: Yeah, I can't really imagine eating quite that many...
Ichika: But... If I had the chance, I think I'd want to try.
Honami & Shiho: Huh?
Ichika: I mean, it's my favorite food, so I feel like I could eat any amount in front of me. Honami, how would you feel if someone came and said you could have a hundred apple pies?
Honami: Yes, I might like that...
Shiho: Not you too, Honami...
Saki: Alright, that's a hundred apple pies down for Hona!
Saki: As for Shiho... We'll have you cuddling all your Phenny merch and—
Shiho: Nope. I'm not gonna be involved in this.
Saki: Whaaat?!
Shiho: Anyway, if you're serious about boosting engagement, you basically have to have a period where you're posting every day, right?
Shiho: Even if we start recording videos, doing all the editing and stuff now... It's not gonna have an effect in time for the show.
Saki: Oh... Yeah, maybe you're right.
Saki: Aww, I really thought this was a good plan.
Ichika: I agree. You thought it through this much, so it'd be nice if we could put it to use somehow...
Honami: It'd be tough to make anything happen in time for our show, but maybe we can revisit this once it's over.
Saki: Really?! I'll keep churning out lots of ideas, then♪
Shiho: That's fine and all, but lunch break is gonna end before you know it if we don't start eating soon.
Saki: Huh? Oh, you're so right!
Saki: No good ideas are gonna come around if I don't eat up and recharge.
Saki: Alrighty, that means... Time to dig in!
(Black cut)
