181-2 After Rehearsal

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Several days later]

[Island Harbor]

An: We're here!
An: Wow, the sand's pure white! And the sea's sparkling so much!
Kohane: Yeah...! I thought they were pretty from the ferry, but everything looks so much more beautiful up close.
Toya: Yes. Also, we saw it described as a small island, but the harbor is full of life.
Akito: Based on this vibe, the venue for the festival should be pretty lively too. That said...
Tsukasa: Wow...! A glistening sea and a vast forest! A stage befitting a future star such as myself!
Emu: We really get to do a show here?! It looks like a fun and wonderhoy paradise!
Akito: We knew which groups would be performing, but I'm seeing a lot of familiar faces here...
An: I know, right?! It's kinda nice that we won't need to spend time breaking the ice.
???: You guys!
Kohane: Oh, it's Minori and the others!
Minori: Now that we're on the island, we thought we'd introduce ourselves to all our fellow performers! Just kidding...!
Minori: Hehe. We're looking forward to performing alongside you guys!
Shiho: I'm here because Minori dragged me along... But I'm also looking forward to it.
Haruka: Let's do our best to make this festival a good one.
An: Yeah, let's do our best!
An: It's so great that we get to perform together again! Wait, huh...?
Mizuki: What's up, you guys?!
An: Mizuki!
Mizuki: Welcome! How was the ferry ride over?
Toya: It was clean and comfortable... But weren't you also on it, Akiyama? No, wait, I didn't see you once while we were aboard it.
Mizuki: I came over with some of the other part-timers on a slightly earlier one. We had to set up the venue and get ready for rehearsals and stuff.
An: You're already hard at work. I'm so proud of you, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Heehee! Oh, speaking of part-timers...
Mizuki: Emu's also gonna be working as one for operations. I was so surprised when I ran into her during orientation!
Haruka: Really? Wait, isn't Otori supposed to be performing in a show...?
Mizuki: Yeah, that's gonna take priority when their time comes.
Shiho: She said she was interested in seeing how they run things, but working and performing in a show sounds really tough...
Kohane: Hehe. But it's like Emu to do that.
Minori: That's so cool...! I need to follow her example and work my hardest!
An: Speaking of which, isn't MORE MORE JUMP! on that one show? It's been streaming constantly...
Haruka: Yeah, the Lumina Grand Prix. Fortunately, we're allowed to step away for work and school during it.
Haruka: The plans for this festival seemed interesting, and the audience is supposed to be right up close to the stage...
Haruka: We decided to sign up because we thought this would give us an opportunity to entertain our fans in a new way.
Mizuki: Man, this is why MMJ is the best! You're always thinking a ton about your fans!
Kohane: Still, Shiho, I was a little surprised when I heard that you and your band would also be appearing.
Kohane: I thought you were all busy practicing for your solo show.
Shiho: We were on the fence about participating, but we figured performing in this kind of event would help us with our solo show.
Shiho: Also, Saki wouldn't stop talking about how she wanted to go. Something about how a festival on an island is gonna be fun for sure.
Haruka: Hehe. I can see her saying that.
An: I guess we've all got our reasons, but I'm glad we get to perform together like this.
An: Let's bring the heat and make this the best event ever!
Minori, Mizuki & Kohane: Yeah!
Haruka: And in order to do that, we'll need to do a good job when we rehearse.
Mizuki: Right! So, once you've all had a chance to put your bags down in your rooms, I'll show you guys where you'll be rehearsing!
An: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Dream Tune Festa Venue]

Staff Member: That concludes this rehearsal! Let's all do our best tomorrow!
Akito: That ended quicker than expected.
Toya: Yes, probably because everything flowed so smoothly, including the equipment check.
An: The staff all looked really motivated! They moved with so much urgency.
Toya: The website for this festival said that the residents all got together to come up with a way to revitalize the island.
Toya: They seem to have been driven by their collective desire to bring life to their island through music.
Kohane: Through music... That's such a wonderful idea.
An: Yeah! That means we absolutely have to make this festival a success, for the staff and the whole island too!
Staff Member: Alright, everyone! From here, you're free to do as you like.
Staff Member: The primary goal of this festival is to show what the island has to offer, so we hope that you get to do some sightseeing while you're here!
Staff Member: The operations team has even put together a big activity, so please feel free to try it out if you're interested!
An: Oh, is it time to do some sightseeing?!
Kohane: What do you think this big activity is?
Staff Member: Akiyama, Otori, can you two take it from here?
Emu: Yes! You can leave it to us☆
Mizuki: Alright, we'll start by explaining our big activity! Participation is totally voluntary, so please listen if you're interested in joining!
Mizuki: It's titled the “Island Walk Stamp Rally!” The goal is to get stamps from all the sightseeing areas the locals recommend!
Akito: A stamp rally, huh...? That would be easier than trying to check stuff out with no information.
Emu: We'll decide the teams for the stamp rally by drawing straws!
Emu: One of the goals for this activity is to give the performers a chance to get to know each other. So, try to become friends while you go on a fun walk around the island☆
An: Then, Kohane, we might not be able to go around the island together.
Kohane: Yeah... But we'll also have free time on the last day, so I'm thinking about participating in this.
An: True. In that case, let's join in!
Mizuki: That's it for our explanation! All those interested in participating, please take a slip of paper from this box!
Mizuki: Each one has a picture of a sea creature on it, so you'll need to find everyone who drew the same thing!
An: (I'm up next... Whose team am I gonna be on?)
An: Here goes nothing!
An: Umm... This thing looks all spiny... Is it a sea urchin?
Haruka: Oh, An, you also drew an urchin?
An: Does that mean you drew one too, Haruka?
Haruka: Yeah, let's have a good time.
Saki: Oh, me too! I also drew an urchin!
An: Huh? You're...
Saki: I'm Saki Tenma! Thank you for always putting up with my brother's antics♪
An: Oh, that's right! You're Tenma's little sister...!
An: I'm An Shiraishi! Toya and Kohane have told me all about you. It's great to finally meet you!
Saki: Nice to meet you too, An! Hehe. This is great. I've been wanting to talk to you for so long♪
An: Wait, really?
Saki: Yeah! Kohane and Haruka are always talking about you, An. Let's have as much fun as we can today!
Haruka: Is the urchin team all here?
???: No, wait!
Emu: We want you guys to let us join the urchin team!
An: Mizuki, Otori...! You two can do the stamp rally too?!
Mizuki: Yeah, our plan was to not participate since we knew we'd be working...
Emu: But the rest of the staff said that we could after we told them that you're all our friends!
Saki: Wow, really?!
Mizuki: We know this is sudden, but we thought we could try joining the smallest team. Would that be okay?
An: Of course! This should be fun since it feels like a new combination of characters!
An: Then, let's dive right into our stamp rally!
Emu, Mizuki & Saki: Yeah!
(Black cut)
