181-3 A Stamp Rally Adventure

(Character: Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori, Mizuki Akiyama)

(Place: Island Shrine)
Mizuki: Wow...! This is the view I saw in MiraMagi...!
Mizuki: I wasn't expecting this to be our first stop!
An: You really never change, Mizuki.
An: Also, if this really is our first stop, then that means there's a stamp pad somewhere around here, right?
Haruka: Oh, what about that table next to the stone steps? Could that be it?
Saki: Yeah! I'm gonna go stamp mine now♪
Saki: There we go... Hehe. All done!
Emu: I'm gonna do mine too! Stamp!
An: This feels really nostalgic for some reason. Remember how stamping our notebooks and stuff became a fad when we were in elementary school?
Haruka: I do. That was interesting because the way a person stamped was like an expression of their personality.
An: Their personality?
Mizuki: Oh, I think I know what you mean. An probably likes to stamp things really hard.
Haruka: That's the thing. She also stamped stuff upside-down from time to time. And that habit probably still hasn't changed to this day...
An: Hey, we're talking about when I was in elementary school, right?
An: I can stamp things really neatly now. Just watch!
Saki: No, An, that's...!
Emu: The box for the next location!
An: What?! No, you're right...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Emu: The deity of the sea is supposed to be enshrined here!
Mizuki: Apparently, the fishers of this island all come here to pay their respects before the start of each fishing season.
Saki: Cool...! Also, why do you two know so much about this place?
Mizuki: We did a lot of research after we found out we'd both be working here, right, Emu?
Emu: Yup! We wanted to be able to tell everyone about all the great things this island has to offer!
Haruka: Right. After all, this festival is about revitalizing the island.
An: Then, why don't we take the chance to pay our respects? We can wish for the festival to go well tomorrow.
Haruka: Should we really be asking the deity of the sea for that?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Zoo)
Emu: This zoo also has a petting area♪ That means we'll get to play with all kinds of different animals!
Haruka: Wow, they have meerkats, toucans, sloths... Oh, it even looks like they have capibaras here.
An & Saki: Capibaras?!
Mizuki: You two seem way too interested!
An: Lately, I've been watching tons of videos of capibaras bathing in hot springs!
An: Their little eyes are so cute that my heart melts every time I see them!
Saki: Yeah, same! I'm so excited about getting to play with some real capibaras!
An: I know, right? I can't wait to see what their fur feels like and stuff!
An & Saki: She gets it!
Mizuki: Haha! You two look like peas in a pod for some reason!
An & Saki: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Neighborhood]

An: Anyway, the next stamp stop is... Hm?
Mizuki: What's up? Did something catch your eye?
An: Yeah... Is that a candy store over there?
Haruka: Seems like it. I like how it looks. It gives off a nice vibe.
An: Exactly. I'm kinda curious now.
Saki: Wow...! I've never been to many stores like that before, so I'd love to check it out!
Emu: We should all do some shopping there!
An: Yeah, let's do that! I was just hoping to grab something cold to drink.
Mizuki: I'm gonna get me some ice cream!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Mmm♪ Freezing cold ice cream really does wonders for a tired body.
Emu: It sure hits the spot♪
Saki: Haha. We have been walking a lot! Oh!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000497/bg_s000497.webp)
Saki: Hey, you guys, check it out! My stick says “Winner!”
Mizuki: Oh, Saki, it's your lucky day!
Saki: Hehe. I have superhuman luck! Not♪
An: I know! How about I take a picture of you to celebrate?
Saki: Oh, you'll do that? Then, if you don't mind!
(White cut)
(Background change)
An: Ready? Say, “Cheese!”
Candy Store Owner: Hehe. You're a wonderfully lively bunch.
Haruka: Oh, we're sorry. We didn't mean to make so much noise in your store...
Candy Store Owner: No, I really can't help but smile. In particular, because there are normally so few young people on this island.
Saki: Really?
Candy Store Owner: Yes. That's why it's so nice to see so many people here for the festival.
Haruka: We're scheduled to perform on stage during the festival tomorrow.
Haruka: Our goal is to not just make things fun for everyone coming to visit, but also for the residents of the island. So, we hope you'll come and watch.
Candy Store Owner: O-Oh my... In that case, I might ask my grandchild to take me.
An: Way to go, Haruka.
Haruka: We want to make things fun for as many people as we can.
Candy Store Owner: Talking to you reminds me of what I used to do when I was young...
Candy Store Owner: I remember having so much fun every day back then. I used to play with my friends and talk with them about nothing.
Mizuki: That sounds really nice! We're also having a lot of fun right now!
Candy Store Owner: Hehe. I hope you'll all make the most of each day.
Candy Store Owner: Because time flies when you're having a lot of fun.
Emu: Time flies...
(Black cut)
