An has finally caught up on the schoolwork she missed during her time in the US, when she and other high-schooler artists in the area are invited to perform at a music festival on a remote island.

181-1 Invitation to the Festival

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School]

An: *Stretch* That's finally morning classes done...!
An: (I have to work hard since they moved pretty far ahead while we were in the US.)
An: (I even promised to really hit the books when we got back...)
An: But hey, my supplementary homework is...
???: Hey, An!
Mizuki: Are you headed to the school store? Can I tag along?
An: Of course! More importantly, Mizuki, I didn't realize you were at school today.
Mizuki: Toya told me about this test he said I should come and take.
Mizuki: It really does pay to have nice friends, huh♪
An: Haha. Now I see.
Mizuki: That reminds me, I also ran into Li'l Bro a minute ago.
Mizuki: He said he'd be doing supplementary assignments in the library. How are things on your end, An?
An: Heh heh heh... I finished everything the other day!
Mizuki: Wow! That's amazing!
Mizuki: In that case, wanna grab a sweet treat or something on our way home after school? We can celebrate you completing those supplementary assignments!
An: Totally! That's perfect since one of my friends just recommended me this cafe.
An: Um, it was called... Huh?
Mizuki: What's up?
An: Hmm... Our team account just got an email from an address I don't recognize.
An: What is this? “Would you consider performing at Dream Tune Festa?”
Mizuki: Wait, An, you guys too?! My group also got that!
An: Wait, really?
Mizuki: Yeah. The one about participating in a music festival, right?
Mizuki: It's apparently taking place on a small island that you can take a day trip to, even from Shibuya.
Mizuki: The plan seems to be to gather up a bunch of high school musicians and performers and reinvigorate the island that way!
An: Really...?! That sounds like fun! I might try asking Akito and the others about it later.
An: Wait a second... You and your group haven't revealed your real ages or faces, right? Why'd they send you an invitation?
Mizuki: The offer was apparently for a slot as special guests. They said that a lot of people our age requested us.
Mizuki: We already turned down their offer... But since they made an effort to reach out to us, we made arrangements for them to play some of our music videos instead!
An: I see... What a shame! It would've been so much fun if we could've gone together, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Yeah, it would've been great to go with you. So, An...
Mizuki: Mizuki Akiyama will be going!
An: Huh? But you just said...
Mizuki: N25 might not be participating, but I was thinking I'd go on my own! They've actually been looking for part-timers to help run the event♪
An: Really?! That's great!
An: Still, I'm amazed that you decided to go by yourself.
Mizuki: That's the thing. The island where this festival is taking place shows up in one of my favorite anime.
An: One of your favorite anime...? Oh, are you talking about that one show? MiraMagi...?
Mizuki: That's right! “Miracle Magic Girl ☆ Lala”, or “MiraMagi” for short! Lala and friends take a vacation on that island during the first season.
Mizuki: Which is why I wanna go check it out. Oh, and I promise to do my best for the festival, so there's no need to worry there!
An: Haha. That tracks for you, Mizuki.
An: Then, if we do decide to participate, we'll get to enjoy it together!
Mizuki: Yeah! Hehe. Now I'm starting to get really excited.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Kohane: A festival on an island...? That does sound kind of fun.
Akito: And it's interesting how they're only recruiting high school artists. That means majorly talented people our age are gonna be there.
Miku (VBS): It's amazing you were invited to perform in a festival like that.
MEIKO (VBS): It really is. And based on what you just told us, some of the artists that have been invited are professionals.
Toya: I don't know if that makes us amazing... But I am genuinely happy about being invited.
An: Yeah, totally! I'm leaning towards taking them up on their offer. What do you guys think?
Akito: Yeah, why not? I'm curious to see what the other artists' performances are gonna be like.
Toya: I'm also for going. This event isn't centered around street music, so we should get some good practice at appealing to a different kind of audience.
Kohane: Right! I'd also like to go.
An: Okay! Then, I'll reply right now!
Miku (VBS): I'm also looking forward to hearing you sing.
MEIKO (VBS): Me as well. And I hope you get a chance to have some fun while you're on that island.
MEIKO (VBS): Especially considering how you've all been so busy traveling to the US and dealing with supplementary schoolwork afterwards.
Miku (VBS): Right. But you might also be busy preparing for your performance once you get to the island.
An: Oh, we're apparently gonna have a lot of free time!
Toya: Really?
An: Yeah! The participants are gonna be there for three days and two nights because they have to rehearse and stuff... But aside from the rehearsal on the first day and the actual show on the second, we're free to do whatever.
Kohane: We are? Then, that means we can go sightseeing on the island.
An: Exactly! We could even play at the beach!
Akito: But we can't forget that the festival takes priority.
An: Yeah, I know that! Anyway, let's start practicing.
An: I've finished doing all that supplementary stuff, so I'm gonna sing and sing and sing my heart out!
Miku (VBS): She sounds plenty motivated...
MEIKO (VBS): Yes, and I'm glad to see it. Based on this energy level, she should be able to enjoy both performing and sightseeing to the fullest.
(Black cut)
