181-7 Ultimate Excitement

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[The next day]

[Dream Tune Festa Venue]

An: Whoa, this crowd's huge!
Kohane: Yeah...! Things feel completely different compared to when we did our rehearsal.
Akito: I'm seeing a lot of people our age in this crowd...
Toya: High schoolers were apparently offered a special plan that bundled tickets and accommodations in order to “ensure that young people get to enjoy the island”.
Toya: However, I'm also seeing many of the island's residents in attendance.
An: Yeah, it feels like a real festival! I'm super excited!
Kohane: Hehe. You do seem really happy, An.
???: Oh, An and friends, found you!
An: Hi, Mizuki!
Mizuki: It's great how sunny it is today, right?♪ It feels like the perfect day to do an event like this!
Mizuki: If it rained, we would've had to take down all the decorations that we spent so much time putting up. What a relief!
Toya: Very much so. By the way, Akiyama, are you recording a video right now...?
Mizuki: Yeah, I'm taking a video of the venue! I'm gonna send it to the others in my group later.
Mizuki: Also, in about a minute or two...
Audience: Hey, isn't this by N25...?!
Mizuki: Oh, there we go!
An: Yeah, you did mention that they'd be playing a few of your group's music videos.
Mizuki: Bingo♪
Audience: I've been really into N25 lately.
Audience: Me too! Their music and lyrics all hit home with me for some reason, and their music videos are so high-quality.
An: You're getting some glowing reviews.
Mizuki: Haha♪ I've gotta tell the others!
Emu: Oh, there's Kohane and her team!
Kohane: Emu?
Emu: So, all the performers are being asked to gather in the stage wings since we're starting in about thirty minutes!
An: Oh, it's almost time already! Thanks for letting us know, Otori!
Kohane: Your troupe's up first, right? Go break a leg!
Emu: *Nod* Thanks!
Mizuki: Good luck, you guys! I'll be watching from the staff tent, so make sure you knock everyone's socks off!
Akito: You don't have to tell us that.
An: Because we will!
(Black cut)
Audience: Isn't it gonna start soon?
Audience: I'm so excited.
An: Hehe. They all seem really hyped!
An: (Tenma and his troupe are the opening act, but we didn't really get a chance to watch them during the rehearsal...)
An: (What kind of show are they going to do?)
???: “Everyone! Did you hear the news?!”
Audience: Huh? What's going on?
Audience: News? What's he talking about...?
Tsukasa: “Apparently, a number of young singers with incredible voices are gathered on this island right now!”
Emu: “What?! Really?! I wanna hear them sing!”
Emu: “Oh, speaking of incredible singers, does she count...?!”
Robo-Nene: “♪——————”
Audience: Wow! That robot's singing!
Rui: “Oh, are you having a singing competition? If so, she's going to be tough to beat.”
Nene: “♪————————!”
Audience: *Gasp* Her voice is beautiful...!
Tsukasa: “Hah hah hah! I didn't expect to hear such compelling performances from our first singers!”
Tsukasa: “This means the singers to follow are going to be out of this world! Don't you all think so?!”
Tsukasa: “Now, I hereby declare Dream Tune Festa to be...open!”
An: Cool...!
Kohane: Everyone from Wonderlands×Showtime did such an amazing job...!
Toya: I couldn't help but smile. It was a wonderful way to open things.
Akito: Yeah, and they got the crowd warmed up just right.
(Black cut)
Ichika: ♪————————!
Audience: Oh, I know this song! It's on all the time!
Audience: This is so cool! I didn't know it was by this band!
Saki: Let's keep having more and more fun, everyone!
Honami: We can sing this next part together!
Ichika: ♪———— ♪——————!
Audience: ♪———— ♪——————!
Shiho: Nice. But we know you guys can do better than that!
Ichika: We really want to hear your voices! So, here we go!
An: Saki and her band are so amazing...! The crowd just keeps getting louder and louder!
An: (This event's a little different from the ones we normally do since we have groups from a wide variety of genres here.)
An: (But the way we're working together to get the crowd going is so exciting...!)
???: An.
An: Haruka! Oh, I guess MORE MORE JUMP! is on soon.
Haruka: Yeah. Your team ended up being the headliners.
An: Oh, about that... We were really surprised when we heard the news.
Haruka: Hehe. Is it true that the planners of this event begged Vivid BAD SQUAD to headline because they love the way you sing just that much?
An: Yeah. That was really nice to hear, and we plan on blowing them away.
Haruka: I see.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000498/bg_s000498.webp)
Haruka: You might be headlining this time, but we aren't letting you hog all the glory.
Haruka: We're going to go out there and make everyone think that the festival's already reached its peak.
Haruka: So, do what you can to keep up.
An: Oh...? That's pretty big talk.
An: But you're on. The gloves are coming off. No pulling any punches, okay?
Haruka: Of course. I mean, remember what we said yesterday?
Haruka: We're going to make today the best day of our lives so far.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Anyway, wish me luck.
An: Yeah, break a leg.
(Black cut)
Minori: Hi, everyone!
Shizuku: We're MORE MORE JUMP! Some of you may be seeing us for the first time since our activities usually center around online streams.
Airi: But whether you know us or not, we're gonna make this the most fun time ever!
Haruka: Are you all ready to sing with us?
Haruka: Let's sing so loud that everyone will hear our voices, no matter how far!
Minori, Airi & Shizuku: ♪————
Haruka: ♪————————!
Audience: What?! I didn't know MORE MORE JUMP! was this good at singing and dancing!
Audience: I can't believe I get to see them live!
Audience: Ohmygosh! Sh-She just winked at me...!
Kohane: Minori and her group look so cute...!
Akito: They've taken complete control of the place.
Toya: Yes, they're doing a good job of interacting with the audience through their performance.
An: Haruka and her group really are something...
An: Anyway, this just means we have to bring even more energy! After all, our goal is to stand on top of the world!
An: If we can't get the crowd going the most here, then we won't have a hope of making our dream a reality!
Akito: Right.
Kohane: We have to succeed no matter what...!
An: Good, I like the looks on your faces! So, let's go do this thing!
(Black cut)
