181-4 A Chapter of Our Youth

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

[A few hours later]

[Beach]

An: *Sigh* We got to do so much! I'm glad we decided to do this stamp rally.
Kohane: Hehe. I also got to learn a lot about this island, and it was so nice to get to chat with people I don't get to normally.
An: By the way, Kohane, your team had Kusanagi, Shizuku and Mochizuki, right...?
Kohane: Yeah, we were the starfish team! I took a lot of photos, so I'll show them to you later.
An: Thanks! Oh...
Kohane: I think your stomach's empty, An.
An: Haha. We did do a lot of walking. Not only that—
An: All the performers get to have a big barbeque together now! My stomach's growling like crazy because I'm so excited.
Mizuki's Voice (Mizuki): Hey! I've got the meat!
An: Oh, right on cue...!
Emu: Let's get some roaring fires going so we can start sizzling everything up!
Tsukasa: Okay! Then, I'll put myself in charge of starting them!
Staff Member: Thank you very much! You can use this charcoal here.
Tsukasa: Ah, it's so nice to have everything we need, unlike on that desert island...
Rui: Hehe. To be fair, that was a valuable experience in its own way.
Airi: Then, I'll start cutting the vegetables.
Toya: I'll lend you a hand, Momoi.
Akito: You sure about that...? Then, guess I'll start carrying over the drinks.
Ichika: Oh, in that case, I saw some big bottles over there.
An: We should help out too, Kohane! I'll show everyone my dad's special barbequing techniques!
Kohane: Okay!
(Black cut)
Emu: Do we all have our drinks? If so, here we go!
Emu: Here's wishing this festival is a big success... Cheers!
An: Whoo!
Haruka: Wow, this meat's really high quality...
Tsukasa: Oh, you can tell just by looking?
Haruka: Yes! It looks red and lean, which means we should be able to get a lot of protein out of it.
Akito: This isn't about how it tastes?
Tsukasa: We should expect nothing less from you, Kiritani! Even on a remote island, you're still you.
Haruka: Hehe. It's precisely because we're on an island. The sea and mountains make for the best workout locations.
Akito: Yeah, you can run up any slopes you come across in the mountains, and sandy beaches are supposed to give a nice bit of resistance.
Tsukasa: Hmm... I might try training at the beach tomorrow. Are there any exercises that you recommend, Kiritani?
Emu: Honami! Here's the sauce and bonito flakes!
Honami: Then, would you mind giving the noodles a splash of that sauce?
Emu: Sure thing! Here comes a yummy splash that's gonna make you really delicious, Mr. Yakisoba☆
Ichika: Wow, that smells so good...!
Rui: I didn't realize you'd be making yakisoba on this griddle.
Emu: Oh, Rui, Ichika! It's almost ready, so get ready to dig in☆
Ichika: Really? Thanks! Now I regret not bringing some buns with me...
Honami: Hehe. We can try seeing if one of the shops on the island sells them.
Honami: Anyway, Kamishiro, would you also like some? We made it using a variety of fresh vegetables from the island. I'm sure it turned out very well.
Rui: Thank you, but I'll have to pass...
Mizuki: Haha. Things seem pretty lively.
Nene: Yeah... Everyone looks like they're having fun.
Minori: Hey, you two! Wanna have some?!
Nene: Huh?! Oh... Hi, Hanasato.
Mizuki: Whoa, your plate. It's got a mountain of meat on it.
Minori: So, the thing is, I thought that everyone would want to eat a lot! But while grilling everything, my plate ended up becoming really full!
Nene: Oh, now that you mention it... That pit's grill is completely covered in meat.
Mizuki: Look at that! Then, why don't we also take part in this carnival of carnivores?
Mizuki: I really appreciate getting to have meat grilled by my favorite idol. Also, this kind of festival always tests your stamina!
Nene: Yeah, we should refuel while we can... So, I'll also have some.
Minori: Okay! Thanks, you two!
Shizuku: We're supposed to roast our marshmallows so that they become a little singed, yes...?
Airi: W-Wait! If you put it that close to the fire—
Shizuku: Eep! My marshmallow got burnt...!
Toya: It's difficult to get it just right. Mine doesn't seem to be getting warm at all...
Saki: I think yours is a little too far away, Toya. It should be fine if you put it around where mine is!
Toya: I see. This is intriguing...
(Black cut)
An: *Sigh* I'm stuffed! Time for a quick break.
Kohane: Oh, in that case, there's a photo that I've been meaning to show you two. Want to see? It's this...
Shiho: Wow... It's a cat. And it's pretty cute.
An: Oh, you got the sea in the background and the cat's looking right at the camera! You're a total pro, Kohane!
Kohane: Hehe. I took this during the stamp rally with the help of my teammates.
Kohane: Kusanagi used a foxtail to keep its attention, Honami rubbed its back and Shizuku spoke to it while pretending to be a cat...
Shiho: Wait, was Shizuku actually any help?
An: Haha. That sounds like fun! I would've loved to see you all at work.
Saki: Hey, you guys! Wanna have marshmallows with us over there?
Shizuku: Join us, Shii. I'll roast some delicious marshmallows for you!
Shiho: No, I'm really full, so I'll pass.
Shizuku: O-Oh, okay... That's too bad...
Toya: Hinomori... Won't you have just one?
Shiho: Huh...?
Toya: Your sister worked very hard to learn how to roast marshmallows just right for you.
Toya: She really did put in quite a bit of effort, so I'd appreciate it if you had one of her marshmallows.
Shiho: Th-That much...? Then, maybe just one...
Shizuku: Thank you, Shii...! I promise to roast it to perfection♪
Saki: Haha. You two really are close! What do you wanna do, An, Kohane?
An: Hmm... I'm still pretty full, so I think I'll join you guys in a bit!
Kohane: Me too. We'll head over after we take a quick break.
Saki: Okay! We'll make sure to save some for you two.
An: Thanks!
???: <Looks like you're all having fun.>
Kohane: Oh, Miku...!
An: Yeah, we've been having a really awesome time!
An: Our rehearsal went perfectly, we did a ton of sightseeing and we even got to have a big barbeque!
Miku (VBS): <I've also been taking peeks here and there, but this event seems to have so much to offer.>
Miku (VBS): <And you've all been smiling so much. I felt happy just watching you.>
Miku (VBS): <I know you all came to this island to perform in the festival...>
Miku (VBS): <But it seems like you'll get to create nice memories in all kinds of ways.>
An: Yeah...!
An: And we're gonna create the most amazing memory during the festival tomorrow. Together with everyone here!
Kohane: Right. I feel like we're going to put on such an amazing performance when we sing...
Kohane: We promise to do our best, so we hope you'll come watch, Miku!
Miku (VBS): <Of course. I'll be looking forward to it.>
Emu: You guys! The fun's only just begun♪
Emu: Ta-daa! It's a fireworks set! We've got sparkly ones, squiggly ones and even ones that go boom!
Mizuki: An, Kohane, come join us over here!
An: Okay, be right there!
(Black cut)
