181-6 What Does Last

(Character: Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori, Mizuki Akiyama)

[A few minutes later]

An: Haha! Who would've thought we'd all have trouble falling asleep?
Saki: But it's so nice knowing that other people are still up.
Haruka: Staying up too late would affect the way we perform tomorrow, so we need to be careful.
An: Yeah. But we can hang out for a little while longer, right?
An: We might start getting sleepy after talking about a bunch of stuff!
Emu: Then, let's talk for a bit!
Mizuki: Okay♪ I'm still wide awake.
Emu: Hooray!
An: Alright, what should we talk about?
Mizuki: How about something scary? It's dark, so it feels like the perfect topic.
Mizuki: I did some research about this island online and discovered a few scary stories about it.
An: What...?
Haruka: I'm a little curious, but we might want to avoid that for now. An probably won't be able to sleep.
An: Th-That's not true...!
An: Wait, I know! Let's talk about how fun today's stamp rally was!
Saki: Yeah! Getting to see the shrine and the zoo and all those other places was so much fun.
Saki: The locals were also really kind and friendly!
Haruka: Yeah, they did help make us feel at home.
Emu: We got to talk a lot with the granny from that candy store!
Emu: “I hope you'll all make the most of each day.” When she said that, it hit me like a ton of bricks!
An: That was about how time flies when you're having lots of fun, right?
Emu: Yeah!
Emu: Lately, I feel like each day's been zipping by a lot faster than before...!
Emu: I wonder if that's 'cause it's been so fun having school stuff, show practices and lots of other things I'm excited about.
Saki: Oh...
Saki: I think I know what you mean.
Saki: We've been super busy preparing for our solo show lately. Some days have been ending with me looking at the clock and being shocked that it's already time for bed.
An: I see. Aside from practicing, your band has to advertise itself, decide on stage effects and do all sorts of other stuff, right?
Mizuki: Yikes, that sounds really hard...
Saki: Hmm... Yeah, things have been pretty busy and hectic.
Saki: But we really want our solo show to make everyone smile!
Saki: Which is why we're prepared to do everything we can in order to make that happen!
Haruka: Hehe. It sounds like each day has been very fulfilling.
Saki: *Nod*
Haruka: In that sense, the time's also been flying by for me...
Haruka: We vowed to make our dream a reality, our stream's been doing well, we've been receiving offers for work and we were invited to compete in the Lumina Grand Prix.
Haruka: There's really this sense that we're running at full speed towards our dream... That might be part of why it feels like things have been moving really fast.
An: I know what you mean! Even though things have been really exhausting, the time's been flying by because I've been having so much fun.
Mizuki: Haha. You're all making the most of your youth.
Mizuki: Unlike the rest of you, I haven't been all that busy. I've been living life at my own pace.
Mizuki: But I do kinda get the feeling that time flies when you're having fun...
Saki: Still...
Saki: All fun things have to come to an end at some point.
Emu: Oh...
Saki: I wish things could go on like this forever and ever.
Saki: Just kidding! Hehe. That'd make me a really greedy person, huh?
Emu: Saki...
Mizuki: But I think I know how you feel.
Mizuki: When you're having a lot of fun, it's normal to want it to keep going forever...
Haruka: Yeah...
Haruka: I also feel a little sad thinking about that...
An: Me too. But...
An: I have a feeling that things are gonna keep being fun moving forward.
Saki: Huh?
Haruka: Things will keep being fun? What makes you say that...?
An: I mean, that's always what's happened up to this point.
An: Ever since we made the decision as a team to surpass that legendary night, we've been running forward as fast as we can...
An: A lot happened along the way, but we managed to make our dream come true. And now, we're working towards our goal of standing on top of the world.
An: Things are pretty different compared to the start...
An: But when you move forward with everything you have, everything's bound to turn out fun and amazing!
An: So, even if things feel a little sad sometimes, you'll get to have fun again soon!
Saki: Oh...!
Saki: Now I see... I never thought of it that way!
Haruka: It's like you to say that, An.
Mizuki: Yeah. The gloominess we were feeling a second ago is all gone now, huh?
Emu: Hehe. I'm starting to feel really excited now for some reason...!
Emu: Because things are really fun right now, and they might get even more fun in the future!
An: Yeah, starting with tomorrow's festival!
An: Let's really blow the roof off the place!
Saki: *Nod* It's gonna be the most fun day ever!
Mizuki, Emu & Haruka: Yeah!
(Black cut)
