176-3 Tomorrow, For Sure (Minori Hanasato)

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato)

[A few days later]

[Live House]

Minori: ————♪ ————♪
Minori: (Okay, I seem to be projecting my voice better than usual!)
Minori: (Not only that...)
Minori: (I feel like I can see the faces of everyone in the crowd better for some reason. Is it because my mind's more at ease now?)
Minori: (I know that not many of them are here to see me...)
Minori: (But I need to keep doing my best so that they feel encouraged when they see me dancing!)
Minori: (Oh, that person's looking my way...!)
Minori: (Did it work...?)
Minori: Oh...!
Minori: (They're waving back at me with their glow sticks...!)
Minori: (Alright, I've gotta keep doing more and more...!)
(Black cut)

[One hour later]

Staff Member: Minori's line is this way, and she's ready to see you right away! Feel free to enter if you have a meet-and-greet ticket!
Minori: (Is this meet and greet gonna end with only like three people coming to see me again...?)
Minori: (I want to talk to more of our guests...but I guess I should be thankful about the ones I have been able to meet.)
Minori: (Because them showing their support for me has filled me with a lot of encouragement!)
Minori: (But...)
Pop☆Drop Fan: You were amazing again today YuiYui! I couldn't take my eyes off of you because of how cute you looked!
Pop☆Drop Fan: Your dancing was super sharp again today, Rittan! I felt really inspired by you!
Minori: (What would Haruka do...?)
Minori: (How would she deal with this sort of situation?)
Minori: (If she thought that she'd connected with someone, but really hadn't... If she knew she had to keep trying, but started to get worried instead...)
Minori: (Did Haruka ever find herself in a situation like that...?)
Pop☆Drop Fan: Excuse me, Minori?!
Minori: Huh?
Minori: M-Me...?!
Pop☆Drop Fan: Yes! I'm one of Rittan's fans, but... I thought you really shined today, Minori! That's why I decided to come and meet you!
Minori: Wh-What?! I shined today?
Minori: M-Me?! Really?! Are you sure?
Pop☆Drop Fan: Hehe. Yes, really!
Pop☆Drop Fan: I've actually always admired your incredible work ethic. But you seemed more cheerful than usual today, and your smile was so dazzling...
Pop☆Drop Fan: Before I knew it, my eyes had become glued to you.
Pop☆Drop Fan: I was feeling a bit down... But you gave me the energy I needed to keep going!
Minori: ...!
Minori: Thank you very much...!!!
Minori: Hearing you say that makes me so... Super duper spectacularly happy!
Staff Member: I'm sorry, but that's time.
Pop☆Drop Fan: Oh, in that case, see you later...!
Minori: S-See you...!
Minori: Umm! Please feel free to come and see me again! It's okay if you go and meet Rittan first...!
Minori: I promise to keep doing more and more to cheer you up!
Pop☆Drop Fan: Thank you! I'll be rooting for you!
Minori: (I don't know if I'll ever be the kind of idol Haruka was.)
Minori: (No matter how hard I try, it may never happen.)
Minori: (But...)
Minori: (If I can cheer someone up like this...)
Minori: (Then I have to keep doing everything I can.)
Minori: (In the belief that I can do even better tomorrow!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-B]

Shiho: You seem awfully happy this morning.
Minori: You gotta hear this, Shiho! During our meet and greet yesterday, someone new came to see me...!
Shiho: Hey, that's great.
???: Do you two have a minute?
Minori: Hi, Honda! How can we help you?
Honda: I'm volunteering for this event out in the country, but we're a bit shorthanded... Would either of you be interested?
Minori: In volunteering?
Shiho: Oh, the class reps organize that, right? Like when Otori was trying to recruit people to pull weeds.
Honda: Yeah, that's it! We'll be playing with some kids at the local children's center, as well as tutoring them.
Minori: Wow, that sounds like fun...!
Honda: It takes place on the last Saturday of the month. What do you say?
Shiho: Oh, sorry, I can't. I have practice that day.
Honda: I know how packed your schedule is, Hinomori. But how about you, Hanasato?
Minori: I'm free that day, so I'd like to go!
Honda: Thanks! Then, I'll let the person in charge know. No, wait. Maybe you should go tell her yourself...
Minori: Huh? Why's that?
Honda: Hehe. Because the leader of this event is someone you absolutely adore.
Honda: Haruka Kiritani.
Minori: Wh...?
Minori: Whaaaaat?!
(Black cut)
(Video: link2_idol_ed1)
(Black cut)
