176-2 Holding On to Hope (Minori Hanasato)

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

(Video: link2_idol_op1)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[???]

(Black cut)
(Background change)
Minori: (Huh...? Where am I...?)
Minori: What?!
Passerby : Ugh... Hey, quit spacing out.
Minori: I-I'm sorry...!
Girl A: Hey, are you feeling okay? There's a ton of people here, so you gotta be careful, Minori.
Girl B: Also, you dropped some of your show flyers. C'mon, lemme help you pick them up.
Minori: Flyers...?
Minori: Oh... That's right! I was passing out flyers!
Minori: Our show's just around the corner, so we gotta attract as many people as we can to come and watch!
Girl B: Wait, did you forget what you were doing?
Girl A: Are you really sure you're okay? If you aren't feeling well, then we could help you with your quota.
Minori: No, I'm okay! I promise to make up for spacing out by going full power from here!
Minori: Hello! We're Pop☆Drop, and we're doing a show next week! Come and watch us if you're interested!
Minori: We promise to fill you with lots of encouraging energy! We'd really appreciate your support!
Passerby A: Pop☆Drop? Do you know them?
Passerby B: No, never heard of them. They're probably underground idols, right?
Minori: So, our group's concept involves giving everybody a big boost of energy and—
Passerby A: Oh, sorry, I'm not interested.
Passerby B: Yikes, she's trying to talk to us. Let's get outta here.
Minori: Oh...
Pop☆Drop Member A: ...
Pop☆Drop Member A: How long is this gonna last?
Minori: What?
Pop☆Drop Member A: We debuted a year ago, but we're still having trouble attracting guests. Even when we do perform on stage, the more popular members always end up overshadowing us.
Pop☆Drop Member B: That's on top of our agency playing favorites. While we're here passing out flyers, the select group is doing that magazine interview today, right?
Pop☆Drop Member A: To be fair, it is a free magazine... *Sigh* Is this really worth the effort?
Minori: (You guys...)
Minori: (I get what they're saying. I also worry sometimes that nothing is gonna change no matter how hard I try.)
Minori: (But...!)
Minori: It's true that not many people are coming to see us at the moment...
Minori: But we'll be performing in front of big crowds someday, as long as we don't give up!
Minori: So, let's keep trying our best!
Pop☆Drop Member A: Yeah, but when's that gonna be...? We've invested all this energy already and gotten nothing in return...
Minori: Don't worry!
Minori: Tomorrow will always be a better day.
Minori: And people will understand someday!
Pop☆Drop Member B: Haha. You always say that, Minori.
Pop☆Drop Member A: But yeah, you're right... Thanks. I feel a little better now.
Pop☆Drop Member A: Alright, let's do our best to hand out the rest of these flyers!
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: (Thank goodness I was able to cheer them up!)
Minori: (I'm also feeling a little better now as a result.)
Minori: (It just goes to show how amazing Haruka's words are. Even now, they're able to cheer people up like this.)
Minori: (I was so shocked when I first heard that she'd be retiring from being an idol, but...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: *Sigh* I managed to get here just in time. But who can blame me for cutting it a little close today?
Minori: (I mean, I did it...! I finally passed an audition!)
Minori: (Those forty-nine other times, there were times I thought to myself that it was never going to happen...)
Minori: (But I have Haruka to thank for pushing me to not give up. I owe her so much!)
Student A: Minori! Did you see the news?!
Minori: Huh?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (I made the decision to pay it forward by taking the hope she gave me and spreading it to more people!)
Minori: (In order to get even just a little bit closer to the idol that Haruka was.)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000476/bg_s000476.webp)
Minori: Hello! We're Pop☆Drop!
Minori: Please come and see our show! We absolutely promise to blow you away!
Minori: We'd really appreciate your support!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Live House]

Pop☆Drop Lead: Thanks, you guys! What did you all think of today's show?
Pop☆Drop Fan: You shined brighter than everyone else in the world again today, Rittan!
Pop☆Drop Fan: I'm definitely coming back again!
Minori: (Wow...! They're waving around their glow sticks like crazy!)
Minori: (How many are in my color? Let's see...)
Minori: (One, two... Three!)
Minori: (Thank goodness...! My usual fans all came back again today...!)
Minori: (But that number hasn't increased since we debuted...)
Minori: (No, I shouldn't think that. I have fans who've been cheering for me this past year. That alone makes me really happy!)
Minori: (If I'm gonna spread hope to lots and lots of people the way Haruka did...)
Minori: (Then I've gotta keep trying harder and harder...!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Rehearsal Room]

Minori: One, two, three, four...
Minori: (I have to get better...!)
Minori: (As I am now, I can't get lots of people to look my way or spread hope to them the way Haruka could...)
Minori: (But I've decided that I'm going to get better no matter what!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (I want to stand on stage, shine in the spotlight and get people to believe in a better tomorrow.)
Minori: (That's the kind of idol I wanna be...!)
Minori: Whoa!
Minori: O-Oww... I tripped.
Minori: Uh oh. I think I twisted my ankle a little...!
Minori: *Sigh* I have to treat this first...
Minori: What am I doing?
Minori: I need to keep trying harder, but I hurt myself by tripping...
Minori: Haruka never would've...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: ...
Minori: Am I ever going to be like her?
Minori: N-No, stop! Quit being so negative!
Minori: “Tomorrow will always be a better day!” My goal is to be an idol who conveys that message.
Minori: Which means I can't give up...!
Minori: I've decided that I'm going to succeed no matter what. I have to keep moving forward until I become that idol...
???: I'm certain that somebody out there will feel inspired by the way you're always doing your best.
Minori: Huh?
Minori: Was someone trying to cheer me up just now...?
Minori: Did I imagine that?
Minori: (But, yes. As long as I keep trying, then I'm sure...!)
Minori: Alright, dance practice can wait until tomorrow. Today, I'll work on my singing!
(Black cut)
