Just when MORE MORE JUMP! has settled in to their lives as Lumina Grand Prix contestants, they notice something wrong with the tree in their SEKAI. Before they know it, the girls find themselves in a world where the four of them never met.

176-1 Being Ourselves, Chasing Our Dream

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: Next, let's stretch our backs! Put your hands together above your head and raise them like you're a little sprout popping out of the ground.
Minori: Sprout! Sprout!
Miku & Rin: Sprout! Sprout!
Minori: To finish, stretch out your arms and make big circles with them! Like a pair of giant flowers blooming, Minorinrin♪
Luka & MEIKO: Minorinrin♪
Minori: That's it for our Minorin stretches!
Luka (MMJ): Thank you for showing us that, Minori. I thought it was a very cute and energizing warm-up♪
MEIKO (MMJ): You did this at the training camp, didn't you? I have to think everyone watching really enjoyed it.
Minori: Yeah, it was a huge hit!
Minori: To be fair, I wouldn't have been able to come up with it if it weren't for Hikarin.
Rin (MMJ): Huh? Hikarin?
Haruka: Yeah. At first, we were doing normal morning stretches with the viewers using that one radio program.
Airi: We decided to do that because some people said in the comments during our morning practice that they were still sleepy.
Airi: But then, Hikarin zoomed in like a shooting star, and now I'm having a lot of trouble forgetting what she did...
Shizuku: The “big bang hyperspace jump” and the “interplanetary neck roll”, yes...? They were both so fun and powerful.
KAITO (MMJ): Haha. Hikarin really is a one of a kind.
Minori: Then, I felt that I needed to do the same! I gave it a lot of thought and came up with my own Minorin stretches!
Minori: That whole process was really fun since I was also able to get everyone posting their ideas in the comments.
Len (MMJ): And I'm sure everyone watching had no trouble waking up after that.
MEIKO (MMJ): And all of that allowed you to become closer with them and have fun together... That's the MORE MORE JUMP! way.
Minori: Hehe. I was a little nervous when the grand prix got underway, but I've really gotten used to things now.
Minori: So, moving forward, we're just gonna be ourselves as we try to spread hope to as many people as we can!
Miku (MMJ): We know you will! And we'll always be here to give you girls support.
Miku (MMJ): However, Minori, I think that the four of you have already spread quite a lot of hope during this grand prix.
Miku (MMJ): Right, Rin?♪
Rin (MMJ): Hehe. Yeah♪
Airi: ...? There's some deeper meaning to that, isn't there?
Shizuku: Would you mind explaining what?
Miku (MMJ): Lately, it seems like the tree's been growing even bigger!
Rin (MMJ): Miku and I took a walk earlier, and we saw that it'd grown some new leaves!
Luka (MMJ): It must be because you've all been working very hard to make your dream a reality.
Minori: Hey, if it really has grown, then we should go check it out!
Airi: Yeah, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Flower Field]

Minori: Oh no...
Minori: Wh-Wh-Wh-What do we do?! The leaves have gone all droopy!
Rin (MMJ): What if we cheered for it?! Would that help make it better?
Minori: I-I'll join you!
Len (MMJ): Calm down, you two...!
KAITO (MMJ): Cheering could work... But these leaves appear to be covered in some sort of black substance. Maybe that's the cause?
Shizuku: He's right. What could it possibly be?
Luka (MMJ): They look like fragments of feelings, but... They don't look very nice.
Miku (MMJ): Yes, these fragments seem to be...
Haruka: In any case, we can't just sit here and do nothing.
Shizuku: If these black fragments are the cause, then I'd like to remove them immediately, but...
Airi: Hmm... But they seem to be stuck on there pretty good. I'm worried that we'd damage the tree in the process.
Minori: Oh, we might be able to remove these ones without hurting it! Just gotta give it a little force, and...!
Miku (MMJ): ...! Minori, get away from there!
Minori: Huh?
(Background change)
Minori: Wah!
Airi: Wh-What's going on?!
Rin (MMJ): Everyone...!
(Black cut)

[???]

(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Background change)
(Background change)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
