176-9 A Place to Breathe Easy (Shizuku Hinomori)

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 3-E]

Shizuku: (I feel a little sleepy after staying up so late reading those magazines...)
Shizuku: *Yawn*
Shizuku: *Gasp*
Shizuku: (This is bad. I can't let my guard down since I don't know who might be watching.)
Airi: Morning, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Airi! Good morning. It's been a little while.
Airi: Yeah, like a month or so, I think? You've been pretty busy lately.
Airi: Oh, speaking of which, I saw your new lip gloss commercial!
Airi: As usual, it's like seeing a totally different person when you're on TV. I felt this little jolt go through my heart.
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you.
Airi: I'm so happy for you. Despite everything that happened, work seems to be going really well.
Shizuku: Oh... *Nod*
Shizuku: (It's sad that I don't get to chase after the same dream as Airi anymore.)
Shizuku: (But I'm so glad that she's still going after it...)
Shizuku: (Because Airi's an idol who's been spreading hope to people for as long as I can remember.)
Shizuku: (Including back then...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: Spit it out already! Being indecisive is the worst thing in our line of work! The fans pick up on it and start to get worried!
Shizuku: I know that. It's just...
Shizuku: ...
Airi: Why aren't you saying anything...? That's the same as saying they're right!
Shizuku: You're right...
Shizuku: But the rumors are true... For a little while now, the other members and I haven't been getting along very well...
Airi: ... Can you tell me more?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (I felt so much better after Airi was so understanding of what I was going through.)
Shizuku: (We ended up going down different paths, but I should continue to support her as she pursues her dream.)
Shizuku: I also saw your joint stream. I thought it was very fun...
Airi: You did...? Then, it was worth the effort.
Airi: To be fair, all I did was talk. I'm nothing like you, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Huh? Nothing like me...?
Airi: Because you're always dazzling everyone who looks at you, and you encourage them to do their best, you know?
Airi: But I can't really do that.
Shizuku: Airi...
Shizuku: I disagree.
Shizuku: You always make me feel those things, Airi.
Airi: What...?
Shizuku: You carefully read through the comments, carry out requests and make sure everybody gets to have fun...
Shizuku: I really admire how you're always doing your absolute best for your fans.
Shizuku: Also, right after I'd quit being an idol, it was like there was a big gaping hole in my heart, and I couldn't think about anything...
Shizuku: But seeing the way you hadn't changed at all since the first time was what inspired me to keep moving forward and trying my best.
Shizuku: So, thank you always being such a wonderful person.
Airi: Shizuku...
Airi: Thank you as well... I really appreciate you saying that.
Airi: Let's both keep placing importance on having heart!
Shizuku: Yes, let's!
Airi: Still, I'm worried about you working too hard.
Shizuku: What?
Airi: I mean, just look at the huge bags under your eyes!
Shizuku: Oh... I did stay up late last night studying the latest fashion trends...
Airi: Honestly... I get why you're trying so hard, but you also need to take your mind off of things from time to time, okay?
Shizuku: Take my mind off of things...?
Shizuku: In that case, Airi, why don't we have lunch together today? It's been so long.
Airi: Huh?
Shizuku: Talking with you is just so much fun, Airi, and it should help me relax... Would you mind?
Airi: Oh... I'm not against it, but I already promised to have lunch with someone else today.
Shizuku: Someone else?
Airi: Yeah, I promised one of the second-years that we'd have lunch together.
Airi: She's actually an idol. I ran into her while she was passing out flyers in front of the station.
Airi: Not only that, she's a student here.
Shizuku: Really...? That's quite the coincidence.
Airi: I know, right? We were going to have lunch while I told her more of what I thought about her show...
Airi: But how would you feel about joining us, Shizuku?
Shizuku: What? Wait, Airi, it sounds she's really looking forward to talking to you...
Airi: I wouldn't worry since she seems to be a fan of idols in general. If anything, she's probably gonna be ecstatic about getting to talk to you, Shizuku.
Airi: However, if you don't feel comfortable, then you and I can have lunch together at a later date!
Shizuku: Yes, well...
Shizuku: (If she's a fan of idols, then she likely sees me as that perfect person who can do anything.)
Shizuku: (Which means I'd have to keep my guard up...)
Shizuku: (But I don't know when I'll get to see Airi next, and I am curious as to what this girl is like.)
Shizuku: Thank you. In that case, would it be alright if I joined you two?
Airi: Okay, no problem!
Airi: Oh, there's the bell. See you later.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Lunch break]

[Courtyard]

Airi: <I'll be sitting on the bench under the tree.> Send...
Airi: Okay, I've let her know where we are, so she should be here soon.
Shizuku: Thank you. You said her name is Minori Hanasato, yes? I'm looking forward to meeting her.
Shizuku: (But I also need to be very careful not to leave her disillusioned...!)
Minori: Mooomoooiii!
Shizuku: Huh?
Minori: Huff... Huff... Thank you for waiting!
Airi: We've hardly been waiting at all. I only messaged you a second ago.
Shizuku: You came over here in a hurry, didn't you?
Minori: Yes! I've really been looking forward to having lunch with her!
Minori: Wait, what..?! Y-You're...!
Airi: Hehe. Today's special guest is Shizuku Hinomori!
Shizuku: Nice to meet you, Minori.
Minori: *Gasp*
Minori: Th-This is incredible...! Even the air around you sparkles!
Shizuku: I hope you'll forgive the sudden intrusion. Would it be alright if I joined you two today?
Minori: O-O-O-O-O-O-O-Of course! In that case, I'll give you two some space by sitting a little further away.
Airi: Why would you do that? You're the star of today's show, remember?
Minori: Huh...?
Airi: I'm here to tell you what I thought about your show, remember?
Shizuku: I'd also like to hear about what it was like. Especially since it's very difficult to earn Airi's seal of approval.
Airi: So, you sit right here in the middle.
Minori: Okay! Hehe... Pardon me!
(Black cut)
Airi: ...and seeing you do your best dancing made me want to try harder.
Minori: W-Wow...!
Minori: Thank you very much! I really appreciate you saying that Airi since you're such a veteran idol!
Shizuku: That's incredible. Airi hardly ever showers people with praise like this.
Minori: Wait, really?
Shizuku: Yes. She seldom praises me.
Airi: Every once in a while is plenty.
Minori: Hehe. You two seem so close!
Minori: Oh, that reminds me... One of my friends from class is called Shiho. She's your little sister, right, Hinomori?
Shizuku: Wait, Minori, you know Shiiー I mean, you're friends with my younger sister?
Minori: Yes, she's been such a good friend!
Shizuku: I had no idea...!
Shizuku: Thank you for being friends with her, Minori.
Shizuku: So, what do you two talk about normally?
Minori: Umm... Homework, nice things that have happened recently...
Minori: Oh, also! We talk a lot about bunnies!
Shizuku: Bunnies?
Minori: She's a member of the animal caretaker committee, right? I was also member when I was a first-year, so we take care of them together from time to time!
Minori: And—
Shizuku: Wait just a moment.
Shizuku: Shii's on the animal caretaker committee? This is news to me.
Airi: I mean, she's a high schooler now. She isn't gonna say everything to her family.
Shizuku: Yes, I understand that... But I wish she would've told me.
Shizuku: Still, it sounds like the perfect committee for her since she loves cute animals so much.
Minori: Exactly! She takes such good care of them.
Minori: She apparently even takes notes on each one's personality and holds and pets them each one differently based on her observations...
Minori: She always acts cools, but she's a nice girl who really cares about those around her!
Shizuku: Yes, she is...!
Shizuku: When I got lost at the station just the other day, she came all the way over to help me.
Minori: Wait, lost...?
Airi: Sh-Shizuku...!
Shizuku: Huh? *Gasp*
Shizuku: (Th-This is bad...! Getting to talk about Shii made me so happy that I ended up letting my guard down.)
Shizuku: Umm... Not lost, but...
Shizuku: Even when I looked at the map, I couldn't quite figure out where I was.
Airi: That's called getting lost!
Airi: Wait, uh oh...
Minori: Hinomori, does this mean...?
Shizuku: (What do I do? If I've ended up disappointing Minori...)
Minori: You can be a little absent-minded sometimes? That's really cute...!
Shizuku: What...?
Minori: Oh, I'm sorry! I realize that you're my senior...!
Airi: That's the thing. She's actually more of an airhead than you realize.
Airi: So, she can be a handful sometimes... But she also provides this sense of comfort.
Minori: Oh, I think I sorta know what you mean!
Minori: The Shizuku I see on TV and in magazines always seemed like a divine being who's both cool and beautiful...
Minori: But talking about Shiho just now, you had such a kind smile on your face, Hinomori... Just talking to you is filling me with so much warmth.
Minori: So, I'm glad that I got to learn about this other side of you. I apologize if I'm overstepping, but I feel much closer to you now!
Shizuku: Minori...
Shizuku: (She really feels that way...?)
Shizuku: (I was convinced that I'd just disappoint everyone around me if I acted like myself...)
Shizuku: (But there are people out there who are willing to accept me.)
Shizuku: (Still...)
Shizuku: Minori. Would you mind keeping this a secret between just us?
Shizuku: Because I'd like to remain the perfect version of Shizuku Hinomori in front of everyone...
Minori: Really? But I think the person I'm talking to now is a wonderful person...
Minori: But I'll keep it a secret since you're my senior! It's going with me to the grave!
Shizuku: Thank you, Minori.
Minori: But, umm...
Minori: A part of me would like to see more of this side of you from time to time...
Shizuku: I really appreciate you saying that.
Minori: Hehe. I'm glad!
Shizuku: (For some reason, I feel like I can really breathe...)
Shizuku: (I believed that I had to be the person everybody wanted me to be at all times...)
Shizuku: (But sitting here in this place... I feel like I can relax a little.)
???: I'm sure somebody out there will accept you for who you really are, Shizuku.
Shizuku: (Huh...?)
Shizuku: (That voice... Am I hearing things?)
Shizuku: (But... That's right.)
Shizuku: Um, Minori? How would you feel about us having lunch together again sometime?
Shizuku: I'd love to learn more about you.
Minori: ...! Of course! In that case, I'll make sure to prepare a really amazing self-introduction!
(Black cut)
(Video: link2_idol_ed4)
(Black cut)
