176-8 The "Me" They Expect (Shizuku Hinomori)

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

(Video: link2_idol_op4)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Photography Studio]

Photographer: Okay, we got some really good expressions out of you! Nice work, Shizuku!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000479/bg_s000479.webp)
Photographer: Your aura was on full display again today! The cover's going to look fantastic.
Shizuku: Thank you very much. I look forward to working with you again.
Shizuku: (Thank goodness. I managed to play it again today...)
Shizuku: (The role of “Shizuku Hinomori”...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: Let's see... Open this app, press the home button, and...
Shizuku: Oh, I can see it now.
Shizuku: (Thank goodness. The pictures I took at that cafe I went to the other day actually went up.)
Shizuku: (I really can't thank my manager enough for running my account.)
Shizuku: (While I'm here, I should actually check the text in the post. Let's see... “I decided to include a cardigan with my outfit since it was a little chilly. It's a little short, so I tried pairing it with some high-waisted pants.”)
Shizuku: (“I like this combination since the white and Saxe blue make for a crisp, grown-up look. Please give it a try yourself sometime.”)
Shizuku: (“I took this second picture at one my favorite cafes. I had some herbal tea while reading this book of poems that I adore.”)
Shizuku: Huh...?
Shizuku: (In the version I sent to my manager, I told everyone about that story I love so much...)
Shizuku: (But I suppose fantasy novels don't suit my persona...)
Shizuku: (Did I cause them trouble again...? I need to be more careful.)
Comments: <You look beautiful again today...> <I'm gonna study hard to learn how to put together outfits like yours, Shizuku!> <I might also try reading a book of poems.>
Shiho: Shizuku, the bath's ready. Do you wanna go now?
Shizuku: Shii...! Thank you for coming over to tell me.
Shizuku: But I'll wait until a little later. I was just about to study some fashion.
Shiho: Study? Are you gonna read through all these magazines...? I'm seeing like ten at least...
Shizuku: Yes, I'd like to brush up on the latest trends.
Shizuku: Some people have been saying how they've been using my outfits as reference, so I need to continue doing my best to keep them happy.
Shiho: I see...
Shiho: Still, are you sure you're okay?
Shizuku: Huh...?
Shiho: I mean, it seems like you haven't had much rest for a while.
Shizuku: Oh...
Shizuku: Thank you showing me so much concern, Shii.
Shizuku: But everyone wants me to be “the perfect Shizuku Hinomori”.
Shizuku: So, I need to do my research and stay up to date.
Shiho: Still, do you really need to push yourself this hard?
Shizuku: Yes. When I returned to being a model, I swore to never again run from my duties and the expectations placed on me.
Shiho: Shizuku...
Shizuku: (When I quit being an idol, it looked like I was running away... I ended up disappointing so many people as a result.)
Shizuku: (But a part of me still wanted to spread hope to others...)
Shizuku: (As fortune would have it, I was given a chance to do that as a model.)
Shizuku: (Which means I have to fulfill my duties this time around.)
Shiho: Okay... But don't go overboard, alright?
Shizuku: Thank you. I won't.
Shiho: Anyway, I'll be taking my bath first...
Shizuku: Of course. Please take your time.
Shizuku: (Shii's such a nice girl.)
Shizuku: (I feel bad about making her worry about me like this...)
Shizuku: (But the real me just isn't able to bring hope to anyone.)
Shizuku: (Which means I have to keep playing the person that everybody wants me to be.)
(Black cut)
