172-5 Nightmare

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Megurine Luka)

[Rui's Room]

Rui: (Before I begin work on the concept or script for my show, I should go over my objectives.)
Rui: First, I have to produce it from scratch.
Rui: It must be completely original, and something that could be performed at ArcLand.
Rui: And what I'll be aiming for is a show that appeals to all audiences. A show that has the power to bring everybody together.
Rui: (Yes, just like “Goodbye Ghosts”.)
Rui: I tried to achieve those objectives with my self-intro show...
Rui: And I was told that it was “insipid”.
Rui: The fact of the matter is that “Goodbye Ghosts” is miles ahead of anything I've ever made...
Rui: (It's difficult to put into words... But Tom's shows have “depth”.)
Rui: (The problem is, I have no idea how to capture that.)
Rui: Digging deeper into the themes, adjusting the direction... All I can do right now is explore my options and see what sticks.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Math Teacher: Remember this formula, because you'll be using it a lot moving forward. And yes, it will be on the test.
Rui: (If I'm going to achieve that level of depth, then I'll need to find a theme I'm intimately familiar with.)
Rui: Personally... Building machines, creating shows and school life immediately come to mind.
Rui: I could try different combinations of those things, and...
Math Teacher: ...
Math Teacher: Kamishiro, try solving problem three in the textbook for us.
Rui: X-squared minus three.
Math Teacher: Correct.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: (I've come up with a number of ideas, but none of them seem to fit the bill.)
Rui: (It works as a show... But it also feels like it's been jury-rigged together using things taken from existing works.)
Rui: (More to the point, I don't find it interesting.)
Rui: I should start over.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Scramble Crossing]

Rui: We're all here. So, let's head over to ArcLand, shall we?
Tsukasa: Yes! But before we do...
Nene: Have you been getting enough sleep lately, Rui?
Rui: Huh?
Nene: You have huge bags under your eyes.
Emu: Yeah, and you just seem really tired all over.
Tsukasa: We heard about what you've all been doing for the directors' course. It's a fairly brutal schedule, isn't it?
Tsukasa: I understand what it's like to push yourself when you feel you really have to. I've experienced something similar, myself.
Tsukasa: But... Don't push yourself too hard.
Emu: Let us know if you need our help! We might be able to lend you a hand!
Rui: Thank you all very much.
Rui: Yes, I have had quite a lot to think about regarding the assignment. I am a bit sleep-deprived, but I'm fine.
Rui: Because I see the wall which I need to overcome now. So, please bear with me for a little bit longer.
Nene: Okay... But don't overdo it.
Rui: I won't.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Evening]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rui: (I was hoping that a change of scenery would help me come up with better ideas...)
Rui: (But my brain feels like it's at a standstill.)
Rui: I didn't mean to worry the others earlier.
Rui: (The actors likely have it just as hard. And they'll be assisting with our work on top of their own, soon.)
Rui: (The longer I delay my staging and script, the less time they'll have to rehearse.)
Rui: (I need to avoid that at all costs...)
Rui: (But this lack of sleep is hindering my thought process...)
Rui: (I should take a quick nap.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: (My body feels so heavy.)
Rui: (It's like something is tangled around my feet...)
???: <Hey...>
Rui: Huh? Who said that just now?
???: <Hey, why won't you look me in the eye?>
Rui: In the eye...? What are you talking about?
???: <Pretending that I'm not here won't help. I'm not going anywhere.>
???: <Because I'm...>
(Black cut)
???: Rui...
???: Rui, are you okay?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000465/bg_s000465.webp)
Luka (WxS): Oh, thank goodness. You're finally awake.
Rui: Luka...?
Luka (WxS): I'm sorry for waking you.
Luka (WxS): But you seemed to be suffering in your sleep.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: In my sleep...
Rui: (Ah, of course... That was all a dream.)
Rui: If anything, I should thank you for waking me.
Rui: Still, Luka, what are you doing here?
Luka (WxS): Hehe. I was going to see if the plushies would like to take a nap on the stage with me.
Luka (WxS): KAITO made so many fluffy cloud cushions for the show we're going to be doing soon.
Luka (WxS): He said that I could use them within reason, so I was going to go invite everyone.
Luka (WxS): Doesn't it sound like you would have the most wonderful dreams?
Rui: I see. Yes, I'm inclined to agree with you.
Luka (WxS): But your dream seemed more like a nightmare, Rui...
Rui: I'm not sure. I don't actually remember much of it.
Rui: But it felt so real... I didn't realize that it was a dream until I woke up just now.
Luka (WxS): That sounds terrible...
Rui: (Still, that voice... I remember hearing somewhere that dreams are manifestations of your innermost thoughts.)
Rui: (Perhaps I'm more deeply stressed than I had realized.)
Luka (WxS): Oh, Rui, can I take this opportunity to toss you a little riddle?
Rui: A riddle...?
Luka (WxS): Yes. I'm sure you'll solve it right away.
Luka (WxS): When someone is having a bad dream, but doesn't know that they're dreaming...
Luka (WxS): What's the best thing they can do to wake up?
Rui: ...
Rui: Have someone else wake them up?
Luka (WxS): Yes, that's right♪
Rui: That was the situation I was in just now, after all.
Luka (WxS): Hehe. See? You solved it right away.
Luka (WxS): There are certain realizations that you can't make on your own. Things you can't see without someone else's help.
Luka (WxS): So, if something is preventing you from having nice dreams...
Luka (WxS): Then I think you should ask others for their help. To wake you up.
Luka (WxS): Isn't there someone perfectly placed to help you out with this problem?
Rui: (Yes, I have more or less exhausted all of my options...)
Rui: (If nothing I've tried has given me even a light at the end of the tunnel...)
Rui: (Then I should try to solve this puzzle a different way.)
Rui: You're right. I can't stay stuck in this nightmare forever.
Rui: I don't know how well things are going to go, but I'll try what I can.
Luka (WxS): Good. I believe in you, Rui.
(Black cut)
