182-7 A Chain Reaction

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Utaite A: What should we cover next? Any songs got your attention lately, Yukki?
Utaite B: How about “WITH”? It's big on TrickTrick and people have really been talking about it.
Utaite A: Oh, I've heard that one! It's got that back-and-forth with the vocals, so it should be a good one for us to do together.
Utaite B: Right?! Then, about who does which part...
(Background change)
High Schooler A: Isn't the song in this video awesome?!
High Schooler B: Totally! Was it originally a VIRTUAL SINGER song?
High Schooler A: I think so! I really like the way they arranged it for this cover. Wouldn't it be great for our next dance video?
High Schooler B: Yeah, that sounds fun! How do we wanna choreograph it?
(Background change)
University Student: Wow... Aoi's newest video is another insanely impressive one.
University Student: Oh hey, there are a bunch of videos using this song... This one must be a dance video.
University Student: I know. How fun would it be if Miku was there to cheer on a girl doing this dance? Let me try drawing that...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A]

Ichika: This fan art is amazing... Miku and the girl each have half a set of wings, and they're flying through the sky together... Hehe, they must be having so much fun.
Ichika: (Maybe the artist got the idea from the lyrics to “WITH”. “The wings you gave me will take me anywhere”.)
Ichika: (Oh...! Someone else posted a dance video. I guess the audio is from someone's cover. They look like they're having a lot of fun too...)
Ichika: (Wait, this art... It's of Miku watching a girl dance. Is it based on the dance video?)
Ichika: Wow...
Classmate: Hey, Hoshino. Do you have a minute?
Ichika: Oh, sure, no problem. What is it?
Classmate: So, I was wondering... Would you happen to be the one who wrote that “WITH” song that's going viral?
Classmate: The singer in the chorus kinda sounds like you...
Ichika: Yes, I wrote it...
Classmate: Whoa, seriously?! Wow, that's amazing! The one who made it was right here this whole time...!!
Classmate: Would you be okay to shake hands? I wanna brag to my sister!
Ichika: H-Huh...?
Classmate: Oh, sorry, that came out of the blue...! My older sister is a big fan of VIRTUAL SINGERS and stuff.
Classmate: I don't really follow all of it myself, but I do listen sometimes, like if a song comes up in my recommendations.
Ichika: I see.
Classmate: Yup! And your song was really good! It's in my favorites now and I've listened to it so many times.
Ichika: Wow, thank you! That makes me so happy to hear...!
Classmate: Everybody's talking about it, huh? It even made it into the trend rankings.
Ichika: I didn't expect it to get this much attention myself. I just made it for fun...
Classmate: Hahaha! It wouldn't hurt to celebrate a little, y'know?
Classmate: Oh, I know. Do you think you could recommend me any Miku songs or anything?
Classmate: I wanna listen to more stuff, but my sister will never stop talking if I ask her.
Ichika: Sure, I can do that!
Ichika: Just give me a minute and I'll pull up my playlists...
Honami: (I can tell Ichika is in a great mood.)
Honami: (Her Miku song has gotten popular, and there seem to be more people coming to talk to her at school...)
Shiho: Morning, Honami. Got a sec?
Honami: Oh, Shiho... Yes, what is it?
Shiho: I wanna hash something out about the solo show. I was thinking we could have a quick chat once Saki made it to school, but...
Shiho: Looks like Ichika's busy.
Honami: Hehe. From what I heard, they're talking about Miku because of Ichika's song.
Shiho: Ah, gotcha. It does feel like people have been approaching her more since the song went big.
Shiho: Well, if now's not a good time, then let's just do after school. I'm fine as long as we get a chance to talk before practice.
Shiho: I'd feel bad butting in when she's having fun.
Honami: Hehe, okay. I'll let Ichika know.
Shiho: Thanks. Alright, see you later.
Classmate: Oh wow! Miku sounds so cool in this one! I had no idea there were Miku songs like this...
Ichika: If you like rock, I recommend this artist too.
Ichika: Their music videos are really well made, and the way Miku sings is so intense! The latest song they put out is—
Ichika: Oh...
Classmate: Whoa, look at the time! Sorry, Hoshino, I got totally absorbed...!
Ichika: Not at all, I was happy for the chance to talk.
Classmate: Same here! Once I've listened to all the songs you told me about, I'll come let you know what I thought!
Ichika: Sounds good, thanks...!
Ichika: Hehe... I never saw myself chatting with someone in my class about this stuff.
Ichika: (Whether they already knew about Miku or not, so many people have listened to my song...)
Ichika: (That's led to all sorts of new creations, and fresh connections too.)
Ichika: (It's a notification from the video site...)
Ichika: (Did someone leave another comment? Let's see...)
Ichika: (Huh, it's not for a comment... It's about the view count?)
Ichika: Oh...!
(Black cut)
