182-5 Shocking Notifications

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Saki: A video for your song...?!
Ichika: Yeah... They made a short with their own fan art, and asked for permission to use my song in their post.
Ichika: It was such a polite request... They emphasized that there was no pressure, and even complimented the song and mentioned how it moved them.
Honami: I see... Your song must have really resonated with them, Ichika.
Ichika: Do you really think so...?
Shiho: Why do you sound so unsure of yourself?
Ichika: Huh? Um, that's not it, exactly...
Ichika: It's just that this all feels like a dream.
Saki: What do you mean?
Ichika: So, they sent the video to let me know what I'd be agreeing to... Could you all look at the thumbnail?
Saki: Whoa, can we?! Awesome! Wait, huh?
Shiho: I feel like I've seen this art style...
Honami: Me too. Where was that...?
Honami: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Female High Schooler A: Hey, check out that screen over there! It's Miku!
(White cut)
Ichika: I'm pretty sure you're both thinking of the same artist. They go by Aoi.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Saki: Is this from Aoi...?!
Ichika: Yeah. When I first saw the DM, I assumed it was someone else going by the same name...
Ichika: But when I saw this thumbnail and watched the video, I realized it really is the Aoi I know.
Honami: That's amazing...!
Saki: They didn't just like your song, they even made a video for it!
Ichika: Y-Yeah, exactly...
Ichika: It really does feel like a dream... It's just so much to take in, and my head's up in the clouds...
Honami: You were telling us how much you love Aoi's videos.
Honami: I imagine I'd react the same way if I got contacted by someone I respect that much.
Shiho: Sure, I get that. But wow, so that's why you've been so off today.
Ichika: I-I mean, I never expected this to happen...!
Ichika: Aoi loves Miku songs, so apparently they make a habit of listening to any new ones they can find.
Ichika: They found my song the same way, and sent me their thoughts...
Ichika: Not only that, they took what they felt and made something out of it.
Ichika: I don't know exactly how to put it... But I think that's really special.
Shiho: From the sound of it, I guess you gave the okay?
Ichika: Yeah...
Ichika: They said they'd post it on TrickTrick around noon today, so it should be up anytime now.
Saki: For real?! Let's see what a search gets us♪
Saki: Let's see, “Aoi” and “WITH”... Oh, is this it? A short came up!
Honami: There it is. It already has quite a few views.
Saki: Whoa, everybody's way too fast! Let's add our view♪
Saki: There!
Shiho: This is...
Honami: Wow...! It looks like it could be a movie trailer.
Saki: Totally! Oh, Miku had such a cute expression there!
Shiho: Yeah, this is pretty amazing...
Shiho: All these characters besides Miku are showing up too. Did they add a little bit of a story to go with the song?
Ichika: Yeah. The video covers the pre-chorus and the chorus.
Ichika: You see all these people working towards their dreams, and how Miku is there by their side or pushing them forward. And then...right here!
Honami: Ah...!
Ichika: The moment the chorus starts, Miku reaches her hand out to you.
Honami: She really did... My heart skipped a beat because it looked just like she jumped out of the screen.
Ichika: Hehe. I know, right?
Ichika: It's like your eyes are meeting for the first time, after always seeing her through a screen... It's really well done.
Ichika: I just love this part. It reminds me of the first time I went to SEKAI.
Shiho: To SEKAI?
Ichika: Yeah. When I met Miku and Luka... So much changed for me back then.
Saki: Oh...
Saki: I kinda get what you mean!
Shiho: This part of the song is based on what you felt the first time you heard a Miku song, right?
Honami: Then, maybe Aoi picked up on that and came up with a scene to match.
Ichika: Maybe they did, but...
Ichika: I think it's possible that Aoi felt the same way at some point.
Shiho: Huh?
Ichika: I think something might have changed for them when they first met Miku... And they based this scene off of what they felt then.
Ichika: That would explain why the Miku in this video looks so full of life.
Ichika: Oh, but maybe I'm letting my imagination get away from me...
Honami: Ichika...
Shiho: I dunno, something tells me you're not too far off the mark.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Ichika: Phew...
Saki: Ohh, my fingers are throbbing...!
Shiho: Our exhaustion's starting to pile up, so let's take a break here. Fifteen minutes okay?
Honami: That should be fine. I have some sweet treats and drinks, so feel free to have some.
Saki: Oooh! Thanks, Hona!
Shiho: And suddenly you're fully recovered...
Honami: Was that your phone, Ichika?
Ichika: Oh...! My video probably got some new comments.
Ichika: More and more people have been watching it since Aoi's short went up...
Saki: It's been getting so many views! It was at around 50,000 last night, and now...
Saki: Wait, 150,000 already?!
Honami: That's an incredible pace...
Ichika: It is... It doesn't quite feel real, to be honest.
Ichika: (I never imagined this would be how it spread...)
Comments: <This made me remember my first time hearing one of Miku's songs.> <Miku was there for me in a big way during my exam prep. I wouldn't have been able to hang in there for so long without her.>
Comments: <Hadn't listened to a Miku song in a while, but this came up in my recommended and reminded me how great she is!>
Comments: <I'm learning to compose so I can have Miku sing for me someday. This song will help me stick to it!>
Ichika: So many different people are listening...
(Black cut)
