182-3 A Flood of Ideas

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

[Ichika's Room]

Ichika: What direction should I take this time...?
Ichika: (I guess it's been a while since I made a song just for myself and not for a request or one of our shows.)
Ichika: Oh yeah, didn't the voice library get expanded in the last update?
Ichika: Maybe I should keep the intro a cappella and have her sing in her new voice.
Ichika: Oh, it might also be good to try out some different chords from usual. When I saw that other Miku song posted the other day, it struck me how...
Ichika: (This is kind of refreshing.)
Ichika: (Up until now, I've always had a specific idea in mind when I started writing a song...)
Ichika: (But it's also fun to start by asking how I want to hear Miku sing.)
Ichika: A Miku song...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (The reason I make music now is because I learned about Miku that day.)
Ichika: (She's been the one to push me every step of the way, from when we first formed our band to when I started composing.)
Ichika: (It's thanks to her that I've been able to experience all these new things.)
Ichika: (That's it... I can make that the theme of my song. “What Miku means to me”.)
Ichika: (The impact I felt the first time I saw her, the joy I felt the first time I played one of her songs with everyone...)
Ichika: (The surprise I felt when we first met in SEKAI... And the gratitude I have to her for bringing me this far.)
Ichika: Hehe... I have so much to say.
Ichika: (I'll take everything Miku has given me, and put it into this song...)
Ichika: (I'll make our story into music.)
Ichika: Yeah.
Ichika: Then... For the lyrics, I should probably start with the moment I discovered her and go from there.
Ichika: I can use what I come up with to figure out the melody.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: “The bonds you gave me, still light up my life”...
Ichika: Yeah, this feels better than what I had before.
Shiho: Oh, Ichika, you're here already... Wait, what are you doing?
Ichika: Just adjusting some lyrics. I noticed some room for improvement when I gave them another read.
Honami: That's right, you mentioned you were going to write a Miku song.
Saki: The plan's to make it all about how much you adore Miku, yeah?! I can't wait till it's finished♪
Ichika: Adore... It's a little embarrassing hearing you say it like that...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: Yeah, this might work...!
Ichika: I'm glad I took the plunge and tried lowering the tempo for the pre-chorus. It gives the chorus a more brisk feel by comparison.
Ichika: This part expresses what I felt seeing Miku for the first time... I want it to stand out a bit more.
Ichika: I could have her sing the same phrase a few times over, adding more layers in with a slight delay each time, or... Oh!
Ichika: (Right, that should be perfect...!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Great. I think adding reverb gave me that full sound I wanted during the bridge.
Ichika: (It really does feel amazing when things turn out the way you imagined them.)
Ichika: (But if I want it to fit the lyrics, I might want to emphasize the idea of being together with Miku.)
Ichika: I could add instrumentals in unison with her singing, or...
Miku (Ln): Huh? I didn't realize you were still here, Ichika.
Ichika: Oh, Miku...!
Miku (Ln): Len and the others were just telling me how you've been working on a new song lately... Is that the one?
Ichika: Yeah. Um, it's kind of embarrassing to say, but...
Ichika: I'm hoping to make a song about our story and what you mean to me.
Miku (Ln): Huh... I'd love to hear it.
Ichika: You would?! Um, I'm glad to hear that, but... I don't think it's ready yet.
Miku (Ln): Really? That's too bad.
Ichika: I mean, I'm even making it with your voice... I'd rather have you listen when it's finished.
Miku (Ln): Got it. In that case, I'll be patient.
Miku (Ln): Rin and them were really curious too, so I'll look forward to hearing it with everyone.
Ichika: Actually, for the chorus, I plan to include my own voice too. I want it to feel like you and I are a team.
Miku (Ln): A team?
Ichika: I had this thought as I was writing it...
Ichika: This is my first time really digging deep into our story for a song.
Ichika: So, I want to do something special with it, you know?
Miku (Ln): So that's why...
Ichika: Yeah. Also... The lyrics during the chorus are something I want to sing myself.
Ichika: I want to let the excitement I felt meeting you for the first time come through in my voice...
Ichika: And what I felt back then is something I want to tell you about!
Miku (Ln): I see.
Miku (Ln): I'm excited to see how it turns out.
Ichika: Miku...
Ichika: Every song I make with you is special... And I can tell this one's going to be no exception. So...
Ichika: I hope you'll look forward to hearing it.
Miku (Ln): Of course. I'll be waiting.
(Black cut)
