182-2 An Urge Takes Root

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

[Scramble Crossing]

Saki: Phew, I'm all tired out!
Ichika: We stayed focused practicing the new song until it was time to go, after all. Today was more tiring than usual for me too...
Ichika: I don't think we could've stuck to it like that if it weren't for Honami's pick-me-up.
Saki: For real! Those rice balls totally saved the day!
Saki: We were even the most in sync during that last performance, so maybe that was the rice ball energy kicking in♪
Shiho: Sounds like a weird energy to have...
Shiho: Still, all that focus gave us pretty good results.
Shiho: Playing for Miku and the others and getting an idea of how our audience will react was probably big too.
Honami: It was nice to see that they enjoyed it so much.
Ichika: Oh, that reminds me. I had this thought...
Ichika: What do you all think of adding in another lighting effect when we perform our new song at the solo show?
Shiho: A lighting effect?
Ichika: Yeah. Remember how Rin and Len started clapping and stuff around the last chorus?
Ichika: I was thinking that if we have the lights move off the stage and onto the audience, the fact that this song is meant for them would come across better.
Saki: Wow, I like that! It'll really feel like a gift from us to them!
Honami: Let's try suggesting that to the staff during our next meeting.
Ichika: Okay! If I have any other ideas for things to add in, I'll write them all down.
Female High Schooler A: Hey, check out that screen over there! It's Miku!
Ichika: Huh...?
Female High Schooler B: There she is. I guess it's an ad for the VIRTUAL SINGER Fan Festival.
Female High Schooler A: The design they use for Miku is so pretty... I'll snap a pic!
Ichika: Oh... It's that time already.
Saki: This year's Miku design is super cute♪ Her outfit is all angelic!
Ichika: I know... Miku really does look great in anything.
Honami: Come to think of it, I think I've seen another ad with Miku in that art style... I wonder if it was the same artist.
Shiho: Yeah, I've seen that style in the commercial for an instant noodle collab and stuff.
Ichika: I'm pretty sure you're both thinking of the same artist. They go by Aoi.
Saki: Aoi?
Ichika: Yeah. They started out making Miku fan videos...
Ichika: But they've gotten really popular recently and worked on everything from music videos to collab commercials.
Ichika: I love what they do with Miku, so I was really excited when this design got revealed...!
Honami: Wow, this person sounds very talented... I think I'll look them up later.
Ichika: Are you interested? Then, I'll have to send you my favori—
Ichika: Oh, but every Aoi video is so good... It might take me a while to narrow down what to send...
Shiho: You never could hit the brakes when it comes to Miku.
Ichika: Oh... Sorry, I lost myself there...
Saki: Hahaha♪ But that totally screams Ichi, y'know?
Honami: Hehe. I'm looking forward to your recommendations.
Ichika: Okay! I'll send you a playlist when I get home.
Ichika: Anyway, I'm stopping by the CD shop today. I'll see you all later.
Shiho: Oh yeah, you said there's a new release you were interested in. Alright, we'll catch you tomorrow.
Saki: Bye bye!
Ichika: The Fan Festival...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (Things were up in the air for a while... But we get to write a song for the next one.)
Ichika: (That makes me so happy...)
Ichika: (I've been following the Fan Festival for so long, and now I'll get to hear Miku sing one of our songs there...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): <Y'know, I felt like you were all celebrating the fact that we met... It lit this fire in my chest.>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (I want to write something that conveys how we feel, just like the one we performed today.)
Ichika: (And if I could bring Miku's fans together...)
Ichika: (Hold on, I'm getting ahead of myself... It's not happening anytime soon.)
Ichika: (But...)
Ichika: I kind of want to make a Miku song now.
Ichika: (We did finish the one we were working on for the solo show...)
Ichika: (I'll see what I can do with the extra time I have.)
(Black cut)
