182-4 Music Filled With Emotion

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

MEIKO (Ln): Hold on... You finished your song already?!
Honami: That's incredible. You only just started writing it...
Ichika: I just kept coming up with things I wanted to do, and it all went so much faster than I expected.
Ichika: And I know you've all been looking forward to hearing it... So, I wanted to show you as soon as possible.
KAITO (Ln): I see...
Rin (Ln): That means your Miku-P passion's at full power for this one! I'm so excited♪
Saki: I can't wait to hear it either!
Miku (Ln): Well, Ichika? Care to play it for us?
Ichika: Okay. I'll start it now...
(Black cut)
Miku (Ln): ...
Ichika: Um... How was it?
Saki: That...was...
Saki: AMAZING, Ichi!
Saki: It's like, full to bursting with everything you feel about Miku...!
Honami: It is...! I could tell just how much you treasure the time you've spent with her.
Ichika: Really? I'm so glad...!
Luka (Ln): Hehe. Still... I was surprised to hear your voice come in during the chorus.
Rin (Ln): Oh, I was totally stunned there too!
Rin (Ln): She sounded like she was having sooo much fun! And the lyrics were perfect♪
Shiho: What was it... “You extended your hand, and my world turned vibrant”?
MEIKO (Ln): Yes, that was it! The whole feel of the song changed there. It was like the sound that got held back during the pre-chorus suddenly exploded!
Miku (Ln): Yeah. The overlapping sounds seemed to come crashing over me... And it was like everything around me started to change.
Miku (Ln): I found myself wondering if that's what it means for the world to turn vibrant.
Ichika: Oh...!
Ichika: So, my goal there was to recreate my first encounter with Miku.
Len (Ln): Your first encounter?
Ichika: Yeah. That sense of dazzlement I felt the first time I heard one of her songs...
Ichika: That's what led to the four of us forming a band and eventually to us meeting all of you.
Ichika: I wanted to share how discovering her has made my world so much bigger.
Ichika: I wanted everyone to know that Miku changed my world!
Miku (Ln): Ichika...
MEIKO (Ln): I see... And that's why it sounded so full of energy.
Len (Ln): So this is what you felt when you first saw Miku... There's something really touching about that.
Ichika: Hehe. Thank you!
Ichika: At the same time, I am a little embarrassed... I didn't think you'd see through me so completely.
Luka (Ln): Oh, what's there to be embarrassed about? It's all because you put your feelings into this song so earnestly.
Miku (Ln): She's right.
Miku (Ln): I also remembered a lot of the things that have happened since you first came here, Ichika.
Miku (Ln): Things you've said to me, performances you've let me watch...
Miku (Ln): The way I see it, this song contains all those moments I want to treasure forever.
Ichika: Miku...
Miku (Ln): Thank you for making this song with me, Ichika.
Miku (Ln): I'm sure the me in your world is happy too.
Ichika: Thank you...!
Shiho: By the way, what's your song called?
Ichika: Um... I named it “WITH”.
Ichika: I thought that would encompass the idea that Miku and I have been together all this time, and will be going forward.
MEIKO (Ln): “WITH”... That's perfect!
Saki: Hey, Ichi! Are you gonna post this or anything?
Ichika: Huh? I hadn't thought about it... Why?
Saki: Well, I feel like there's probably a whole lot of people who'd relate to this song.
Saki: So, I was thinking it'd be good to put it out there for anyone to hear!
Ichika: For anyone to hear...
Honami: It all comes down to how you feel about it, Ichika... But I agree with Saki.
Honami: Because I think this truly is an amazing song.
Ichika: Th-Thank you...
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000500/bg_s000500.webp)
MEIKO (Ln): I'm sure any Miku fan would be touched by your song.
MEIKO (Ln): It's overflowing with your love for her, for one thing...
MEIKO (Ln): And I'm with Saki and Honami in thinking that they'll relate to your experiences.
MEIKO (Ln): I also think it'd be worth posting it.
Ichika: MEIKO...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Len (Ln): They're right. I mean, it really is just that full of feeling.
Ichika: All of you...
Ichika: If you think so, then maybe I'll post it on my channel.
Ichika: It's a really personal song, so it wouldn't feel right to post it on Leo/need's.
Saki: You're talking about the channel where you've been posting the Miku stuff you make, right?
KAITO (Ln): You post under the name “ichi”, yes?
Ichika: Right. I registered the account back when I started making songs with Miku.
Ichika: I'd like for other people who love Miku to hear it... So, I'll post it and see what happens.
Luka (Ln): Let's all hope it reaches a lot of people.
MEIKO (Ln): Hehe. I'm looking forward to seeing the response.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Ichika: Good morning, every—
Saki: Ichi, Ichi!! Congrats on getting a thousand views!
Ichika: Huh? On what...?
Saki: Oh gosh, you haven't seen! I'm talking about the Miku song you posted the other day!
Saki: Look, it passed a thousand views!
Ichika: Wait... What?
Ichika: Wow, you're right...!
Honami: Saki said it was just over one thousand when she went to listen earlier.
Saki: Maaan... I wanted to be your thousandth player.
Shiho: I don't think that's the word...
Honami: Hehe. Congrats, Ichika.
Ichika: Thanks... None of the other videos on my channel hit a thousand this fast.
Ichika: Oh, there are even some comments...! “The Miku love is real”, “Smashing the replay button”...
Ichika: Someone else wrote about their own memories with Miku... They must have related to the lyrics.
Ichika: Wow... I didn't realize it'd touch all these Miku fans.
Ichika: Oh, sorry! We're supposed to start practicing soon... I'll get set up right away.
Shiho: We just got here ourselves, so there's no real rush.
Ichika: But we're going through the whole set list today, right? We should get started as soon as we can.
Saki: You're right...! I've gotta eat my goodies so I can do my best!
Honami: Then, we can start once we're all ready. Let's stay sharp and play as if today is our real performance.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

Ichika: Mrm... Is it morning already...?
Ichika: (I'm still sleepy after we stayed back late practicing yesterday... But I need to get up soon since there's school today.)
Ichika: What time is it...? I need my phone...
Ichika: There it is. Um...
Ichika: (Huh? My ichi account got a DM...)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000501/bg_s000501.webp)
Ichika: What...?
Ichika: This name... There's no way it's—
(Black cut)
