182-6 Moving Hearts, Connecting Minds

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, MEIKO)

[A few hours later]

[Ichika's Room]

Ichika: Okay, that was good.
Ichika: I've got a much better handle on that part I slipped up on today.
Ichika: (I want to practice some more... But I really should take a break here.)
Ichika: Oh yeah...! I just remembered, Saki sent me some “WITH” fan art she found.
Ichika: I wonder what it's all like... Huh?
Ichika: A DM? Who is it from...?
Ichika: Aoi...?
Ichika: How am I getting another DM from Aoi...?!
Ichika: (Um, I guess it must be about the video...)
Ichika: (Is there a problem? What if Aoi's fans had some things to say about it...?)
Ichika: (Oh no. If my song is causing Aoi a headache, I don't know what to do...)
Ichika: (Maybe I'm overthinking this... But if that really is happening...)
Aoi: <Thank you again for so kindly giving me permission to include your song in my video post, despite my sudden request.>
Aoi: <There seems to be a bigger response than I was expecting, so I'm concerned it may be causing you trouble in some way...>
Ichika: Oh...
Ichika: I see. They reached out because they were worried about me.
Ichika: Um, “Thank you for being so considerate.”
Ichika: “I'm actually really glad about being able to reach so many more people thanks to you!” And, send...
Ichika: Whoa, a reply already... Um...
Ichika: Oh, they said they're relieved...
Ichika: (Thank goodness...)
Ichika: (Thinking back... When I got that first message from Aoi, I was too shocked to reply with anything beyond the bare minimum.)
Ichika: (I want them to know what I thought of the video, and how much it moved me.)
Ichika: “I was so moved when I saw your video.”
Ichika: “I especially love the moment when Miku reaches out towards you”...
Aoi: <I should be the one thanking you for writing such a lovely song!>
Aoi: <So many memories of Miku surfaced as I listened to it. I remembered my first encounter with her, and how she changed my entire world.>
Aoi: <Before I knew it, I was in the deep end animating a video so that I could give shape to what I felt.>
Ichika: Aoi's entire world...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika: I wanted to share how discovering her has made my world so much bigger.
Ichika: I wanted everyone to know that Miku changed my world!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: (Aoi feels the same way as me after all...)
Ichika: Oh, another message...
Ichika: Huh...?
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Ichika: “Of course. If we ever have the opportunity, I'd be more than happy to.” Send...
Ichika: Phew...
Ichika: My heart is still racing... How am I supposed to take this?
Ichika: (I never imagined I'd get to talk about Miku with Aoi...)
Ichika: (And I definitely didn't expect that offer.)
MEIKO (Ln): <Hey there, Ichika!>
Ichika: Whoa! M-MEIKO? What brings you here?
MEIKO (Ln): <I came to congratulate you on your song. Is now a good time?>
Ichika: Sure, but... Congratulate me?
MEIKO (Ln): <Saki just told me that your song is doing incredibly well.>
MEIKO (Ln): <A famous creator made a video for it, right?>
Ichika: Oh... Yeah, that's right!
Ichika: They go by Aoi... I was actually just talking with them via DM.
MEIKO (Ln): <Wait, really? What did they say?>
Ichika: They thanked me for writing “such a lovely song”.
Ichika: We also got into a really lively discussion about Miku. And then...
Ichika: They said they'd like to create something with me one day.
Ichika: I'm supposed to reach out if I could ever use their support... They even said they could make a music video.
MEIKO (Ln): <A music video?! That's fantastic, Ichika!>
Ichika: I know...! I was so shocked, I had to do a double take.
Ichika: Having a creator I look up to say they want to work with me... The idea never even crossed my mind.
Ichika: I have Miku to thank for this, too.
Ichika: I also want to thank you, MEIKO.
MEIKO (Ln): <Huh?>
Ichika: The reason I decided to put this song out into the world is because you and the others encouraged me.
Ichika: So, thank you. I really appreciate it.
MEIKO (Ln): <Haha! All I did was say what I thought.>
MEIKO (Ln): <Also... You said you have Miku to thank, but I don't think you can call it her power alone.>
MEIKO (Ln): <You wrote the song, Ichika, and that song is what moved Aoi's heart.>
MEIKO (Ln): <To me, that sounds like your song has a power of its own.>
Ichika: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Aoi: <So many memories of Miku surfaced as I listened to it. I remembered my first encounter with her, and how she changed my entire world.>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Ichika: I see...
Ichika: I'm glad I wrote it.
Ichika: At first, I didn't have much in mind for it... I just felt like making a Miku song.
Ichika: But now I know that even a song like that can touch people.
MEIKO (Ln): <I'm glad for you.>
MEIKO (Ln): <It sounds like you've reached a lot of Miku fans out there...>
MEIKO (Ln): <And something tells me it'll just keep spreading.>
(Black cut)
