13_Shiho Hinomori_R1 Distant Loner

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Shiho: (It's so nice and quiet since nobody's here at this time.)
Shiho: (Now then... Ah, I just got a notification.)
Shiho: (It's time to feed them and clean their room.)
Shiho: Is everyone doing well? Ugh, the room is in a mess again.
Shiho: (Ah. One just came over. It moves just like a real bunny, and that's so cute...)
Shiho: Here's your food...
Shiho: Hey...don't snatch.
Shiho: Now to clean up the room and...
Shiho: Can't forget to brush them.
Shiho: (They're so happy. Hehe.)
Shiho: (I could look after real bunnies if I joined the caretaker committee, but...)
Shiho: (That would definitely interfere with my part-time job, so I'll just have to make do with this for now...)
Minori: Ah, Shiho! There you are!
Shiho: Kuh?!
Minori: Huh? Did you just, uh, hide something behind you?
Shiho: No...
Minori: Hm? Where's that beeping sound coming from?
Shiho: (I forgot to mute it... But if I close the app while I'm still caring for the animals, their affection level will drop...)
Shiho: It's probably just your imagination! I don't hear anything at all?!
Minori: Shiho, you're talking really loudly today.
Shiho: This is my normal volume. What do you want, anyway?
Minori: Oh, right! I'm here to tell you that our math and art classes have switched for today, so we'll be having art class first later.
Minori: Thought you should know since we have to change classrooms!
Shiho: (She looked all over for me just to tell me that? She's really kind to a fault...)
Shiho: Is that all? I got it, so you can go back now.
Minori: Okay. See you later!
Shiho: Sigh. Thank goodness she didn't notice what I was doing...
Shiho: Hey, everyone, I'll finish cleaning your room now—
Minori: Aww, is that a bunny pet game? They're so cute!
Shiho: Wha?! Why are you still?!
Minori: Haha... Sorry. I forgot to tell you that we'll need to bring along our picture textbook for art class later...
Shiho: Fine, I got it. I really do, so can you just please go back already—
Minori: The beeping sound just now was from this game, right? How are you supposed to care for these bunnies?
Shiho: Huh?
Minori: I play pet games sometimes too, but I don't think I've ever seen this bunny app before!
Shiho: Just normal stuff. Like feeding them, brushing them...
Shiho: If you pet them like this, they may react to it... Ah!
Shiho & Minori: So cute!
Minori: Did you see that?! The bunny's ears were bobbing!
Shiho: Yeah. That's unusual because they don't do that often...
Shiho: (Ah!)
Minori: Hehe, I didn't know you could make a face like that too♪
Shiho: What're you talking about?
Shiho: Break time's over. I'm heading back to class now.
Minori: Oh, wait for me, Shiho!
Shiho: Sigh.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Shiho: ...
Kohane: Ah... G-Good morning, Hinomori.
Shiho: Morning.
Kohane: Um... Is that a guitar case on your back?
Shiho: Hm?
Shiho: (That's a question I would expect Minori to ask, not her...)
Kohane: U-Um... D-Do you know how to play the guitar, Hinomori?
Shiho: Not the acoustic. This is a bass guitar.
Kohane: Oh, a bass guitar... I can tell you really treasure it.
Shiho: What makes you say that?
Kohane: Huh? Well, you set it down so gently just now, and in a place without too much human traffic... That's because you don't want people to accidentally kick it, right?
Shiho: Hm. You're very observant.
Shiho: You can't perform well if you don't value your instrument.
Kohane: I'm sorry?
Shiho: Something a bassist that I look up to once said.
Shiho: This bass is a model used by that bassist too.
Kohane: Ah! Okay. Hehe, you must really look up to that bassist.
Shiho: You could say that again.
Kohane: I... I recently made a new friend.
Kohane: Her father is a very well-respected person among musicians and music-lovers in the area.
Shiho: Wow, he sounds amazing.
Kohane: Yes. It's really nice to have someone like that around you. It encourages you somehow.
Shiho: Oh...
Shiho: This person who's well-respected among musicians, does he perform in live shows?
Kohane: Not anymore, but he was doing that a while ago.
Kohane: Right now, he's running a shop known as Weekend Garage.
Shiho: What... As in the live show cafe?
Kohane: You know about it?
Shiho: Yeah. It's not the genre I'm into, but that cafe's pretty well-known around here.
Kohane: I-I didn't know it was such a famous shop!
Shiho: It is. Wait a minute...
Shiho: If that's your friend's father... That means your friend is the girl with amazing singing skills that everyone's been talking about?
Kohane: Are you talking about An?
Kohane: I don't know what everyone's saying about her, but yes, she's a great singer. I sing together with her, and she teaches me sometimes.
Shiho: What? You sing together?
Shiho: You actually visit that shop, Kohane? And practice singing with that girl?
Kohane: Huh? Um... Hehehe...
Shiho: Wh-What?
Kohane: Hehe, just thinking about how you get so much more chatty when talking about anything music-related.
Shiho: Well...
Shiho: Is that bad?
Kohane: No, not at all. It makes me happy.
Kohane: I'll answer your questions in order. I visit the shop about three to four times every week, and...
(Black cut)
