14_Shiho Hinomori_R2 Leo/need

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Shiho: We're done with the warm-up.
Honami: What would you like to do now? Practice other songs until Ichika and Saki get here?
Shiho: Nah, I'd rather go over the one we just did again.
Shiho: When we played it with everyone last time, there was something off about my bass and your drums.
Honami: Ah, I noticed that too.
Honami: I'll set the metronome.
Shiho: Okay. Which part do you want to start with? The one I felt was most off was...
Honami: Bar 16, right? Can we start a little earlier, from bar 12?
Shiho: Yeah, sure. Whenever you're ready.
Honami: I'll do the count in. One, two, three, four!
(Black cut)
Shiho: Phew. I think we ironed out the kinks.
Shiho: Next time we play with everyone, it's going to be flawless.
Honami: Yes. I'm glad we got it worked out.
Honami: By the way, I spoke with Shizuku the other day.
Shiho: What did she want?
Honami: She asked about you, how you're liking playing in the band.
Honami: I told her you were enjoying it. She seemed relieved.
Shiho: ...
Shiho: (Shizuku worried about me when I stopped hanging out with Honami, Saki, and Ichika...)
Honami: Oh, and she also asked me if she could see one of our rehearsals.
Shiho: You've got to be kidding me... She wants to come and watch us?!
Honami: Um, yeah, but she said I could also just record it for her.
Shiho: Thank the stars for that. I wouldn't be able to focus on playing with her here.
Honami: But Shiho...
Shiho: Hmm?
Honami: I think she just cares a lot about you, you know?
Shiho: ...
Shiho: (Honami, you never change...)
Shiho: I know she does. Is that why you brought this up?
Honami: Yes... I'm sorry, that was uncalled for, wasn't it?
Shiho: It's alright. You're just being you.
Honami: Huh?
Shiho: (Honami's always trying to see things from other people's perspectives, wanting to help everyone.)
Shiho: (She gets misunderstood because of that, like happened earlier with her classmates, but she can't help it.)
Shiho: (I think it's admirable.)
Shiho: I'll try to give Shizuku more attention when I get home.
Honami: You will? That's great! I'm sure that'll make her happy!
Shiho: Classic Honami.
Honami: Huh?
Shiho: Nothing.
Shiho: Ichika and Saki will be here soon. Let's wrap this up.
Honami: We're going to surprise them with how perfectly locked in we're now!
Shiho: Yeah. Okay, let's play it one last time.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Live House]

Manager: Thanks for your help with the bass, Shiho. You saved the show once again.
Shiho: Don't worry about it. It's good practice for me anyhow.
Manager: I heard you formed a band with your school friends. That so?
Shiho: Oh... Yeah.
Manager: Hmm. You've turned down every single band invite before. Why the sudden change of heart?
Shiho: *shrugs*
Shiho: It wasn't such a big deal. I've known the other girls since we were little, so I thought we'd easily get along in a band.
Manager: Makes sense.
Manager: You stoked my curiosity though. I'd like to hear you guys live. Why don't you play here?
Shiho: For real?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Ichika: So, we'd be playing on a real stage, to check our setup in a real setting?
Saki: Isn't that like a huge chance for us?!
Saki: Even if we play before the venue opens to customers, without an audience, that's still us playing in a live house!
Shiho: It's just going to be a few songs, nothing like a gig.
Honami: Still, performing in a live house is going to be so exciting!
Saki: Yeah! We're doing this, right?
Shiho: If you're all up for it, I'll let my boss know later today.
Saki: Thanks sooo much, Shiho!
Shiho: Let go! Don't get clingy, I get enough of that from my sister!
Saki: Come on, you're excited too. Admit it! You're going to speak with your boss, even though you're not working today, huh?
Shiho: Uh...
Honami: Oh, it's your day off?
Ichika: Hehe. You can't fool Saki.
Shiho: I just wanted to get it out of the way.
Saki: Shiho, you've played on real stages before, right? What's it like?
Ichika: I'd like to know that too.
Shiho: You can find out for yourselves soon enough.
Saki: Boo! I'll be on edge all the time until then! I hope I don't get too stressed to play well.
Shiho: You'll be fine, just keep practicing as usual.
Saki: I guess you're right. No need to get so antsy!
Honami: But it will be different from what we're used to... I'm worried it may be so overwhelming for me that I'll miss a beat...
Shiho: Don't sweat it, Honami. You're a seasoned brass band performer, right?
Honami: But I've never played in an actual music venue before...
Ichika: I'm feeling a little anxious too, but I'm also excited for it.
Saki: Same! It's so cool that Shiho's boss is letting us, total noobs, use his stage! It's like Christmas came early!
Shiho: I earned that favor with my hard work. Gimme some praise.
Saki: Haha. You're amazing, Shiho! I'll treat you to bubble tea!
Ichika: The only thing I can offer you is a yakisoba bun...
Honami: I have some candy! Here!
Shiho: I was kidding. Cut it out, you don't owe me nothing.
Saki: Hehe. Speaking of bubble tea, I could go for some right now!
Ichika: Want to go get some? Let's move over to a cafe, relax over our bubble tea, and have Shiho tell us more about that live house.
Honami: Sounds like a plan!
Shiho: Hehe, okay.
Shiho: But we're going to rehearse after that, okay? We can't embarrass ourselves in front of my boss.
Shiho: We're going hardcore with our practice until everything's perfect, and I don't want to hear any complaints, alright?
(Black cut)
