15_Shiho Hinomori_R3 Lingering Melody

Gacha phrase: What a brutal session. Still...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Shiho: ...
Shiho: (Our jam session that day...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Shiho: Sigh... Honami, count us in.
Honami: O-Okay. Here it goes... One, two, three, four!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shiho: (Ichika, Saki, and Honami can play their instruments to an extent, but...)
Shiho: (Everyone played at their own pace, so our tempo was completely off. That wasn't a jam session at all.)
Shiho: (Well, the last time we played as a band together was so many years ago. We haven't even spoken much in the last year. There was just no way we'd be in sync.)
Shiho: (It was such a terrible session...)
Shiho: (Yet...)
Shiho: (I can't forget the music we made together that day...)
Shiho: (I wonder why?)
Kohane: Good morning, Shiho!
Shiho: Morning...
Minori: Morning! Hey, there's something we wanted to show you!
Shiho: Don't bother.
Minori: What?! At least a glance! Just a single glance will do!
Shiho: Sigh... What is it?
Minori: Yeah! Okay, here... Hm? Um, where'd I put that thing?
Kohane: I think you folded it up and put it in your pocket. Oh, not that pocket... Yes, that one.
Shiho: ...
Shiho: (Most of my classmates don't even bother trying to talk to me.)
Shiho: (Except these two. They talk to me like it's only natural, and greet me in the morning and before leaving school.)
Shiho: (But they're not trying to meddle with me because I'm always alone or anything...)
Shiho: (It feels like...they just really want to talk to me.)
Shiho: (Just like Saki in the past.)
Shiho: (I'd tell her I wanted to play my games or be alone but she'd ask me to show her the game or play together. She just wouldn't leave me alone.)
Shiho: (She was really persistent back then...)
Shiho: (Minori and Kohane are quite normal compared to her.)
Minori: Found it! Here you go, Shiho!
Shiho: A flyer?
Kohane: Yes. They were giving it out at the station. I think some rock bands in this town are gathering for an event.
Minori: This is the part we wanted to show you! You see? There are a few girl bands taking part too!
Shiho: Okay. And?
Minori: And... I've never gone to a live show of a rock band before.
Kohane: Me too. I visit live music clubs sometimes, but I've never been to a rock show before, so...
Minori: So...
Kohane: ...
Shiho: (Why are they looking at me like that...?)
Shiho: Sigh... What exactly do you want me to do?
Minori: Um! We want you to come to the show with us!
Kohane: Yes, yes...
Shiho: (I thought so...)
Shiho: Well, it's not like I'm not interested in this event...
Minori: Really?! Thanks, Shiho! We were a little apprehensive about going if it was just the two of us.
Kohane: Yes, thank you, Shiho!
Shiho: Wait... Hang on, I didn't say I was going—
Minori: Okay, let's decide on a time to meet! Let's see... The venue opens at 5:00 PM, so...
Kohane: They'll be selling merchandise too, so it may be better for us to go earlier. What do you think, Shiho?
Shiho: They even have a one-track mind like her...
Minori: What?
Shiho: Nothing.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Shiho: (Where should I have my lunch? Since the weather's pretty good today, the rooftop will probably be too crowded...)
Shiho: (Hm? Isn't that...)
Honami: And also... We practiced the rhythm section parts together the other day!)
Shizuku: That's just wonderful... Oh?
Shizuku: My dearest Shii!
Shiho: You don't have to shout, I can hear you.
Honami: Hello, Shiho! Going for lunch?
Shiho: Yes. You?
Honami: Same. But I have a club meeting to attend, so I'll be having lunch in the home economics room.
Shizuku: Oh dear, I didn't know you had to be somewhere. I'm sorry for holding you back, Honami.
Honami: It's okay! Well, I really have to go now. See you after school, Shiho!
Shizuku: I'm going to have my lunch now too, Shii!
Shiho: Ugh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Shizuku: Hehe, it's been such a long time since we've had the chance to eat lunch together by ourselves.
Shiho: Yeah, whatever...
Shizuku: Hehe...
Shiho: Hey, you're too close. I can't eat like this.
Shizuku: Mhm...
Shiho: Are you listening to me? We're already in high school. Stop being so clingy.
Shizuku: I'm sorry. It's just... I'm so happy.
Shiho: About eating lunch together?
Shizuku: No, it's not that...
Shizuku: You started a band with Honami, Ichika, and Saki, right? That's what I'm happy about.
Shiho: Huh?
Shizuku: I've been so worried ever since Saki was hospitalized.
Shizuku: Ichika and Honami suddenly stopped coming over to play. I really thought something had happened.
Shizuku: And you sometimes come home from school looking so upset.
Shiho: ...
Shizuku: You seldom talk to me about what's going on in your life, so...
Shiho: I...
Shizuku: So I'm happy to see the four of you getting along so well again, like you used to.
Shiho: Thanks...
Shiho: But...what about you?
Shizuku: Hm?
Shiho: Your work and group members. I know you were stressed, but you didn't say anything about it, either...
Shizuku: Ah...
Shiho: I even had to find out that you'd quit from the news...
Shiho: You see? You don't talk to me about the important stuff, either.
Shizuku: Oh, Shii!
Shiho: Whoa, wh-what?! Don't hug me all of a sudden like that!
Shizuku: I had no idea you cared so much about me!
Shiho: I-I told you to stop being so clingy!
Shizuku: I love you, Shii!
Shiho: Fine! I get it! So just listen to me for a minute!
(Black cut)
