111_Shiho Hinomori_R4 Recognizable Passion (event_1)

Gacha phrase: You never say what's important.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Hmm...
Luka: Hello, Shiho.
Miku (Ln): You're the first. Thinking of doing some self-practice?
Shiho: Yes, and...
Shiho: Hmm...
Shiho: Um, Luka?
Luka: What's wrong?
Shiho: Thanks...for your concern about Saki.
Luka: It's no problem at all. I only mentioned it because I was a little worried, too.
Shiho: But I didn't take your advice in the end, and that's why Saki...
Miku (Ln): Shiho...
Shiho: I know it's a little too late to be asking, but I really want to make sure this is the last time it happens.
Shiho: So please, tell me how you knew Saki wasn't feeling well.
Luka: Hehe. You... Well, all of you are such devoted friends.
Luka: But the truth is, I don't think I'll be very helpful.
Luka: I'm sure it was only by coincidence that I noticed.
Shiho: Coincidence?
Luka: Saki was trying really hard to hide the fact that she wasn't feeling well from all of you.
Luka: Because of that, she wasn't paying much attention to how she was behaving around Miku and myself.
Shiho: And that's why you noticed...
Luka: Yes. You don't sound very convinced, though?
Shiho: No, that's not it...
Luka: Hehe. You really care very deeply about Saki.
Miku (Ln): In the same way, I'm sure Saki cares very deeply about you, Ichika, and Honami as well.
Miku (Ln): That's why she tried to hide her ill health. She didn't want to lose any precious time at all.
Luka: Yes, because she truly values the time she can spend with all of you.
Luka: I'm sure that's how she was able to conquer her illness too.
Shiho: Yes...
Shiho: She would always put on a bright smile for us, even though she must've been in so much pain.
Shiho: Saki is really strong.
Miku (Ln): Admittedly, though, that strength of hers can become a cause for concern sometimes.
Luka: Yes, like the way she overexerted herself this time.
Shiho: I wish she would trust us more.
Shiho: She's quick to agree to almost every weird suggestion any of us makes...
Shiho: But hesitates to tell us the really important things.
Miku (Ln): But I must say, I feel like I've gotten to know Saki a little better after this episode.
Luka: I know what you mean. That's not going to be enough to help put Shiho's mind at ease about Saki, though.
Luka: If you don't mind, I hope you can continue to keep an eye on her for just a little while more.
Shiho: Yes, I fully intend on doing just that.
Shiho: Thank you for everything, Luka and Miku.
Saki: Miku, Luka, hello! Huh? Shiho's here too?
Ichika: You're really early.
Honami: Oh dear, I hope we didn't interrupt your conversation?
Shiho: No. We were almost done talking anyway.
Saki: Nrgh...
Shiho: Wh-What is it? Stop staring at me.
Saki: Are you hiding something from us, Shiho?
Shiho: N-No, I'm not...
Saki: No way! You were definitely sharing secrets with them!
Shiho: I already said, I'm not hiding anything.
Saki: Fine, then. I'll just ask Luka and Miku about it.
Shiho: Hey, w-wait a minute!
Ichika: The way she reacted...
Honami: Hehe. Saki guessed correctly, then.
Saki: It's not too late for you to confess, yet!
Shiho: Sure, whatever! Anyway, we should be practicing! Let's start practicing!
Saki: What? Wait for me, Shiho!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Ichika: ♪——! ——!
Shiho: Stop.
Shiho: Ichika, you're too fast. Pay closer attention to the sounds around you.
Ichika: Oh, I am? I'm sorry, I didn't notice at all.
Shiho: It started about two bars before the hook. Be careful.
Saki: Oh, that's the part I'm not too sure about, too...
Shiho: I didn't notice anything about your performance just now, but—
Saki: Ah, right! Don't play something without confidence, right? I'll make it work!
Shiho: Good. Ichika, can you do it?
Ichika: Um... Can we lower the tempo slightly for now? I want to know where I went wrong.
Shiho: In that case, we should start from the top of the verse instead.
Honami: All right. Let's go, then. One, two, three, four!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama Street]

Honami: Ichika was having a really tough time before the chorus.
Shiho: Yes. There's a key change there, and it was already a difficult chord to begin with.
Shiho: But if she focuses too much on the sound, she may lose the momentum and sharpness she currently has.
Shiho: Actually, I wanted to discuss that with you. Is there anything we can do instead?
Honami: Yes. The rhythm section has to step up at times like these.
Honami: I can try adjusting my method of drumming, if that will do.
Honami: Or I can make each beat louder so she can hear better.
Shiho: Yeah. It may be easier for Ichika to play her guitar if we change the way she listens to the other sounds.
Honami: Hehe...
Shiho: Huh? What is it?
Honami: Nothing. It's just that you seem so happy.
Honami: Anyway, you have to go to your part-time job now, right? Good luck and see you tomorrow.
Shiho: Yeah. See you tomorrow.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Live House]

Shiho: Clean up is done. Now to take stock of the equipment—
Guitarist: Found you! Shiho!
Shiho: Oh, hello. Long time no see. Do you need help with your performance today too?
Guitarist: No, I'm just here to talk because the owner said you finally joined a band!
Shiho: I didn't really join a band... More like I formed a band with four of my childhood friends.
Guitarist: Childhood friends? Girls? Boys?
Shiho: Huh? All girls, why?
Guitarist: So a girl band like mine! I see... The lone wolf Shiho finally has a band to call home too, huh?
Guitarist: Hehe. Your aura has changed somewhat recently too. And your performance.
Shiho: What? I haven't change the way I perform, though.
Guitarist: Really? Well, do you remember the time about a month ago when I asked you to help with our performance?
Guitarist: Back then, it felt like you were trying to pull us together by using sheer technique and sharp playing to cover over our quirks and mistakes.
Guitarist: But a short while ago, when you helped again, it felt more like you were trying to bring out the best in us by using your skills to enhance our deficiencies and quirks.
Shiho: Oh...really?
Guitarist: Yup. Wish we could have you in our band, but you wouldn't have found that style of performing with us, right?
Guitarist: You have some great friends, Shiho.
Shiho: Yes. We're not quite anything like an actual band yet, but it's really fun to play together with them.
Guitarist: I agree! Nothing beats performing together with the people you can have the most fun with!
Guitarist: By the way, do you already have a name for your band?
Shiho: Yes. We adapted it from the Leonids meteor shower that we saw together a long time ago.
Shiho: Leo/need. That's the name of our band.
(Black cut)
