159_Shiho Hinomori_R2 Varied Kindness (event_10)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Shall we try rehearsing as a group now?
Shiho: Yeah. Honami, count us in.
Honami: ...
Shiho: Honami...?
Honami: Oh! I-I'm so sorry. I just spaced out for a second...!
Shiho: ...
Shiho: (Honami's not really focused on practice. It's probably because of the choir recital...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Ichika: So your class had a bit of a fight over that?
(White cut)
Honami: I understand the feelings of both the people who want to do their best and those who don't have the time to spend on this event...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: Here we go! One, two, three, four!
Honami: Gasp...!
Honami: I'm sorry! I skipped over that part...!
Ichika: It's okay. I didn't get a good start there either. Let's do it again!
Honami: Okay...
Shiho: ...
(Black cut)

[A few days later]

Shiho: Sigh...
Shiho: (I won't be able to practice on my own once recital practices start. And I'm making careless mistakes as a result in SEKAI...)
Shiho: One more time...
Shiho: (No, the same spot again...)
Shiho: Sigh... This might just make things worse...
Shiho: (I should just pack up for today... I won't be making any progress unless I reboot my mind first.)
MEIKO: Aha! I thought I heard a bass guitar!
Shiho: MEIKO...
MEIKO: Perfect timing. Want to have a session together?
Shiho: I'm sorry but I was actually just about to head back...
MEIKO: Is something wrong? You seemed a little distracted just now...
MEIKO: I know! It's about Honami, right?
Shiho: How did you...?!
MEIKO: Actually, Honami told me about the trouble she was having in class because of the choir recital.
MEIKO: She couldn't find the solution even after talking to you and felt bad about troubling everyone with her problems.
MEIKO: That's why you're worried about her, right?
Shiho: That's half of it, I guess...
MEIKO: What's the other half?
Shiho: When she first told us about her situation, the way I spoke to her was a little... No, I was pretty harsh...
MEIKO: Harsh? As in...?
Shiho: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Shiho: You're worried because you're afraid, right?
(White cut)
Shiho: You're afraid of being disliked by the people on whichever side you don't pick, no?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shiho: I don't regret what I said... Only the way I said it...
Shiho: (I couldn't be there for her when she was going through that rough patch in junior high because I'd silently distanced myself.)
Shiho: (But things are different now. Honami's gotten comfortable enough with us to share her worries.)
Shiho: (And I just really wanted to actually help her out this time. But I messed up...)
Shiho: (Why I can't say things in a nicer way?)
MEIKO: You'll be fine, Shiho.
Shiho: Ah...
MEIKO: I'm sure Honami understood, what you were trying to say.
MEIKO: And that it was your special way of showing concern for her.
Shiho: ...!
MEIKO: So there's no need for you to be so hard on yourself.
Shiho: ...
Shiho: Okay...
MEIKO: Oh, also... I was supposed to keep the fact that Honami came to talk to me about the choir recital a secret, so don't tell her I told you, okay?
MEIKO: She might get mad if she were to find out.
Shiho: Hehe. You know she wouldn't get angry like that.
MEIKO: True...
MEIKO: Oh, sorry for holding you back. Let's play together at another time, okay?
MEIKO: Bye then!
Shiho: Um...!
Shiho: Thank you, MEIKO...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Shiho: Phew. The choir recital is finally over. Now we can all focus on band practice.
Shiho: We'll need to have a discussion once everyone gets here...
Shiho: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Shiho: You're worried because you're afraid, right?
(White cut)
Shiho: You're afraid of being disliked by the people on whichever side you don't pick, no?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shiho: (MEIKO reassured me that Honami understood what I was trying to say but...)
Shiho: Sigh... I probably should at least apologize to her.
Honami's Voice (Honami): Shiho...
Shiho: Huh?
Shiho: Honami... Sorry, I didn't notice you there at all.
Honami: It's okay, I just arrived. May I sit with you?
Shiho: Oh, of course...
Shiho: (I hope she didn't hear me talking to myself just now...)
Honami: Shiho, you know...
Shiho: Y-Yes...?
Honami: I think you're really cool.
Shiho: Huh?
Honami: So you don't have to apologize for anything.
Shiho: Honami...
Shiho: (She did hear me... But...)
Shiho: I don't want things to end like this, so I have to say it...
Shiho: I'm sorry, Honami... For not being able to tell you in a nicer way.
Honami: Shiho... It's okay. Don't worry about it.
Shiho: Thanks... But I really want to be careful with what I say from now on.
Honami: Hehe. See? You're so cool.
Honami: You didn't have to apologize at all, you know.
Honami: It was your words that ultimately spurred me on to try harder in the end.
Shiho: Really...?
Honami: I also know you tend to sound harsh because you're usually the one who courageously speaks up about things that others have a hard time saying.
Shiho: ...
Honami: You always seem unconcerned, but you always point out the things we need to pay attention to when it matters...
Honami: People find it hard to accept sometimes and I'm sure that causes a lot of pain for you as well.
Honami: But you wouldn't have said anything at all if you truly didn't care.
Honami: Thanks to your words, I was able to overcome my weakness.
Shiho: Then I'm glad it turned out well...
Honami: I've realized something because of all this.
Shiho: Really? What?
Honami: You really need a lot of courage to express your opinion and stand by it.
Honami: Of course, you'll still wonder if what you're saying is correct or that the other person may not understand what you're trying to say.
Honami: And there's also a real possibility that people may end up hating you because of that.
Shiho: ...
Honami: Um... I know it's strange for me to be saying all this now.
Honami: But you've always been so clear about what you wanted ever since we were little.
Honami: And that's why I think you're so cool!
Shiho: I see...
Shiho: However, I don't think it's appropriate for me to just blurt out whatever comes to mind.
Shiho: So, um... I may still end up sounding a little harsh, but I'm gonna try to tone it down for sure.
Honami: Hehe. I really love that part of you, Shiho.
Shiho: Hah. Who are you, Saki?
Shiho: Also, Saki and Ichika are late. Shall we start eating without them?
Honami: Yeah. I'm famished...!
Shiho: Alright...
Shiho & Honami: Let's eat!
(Black cut)
