246_Shiho Hinomori_R4 Lunchtime Chat (event_27)

Gacha phrase: There has to be something we can say.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Thanks for waiting. We should be ready now.
Shiho: Okay. From the top.
Shiho: Honami, count us in.
Honami: Right. One, two, three, four...
Shiho: (Not bad. We sound sharper than usual because of how focused everybody is...)
Shiho: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (We're still not reaching the level we did during that show. Like our sound is still missing something...)
Shiho: ...
(Black cut)
Shiho: Sorry, I need to head off for work soon...
Ichika: Of course. We can practice on our own from here.
Shiho: Okay. Oh, also...
Shiho: This can wait until next time, but there's something I'd like to talk about before practice.
Honami: With all of us?
Shiho: It has to do with what we'll be doing as a band, like how to actually become a pro and stuff.
Ichika: I'd like that too. I tried looking up some information regarding that, but it was hard to say what our best options would be.
Shiho: That actually goes for me too.
Shiho: I've also been thinking about what would be best for us or what we need to start focusing on...
Shiho: So I'd like it if we had a little discussion surrounding that.
Saki: Yeah, sure♪
(Background change)

[Live House]

Vocalist: Thanks, everyone!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Backstage]

Vocalist: That was great, Shiho! You were a lifesaver back there!
Shiho: I was just doing my job.
Shiho: But if you don't mind me asking, what happened to your regular bassist?
Vocalist: Stuck doing overtime! We might be in a band, but we still have day jobs.
Shiho: Yes, I see... That must keep you very busy.
Vocalist: It does. But this also might be the first time we couldn't all make to a show. To be fair, we didn't get to practice together much before this.
Shiho: Wait, based on how your performance went, I never would've gotten that impression...
Vocalist: Really?! That's a load off my mind...
Vocalist: We don't always have time to practice, but we also don't want to give our audience a bad performance.
Shiho: (They didn't actually practice all that much, but still sound great when it counts...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: Um, would you mind if I asked you a question?
Vocalist: Sure, what is it?
Shiho: How is that you guys can play so well on stage even though you haven't had much time to practice?
Vocalist: Well... Having known each other forever is one thing. We've been playing since we were still in school so...
Shiho: Oh, I see...
Vocalist: And we decided that since we're doing this, we're gonna play in front of people...
Vocalist: So instead of practicing at a studio or something, we usually try to find a park or public space that we can use.
Vocalist: It's just so different when you have real people really listening to your stuff, you know?
Shiho: I know exactly what you mean.
Shiho: (So we really are just lacking that real-world experience.)
Shiho: (And that doesn't have to be events or shows. It can just be playing in front of people in whatever ways we can think of.)
Shiho: (Ichika started to really improve after she started doing street performances too...)
Shiho: Thank you for this opportunity. I really appreciate the advice you've given me.
Vocalist: Anytime!
Vocalist: Speaking of which, you're in a band with your friends from school, right? We should do a show together sometime!
Shiho: Yes, someday.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Live House)
Shiho: (There's the manager. Oh, he's talking to the owner...)
Manager: Ah, Hinomori. Great work today.
Owner: Thank you as always, Shiho. You're always a huge help.
Shiho: I'm just doing my job, really...
Shiho: But, um... Would it be alright if I asked the both of you for something...?
Owner: For you, anything.
Shiho: Wait, really? But I haven't said what yet...
Owner: You want our permission to let you put on a show here, right?
Shiho: Y-Yes... How did you...?
Owner: It was written all over your face.
Owner: I also heard about that show you did with Iori at that outdoor stage. Congratulations on a successful first show.
Manager: I heard it was really something else. I wish I was there to see it happen.
Shiho: Oh, uh... Thank you...
Shiho: But that has nothing to do with what I'm asking now, right...?
Owner: I'll let you in on a little secret. I generally try to help those that are chasing after their dreams.
Owner: That's why I want you girls to play here to since you've decided to go down the path of trying to become pros.
Manager: Plus, we owe you for the work you've been putting in here and all the times you subbed in on bass.
Manager: Our regulars also like seeing new faces and bands, so they'll be greeting you with open arms!
Owner: So we'll try and help however we can, Shiho.
Shiho: Both of you...
Shiho: Thank you so much. We promise not to let you down.
Shiho: And please allow me to introduce you to the rest of my band next time.
Owner: Of course, I can't wait to meet them.
Shiho: Thank you!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Okay, tuning sounds goods...
Shiho: (I think I'll try that phrase Saki came up with.)
Shiho: (It really is nice.)
Shiho: (I guess it should be considering how determined she was to actually go through and write it.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: You find the things that you want to do and make sure you'll actually be able to do them, right? You've helped us so much already by doing just that.
Shiho: That's why I believe you'll be the first one to figure out what kind of feelings we want to convey as a band.
(White cut)
Saki: I... I got it...!!
Saki: Thank you so much, Shiho! Thank you! Thank you! I know what I want to convey with my song now!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (I'm glad we got to talk that time too.)
Shiho: Oh, arranging it this way might be another option. I should write that down...
???: Shih really likes what Sakki came up with, huh♪
???: Hehe. It certainly seems that way.
???: It looks like she's having fun too.
Shiho: ...!
Shiho: Wait, Rin...? Honami and Ichika too? What are you doing there?
Rin: Haha. Busted. Heya, Shih☆
Honami: You came early today.
Shiho: Yeah, but...
Shiho: Would you mind telling me why you were eavesdropping?
Ichika: Sorry, it looked like you were enjoying yourself and didn't want to disturb you.
Rin: Yeah, that♪ You were really on a roll there☆
Shiho: You don't feel bad about doing that, do you...?
Honami: Hehe. Well, to put it another way...
Honami: We're happy about how you seem to be genuinely enjoying yourself and how the rest of us feel the same way.
Shiho: We do?
Ichika: I was talking to Honami just before we both got here...
Ichika: And I mentioned how I also found myself playing the music Saki wrote for us last night.
Honami: Hehe. I felt the same way and tried imagining how I'd actually play her song.
Honami: And when we saw you doing the same thing just now, it just felt like we've all really come together.
Shiho: Okay, so that's what you meant.
Rin: You girls are like the definition of BFFs☆
Shiho: That aside, this music has this effect of making me want to play it over and over again.
Ichika: It really does.
Ichika: The first time I heard it, my jaw dropped as a I stood there in awe...
Shiho: Yeah.
Shiho: Like a classic that never gets old.
Rin: Heh heh heh. That has to be because she put just that much thought into it♪
Honami: Her thoughts...
Shiho: She was probably able to write this because she is who she is.
Shiho: Us knowing that may also be why this music resonates with us so much.
Ichika: You might be right.
Shiho: But this is just our first step. We still have a lot of work to do until this becomes a complete song.
Ichika: Right!
Rin: That's great☆ I can't wait to hear it♪
Saki: Huh? You're already here?! But it's still early!
Saki: Were you all just talking about something just now...?
Honami: Hehe. Just chatting.
Saki: Hey, that's not fair. Tell me about what, please?
Shiho: Well...
Shiho: It's a secret...
Saki: Nooo!
Shiho: But since you're finally here, Saki, we can get started with practice.
Saki: No! Shiho, wait!
Saki's Voice (Saki): There's no way I'll be able to focus during practice if you just leave me hanging like that!
Ichika, Honami, & Rin: Hehe. Hahaha!
(Black cut)
