275_Shiho Hinomori_R4 What Made My Sadness Go Away (event_33)

Gacha phrase: Shizuku, I feel so lonely.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Saki: Great practice today, everyone!
Saki: Hey, look! The moon's out even though it's barely dusk!
Shiho: You're right. That's pretty rare...
Ichika: It could be because the sky's been so clear today. You can even see a lot of its features.
Honami: I hope it'll be even more beautiful on the night of the 15th.
Saki: Yeah, it'd be nice to see a big, round moon during a really clear night...
Shiho: Big, round moon...? You sound like a little kid.
Honami: By the way, do you remember how you celebrated this time of year when you were little?
Saki: When we were little?
Ichika: Hmm... I vaguely remember doing some moon viewings, but not much more than that.
Ichika: Oh, I want to say that dango was on the lunch menu during elementary school, I think...?
Saki: Yeah, you're right! I remember that! The teachers made them from scratch and they were so good!
Saki: I even learned how to make it from them and brought some along one time for a field trip.
Honami: Hehe. Yes, you did.
Shiho: I remember that too. You spilled soy glaze everywhere, got your hands all sticky and cried about it.
Ichika: Oh, that's right. Luckily, Honami saved the day by making sure to bring wet wipes.
Saki: W-Wait, I don't remember that part at all!
Honami: Hehe. Oh, the memories.
Honami: Didn't we also make collages out of fallen leaves during that field trip?
Shiho: Yeah, we did. Saki made something moon related, right?
Ichika: Yes, she did!
Saki: I still remember what you made too, Ichi!
Ichika: You do? What did I make...?
Honami: You made Miku.
Shiho: Yeah, and you were adamant about using only green leaves to make her. But it was fall, so we had a really tough time finding enough for you.
Saki: Yeah, that! Then, Hona suggested that you paint some green instead and it all worked out in the end.
Ichika: Is that what happened...?
Saki: Yup! That was when you were really into Miku, right, Ichi?
Saki: You were even humming some Miku songs while you put your collage together!
Shiho: Come to think of it, you recommended us a lot of Miku songs back then. You were so desperate about getting us to listen to them too.
Honami: Hehe. I remember that too. It was so cute.
Ichika: S-Stop, please, I feel really embarrassed.
Ichika: However, Honami, I still remember exactly what you made...
Honami: Huh? Me? What did I make...?
Shiho: You made Shibao, remember?
Shiho: Saki and Ichika were so confused by your initial sketch too.
Saki: Yeah, we totally were! Ichi even thought that Shibao was an octopus at first...
Saki: But it was also really cool how it clearly became a puppy in the end!
Ichika: That was pretty interesting.
Honami: I-It was...? I recall that it turned out okay but...
Saki: And Shiho just sat there really silently while she made hers... It was a band playing a show, right?
Ichika: Yeah, it was so incredible how detailed Shiho's was.
Shiho: I think that was just about the time my dad started taking me to live houses...
Shiho: Those shows are still fresh in my head too. That's probably what I was trying to recreate...
Shiho: But I sort of bit off more than I could chew and ended up with just the band on stage.
Saki: Still, your attention to detail was like your way of putting your signature on it.
Honami: I agree. You were so focused that you didn't even look our way when we tried calling your name.
Shiho: I don't remember that happening...
Honami: Hehe. Nostalgia really is a powerful thing, isn't it? Especially when it comes to our childhood memories.
Saki: Oh, wanna head over to SEKAI and go through some pictures from back then?
Saki: I'll bring some field trip and moon viewing albums!
Ichika: That sounds nice. How about after practice, Shiho?
Shiho: Fine... But no slacking off during practice, okay?
Ichika & Saki: Okay!
Saki: Alright, time to hunt down those albums♪
Honami: Hehe. I can't wait to see them.
Shiho: Me too.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: Okay, shall we get started on our moon viewing dango?
Minori: Yay! Which do you wanna have first, Shiho?
Shiho: Let's see...
Shiho: (Soy glaze, soybean powder, red bean paste... There's even soy sauce and... Sesame seed paste?)
Shiho: There's more now compared to during your stream...
Shizuku: Hm? Did you say something?
Shiho: Uh, no. Ignore that. Still, there are so many toppings.
Shizuku: Hehe. Airi made all of these.
Minori: Yeah, she's a really amazing cook!
Shiho: Really...?
Shiho: What's this one? It's brown and looks charred.
Minori: Oh, that's Airi's special miso dango!
Shiho: Miso dango?
Airi: Yeah, you make it by putting miso on some dango, roasting it and wrapping it in seaweed.
Haruka: Minori was so excited when she got a whiff of what Airi was making too.
Shizuku: Yes, it's a shame that we couldn't show everyone that.
Minori: What?! No, that would be so embarrassing!
Airi: Hehe. Anyway, I thought they turned out pretty well, so I hope you try some.
Shiho: Thank you. In that case, I'll take one.
Shiho: Hm...?
Shizuku: So, Shii, is it good?
Shiho: Yeah. Um... Why are you inching closer towards me, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Because I'm just so happy that we get to do a moon viewing party like this, Shii♪
Shiho: I get that you're excited, but you're also sort of acting like a little kid...
Minori: I totally understand how you feel, Shizuku!
Minori: I'm really happy about being able to have a party with Shiho like this too!
Shiho: You are...?
Haruka: Hehe. So am I, actually.
Haruka: Even though we were in the same group for the Seaside School, all we really did was talk about and work on our performance for the final day.
Shiho: Yeah, I guess so...
Minori: Hehe. You wanted to talk about Phenny and stuff too, right, Haruka?
Haruka: M-Minori, wait...
Shiho: Oh, that's right. Is it true that you really like Phenny?
Haruka: Yes, well... I've sort of been wanting to talk to you about the one you have on your bass case, Hinomori...
Shiho: Oh, this?
Haruka: Yes, that! It's a limited Halloween version, right?
Shiho: Yeah. There were zombies and witches too, but they were mostly gone by the time I got there.
Haruka: He's just so popular. They were all sold out by the time I had a chance to see.
Airi: I didn't know that you liked Phenny too, Shiho.
Shiho: Yes, I do. My friends and I used to go to PXL pretty often as kids, so the Phenny and the park mean a lot to us.
Haruka: Speaking of which, two of your old friends are in my class.
Airi: Really?! That means there were only two degrees of separation between you two.
Haruka: I suppose so.
Shizuku: Hehe. Her other friend is even in the Cleanup Committee with me.
Shizuku: Sure, we all go to the same school, but these dots just sort of seem to connect themselves, you know?
Shiho: Yeah.
Shiho: (My network of friends is expanding so fast all of the sudden.)
Shiho: (I never thought that I'd become friends with celebrities other than my sister.)
Shiho: (This might even give me a chance to ask them what it's like being pros and what we can do as a band.)
Shiho: (They're standing where we want to go, so I'm sure there's a lot we can learn from them.)
Shizuku: Shii, would you like more dango?
Shiho: Sure.
Shizuku: Okay, just give me one second!
Shiho: (But for now, I should probably just enjoy this party and enjoy being with Shizuku.)
Shiho: (It's nice to do something like this for a change...)
Shizuku: Here you are, Shii! I brought you some sesame paste ones! Would you like me to feed them to you?
Shiho: No thanks. I can handle that part.
Shizuku: But...! There's no need to feel embarrassed or anything, you know?
Shiho: What are you talking about?
Minori: Haha...
Airi: We get that you want to pamper her, Shizuku, but you have to understand that she isn't a baby.
Shizuku: I understand!
Shiho: Oh, Shizuku...
(Black cut)
