282_Shiho Hinomori_R3 We're Doing A Debrief Right After (event_34)

Gacha phrase: Okay, okay. I won't force you into practicing.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Shopping Mall]

Shiho: (Ichika's been having so much trouble with writing lyrics for our song...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: You're the one writing these, so I don't see any problems with you doing that.
Ichika: Sure, that may be true but...
Saki: Yeah, I think I like these lyrics more, you know?
Honami: Me too. However, if you're still not satisfied with what you have, you may yet find a better way to express what you're trying to say.
Shiho: Yeah...
Ichika: Again, I'm so sorry... I'll keep trying.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (But there's no such thing as a right answer when it comes to these things, so there isn't much we can do.)
Shiho: (Still, I should probably try to learn more about songwriting...)
Shiho: Hmm... I doubt this place carries any books like that.
Shiho: I'm guessing I have to find a bigger bookstore with a special music section...
Shiho: (That one on the other side of the station might work. I think I'll go take a look.)
???: Oh, Shiho, I thought it was you.
Shiho: Hi, Ichika.
Shiho: This is a nice surprise. Are you out shopping?
Ichika: No, I'm still stuck with my lyrics, so I was thinking about clearing my head by going to a cafe.
Ichika: But I'm looking for a new place to go since the cafe I was hoping to go to is too crowded.
Shiho: I see...
Shiho: (She's still stuck...)
Ichika: I'm... I'm so sorry that I'm taking so long. I'm the one that volunteered to write them and...
Shiho: Oh...
Shiho: (She read my reaction...)
Shiho: No, it's okay. It's our first original song, so I know it's going to take some time.
Shiho: Also...
Shiho: I was wondering how I could help. You know, by coming up with certain words or phrases...?
Ichika: Shiho... Thank you.
Ichika: Oh, actually. Can I ask you a question?
Shiho: Sure, what's up?
Ichika: I've been trying to expand my vocabulary by reading novels, poems and lyrics by other popular artists...
Ichika: But do you know if there are other ways to go about that?
Shiho: Well, I was going to say something about working out a theme or narrative, but you're already doing that.
Ichika: Right. I still don't feel great about it, but I'm trying.
Ichika: And seeing what others have written, they just seem worlds different from what I have...
Shiho: Yeah, the learning curve is pretty steep.
Shiho: Those that can clearly imagine what they're after probably have a much easier time...
Ichika: Clearly imagine what I'm after...?
Ichika: Such as seeing things from a protagonist's perspective? In this case, Saki, maybe...?
Shiho: Yeah, that might work. I think that's a good way to look at it.
Shiho: Especially if they're a real person. That may simplify things quite a bit.
Ichika: Okay! Thanks, Shiho. Your hint might be just what I was looking for!
Shiho: You're welcome.
Ichika: Alright...!
Ichika: I promise to finish writing these soon, so please, just give me a little more time!
Shiho: Okay.
Shiho: (First Saki, now Ichika...)
Shiho: Seeing you work so hard is great and all, but don't overdo it, okay?
Shiho: You can call or text me whenever you're in trouble. Promise that you'll do that?
Ichika: Yes, of course...!
Shiho: ...
Ichika: Anyway, see you at practice tomorrow!
Shiho: Okay, see you tomorrow.
Shiho: She should be just fine...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Live House]

Shiho: Great work today.
Saki: Geez, I'm still shaking...!!
Ichika: Me too...
Honami: My heart's still pounding too.
Saki: Same...!
Shiho: (That reminds me of the first time I was asked to sub in for someone on bass...)
Shiho: (The second I went backstage, that same tidal wave of emotions and exhaustion hit me all at once...)
Iori: Hey, there you are. Great show.
Ichika: I-Iori?! A-And the bassist from STANDOUT...?
Mio: Yes, my name is Mio. I apologize for not introducing myself sooner.
Mio: Especially to you, Hinomori. I've been meaning to thank you since you did so much for us... For me...
Mio: So thank you. I really appreciate what you did then.
Shiho: Huh? No, you don't have to thank me...
Mio: Yes, I do. Iori even mentioned how I need to set things straight.
Iori: Anyway, that's that.
Iori: Let's get to why we're here. We saw you girls perform just now.
Saki: What?! You did?!
Iori: Yeah. I really wanted to see how your original song turned out.
Shiho: So, what did you think?
Mio: You did really well. I can't believe that this is only your second show.
Mio: It's even harder to believe that this is your band's very first song. It was put together so well...
Iori: Hang on, was the first song ever I wrote really that bad?
Mio: Huh?! N-No, that's not what I'm saying...!
Iori: Oh, Mio...
Iori: Anyway, about how your show went.
Ichika: Yes, please tell us what you thought!
Iori: Like Mio said, you did great considering this is your first show on your own.
Iori: I could tell that you gave it absolutely everything you had and even made sure that the crowd would enjoy themselves.
Saki: ...!
Iori: And your song at the end showed everyone what Leo/need is all about.
Ichika: ...!
Ichika: That's because of the advice you gave me, Iori. Thank you so much!
Shiho: What...?
Honami: Oh, I see. Thank you very much...!
Iori: Don't mention it. It just piqued my interest is all.
Iori: However, you almost lost the crowd just as you transitioned into your original song, so that's something you'll need to work on in the future.
Iori: Especially when it comes to a “battle of the bands” show like this since it might affect how the others are able to vibe.
Iori: You losing the crowd means that whoever comes after you has to somehow get them hyped up all over again.
Shiho: Right...
Mio: But Iori, nobody knows who they are yet, so at least for this song...
Iori: That doesn't mean you're allowed to ruin a show for everyone else.
Shiho: (She's right.)
Shiho: (Even if we're playing a brand-new song, we have to find a way to reach the audience as we perform.)
Shiho: (I thought we practiced that enough, but we're still nowhere near where we need to be...)
Ichika: You're right. I do feel bad about what happened and how we didn't do the other band many favors...
Ichika: But we'll make sure that doesn't happen the next time we play... We're not giving up just yet...!
Shiho: ...!
Ichika: We'll talk about what went well and what didn't. Then, we'll fix those things by practicing...
Ichika: So that we'll be able to touch everyone's hearts next time...!
Shiho: Ichika...
Saki: Yeah...! Next time, we'll give everyone two shows worth of fun!
Honami: Right! We can't let something like this get us down!
Shiho: You guys...
Iori: Anyway, I said what I needed to say, so if you'll excuse us.
Mio: We're leaving already?
Iori: Well, yeah. We talked plenty, didn't we? Plus, we still have business to attend to.
Mio: R-Right...! We should hurry over to that crepe shop you really like before they close.
Shiho: Crepe shop?
Iori: M-Mio! They don't need to know that!
Mio: S-Sorry!
Mio: Now, if you'll excuse us. We hope you'll come see our next show.
Shiho: Yes, we'll try, and thank you for coming today.
Saki: Okay, we're gonna keep giving this everything we've got!
Shiho: You're all better now? I thought you were a nervous wreck?
Shiho: (Still...)
Shiho: (Today was a big first step for us. For Leo/need.)
Shiho: But Saki's right. Let's keep trying our best...
Saki, Honami & Ichika: Yeah!
Saki: Oh, hey, let's do our little huddle again♪
Shiho: Fine...
Honami: Hehe. Take it away, Ichika.
Ichika: Okay.
Ichika: Let's fix our mistakes from today and make our next show even better!
Ichika: So that we'll go pro as a band someday...!
Ichika: Ready?!
Saki, Honami & Shiho: Yeah!
(Black cut)
