314_Shiho Hinomori_R4 Hurtful Words (event_40)

Gacha phrase: Thanks for worrying about me.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Corridor]

Shiho: (Halfway there with the tickets...)
Shiho: (But there isn't much time left until our show, so I need to hurry.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-A]

Shiho: Okay, who else do I know that might be willing to come see our show...?
Shiho: (Let's see... For now, I can scroll through my contacts list...)
Minori: Morning, Shiho!
Kohane: Good morning!
Shiho: Oh, Minori, Kohane. Good morning.
Shiho: ...
Shiho: (They might be willing to see our show.)
Shiho: (But if I tell them, they might tell Ichika and the others about us having to sell tickets.)
Shiho: (I'd really rather not ask anyone at school about this...)
Shiho: (So I'll ask them if I really start running out of options.)
Minori: Oh, that reminds me!
Minori: Leo/need's doing another show soon, right?
Shiho: Huh...? Yeah, but...
Minori: Do you know when?
Minori: I've really been hoping to see your next show. I couldn't go to the last one since we were busy doing a stream.
Kohane: Oh, that sounds fun!
Kohane: I got to hear Saki and Honami play when we were at the Seaside School, so I have to think you sound really amazing when you're all together as a band.
Minori: But that's not the best part, Kohane.
Kohane: Huh?
Minori: If you go and see Leo/need, you'll get to hear the original song they made!
Kohane: Really?! You wrote your own music?!
Shiho: Well, um, Saki came up with the melody and Ichika wrote the lyrics. We're actually working on our second song right now.
Kohane: That's so cool... Your very own music!
Minori: See what I mean?! Don't you wanna go see them play?!
Kohane: Yeah!
Shiho: Oh...
Shiho: (I'm such an idiot...)
Shiho: (They were right under my nose this whole time...)
Shiho: We do have a date for our next show.
Minori: Really?! When?!
Shiho: One second. It's written on each ticket.
Shiho: Here...
Minori: Thank you, Shiho! Whoa! It's a real ticket for a real show!
Shiho: You're that excited about it?
Minori: Hehe. I mean, it's really a ticket for a show, right? I'm getting excited by just looking at it!
Minori: And it looks so different from the tickets you get for idol concerts, so it's double the fun!
Kohane: Hehe. It is a nice design. It's clear that you're going to a rock concert.
Kohane: Let's see. Your show's scheduled for...
Kohane: Oh no, I have an event that day...
Kohane: I'm so sorry, Shiho. My team and I are supposed to be in an event that day...
Shiho: Oh, okay... I guess there's nothing you can do about that...
Minori: Nooooo!!
Shiho: M-Minori?!
Kohane: Wh-What's wrong?!
Minori: *Sob* We're doing a stream...!
Minori: Shizuku even said that we should go see your band and cheer for you!
Minori: Why?! How did this happen?!
Shiho: Alright, alright. I appreciate the thought, so just try to relax.
Minori: But I really wanted to go...
Kohane: ...
Shiho: ...
Shiho: Thanks, you two.
Shiho: We plan on doing more shows in the future, so I'll let you know then.
Minori: Really?
Shiho: Yes, really.
Kohane: Thank you so much, Shiho. It's sad that I can't go this time, but I'm really looking forward to seeing you guys play...!
Minori: Me too! We're absolutely 100% gonna go see your next show! We wouldn't be your friends otherwise!
Shiho: Thanks. I'll be waiting.
Shiho: (Thanks, you two. Thank you so much...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Kohane: Oh, Shiho... Good morning.
Minori: M-Morning.
Shiho: Good morning.
Kohane: So, what should we do...?
Minori: R-Right, well...
Shiho: Is something going on...?
Kohane: Uh, well... We just heard this rumor about you, Shiho...
Shiho: What rumor?
Minori: So... We heard that you and Homani had a fight...
Shiho: Oh, that...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: Shiho, wait...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (It was right after school got out and club activities were about to begin, so I was pretty sure that only some people from the indoor clubs would be around...)
Shiho: (But I guess we were louder than I thought...)
Shiho: Sorry about that... We said what we needed to and we've made up since.
Kohane: Thank goodness...!
Kohane: When I got to school this morning, everyone in our class and Honami's were all talking about what happened.
Shiho: Oh, geez... So everyone knows about that?
Minori: Not everyone. Just our class and hers is my guess...
Minori: I mean, I'd have a hard time believing anyone saying that Honami raising her voice towards someone considering how nice she is to everybody.
Shiho: True.
Kohane: The girls I talked to seemed pretty doubtful about it too.
Kohane: I'll make sure to tell them later that you two have made up already.
Shiho: Thanks...
Minori: But you two really did have a fight, huh...?
Shiho: Yeah.
Shiho: Or rather... She forced me into a corner and made me see her point.
Minori & Kohane: What?!
Kohane: Th-That's incredible. She made you change your mind about something?
Shiho: I was just as surprised. I didn't think Honami was capable of raising her voice like that until now.
Kohane: It must've been important. So important that she wasn't willing to budge.
Kohane: Oh, wait, I think I understand... Was she doing it for you, Shiho?
Shiho: Correct...
Shiho: Getting mad at someone for their own sake is something Honami would do.
Kohane: *Nod*
Kohane: I mean, she had to have a reason for doing that. It wouldn't make sense otherwise...
Minori: Yeah. My mind even started wandering towards you maybe doing something that you weren't supposed to, Shiho...!
Shiho: Something I'm not supposed to...?
Shiho: What exactly falls into that category in your mind, Minori?
Minori: Huh? Like, um... Littering!
Shiho: What?
Minori: Huh?
Kohane: Hehe. That's right. Littering was the first thing that came to your mind when you heard about what Honami did.
Shiho: Littering isn't good, but you thought Honami would get that mad over something like that?
Minori: Yeah, because she's on the Cleanup Committee!
Shiho: That's true but...
Shiho: What kind of person do you think I am, Minori?
Kohane: Hehehe.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Honami: Oh, Shiho! Are you on your way over there?
Shiho: Yeah. Wanna go together?
Honami: Sure!
Shiho: There's a rumor going around about you raising your voice towards someone, Honami.
Honami: Hehe. I heard. Everyone in my class couldn't believe it.
Honami: But everything's okay now. I told them all what happened and they seemed to understand.
Shiho: That's good.
Shiho: By the way, word reached my class too.
Shiho: Minori somehow convinced herself that you were mad at me because I was littering or something.
Honami: Hehe. Littering? Oh, Minori.
Shiho: I know, right?
Honami: But that would bother me a little.
Shiho: Because you're on the Cleanup Committee?
Honami: No, even if I wasn't.
Honami: I think it's important to be there to tell your friends if they're doing something that you feel isn't right.
Shiho: Yeah.
Shiho: I'll be more careful from now on.
Honami: Yes, please do.
Honami & Shiho: Hehe.
(Black cut)
