354_Shiho Hinomori_R2 Sound & Calligraphy (event_45)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: (Okay, I got here earlier than usual today, so I think I'll practice a bit on my own...)
Shiho: Hm...? There's something on top of that desk... Someone's fortune?
Shiho: A “great blessing” too. But it looks handwritten...
Rin: You saw it!
MEIKO: You saw it, didn't you?!
Shiho: Huh?!
Shiho: Uh, Rin, MEIKO? What's going on here? What did I see...?
Shiho: Hold on. You mean this?
MEIKO: Correct! Of all the people who could've found it, you ended up being the one.
Rin: *Sigh* I knew it was a bad idea to leave it here... Even if we did just leave to deal with our pens running dry.
Shiho: Hang on... Are you two saying that you're making your fortunes?
MEIKO: Yes, that's right. Rin came up with the idea of making a type of Omikuji that only gives out “great blessings” just for Honami.
Rin: Yeah! She didn't get one at the shrine this year, right?
Rin: That's why I want her to start off the new year with a great, big smile by drawing a “great blessing”.
MEIKO: Isn't it a wonderful idea? And so, I decided to help out.
Shiho: I see... Now it makes sense.
Rin: Also, now that you know our plan, you're one of us...♪
Shiho: Wait, what...?!
MEIKO: Heh heh heh. There's no escape, Shiho♪
Shiho: Y-You too, MEIKO?!
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Ichika: Phew... That went pretty well. I feel like that's enough for today in terms of a full group practice.
Saki: Yeah! Whew... We practiced a ton today...
Shiho: You have work after this, right, Honami...?
Honami: Yes, I do. I was actually just about to head out.
Ichika: I'll probably stick around a while longer to practice some stuff on my own. There's a part that still needs more work.
Saki: Oh, I'll stay too! There are some parts that I wanna practice with you, Ichi.
Shiho: If that's the case... I'll stick around for a bit too.
Honami: Sorry, everyone. I wish I could stay to practice, but I really do need to go. Maybe next time...
Honami: Anyway, I'll see you tomorrow!
Saki: Bye! Stay safe!
Ichika: Shall we get started right away?
Shiho: Before that... Can I have a minute with you guys?
Saki: Hm? Sure, Shiho. What's up?
Shiho: I kinda want your help making “great blessings” for Honami...
Ichika & Saki: “Great blessings”...?
(Black cut)
Saki: Oh, so Rin and MEIKO are making it for her! That's so thoughtful of them!
Ichika: An Omikuji with only “great blessings”... Hehe. Honami's going to love that.
Ichika: What do you need help with exactly?
Shiho: The idea is to write all these “great blessing” fortunes, but we're still not sure what to write for each section.
Saki: Each section?
Shiho: Regarding education, others who you're awaiting and stuff, you know...?
Shiho: I was hoping that you could help us come up with things that Honami would like.
Saki: Yeah, totally! Let's come up with a whole bunch of them!
Ichika: I'm in too. By the way, have you written something, Shiho?
Shiho: Y-Yes... Uh...
Saki: Oh, can we see?! Hmm...
Saki: “Education: You'll be fine. (If anything, I'd like you to tutor me in math.) Music: You're developing your very own sound while staying in perfect rhythm. Keep it up.”
Ichika: Haha. Only you would write this, Shiho.
Saki: But this would totally send any of us over the moon, you know?! I'm gonna write one too♪
Saki: What should I say? “Ambition: I want some of your apple pies, Hona!” How's that?
Ichika: Isn't that what you want?
Shiho: Hm...?
Saki: Oh no! I-Is that Hona?!
Ichika: Wh-What do we do?! She'll find out...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: (Wh-What do we do...?! We can't let Rin and MEIKO's amazing idea go to waste like this! We have to see this through for Hona's sake...!)
Ichika: (We'll blow everyone's cover if we don't do something...!)
Honami: Huh? Is something wrong...? You all seem flustered...
Ichika: Uh, w-we just... Well...
Shiho: We weren't expecting you... Cause you had to go to work, you know?
Ichika: (Nice save, Shiho...! Oh, she even managed to keep everything out of Honami's line of sight!)
Honami: Anyway, I just wanted to ask about practice tomorrow before I did go.
Honami: I was wondering if we could focus on some of the parts that were giving me trouble. Something about them isn't clicking right in my head...
Shiho: Yeah, sure. It's probably best for us to nip that in the bud.
Honami: Thank you so much! I thought about just sending a message, but I really wanted to get it off my chest as soon as I could.
Honami: Anyway, see you all tomorrow.
Shiho: Okay, see you.
Saki: Bye bye, Hona!!
Ichika: See you.
Shiho: Geez...
Saki: Safe!! That was amazing, Shiho!!
Ichika: I thought we were done for, but you found the perfect place to stand. Thank you, Shiho.
Shiho: Hey, I broke out in a cold sweat too...
Shiho: But I wasn't about to let MEIKO and Rin's idea get ruined after agreeing to help them.
Ichika: Hehe. I'm with you there.
Saki: Anyway, let's get back to writing out blessings for her!
Shiho & Ichika: Yeah!
(Black cut)

[A few days later]

Miku (Ln): Yeah. That was really good!
Luka: You stayed completely focused through all of it.
Honami: Thank you very much! Huh...?
Honami: Rin? MEIKO? Why are you two grinning like that?
Shiho: (Oh... Is it done?)
Rin: Hona! We made a special Omikuji just for you!
Honami: What?
MEIKO: Why don't you try drawing from it? I'm sure you'll enjoy what comes out!
Honami: Th-Thank you... But you know my luck's terrible with these...
Rin: Don't worry! This one's specially made by me! It's guaranteed to make anyone super duper happy with a cherry on top♪
Honami: Hehe. Since you personally made this, Rin, I might just have to give it a try.
Honami: Here we go...!
MEIKO: Open it, Honami. What did you get?
Honami: It's... What?! A “great blessing”?! I got a “great blessing”?!
Rin: Yay!! Congratulations, Hona!!
MEIKO: Congratulations, Honami! Can you tell us what else is written?
Honami: Sure...
Honami: “Education: You'll be fine. (If anything, I'd like you to tutor me in math.) Music: You're developing your very own sound while staying in perfect rhythm. Keep it up.”
Shiho: (Oh, she drew mine first...)
Honami: Did you write this...?
Shiho: Y-Yes, I did...
Rin: There's still lots more where that came from, Hona! Here, try drawing another one!
Honami: Okay!
Honami: Another “great blessing”! “Travel: See the stars with your friends. (Another rooftop planetarium show could also be nice.)”
Luka: Hehe. It'd be nice to do that together since we're all here now.
Honami: Yes, I'd like that as well!
Honami: Oh, this one's a “great blessing” too! “Lost item: You won't have trouble finding it. (Also, thank you for helping me find my glasses.)” Is this yours, KAITO?
KAITO: Yes, but having it read aloud is a little embarrassing...
Honami: Hehehe. So many “great blessings”! Oh, this must be Saki's! That's so cute!
Saki: Ichi's is really good too, so don't forget to draw it!!
Ichika: Y-You don't need to egg her on...!
Rin: Heh heh heh! All according to plan! I'm glad you like it so much, Hona♪
MEIKO: High five, Rin! I have to think no one out there can top you in terms of ideas like these.
Rin: Hehe♪ You really mean that?
MEIKO: Also, Shiho...
Shiho: Hm? Yes?
MEIKO: I heard that you were put in a bit of a spot but managed to keep everything a secret. We really need to thank you for doing that.
Shiho: It wasn't anything major.
MEIKO: No, don't say that. I mean, just look at Honami.
MEIKO: Do you think we would've been able to see her smile like this if she did find out in advance?
Shiho: Hehe... Yeah, you might be right.
Honami: Next is... A “super special great blessing”?! Oh, Rin, this must be yours, no?
Rin: Correct! Keep reading♪ Keep reading♪
Shiho: (All I did was help out a little, but I'm glad we did this...)
Shiho: (I'm looking forward to another good year.)
(Black cut)
