355_Shiho Hinomori_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I'm glad as long as you're happy.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[One month before Shiho's Birthday]

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: That just leaves the invitations I still need to write for everyone...
Shiho's Voice (Shiho): Shizuku, you there?
Shizuku: Sh-Shii?! Oh no! I need to cover everything on my desk...!
Shiho: Oh, you're here. I've been trying to get your attention for a while now, but I just came to let you know that it's your turn to take a bath.
Shiho: Also, why's your desk such a mess? Are you working on something for your stream...?
Shizuku: Y-Yes, I am! Sorry, Shii. I'll take my bath in a little bit.
Shiho: Suit yourself... Hm? Hey, Shizuku, you dropped a sheet of paper.
Shizuku: Huh? Wait, that's...!
Shiho: “You're Invited to Shii's Birthday Party”...?
Shiho: Shizuku, is this...?
Shizuku: I was hoping to discuss it with you after I had a chance to figure out some details, but now that you know...
Shizuku: Remember how you used to invite Honami and the others over each year to celebrate your birthday?
Shizuku: The moon viewing party we had with Airi and everyone else was really a lot of fun, so I was wondering if you'd like it if we threw something like that...
Shizuku: Would you be against that...?
Shiho: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shiho: (Yeah, that was pretty fun... Also...)
Shiho: I won't stop you. I mean, you've already started working on it, right?
Shizuku: Shii...! Thank you so much! I promise to make it as wonderful a birthday party as I can!
Shiho: Alright, alright, I get it. Now, go take your bath.
Shizuku: Okay♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One week later]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Minori: Good morning, Shiho! Oh, Shizuku just stopped by earlier!
Kohane: Yeah, she brought us these. Invitations for your birthday party!
Shiho: (Oh, she already finished making them...?)
Kohane: But are you sure? I mean, I'm really just another classmate...
Shiho: I don't see a problem since you'll have Minori there with you. Also, I'm pretty sure she's inviting Ichika and the others as well.
Kohane: Okay! Thanks, Shiho. I'll make sure to get you something good!
Shiho: (When's the last time I had a birthday party like this... Come to think of it, Shizuku used to celebrate with her friends...)
Shiho: (In retrospect, I feel like I should've made a bigger deal out of her birthday...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Shizuku: I-Is this...? My birthday present?
(White cut)
Shizuku: Oh, this is so cute! A pass case in the shape of a sparrow! I was just thinking about getting a new one too!
Shiho: You mentioned it during dinner the other day, remember? The one you have right now is starting to come apart, right...?
Shizuku: Sh-Shii...!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shiho: (I'm glad she liked it, but that present was all I really did for her...)
Shiho: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The day before Shiho's birthday]

[School SEKAI]

MEIKO: Everyone, are you ready?
Luka: Yes, of course.
Rin: Ready whenever♪
Miku (Ln): Alright, we're a day early but... Happy birthday, Shiho!
Everyone: Happy birthday!!
Shiho: Thanks, you guys.
KAITO: H-Happy birthday, Shiho...
Shiho: Thank you too, KAITO. I know parties aren't really your thing.
KAITO: Yes, but your special day only comes once a year so...
Len: He's right! You're having a party tomorrow to celebrate too, right? You should be having as much fun as you can!
Shiho: Oh...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shiho: Yeah, she's going through the trouble of throwing a party for me, so I will...
Luka: ...?
Miku (Ln): Um, Luka? Is it me or does Shiho seem a little down today...?
Luka: Yes, I noticed that as well.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: I'm gonna stay to practice a little more, so I'll see you tomorrow.
Ichika: Okay, see you tomorrow.
Saki: Get ready for a really amazing birthday present, okay♪
Shiho: Okay, okay. Keep in mind that you'll be too excited to sleep tonight if you get all worked up about it now.
Honami: Hehe. Let's all make sure not to oversleep tomorrow.
Shiho: ...
Shiho: Tomorrow, huh...?
Luka: It's your birthday tomorrow, isn't it? Why the long face? Is something bothering you?
Shiho: Oh, Luka, Miku...
Shiho: No, not really... I was just going over some things we went over during practice today.
Miku (Ln): Are you sure about that, Shiho...? You can always ask us if something is bothering you.
Luka: We just want you to wholeheartedly enjoy your birthday. Why not take this opportunity to discuss what's on your mind?
Shiho: ... So...
(Black cut)
Miku (Ln): So you feel a little guilty about your sister putting a whole party together for you compared to the present you gave her on her birthday...?
Shiho: Yeah, pretty much...
Shiho: In hindsight, I can't help but wonder if I should've thrown one for her considering how many more friends she has than me...
Luka: Shiho... Everybody has their own way of celebrating or showing appreciation for someone.
Luka: Only one thing matters in the end. Whether or not you genuinely “want to celebrate” them.
Shiho: Whether or not that feeling's genuine...?
Luka: Yes. And if it still bothers you, why not ask your sister yourself?
Miku (Ln): Right. You should enjoy the party she's throwing for you, so I recommend doing so as well.
Shiho: ...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

[Shiho's birthday]

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: Let's see... The cake plates are all set, which just leaves the decorations for my room!
Shiho's Voice (Shiho): Shizuku, can we talk for a second...?
Shizuku: Of course♪
Shiho: Oh, you're pretty much done... I was going to ask if there was anything I can do to help...
Shizuku: No, it's your special day. You shouldn't have to lift a finger.
Shiho: I get that, but you really didn't have to go this far for me...
Shiho: I mean, all I did for your birthday was give you that pass case...
Shizuku: Shii...?
Shizuku: Oh, I think I understand... Are you saying that because I didn't have all my friends over for my birthday?
Shiho: Yeah, kinda...
Shizuku: I see... But you don't have to feel that way. This party's not actually just for you, Shii. 
Shiho: Huh?
Shizuku: Remember how you sort of preferred to play all by yourself when we were little?
Shizuku: I absolutely admire how you're such a strong girl, but you also seem so lonely at times looking in from the outside...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: However, seeing you have Ichika and Minori along with so many other friends and classmates around you now puts such a big smile on my face.
Shiho: Shizuku...
Shizuku: Of course, this birthday party is meant to celebrate you, Shii, but...
Shizuku: I want to throw this party to also ask everyone, “Please keep looking after Shii.”
Shiho: Look after me...?
Shiho: Still, point taken...
Shizuku: Thank you. So please, let me celebrate your special day by throwing you this party. Are you still okay with that?
Shiho: Yeah, I'm okay with it...
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you, Shii!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Thank you all for gathering today to celebrate Shii's birthday!
Shizuku: Here's to her having so many friends to look after her now! Cheers!
Airi: Shizuku! You couldn't just go with “Happy birthday”?!
Haruka: Hehe. Oh, Shizuku.
Shiho: Ugh...
Saki: Shiho♪ Happy birthday!
Ichika & Honami: Happy birthday!
Shiho: Thanks. To be fair, we already did this once yesterday.
Saki: Hehe. I know. But we've got a surprise ready for you today.
Honami: We invited Tsukasa and Emu to join us today, but they, unfortunately, said they're both busy with a show at the Wonder Stage...
Saki: Lucky for us, they recorded a voice message for us! Let's listen to it together later♪
Shiho: Sure, sounds good.
Kohane: Shiho!
Haruka: Allow us to say it again. Happy birthday, Hinomori.
Minori & Kohane: Happy birthday!
Shiho: I really appreciate it. Thank you all for coming today.
Kohane: Thanks for inviting us. Also, about your present...
Haruka: We ran into Kohane while out looking for something to get you, Hinomori.
Minori: Yeah! That was when the three of us decided to get you something together!
Minori: Ta-daah! Here it is!
Shiho: W-Wait, this is...!
Kohane: It's a limited-edition Phenny set that you could only get abroad and still hasn't been re-released.
Shiho: I knew it...!
Shiho: I wanted to get this when I saw that you could have them use inner tubes or surf together, but I thought it was out of my reach forever.
Minori: Shiho, do you know Emu? She performs in shows at Phoenix Wonderland, but she's also...
Shiho: I know. Saki's brother introduced me to her... Not only that, her family's the one that runs PXL, right?
Minori: Yeah! We asked her about this set knowing in advance that we didn't have much of a shot!
Minori: But then, she discovered that they still had the display sample and was able to get it to us!
Shiho: I had no idea... Also, this is beyond rare now...
Kohane: Emu said that she'd rather see it in the hands of someone who'll take good care of it instead of having it sit in storage.
Haruka: That's why we're hoping that you'll give them the love they deserve, Hinomori.
Shiho: You guys...
Shiho: Thanks. I promise to do just that.
Kohane: Great!
Shizuku: Shii seems to be enjoying herself.
Airi: I could say the same for you, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Hehe. That's because I'm happy as long as I know that she's smiling.
Airi: Yeah, I can tell. That means we should help give her the celebration that she really deserves!
Shizuku: Great!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000039/bg_s000039.png)
Tsukasa: <Is it recording...? Ahem...! Shiho, we won't be able to make your party, but we hope you'll get a chance to hear this! Happy birthday!>
Saki: <Oh, Tsukasa, me next! Shiho, I know that we have to keep practicing really hard, but I wanna get better so I promise to do my best!>
Ichika: <Happy birthday, Shiho. I promise to keep doing my best so that the songs we write and play do well during shows... Some words of encouragement might be nice every so often too. Anyway, Honami, you're next...>
Honami: <Okay. Shiho, thank you for being there to discuss my worries not just regarding our band, but school as well.>
Honami: <But I want to become stronger so that you can rely on me more! Okay, Emu, your turn.>
Emu: <Yay! Happy wonderhoy birthday, Shiho! Come to Phoenix Wonderland again, okay?! Tsukasa, the others and I will always be there to welcome you!>
Minori: <Ready...?>
Minori, Kohane & Haruka: <Happy birthday, Shiho!> <Happy birthday, Hinomori!>
Minori: <To Shiho! You're usually really cool and calm, but I hope the cute girl inside that loves adorable things never goes away♪>
Kohane: <Hehe. I really love being able to talk so much about music with you, Shiho. I'd like it if we could talk more about girl bands sometime!>
Haruka: <Even though it was fairly brief, I really enjoyed talking about Phenny with you. I'm sure we both still have plenty more to discuss, so we should definitely chat again!> 
Airi: <Happy birthday, Shiho! It's incredible how mature you are. Honestly, I sometimes think you're really the big sister.>
Airi: <Still, Shizuku really is a wonderful big sister, so please throw her a bone every once in a while.>
Shizuku: <Are you enjoying your birthday party, Shii? I know that I certainly am!>
Shizuku: <I'm sure that you are, but I'm also sure that your friends are as well. Hehe. I'd like to do this again if possible.>
(White cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: Thanks for celebrating my birthday with me today...
Shiho: Leo/need's still pretty rough around the edges since we're still just getting started as a band...
Shiho: But Ichika and the others showed me that they're serious about going pro together.
Shiho: Which is why I've gotta keep doing my best too.
Shiho: I hope you'll stick around to see what happens.
Shiho: Anyway, I'll see you later.
(White cut)
