388_Shiho Hinomori_R3 Filled With My "Thanks" (event_51)

Gacha phrase: Here... Thanks for Valentine's Day.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[White Day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Shiho: ...
Shiho: (I think I'm starting to get nervous...)
Shiho: (But this really isn't all that different from giving chocolates to Ichika and the others.)
Shiho: Here goes nothing...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Hi, Shiho!
Kohane: Good morning!
Shiho: Morning.
Shiho: You seem like you're in a good mood, Minori.
Minori: Hehe. Can you tell? I got a return gift from Haruka just a bit earlier!
Minori: She made these chocolates herself too! I'm gonna cherish them forever...
Shiho: No, you should eat them. I mean, that's why she made them for you, right?
Minori: Right! She even said so herself. As much as I don't want to, I'll make sure to eat these.
Kohane: Oh, Shiho, that reminds me. You went to the Chocolate Factory with Haruka, right?
Minori: Yeah, that's right! I couldn't believe it when Haruka told me about what happened...!
Shiho: We just happened to realize that we were both looking up what the Chocolate Factory's like.
Shiho: It also seemed like the perfect opportunity for me to make some chocolates in secret for Saki and the others, so I decided to invited her along.
Shiho: (Wait, this is my chance...)
Shiho: So...
Minori: So what was the Chocolate Factory like, Shiho?
Shiho: Huh?
Minori: Haruka already told me what she thought, but I'd really love to hear from you too, Shiho.
Kohane: Yeah, me too!
Shiho: What I thought...?
Shiho: I mean, it was a factory as advertised, but the tour was mostly centered around its museum.
Shiho: Although, I don't think any of us were expecting to be surprised with a show right off the bat.
Minori: Oh, Haruka told me about that too! Like how these chocolate fairies guided you around and stuff.
Shiho: Yeah, Chocomi and Chocoko.
Kohane: Oh, their names even make it sound like they're chocolate fairies!
Shiho: Yeah, very true...
Shiho: But they weren't your usual fairies with wings or anything. They looked just like bars of chocolate.
Kohane & Minori: Huh?
Kohane: B-Bars of chocolate?!
Shiho: Yeah. The kids loved them, but it was pretty surreal.
Minori: I-I'm having trouble imagining what they're like now...
Shiho: Sorry, I'm not really sure how else to describe them.
Shiho: So, it might be good to go see them for yourself.
Minori: Definitely! It'd be great to go when Tsukasa's there performing as an extra too♪
Shiho: Oh, you heard about that too?
Minori: Something happened to the cast member who was performing alongside him, right?
Kohane: And everyone worked together to keep the show going.
Shiho: Yeah... But I doubt you'll ever get to see a repeat of what happened.
Shiho: (Okay, now's my chance...!)
Shiho: So, you two...
Minori: Yes?
Shiho: Here... I made these at the Chocolate Factory. Thank you both for Valentine's Day.
Minori: Wait, for us?!
Kohane: Thank you so much, Shiho! I don't know what to say!
Shiho: I mean, I can't just take and not give back.
Shiho: (Still, I never saw myself giving chocolates to anyone other than Saki or the girls.)
Shiho: Oh, also. Please open them when you get home.
Minori: Wow! It's a chocolate bunny! It's so cute!
Shiho: You opened it...
Minori: Huh? H-Hahaha... Sorry, I couldn't resist...
Kohane: U-Um... Shiho? Can I open mine too?
Shiho: By my guest...
Kohane: Thanks! Oh, I got a lop rabbit!
Minori: Oh, you're bunny's really cute too! I really like how it's smiling!
Kohane: Yeah! Thank you so much, Shiho!
Shiho: You're both welcome...
Shiho: (But I should be the one thanking you two...)
Shiho: (For celebrating my birthday, exchanging gifts on Valentine's Day and just being there to talk...)
Shiho: (I sort of can't believe how well I'm getting along with my classmates.)
Shiho: Thank you so much...
Kohane: Is something the matter, Shiho?
Shiho: No, it's nothing.
Shiho: (It's kinda nice to make something myself for a change.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[White Day]

[After school]

Shiho: Thanks for waiting.
Saki: It's okay. We haven't been here long, so no problem♪
Shiho: Hm? Someone's excited about something...
Ichika: Saki's been like this all day.
Honami: Hehe. My guess is that she can't wait to see what Tsukasa's prepared for her.
Saki: Hehe. Yeah, because he invited the three of you, Emu and everyone else from Wonderlands×Showtime over to our house!
Saki: But I didn't see Tsukasa getting anything ready, so I'm really excited about what he's gonna do for us!
Shiho: Okay, okay. We get it. There's still something else we need to do before that, right?
Ichika: Right.
Ichika: Happy White Day, everyone!
Saki, Honami & Shiho: Happy White Day!
Ichika: Here's my gift... It's an assortment of chocolate truffles in different flavors.
Saki: Oh, the wrapping's so fancy! It already looks delicious!
Ichika: I'm not sure about that.
Honami: Hehe. My gift is macarons. I decided to try making some myself.
Shiho: You made these? They look amazing. Aren't macarons really hard to make?
Honami: I've been meaning to try for a while. They turned out really well, but make sure to eat them soon.
Saki: Okay! Thanks, Hona!
Saki: I'll go next! Ta-daa!
Ichika: Oh, you baked us muffins?
Shiho: Wait, these are huge. They're mushrooming out of their cups.
Saki: Hehe. I think I used a little too much dough♪
Honami: Hehe. But I think you baked them just right. They look delicious.
Saki: I know, right?! They baked all the way through and were good when I gave them a taste, so satisfaction guaranteed♪
Shiho: Yeah, I'm sure they're fine.
Shiho: Anyway, here's my gift...
Saki: Oh, a simple box! That's so like you, Shiho. Can I open mine?
Shiho: You'd peek inside regardless of what I say, right?
Saki: What? Well, maybe just a tiny peek through the unclosed gaps...
Ichika: Hehe. An honest answer.
Saki: Oh, come on! She made these with Haruka during that chocolate-making demo, right?
Saki: That means these are chocolates by Shiho for us! Of course I can't wait to see what's inside!
Honami: I agree. I can't wait to see either.
Shiho: Alright, fine. In return for what you did, Saki, go right ahead.
Saki: Yay♪ You're the best!
Saki: Oh wow! Chocolate shooting stars! Th-That's so cool...!
Ichika: You're right...! They look so smooth! And these silvery decorations are so shiny!
Shiho: The silvery bits are edible silver leaf. My hope was that adding these would make them look more like shooting stars.
Honami: Yes, and you succeeded with flying colors!
Honami: I'm starting to think our wishes might come true if we made some on these stars.
Saki: Yeah, totally!
Shiho: That might be taking it too far.
Ichika: No, I disagree. These really look like shooting stars.
Saki: Yeah♪ I'm gonna make a wish before I eat mine!
Honami: Hehe. I think I will too.
Ichika: Me too!
Shiho: (I'm glad they like them so much.)
Shiho: Anyway, Saki, why don't we start making our way towards your place...?
Honami: Oh, that's right. We shouldn't keep Tsukasa waiting.
Saki: Okay, I'm gonna let him know that we're on our way!
Shiho: We're meeting with Otori over there, right?
Honami: Yes. She said she's going to meet with Kusanagi and the others at Kamiyama High right after homeroom lets out.
Shiho: Alright, that means the four of us should be fine on our own.
Saki: Yup♪ So it's off to my house! Let's go, Shiho!
Shiho: Okay, okay.
(Black cut)
