419_Shiho Hinomori_R3 How Things Develop From Here (event_56)

Gacha phrase: So we can keep moving forward, together...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Shiho: (Thanks to all of Ichika's hard work, our new song's unbelievably good.)
Shiho: (This song might just be able to...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: ...
Shiho: (We've come up with an incredible song, so we have to put on the best performance possible.)
Shiho: (In order to do that, we'll need to...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-B]

Shiho: Honami, you here?
Honami: Oh, Shiho, good morning.
Shiho: Morning. I want to discuss our practice schedule from today onwards. Are you free right now?
Honami: Yes, I'd like to discuss that as well.
Honami: Mind taking a look at this? It's a preliminary schedule based on all of our shifts for work and whatnot...
Honami: But it ended up becoming much tighter than usual...
Shiho: If we want to have our new song ready in time... Okay, let's have a closer look...
Shiho: ...
Shiho: (Yeah, this is a lot tighter than usual...)
Shiho: (But it's still realistically achievable.)
Shiho: Hm...? What's with these blue circles?
Honami: Oh, those are days when we won't be able to do full run-throughs because one of us has work.
Honami: There are a few of those, but things could conceivably become a little easier if we decided to hold practice during some of these days.
Honami: That's why I was hoping to hear from everyone about their individual schedules after school today.
Shiho: Okay. Got it.
Shiho: Hehe...
Honami: Shiho...?
Shiho: Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to laugh like that.
Honami: No, that's okay. But you seem really happy all of a sudden.
Shiho: Oh, that's because...
Shiho: You've become such a reliable person, Honami.
Honami: Huh...? Y-You think so?!
Shiho: Why would I lie about something like this?
Shiho: You're always looking out for us and coming up with schedules that we can actually accomplish as a band...
Shiho: That's only possible if you clearly know what someone needs to work on and how much time they're going to require.
Honami: Oh, right!
Honami: I usually try to compare our previous schedules and practices to what we're doing now on top of trying new things.
Honami: So there's a lot of trial and error involved...
Shiho: I see...
Shiho: But your schedules are always a huge help, Honami. We wouldn't know what to do without them.
Shiho: Without a schedule, just practicing a lot doesn't mean we'll be ready in time for a show.
Honami: Plus, if we believe that we won't be ready, we can always think of something to do for Hanano and her brother outside of putting on a show for them.
Shiho: Of course, things won't always go as planned. Regardless, our goal's going to be to “put on the best performance possible.”
Shiho: In the end, it's just so much better having a schedule and knowing how we're progressing.
Shiho: So, thank you.
Honami: I really appreciate you saying that, Shiho.
Honami: Hehe...
Shiho: Hm? What's up?
Honami: I've received so much praise from you this morning that I can't help but think today's going to be a wonderful day.
Shiho: I get that I'm pretty hard on all of you, but I do properly compliment you guys when I think you deserve it.
Honami: Hehe. I know.
Honami: That means I should keep trying my best so you praise me like this every day.
Shiho: Yeah, yeah.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

[Chocolate Factory]

Saki: Whoa...! It's bigger than I expected!
Ichika: This is where you and Kiritani made your chocolates for White Day...?
Shiho: Yeah.
Shiho: (I really didn't expect for us to come here together like this.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): The Chocolate Factory...?
Rin: Ohhh! That's where Shiho went to make chocolates for White Day, right?!
Saki: Yup! Right now, they're doing a demo where you get to make chocolate crepes using batter with chocolate in it!
Saki: We should totally go the next time we don't have practice♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (But we got through that gauntlet of a practice schedule on top of putting on a great show, so I think we deserve a little reward.)
Shiho: Oh, that reminds me. We should let Miku and the others know soon.
Honami: Right. They should be okay to come out since the staff's explaining things at that table over there.
Shiho: Alright...
Shiho: Miku, Rin, Luka. The coast is clear.
Rin: <Hiya♪ We're here...>
Miku (Ln): <Shhh!>
Rin: <Gwah...!>
Luka: <Rin, didn't you promise us that you'd be quiet?>
Rin: <Haha. Right... Sorry, I'm just so excited...>
Shiho: Are the others not coming?
Luka: <Oh, they didn't want to be a bother by jumping on the bandwagon.>
Miku (Ln): <But they're really looking forward to us bringing back crepes for them.>
Honami: Hehe. That means we'll need to make them right.
Shiho: Alright, let's get started.
(Black cut)
Saki: Rin, it looks like we have a lot of crepe batter options. How does fluffy and gooey sound?
Rin: <Fluffy and gooey? Yeah, that sounds fun♪>
Shiho: Does fun work as a measure of taste?
Miku (Ln): <Hehe. They seem to be happy with it, so why not?>
(Black cut)
Shiho: Oh, we can choose between mixing in chocolate sauce or chocolate powder.
Saki: I'm totes going with the Chocolate Factory's special chocolate sauce!
Ichika: In that case, I'll try using chocolate powder.
Honami: Oh, it might be good to make some regular crepes as a way of adding some color to the mix.
Luka: <I agree. After all, we eat first with our eyes.>
(Black cut)
Honami: Okay, the batter's done. Shall we start making some?
Honami: Pour it onto the middle of the hot plate and spread it out as evenly as possible...
Luka: <Hehe. Miku called the spreader a hammer too. A dragonfly may be more appropriate.>
Miku (Ln): <I didn't know it was used to spread the batter. No wonder it looks so strange...>
Saki: Alright, I'm gonna give it a go! Pour the batter in the middle... And...
Saki: Wait, huh? Where's my spreader? It was right here a second ago!
Rin: <Oh no! Sakki! The batter's starting to cook! Hurry! You gotta find it and spread the batter!>
Shiho: Oh, you two... Here, you can borrow mine.
Saki: You're a lifesaver, Shiho...!!
(Black cut)
Ichika: Miku, Luka, what should we do for toppings?
Miku (Ln): <Hmm... Some of those bite-sized cakes might be nice.>
Luka: <As for me... Fruits, cream and... Oh, the Chocolate Factory's special chocolate sauce, please.>
Ichika: Okay, sounds good.
Shiho: Saki, aren't you putting on way too much...?
Saki: Huh? You think so? It's just bananas, strawberries and chocolate cake at this point.
Shiho: No, I'm talking about how much of each you're trying to cram in.
Rin: <It's all good♪ The staff even said, “Just wrap it up and you'll be fine!”>
Rin: <Oh, Sakki, let's put some ice cream on top once it's wrapped!>
Saki: Yeah! What kind of ice cream do you think KAITO would like?
Shiho: That's nice of you, but won't it melt before it gets to him?
Saki: Way ahead of you♪ They apparently have these freezers that help prevent it from melting!
Shiho: Well, alright...
Shiho: Oh, I'm making one for MEIKO next, so in terms of toppings...
(Black cut)
Saki: I-It's done...!
Rin: <Woohoo! Nice work, you guys♪>
Honami: Hehe. Making our own crepes was so much fun.
Ichika: It was. Especially since we got to make the batter and choose our own toppings.
Shiho: Yeah, and I still can't believe how well they all turned out.
Luka: <I can't wait to have them with everyone.>
Shiho: Same. Let's head right over once the demo finishes.
Saki: Shiho! They said we can eat the leftover bananas and strawberries!
Honami: The staff even said we're welcome to have the chocolate sauce too.
Rin: <Whoa! That's so big-bellied of them♪>
Shiho: Huh? Don't you mean “big-hearted”...?
Rin: <Oh yeah! But it's going in our tummies♪>
Shiho: No, that's not the point!
Luka: <Hehe.>
(Black cut)
