493_Shiho Hinomori_R4 An All-Out Performance (event_69)

Gacha phrase: We'll prove it with this song.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Let's keep doing our best, everyone...
Shiho: And keep doing everything we can until our show.
Ichika: Shiho...
Saki: Yeah, of course! We're gonna blow that crowd away during our next show!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: (Hmm... The classroom I'm using today should be...)
Len: Shiho, wait...!
Shiho: Len? Rin, you too? What's going on?
Rin: We thought what you said just now was so cool, Shih!
Shiho: Huh?
Len: Yeah, the way you said, “But we've gotta do this,” was great.
Shiho: Oh, that was just...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: (It isn't just Saki...)
Shiho: (They're all nervous about having to play on the same stage as anemone.)
(White cut)
Shiho: I understand how you all feel.
Shiho: But we've gotta do this.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: I was just trying to tell the others that we can't let things go on the way they were.
Shiho: Originally, I wanted to find a way to get through to the crowd at that live house with our songs...
Shiho: But I ended up picking a fight with Saku, and said that we're gonna show everyone that belittled our music just who we are with our music.
Shiho: Unfortunately, as a result, that resulted in extra pressure being placed on the others.
Len: I see... But Ichika would've spoken up if you hadn't, right?
Rin: Yeah! You shouldn't be feeling bad about this, Shih!
Rin: I mean, I wanna see your efforts get rewarded and tell them, “See?! Aren't these girls great!”
Len: Why are you the one getting all high and mighty, Rin...?
Rin: Why? Because we're all friends♪
Shiho: ...
Len: Anyway, it's true that we all want you to put your best foot forward.
Len: Unfortunately, you're the ones who have to do the work, and we can't really do much when it comes to the actual show.
Len: Which is why it was really great to see you doing what you can to inspire everyone.
Rin: Yeah! I think they all responded really well because you're not afraid of speaking your mind!
Shiho: ...
Len: Hm...? You don't seem all that content...
Shiho: Huh...? No, I'm just surprised is all...
Shiho: I... On more than one occasion, I made the mistake of speaking too harshly or going too far...
Shiho: I've even hurt Honami and the others by saying what I was feeling after getting really frustrated.
Rin: Shih...
Len: Luckily, you succeeded this time.
Shiho: Yeah... Thanks.
Len & Rin: You're welcome. You're welcome!
Len: Sorry for keeping you. Let's make the most of these training sessions.
Shiho: Yeah, let's do just that!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: Do we all have our drinks ready?!
Shiho: Yeah, ready.
Ichika: I'm ready too.
Rin: Yay♪ Same!
Saki: Alright, let's do this!
Saki: Here's to an amazing show, and a big thanks for helping us out during our training sessions! Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
MEIKO: Mmm! Why does orange juice always taste this good during after parties?
Honami: Hehe. We also brought plenty of snacks, so feel free to have as many as you like.
Ichika: Oh, speaking of snacks, we brought all the things that you each requested.
Shiho: Len, here's your caramel popcorn... KAITO, I believe you asked for these crunchy potato sticks.
Len: Hey, thanks! I really liked how it was a little bitter, so I was hoping that I'd get to try them again someday.
Len: Also, KAITO, you asked for crunchy potato sticks?
KAITO: I thought they were fun and all the more delicious because they're so crunchy...
Saki: I know exactly what you mean! Each time you chew, they go, “Crunch♪ Crunch♪ Crunch♪” and you can good groove going.
KAITO: No, I just...
Shiho: KAITO doesn't do childish stuff like that.
Saki: What?! It's not childish! It's just a fun way to enjoy a delicious snack!
Everyone: Haha. Hehe.
Shiho: And here are the snacks you asked for, Luka, MEIKO.
Luka: Oh, thank you.
Shiho: No, we should be the ones thanking you. We really appreciate what you've done for us during our training sessions.
MEIKO: I also enjoyed spending a month with you girls very much.
MEIKO: Hang on, Luka, what did you ask for?
Luka: Chocolate chip cookies because they go so well with tea. What about you, MEIKO?
MEIKO: I asked for super spicy potato chips! I wanted to try them since they're supposed to be extra hot.
Saki: M-MEIKO, those are legit super spicy, so it might be good to start slow with them...!!
Honami: Especially since they were so hot that they brought you to tears that time you tried them, Saki...
Saki: Yeah, exactly! They were good, but I'm not sure I want to try them again.
Ichika: I tried tasting them too. I really can't recommend them to anyone who's not good with spicy food.
MEIKO: Is that so?! Now I really can't wait to try them!
Rin: Th-That made you more excited about them...?
Len: MEIKO just isn't afraid of anything...
KAITO: What did you ask for, Miku...?
Miku (Ln): Me? Um, candy... Like cotton candy...
KAITO: Ah, you did say that you like how light and fluffy it feels when you eat it... I suppose that sensation matters quite a bit...
Miku (Ln): Yes, it does. I've had things before that have a similar taste, but I couldn't get enough of the way it disappeared in my mouth.
Shiho: (Ichika, the others and I thought a lot about how to thank them for helping us as we trained, so it's really nice to see that they're enjoying our gifts...)
Rin: Hey, Sakki! Did you bring the Sour Deluxe I asked for?
Saki: Of course! Just gimme one sec!
Len: You don't mean that gum with really sour pieces mixed in the pack, do you?!
Rin: Heh heh heh. It's even better this time around because there's only one normal piece buried amongst a bunch of super sour ones!
Rin: There's ten in total, so we can all have a piece♪
MEIKO: Haha. That sounds fun! Luka, mind getting me a refill?
Luka: Of course. Here you are.
Luka: Oh, Shiho, your glass is empty too. Would you like some more orange juice?
Shiho: Yes, please.
MEIKO: Glug... Glug...
MEIKO: Ahh...! Juice during an after party's always delicious, but it tastes even better today because you girls just put on such a wonderful show!
MEIKO: I'm sure it must taste sublime for you right now, Shiho.
Shiho: Yes, it does...
Shiho: This may be the best I've ever had...
Shiho: (I can say that because of everyone here. They all did absolutely everything they could for this show...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: ...!
Shiho: (They're all keeping up with me. Our sound's actually gelling...)
Shiho: (This is so much fun...!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (I really am at my happiest when I'm performing as a member of Leo/need.)
Luka: Shiho seems very happy.
MEIKO: Yes, I'm so glad for her.
Rin: Everyone! It's time for Super Sour Russian Roulette! Take your pick☆
Saki: C'mon, Shiho, you pick one too!
Shiho: Okay, okay.
(Black cut)
