560_Shiho Hinomori_R2 Leo/need Have Fun In The Snow (event_80)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Saki: Hey, check this out! The snow feels all crunchy!
Ichika: Be careful not to slip and fall, Saki.
Saki: I'll be fine♪
Shiho: *Sigh* Is she really going to be?
Honami: Hehe. She's just so happy that it snowed so much.
Shiho: Even though her nose always turns bright red when it gets this cold.
Shiho: Hm...?
Shiho: (There's something by the side of the path.)
Shiho: Wait, that's a rabbit...made of snow?
Saki: Shiho, what are you looking at? Hey, it's a snow rabbit!
Honami: The way it's sitting is so cute.
Ichika: Hehe. Now that you mention it, I saw a couple of snowmen in the courtyard.
Saki: Yeah, me too! Whoever made them must've been celebrating how it snowed so much!
Honami: Possibly. Still, it's rare for someone to make a snow rabbit instead of a snowman.
Shiho: True.
Shiho: (This really takes me back... I remember making these with Shizuku when we were little.)
Shiho: (Even if it snowed just a little bit, we'd gather up as much as we could...)
Shiho: (And sometimes paint some little pebbles red in place of the red berries we usually used.)
Shiho: (But they always melted away by the time we came home from school, and Shizuku would do her best to cheer me up...)
Saki: Wait, there's only one here. And it's in kind of a dark corner. Doesn't it seem lonely?
Shiho: I have a feeling that it's there to keep it from melting.
Ichika: Still, it does seem pretty lonely being all by itself...
Saki: Yeah, I thought so!
Saki: They say that loneliness can be fatal for a rabbit, so let's make some friends for it to hang out with!
Shiho: Huh?
Honami: Hehe. That sounds fun. I'd like to make one as well.
Ichika: Me too... Especially since there's plenty of snow to go around.
Saki: Yeah! Shiho, let's make some together!
Shiho: No, I...
Saki: ...!
Shiho: Ngh...
Shiho: Okay, fine...
(Black cut)
Saki: Hmm... I can't get mine to look like a real rabbit.
Shiho: Try rounding your ball of snow into more of an oval. Then, flatten the bottom.
Ichika: Oh, I'll try that...
(Black cut)
Honami, Saki & Ichika: Finished!
Honami: They shrank a little after we trimmed them to make them look nice.
Ichika: Yeah, so why don't we just call them baby rabbits?
Saki: Hehe. Then, let's place them around the big one and...
Saki: Cool! They're all together now! Now it's definitely not gonna feel lonely♪
Shiho: ...
Shiho: By the way, what you said about loneliness being bad for rabbits isn't actually true.
Saki: What?!
Honami: Oh, I saw something about that once on TV. I guess they were right...?
Shiho: Yeah. They tend to share nests together, but prefer to be alone when they go out and about.
Ichika: W-Wow, I had no idea... Where did you learn that, Shiho?
Shiho: The pet simulator app I play with sometimes. It popped up one day as a little tidbit.
Saki: Wait, but! They don't not like hanging out together, right?!
Shiho: Wah...! Th-They're social creatures, so I'm sure they enjoy each other's company.
Saki: Thank goodness! I wasn't sure what I was gonna do if you said they didn't.
Shiho: (Either way, I doubt that you would've just let it be.)
Honami: Hehe. You seem happy, Shiho...
Shiho: Hm? I do?
Shiho: Anyway, let's go home. You guys all had your fun, right?
Saki: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - School Gate]

Shiho: Shizuku, quit it... I can't walk if you glue yourself to me like that.
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm sorry, but I'm just happy about us going to school together since it's been so long.
Shiho: Practice for this morning got canceled because of the snow, right? That doesn't mean we have to...
Shizuku: No, we go home at different times, so mornings are the only chance we get to do this!
Shiho: *Sigh* Okay, I get it. Just don't get so excited that you trip over something, alright?
Shiho: I mean, I heard that you slipped and broke your umbrella the other day...
Shizuku: Don't worry. I didn't bring one today!
Shiho: No, that isn't what I meant...
Shiho: Anyway, Shizuku, my class is this way...
Shizuku: Oh, Shii, wait. There's something I'd like to show you.
Shiho: Show me?
Shizuku: Yes! Look over there! See that corner that's slightly darkened?
Shiho: (Huh? Isn't that where...?)
Shizuku: Look, Shii! It's a nest of cute little snow rabbits!
Shiho: (I knew it...)
Shizuku: Remember how we used to make these when we were little after it snowed? Even when there was only some on the ground, we worked so hard to gather up as much as we could!
Shiho: Yeah, I remember... But I already knew about these...
Shiho: Wait, huh...?
Shiho: One, two, three, four, five...six, seven, eight...?
Shiho: Th-There's more now...
Shizuku: Oh, did you already know about them?!
Shizuku: So, I was actually the one who made the first snow rabbit.
Shiho: Huh...?
Shizuku: Then, when I returned, there were five. Airi and the others saw that and decided to make their own♪
Shiho: S-Slow down! Shizuku, you made the first one?!
Shizuku: Yes, I did.
Shizuku: Hehe. It was so nice to see it surrounded by so many friends. I couldn't be happier for it.
Shiho: Oh...
Shizuku: Do you think someone else made these ones because they didn't want mine to feel lonely?
Shiho: Actually, Saki, Ichika and Honami made those... And this one's mine...
Shizuku: What...? R-Really?!
Shiho: Yeah. Saki said how rabbits don't like to be lonely, so we decided to make some together.
Shiho: So, I knew that there were five. Which is why I was surprised when I saw that there were eight.
Shiho: (If Momoi made one, then it probably means Minori and Kiritani made the other two.)
Shizuku: This is so wonderful! You all saw my rabbit and decided to make some friends for it!
Shiho: I'm just as surprised as you are. I honestly wasn't expecting to hear that you made this, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Oh, do you think more will gather?
Shiho: Who knows? They'll probably melt before that happens since it's supposed to be sunny for a while.
Shizuku: True. If only they could stay like this forever...
Shizuku: Isn't it sad, Shii?
Shiho: Okay, I get it. Again, personal space.
Shiho: This is the opposite of when we were little. You always had to cheer me up back then.
Shizuku: In that case, would you mind cheering me up?
Shiho: What do you mean, “In that case”...? No, I'm not going to.
Shizuku: Oh, that's unfortunate...
Shiho: *Sigh* It's cold, so let's head inside already.
Shizuku: Right. It'd be awful if we both caught a cold.
Shiho: Hey, you're making it really hard to walk...
Shizuku: Really? This makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
Shiho: Oh, you...
(Black cut)
