570_Shiho Hinomori_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: Everyone has my back.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Phew... So glad that I was able to wrap up my classroom duties faster than I expected.
Shiho: Let's see, Ichika and the others should be in one of these rooms... I think it's that one.
Rin's Voice (Rin): Ooh! So you guys came up with a plan to celebrate♪
Saki's Voice (Saki): Yup! It's called “Home Sweet Surprise! From Bedroom to Birthday Party!”
Shiho: Hm...?
(Background change)
Miku (Ln): So, you girls will be taking Shiho out for the day, and during that time her sister and your other friends will decorate the room?
Honami: Yes. Shiho's sister and I had a Cleanup Committee meeting today, so I talked to her about the surprise then.
Honami: There's still plenty of time until the big day. Plus, Shiho's sister got all excited thinking about picking cute decorations just for her.
Luka: Hehe. Well, we know just how much Shiho's older sister loves her. I'm sure it'll turn out wonderfully.
KAITO: I can only imagine how surprised she will be when she returns home to find her room transformed into a birthday party.
Ichika: I think so too. And there are also some other things we'd like to do...
(Background change)
Shiho: (Hang on, they're talking about my birthday party...aren't they? I really shouldn't be eavesdropping on this...)
Len: Hm? Hey Shiho. What are you doing—
Shiho: ...!
Shiho: Shhh! Let's all go in here for a second...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: Ohh... So you heard about the surprise birthday party, huh? That makes things awkward...
Shiho: *Sigh* What should I do?
MEIKO: Hmm... I guess all you really can do is pretend you didn't hear anything.
MEIKO: Or you could just be honest, tell them that you overheard their plan, and ask them to change it?
Len: Isn't that a little too blunt?
Len: The silver lining is that you only heard about the decorations.
MEIKO: Since it is Ichika and the others we're talking about here, they probably have other stuff in the works for you. They might actually surprise you in the end, Shiho.
Shiho: I hope you're right...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Shiho: *Sigh*
Shiho: (I ended up keeping the eavesdropping incident to myself, but...)
Shiho: (I don't know if I'll be genuinely surprised on the day of.)
Kohane: Hey, Shiho...
Minori: You look like something's really been on your mind since this morning. Are you okay?
Shiho: What? Oh...
Shiho: It's nothing major, so don't worry about it.
Kohane: But...something did happen, right? Did you fall out with Ichika and the others?
Shiho: No, nothing happened with them... Actually, something did.
Shiho: It really isn't anything to be that concerned about, but...
Shiho: Alright, I suppose it'd be nice to get some advice. Just please don't tell Ichika and the others.
(Black cut)
Kohane: I see... So you overheard their plans for your birthday surprise.
Minori: Oh no. Sounds like you're in a bit of a pickle.
Shiho: Yeah, kind of. But I have a feeling the others will struggle to contain themselves as we get closer to my birthday.
Shiho: So I might've caught on even if I hadn't overheard.
Shiho: Either way, I think my only option is to act as natural as possible and hope that they succeed in actually surprising me.
Shiho: (But it is a shame that I won't be able to give them the genuine reaction of surprise that they deserve...)
Kohane: ...
Kohane: Shiho! I have an idea on what you can do.
Shiho: You do?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Shopping Mall]

Shiho: (I was a little surprised when Kohane proposed her idea, but I have to admit, it was a good one.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kohane: You feel bad knowing about the surprise Ichika and the others were planning before it happened, right?
Kohane: In that case, why not give them a gift as a token of appreciation for doing all of that?
Shiho: A gift?
Kohane: Yeah. I thought that maybe if you give something to them too, you'll feel a little better.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (A gift... Hope I can find a good one.)
Shiho: Now that I think about it, where are Kohane and Minori? Pretty sure we agreed to meet here...
Minori: C'mon Kohane! If we don't hurry, the others will see her!
Kohane: I-I'm coming! Oh, there's Shiho!
Shiho: Hey you two, over here. Also, what's with the rush—
Minori: Shiho! You need to hide!
Shiho: Huh?
Kohane: Oh, we can hide behind that store! Shiho, quick, this way!
Shiho: W-What's going on?!
Shiho: Oh...
Shiho: (So that's what Ichika and the others meant by “having plans in the afternoon.”)
Minori: Phew! That was a close one...
Shiho: How did you two know that Ichika and the others were going to be here?
Kohane: The thing is...we got a message from them asking us to be a part of the surprise party.
Kohane: They also mentioned that they'd be coming here to secretly buy stuff without you knowing...
Minori: Yup! That's why we raced here to make sure you all didn't bump into each other.
Shiho: So that's what that was...
Shiho: Isn't it a little ironic that I'm the one hiding from them, even though they're supposed to be the ones surprising me?
Minori: Haha... That's kind of true.
Shiho: But thanks for hurrying over to let me know. It definitely would've been awkward if we saw each other.
Shiho: I really appreciate it.
Kohane: No worries. I'm glad we made it on time!
Shiho: Oh yeah, I feel kind of bad since you two sprinted over here, but would you mind if we shop around the other side of the station instead?
Kohane: Sounds good. We would be at risk of bumping into Ichika and the others if we stayed here.
Minori: True!
Shiho: Sorry about all of this.
Minori: It's all good! Let's find a nice gift!
Shiho: Yeah.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa)

[Shiho's birthday]

[Miyamasuzaka]

Shiho: (“Let's meet at the cafe I work at...” This is probably part of the plan Saki and the others came up with in SEKAI to get me out of the house.)
Shiho: (And I guess getting Minori to contact me instead of Saki is their way of making this ordeal seem less suspicious...)
Shiho: (I bet Shizuku and the others are already decorating my room right now too.)
Shiho: (Who knows what they've turned my room into. Perhaps MEIKO is right. They might just surprise me in the end.)
Shiho: Even so... They didn't have to start this early. Just what sort of decorations need this much time to put up?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Cafe]

Shiho: (Alright, now where is Minori?)
Minori: Shiho!
Saki: Welcome!
Airi: We've been waiting for you, Shiho!
Shiho: Huh? What are you all doing here?
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Shii♪
Shiho: Whoa! Sh-Shizuku?!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Shiho: W-Wait. What's going on?
Saki: Were you surprised, Shiho? You totally were, right?!
Saki: We did it! Our reverse surprise was a success♪
Shiho: Reverse surprise? Like I said, what's going on?
Kohane: So, the thing is...we talked to everyone after you told us that you overheard about the surprise party.
Minori: Sorry for breaking our promise, Shiho!
Minori: But, we both wanted you, Ichika and everyone to enjoy your birthday celebration...
Haruka: So that's when Kohane and Minori confided in us. They asked if we had any ideas on how we can turn things around so everyone wins.
Airi: Yup! We decided to take advantage of the situation and surprise you where you least expected it!
Shizuku: Then we asked Honami and the others whether it was possible to move the birthday party to a different venue.
Saki: Since I had a shift on the day we were talking about it, I asked my manager if we had any space.
Saki: Turns out that not many people come around this time, so I got the OK♪
Shiho: I see. That's why you asked me to come out this early in the morning...
Ichika: I'm glad that we were able to surprise you.
Ichika: But, sorry about all of this, Shiho. Kohane and Minori told us about how you felt about overhearing our plans...
Honami: And also for the incident at the mall. We didn't realize something like that would happen.
Shiho: It's okay, that was my fault. I should be the one sorry for making you guys go through so much just for me.
Shiho: But I really was genuinely surprised. Thank you all so much.
Saki: Shiho...!
Shiho: If I had known this was going to happen, I would've brought that thing...
Ichika: What thing?
Shiho: Minori and Kohane didn't tell you? When you all went shopping, I was actually also out shopping for something.
Honami: Huh? We were told that you'd be tagging along with Hanasato and Kohane that day...
Kohane: Hehe. Now it's our turn to surprise all of you.
Minori: Shizuku, if you could please!
Shizuku: Of course. Here you are, Shii♪
Shiho: Oh! That's the gift I bought with Minori and Kohane.
Haruka: We asked Shizuku to sneakily bring it over for us after you left home.
Airi: We also got her to trail right behind you until you got to the cafe.
Shizuku: I'm sorry for going into your room without asking.
Shizuku: But, here. It's your gift to give.
Shiho: Okay...
Shiho: Ichika, Saki, Honami...
Shiho: Thank you for the surprise. I got you all a gift as a token of my appreciation. Here.
Saki: O-Oh my gosh! There's cute little doggies and bunnies poking their faces out of the donuts!
Honami: Oh no! They're so adorable I don't think I can eat them!
Ichika: Me too! I didn't know there was a place that made cute donuts like this!
Ichika: Thank you, Shiho! We'll hand over our gifts to you later.
Saki: The three of us went to so many different shops until we found the perfect gift!
Shiho: I can't wait. Also...
Shiho: Thank you for all of this, Minori, Kohane. Because of the two of you, I can enjoy the celebration without feeling guilty.
Kohane & Minori: Our pleasure!
Shiho: Thank you all of you as well.
Shizuku: Hehe. We only helped a little.
Airi: Enough talking and more celebrating! The party has only begun! Let's cut the cake!
Shiho: *Gasp* There's Phenny on the cake!
Haruka: Since we no longer had to decorate your room, we ended up helping out with the cake and made decorations out of marzipan.
Shizuku: Airi and I made the body and the tail.
Kohane: Hehe. Minori, Haruka and I were in charge of the hat.
Saki: And we did the face♪ What do you think? The eyes are super cute and round, right?
Ichika: We tried to make Phenny resemble you, but maybe we went a little over the top...
Honami: We also made a few beaks to see which one turned out the cutest.
Shiho: You guys...
Shiho: Thank you all so much.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000151/bg_s000151.png)
Kohane: Happy birthday, Shiho! I'm glad the surprise was a success in the end. I was nervous, hoping you wouldn't catch on.
Minori: Me too! Especially since you're so sharp, Shiho! But thank you for listening to us and for proposing a great idea, Haruka, Airi!
Shizuku: Yes. It was thanks to your idea we managed to pull off such a wonderful celebration.
Haruka: Hehe. I wanted Hinomori to enjoy her birthday to the fullest as well, so I'm glad I was able to help Hoshino, Tenma and the others.
Airi: Same here. I'm happy that we got to help turn everything around. Happy birthday, Shiho!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Shiho! I'm sorry I couldn't be there for your party, but I'll be sure to wish you a happy birthday again once the new school term starts!
Saki: Haha. It'll be like “Happy Birthday Part 2♪” In that case, I might just do the same!
Ichika: It sounds like there are a lot of surprises in store for her... But, if you're going ahead with it, then I'd like to help. Especially since she's helped me in a lot of ways too.
Honami: And it's at times like this, we should take extra care to express our gratitude. So, from the bottom of our hearts, happy birthday, Shiho.
Ichika, Saki & Tsukasa: Happy birthday!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: It was surprise after surprise at the birthday party, but overall I had a lot of fun.
Shiho: I was genuinely caught off-guard, and to think that everyone would do so much to celebrate my birthday...makes me so happy.
Shiho: All of this made me realize just how many people are there for me.
Shiho: And I want to work hard and be there for them too.
Shiho: Thank you all so much for celebrating my birthday with me.
(Black cut)
