578_Shiho Hinomori_R4 Important Preparations (event_83)

Gacha phrase: We're finished setting up on our end.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori)

[Live House]

Manager: Then, we'll go with this date.
Shiho: Okay, thank you very much.
Manager: Alright, Leo/need now has a venue booked for their solo show...
Manager: Next, you'll have to start working on all the other preparations for it. Between rehearsals and gathering your audience, I know it's gonna be a lot, so I wish you good luck.
Shiho: I really appreciate it. Even after giving us a rental discount...
Manager: Don't worry about that. I'm just happy that I get to be a part of your very first solo show, Hinomori.
Manager: I worry about most bands since they usually have trouble turning a profit with a solo show, but I'm much more optimistic about you now, Hinomori...
Shiho: Thank you...
Manager: Also, here's the equipment list... Actually, you probably have everything memorized already, don't you...?
Manager: And here are the papers you'll need to fill out, including the ones for your timetable and stage layout.
Manager: I'm guessing that your band still doesn't have a finalized set list yet, but we'll want that sooner rather than later.
Shiho: Understood. I'll tell the others about that and try to get it to you as quickly as possible.
Manager: Okay. Please feel free to ask if you have any questions.
Manager: Anyway, why don't you get started with work? Our act for today should be here soon.
Shiho: Okay, I'll start preparing.
Shiho: I still have some time before I have to get their equipment set up, so I'll take a quick look at these papers...
Shiho: Let's see... We'll need to write up a member list, a stage layout and a timetable... I'll give these to Honami tomorrow...
Shiho: We'll be playing a lot more songs than usual, so we're gonna need to also think about what effects we want to use...
Shiho: Since it's gonna be just us, we can come up with a more intricate sound scheme. It might be nice to have Ichika's guitar solos stand out more.
Shiho: However, above all else, this is gonna be about the way we perform... We'll need to practice like we really mean it.
Shiho: ...
Shiho: A solo show...
Shiho: Our solo show... It's really happening...
(Black cut)
Shiho: (Alright, that's it for the equipment... Next, I need to...)
Staff A: Hey, Hinomori! Do you remember which amps the second band's gonna use for their guitar?
Shiho: These ones. They're all set up.
Staff A: Nice! Thanks for doing that. You work so fast.
Staff B: Hey, Shiho, I heard from the manager that Leo/need's doing a solo show! Is that true?
Shiho: Yes, it is. We decided to do one fairly recently...
Staff A: Wait, really?! Where?!
Shiho: Here. I just set a date with the manager.
Staff A: Seriously...?! Whoa! Leo/need's finally doing a show all by themselves...
Shiho: I honestly thought that we still weren't ready to do one, but we decided to go for it...
Staff B: No way. You're totally ready! I mean, you girls are so good now!
Staff A: I agree. You were all really good to start, but it's amazing how far you've come recently.
Shiho: Thank you very much.
Shiho: (That means a lot coming from them since they've seen so many bands come and go...)
Staff B: Good luck. I'm sure it's gonna go great!
Staff A: Yeah. We've been watching your progress since the beginning, so we know what we're talking about!
Staff B: Hey, I get that you're proud of them, but you're putting a lot of pressure on Shiho.
Staff A: Of course I'm proud! They're even playing here! That means we need to do our absolute best for them as the staff!
Staff B: True. It is their very first solo show, so I get why you're so excited to help them out!
Staff B: So, Shiho, are there any specific effects that you wanna use? You can use all the lights and smoke as you like!
Shiho: What you do for the other bands should be more than enough. I'd rather we not be given any special treatment...
Staff B: Hehe. We're offering because you're all so modest and have an incredible work ethic.
Staff A: Exactly. And Hinomori, you work so hard here and are a great sub.
Staff B: Not only that, your band produces great songs and each member's really nice. It's only natural for us to feel more motivated than usual.
Shiho: The others will definitely like hearing that bit...
Staff B: Hehe. Anyway, as Leo/need fans, we want to give your band as much support as we can.
Staff A: Right. So, don't hesitate to ask us for anything. Let us help you put on the best show possible.
Shiho: Okay, thank you both very much...
Shiho: If we feel that we're going to need your help, we'll make sure to ask...
Shiho: (I didn't realize that we had such valuable supporters hiding right under our noses...)
Shiho: (All the more reason to make sure our show succeeds...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[After school]

[School SEKAI]

(Black cut)
Ichika: What did you think, Shiho? Is it all coming together?
Shiho: Yeah, we've gotten better... But there's still a lot of room for improvement.
Shiho: Saki, you have a habit of rushing ahead during the chorus, so try to be careful and stay in rhythm with Honami's bass drum.
Saki: Okay, got it! I'll keep my ears open for your drumming, Hona!
Shiho: You too, Ichika. Your strumming eases up here and there when you sing during the chorus. Also, try to relax more during the part where we all sync to the same rhythm.
Ichika: Okay, I'll be careful.
Honami: Then, why don't we start again just before the chorus, right where the second verse ends...?
Honami: Let's keep doing our best so that we can put on the best show we can.
Saki: Yeah! Our solo show's gonna be the most powerful ever!
Shiho: ...
Honami: Okay, here we go. One, two...
(Black cut)
Shiho: Alright, let's stop our practice run here...
Honami: Okay. We can spend the rest of our time working on the things we need to individually.
Ichika: Right.
Rin: Nice work, girls! That was really amazing☆
Saki: Hi, you guys! Wait, were you listening to all that from outside?!
Miku (Ln): Yes, we wanted to talk to you after you finished playing that last song. You all performed so well that now I feel like playing myself.
Ichika: Oh, in that case, would you mind joining me for practice? This one part is giving me a lot of trouble...
Saki: I'm having trouble staying in rhythm... I always end up rushing ahead during the chorus.
Luka: Then, how about we practice together?
Saki: You mean it?! Okay, I'd love to!
MEIKO: You all sound incredibly motivated.
Len: Yeah. It's a far cry from when you girls first decided that you're going to do a solo show.
MEIKO: Yes, and you seem to be enjoying playing together much more now.
Shiho: Thank you very much... However, there's still a lot of room left for improvement, so we can't be satisfied with just this.
Honami: Hehe. I agree. I'd like to keep doing everything I can.
KAITO: That's a good mindset...
Len: Yeah, you all sound much more optimistic now.
Shiho: We have you to thank for that, Honami. We wouldn't be feeling this way if it weren't for you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: We know that going pro means making some sacrifices.
Honami: However, we want to be the ones who decide what we actually sacrifice.
Honami: So that we can stay true to our feelings.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: None of the questions Mr. Shindo hit us with then were easy to answer...
Shiho: But you didn't hesitate. You put Leo/need and what we stand for at the forefront.
Shiho: We're able to move in the same direction now because you were willing to tell him how we truly feel...
Len: You really are a cool person, Honami...
MEIKO: I agree. Not everyone can do what you did.
Honami: No, I... That time, I felt compelled to tell him how we truly feel... So I just said whatever came to mind...
Honami: C-Can we change the subject...?
Len: Haha! But it's such a cool story! I could tell it over and over again!
MEIKO: Me too. I feel that we'll be talking about it for quite a while moving forward.
Shiho: You heard them.
Honami: Oh... I appreciate the praise, but I feel really embarrassed at the same time...
Honami: (Still... Being able to say what I felt like that must mean I've become a stronger person...)
Honami: Thank goodness...
Shiho: You've always been a strong person, Honami...
Honami: What...?
Shiho: I mean... Remember how you told me what was bothering you that one time?
Honami: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: I absolutely don't want you to carry this weight by yourself! It doesn't seem right at all!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: So, you really deserved this credit sooner.
KAITO: That happened?
Len: Oh, right. That did happen.
MEIKO: Yes, that did turn into a bit of a sticky situation.
Shiho: You really hit me with some tough love that time...
Honami: Sh-Shiho, stop... That might give some people the wrong idea!
(Black cut)
