619_Shiho Hinomori_R4 Our Sounds Combined (event_90)

Gacha phrase: I've gotta match singing like this...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Ena Shinonome)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Saki: Aaand we're all set up! Time for another great practice!
Honami: As the solo show gets closer, we need to make every session count.
Ichika: Right. Why don't we start with a run-through of everything?
Shiho: Oh... Before that, there's something I want you guys to look at. I wrote up some things for us to be careful of when we're performing.
Shiho: These here are some general points... And then these are things I want each of us to watch out for.
Ichika: Wh-Whoa...! It's all laid out in neat bullet points.
Shiho: They're photocopies of my handwritten notes, so they might not be the easiest to read...
Honami: They're absolutely fine, Shiho. Your handwriting is very neat.
Saki: Lemme see, lemme see! Uh, my points to work on are...
Saki: “Song #1 intro: Don't rush ahead with synth. Stay focused during interlude.”
Ichika: Mine says: “Keep in time with drums during half-time section. Remember effects pedal during guitar solo.”
Honami: Oh... “Be mindful of rests in bassline.” Shiho, you even wrote notes for yourself.
Shiho: Yeah. It's easy to overlook your own slipups, so I want us all to help each other improve.
Honami: I can't believe you listed everything up so properly... Thank you so much, Shiho.
Ichika: We were already each taking notes on the feedback we were getting, but this way we can all watch out for each other.
Shiho: Right. That was my thinking behind this.
Shiho: Also, if we make good use of these, I think we can make our practice sessions more meaningful and effective.
Shiho: (And I'm feeling inspired lately...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
Ena: My groupmates have always been incredible creators, but lately they've been reaching new heights.
Ena: And so, I want to be able to express their work with my art.
Ena: With my art, I want to be able to tell the story within each song they make.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (Shinonome looked pained when she brought that up...)
Shiho: (But she was still working on her art for her groupmates' sake.)
Shiho: (I want to do the same, for the others' sake...)
Shiho: (No... I want to do it so that we can bring everything we have to the solo show.)
Honami: Shiho?
Saki: You look kinda happy... What's up?
Shiho: Oh, it's nothing.
Shiho: I was just thinking how much better we'll be when we iron out every issue on the list.
Ichika: I still can't believe you went to all that trouble... Just writing up these notes must've taken so long.
Honami: Absolutely. And you zeroed in on really specific points.
Shiho: It wasn't so bad. I was already taking regular notes anyway, so it was just a matter of summarizing them.
Ichika: Oh, that's a relief...
Shiho: (Well, I did stay up kind of late working on it...)
Shiho: This next show will be incredibly important for us.
Shiho: Not just because it's our first solo show...
Shiho: It's also gonna be a huge opportunity to get a chance at debuting.
Shiho: That's why we need to pull out all the stops to be ready for it.
Saki: We gotta make the solo show a success, no matter what!
Shiho: Exactly. For all these reasons, we're going to iron out every one of the issues I wrote down by the end of this week.
Ichika: Yes, of cou—
Ichika: Wait, by the end of this week?!
Shiho: Yes, this week. That's the kind of pace we need if we want to be ready in time.
Honami: I suppose you're right...
Saki: B-But, all of these?! This will be so hard...
Shiho: You do want to make the solo show a success, don't you?
Saki: Uh, but that...!
Saki: Waaah! No fair, Shiho! You're ruthless! If you say it like that, I can't not do it!
Saki: I want to check through the notes properly, so at least have the mercy to give me time to read them!
Shiho: Of course, go ahead.
Ichika: Okay, time to have a read-through...
Ichika: Oh, Honami. There's another note about us keeping in time during the third song, so let's discuss that later.
Honami: Sure thing. That was also on my mind, so I'd love to.
Shiho: (I thought I might be asking too much of them...)
Shiho: (But they're doing their best to make it happen.)
Shiho: Thank you, guys...
Shiho: (Alright, I should review my notes too.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

(Black cut)
Miku (Ln): Considering you said you were starting with a simple warm-up, you did really well just now, girls.
Ichika: We have to put in extra effort today since it's the day of our test.
KAITO: Based on those notes that Shiho made, right?
MEIKO: It's amazing that you're on track to cross everything off the list this week!
Saki & Rin: Heh heh heh!
Len: Rin, why are you looking smug too?
Rin: Because I helped out a whole lot♪ You've got this, girls!
Honami: Thank you, Rin. We'll do our best!
Shiho: Now that we're all warmed up, let's start.
Shiho: Eliminating negatives like clumsy playing or rhythm issues is the baseline.
Shiho: We need to be aiming beyond that into the positive to take our performance higher.
Ichika: So we can't reach the next level until we fix every issue on that list, right?
Shiho: Exactly. I want you to perform as if you're really on stage.
Honami, Saki & Ichika: Okay...!
Luka: We'll be listening intently while checking the list for you.
Shiho: Thank you.
Shiho: Honami, take it away.
Honami: Got it. Here we go...
Honami: One, two, three, four!
Rin: Whoa...! Shih's amazing...! She already started playing like it's the climax of the show!
MEIKO: Of course. You need every song in a show to be top-tier!
KAITO: Yes. But she certainly has been even more on top of her game lately.
Luka: You don't seem so surprised. Do you know something we don't?
Miku (Ln): You could say that. But, it's a secret.
Honami: (She's playing that eight-beat rhythm so energetically!)
Honami: (It's my job to help her keep the beat, so I need to keep up...!)
Shiho: (Honami followed my lead. Let's ride this wave!)
Saki: (Their sound is so exciting...! I gotta join them!)
Saki: (Steady... Listen carefully to the music... Now!!!)
Shiho: (Yes, Saki! She's broken her habit of rushing ahead.)
Shiho: (And now...)
Ichika: (...to nail the first note!)
Ichika: ————! ————————!!
Len: Nice! She's belting those notes.
KAITO: They're sailing through the list items too.
Miku (Ln): *Nod*
Shiho: (Our sounds are coming together as one.)
Shiho: (I barely gave them any time, and they still came this far.)
Shiho: (But, we're not finished...)
Shiho: (I can go further!)
Ichika: (...! Shiho's playing just...)
Shiho: (Everyone, follow me!)
Saki & Honami: (Shiho...!)
Ichika: (I will not be left behind!)
(Black cut)
Saki: *Sigh* I-It's over...
Shiho: Luka, everyone. How did we do?
Luka: The first song was perfect. You all managed to keep up with Shiho's performance.
MEIKO: Had that been the real thing, it would have been an incredible start to a show.
Honami: Thank goodness...!
Ichika: But, we're still on the first song.
Shiho: That's right. Let's keep up the pace and get ready for the next one!
Honami, Saki & Ichika: Okay!
(Black cut)
