628_Shiho Hinomori_R2 Technical Expert (event_91)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori)

[The day of the solo show]

[Live House]

Shiho: (We've finished the sound check and all our instruments are ready to go.)
Shiho: (All that's left is for the doors to open to let the crowd in...)
Shiho: (It's almost time... Our very first solo show.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Staff A: Hm? Hinomori...?
Staff B: The doors open soon. Is something the matter?
Shiho: No, I just wanted to take one last look at this place before we let everyone in.
Shiho: I wanted to take a moment to appreciate it... That we're doing a solo show here.
Staff B: Yeah, I get what you mean...
Staff B: It's like the calm before the storm, right? That strange lull before the doors open.
Staff A: Yeah, and you only get the chance to feel it before everyone's allowed in.
Shiho: Exactly.
Staff A: Oh, that reminds me. Let us know if anything sounds funny to you.
Shiho: I appreciate it. But everything sounded okay during our rehearsal, so I'm sure everything is working just fine.
Staff A: That's good to hear!
Staff B: Speaking of which, the lighting and effects sheet was filled out so thoroughly. It made things so much easier.
Staff B: Did you write all that, Shiho?
Shiho: No, that was Honami. Actually, she took care of most of the paperwork for us this time...
Staff B: She did? Hehe. You sound like pros already...
Manager: Especially how you sounded during your rehearsal just now. I'm looking forward to seeing the real thing.
Shiho: Oh, hello...
Manager: We have a big line outside... I think it's about time we let them in.
Shiho: Okay. Again, thank you all for your help.
Staff B: No problem! Now, without further ado...
Staff A: Let's open the doors!
Audience: Whoa...! I come here a lot to see shows, but things feel different today for some reason.
Audience: That's because it's Leo/need's very first solo show! I can't wait!
Shiho: (There's a lot of people filing in...)
Shiho: (I was pretty sure that we sold enough tickets, but seeing them all here does take a load off my mind...)
Band Members: Shiho! We're looking forward to seeing the show!
Shiho: Oh, hello. Thank you all for coming.
Band Members: We weren't going to miss this! Not after how much you've helped us!
Band Members: We've been rooting for you ever since we heard that you formed your own band. So, we can't wait to see today's show!
Shiho: Thank you. We promise to do our best.
Iori: There's a nice vibe going, isn't there?
Shiho: Oh, Iori, hello. I didn't realize you were also here.
Iori: Of course I'm here. I mean, a lot did happen between us.
Iori: Still, I can't believe how fast things have changed...
Iori: Not too long ago, I was trying to get you to join my band, but you're putting on your very own solo show now.
Shiho: Yeah... I sort of can't believe it either.
Shiho: However, Ichika and the others have shown me just how serious they are by working incredibly hard.
Iori: You girls really have really become a great band.
Iori: Now, you just need to produce some good results.
Shiho: Right. As we are now, we should be able to exceed everyone's expectations.
Iori: Hehe. I'll be looking forward to that. For now, see you later.
Shiho: (They're all looking forward to seeing our show...)
Shiho: (Normally, people would get nervous or feel pressured during this time... But...)
Shiho: (I can't wait to start playing...!)
Shiho: (I wanna put on the best show ever and totally blow everyone away...!)
Shiho: (And I think we... No, I know we can do it.)
Shiho: (So, let's go out there and have some fun!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Minori: Let's eat!
Kohane: Hehe. It's been so long since the three of us had lunch together.
Shiho: Yeah, I've been having lunch with Ichika and the others for the most part, or listening to recordings from practice whenever I was by myself...
Shiho: Sorry for refusing your invitations until now...
Minori: No, that's totally fine. We knew that you were really busy preparing for your solo show!
Shiho: Oh, okay...
Student A: Excuse me... Um, is Hinomori here?
Kohane: Oh, aren't those girls from Class C...?
Minori: Shiho's right over here!
Student B: Sorry to bother you during lunch. This one apparently wants to tell you something desperately.
Shiho: Me...?
Student A: Oh, um...
Student A: H-Hinomori! Your solo show was really amazing...!
Shiho: Wait, you were there...?
Student B: She saw you guys play during the night festival, and she's been a fan of your band ever since!
Student A: So, I went over to congratulate Tenma and Hoshino earlier...
Student A: Then, they suggested that I go over to see you and Mochizuki...
Student A: Y-Your show was so incredible! I'm absolutely going to go see your next show!
Shiho: Thanks... Then, we promise to also do our best next time.
Student A: *Gasp* Thank you!
Student B: Hehe. Good for you. Again, sorry to bother you like this...
Minori: Not a problem.
Kohane: Hehe. That was so nice of her, Shiho. And it sounds like Leo/need has a lot more fans now.
Shiho: But it's also a little embarrassing since we all go to the same school.
Minori: Oh, this is gonna sound really silly...
Minori: But you guys sounded so much more powerful at the live house compared to when you played at the night festival.
Kohane: Yeah, I was also totally blown away.
Kohane: An even said how it felt like you created this amazing sea of sound.
Shiho: Really...?
Minori: Haruka seemed to enjoy herself too! Oh, Shizuku was in tears right from the beginning.
Shiho: I know... Her eyes were still bloodshot when I got home after the show.
Shiho: (Not only did the crowd enjoy the show, but so did everyone who's been supporting Leo/need.)
Shiho: I'm really glad.
Shiho: I know I'm tooting my own horn here...
Shiho: But I'm really proud that we were able to put on such an amazing solo show.
Shiho: And I couldn't be happier to hear that you all genuinely enjoyed it...
Kohane: Of course...! Again, Shiho, congratulations.
Shiho: Thanks.
Shiho: I still need to thank Ichika and the others.
Shiho: (For pursuing the same dream as me. For sticking together...)
Shiho: (And it's not really a dream anymore. We're almost there.)
Shiho: (I'm so glad that I get to be in a band with them.)
Kohane & Minori: Hehe. Teehee.
Shiho: Hm...? Why are you two smiling like that?
Minori: Because you seemed really happy just now, Shiho. It's really infectious.
Shiho: Huh? I was smiling that much...?
Kohane: Hehe. It was a really beautiful smile.
Shiho: Stop, that's really embarrassing...
Minori & Kohane: Haha. Hehe.
(Black cut)
