715_Shiho Hinomori_R4 Can't Beat That Stare (event_106)

Gacha phrase: Just this once, got it?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: ...
Shiho: (I can't sleep...)
Shiho: (Ugh... When I'm in a different place than I'm used to, I just can't quite relax.)
Shiho: (The others are...)
Shiho: (Already asleep, I guess.)
Shiho: (I don't think I'll be able to fall asleep, so I'll go get some water or...)
Saki: Mhm...
Shiho: Oh... Sorry, Saki, I didn't mean to—
Saki: Huh...? It's pitch black...
Saki: But we were all chatting until just now...
Shiho: That was already a while ago. You fell asleep on us, so everyone's sleeping now.
Saki: What...?
Saki: What?! When did I fall asleep?!
Shiho: Shhh... Keep your voice down.
Saki: Oh... Sorry.
Saki: Hey, did I manage to fall asleep while chatting like it said on my list?
Shiho: Yeah. We were all talking, and then before we knew it you were asleep.
Saki: Great...! Still, I wanted to talk to you guys more...
Shiho: If you want to talk, we can do that tomorrow. Let's just sleep for today.
Saki: *Sigh* Oookaaay...
Shiho & Saki: ...
Saki: Shiho, you still awake...?
Shiho: Huh? Yeah, I'm awake.
Saki: Good... I thought you'd fallen asleep already.
Shiho: Am I not allowed to?
Saki: Whaaat, if you fall asleep first I'll be lonely... Don't leave me all alone...
Shiho: Then do your best to fall asleep faster than I do.
Shiho: ...
Saki: Oh...
Saki: Shiho...
Shiho: I'm awake, okay?
Saki: Hehehe, sorry, sorry♪
Saki: But I always wanted to do the “you still awake?” thing...
Shiho: What, why?
Saki: I mean... It's the classic thing you do on school trips or anytime you stay the night as a group, right?
Shiho: (Oh...)
Shiho: (Right. Saki didn't get to go on the school trip in junior high...)
Saki: Thanks for doing this sleepover with me, Shiho...
Saki: And for the pictures you surprised me with too! That made me sooo happy!
Shiho: You already told me...
Saki: Well, I can't say it enough!
Shiho: Alright, alright. If you liked them that much, then I guess it was worth the effort of sneaking those pictures.
Shiho: But I think we're all happy too... Me, Ichika, everyone.
Saki: Huh?
Shiho: (Because...)
Shiho: (That list of things you wanted to do... Those were all things you couldn't do when you were in the hospital, and had to wait for. So...)
Shiho: Saki, you being able to do all the things you wanted to makes us all—
Saki: Zzz...
Shiho: Saki...?
Shiho: Wait... Are you asleep?
Saki: Mm... No, I'm...awake...
Shiho: You were totally asleep just now.
Saki: Mmm...
Saki: ...
Shiho: (We're all so happy that you were able to achieve the things you wanted to do.)
Shiho: (When your album is finished, that'll be the last item on your list done...)
Shiho: (Once that happens... It might be nice to celebrate somehow...)
Shiho: *Yawn*
Shiho: (I'll see what Ichika and the others think tomorrow...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Okay. This should do it for the certificate's design.
Luka: Yes. Once Ichika and the others get back from their shopping run, we can start drawing it up.
Miku (Ln): I hope Saki likes it.
Honami: Me too! Thank you all for helping us with this.
Miku (Ln): It's no big deal. We're also happy about Saki finishing her list of things she wanted to do, so we want to be part of the celebration.
Rin: We're baaack♪ We got all that stuff you asked us to buy!
Len: Ichika's the one who actually got it all, though.
MEIKO: Welcome back, everyone! Do we have everything we need?
Ichika: I think so. Can you double check, Shiho?
Shiho: Sure. Scissors, pens, some origami paper... Yeah, we're good. We can get this thing made anytime now.
Rin: Woohoo! Let's make it now☆
Len: Is the design all finished?
Miku (Ln): Yeah. What we've got drawn here is how it should look when it's finished.
Ichika: I see... The border is made up of stars. It looks great!
Rin: Yeah, totally☆ It's like a starry sky, and so cute!
Honami: I'm glad to hear that...! To make the real one, we'd like everyone to fold little origami stars and stick them to the “X” markers here.
Ichika: Oh, you even added markers for us. There are also a bunch of lines drawn both vertically and horizontally...
Luka: Those lines are a guide for when we're writing the text.
Honami: Hehe. Shiho measured them all out so carefully before drawing them.
Shiho: I mean... It'd be pretty lame if the lettering was crooked.
Rin: Oh... Wait, the front looks like it's gonna turn out super cute, but aren't you going to put anything on the back?
Shiho: Good point... As it stands, this'll probably feel a bit unbalanced.
Len: Then how about drawing some pictures? Things that Saki likes and stuff.
MEIKO: If we're doing that, we should draw some of the memories we have of us hanging out and such.
Rin: Okay, then let's each draw one picture! I'm gonna draw a synth♪
Rin: How about you, KAITO?
KAITO: Huh? I...
KAITO: I guess I'll draw a tennis racket and ball.
Ichika: Good idea. Saki seemed to enjoy her club activities this year too, so I'm sure that'll make her happy!
Shiho: So, we can take turns drawing pictures on the back... And whoever isn't drawing can work on the origami stars?
Honami: Sounds good!
(Black cut)
Rin: The starry border is done☆
MEIKO: The back is looking pretty fun as well.
Luka: Oh? What's this scraggly white thing in the corner...?
Honami: Oh... That's the ghost I drew. I remembered going into the haunted house with her during our visit to PXL...
Len: That must be a pretty legit haunted house. This ghost's got blood dripping from its head.
Honami: Huh? Oh, th-that's not blood, it's, umm...
Honami: I thought a cute ghost would make Saki happier, so I tried giving it a ribbon.
KAITO: Oh... If you look close, the ghost is smiling.
Miku (Ln): Hehe, I'm kinda starting to find it cute now.
Ichika: These Phennys next to it are cute too. They're all different colors like the plushies we have, and they're all lined up next to each other.
Honami: Oh, Shiho drew those. She kept redoing them over and over while comparing them to the plushies here...
Shiho: Okay, now we just need to write our celebratory message, and it'll be finished.
Luka: Hehe. Have you already decided on the text?
Shiho: Not yet. I want us all to give our ideas and decide together...
Honami: Huh? It's a message from Saki.
Honami: Oh... She said she's working on her album right now.
Ichika: She sure is. She said “Look at these pictures I found!” and now there's a bunch of photos coming in.
MEIKO: Haha, the notifications sure aren't stopping.
Len: Guess she's having fun working on her album.
Rin: Hey, what kinds of pictures is she sending?
Shiho: Well... Oh, there are some from the time we had a flower viewing here in SEKAI. Here, there's a picture of when we were all drawing cherry blossoms on the blackboard.
Rin: You're right! I'm there too!
Len: This is when you and Saki were competing to see who could draw more.
Honami: That was so fun. After we finished drawing, we ate dango and cherry blossom rice cakes together...
Shiho: It was. These are the kinds of memories I want to keep making.
Miku (Ln): Then, why don't you write about that feeling in the certificate?
Shiho: Oh...
Shiho: That sounds good. Even when she's finished with her list, we're still going to keep doing stuff together.
Ichika: Yeah...! I agree.
Honami: Then for the certificate, let's write something like, “Congratulations on completing your list. Let's continue to make more memories together.”
Ichika: Sounds good. For the specific wording...
Shiho: (Just a little bit longer until it's finished...)
Shiho: (I'll do my best to make sure our feelings come through to Saki.)
(Black cut)
