727_Shiho Hinomori_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-B]

Shiho: Good morn...
Saki: Whaaat?! Is that true?!
Shiho: ...?!
Emu: Yup! I'm gonna do my best to make each day wonderhoy for everyone!
Saki: Wow, that's so great! Good luck! I'll be rooting for you!
Emu: Hehe. Thanks, Saki!
Shiho: It's still morning. What are you two shouting about...?
Emu: Oh, Shiho! Good wonderhoy!!!
Saki: Shiho, guess what?! You gotta, gotta, gotta hear this!
Saki: Emu said she's gonna try to become the class rep!
Shiho: The class representative?
Shiho: Now I see... That explains why you were being so loud just now.
Saki: Wait, Shiho, aren't you surprised?! I never would've saw this coming!
Shiho: No, I am surprised. But...
Shiho: I think you'd do a good job, Otori.
Emu: You do?!
Shiho: Yeah. I mean, you're always willing to help out others and know when to act.
Shiho: On the other hand, our class may be in for a bit of a wild ride.
Saki: Hehe♪ That means our class is gonna be super duper fun!
Emu: Yippee! Woohoo! Compliments from Shiho and Saki!
Emu: I promise to do my very best! So, feel free to ask me about anything when it comes to our school!
Shiho: Slow down. You still haven't officially been chosen to become our class representative...
Saki: Haha. Yeah, you might have some competition.
Saki: But I promise to campaign for you if that happens! So, good luck!
Emu: *Nod* Thanks, Saki!
Saki: While we're on the subject, Shiho, do you know what committee you're gonna be on?
Shiho: I hadn't given it much thought since we don't necessarily have to join one...
Shiho: (Come to think of it, Kohane, Minori and I...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: Isn't this...?
Kohane: Yeah, it's the rabbit cage. Minori and I are supposed to clean it today...
Minori: But you said the other day that you like bunnies, so we wanted you to see!
Kohane: We need to move them out of their cage and into the next room before we can get started...
Kohane: So, Shiho, would you like to help us carry them?
Shiho: But I... I'm not a member of the animal caretaker committee.
Shiho: Still, if you need help cleaning...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (I actually kinda enjoyed that...)
Saki: What's this? The look on your face says you're interested in joining one.
Shiho: ... I dunno what you're talking about.
Emu: Wait, there is?! Tell us! Tell us! Which committee do you wanna be on, Shiho☆
Shiho: No, I...
Shiho: So, the thing is, I had a few chances to help the animal caretaker committee last year...
Shiho: And... Well, it's not like I'm completely uninterested in joining...
Saki: The animal caretake committee!!! That makes sense since you love animals so much, Shiho!
Shiho: N-No, you're getting the wrong idea.
Shiho: Also... I probably wouldn't be able to contribute much because of work and band practice.
Saki: Hey, I'm in the same situation as you, but I still plan on joining a committee!
Saki: And I bet you'd love being on the animal caretaker committee! You should totally join if you're that interested!
Shiho: But...
Emu: She's right! I say go for it if you wanna join!
Emu: I know you're busy, and life happens... But I'm sure everyone else on the committee will lend you a hand if you ask for help.
Emu: I've even participated in tournaments for a lot of different clubs after they asked for my help.
Saki: Oh, that's right! A lot of the clubs ask for your help because you're so athletic!
Shiho: (It's true that I could ask the other committee members for help if I ever think I need it...)
Shiho: (Still, if I'm going to join, I want to fully commit to it and contribute however I can.)
Shiho: (Plus, these two are saying that I should...)
Shiho: Alright, I'll give it a try...
Emu: *Gasp*
Emu: That's great! I'm sure the bunnies are gonna love having you take care of them☆
Saki: Yeah, and I'm sure you'll give them all the love they'll ever need!
Shiho: Okay, I get it.
Shiho: (But...)
Shiho: (I am looking forward to taking care of them...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-B]

Shiho: (Oh, I forgot to put away the results of my checkup. I should do that before I head off for lunch...)
Shiho: (159 cm tall...)
Shiho: (I don't care that much about my height, but...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: Heehee! This means I'm officially more of a lady than you, Shiho!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: ...
Shiho: (I really didn't grow at all this past year...?)
Shiho: (I mean, Shizuku's pretty tall... So what's her secret?)
Shiho: (Is stretching important? She usually does after taking baths and stuff.)
Shiho: (I might try asking her about that later. And...)
Shiho: (What if I did a search for...? “How to grow taller”...)
Shiho: (Huh? “Hang from the monkey bars”? Does that actually work...?)
Shiho: (“Getting enough calcium and sleep is key”... Okay, this makes a lot more sense.)
Saki: Shiiiho!
Shiho: Huh? Saki?!
Saki: Oh, sorry! I didn't mean to scare you.
Shiho: You're fine. I was just thinking about something...
Shiho: Anyway, what's up?
Saki: Lunch! That's what's up! Remember how we talked about us eating with Emu today?
Shiho: Right...
Shiho: Sorry, gimme one sec. I need to go grab something at the school store.
Saki: Oh, you're buying lunch today? Then, Emu and I will be waiting at our seats.
(Black cut)

[Several minutes later]

Saki: Wow, Emu, your lunch box is as big as always!
Shiho: Yeah... I'm still amazed by how you can eat all this food.
Emu: Hehe. I need to eat a lot to do my best during afternoon classes☆
Emu: Oh, Saki, your Salisbury steaks look like stars! And it's so cute how the sauce sparkles!
Saki: Hehe. My mom made these for me! The ones she makes are really juicy and delicious!
Emu: Yeah! They look really yummy!
Saki: Then, I'll share some with you. I really want you to taste them for yourself!
Emu: Really?! Then, Saki, you can have anything you want from my lunch!
Saki: Cool! Let's trade!
Saki: Shiho, how about...? Huh?
Shiho: What is it...?
Saki: You're drinking milk...? But you always get tea.
Shiho: ...
Shiho: Yeah, um... I felt like having milk today.
Saki: Oh, okay. You felt like... Wait, milk...
Saki: Is your height bothering you?
Shiho: ...!
Saki: Lemme guess. You were thinking about your measurement results just now!
Shiho: No, you're wrong.
Emu: Oh, does that mean...? Shiho, you wanna grow taller?!
Emu: If so, we should ask Rui! He's so tall that I have to go on my very tippy toes every time I talk to him!
Shiho: (Yeah, Kamishiro is pretty tall even for a boy his age.)
Shiho: (Girls don't grow the same way as boys, but it might be worth asking what he eats on a regular basis...)
Shiho: No, what are you talking about? I'm having milk today because I felt like it.
Saki: Oh? Fine, be that way.
Saki: But I'll still let you have some of my Salisbury steaks. So that you grow big and strong♪
Shiho: Saki...
Shiho: (Seriously, I'm not that bothered by my height or anything...)
Shiho: (But I might buy some milk on my way home and try to go to bed early tonight.)
(Black cut)
