829_Shiho Hinomori_R4 Concealed Joy (event_115)

Gacha phrase: Why are they so cute...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato)

[Odaiba Animal Land]

[Chipmunk Habitat]

Nakazawa: Now that we've finished feeding our shoebill, we'll feed the chipmunks next.
Shiho: Okay.
Minori: Okay...
Nakazawa: That being said, there isn't much to it. All you really have to do is fill up the feeders that are set up around their habitat.
Shiho: And that will provide enough food for all the chipmunks?
Nakazawa: Excellent question! If a chipmunk isn't feeling well, or the other chipmunks are pushing them off a feeder, then they may not be able to eat.
Nakazawa: Which is why you'll need to scan the area to see if any haven't had any food.
Shiho: Look for the hungry ones. Got it.
Nakazawa: Exactly. You should feed the ones who have been pushed off by hand.
Shiho: Understood.
Minori: Um, what if we find any that don't seem to be feeling well, Mr. Nakazawa? Should we report them to you?
Nakazawa: Yes, please do. You're both really starting to get the hang of things.
Nakazawa: Anyway, let's go give our little chipmunks a delicious meal.
Shiho & Minori: Okay!
Minori: But I'm really worried. What if the same that happened with Schubert happens with the chipmunks...?
Shiho: You're taking it way too hard.
Nakazawa: Don't worry. The chipmunks are very used to being around people.
Nakazawa: So, let's begin. They should gather once you start refilling the feeders.
Shiho: Okay. Then, Minori, can you take that end?
Shiho: Let's see... We have to take out the leftovers before refilling it...
Nakazawa: Once you've refilled the larger feeders, please move on to the smaller ones.
Minori: Whoa, the chipmunks are all gathering around the big feeders...
Minori: Wait, some are coming towards me...! They're climbing up my arms!
Shiho: They must be really hungry.
Nakazawa: Now, start looking for any that are having trouble getting food.
Shiho: Okay.
Shiho: No, wait. Don't eat those. There's plenty of food over here.
Shiho: Oh... I don't think this one's had anything yet. Hey, here you are.
Shiho: Hehe. Do you like it?
Minori: Oh, Shiho, look! They're literally eating out of my hands!
Shiho: Wow, they are...!
Shiho: H-How did you get them to do that?
Minori: All I did was stretch out my hands to offer them some food!
Shiho: Oh... That one's climbing up your arm...
Minori: This is amazing, Shiho! I wish you could feel this...!
Shiho: F-Feel what?
Minori: I can feel the ones on my hands vibrating while they nibble on the food...!
Shiho: ...!
Shiho: I'm gonna look for one too...
Shiho: Are there any that still haven't eaten...?
Nakazawa: Ah, I think that one there was late to come out of the nesting box.
Shiho: Oh, you're right...!
Shiho: Okay, I'll do what Minori did. Just offer it some food by stretching my hands out...
Shiho: *Gasp*
Minori: Oh, it hopped onto your hands!
Shiho: It's really...eating from my hands...
Minori: Hehe. That's so cute!
Shiho: ...
Shiho: *Quiver*
Shiho: *Sigh* I wish I could stay here forever...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Odaiba Animal Land]

Minori: Haruka, Ichika, thanks for waiting!
Shiho: Sorry about making you two wait until our shadowing was finished.
Haruka: That's okay. We haven't been waiting long.
Ichika: We got to see some cool things while we did, too.
Minori: Thank goodness! Then, what should we do now? Anywhere you guys wanna go?
Haruka: Not in particular... Actually, do you have any recommendations as zookeepers for the day?
Minori: Hmm... I'd recommend...
Minori: No, I can't choose! Any ideas, Shiho?!
Shiho: I think we should go to the petting zoo.
Haruka: The petting zoo?
Ichika: Oh, that did sound like fun. It looked like you could meet a lot of different animals.
Minori: Yeah, Shiho, that sounds like a place you'd really love.
Shiho: Not that much...
Haruka: Then, let's check it out. I'm looking forward to seeing what animals they have there.
Minori: Alright, let's go! Uhh... I think it was...
Shiho: This way. Follow me.
Ichika: Oh, you already know the way...?
(Black cut)

[Petting Zoo]

Minori: Whoa, they have capibaras and guinea pigs here!
Ichika: And they're in the same pen. It's interesting how that doesn't really bother them.
Haruka: They seem really relaxed.
Minori: They kinda look like a big family since they have similar appearances!
Haruka: We're really allowed to pet these guinea pigs?
Minori: It is a petting zoo, so it should be fine, right?
Shiho: Then... I'll try petting this one. Come here.
Ichika: Wow, they aren't resisting at all...
Haruka: They must be used to being around people.
Ichika: They're so cute... I might try holding one too. But what other animals do they have here?
Minori: Let's see. Besides guinea pigs and capibaras...
Shiho: They have rabbits, alpacas and goats.
Ichika: Alpacas?
Haruka: At a petting zoo? Aren't they pretty big?
Shiho: Yeah, I think they're over there.
Minori: We have to pay to get in, but we'd get to feed them!
Haruka: Really? Then, it might be worth a visit.
Shiho: I really wanna go...but I think I'll stay here a little longer.
Minori: Wait, why?
Shiho: Because this one just fell asleep.
Ichika: Oh, wow... It's sleeping like a baby.
Shiho: Go on ahead. I'll stay right here.
Haruka: Are you sure? You might not be able to move for a while if you're going to wait for it to wake up.
Shiho: Then... I'll wait.
Ichika: Hehe. Alright, we'll head on over.
Shiho: Okay. I'll catch up once it wakes back up.
Haruka: Sounds good. Then, where should we start?
Minori: So, based on this pamphlet, they have lop-eared rabbits here!
Shiho: What?
Haruka: Lop-eared? As in the ones with ears that hang down? They're probably really cute.
Shiho: Lop-eared rabbits...
Haruka: Are you interested, Hinomori? Would you like to come with us after all?
Shiho: No, I don't want to betray my little friend's trust by waking it up.
Ichika: I'm not sure “betray” is the right word...
(Black cut)
