843_Shiho Hinomori_R4 With Some Embarrassment (event_117)

Gacha phrase: Yeah, yeah... I said I'm coming.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Shrine Hall]

Shiho: I figured that there'd be a lot of people here for New Year's...
Ichika: But this crowd's huge. Even if we line up now, it might be a long time before we get to make our wishes at the shrine.
Honami: However, the lines for charms and fortunes don't seem very long. Why don't we make a quick stop there first?
Shiho: Yeah, that might be a good idea.
Saki: Uh oh! Wait a second! What if the deities get overloaded with wishes?! Are they still gonna have enough power left for us...?!
Shiho: I doubt that's gonna happen.
Honami: I'm sure they'll be fine since they're probably used to hearing everyone's wishes each year.
Saki: Hmm... Yeah, I guess so.
Shiho: (Still, what should I wish for...?)
???: Huh? Shiho?
Shiho: Minori? Kiritani...?
Saki: Wait, I didn't know you two would be here! Happy New Year!
Minori: Happy New Year!
Shiho: The clothes you're wearing... Did you both run here?
Minori: Yup! Haruka said she wanted to get in some exercise by jogging to the shrine, so I decided to join her!
Haruka: But we saw more people than we expected when we went to make our wishes... Which is why we decided to line up for fortunes instead.
Saki: Oh, then, wanna join us? We were just thinking the same thing!
Minori: Really?! Then, let's go together!
Saki: Yay! Alright everyone, let's go♪
(Black cut)
Honami: Okay, I'm opening it...
Haruka: You look determined, Mochizuki.
Shiho: Oh, so... There's a reason for that...
Honami: ...!
Honami: I-It's...
Honami: A great blessing!!! I got a great blessing, everyone!
Minori: Whoa, you're right! Congratulations, Honami, that's amazing!!!
Minori: You tried really hard that time when we worked as shrine maidens. The deities probably noticed and decided to reward you!
Honami: *Sob* Thank you so much, Hanasato...!
(Black cut)
Minori: Mmm! This red bean dango soup's so good!
Ichika: They usually serve amazake. I've never seen them serve anything like this...
Honami: Me neither. And this sign says, “Happy Birdie Red Bean Soup”... What do you think that means?
Shiho: ...! This...
Shiho: This dango's shaped like a bird's face...!
Haruka: Oh, look at that... I have one shaped like a bird's face too...!
Saki: There's an explanation written over there! Let's see... “If you find a birdie dango in your soup, then it's your lucky day! Eat it and your luck for the year is guaranteed to be great!”
Minori: Wow! That explains why it's called “Happy Birdie Red Bean Soup”!
Saki: Oh, Shiho, Haruka, that means your luck for this year's gonna be amazing if you eat it.
Shiho: It...
Shiho & Haruka: It's too cute to eat...!
(Black cut)
Minori: Alright, let's go make our wishes! We shouldn't have to wait as long now since the line seems to have thinned out!
Saki: Hehe. I'm ready to make lots and lots of wishes♪
Shiho: ...
Haruka: Do you already know what you're going to wish for, Hinomori?
Shiho: Oh...
Shiho: Actually, no...
Minori: Really? Are you having trouble choosing just one?
Shiho: No, it's not that...
Shiho: I just feel that I should be trying to make my own wishes come true instead of asking any deities for their help.
Shiho: So, I'm not really sure what to say...
Minori: I see...
Haruka: Then, why don't you make a declaration instead?
Shiho: Huh?
Haruka: Apparently, you don't necessarily have to make a wish. You can also tell the deities that you're going to try to accomplish something.
Haruka: So, I think it's a nice opportunity to tell them about your plans for the future.
Shiho: Tell them...?
Minori: I didn't know that...! I always just end up wishing for a lot of different stuff!
Haruka: Hehe. There's nothing wrong with that...
Haruka: But I have a feeling that stating your plans for the future suits you a little better, Hinomori.
Shiho: My plans for the future...
Shiho: Yeah, I might feel a little more comfortable doing that.
Shiho: Thanks, Kiritani... I think I can figure out what I wanna say now.
Haruka: You do...? Great.
(Black cut)
Minori: Okay, I'm ringing the bell!
Shiho: (My plans for the future...)
Shiho: (I'm going to make the music that I want to as a pro.)
Shiho: (Our music's gonna move people's hearts. It's gonna give people the power to keep moving forward...)
Shiho: (And we're gonna do it together.)
Shiho: (So, I hope you're all watching...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shiho's Room]

Shiho: (Okay, that should do it.)
Shiho: (I'm staying in rhythm and my fingers are moving well. We should sound just fine when the four of us play together tomorrow.)
Shiho: (It sounded like they've all been practicing over the holidays.)
Shiho: (That's all the more reason I need to stay in playing shape.)
(Black cut)
Shiho: Phew...
Shiho: (I should probably go over that part again one last time later. I kept rushing ahead during our last practices for the year, so...)
Shizuku: Shii, are you ready?
Shiho: Huh? Shizuku?
Shiho: (Oh, that's right. I promised to go out with her today...)
Shiho: Sorry, gimme one second.
Shiho: Hang on... You're early. We're not supposed to leave for another twenty minutes.
Shizuku: How can I not be early?! I'm just so excited about us going out together!
Shizuku: Also, leaving early would mean getting to spend more time with you.
Shiho: Is that your reasoning...?
Shiho: (Yeah, we're going out... But all we're doing is taking a quick walk to visit that shrine by our house...)
Shiho: (Still, if she's ready to go, I probably shouldn't keep her waiting...)
Shiho: Alright... Just give me a second to get my things.
Shizuku: Okay!
Shizuku: Oh, also, Shii...
Shiho: Hm? Yeah?
Shizuku: Hehe. Notice anything about my scarf♪
Shiho: Oh... It's the brooch I gave you. You decided to wear it already?
Shiho: It looks nice, and it goes with your scarf.
Shizuku: You think so? I'm so glad you're saying that. Then...
Shizuku: Why don't you put yours on as well?
Shiho: What...?
Shizuku: Remember what you said, Shii? You promised that we'd go out with our brooches on.
Shiho: Yeah, I remember, but...
Shiho: (Walking around like that is gonna feel...)
Shiho: (Still...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: Please, Shii! We're going to have an absolutely wonderful time if we go out together with our brooches! I'm sure of it!
(White cut)
Shizuku: Yes! That's a promise, Shii♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (I can't break my promise...)
Shiho: Okay, just today...
Shizuku: *Gasp* Shii...!
Shizuku: Thank you...! I'm so happy!
Shizuku: Hehe. I couldn't ask for a better way to begin the new year...
Shizuku: I don't even have to draw a fortune... There's no way my luck isn't beyond wonderful!
Shiho: No, you don't really know until you draw one...
Shiho: Anyway, you wait outside for me while I get ready.
Shizuku: Okay♪
Shizuku: Oh, but... If I were to help you, we might be able to leave even sooner, no?
Shiho: Huh?
Shizuku: Hehe. It's very chilly out, so you'll need to put on a scarf, a pair of gloves and...
Shizuku: Oh, a warm hat. We wouldn't want you to catch a cold!
Shiho: No, I don't need any help getting dressed...!
Shiho: I'm gonna get changed, so please get out. If you don't, I'm leaving my brooch behind.
Shizuku: What?! N-No, I wouldn't want you to do that...
Shizuku: Okay, I'll be waiting outside...
Shiho: *Sigh*
Shiho: (It's the start of a new year, but Shizuku's still just herself.)
Shiho: Anyway, what else do I need? My brooch. I'll put it...
(Black cut)
