847_Shiho Hinomori_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: I really need to thank them.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

[Class 2-B]

Shiho: (I've gotta start getting ready for first period... Hm?)
Shiho: (What's gotten into Saki and Otori? They look excited about something...)
Emu: Oh, really? Maybe I can help out too!
Saki: Wait, for real?! With you helping out, I'd feel sooo confident about this!
Saki: Let's give Shiho the best birthday ever next week!
Shiho: (My birthday...?)
Shiho: (They must be planning a surprise...or trying to. Do they realize I can hear everything...?)
Emu: Oh, I know! We can do a BIIIG celebration with everyone in class and—
Shiho: Don't even think about it.
Emu: Wah! It's Shiho!
Saki: You... You overheard all of that?
Shiho: When you're being that loud, how could I not? But more importantly...
Shiho: I'm happy you two want to celebrate my birthday, but I'm not sure about the whole class—
Classmates: Wait! Hinomori, is it your birthday?
Shiho: Uh... No, it's actually next week...
Classmates: So soon! Happy early birthday!
Classmates: Happy birthday, Hinomori!
Shiho: Um... Thank you.
Emu: S-Sorry Saki. Everyone noticed because of me...
Saki: N-No, it's my fault too! I was also being loud. But...
Saki: Now that the cat's out of the bag, we should lean in and make the most of it!
Emu: Yeah!
Saki: Alright! Then it's time to call a strategy meeting!
Shiho: Strategy meeting...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: ...and so now, the two of them are going all out.
Honami: I see. So Saki and Emu are planning something?
Shiho: And Saki made this whole speech, like, “On our honor as your self-appointed birthday party planner and the class representative, we pledge to give you the best birthday ever!”
Ichika: Hahaha... Come to think of it, Saki was particularly energetic at lunch today.
Honami: Hehe, I think you're right.
Honami: But I don't think you have any reason to worry. With those two working together, I'm sure it will be a very fun day.
Shiho: Well, sure... I just hope they don't overdo it...
Saki: Hey guys! Thanks for waiting!
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, speak of the devil!
Saki: Hm? You were talking about me?
Miku (Ln): Yeah. We were wondering how you're going to celebrate Shiho's birthday.
Saki: Oh! As it happens, I was discussing that with Emu just earlier!
Saki: We decided we're gonna get advice from Tsukasa on our next day off!
Shiho: Fr-From Tsukasa...? Are you sure about that?
Saki: I'm surely sure!
Saki: We made a pledge to make your birthday fun, and we're gonna keep it! Just you wait, Shiho♪
Shiho: *Sigh* Okay...
Luka (Ln): Seeing Saki this fired up sort of makes me want all of us to do something special for Shiho too.
Rin (Ln): Me too! We should come up with some amazing way to celebrate!
Len (Ln): I agree, but you do realize Shiho is standing right here?
Shiho: (Everyone's getting so excited.)
Shiho: (I appreciate them going out of their way for me, but...)
Shiho: (What is this birthday even going to be like...?)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

[Shiho's birthday]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Shiho: Um... This is where I should be, right?
Shiho: (It was pretty surprising getting this letter in my shoe locker this morning. All it says is, “Come to the courtyard after school.”)
Shiho: (It has to be from Saki and Otori. They said they didn't know anything about it, but...)
Shiho: Oh...
Saki: Oh, there she is! Shiho, come over here!
Shiho: *Sigh* So it was you guys all along.
Emu: Hehehe☆ Sorry for lying at lunch!
Shiho: That's fine... More importantly, what did you bring me here for?
Saki: Heh heh heh. As our way of wishing you a whimsical birthday... We're putting on a magic show for you!
Shiho: A magic show?
Saki: Yeah! Now Emu, it's time to bedazzle our friend!
Emu: Okaaay!
Emu: You, the birthday girl, are cordially invited to a mysterious, mystical magic show☆
Shiho: Wait, now? Like...right here?
Saki: Shiho, please clap!
Emu: Now, behold this strange hat! Though it may appear to be mundane at first, watch as all manner of items appear from inside!
Emu: Like... Like...a penguin!
Shiho: Oh, a plushie came out of the hat. That's pretty impressive...
Shiho: Come to think of it, how did you even get such a big plushie in there?
Saki: Magic! This is the work of mystical forces, Shiho!
Shiho: Mystical forces, sure.
Saki: But you don't need to think about all that... Look, isn't this penguin so cute?
Shiho: Um, I guess...
Saki: Riiight? In fact, I just had a great idea!
Saki: Let's have our penguin friend help us in the show!
Emu: Nice idea, Saki!
Emu: She can be our assistant!
Shiho: I'm guessing this is scripted.
Emu: Ms. Penguin, take a seat here on the desk♪ Now watch as I conceal her with my cloak...
Emu: Three, two... One-derhoy!
Shizuku: Wonderhoy♪
Shiho: What the...?!
Shizuku: Hehe. Hey presto! Ms. Penguin turned into an assistant♪
Shiho: Sh-Shizuku?! But wait, how did you swap her in?
Shizuku: Mystical forces, Shii♪
Saki: We'll now be joined by this glamorous assistant! For our next trick—
Shizuku: Oh, wait a moment, you two. The thing is, Ms. Penguin asked me to look after this for her...
Shiho: Huh? A bunny plushie this time?
Emu: Oooh, an adorable white rabbit! We can have this little guy join the show too!
Emu: When Saki claps her hands, Mr. Rabbit's gonna jump way up high♪
Shizuku: Oh my, she can make that happen?
Saki: Correct! I've practiced this spell many times, so leave it to me. Shaaa... Shazam!
Bunny Plushie: ...
Shiho: Hm?
Saki: Uh... One more time! Shazam!
Saki: Wh-Whaaat? Whyyy?!
Shiho: It didn't jump, but it did make a run for it.
Emu: Everyone, follow that white rabbit! Wait up, Mr. Rabbit!
Saki: Wait for me, Emuuu!
Shiho: Huh? They're gonna chase after it?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: Huff... Huff...
Shiho: (Wait, why am I running too? Some magic show this turned out to be...)
Shiho: Oh! I think it just went into our classroom!
Emu: Yup! We've got him cornered☆ He can't escape now!
Saki & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Background change)
Shiho: *Gasp*
Emu: Happy birthday, Shiho!
Shiho: Huh? Wait... Everyone...?
Saki: Heh heh heh, a successful surprise♪
Shiho: Surprise...?
Saki: The truth is, the whole time you were watching the magic show, everyone was decorating the classroom!
Saki: And the plan was to lead you here once they finished!
Shiho: Oh... I see...
Shiho: Hang on, you guys really went all out with the decorations. Balloons... Felt rabbits...
Minori: We all pitched in in different ways! Thank you for stalling her, Team Magic!
Airi: The four of you must be tired from all that running. We have juice and sports drinks, so get hydrated!
Emu: Whoa! You always think of stuff like that, Airi!
Shiho: Thank you, I appreciate it.
Honami: We also have plenty of snacks, so help yourself.
Saki: Thanks Hona!
Saki: Well now, allow me to make a toast... Here's to Shiho, the birthday girl! Cheers♪
Shiho: (I was kinda worried what this birthday would be like...)
Shiho: (I saw magic tricks, I chased a plushie... It was definitely full of surprises.)
Shiho: (Still...)
Shiho: (I really need to thank Saki and Otori later...and tell them how fun this has been.)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000269/bg_s000269.png)
Kohane: Happy birthday! Even though we aren't classmates anymore, I'm really glad I got to celebrate with you, Shiho.
Minori: Oh, me too! We'll always be the Class 1-A girls!
Minori: At any rate, it was so, so much fun chatting and enjoying the snacks with everyone!
Haruka: Hehe, it was. We even ended up staying at school right until they locked up for the night... Hinomori, let's hang out again sometime.
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Shii! Seeing you surrounded by so many people celebrating your birthday, I was just...so happy!
Airi: Shizuku, why are you welling up like that...? Well, anyway, happy birthday Shiho! It seems you enjoyed the party, so I'm glad!
Ena: Happy birthday, Shiho. Since you're just starting out as pros, I bet this is an important time for your band. Keep up the good work.
An: Happy birthday, Hinomori! Your awesome bass playing has stuck with me this whole time. We gotta have another session sometime!
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Shiho♪ Invite me along if you're gonna do another session with An! I really wanna hear your bass combined with her singing!
Emu: Shiho! The magic show was super fun☆ It's a good thing me and Saki practiced so much.
Tsukasa: I heard that people turned out in force to your party and gave you a grand celebration. That goes to show how well-liked you are, Shiho!
Nene: He's right. I said it already, but happy birthday, Hinomori. Emu was working really hard to make it fun for you, so... I'm glad you had a good time.
Emu: Hehehe♪ I can't wait for more fun things we can do as classmates!
Ichika: Happy birthday, Shiho. We thought you'd appreciate something you can use when we practice or perform, so we got you a guitar cloth... Do you like it?
Honami: We actually asked Mr. Shindo for his recommendation. He said that cloth would have your bass looking good as new.
Honami: We thought it would be the perfect gift since you always take good care of instruments.
Saki: So, Shiho! Keep sharing your polished sound with the world♪ And let's keep taking Leo/need further and further!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: Um... Thank you for today.
Shiho: I know I'm not the best speaker, and I can come across as cold sometimes...
Shiho: So I'm grateful to everyone who's my friend or looks out for me all the same.
Shiho: I'm so lucky to have met you all.
Shiho: Genuinely, thank you for everything. I'm looking forward to another year with you.
(White cut)
