870_Shiho Hinomori_R3 Imagining That Smile (event_121)

Gacha phrase: Oh, this looks good. Honami's going to be happy.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

(Black cut)
Shiho: Phew... We're coming along pretty nicely.
Saki: Yeah! I mean, it was so easy to play just now!
Ichika: Because Honami's doing such a great job of leading us. I didn't have to adjust on the fly. It was like I could just play because I could hear everything so clearly.
Honami: Thank goodness...
Honami: But I still think I can do better if I work on the little things a bit more on my own.
Shiho: Thanks, that'd be great.
Shiho: (That being said...)
Shiho: (Honami did say she has a blister. I think she's been trying to go easy a bit...)
Ichika: Oh, one of the staff is here.
Saki: What?! Do they need something? We should still have plenty of time.
Staff Member: I apologize for interrupting your practice. But the person who booked the studio after you just called in to cancel...
Staff Member: So, would you like to extend your time?
Honami: In that case, if we could...
Shiho: Honami, wait. You just said that you'd work on all the little stuff on your own.
Honami: Uh, yes. I did say that...
Shiho: Then, let's stick to the amount of time we had planned here.
Saki: She's right, Hona! What do we do if your blister pops?!
Ichika: I agree with Shiho, especially since we have this place booked tomorrow anyway.
Honami: Yes, alright... Thank you all for your concern.
Shiho: I'm sorry. We'll be leaving once our time is up.
Staff Member: Understood. Thank you.
Shiho: Now, let's pick up where we left off.
Saki, Ichika & Honami: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama Street]

Saki: *Stretch* We really practiced a lot again today!
Ichika: I'm getting a bit hungry...
Shiho: That reminds me... Shizuku said that a new bakery opened up near Nonogi Park.
Shiho: It's nice out, so wanna go check it out and eat in the park?
Honami: Yeah, we can sort of have a picnic!
Honami: Oh, but can I stop by the pharmacy first? I'd like to buy some gauze and such for my hand.
Ichika: Then, I'll go with you. I can see what kinds of drinks they have for us to buy.
Shiho: In that case, let's split up. Honami, Ichika, you two go to the pharmacy. Saki and I will go buy us some bread.
Saki: Anything either of you want?
Shiho: Do you really have to ask...? A yakisoba bun and an apple pie, right?
Saki: I was asking just in case. What if they were feeling something different?
Ichika: Uhh... A yakisoba bun would be nice if they have any...
Honami: An apple pie for me...
Saki: Alright, the usual it is!
Shiho: Then, let's meet back up in the park once we have our things.
Honami: Okay, we'll let you know if anything happens.
Shiho: Alright, we should...
Saki: Bakery♪ Bakery♪ We want some yummy bread♪
Shiho: Saki, wait! I haven't actually told you where it is yet...
Saki: It's by the park, right? Hehe. Delicious bread awaits us!
Shiho: Honestly, you...
Shiho: Wait, Saki, stop! Going this way is faster!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Nonogi Park]

Saki: Where could Hona and Ichi be?
Shiho: They said they're sitting on a bench in the park... Oh, there they are.
Shiho: Sorry about the wait.
Honami: No, that's okay since it gave me a chance to bandage up my hand.
Ichika: Oh yeah, we got plenty of drinks. Coffee, orange juice and...
Saki: Thanks♪ Then, let's show them what we got!
Shiho: Right. Starting with... Your apple pie, Honami.
Honami: Thank you so much! Oh, that's really cute! It's in the shape of an apple!
Shiho: Next...
Shiho: Here you are, Ichika... Your yakisoba bun...
Ichika: Thanks... Wait, huh? Is this from a convenience store...?
Shiho: Sorry, we asked the bakery if they had any, but they said they didn't...
Saki: But you really seemed to be craving one, so we quickly looked for a convenience store that carried them.
Ichika: I see...
Ichika: Wait, is that why you two took a while...?
Shiho: Yeah, that's one reason... The first store we found was all sold out, which didn't help.
Ichika: Thanks for going through the trouble of finding this for me. I really appreciate it, you two.
Saki: Hehe. You're very welcome♪
Saki: Oh, also! That bakery let us try a bunch of different samples♪
Shiho: You basically made a whole meal out of them, Saki.
Saki: I didn't have that many! I wanted to try them all, but I made sure to stop myself.
Shiho: Which was the right thing to do. That clerk had their eye on you the whole time.
Saki: You're kidding, right?!
Shiho: Yeah.
Saki: What...?! Shiho, you meanie!
Honami & Ichika: Hehe.
Honami: So, did they have any you liked?
Saki: Yup♪ I actually picked out my top three and decided to get them all!
Saki: In third place! These Florentine biscuits.
Ichika: Wait, that's not bread...
Shiho: Thank you. I knew one of you would say that.
Saki: B-But they're so yummy! And they make for such a great dessert!
Saki: Anyway, in second place! This Danish cinnamon roll!
Saki: Shiho also tried the sample for this one!
Shiho: Yeah, it was really good. On top of the cinnamon smelling nice, the dough was really fluffy.
Shiho: Let's split this one between the four of us later.
Honami: Okay. Hehe. I can't wait to try it.
Ichika: Anyway, Saki, you still have one left to present. What came in first place?
Saki: Heh heh heh. Alright, get ready! My number one favorite is...!
Saki: Drum roooll...
Saki: Ta-daa! This Kouign... Uhh...
Saki: Ko-Koui... No, Kouign... Kouign-gamann!
Honami: Did you mean Kouign-amann?
Shiho: Yeah, that.
Ichika: Oh, those are really good. I like how they're crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.
Saki: Exactly, Ichi! Let's split this one too♪
Honami: We'll be sharing quite a lot. Will you two have enough for yourselves?
Shiho: We should. I got myself a panini, and Saki bought a melon bun.
Shiho: Anyway, let's start. I'm actually pretty hungry.
Saki: Haha. We did do some shop hopping♪
Shiho: Now then...
Saki, Ichika, Shiho & Honami: Let's eat! Let's eat.
(Black cut)
