910_Shiho Hinomori_R4 Snacks In Hand (event_128)

Gacha phrase: I knew it had to be these.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Neighborhood]

Shiho: (Looks like Honami isn't here yet...)
Shiho: (I guess I should send a message saying that I already am.)
Shiho: (I wonder how Ichika and Saki are doing. I hope their songwriting is coming along okay...)
Shiho: At the same time, there's sort of no point in worrying...
Shiho: But I'm glad I was able to find some good snacks. I'm sure they're going to enjoy these.
???: Shiho!
Shiho: Oh...
Honami: Sorry to keep you waiting.
Shiho: That's okay. I also just got here.
Shiho: Also, you said you were going to make dinner for them. What did you bring?
Honami: Curry. My hope was that something spicy would give them a nice boost of energy.
Honami: Also, the store just happened to be having a sale on seafood, so I decided to throw in some squid and shrimp to make it extra filling...
Shiho: Oh, that sounds really good...
Honami: Hehe. Thank you. What snacks did you bring, Shiho?
Shiho: I just stopped by that convenience store over there...
Shiho: I bought chocolate cookies, biscuits, those chips Saki really likes, all kinds of stuff.
Honami: Oh, look at that. You got quite a lot.
Honami: Huh? Are these yakisoba bun flavored...?
Shiho: Yeah, I knew it had to be these the moment I saw them.
Honami: Of course! Ichika's going to be so surprised.
Shiho: But how do you think they taste? I might try some if she says they're okay.
Honami: Me too. I'm also a little curious.
Honami: I get how you make something yakisoba flavored, but I have no idea how you deal with the bun...
Shiho: I don't know either.
Shiho: Anyway, don't you wanna see Ichika's reaction?
Honami: Hehehe... Do you think she'll actually say, “This tastes just like a yakisoba bun”...?
Shiho: I'd probably start cracking up if I saw that.
Shiho: What kind of song do you think they're going to write...?
Honami: I don't know. I mean, it is their first time writing one together...
Honami: I can't say what kind of song they're going to produce... But I'm really looking forward to hearing it.
Shiho: Me too...
Honami: What kind of song are you hoping for, Shiho?
Shiho: Me? Hmm...
Shiho: A song with a cool bassline...?
Honami: Huh?
Shiho: Also, my own solo. That'd be fun to play during shows and stuff.
Honami: Hehe... It's so like you to say that, Shiho.
Honami: But I'd also like it if it included some cool drum parts. Imagine if the intro began with a drum solo.
Shiho: Actually, that's not a bad option. It'd leave a strong impression and sound really cool.
Shiho: But I'd be surprised if Saki and Ichika came up with that.
Honami: Hehehe. True...
Shiho: Anyway, jokes aside.
Shiho: I'm sure they'll come up with something really good for us.
Shiho: So, let's maintain our faith and make sure we're ready to play at a moment's notice.
Honami: Right. I agree.
Shiho: Then, to make sure their song does turn out well, we should get our gifts to them as soon as we can.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-B]

Saki: *Sigh* I'm starving! Let's eat!
Shiho: Let's eat.
Saki: Mmm! These little omelets are so good! And really fluffy♪
Saki: Also, Shiho, it feels like it's been forever since the last time the two of us had lunch together like this...!
Shiho: Yeah, you're right. You've been busy during lunch lately working on that song.
Shiho: I figured you and Ichika would eat together, but I guess you guys missed lunch a couple times.
Saki: Yeah, we did! It was so hard to stay focused during afternoon classes when that happened.
Shiho: Oh, Saki, while we're on the subject.
Shiho: Thank you for writing that song.
Saki: Huh? Why are you thanking me?
Shiho: I felt that I needed to express it properly.
Shiho: Especially after seeing you and Ichika doing your best at school and during practice.
Shiho: Again, you two came up with an amazing song.
Saki: Shiho...!
Saki: Thank you so much! Hehe. That makes me really happy!
Shiho: Plus, this song seemed to give you two some trouble. I mean, you and Ichika sorta got into a fight over it, right?
Saki: Oh, yeah...
Saki: I honestly didn't know what to do when that happened.
Saki: And what I said to her... I feel like it was really hurtful...
Shiho: Really?
Saki: Yeah. Ichi and I couldn't agree on what we wanted to do. I started to feel really frustrated about how she wasn't understanding how I felt.
Saki: Which put me in a sour mood...
Shiho: I see...
Shiho: But I think you two fighting isn't necessarily a bad thing...
Shiho: You're both serious about what you're doing, so it's only natural to bump heads sometimes.
Saki: Yeah, I get that...
Saki: But I was so sure that Ichi and I wouldn't run into any problems...
Saki: Even if we disagreed about something, I thought we'd be able to figure things out. But it just didn't go that smoothly...
Saki: I couldn't help but start wondering why she couldn't see what I was going for...
Saki: And the opposite is also true. I had trouble understanding what Ichi wanted to do.
Saki: I was so obsessed with getting her to understand what I wanted from our song.
Shiho: Saki...
Shiho: But I...
Shiho: I think what you two did is really cool.
Saki: Huh?
Shiho: I mean, you both had messages that you wanted to get across.
Shiho: Even if it meant fighting with each other, neither of you were willing to bend on that, right?
Shiho: I don't see anything wrong with being adamant about how our song should turn out.
Shiho: Also...
Shiho: I'm sure Mr. Shindo liked what he heard because you were so set on what you wanted to make.
Shiho: I mean, you really produced something amazing.
Saki: Shiho...
Shiho: Yes, what you two experienced was probably a bit painful...
Shiho: But knowing that you two put everything into that song makes me want to play it all the more.
Saki: Shiho...
Saki: Thanks...
Shiho: (They wrote the best song they possibly could.)
Shiho: (Now I need to play it in a way that does it justice...)
Shiho: (That's my job moving forward.)
Shiho: We need to practice playing our debut song like there's no tomorrow.
Saki: Yeah!
(Black cut)
