936_Shiho Hinomori_R3 Any Fun Stories? (event_132)

Gacha phrase: Hehe... I had no idea.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shiho's Room]

Shiho: A message from Saki...?
Saki: “I just got home from work and started watching 'Walking with Minori.' This is totally you and Hona talking, right?!”
Shiho: We were never on camera, but I guess it's hard not to recognize our voices...
Shiho: “We just happened to be nearby and decided to lend a hand.”
Shiho: Whoa, she replied right back...
Saki: “No fair! I totally would've gone if I wasn't scheduled to work! I could've been on her stream!”
Shiho: Oh, geez.
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): Shii, do you have a minute?
Shiho: Hm? Sure, come in.
Shiho: Welcome back. I didn't realize you were home.
Shizuku: Yes, I just got back.
Shizuku: Sorry, I know this is sudden, but I was hoping we could talk about what happened during Minori's stream today.
Shiho: Oh... Should I not have joined in?
Shizuku: No, that's not what I'm here to say.
Shizuku: I wanted to thank you for helping her, Shii.
Shiho: I mean, we are friends.
Shiho: Also, how did you know I was there? Didn't you say that you'd be working all day?
Shizuku: I was able to watch a bit of the stream, on break and in transit. I haven't seen the whole thing yet...
Shizuku: But after finishing up with work at one place, I decided to tune in, and I was so startled to hear your voice!
Shizuku: I knew that you and Honami would be going together, but I had no idea that Kusanagi and Ena would also be there.
Shiho: Yeah, we were also surprised.
Shiho: Kusanagi was there to help with the show, and Shinonome said she was working on an assignment for art class.
Shizuku: I had no idea!
Shiho: Also, Shizuku, if you saw, then does that mean Momoi and Kiritani did as well?
Shizuku: Yes, it seems that way.
Shizuku: It's important for us to communicate as a team at times like this. So, the second I realized that it was you, Shii, I sent them a message.
Shizuku: “Incredible news! Shii's joined Minori on her walk! I hope you all get a chance to watch♪”
Shiho: Communicate as a team...? Sounds more like you just wanted them to watch.
Shizuku: Hehe. That's because I did.
Shiho: Well, anyway, how did they react?
Shizuku: They were just as surprised as I was.
Shizuku: Actually, we became a little worried about people thinking it was staged since so many of her friends suddenly appeared all at once.
Shiho: Oh...
Shizuku: Fortunately, our worries were misplaced.
Shizuku: I kept a close eye on the comments, and none of the viewers made any undue accusations, at least while I was watching.
Shizuku: I'm sure everyone knows Minori would never do something like that.
Shiho: Yeah.
Shiho: (Come to think of it, they all seemed to really enjoy our conversation...)
Shiho: I have a feeling that everyone watching wants you, Minori and the others to succeed from the bottom of their hearts.
Shizuku: Yes, if that's true, then we couldn't be happier.
Shizuku: By the way, Shii...
Shiho: Hm?
Shizuku: Minori and Kusanagi both got to wear those beautiful dresses. Did you also try one on?
Shiho: Huh? I...
Shizuku: No, stop! Don't tell me yet! I need time to prepare myself mentally!
Shiho: No, I was just trying to say...
Shizuku: I know! Why don't you start by telling me what you saw!
Shiho: Wait...
Shizuku: They had quite a few different exhibits, yes? What did you see? Which did you think was the most fun? Oh, did you visit the interactive corner?
Shiho: Again, personal space!
Shizuku: Okay...
Shiho: Honestly...
Shiho: (Hang on. Is this why she came to my room? Did she just want to talk about this...?)
Shizuku: Um, Shii...? Is this enough space? Can you tell me what you saw now?
Shiho: ...
Shiho: (Well, that's my sister for you...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Shiho: Let's eat...
Honami: I like how we all brought lunches today.
Saki: Me too! Also, Ichi, the Salisbury steak in yours is huge!
Ichika: We had them for dinner last night, so this is sort of just how it turned out after my mom gathered up the rest of the meat...
Shiho: Can I have a piece? I'll give you some of my fried chicken in return.
Ichika: Okay.
Saki: Oh, you can tell us after you've finished eating that, but I wanna hear more about the Phoenix Bridal Fair!
Honami: Hehe. That is sort of why we're gathered here today.
Ichika: You went last time, right, Honami? And you said a lot had changed?
Honami: Yes. The biggest difference for me was the booth with all the designer dresses.
Honami: They apparently went with completely new designers this time.
Shiho: The staff did mention how their goal is to expose the guests to as many different designers as possible.
Saki: Oh, so that means you get to see a new lineup of dresses each time you go!
Saki: While we're on the subject, did you try any on? Minori wore one during her stream!
Honami: No, we didn't try any on.
Saki: What?! But you did last time, Hona!
Honami: That was because I wanted Ms. Yoisaki to have a good time while we were there...
Ichika: Does that mean you didn't try one on either, Shiho?
Shiho: Of course I didn't. I just decided to tag along after getting some shopping done.
Shiho: Also, the primary goal was to check out the planetarium wedding.
Saki: Oh, right! That also really caught my attention♪ How was it, Hona?
Honami: It was beautiful. And so romantic.
Shiho: Also, the planetarium was put together better than I was expecting.
Honami: Yeah, it was really pretty.
Saki: That sounds amazing. Can't we do something like that in SEKAI?
Honami: Hmm... We could, since we'd have a starry sky available to us...
Shiho: I dunno. It's not just the stars, it's about the width of the planetarium and the ceiling height and stuff. I don't think it'd be that simple.
Honami: Yeah, it'd feel too open on the roof, and the classrooms don't have very high ceilings...
Saki: Right. That's too bad...
Ichika: But I'm sure they'll be doing it again, so we should all go together the next chance we get.
Saki: Ichi...!
Shiho: Oh, I know... We could make ring bearer boxes together in SEKAI.
Ichika: Ring bearer boxes...?
Saki: Uhh... That's where the wedding rings and the little pillow go, right?
Honami: Yes. Shiho, Ena and I made some together since they can double as fancy accessory holders.
Ichika: Really?! Do you have pictures? I'd really like to see what you three made.
Honami: Okay. Mine was... Oh, here it is. I used a birdcage as the base, and made a necklace stand.
Ichika: Wow, this looks storebought...!
Honami: They had quite a few pictures of examples and a wide assortment of materials available, so the possibilities were endless.
Honami: Ena's looked like this... She used a crown as the base.
Saki: Wow, this is also really amazing! It's so cute and fashionable!
Ichika: Yeah, this design has her name written all over it.
Ichika: So, Shiho, where's yours?
Shiho: Here's mine...
Saki: Huh...?! Th-That's so cool!
Ichika: Yeah, it's nothing like the ones Honami and Ena made.
Shiho: I made a little box to display a pick.
Shiho: I did my best to keep things simple, so the pick takes center stage instead of any decorations.
Honami: Hehe. You were so silent from the moment you started until the moment you finished.
Shiho: You know I get really focused in those kinds of situations...
Ichika: Hehe. We know.
Saki: No fair. It would've been so much fun to go and make these together.
Shiho: What's done is done, so there's no point in complaining. For now, have some fried chicken.
Ichika: And a piece of my Salisbury steak.
Honami: Here, you can have some of my potato salad!
Saki: Wait, you guys are trying to buy me off with food!
Ichika: No, we aren't.
Shiho: Alright, we'll just take it all back if you don't want it.
Saki: No way! Not so fast! You guys gave it to me, so it's all mine now!!!
Shiho: Okay, they're yours. Just hurry up and eat them so you start feeling better.
(Black cut)
