964_Shiho Hinomori_R4 When To Board This Train (event_137)

Gacha phrase: I'm not getting on.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Shiho: That was good.
Ramen Shop Owner: Thanks!
Shiho: Phew...
Shiho: (I knew that place's soy sauce ramen was good, but the pork bone broth was a nice surprise.)
Shiho: (They even seem to have miso ramen on the menu, so I might try that after work next time.)
???: Bananas with chocolate again? But this crepe shop has so many other options...
???: Yeah, but this is what I like.
Shiho: Hm...?
Shiho: Those voices...
Shiho: Oh...
Iori: Also, you're always getting that cinnamon apple one.
Mio: Because that's one of the few that don't come with whipped cream.
Shiho: Iori, Mio...
Iori: Oh...
Mio: Good evening, Hinomori.
Shiho: Good evening. Talk about a coincidence. We ran into each other at the live house just the other day.
Iori: Yeah, you're right. After acting all cool and saying we'd see you during our next show too.
Iori: Are you heading back from work?
Shiho: Yes. I was just about to start heading home after stopping by that ramen shop over there for dinner.
Iori: We just wrapped up a meeting at the record company. We're aching for some sugar since we've been thinking about this and that.
Iori: How about a crepe for dessert? On me, to celebrate your big debut.
Mio: Hehe. You're starting to sound like her senior, Iori.
Iori: That's because I am. We did make our debut before them.
Shiho: True.
Shiho: Then, if you don't mind buying your junior a crepe.
(Black cut)
Shiho, Mio & Iori: Let's eat.
Shiho: This is good...
Iori: I know, right?
Iori: This chain's got stores all over, but the one in Shibuya really is the best.
Shiho: Did you go around and check?
Iori: Not exactly. But I have been able to go to a lot of them...
Mio: I remember you having them basically every day until not too long ago.
Shiho: Huh? Every day?
Iori: Hey, you're making it sound like I'm some sort of pig.
Iori: The song we were working on at the time was giving us a lot of trouble. So, I started having these to reduce my stress and get the sugar I needed...
Shiho: I didn't realize you could hit a wall like that, Iori...
Iori: It happens.
Iori: But that particular song ended up becoming a pain because of our record company's demands.
Shiho: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Iori: Until now, you've been able to pursue music the way you want, right? You've decided when to write new songs and put on shows.
Iori: But you can't do that as pros. In the eyes of record companies, we're their business partners.
Shiho: You're talking about having to work as stipulated in whatever agreements we sign?
Iori: More to the point, you have to constantly think about becoming more profitable.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (I was under the impression that STANDOUT has been doing pretty well since they debuted...)
Shiho: (But I guess a lot happens behind the music.)
Shiho: Umm... I don't know if this is okay for me to ask, but how did you go about producing this new song you just mentioned...?
Iori: Hm? Oh, that was all thanks to Mio. She got really mad at me.
Shiho: What? Her? Getting mad at you?
Iori: Yeah. She said that I shouldn't write a half-baked song while pouting about what the company told us to do. That if I had a problem, I should channel those feelings into our new song.
Mio: I-I didn't say it like that!
Iori: But that's basically what you said.
Iori: I thought I was doing what people wanted from us as pros, but the lyrics I wrote definitely told a different story.
Iori: Mio's words opened the floodgates when it came to editing it.
Iori: Honestly, she started to really irritate me, but I was also happy about her getting on my case.
Iori: Because we were both taking a hard look at our music as members of STANDOUT. As equals.
Shiho: And I wouldn't expect any less from you guys...
Iori: You jealous?
Shiho: No... I can say the same for us.
Iori: Hehe. That's what I like to hear.
(Black cut)
Shiho: Thank you for the crepe. And I really enjoyed our conversation.
Iori: You're welcome.
Iori: We're both still just getting on our feet as professional bands, but let's keep pushing each other to become better.
Iori: Through our music.
Shiho: Yes, let's. And I hope the next time we meet is on stage.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Saki: Hello!
Shiho: Geez, Saki, don't shout right next to me like that!
Saki: Aww, c'mon! I was just giving a hearty greeting!
Len (Ln): Haha. It was pretty hearty.
Shiho: Hearty doesn't mean you have to be obnoxiously loud...
Saki: Wh-What?! I was just trying to set things up so that we have a fun practice. But now... I...
Saki: I'll just have to be even louder! Wah! Wah! Wah!
Shiho: Alright, fine, I get it. I'm sorry.
Saki: Huh? What was that? I couldn't hear you!
Shiho: I'm sorry!
Ichika: Hehe. It's been so long since you last shouted like that, Shiho.
Honami: Yes, this is quite a rare sight.
Shiho: Alright, anyway... We need to start getting everything set up for practice.
Saki: Okay♪
Miku (Ln): Remind me what song you'll be practicing today.
Ichika: Our debut song. But it'd be nice to practice some of our other originals if we have time...
Len (Ln): Here's your cable, Shiho.
Shiho: Thanks, Len.
Len (Ln): Come to think of it, I saw you and KAITO having a really long practice session together a couple days back.
Shiho: A couple days back...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: We're going to get in a solid practice together today.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: Oh, that day...
Shiho: I felt like playing my bass a little, so I asked KAITO if he'd practice with me.
Shiho: But he was really into it that day for some reason.
Honami: Into it?
Miku (Ln): Oh? Can you elaborate?
Shiho: He decided to take the drums in order to make sure I was able to get in a good practice, but...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: I'm sorry. I was a fraction of a second late coming in, wasn't I?
KAITO (Ln): Yes, you're right... Just a fraction, but...
KAITO (Ln): Would you like to try that again...?
Shiho: Yes, please.
(Black cut)
KAITO (Ln): That seemed pretty good... At least, it felt that way while I was drumming.
Shiho: Thank you.
KAITO (Ln): ...
KAITO (Ln): Shiho... Can we try playing that song again?
KAITO (Ln): I'll be on the keyboard this time.
Shiho: Oh, that'd be nice.
Shiho: There's this one part where I feel that Saki and I could play much better, so I'd especially appreciate if we could practice that.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shiho: So, he ended up playing the keyboard for me during our session.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. He must've started having a lot of fun while practicing with you.
Shiho: He even played the guitar and bass for me after that.
Ichika: Wait, him going on guitar makes sense, but why two basses...?
Len (Ln): Twin basses! That sounds like fun!
Saki: Yeah, it does! I wish you'd told us about your session.
Shiho: It was pretty late.
Shiho: If you're interested, why don't you go ask KAITO? I'm sure he'll want to do a session with you.
Len (Ln): Yeah, I might go ask him after practice today.
Ichika: Me too...
Honami: In that case, me three. It'll probably be a good learning experience.
Saki: Hey, no fair! Me four! Me four!
Miku (Ln): Hehe. I can already imagine the way KAITO's going to react when he sees all of you charging towards him.
Shiho: Anyway, you guys, that's enough chatting.
Shiho: It looks like we're all set, so let's get started.
Ichika, Saki & Honami: Okay!
(Black cut)
