1002_Shiho Hinomori_R2 Unchanging Feelings (event_143)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Shiho's Room]

Shiho: Oh, it's already this late...
Shiho: I did come home later than usual today after we had that party in SEKAI.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika: A part of me doesn't want everyone to hear Miku sing songs that I don't feel are 100% the right choices.
Ichika: Because I have so many precious memories involving her...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: Ichika's probably thinking about that offer right about now...
Shiho: (I don't know what her answer is going to be, but I'll happily accept whatever she arrives upon since she's putting so much thought into it.)
Shiho: (Still...)
Shiho: A lot of what we talked about today was so nostalgic.
Shiho: Come to think of it, I spent a ton of time practicing bass in my room even back then...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Little Shiho (Shiho): Phew... I'm not getting stuck as much while playing it now.
Little Shiho (Shiho): If I'm really gonna be in a band with Ichika and the others, then that means my bass will mix with the sounds produced by a guitar, keyboard and drums.
Little Shiho (Shiho): A band, huh...?
Little Shiho (Shiho): It sounded like Ichika was pretty set on that. She even said she'd ask her dad to see if she can borrow his guitar.
Little Shiho (Shiho): Saki's learning how to play the piano from her mom, so she'll be on the keyboard...
Little Shiho (Shiho): Which just leaves Honami on the drums.
Little Shiho (Shiho): I've seen a drum kit in the prep room for the music room before, so I'm pretty sure there's one somewhere at school... But can any of the teachers play them?
Little Shiho (Shiho): What do we do if none of them can? I guess we'd have to find some instructional videos online or something...
Little Shiho (Shiho): Also, we haven't actually decided to form a band yet.
Little Shiho (Shiho): But...
Little Shiho (Shiho): But if we really are going to start one.
Little Shiho (Shiho): N-No, I shouldn't get my hopes up too much. Ichika's dad might say no, and we don't know what we're gonna do about the drums yet.
Little Shiho (Shiho): And we'll need to practice in order to actually play like a real band.
Little Shiho (Shiho): We could even be so bad that things end up not being fun...
Little Shiho (Shiho): ...
Little Shiho (Shiho): (But...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Little Shiho (Shiho): (If the four of us do form one...)
Little Shiho (Shiho): (It'll probably be... No, I know it'll be fun...!)
Little Shiho (Shiho): I hope we hear good news about that guitar tomorrow...
Little Shiho (Shiho): And we should ask about that drum kit.
Little Shiho (Shiho): ...
Little Shiho (Shiho): I can't wait for it to be tomorrow.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shiho: I really haven't changed...
Shiho: A lot of things happened, but I really wanted to be in a band with Ichika and the others.
Shiho: I don't have any homework to do today, so I think I'll take a bath and go to bed early...
Shiho: Whatever Ichika has to tell us, we still need to practice.
Shiho: So, I should rest while I can to make sure I do well tomorrow.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

[Shiho's Room]

Shiho: (Now that we've decided to accept that FizzYum Cider offer, I should take another look at their commercials.)
Shiho: Let's see... What am I gonna get if I search for “FizzYum Cider” and “commercials”...?
Shiho: Oh, here we go...
Shiho: Wait, huh? The results include commercials for other cider brands.
Shiho: Oh, this one has a lot of views. I think I'll watch it...
(Background change)
Idol: <Hey, what's up...?>
Idol: <Hehe. You can stare all you want, but I'm not about to give you a kiss. Read. My. Lips♪>
Idol: <But I'd be willing to share some of this with you. Here! Have a bottle of Pure Love Cider!>
Idol: <It's like a sweet and fizzy kiss! Enjoy the taste of Pure Love Cider♪>
(Background change)
Shiho: Now I'm really glad we were asked to do one for FizzYum Cider...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-B]

Saki: Haha! You saw the cider commercial with that idol?!
Saki: She's so good at acting that she can send a jolt through your heart just by looking at you♪
Shiho: Really? I didn't feel that jolt...
Shiho: Well, I had a feeling that Pure Love Cider would be way different from FizzYum Cider just based on its name.
Saki: Yup♪ The theme of Pure Love Cider is “My First Love”.
Shiho: But the FizzYum Cider commercial I saw after that was way too corny. It made my eyes hurt.
Saki: You mean the one that's been airing on TV? The story about the girl in the brass band and the boy on the baseball team?
Shiho: Yeah, it wasn't about love or anything. It was more about doing your best for club activities and stuff, which was fine and all...
Saki: Wasn't it amazing?! They both knew how hard they were trying and were there to cheer each other up whenever things got tough.
Saki: At the end, all their practice paid off during the game with the boy shining on the field and the girl playing her best from the stands. It was such a great expression of youth♪
Shiho: Yeah, you do really like those kinds of stories.
Shiho: But youth, huh...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shindo: The theme for their next commercial is “This Moment With You!”
Shindo: The idea is to capture the smooth and refreshing taste of their beverages via students enjoying their youth.
Shindo: And Leo/need apparently checks all the boxes in terms of who they want to appear in it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (The commercial I saw felt a little corny, but I feel more comfortable with the theme we were given.)
Classmate: H-Hi...!
Shiho: Hm? Oh, morning, Tamiya.
Tamiya: ...! *Nod* M-Morning, Hinomori!
Saki: Hehe. Morning, Tamiya! Congratulations on succeeding again today♪
Tamiya: *Nod* Morning, Tenma! I think today's going to be another fun day!
Shiho: Wait, Saki, why'd you congratulate her just now...?
Saki: Heh heh heh. Because she got you to say her name, Shiho♪
Shiho: Huh? What do you mean?
Saki: She's been a huge fan of yours ever since she saw us play during the school festival.
Saki: She's even come to see a bunch of our shows♪
Shiho: Oh... Now that you mention it, I do remember seeing her...
Shiho: If she saw us play during the school festival, then that makes her one of our oldest fans. She could've just told me.
Saki: *Sigh* Talking to your hero isn't as easy as you make it out to be.
Saki: You should've seen her initially. She basically swooned every time she walked past your desk.
Shiho: But I'm not an idol or anything like Kiritani.
Saki: You just don't get it! She's your fan, which means she sees you as an idol.
Saki: That's where I come in. She was wondering how she could get you to remember her name.
Shiho: Oh, okay. Which is why you congratulated her just now.
Saki: Yup♪ You don't go up to talk to our classmates all that much, so having her greet you seemed like the best option♪
Shiho: True...
Saki: Anyway, the goal is to have her talk to you more and more until she's ready to invite you to have lunch!
Saki: *Sigh* Don't you think it's a great expression of her youth?!
Shiho: I mean, if she invites me to have lunch with her, I'll go...
Shiho: (Honestly...)
Shiho: (All this youth talk really isn't my thing.)
(Black cut)
