1006_Shiho Hinomori_R4 Not Used To Makeup (event_144)

Gacha phrase: Getting makeup done feels pretty weird...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, Airi Momoi, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Shiho: Alright, let's get right back into it.
Shiho: That reminds me. As I mentioned last time, we'll be holding a joint practice with the cast during the second half.
Band Member: Right!
Shiho: First, let's start from the top and review everything we've done until now.
Shiho: Nakanishi, can you count us in?
Nakanishi: Okay! Ready, everyone?! One, two, three...
Shiho: (Good, we're all in sync.)
Shiho: (The people who kept falling behind because they were being overly conscious are keeping up just fine with the others now.)
Shiho: (I was a little worried that I was being too pushy or demanding again...)
Shiho: (But they've been willing to put up with me.)
Shiho: (They've put in a ton of effort, so I want them all to have as much fun as they possibly can.)
Shiho: (Which is why we need to do our best when we have our joint practice with the cast today.)
(Black cut)
Band Member: The cast should be here soon, right?
Band Member: Yeah, my friends in the cast said they're almost here.
Shiho: Oh...
Nene: Hi, thanks for waiting.
Airi, Ichika, Emu & An: Pardon us! Pardon us. Pardon us!!
Nene: Can we have a minute to warm up?
Shiho: Of course.
Shiho: Then, we'll begin our joint practice once the cast has had a chance to warm up. In the meantime, everyone in the band, let's take a break.
Band Member: Right!
Band Member: I'm starting to get nervous again. I know we're not playing in front of an audience or anything, but...
Band Member: Y-Yeah... What if I mess up and ruin it for everyone?
Shiho: Are you okay?
Band Member: Oh, Hinomori... I'm starting to feel nervous again.
Band Member: B-But it's okay for us to mess up since we're just practicing, right?
Shiho: That depends on who you ask.
Shiho: In my case, I tend to believe that you shouldn't make any mistakes in these sorts of situations.
Band Member: Huh?
Shiho: When you're up there for the main event, that's when you need to play your best and not make any mistakes.
Shiho: So, doesn't it make sense to keep that same mindset when you're practicing, and get as close to perfect as you can under conditions close to the real deal?
Band Member: Good point... Still, it's amazing how you can push yourself to the limit like that.
Band Member: *Sigh* Is that why I keep messing up during competitions and stuff? Do I need to be harder on myself?
Shiho: Dunno... Nerves just kind of happen, no matter what.
Shiho: But it might be good to try a different approach and see if that helps.
Shiho: I realize I'm contradicting myself, but remember, this is still practice.
Band Member: Oh...
???: What she said!
Band Member: Oh... M-Momoi?!
Airi: Sorry for interrupting. But I feel like I know exactly what you mean, Shiho.
Airi: Yeah, it's important to do your best during practice, but there's still time to correct any mistakes you make! If at first you don't succeed, you just gotta try, try again!
An: More to the point, you've all been practicing really hard with Hinomori, right?
An: We heard Hinomori really runs people ragged during practices, so with you all managing to keep up, you guys are sure to sound amazing!
Shiho: You heard that, huh? Who from?
Emu: Ichika☆
Shiho: Really now?
Ichika: B-But I genuinely believe that...
Ichika: Also, during our own practices, Shiho always looks so proud when she tells us how things are going here.
Ichika: She's always saying how you're going to sound amazing when you play for real, and that's why she wants to make things as much fun for you as she can.
Shiho: Hey, wait...!
Band Member: We didn't know you felt that way, Hinomori...
Band Member: Wow, I'm starting to feel a lot better now!
Nene: Umm...
Nene: We got to hear a part of your performance earlier. We knocked once you'd reached a place to stop.
Nene: I thought you all sounded amazing already the other day, but you sounded even better today. I got excited just listening to you guys play.
Airi: Me too! Before we came in, we were talking about how we can't wait to sing with this band!
An: So, we're all really excited to hear you play!
Shiho: Hear that? Now we really can't embarrass ourselves.
Band Member: Yeah, but I'm not worried! I mean, we've practiced a ton together now, Hinomori!
Band Member: So, let's all do our best!
Band Member: Yeah!
Shiho: Then, let's blow the cast away by putting on an amazing performance for them!
Band Member: Right!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Thanks for waiting. Let's have another good practice today.
Miku (Ln): There you all are. How was school?
Luka (Ln): You were all so busy getting ready for Shibu Schools Fest until a few days ago, but now you're right back to your regular routine.
Saki: It's kind of sad, right? It was so much fun, and now it's over.
Ichika: Oh, speaking of Shibu Schools Fest. Have you all had a chance to see the video of the musical?
Rin (Ln): Yeah! We were actually watching it just now♪
Shiho: Huh? There's a video of the musical?
Honami: Oh, that's right. The broadcasting committee took one, right?
Ichika: Yeah, they're apparently thinking of doing the festival again in the future, so they wanted a reference video for the archive.
Shiho: Really? This is news to me.
Ichika: I also didn't hear about this video until after Shibu School Fest had happened.
Ichika: But I brought it over for Miku and the others once I got my hands on a copy.
MEIKO (Ln): The story was so beautiful. And it was a nice reminder of why music is such a wonderful thing.
KAITO (Ln): *Nod* The cast also did a good job of acting.
Len (Ln): Yeah, they did. Nice work, Ichika. I didn't know you were so good at acting.
Honami: She did work on her acting skills quite a lot.
Shiho: Remember that time after band practice when you suddenly asked me to stand here and pretend to be Lulu? You really startled me.
Ichika: I know, but having someone to recite lines to made it easier for me to get into character.
Saki: I remember that♪ I wanted to play Lulu too.
Ichika: I didn't ask you because I knew you wouldn't have been able to stop yourself from giggling, Saki.
Saki: What? I so would've stopped...
Ichika: No, you're doing it now.
Honami: Hehe.
Miku (Ln): And we mustn't forget to mention the band's performance.
Luka (Ln): Right. You also did a wonderful job, Shiho.
Luka (Ln): I had a chance to listen to the band play as you practiced with them, and you always sounded good. But you were astonishing when it came to the real thing.
Shiho: Yes, I felt the same way.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: Sorry, I just don't want to cut any corners.
Shiho: Our songwriters put a huge amount of effort into these songs, so I want to give them the respect they deserve.
Shiho: After all, we only get one chance to play them together like this. If there's anything at all we can do, I want to do it. No regrets.
Shiho: I hope you can understand where I'm coming from here.
Band Member: Hinomori...
Band Member: You're right... These kinds of opportunities don't come around often, so we should give it our best shot.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: Everyone in the band decided to give what I said a chance.
Miku (Ln): *Nod* Anyone could see you really came together.
Shiho: Thanks.
Rin (Ln): Oh, Shih, that reminds me! You had makeup on during the show!
Shiho: Yeah, so... They really sprang that idea on me.
Honami: Hehe. It was your big day too, after all. I'm sure they wanted you to look just as sharp.
Saki: Yeah♪ Oh, by the way, we caught a glimpse of you getting your makeup done.
Shiho: Huh? When...?
Honami: We were actually hoping to talk to the two of you before heading to our seats.
Saki: But everyone was super busy backstage, and we didn't want to get in the way. So, we watched them put your makeup on for a bit, then headed back to our seats.
Saki: Hehe. You seemed kinda embarrassed when they were putting that lipstick on you♪
Shiho: No, the way they did it just tickled a little...
Shiho: And while we're on the subject, I have to think you felt the same way, Ichika.
Ichika: Umm... I don't really remember what happened while I was getting my makeup done.
Ichika: I was focusing on ways to keep myself calm, and before I knew it they had finished.
KAITO (Ln): It's very like you to do that, Ichika.
Len (Ln): I guess that's one way to get yourself focused for the show.
Rin (Ln): No fair. I wanted to see them getting their makeup put on too. They should have taken a video of that part, too.
Luka (Ln): They said the recording was for reference purposes, right? Then I have to believe someone took video of everything that went on behind the scenes, too.
Ichika: Probably. But I can't say for sure if that includes makeup.
Shiho: There's no way they caught us right at that moment.
Saki: Hey, we won't know until we actually see it for ourselves! Ichi, you gotta find it and—
Shiho: Alright, I think that's enough chatting.
Shiho: We have our hands full as it is getting ready for Jam Fest, so we're gonna get back in the saddle and practice like we really mean it.
Saki: Ichi... I'm willing to wait for as long as I have to for that video.
Rin (Ln): Me too.
Ichika: Okay, okay.
Shiho: What was that...?
Saki: N-Nothing! Honest! Alright, let's have a really great practice today♪
Shiho: Honestly...
Shiho: Anyway, let's get started.
Ichika, Saki & Honami: Yeah! Okay!
(Black cut)
