1026_Shiho Hinomori_R2 Waiting For Our Turn (event_147)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Jam Fest]

[Rookie Stage]

Vocalist: Alright, you guys, here's our next song!
Vocalist: ♪————! ♪————!!
Shiho: (This stage is bigger than I was expecting.)
Shiho: (The crowd doesn't look very big, but there probably are a lot of people here based on the capacity of this venue...)
Vocalist: C'mon! I know you guys can do better than that!
(Black cut)
Vocalist: Thanks, everyone! Enjoy the festival, okay?!
Shiho: (Good performance...)
Shiho: (They probably debuted around the same time as us, but they didn't let the size of this stage affect them.)
Shiho: (The next band's on in... Let's see... Thirty minutes? I guess I should go back to where the others are, but...)
???: ...ho... Shiho.
Shiho: Huh...?
Saki: Hey, Shiho!
Shiho: Saki...? Oh, you're all here.
Saki: What are you spacing out for? We kept calling your name, but you wouldn't notice.
Shiho: Sorry, I was thinking about something.
Shiho: But are you all here to watch the other bands?
Ichika: We actually came looking for you after you said that you wanted to watch them.
Honami: We sent quite a few messages, but I guess you didn't notice them.
Shiho: Oh, you're right... Sorry, I was focused on the show.
Ichika: We had a feeling.
Saki: Back in the green room just now, we were talking about going over to see the main stage!
Saki: And we wanted to see what you thought, Shiho.
Shiho: Oh, about that...
Shiho: I also plan on checking out the main stage, but I'd like to keep watching here for a bit longer.
Honami: Is a band you like going to be playing soon?
Shiho: Not exactly. I'm trying to imagine what it's gonna be like when we do this for real.
Saki: Imagine, huh?
Shiho: The rookie stage is the smallest one at this festival, but for us, it'll be the biggest stage we've ever played on.
Shiho: And the crowd attending this festival seems kinda different from the ones we've encountered until now.
Shiho: Which is why I want to get a clear image of us performing up there. So that I don't lose my nerve.
Shiho: This is our first time playing at a big festival, so I really don't want to make any mistakes.
Saki: I see...
Shiho: So, feel free to go see whoever you like. I'm going to stay here for a bit longer, but I promise to keep an eye out for your messages.
Honami: In that case, I think we should all stay here and watch.
Shiho: Huh?
Ichika: I'd pictured it myself, but I still don't have a good feel for the audience.
Honami: Me neither. I'd like to try what you're doing, Shiho.
Saki: Yeah, we should do everything we can to make sure we put on a good performance!
Saki: So, Shiho, give us a lecture regarding what we need to do♪
Shiho: I mean, there's nothing for me to lecture about...
Shiho: But you all are more than welcome to join me.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Phew...
Luka (Ln): Nice one, Shiho. That was a lovely performance.
Rin (Ln): Yeah, Shih, that was awesome!
KAITO (Ln): You sound better than you did before the festival.
Shiho: Thank you.
Rin (Ln): I thought you wanted to work on something specific, since you asked us to help you practice!
Rin (Ln): But you seem totally fine, based on the way you played just now♪
Shiho: ...
Rin (Ln): This seems like a good place to stop, so wanna call things here?
Luka (Ln): I agree. How does some tea sound? We even still have some of those snacks you girls brought over the other day.
Shiho: ...
KAITO (Ln): What's wrong?
Shiho: Would you guys mind if we kept playing a bit longer?
Luka, Rin & KAITO: Huh?
Rin (Ln): Why? Do you still wanna practice?
Shiho: Not practice per se...
Luka (Ln): Oh, are you trying to say...
Rin (Ln): You're not happy with the way you played just now, right?!
Shiho: Huh...?
Rin (Ln): Again, I thought you played really great today!
Rin (Ln): I got to see you play when you were on stage, and I thought you were just as good!
Luka (Ln): Um, Rin?
Rin (Ln): So, Shih!
Rin (Ln): I love how you wanna keep getting better and better! I know that you're motivated!
Rin (Ln): But you never ever should push yourself too hard!
Shiho: No, it's just...
Rin (Ln): You practiced nonstop in preparation for that festival!
Rin (Ln): So, now that it's over, I think it's time to give yourself a chance to catch your breath!
Shiho: Rin...
Shiho: I appreciate you feeling that way, but I think you're getting the wrong idea.
Rin (Ln): Huh?
Shiho: I'm not unhappy with the way I played today.
Rin (Ln): What?! But, you said you wanna keep playing...
Shiho: Well, yeah. I mean...
Shiho: I'm just having a ton of fun.
Shiho: We played well at the festival, and I could really feel it.
Shiho: Practicing with you guys reminded me of that sensation. So, I kinda want to keep playing...
Luka (Ln): Hehe. I had a feeling.
Rin (Ln): Wait, that's what you were trying to say?! Geez, I totally got the wrong idea!
Shiho: To be fair, I didn't express myself very clearly.
Luka (Ln): Alright, in that case, let's keep playing a little longer.
Shiho: Are you sure?
Luka (Ln): Yes. I totally understand how it feels to lose yourself in the flow.
KAITO (Ln): *Nod* I think those moments are important to remember...
Shiho: Thank you.
Rin (Ln): Still, Shih, I know you're having fun, but you shouldn't push yourself too hard! Got it?
Shiho: Okay, I'll be careful.
(Black cut)
