1028_Shiho Hinomori_R4 An Autumn Breeze At Sunset (event_148)

Gacha phrase: It's really pretty.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Hello.
Saki: Thanks for having us over again♪
Rin (Ln): Welcome, Shih, Sakki!
MEIKO (Ln): I'm sorry, but would you two mind waiting for a little bit? Miku and the others still aren't here.
Shiho: That's okay. Ichika and Honami also need a few more minutes.
Saki: Their class is still having their end-of-day homeroom.
Shiho: But they'll probably get here while we set everything up.
Luka (Ln): Right. Then, let's start doing that, shall we?
Saki: Okay♪
Rin (Ln): Oh, that reminds me! Sakki told me that you two are going on a trip together!
Shiho: Yeah, we are.
Rin (Ln): Wait, aren't you excited?!
Rin (Ln): I thought you'd say, “I'm really looking forward to it,” or something!
Shiho: I mean...
MEIKO (Ln): Haha. I'm not sure Shiho's going to give you the reaction you want.
Rin (Ln): Yeah, but it's a trip. A trip together!
Saki: Heh heh heh. Not to worry.
Saki: Because we've come up with an itinerary that even cool and calm Shiho's gonna enjoy!
Rin (Ln): Really?!
Luka (Ln): Oh, I'd love to hear more. What's on the agenda?
Saki: First, we're gonna check out this old Japanese-style house that's been turned into a cafe! Next, we'll get to pick grapes! And finally, we'll go leaf-viewing!
MEIKO (Ln): That's quite a busy schedule.
Rin (Ln): Cool! And you guys are doing all that in one day?
Shiho: That's the plan. We've modeled our itinerary off one we found in a magazine, so it's supposed to be fairly realistic.
Saki: Yup♪ Shiho did an amazing job of putting all the pieces together!
Saki: I can't wait to sit by this cafe's garden, and I'm gonna have sooo many grapes! Also, I wanna have my breath taken away when I see the leaves!
Shiho: Have your breath taken away? You're setting some pretty lofty expectations.
Saki: That's fine! I know it's gonna be gorgeous up there!
Saki: And I'm sure you're gonna react the same way, Shiho! I'll bet the snacks I'm taking on that.
Shiho: Alright, I get it.
Rin (Ln): No fair, you guys... I wanna go to that cafe, pick grapes and see the leaves. Those all sound like so much fun.
Shiho: If you're that interested, then why don't you come over when we go?
Saki: Yeah, what she said! We should go sightseeing together!
Rin (Ln): Are you sure?!
Rin (Ln): Oh, but I don't wanna get in the way of you guys' trip...
Shiho: We appreciate you being so polite, but you don't have to worry about us.
Saki: Yeah♪ There's no telling when we'll get to do something like this next, so you should totally come with us!
Rin (Ln): Really? Hehe. Then, I think I will☆
Shiho: What about you guys, Luka?
Luka (Ln): Well, it does sound fun, but I think I'll pass...
MEIKO (Ln): Me too. I'm sure Rin will enjoy herself and tell us all about what she saw.
Rin (Ln): Hehe. You know I will♪
Saki: *Sigh* I can't wait for our trip! I'm so excited that I'm already having trouble sleeping.
Shiho: Aren't you getting a little ahead of yourself?
Saki: But I really am that excited♪
Luka (Ln): Hehe. You seem as energetic as ever, Saki.
MEIKO (Ln): While you seem as calm and collected as ever, Shiho.
Shiho: Yeah, I mean...
Saki: Not true! I know this is all an act! You're just as excited about this trip as I am, right?
Shiho: Huh?
MEIKO (Ln): You seem rather confident about that. Do you have any proof to back up your statement?
Saki: I do! First, ever since we decided to go on this trip, I feel like she's been smiling a lot more than usual!
Shiho: You feel like...? How does that count as proof?
Saki: Also, she hasn't been as strict with us during practice lately!
Rin (Ln): Yeah, you're right! Just yesterday, she complimented everyone by saying, “Nice playing,” and, “Keep up the good work.”
MEIKO (Ln): Any rebuttals?
Shiho: I mean, that's pretty simple. We played in that festival and we're in good condition right now, so it seems only natural that we'd be playing well right now.
Shiho: Also, if you want me to be that strict, then I don't mind picking apart every little thing you do starting today.
Saki: What?! Yeah, I wanna get better, but I don't want you to bite my head off!
Luka (Ln): Hehe. Anyway, Shiho, how do you feel about this trip?
Shiho: Huh?
Shiho: I...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: I'm pretty excited...
Shiho: Because I was sure that Shizuku and I wouldn't be able to go on any more trips like this.
Saki: The same goes for me and Tsukasa. Which is why I'm really looking forward to going♪
Saki: So, Shiho, we gotta have as much fun as we possibly can!
Shiho: Yeah.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Kagamine Rin)

[Vineyard]

Saki: Every type of grape they had was so good! I don't think I've ever had so many at once before♪
Tsukasa: Me neither! I believe we all had a splendid time.
Shizuku: Yes, I also had a lot of fun. Especially how we got to chat and laugh so much.
Shiho: Anyway, let's start heading over to see the leaves.
Shizuku, Saki & Tsukasa: Huh...? Huh?! What?!
Shiho: Huh? What's wrong?
Shizuku: Shii, we forgot to do something very important!
Tsukasa: Shizuku's right! Look over there!
Shiho: Over where...? Are you talking about the souvenir stand?
Shiho: We have a bit of a hike ahead of us, so I think we should start making our way over to see the leaves now.
Saki: No, Shiho, wait! Please let us look at the souvenirs! We beg you!
Shizuku: Shii...
Tsukasa: Please...
Shiho: Oh...
Shiho: Fine, I guess we're not in that much of a hurry. We can briefly stop by that souvenir stand...
Shizuku, Saki & Tsukasa: Thank you, Shii! Thanks, Shiho! Thank you, Shiho!
Tsukasa: Alright, it's time to do some souvenir shopping!
Shiho: Honestly, you guys...
(Black cut)
Saki: Look, Shiho! They're giving out free juice and jelly samples!
Shiho: Wait, you just ate a ton of grapes. You're still hungry?
(Black cut)
Shizuku: I might buy some for Airi and the others.
Tsukasa: They have cookies made using grapes, as well as sandwich cookies with grape cream filling. But this all-natural grape juice is also very appealing.
Tsukasa: No, wait. Nene would like that, but Emu and Rui might want something a little different. Such as...
Shiho: (Tsukasa's getting Otori something...?)
Shiho: (Then, I should try to avoid buying the same thing as him. What if I...?)
(Black cut)
Saki: Shiho! I've picked out souvenirs for everybody!
Saki: I'm getting Miku this! And these are for Rin!
Shiho: For each person? Lemme see... Sandwich cookies for Miku, and Rin's getting... Warabimochi?
Rin (Ln): <Yup♪ I wanna know what they taste like!>
Shiho: Whoa, you scared me...! I didn't realize you'd come back, Rin.
Rin (Ln): <Hehe, Sakki told me that you guys were picking our souvenirs♪>
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Alright, that just leaves Mom and Dad!
Saki: We'll be right back, Shizuku, Shiho!
Shizuku: Okay, have fun.
Shizuku: Now, why don't we also choose some gifts for our family?
Shiho: Okay.
Shiho: Since they'll be getting them right when we get home, we can probably buy something with a short shelf life.
Shizuku: You and Saki are gifting the grapes we just picked to your friends, yes?
Shiho: Yeah, but it's gonna be a lot to carry.
Shizuku: Hehe. That shouldn't be a problem. We can have everything delivered from here.
Shiho: Oh, they actually do that? Good eye.
Shizuku: Tsukasa and I asked one of the clerks about what we could do, since we're going leaf-viewing after this.
Shiho: Oh, you did...?
Shizuku: Yes! So, please feel free to buy as much as you like♪
Shiho: That doesn't really mean I can splurge, but I see your point...
Shiho: Anyway, you wanna give Mom and Dad some of these grapes?
Shizuku: Yes, I thought that we could get them some types that you don't normally find at the supermarket.
Shizuku: As it turns out, you get a discount if you buy several different types of grapes as a set.
Shiho: Did the clerk also tell you guys that?
Shizuku: Yes!
Shiho: Hehe...
Shiho: Then, why not take that deal? Let's put together a nice set.
(Black cut)
