1064_Shiho Hinomori_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Gacha phrase: Handwritten letters really are special...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Days before Shiho's birthday]

[Solis Records]

Shindo: Alright, that will be all for today's meeting. Thank you for your time.
Shiho: Thank you very much.
Saki: *Sigh* I used my brain so much that I'm starving!
Honami: Hehe. In that case, shall we get a treat on the way home?
Saki: Sounds like a plan! Let's go!
Shindo: By the way, Hinomori.
Shiho: Ah, yes? What is it?
Shindo: Your birthday is coming up soon, right?
Shiho: Huh? Yes, that's correct...
Honami: Have you remembered all of our birthdays, Mr. Shindo?
Shindo: Well, I am your manager, after all.
Shindo: It's also written in your documents, so I am aware of that much.
Shindo: It's a little early, but happy birthday. Looking forward to continuing working with you.
Shiho: Thank you. I also look forward to continuing working with you.
Ichika: Good for you, Shiho.
Shiho: Yeah. I really wasn't expecting you to wish me a happy birthday, Mr. Shindo.
Shindo: I at least do that much.
Shindo: Anyway, now that that's done, I have something to give to you all...
Shiho: Something?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[School SEKAI]

Luka (Ln): So, you said he gave you something? What was it?
Saki: Look! It was... These fan letters!
Rin (Ln): What?! Fan letters?! That's amazing!
Shiho: Apparently people who have been supporting us from a while back have been sending these to Solis Records.
MEIKO (Ln): So are those fan letters for you, Shiho? You've got two there.
KAITO (Ln): What's written in them?
Shiho: Um, stuff like they're rooting for us and such. They also talked about our performances too.
Len (Ln): Performances?
Shiho: Yeah. Like how our music gave them courage, and really resonated in their hearts.
Shiho: It feels nice to actually know that we're reaching others with our performance.
Len (Ln): Right... It's like these letters were an early birthday present, huh?
Shiho: Yeah... Timing-wise, I guess so.
Miku (Ln): Hm? What's the matter?
Saki: Nothing! Ichi, Hona! Let's get Shiho to smile even bigger than she is now at her birthday party!
Shiho: What?
Ichika: Yeah, let's do our best.
Rin (Ln): Okay, we're also going to give you a grand birthday celebration too, Shih. We'll be waiting for you girls right here♪
Shiho: Oh... Okay, got it. I can't wait.
Shiho: (Everyone looks really pumped about all of this.)
Shiho: (Maybe a little too much. I hope they won't be running around in circles...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shiho's birthday]

[A Cafe]

Honami: Come right in, Shiho!
Saki: Welcome to your birthday party!♪
Shiho: The decorations...are interesting. Everything is green...
Emu: Hehehe, surprised? It's jungle-inspired☆
Shiho: Huh? Why jungle?
Saki: Heh heh heh. That's because this party's theme is treasure hunting!
Saki: And treasure hunting basically means...The jungle!
Shiho: Treasure hunting?
Airi: Without further ado, let's commence the treasure hunting. I'll leave Shizuku, Haruka and An to give you the rundown!
Shizuku: So everyone has hidden a piece of treasure here. Your job is to find them, Shii.
Haruka: We can't reveal what sort of treasure it is, but... I'm sure you'll know when you see it. I hope you'll do your best to find them.
An: Hehe. We all found some interesting places to hide them, so it might be a challenge for you.
Shiho: Really? Okay, I better get started then.
Minori: Oooh... I-I'm starting to get nervous...!
Kohane: Me too...
Shiho: (Where should I start? I guess I could begin with this table here.)
Shiho: Oh, there's place cards. Looks like this is my seat.
Shiho: Hm? There's something underneath the plate...
Shiho: Is this...a letter?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori)

[A Cafe]

Shiho: I was right, it is a letter.
Kohane: Oh, you already found it!
Shiho: Huh? Hold on, is this yours?
Kohane: Yeah. I didn't know where to hide it, and thought you'd miss it if it was somewhere obvious... Hahaha, I guess it backfired.
An: I guess it was a little ambitious.
Shiho: So the treasures...are letters from everyone?
Saki: Yup! We all wrote letters to you. Make sure to find all of them!
Shiho: I see...
Shiho: Oh, the design on this envelope is very you, Kohane. Can I read this now?
Kohane: Um... It's a little embarrassing, but it is for you. Please go ahead.
Shiho: Okay. Here goes...
Kohane's Letter (Kohane): <To Shiho. Happy birthday! Thank you for chatting with me a lot during our first year!>
Kohane's Letter (Kohane): <I'm really glad that we got to be in the same class last year and were able to become close friends. I hope we have more fun times together from here onward.>
Shiho: Hehe, sounds exactly like you, Kohane. Thank you.
Kohane: Hehehe. Mine wasn't hidden for long, but I'm glad you liked it.
Haruka: There's plenty more where that came from. Do keep searching.
Shiho: Right. Okay, where next. Ah, looks like there's something on the back of that balloon...
Honami: Oh!
Shiho: I knew it, it's an envelope.
Shiho: Hm, there's a drawing on it. I'm guessing this is Honami's?
Honami: Looks like you found me out... I did my best to draw your bass.
Shiho: Thank you. I really like the drawing. I'm gonna read the letter now.
Honami's Letter (Honami): <To Shiho. Thank you for giving us the push we needed. I wouldn't be where I am today if you weren't there to inspire me to be on your level.>
Honami's Letter (Honami): <I've always admired your straightforward attitude. I'll make sure to become a leader worthy of all of you. Thank you for everything.>
Shiho: I should be the one thanking you for everything. Thanks for always getting us into gear.
Honami: No problem! Looking forward to more memories with you.
Honami: I was a little nervous... But it does feel nice to have you read my letter with my honest feelings.
Kohane: Writing it was sort of intimidating since you have such neat handwriting, Shiho.
Shiho: Really? You know I don't care about that.
Shiho: (Okay, already got two down. So far, so good.)
Shiho: (Hope the other ones are easy to find.)
(Black cut)
Shiho: Ah, found another one. It was hiding behind the decoration.
Shiho: But why is this envelope so thick?
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <Shiho! Happy birthday!!!>
Shiho: Whoa! Was that...Tsukasa?
Saki: Tsukasa actually came a little before you arrived to hide his letter.
Emu: Hehehe, Tsukasa's letter came with a surprise! The speaker plays when you open the envelope☆
Shiho: I-I see. That's kind of amazing...
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <Shiho! Happy birthday!!!> <...Shiho! Happy birthday!!!>
Shiho: It's so loud that it's distracting me from actually reading the letter...
(Black cut)
Shiho: Also...
Shiho: I've been meaning to ask... That box in the middle is a gift, right?
Minori: Oh, uh...
Shiho: Now that I'm actually looking at it, there's a letter on there. Did you even bother trying to hide it?
Shiho: Can I open it?
Airi: Well, it is practically screaming “open me!” given its location...
Shiho: Okay, I'm opening it.
Shiho: (Oh, it's a sweatshirt. It's an understated design, and it'd match a lot of stuff.)
Shiho: (Hm... This embroidery, though...)
Shiho: Thank you, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Huh?
Shiho: This gift is from you, right? Thank you for the embroidery.
Shizuku: Shii!
Shizuku: That's right! It makes me happy that you can tell just from looking at it...!
(Black cut)
Saki: Ah! You found mine!
Minori: That's amazing, Shiho! How are you finding them so fast?
Ichika: I'm pretty sure we all wanted her to find them, which is why we didn't make it too difficult, but even so...she's very fast.
Airi: Yup. Although, Shizuku's might've been too easy.
Shiho: Alright. I think the only ones left are from Momoi, Kiritani and Shiraishi.
Airi: Don't think we've made it a walk in the park for you. We definitely put ours in places you would never expect. Right, An?
An: Sure did! Hope you're prepared, Hinomori!
Shiho: Really? We'll see about that.
Shiho: After coming this far, I'm not giving up. I'll be sure to keep searching.
(Black cut)
Shiho: Alright. That'd make this last letter from Kiritani. Which means, mission complete.
Haruka: Aw... I guess you found it in the end. I sneakily hid it in your bag during the party, but I didn't expect you to figure that one out.
An: Same here! I was so sure that she would never be able to find yours!
Shiho: I didn't have any luck anywhere else, so I had a suspicion. I'm glad I was right.
Shiho: More importantly...
Shiho: These are a lot of letters...
Emu: It's like a mountain! You were so cool finding them all one after another, Shiho! You were like a detective♪
Shiho: Yeah, it was pretty fun actually.
Shiho: I'm going to treasure all of these. Thank you for planning all of this.
Saki: Of course! All we wanted was to just make sure you smile!
Honami: Yes! But the party has only just started. Hope you have a fun time, Shiho.
Shiho: I know, I know. I'm looking forward to it.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000397/bg_s000397.webp)
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Shii! It really did make me happy when you realized the sweatshirt was from me.
Shizuku: I know you're working hard as a pro now, but let's go somewhere together again for a break sometime.
Airi: Happy birthday, Shiho. I was so confident that you weren't going to find my letter! But that frustration was gone as soon as I saw your face when reading it.
Haruka: I feel the same way. We could see that you read them all with such care. Thank you for accepting our messages, Hinomori.
Minori: Happy birthday, Shiho! Spending time like this together kind of takes me back to when we were first-years! It was so much fun! Let's go hang out again sometime with Kohane, the three of us!
Kohane: I want to go hang out somewhere with you too, Shiho. I know you're busy with being a pro but let's definitely do it sometime. Hope you have an amazing rest of your day!
Emu: Happy birthday, Shiho! I did a lot of thinking of what to write in my letter to you, so I hope it'll be a letter you can read over and over again☆
Tsukasa: I heard that you took the time to read my letter as well. Do let me know if the speaker's battery runs out, as I'll be sure to swap it with new ones. It came with a lifetime's warranty after all!
Nene: Happy birthday, Hinomori. Um, my letter is just a regular one, but... I've written down how to turn off the speaker. So please read it when you have the time.
An: Once again, happy birthday, Hinomori! If you ever have some time, do come by Vivid Street again! It'll be so much fun getting to watch a show together!
Mafuyu: I heard from Otori about your birthday party. Sounds like you all had a fun time. Happy birthday, Hinomori.
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Shiho! Saki told us about the plans, so we also wrote letters too. Right, Ena?
Ena: I was wondering what was with the sudden request for an illustration, but when I found out it was a gift for you, I made sure to pull out all the stops. I hope you like it, Shiho.
Ichika: Happy birthday, Shiho. We wanted to see you smiling like you did when you were reading the fan letters, and I guess our plan was a success.
Ichika: Let's keep doing our best as Leo/need from here on out. Let's keep improving so more people can come to know us, all so we can reach their hearts with our music.
Saki: Yeah! Looks like our feelings also reached Shiho through our letters. Teehee♪
Saki: It made me happy that you enjoyed the party♪ Happy birthday again! Let's keep performing and making music together!
Honami: Happy birthday, Shiho. It was a little intimidating expressing my feelings through a letter, but I'm glad you liked it.
Honami: We've got practices, shows and recordings, but let's keep doing our best for all of them! I hope you had an amazing birthday today!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: Thank you for all the birthday wishes.
Shiho: I had a really fun time today.
Shiho: I realized once again just how many people care about me...
Shiho: To make sure that I return that sentiment...I'll be sure to give my best performance.
Shiho: So, I hope you stick around.
(White cut)
