1130_Shiho Hinomori_R3 Hugs Of Friendship♪ (event_159)

Gacha phrase: Wait, don't throw yourselves at me.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Emu Otori)

[Saki's Room]

Shiho: I bought some juice, Saki.
Emu: And I brought some snacks☆ Let's have them while making our cards!
Saki: Thanks, you two! We should be all set to make our message cards now♪
Saki: So, now that we're all here, let's get started!
Shiho & Emu: Okay. Yeah!
Saki: Let's see... Who should I start with? There's just so many people I need to thank.
Saki: I guess it's gotta be Ichi and Hona!
Shiho: Yeah, I guess that'd make the most sense for us. Do you already know who your first card is going to, Otori?
Emu: Yup! They're going to Nene, Tsukasa and Rui☆
Emu: After I make those, I'm gonna work on the ones for my family♪
Saki: Oh, that was also my plan!
Shiho: Really...?
Shiho: (Cards for my family...)
Shiho: (Come to think of it, I still haven't properly thanked Shizuku for her Valentine's Day gift yet...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: Happy Valentine's Day, Shii♪ I hope you enjoy your gift.
Shiho: Thanks. Huh? This is...
Shizuku: Hehe. I tried embroidering a picture of your bass into a handkerchief.
Shiho: Wow, this is pretty good... And really detailed. You even made sure to include the tuning pegs.
Shiho: (She came up with this design just for me... And she probably worked really hard on it.)
Shiho: I promise to make good use of it.
Shizuku: ...! Thank you. That would make me so happy.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (Shizuku put a ton of thought into my Valentine's Day gift...)
Shiho: (So, I think I'll thank her by making her a nice card.)
(Black cut)
Emu: I think I'll write my brothers messages that tilt up to the right♪
Saki: Oh, I get it! Like a line chart going up?
Emu: Yeah, I thought they'd like that, since they're both in management!
Shiho: I see. But striking a nice balance won't be easy. It'll just look sloppy if you don't commit to it.
Saki: Right... In that case, what if you tilted the card slightly?
Emu: Oh, Saki, that's such a wonderhoy idea!
(Black cut)
Saki: Hmm... My card keeps moving around... I can't get this tape on straight.
Shiho: Here, I'll hold it down for you.
Saki: Oh, Shiho, thank you so much! Now I can put on all the tape I want!
Shiho: Try not to tape my hands down too.
Saki: What?! I'd never do such a thing!
(Black cut)
Shiho: That should be all of them.
Emu: Our cards turned out so well☆
Saki: Yeah! When we first started, I really wasn't sure how I should make them...
Saki: But so many good ideas began popping into my head while we chatted. Before I knew it, they were all complete!
Shiho: Yeah. And I really appreciate you two helping me.
Emu: Same. This was so much fun!
Saki: Yeah, it was! I hope everyone likes what we made.
Emu: I know they will! I mean, we put so much thought into all of them!
Shiho: Yeah, true.
Shiho: (Including me...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Have you all had a chance to exchange your cards?
Ichika: Yeah, we're all done.
Luka (Ln): My heart's full of so much joy after receiving all these thoughtful cards.
Honami: Mine too. Not only were they fun to make, I got to tell you all things that I couldn't normally.
MEIKO (Ln): Hehe. Right. Thank you for hosting this wonderful event for us, you two!
Saki: I'm really glad you guys enjoyed everything♪ Now I can't wait to give Tsukasa and my parents their cards!
Shiho: Oh, that's right. You made some for your family.
Saki: Are you gonna give Shizuku her card later?
Shiho: Yeah, I was gonna, but...
Saki: Wait, does that mean you've changed your mind?!
Rin (Ln): No, Shih, you have to give it to her! I mean, you worked so hard on it!
Shiho: I know, but...
Shiho: (She's for sure gonna blow it way out of proportion, and I'm sort of getting self-conscious about the whole thing.)
Shiho: Now I wish I hadn't put her off until last...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Shizuku's Room]

Shiho's Voice (Shiho): Can I come in, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Hi, Shii...!
Shizuku: Yes, please come in.
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm so glad that you decided to come over, Shii! How can I help you?
Shiho: Umm... This is for you. I wanted to thank you for Valentine's Day.
Shizuku: Oh, what a wonderful card...! The stickers of these little birds are so adorable! And these leaves around the border are beautiful...
Shizuku: Wait, Shii, did you make this yourself?
Shiho: Yeah... You embroidered that handkerchief for me for Valentine's Day, so I thought I should also make you something in return.
Shiho: And I mean, you're always doing things for me, so I figure doing stuff like this isn't so bad, from time to time...
Shizuku: ...! Thank you so much, Shii...!
Shiho: Whoa...! Sh-Shizuku?!
Shizuku: I wasn't expecting to receive such a lovely card. I'm so happy right now!
Shiho: O-Okay, I get it...! Let go of me already.
Shizuku: Oh, I'm sorry... But I promise to cherish this card forever!
Shiho: It's really nothing that special...
Shizuku: Hehe. But you made this card just for me. That means it's a true one-of-a-kind.
Shizuku: Anyway, can I read what you wrote?
Shiho: Huh? Sure, I guess...
Shizuku: Thank you! Let's see...
Shizuku: “Dear Shizuku. Thank you for always keeping me in your thoughts. I know that you lead a really busy life.”
Shiho: (Wait, she's gonna read the whole thing out loud...?!)
Shizuku: “I really admire how you treat your fans with the utmost respect, and I think it's cool how much you do to exceed their expectations.”
Shizuku: ...! Shii, you really believe...?
Shiho: Can we please get this over with already?
Shizuku: “But please don't forget to take breaks from time to time, for the sake of your own health. I'll always be rooting for you as you strive to become a great idol.”
Shiho: (I honestly wasn't expecting her to read my message out loud right in front of me...)
Shiho: (If I'd known she'd do that, I would have just read it out myself.)
Shizuku: Thank you, Shii. My heart's full of so much joy now...
Shizuku: The card is lovely by itself, and then you also wrote me such a sweet message...
Shizuku: I honestly couldn't have asked for a better gift.
Shiho: Okay. I'm glad that you like it so much.
Shiho: (Telling anyone how I actually feel is still pretty embarrassing for me...)
Shiho: (But if she's feeling this happy...)
Shiho: (Then maybe I should do this more in the future.)
(Black cut)
