1146_Shiho Hinomori_R4 Go With The Flow (event_162)

Gacha phrase: They haven't seen anything yet!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Music Shop]

Saki: Let's see, the Free Cluster corner should be... Oh, here it is!
Shiho: The top part is all their CDs, so this must be all their DVDs...
Ichika: They have so many DVDs of their shows.
Honami: We should watch as many of them as we can for our research.
Shiho: Yeah. It's research too, but I also want to see what Free Cluster's shows are like before we open for them.
Shiho: Still, there's no way we're gonna be able to get through all of these. We need to choose the best ones for us.
Saki: In that case... Oh, what about this one?! It's filmed at the same arena we'll be playing!
Ichika: Yeah, let's buy that. It should help us get a good idea of what things are going to be like when we take the stage.
Shiho: One of their more recent shows would also be nice. I wanna see what they're like currently.
Honami: Their most recent one is... This one? Oh, it even includes some bonus footage.
Honami: There's a video of them rehearsing, and there's also an interview about the show.
Ichika: A video of them rehearsing...? That might help us get a good understanding of the arena's acoustics and such.
Shiho: And the interview should let us hear what they focused on while planning their show.
Saki: Yeah! Let's learn as much as we can about all this stuff together!
Saki: Still, an interview...
Saki: Hey, someday when we release a DVD like this, do you think we'll get to record an interview like them?
Ichika: Yeah, it's pretty standard as far as bonus footage goes...
Saki: Then, if we include an interview as bonus footage for our very first DVD, what would you guys wanna talk about?
Shiho: Aren't you getting a little ahead of yourself?
Saki: What?! No, I'm not! Thinking about this now might help us in the future!
Honami: True, this could help with magazine interviews and such.
Ichika: Then, I'd probably want to talk about Miku. She's special to us personally, not to mention an integral part of Leo/need's music.
Honami: That's very like you, Ichika. I think that's great.
Honami: In my case... I'd probably want to talk about what makes you all so great.
Honami: I think anyone going out of their way to watch interviews would be very interested in learning more about us as people.
Shiho: That's a little embarrassing, but it's not a bad idea.
Saki: And I'll tell everyone all about what an amazing person you are, Hona!
Honami: Thank you, Saki. So, what would you discuss during our interview?
Saki: Me? There's so much I wanna talk about, but I'd probably start by discussing our songs!
Saki: Because they mean so much to us, and we all invested a ton of time and effort into them!
Ichika: Yeah, I agree.
Saki: Oh, and for the interview, how cool would it be to sit in big chairs while wearing sunglasses and stuff like movie stars?♪
Shiho: It's probably best to just be ourselves.
Saki: No, you don't get it! It's important to act like we're a big deal!
Saki: Anyway, Shiho, what would you talk about during our interview?
Shiho: I'll pass.
Saki: No, you can't do that! It's your turn to talk now!
Honami: I agree. Imagine all the people you'd disappoint by being the only one not to say anything.
Shiho: Not you too, Honami...
Shiho: Fine... I'd talk about the history of Leo/need.
Ichika: The history of Leo/need?
Shiho: Yeah. I'd start with how we got our band back together during our first year of high school, decided to try going pro together, practiced like there was no tomorrow...
Shiho: Put on a successful solo show, and actually turned pro. I'd also mention our commercial, our first appearance at a big festival and all the other challenges we've taken on.
Shiho: Oh, also...
Shiho: How we got to open for Free Cluster.
Ichika: Oh...
Shiho: I don't know what's gonna happen moving forward.
Shiho: But when we look back on all this sometime in the future, I feel like this next show is going to be a real turning point for us.
Honami: Yes, I agree.
Saki: It'll be our big chance for us to reach a new level as a band!
Ichika: Let's do our best to make that happen. So we can talk about how we faced a massive challenge and came out of it stronger.
Saki: For now, let's start by watching these DVDs!
Ichika: Right. We should keep an eye out for things that we can take in for ourselves.
Honami: I'll put together a schedule leading up to our lesson with Ms. Naruse. That should make it easier for us to come up with a detailed set of goals.
Shiho: Thanks, Honami.
Shiho: Let's do everything we can. First, we need to improve the way we play so that we're able to put on the perfect performance for Ms. Naruse.
Honami, Saki & Ichika: Right!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shiho's Room]

Shiho: (The video file for Leo/need should be... Oh, I think this is it. And play...)
Ichika's Voice (Ichika): <We're Leo/need! Thank you all for having us!>
Shiho: (Okay, the sound's crystal clear. This should allow me to go over every detail of our performance.)
Shiho: (I really need to thank Ms. Naruse again for sending this over.)
Shiho: (The intro went exactly like we practiced. And Ichika didn't miss a beat with her singing...)
Shiho: (But it's pretty clear that we weren't in perfect sync as we transitioned to the second verse.)
Shiho: (We might've rushed ahead because we were so excited. I'll need to see how we do during our next practice.)
Shiho: (After the first chorus, Ichika and I have our solos...)
Shiho: (Yeah, this is around where the crowd all began waving their hands...)
Shiho: (This was a completely new arrangement, so we weren't exactly sure how they were going to react...)
Shiho: (So I'm glad it went over with them so well.)
Shiho: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Naruse: <Here we go!>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: (Free Cluster did a solo relay too, but the crowd's reaction is on an entirely different level.)
Shiho: (There's the gap in technical skill, but there are other touches, like how the keyboardist kept the beat alongside the drummer. Even the way they made the lights strobe helped raise the excitement...)
Shiho: (They really used everything at their disposal to get the crowd going.)
Shiho: (On top of all that, they changed up their relay order totally on the fly.)
Shiho: (I've seen a couple other bands do that... But it really makes it feel like a unique and special groove you could only get from this particular live performance.)
Shiho: (It might be good for us to try something like this in the future.)
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): Shii, can I come in?
Shiho: Oh... Yeah, sure.
Shizuku: I'm sorry for bothering you all of a sudden. I made some tea and was wondering if you'd like some... Huh?
Shizuku: Is this a video of the show you did the other day?
Shiho: Yeah. I was sent a video of it. I was just seeing how we did.
Shizuku: I see...
Shizuku: In that case, Shii... Would it be alright if I watched it with you?
Shiho: Huh?
Shizuku: I really wanted to go, but I was scheduled to work that day...
Shizuku: I'll watch from over here, and I promise not to get in your way. So, please...!
Shiho: (Come to think of it, after they announced that we'd be playing, she almost cried after finding out that she wouldn't be able to go...)
Shiho: Alright, you can watch.
Shizuku: Really? Thank you so much, Shii...!
Shiho: Here, I'll start it over from the beginning.
Shizuku: Wow...! You all look so cool!
Shizuku: Oh, Shii, look! It's a close-up on you!
Shiho: Yeah, I know...
Shizuku: You all seem to be playing with much more energy than normal. The audience just looks so excited...
Shiho: Yeah, we made that one of our primary goals.
Shizuku: I see. Hehe. I'm glad your plan ended up going so well.
Shizuku: Also, to think that you and the others got to play a show at such a large venue...
Shizuku: I'm just... I'm so happy for you.
Shiho: You're blowing things out of proportion again. We were just the opening act.
Shizuku: Don't say that! The opening act is a very important role.
Shizuku: You've always said you want as many people as possible to hear your music...
Shizuku: That's why I'm so happy. You took a big step towards making your dream come true...!
Shiho: Oh...
Shiho: Yeah, you're right... Thanks for saying that, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Oh, Shii, it's your solo...!
Shizuku: This is incredible...! You look so cool!
Shiho: (Someday, we're gonna do our own show at this arena. We're gonna need to expand our fan base a lot to make that happen...)
Shiho: (But we also need to keep cherishing the people who have been supporting us all this time.)
(Black cut)
