1192_Shiho Hinomori_R4 Chatting With The Band (event_171)

Gacha phrase: I've made plenty of memories already.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - School Gate]

Shiho: *Sigh* (We start getting those tests back today, huh...?)
Shiho: (I was able to prepare during our study sessions, so I don't think I did poorly on any of them...)
Saki's Voice (Saki): Hey, Shiho! Over here!
Shiho: Hm? Saki...?
Shiho: Oh, Ichika and Honami are with you. Did we agree to meet today? I forget.
Honami: No, the three of us just happened to run into each other a second ago.
Ichika: That alone came as a pretty big surprise. Then you appeared, Shiho.
Saki: Hehe! Leo/need's all gathered up first thing in the morning! Now I've got a really good feeling about today♪
Shiho: Really? Just because we happened to run into each other?
Saki: I mean, I can't help that I got the feeling!
Shiho: Hey, personal space...! It's still way too early in the morning.
Honami: Oh, we need to start heading over to our classrooms. Are you all free during lunch today?
Shiho: I am.
Saki: Me too!
Ichika: I may have to attend a committee meeting.
Shiho: Okay. Then, let's have lunch together if we all can.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: Which should I get...?
Ichika: Oh, there you two are. Buying from the school store today?
Shiho: Wait, Ichika, what happened to that committee meeting you mentioned?
Ichika: About that. I just sent a message, but I ended up finding you first.
Honami: So, were you two about to eat? How do you feel about us having lunch together today?
Saki: Yeah, let's do it! We should since we can!
Ichika: I'm glad you said that...! I'll buy my food right away.
Ichika: Alright, let's see... Three yakisoba buns, please.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Ichika: Phew... You seem really excited today for some reason, Shiho.
Saki: I was just thinking the same thing! It sounded like you were having a lot of fun just now!
Shiho: Oh, you think so...? Now that you mention it, maybe I have been able to focus more than usual.
Honami: Is it because you did well on those tests?
Shiho: Not exactly...
Shiho: I played this song a lot during the breaks I took from studying, so I know it all by heart.
Shiho: Although, those breaks did sometimes end up lasting for an hour.
Ichika: Hehe. I know what you mean. Anyway, we need to get going in a bit, so why don't we call our next one our last?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Diner]

Waitress: Thank you for your patience! Here are your limited-time caramel pudding parfaits.
Saki: Wow, this looks amazing! Check out these cherries! They're huge!
Shiho: Yeah, we know. We all ordered the same thing.
Ichika: Anyway, now that we have our parfaits, we can finally start. Congratulations to all of us for getting through those tests! Cheers!
Shiho, Honami & Saki: Cheers. Cheers!
Saki: Hehe! We've gotten to spend so much time together today♪
Shiho: Yeah, it all started with us running into each other out by the school gate. We even had lunch together.
Shiho: Still, considering how we spend our weekends together practicing, I'm amazed that we haven't gotten sick of each other...
Saki: Why would we?! We're the Bestest Childhood Friends Forever!
Ichika: B-Bestest Childhood Friends Forever?
Shiho: You keep coming up with these weird group names for us...
Saki: Hehe. It's cute, right?
Saki: But... I want us to spend even more time together! Twenty-four hours a day, 365 days a year!
Honami: A whole year might be difficult... But we could try having another sleepover. How does that sound?
Ichika: Oh, I'd love to do that again. Especially since the last one we had was so much fun.
Saki: Yeah, let's do it! You're up for another sleepover, right, Shiho?!
Shiho: Wait, but we see each other basically every day. I don't think we have to spend even more time together than we already do...
Saki: Grr...
Saki: Ichi, Hona... Shiho says she doesn't want to have another sleepover with us.
Ichika: Hmm... Maybe she's against us having a regular sleepover. What if we turned it into a two-day trip to PXL?
Honami: But that won't leave us much time to practice. What if we turned it into a training camp instead? Would that be enough to entice her...?
Shiho: I can hear you.
Shiho: *Sigh* Alright, I can tolerate a training camp.
Saki: Wait, really?!
Shiho: But I have to think about it first. I mean, we're all really busy, so we don't exactly have time for extended travel.
Saki: Woohoo! Let us know when you think we can go, Shiho!
Ichika: Hehe. It's pretty easy to get you to change your mind when we really try.
Shiho: Quit saying stuff like that. Anyway, we gotta eat our parfaits before they melt.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: No, this still doesn't sound right...
Shiho: I guess you can only ask so much from a smartphone app. It isn't very good at combining sounds.
MEIKO (Ln): Hi, Shiho. I was wondering who was in here.
KAITO (Ln): You're here very early. Were you practicing by yourself...?
Shiho: Yes, you could call it that.
KAITO (Ln): You seem to be doing just fine...
Shiho: Huh? Just fine?
MEIKO (Ln): Remember how those black fragments made you all see that dream? We were wondering if there were any lingering aftereffects that we should worry about.
Shiho: Ah, I see...
Shiho: Thank you for the concern. But I am doing just fine.
KAITO (Ln): That's good to hear...
MEIKO (Ln): This is Shiho we're talking about.
Shiho: Oh, but...
Shiho: I'm not sure if this counts as an aftereffect, but that dream did compel me to try something.
MEIKO (Ln): Try something?
Shiho: Yes, I have the sound file here. Would you mind giving it a listen?
MEIKO (Ln): It's one of Leo/need's songs. Wait, am I hearing two basses?
KAITO (Ln): Oh, a dual-bassist setup...?
Shiho: Yes, that's right. I tried combining the recording of our practice the other day with another recording of me playing my bass.
Shiho: But I sorta just smashed them together, so the end result doesn't sound very good.
KAITO (Ln): No, I understand... I see what you were trying to do, Shiho.
MEIKO (Ln): Me too. Your goal was to get the keyboard and guitar to sound brighter by adding more bass, yes?
Shiho: Oh...
Shiho: That's incredible. You got all that after listening for only a few seconds?
MEIKO (Ln): If anything, you're what's most incredible, Shiho. You got your message across so easily.
KAITO (Ln): But why the dual-bassist setup...?
Shiho: Because STANDOUT had two in that dream.
Shiho: Mio played the main bassline, while I spiced things up by throwing in whatever I could.
Shiho: If I can figure this out, then it won't just give our keyboard and guitar a boost. It should also do the same for our vocals, and really help us expand our horizons.
KAITO (Ln): I see...
MEIKO (Ln): “Our vocals”?
Shiho: D-Did I say something funny...?
MEIKO (Ln): No, you didn't.
MEIKO (Ln): You care so much about Leo/need...
MEIKO (Ln): About Ichika and the others.
Shiho: I mean...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: Because we clearly wanted to be with each other regardless of where we were or what we were doing...
Honami: I don't think that's ever going to change for us.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: I mean, we are bandmates...
MEIKO (Ln): Also, I'm impressed by your drive. It's amazing how you're trying to put what you experienced during that dream into practice.
Shiho: But my little experiment isn't really working.
Shiho: I guess it just means that Leo/need shouldn't have two bassists. Especially since we'd have to find another one...
KAITO (Ln): But...
KAITO (Ln): You can do that here.
Shiho: Huh...?
KAITO (Ln): I'll be your second bassist. Why don't we try playing that song together?
Shiho: Are you sure?
KAITO (Ln): Yes, since the others won't be here for a little while...
MEIKO (Ln): That sounds fun. Why don't I take the drums?
Shiho: Thank you both.
MEIKO (Ln): Then, let's give it a try. I'll count us in.
Shiho & KAITO: Okay! Okay...
(Black cut)
