1204_Shiho Hinomori_R3 The Moment I Rise (event_173)

Gacha phrase: Better get ready quick.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: (I came over here to see if anyone was free to play...)
Shiho: (But where could Miku and the others be?)
Shiho: This sound... They might be practicing in this classroom.
Shiho: Let's take a look.
(Background change)
Miku (Ln): Okay, that was much better. In particular, your palm mutes sounded much cleaner.
Ichika: Your great advice did the trick, Miku. It's much easier for me to play that part now.
Miku (Ln): That's good to hear. Anyway, this seems like a good place to stop, so why don't we take a break?
Shiho: Oh, Ichika, Miku, it was you two.
Ichika: Hi, Shiho. Are you here to practice on your own?
Shiho: Yeah. I was looking for a playing partner when I heard a guitar.
Shiho: Which turned out to be you, Ichika. You're sounding better than ever.
Ichika: Thanks. Miku's training regimen has done me wonders.
Shiho: Training regimen?
Ichika: Yeah, I've been having her watch me practice as I prepare for our solo show.
Miku (Ln): She's been doing particularly well lately. Her sound's been fresh and lively...
Miku (Ln): Ever since that party, I'd say.
Shiho: That party...? Oh, the one you guys threw us to celebrate our solo show getting scheduled?
Shiho: It was a nice boost of energy, after all. I feel more motivated lately too.
Ichika: Yeah. But that's not all...
Ichika: I think performing in those shuffled-up bands was really big for me.
Miku (Ln): What do you mean?
Ichika: Remember how I played the drums? It was really hard, and I couldn't really make the sounds I wanted to.
Ichika: But when I picked up my guitar afterwards, it felt like a pair of gloves slipping onto my hands...
Ichika: And I felt anew how much fun it is to play exactly how I feel.
Ichika: I think it's that feeling that lets me get so into my playing.
Shiho: Yeah, I know that feeling.
Shiho: I was on the guitar that time, but it felt completely different from my bass.
Miku (Ln): Unlike the guitar, you don't usually play many chords on bass.
Shiho: But just like Ichika said, when we switched back my bass felt like it clicked even better than usual.
Shiho: I felt like I was playing better too.
Miku (Ln): I didn't realize you two felt that way.
Shiho: Yeah. We don't get a lot of chances to play other instruments, so it was a good experience, I think.
Shiho: And... Doing the band shuffle helped me realize I still have a lot of growing to do.
Shiho: Not being able to play an unfamiliar instrument is normal... But there are still plenty of things that I still can't do very well on my own instrument.
Shiho: I might be able to play something surprisingly well, but it's still a far cry from the perfect performance I'm seeking.
Ichika: Oh...
Shiho: That's why I need to keep practicing and keep getting better.
Shiho: Because my dream won't ever come true if I don't.
Ichika: Me too...
Ichika: I'm going to practice just as much as you do, Shiho. Because I also want to become a better singer and guitarist...!
Shiho: Ichika...
Miku (Ln): I like the looks in your eyes right now.
Miku (Ln): If we played something right now, I have a feeling that we'd sound absolutely amazing. What do you say?
Shiho: Yeah, I also want to play.
Shiho: So, let's get started. We're going all out from the top, you two.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Shiho's Room]

Shiho: Phew... I've been playing for a while now, so I should probably take a quick break.
Shiho: I want to keep working on that arrangement a bit more, so I'll check it over again after...
Shiho: Wait, it's already this late? It's past midnight...
Shiho: But we don't have practice until noon tomorrow, so I guess I can stay up a little tonight.
Shiho: I'll keep going until I find a good place to stop. After all, we don't have much time left until our show.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

Shiho: Hm...?
Shiho: (It's morning? What time is it...?)
Shiho: A message...?
Shiho: (Oh, it's the Leo/need group chat. I've gotten a ton of notifications...)
Shiho: Wait, it's almost noon. I slept in way too much...
Shiho: I guess that makes sense, since I did stay up pretty late last night. Anyway, what are they talking about?
Saki's Message (Saki): <Hey! Is anyone free to have lunch a little early before we head over to the studio?>
Saki's Message (Saki): <I wanna check out the new fancy cafe that just opened up right near it!>
Honami's Message (Honami): <I can join you.>
Ichika's Message (Ichika): <Me too. Why don't we meet up outside the station?>
Shiho: An early lunch...
Shiho: Even if I were to get ready now, I wouldn't make it in time. But I should still reply.
Shiho: <I just woke up. I won't be able to join you guys, so go on without me. I'll see you all during practice.>
Ichika's Message (Ichika): <Wait, you just woke up?>
Saki's Message (Saki): <Wow! Somebody's a sleepyhead!>
Shiho: No, not really...
Honami's Message (Honami): <Get here safe, okay? Let us know if it looks like it'll take a little longer.>
Shiho: <Okay, thanks.>
Shiho: Yawn... I need to start getting ready.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Shiho: We're starting to get the hang of this arrangement.
Saki: That was the most in sync we've been today!
Ichika: Once we hammer out all the little details, this song should be ready to go.
Honami: This is a good stopping point, so why don't we take a break?
Shiho: Yeah, we've been practicing for a while... Yawn...
Honami: Hehe. You seem sleepy, Shiho. Definitely the perfect time for a break.
Ichika: Come to think of it, you woke up just before noon, right? Did you stay up late last night or something?
Shiho: I'm pretty sure I fell asleep before morning came around, but I just didn't want to stop practicing.
Ichika: Wait, this morning...? Are you sure you're okay?
Honami: You can rest if you are feeling sleepy. We can have an extended break.
Saki: Yeah. And if you get lonely on your own, I can nap with you!
Shiho: You don't have to do that. I mean, I'd rather sleep by myself.
Saki: What?! We should have a nap together like old times!
Shiho: Like old times? When are you talking about exactly?
Shiho: (But still... I've really made the three of them worry about me now.)
Shiho: (I wouldn't want to keep them from being able to focus on practice...)
Shiho: (I should probably stop staying up so late to practice. At least for a while. In return, I'll try to focus more during the day.)
Ichika: Shiho? Are you really sure that you're okay?
Shiho: Yeah, I feel more awake now after talking with all of you.
Saki: Thank goodness! Let us know if you start feeling sleepy again! We'll be more than happy to talk!
Shiho: Yeah, yeah.
Honami: Anyway, now that Shiho's feeling better, why don't we resume?
Saki: Yeah!
Ichika: For now, let's keep working on that song.
Shiho: Agreed. We've gotten the hang of it, but we need to make sure our sounds don't clash or overlap. Why don't we start there?
Shiho: I'm hoping that we'll finish working on this arrangement today. I know that's a big ask, but let's do our best.
Honami, Saki & Ichika: Yeah!
(Black cut)
