1263_Shiho Hinomori_R4 Daily Routine (event_182)

Skill name: The Real Deal
Gacha phrase: First, the tuning...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

[After school]

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Oh, looks empty... I'll use this one today.
Shiho: (Saki said she wanted to stop by the instrument shop, so she left straight away... I doubt she's made her way here yet.)
Shiho: (It might be a while since she wanted to look for a new cleaning product.)
Shiho: (The others have committee stuff, so I could've just waited for everyone...)
Shiho: (But with our solo show coming up, I want to get practice in whenever I can.)
Shiho: Alright, let's get started.
Shiho: First, the tuning...
Shiho: That'll do it.
Shiho: I'll go over the new song first, then move on to another one if I have... Huh?
(Background change)
(Background change)
Shiho: Rin? Luka? What are you doing out there?
Rin's Voice (Rin-Ln): *Gasp* She caught us! We were being so sneaky too...
Luka (Ln): I noticed you entering this classroom, so Rin and I came to see what you were up to.
Shiho: You could've just said something. I was only doing my tuning.
Rin (Ln): I know, but...! You looked so cool, Shih!
Rin (Ln): And I've gotta say, I love seeing people tune since it just screams “musician”. That's why I wanted to watch a little longer♪
Shiho: Not sure I get it.
Luka (Ln): By the way, Shiho, are you on your own today?
Shiho: Everyone else will be here in a little bit. They each have their own things going on.
Shiho: I didn't like the idea of just waiting around, so I came early for some solo practice.
Rin (Ln): Ooh! That's our Shih, always mega motivated!
Luka (Ln): That she is. And it's not just you, Shiho... You girls have all been working very hard lately.
Luka (Ln): You've been practicing here late into the evenings... And some of your days off have been spent entirely in the studio, no?
Shiho: That's true. Energy levels are high... We're in a good spot, I'd say.
Shiho: This show's special, after all.
Rin (Ln): Yeah, it's gonna be your first show as pros!
Shiho: Exactly. Since we debuted, we've had opportunities like the festival and a show at a big arena...
Shiho: But a solo show is its own story.
Shiho: Unlike those other events, everyone attending will be there to see us and us alone.
Shiho: We have to live up to their expectations... And I'm excited to.
Rin (Ln): Oh yeah! I totally get that from the way you girls play!
Luka (Ln): It's very clear that you all have something you desperately wish to convey.
Shiho: I see... That's good to hear.
Shiho: But this is far from enough.
Shiho: Our performance needs to have people coming back for more at our next show.
Luka (Ln): Your next show?
Shiho: Yes. We'll lay the groundwork for next time, develop a broader audience and keep booking bigger venues...
Shiho: And one day, we'll have our own arena show. That's my dream.
Shiho: I see this solo show as the first step.
Shiho: So... I'm going to make it something incredible, no matter what.
Rin (Ln): Shih...
Luka (Ln): It's very clear to us how you feel now.
Rin (Ln): Yeah! Just hearing you talk has this fire going all FWOOSH inside me!
Rin (Ln): We're gonna do absolutely everything we can to help you guys be in perfect shape for it!
Shiho: Thank you.
Shiho: Oh. Actually, could I take you up on that right now?
Shiho: I was about to start practicing, so it'd be great if you could watch.
Rin (Ln): Okie dokie! You can count on us!
Luka (Ln): We'll stick with you until you're satisfied.
Shiho: That means a lot. Then, starting with the new song...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Morning]

[Shiho's Room]

Shiho: I have those handouts that are due today... Yeah, that should be everything.
Shiho: Timewise, I normally wouldn't be heading out yet... But I guess there's no reason not to.
Shiho: Alright, what should I listen to today?
Shiho: Huh? This is...
Shiho: Wow... Ichika's song is over two million views now.
Shiho: We were just talking the other day about how it hit one million... This pace is incredible.
Shiho: Since it came up, I'll have this be my first song of the day.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Saki: Oh, Shiho, you've got Salisbury steak in your lunch today!
Ichika: It looks delicious. And the ketchup smiley face is cute.
Shiho: Someone keeps forgetting I'm not a kid anymore...
Honami: Hehe. Still, Shiho, you seem happy about it.
Shiho: You're imagining things. Now, let's hurry up and start eating.
Ichika: Oh...
Honami: Is something wrong, Ichika?
Ichika: It was a notification from the video site. I guess my subscriber count has gone up some more.
Shiho: That reminds me... “WITH” is really getting attention, huh. I saw this morning that it hit two million views.
Saki: Oh wow...! Congrats, Ichi!
Honami: Have you been keeping an eye on the view count, Shiho?
Shiho: No, I just happened to see it.
Shiho: Still, this pace is impressive. I wonder how high it'll get.
Ichika: Me too... It all feels pretty strange.
Honami: You were just saying this morning that you felt like your head was in the clouds.
Ichika: Yeah. But... I guess it does make me happy knowing so many people are listening to it.
Ichika: The other day, I saw a comment saying, “My friend recommended this and now I'm hooked.”
Ichika: I really have Aoi and all the other creators to thank...
Shiho: Sure, they've played a part...
Shiho: But the way I see it, this success isn't all because of them.
Ichika: Huh?
Shiho: If the song's not good to begin with, nobody's gonna go out of their way to spread it.
Shiho: People are talking about it because it appeals to them.
Shiho: Sure, some are probably just hopping on the bandwagon...
Shiho: But I still think “WITH” is a great song.
Shiho: Both the sound and the lyrics are so full of what you feel towards Miku. Most of all, it's really clear how much you like her.
Shiho: I have to think that struck a chord with a lot of people.
Ichika: Shiho...
Ichika: Thank you. It's so nice to hear that from you, and it makes me feel really confident too.
Shiho: Confident?
Ichika: Yeah. If it's you saying it, that doesn't leave much room for doubt...
Honami: I know what you mean. Shiho's words have that sort of power to them.
Saki: Yeah, totally! Anytime you give me a compliment, Shiho, that tells me I did a good enough job!
Shiho: How does that work...? I'm just acknowledging good work when I see it.
Ichika: Maybe. But if you think something is lacking, you clearly say that too, don't you?
Ichika: That's why it makes us so happy to hear your praise. We know it's the real deal.
Shiho: I...see.
Saki: Hold on, Shiho, are you blushing...?!
Shiho: No.
Shiho: Anyway, we were talking about Ichika's song. How many views is it at now?
Ichika: Huh? Um, let's see... It's at 2,020,000.
Honami: Wow, it just keeps climbing. I wonder if there are people listening to it as we speak.
Saki: There's gotta be! 3,000,000 is right around the corner, I just know it! I'm gonna have to keep an eye out so I don't miss it...!
Ichika: I think it's too soon to be talking about 3,000,000...
Shiho: (All I did was compliment Ichika's song... I definitely didn't expect that reaction.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Ichika: That's why it makes us so happy to hear your praise. We know it's the real deal.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shiho: (The real deal, huh...)
Shiho: (It's kind of embarrassing that she sees things that way... But I guess I didn't hate hearing it.)
(Black cut)
