13 It's On! Wonder Halloween! After Show (event_3)

1 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_01_1

(Enter: Rui)
Rui: Mhm, I see! This device will certainly come in handy. And this vast expanse of sparkling lights!
Rui: It's beautiful how each light glitters in a different way. I must find a way to use them as an effect somehow. Here, come to me!
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
Rui: It's okay. There's no need to be afraid...probably!
Tsukasa: Good, we all made it in one piece! Hm?
Emu: Hi Rui! You're earlier than us today! What're you doing, though?
Nene: Probably fantasizing about what sort of stage effects he can get away with.
Rui: Oh, you know me so well, Nene.
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku (WxS): Hey everyone! You're all together today♪
KAITO: Is there something special going on?
Tsukasa: KAITO, Rui and Nene told us that you helped Rui find the motivation to dedicate himself to his craft again.
Rui: So we would like to perform a show for you as a way of saying thank you.
KAITO: I would love to see it!
Miku (WxS): I wanna perform too! Can I? Can I? Please?
Rui: Hehe, of course you can. Together, we can make this our grandest show yet!
Rui: And I hope our sparkly guests will enjoy our show too.
Tsukasa: Let the show begin!


2 [MUSIC] 52: Becoming Potatoes

3 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_01_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: KAITO)
Nene: Hey, the sparks there are swaying. I think they liked it.
Emu: Yup! It was so much fun that I'm all crumply-rumply inside now!
Tsukasa: Again with that incomprehensible speech...
Rui: I enjoyed it too. Having done so many shows by myself, I'm more than aware of the joy of performing, but...
Rui: I never thought it would be so fun to perform with someone.
Rui: By the way, I was wondering if we could use these sparks that often appear here in our next show?
Miku (WxS): Huh?
KAITO: Um, but these aren't normal lights. They're sparks of feelings.
Rui: Look at all these beautiful colors. Hey, would you all like to perform together with us too?
Emu: I think we should do it! The lights will make the stage even sparklier than before♪
Nene: There he goes again with his strange suggestions... Well, he wouldn't be Rui otherwise, I guess.
Tsukasa: The stage director of my Wonderlands×Showtime has to be at least THIS unconventional! Looking forward to seeing more of your stage effects, Rui!
Rui: I certainly won't disappoint, future star.
Rui: As much as we would love to stay, we must be on our way now.
Rui: Join us again next time for another spectacular show!
