37 Time to RE:START After Show (event_5)

1 [mc] mc_ev_idol_01_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Airi: Our first step forward just has to be celebrated on this stage!
Airi: It's going to be a tough road ahead without an agency, but we'll still make this our best show ever!
Minori: Yup! We've already done our vocal and warm-up exercises, checked our poses and everything... W-We'll be fine!
Airi: Relax, Minori. Come on, smile a little♪
Shizuku: Hehe. Airi's all fired up for this.
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Hey, it's Airi! And Minori, and Haruka, and Shizuku too♪
Airi: Hi, Rin! I'm here to thank you today.
Airi: Watching your show that day made me remember the most important feeling an idol should have.
Airi: And thanks to that, we've decided that MORE MORE JUMP! will be moving ahead as an independent idol group!
Minori: So we want to give out lots and lots of hope to everyone with our show today!
Haruka: Our first show as an independent idol group is dedicated to you, Rin.
Airi: Let's do this!


2 [MUSIC] 10: Happy Synthesizer

3 [mc] mc_ev_idol_01_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: That was awesome, everyone! The glowsticks were vigorously waving about in approval too!
Airi: Hehe, glad everyone liked it.
Rin: While watching the show, I became sure of something!
Rin: I'm confident that MORE MORE JUMP! will become an idol group that can give hope to anyone, anywhere!
Rin: Do you see all those glowstick lights twinkling away?
Rin: They're proof that your show has already given hope to someone, somewhere out there!
Haruka: Our song has already given hope to someone... That really makes my day.
Shizuku: Yes, and that means we must work even harder to reach even more people in the future.
Airi: And always with a smile and positive attitude!
Minori: Totally! More and more practice it is!
Haruka: There will be obstacles along the way, but together, we can overcome anything.
Minori: "Yeah!"
Airi: "Yeah!"
Airi: We'll definitely be working towards becoming an idol group that will give everyone hope for the future!
Airi: Promise you'll keep watching us until we're there♪
