43 Len's Anniversary Show 2021

1 [mc] mc_bd_2020len_1

(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Luka: Hello everyone, and welcome. You're here to celebrate Len's anniversary for him, right?
Luka: There's been a problem. We were going to make this a surprise party, but...
MEIKO: Len's been restless all day because he's expecting us to surprise him.
Miku: Yes. And that's making it very hard for us to find the right timing to catch him by surprise.
KAITO: I have an idea! Let's ask him to sing a song for those who have gathered here today. We'll make it sound like we want him to show off how cool he is when he sings!
KAITO: I'm sure he'll forget all about the surprise while he's singing!
Rin: Sounds good to me!
MEIKO: Yes!
KAITO: Will you all help us too?
KAITO: Thank you! Okay, let's go look for Len!
(Exit: Miku)
(Exit: Rin)
(Exit: Luka)
(Exit: MEIKO)
(Enter: Len)
Len: Hey, everyone! Have you seen Miku or anyone else?
Len: Today's my anniversary day, and I'm sure they have some surprise planned for me.
Len: Man, I can't wait to see what sort of celebration party they have in store!
Len: Oh, KAITO! Is the celebration starting?
Len: Everyone's hiding somewhere right now and waiting for a chance to surprise me, right?
KAITO: Huh? Miku didn't tell me anything about that, though?
KAITO: Anyway, since there are already so many people here, why don't you do something to show off how cool you are to them?
Len: Huh? Show them how cool I am?
Len: You all wanna see me doing something cool, huh? Maybe it's time for me to bring out my A game!


2 [mc] mc_bd_2020len_2

(Enter: Len)
(Enter: KAITO)
Len: Don't take your eyes off me 'cause I got this in the bag!


3 [MUSIC] 69: Fragile

4 [mc] mc_bd_2020len_3

(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Len: Thanks, everyone! That was so much fun!
Rin: 1, 2, 3!
Miku: "Happy anniversary, Len!"
Rin: "Happy anniversary, Len!"
Luka: "Happy anniversary, Len!"
MEIKO: "Happy anniversary, Len!"
KAITO: "Happy anniversary, Len!"
Len: Yikes! When did everyone get here?!
Luka: Hehe. We finally got to say it.
MEIKO: Yes. KAITO's strategy worked beautifully!
Rin: If you hadn't been so guarded the whole day, we could've done this so much sooner!
Len: But I was so excited to see how you guys were going to celebrate for me!
Miku: Hehe. We still managed to pull off the surprise celebration, though!
Len: Everyone! Thanks for coming here to celebrate with me today!
Len: I got to sing and celebrate all at once, and that made me super happy!
Len: We have more shows like this coming up soon, so let's all have fun together next time too!
Len: Until then!
