63 White Day Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_2021whiteday_1

(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: Luka)
Saki: Hey Miku and Luka♪
Saki: Oh. Hey, everyone!
Luka: Saki, you seem kind of excited.
Miku (Ln): It's because it's White Day, right?
Saki: DING DING! After this I'll be exchanging friendship chocolates with Ichi and the others♪
Luka: Oh, and by the way, I gave my family some Valentine's chocolates.
Saki: Yeah! I already got the return gifts from my brother and dad! I got so many sweets that I couldn't hold them in both hands!
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
Ichika: Hello. Oh, Saki. I didn't know you were already here.
Saki: Yeah!
Saki: Oh, that's right! I have a return gift for you. I'll give it to you after practice♪
Honami: We've brought ours too, so let's exchange later!
Miku (Ln): By the way. Is the return gift food? Or did you give something else in return?
Shiho: I chose food since it's easier. I went with rusk dipped in chocolate.
Saki: Rusk!? Yay! I love rusk♪
Shiho: Yeah, yeah. Everyone loves sweets.
Saki: Hehe. That is true...
Saki: Hey, hey! Ichi and Hona, what did you do for return gifts?
Ichika: I made madeleines. I had a little help from my mom, though.
Honami: I made iced sugar cookies of everyone's instruments.
Saki: Wow, they both look so good! I was sure that Hona would do apple pie.
Honami: Haha... if it was apple pie, it would be something that only I want to eat.
Shiho: I see. Anyway, what about you, Saki?
Saki: Heh heh heh. I predicted that everyone would give me sweets in return...
Saki: So, I prepared flavored teas that I thought each of you would like!
Saki: So, let's make tea after practice and eat our White Day gifts together♪
Ichika: Agreed. Would you guys also like to join us?
Honami: Oh, yes. Please join us!
Luka: Oh, my. Don't mind if I do.
Miku (Ln): Well, I'll have to find MEIKO later. I'm sure she'll freak out if it's just us eating.
Shiho: Shall we start practicing?
Saki: Oh, hey, hey! As for the first song we're going to practice, can we do "Stella"?
Shiho: Sure, but why?
Saki: Well, I don't really have a specific reason...
Saki: When I was in the hospital, I kept thinking about Valentine's Day and White Day and how I wanted to do it with everyone.
Saki: Since it's finally happened today, I'm so glad that I didn't give up.
Saki: Hehe. So I thought it would be fun to sing with this feeling of "I did it!".
Ichika: I see. Then let's sing "Stella"!
Saki: Yeah! You guys can join in on the fun too if you want!
Saki: Let's go! "Stella"!


2 [MUSIC] 64: Stella

3 [mc] mc_2021whiteday_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: Luka)
Saki: Hey, hey! Wasn't that amazing? What do you guys think?
Shiho: It wasn't so bad but, I need to practice so that I don't keep changing things even after playing 100 times.
Luka: I guess today is going to be as intense as usual.
Miku (Ln): Haha, seems like it.
Ichika: All right, well, let's go all the way.
Honami: Agreed. Besides, we're going to have some fun after practice today.
Saki: Yeah♪ I'm going to work hard for the sweets party♪ Woo!


4 [mc] mc_2021whiteday_3

(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Wow. You guys came to SEKAI again today!
Miku: Hmm...
Miku: Oh, I see! You've been coming to see those girls in SEKAI.
Miku: Hehe. I'm really glad that everyone has been supporting those girls like this.
Miku: That's right! Since it's White Day, I want to express my gratitude to everyone with a song!
Miku: Would you like to hear it?
Miku: Great! I'll sing with all my heart.
Miku: Oh, since it's a special White Day show, let's try to make it a little different, shall we?
(Exit: Miku)
(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Hehe, what do you think?
Miku: Thank you!
Miku: I'm ready to go! Are you ready?
Miku: Let the music begin!


5 [MUSIC] 1: Tell Your World

6 [mc] mc_2021whiteday_4

(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Did you all enjoy that?
Miku: Hehe, I'm glad you enjoyed it!
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
MEIKO: Oh! There you are! Hey, you guys! I found Miku!
Luka: Oh, that's a pretty costume.
Rin: You're right! Miku, did you just sing?
Miku: Yeah. I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who's been supporting the girls.
KAITO: So that's what it was. Did you get through to them?
Miku: I sure did!
MEIKO: I'm glad! Well then, we have to start our own White Day, don't we?
Miku: Our White Day?
Len: KAITO and I prepared some snacks, drinks and the return gifts for Valentine's Day!
Miku: Wow! I can't wait!
Miku: Hey everyone! Thanks for coming to SEKAI today!
Miku: I'm glad that I got to sing and express my gratitude to you all.
Miku: From here onward, I hope you'll continue to support the girls with me.
Miku: Until then!
