75 You deserve it! Break Time! After Show (event_23)

1 [mc] mc_ev_idol_04_1

(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Haruka: Alright. Seems like everything is ready to go for the show.
Shizuku: Oh, Haruka! You're already here?
Haruka: Good afternoon, Shizuku. And yes, I've been restless lately.
Shizuku: Restless?
Haruka: Yes. Since we all hung out the other day, I actually didn't get to do much practicing on my own.
Shizuku: Oh...
Haruka: But then you were saying that "we need to relax", so I thought sometimes it's good to have days like these.
Shizuku: Haruka!
Haruka: But, it seems like I can't relax until I've practiced.
Haruka: If you don't mind, would you like to join me, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes, of course! Let's do it together.
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Airi)
Minori: Oh, Haruka, Shizuku!
Haruka: Minori, Airi!
Airi: You're already here?
Haruka: Yes. We only just arrived.
Shizuku: But, both of you are also here early. Something the matter?
Airi: I don't know... For some reason I really feel like moving my body around.
Minori: Me too! Maybe it's because we were fooling around a lot?
Shizuku: Hehehe. See, taking a breather is very important too.
Haruka: Agreed.
Haruka: Thank you for reminding us, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Huh? Oh, yes! I'm glad that you were all able to relax.
Airi: Alright, since everyone seems to be pumped, let's sing a song!
Minori: Yes, I like that idea!
Shizuku: I'd like to sing with everyone too.
Haruka: Yes, let's! Will you all listen to our song?
Haruka: Thank you!
Haruka: Okay... Here we go!
Minori: "Start the music!"
Haruka: "Start the music!"
Airi: "Start the music!"
Shizuku: "Start the music!"


2 [MUSIC] 10: Happy Synthesizer

3 [mc] mc_ev_idol_04_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Minori: That was fun!
Haruka: I agree. My body feels so much lighter than usual.
(Enter: MEIKO)
MEIKO: That was an amazing show girls!
Shizuku: Oh, MEIKO. You were watching us?
MEIKO: Yeah! Your smiles were so much brighter than usual♪
Minori: Really?! We did it!
MEIKO: You seemed a lot happier too, Haruka♪
Haruka: Thank you, MEIKO.
Haruka: Now I think I understand what you meant when you said that taking a breather was important.
Haruka: I subconsciously thought that it was crucial to constantly work hard in order to keep being an idol...
Haruka: Just by loosening my shoulders a little, I felt lighter and was able to perform better than usual. Now I know the importance of relaxing once in a while.
Haruka: Thanks to Shizuku, I think I understand that now.
Minori: Haruka!
Minori: Haruka! You can always take a breather with me!
Airi: You just want to play around, don't you?
Minori: Th-That's not true!
Haruka: "Hehehe."
Airi: "Hehehe."
Shizuku: "Hehehe."
MEIKO: But I think everyone who came to watch got to see a different side of all of you, right?
Haruka: Is that so?
Haruka: I'm really happy that we were able to deliver a more fun atmosphere than usual at today's show.
Airi: Everyone had a lot of fun, didn't they!
Shizuku: Hehehe, I'm glad. Let's hang out again sometime.
Haruka: Yes, sounds good!
Haruka: We're going to keep working hard so that we can show you an even better version of us, so please come again.
Shizuku: Yes. Thank you for coming today, everyone.
Minori: See you next time! Bye bye!
Haruka: See you!
