83 Awakening Beat After Show (event_28)

1 [mc] mc_ev_street_04_1

(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: MEIKO)
MEIKO: What's this? What are you doing here alone, Miku?
Miku (VBS): Oh, MEIKO... Nothing in particular. I was just thinking about something...
MEIKO: Thinking? Oh, I see. This is about Kohane and the others, right?
MEIKO: The event is probably already over by now, so they should be here anytime soon. Nevertheless...
MEIKO: It's rare to see you waiting for them here. You seem a little restless.
Miku (VBS): That's because we rehearsed together. I want to know how it went.
MEIKO: Hehe, I see. Actually, I'm also really interested to know too. I even asked KAITO to come over so that I could take a walk. Wait, is that...
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
Kohane: Miku! MEIKO!
An: Heya!
Akito: Hello. It's kind of rare to see both of you here...
Toya: Agreed. I thought that at least one of you would be at the cafe.
MEIKO: Hehe, we were curious about how the event went so we left.
Miku (VBS): Judging from the looks of it, you guys won, didn't you?
Kohane: We did!
Kohane: I was able to muster up the courage and believe in myself enough to sing.
MEIKO: Really? That's great, Kohane!
Kohane: Yes! Thank you so much for rehearsing with me.
Miku (VBS): You're welcome, Kohane.
Kohane: I want to give something back as a thank-you...
An: Kohane and I baked cookies! Why don't we all go back to the shop and eat them together?
MEIKO: Sounds lovely. I'll make some good coffee and tea to go with the cookies.
Miku (VBS): Agreed. But before that, could you sing just one more song for us?
Kohane: Huh?
Miku (VBS): You were able to sing with confidence today, right Kohane? I would really like to hear that voice of yours.
MEIKO: That's true. I would love to hear you too.
Kohane: Oh... In that case, I would like to sing with everyone, like at the event.
Kohane: Is that okay?
Toya: Of course. That's fine.
Akito: We already sang there before, so why not?
Kohane: Thank you!
Kohane: In that case... I can do it!
Kohane: I'm ready when you are!
An: ...
Miku (VBS): An? What's wrong? You've gone quiet all of a sudden.
An: Oh... Sorry, sorry. I was just focusing!
An: I'm also ready!
Akito: Looking at who we've got, how about the usual?
Toya: Sounds good. That is our origin song.
Kohane: Yes! Let's sing! Ready Steady!


2 [MUSIC] 54: Ready Steady

3 [mc] mc_ev_street_04_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Kohane: Wow! That felt really good!
MEIKO: That was amazing! I didn't know you could sing like that!
Miku (VBS): Same here. Now that you believe in yourself, you sound incredible.
Kohane: T-Thank you, you two.
Toya: Azusawa's growth this time around has been tremendous. As a member of the same team, I'm feeling inspired too.
Akito: Yeah, same here.
Akito: We all need to keep moving forward too.
An: Yeah, yeah! You worked so hard, Kohane!
An: I'm so glad that you started believing in yourself, Kohane!
Kohane: Hehehe... Thank you.
Kohane: I'm not going to view myself at a lower level than you all anymore. I want to move forward with you all side by side!
An: Yeah! Let's move forward together, Kohane!
Kohane: Thank you for listening too, everyone!
Kohane: I'm... Going to keep giving it my all, so please come and listen to us sing again!
MEIKO: Oh speaking of which, I should be heading back. Especially since I completely left KAITO in charge of the cafe.
Miku (VBS): KAITO is probably getting tired of waiting too.
An: I know! Let's give him some cookies as an apology for making him wait!
Kohane: Sounds good!
Kohane: Alright then, see you next time, everyone!
