93 The Moon Rabbit & Us After Show (event_33)

1 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_11_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Saki: Hey, guys! Did everyone have a fun moon viewing party?
Saki: I had so much fun♪ Tucking into bento and dango outside under the moonlight sky...
Honami: Hehe, sounds like a special evening.
Honami: I also went moon viewing with my family. We may have gone a little overboard on the dango prep though...
Ichika: Honami, the dango you make look so yum.
Ichika: As for me, my family didn't really celebrate, but we did eat dinner and watch the moon together.
Miku (Ln): Sounds like everyone had fun.
Miku (Ln): How about some input from you, Shiho?
Shiho: Ah, sure. I went moon viewing with my sister.
Saki: Ooh! Do tell us more! How was it?
Shiho: How was it? Nothing out of the ordinary...
Shiho: But it did make me feel nostalgic...
Shiho: When we were kids, we would make rabbit-shaped dango and eat them together...
Honami: Rabbit-shaped dango you say?
Ichika: I didn't know you were the kind of person to make something like that...
Saki: Really?! Now you've got my attention! Give me all the deets, Shiho!
Shiho: That's going to have to wait. We've got practice now.
Saki: Whaaat!
Miku (Ln): Alright, fine. You'll get to hear the rest of the story if and only if we make good progress today.
Honami: Hehe, I'm in!
Ichika: Ok, I'm holding you to it, Shiho.
Ichika: Alright, let's get practicing!


2 [MUSIC] 2: ROKI

3 [MUSIC] 89: Color of Drops

4 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_11_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Luka)
Airi: Well, well, well, doesn't someone look awfully chipper today, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Huh?
Haruka: True. You seemed to dance with more flair than usual.
Minori: Yeah! What happened, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Hmm, I think I know what it could possibly be...
Luka: And what would that be?
Shizuku: Hehe. You remember when we went moon viewing together? Well, something wonderful might've happened back then...
Luka: Oh, you mean the moon viewing stream party♪ I really wish I could've made it.
Haruka: Hehe. I wanna try doing it with the others next time.
Airi: What a lovely idea!
Luka: Thank you everyone. I'm sure this'll make Miku and the others so happy♪
Luka: Enjoying rabbit-shaped dango together under a full moon... It can't get any better than that♪
Luka: By the way, Shizuku, you never told us what happened that made you so happy.
Shizuku: Oh. As it so happened, Shii got back just as the stream ended, so she joined us for a moon viewing party.
Shizuku: That night, she told me, "You've given me so much too".
Shizuku: When she said that, strangely enough, my body started to loosen up and feel lighter.
Shizuku: I felt like I gained more confidence as an idol.
Haruka: Oh, I see...
Airi: It seems like that extra confidence is starting to show in your performances.
Luka: I agree. Your singing and dancing are such a pleasure to witness♪
Luka: I wouldn't be surprised if this makes your fans warm up to you even more.
Shizuku: Really? You think so...?
Shizuku: If so, I'd be so happy.
Shizuku: Everyone, thank you for coming to see us again! I hope you all had fun moon viewing!
Shizuku: When I'm watching the moon with someone special to me, I feel like somehow we can sense each other's feelings.
Shizuku: I hope that you all get the chance someday to go moon viewing with someone special to you.
Haruka: We're also planning to go moon viewing together again.
Haruka: We hope you can come join us.
Airi: Everyone gazing upon the same night sky on the same night... How picturesque!
Minori: Yeah! It's as if everyone's connected. How exciting!
Luka: Hehe. So, you all promise you'll be there?
Shizuku: I'm really looking forward to it!
Shizuku: We'll meet again someday under the same night sky. Until next time!
