94 Emu's Birthday Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021emu_1

(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
Emu: Hey, hey♪
Miku (WxS): Hey, hey♪
Emu: Hehehe. Doing a show with Miku sure is fun☆
Miku (WxS): I'm having a lot of fun too☆
Miku (WxS): Besides, today's your birthday, Emu. So let's do lots of shows!
Emu: Yeah♪ Let's do it♪
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: Hehe. I was wondering why it was so lively here.
KAITO: Hey everyone! Seems like Emu is already here!
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Emu: Oh! KAITO, Tsukasa... You're all here!
KAITO: Hello Emu.
Tsukasa: You came a lot earlier than we expected. Weren't you supposed to be out with your family?
Nene: Yes. You were finally able to go shopping with your sister too. Why didn't you take your time?
Emu: Hehehe. It's fine! We hung out all morning♪
Emu: We went to so many places for yummy food and snacks that I thought my stomach would turn into a tanuki!
Nene: T-Tanuki?
Miku (WxS): Hahaha☆ Your stomach would've burst♪
Rui: Hehe. Well as long as you had a lot of fun. Especially since it's your birthday today.
Emu: Yeah!
Emu: Hey, we're performing a show of my choice today, right?!
Tsukasa: Of course! We've already done our preparation so we're ready to go anytime.
Nene: Assuming that your stomach isn't going to burst anytime soon though.
Miku (WxS): Aren't you really full right now, Emu?
Emu: I'm fine! I already danced with Miku earlier!
Rui: That's good. So Emu, what kind of show do you want to do?
Emu: Hehehe♪
Emu: So, what do you think?
Tsukasa: I don't mind, but there are more shows where you can do the main part, you know?
Emu: But that one's soooooooo much fun. I want to do it☆
Nene: Well, if that's what the birthday girl wants, then why not?
Rui: You're right. Then, we're good to go anytime.
Emu: Thanks, you guys! Are you ready to go too, KAITO?
KAITO: Of course! Let's make this the best show we've ever done, Emu.
Emu: Yeah!
Tsukasa: Alright! Let's do this! Emu, I'll leave the opening to you!
Emu: Yay!!
Emu: Hey everyone! Thanks for coming today♪
Emu: I hope you all sing and dance along with me, it would really make this birthday so much more fun♪
Emu: Well then, let's put some smiles on your faces♪
Emu: Let's go! Tondemo-Wonderz!


2 [MUSIC] 127: Tondemo-Wonderz

3 [mc] mc_bd_2021emu_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: KAITO)
Tsukasa: Well then, happy birthday again!
Tsukasa: Happy Birthday, Emu!
Nene: "Happy birthday!"
Rui: "Happy birthday!"
KAITO: "Happy birthday!"
Miku (WxS): Happy birthday♪
Emu: Hehehe, thank you!
Emu: Thank you, everyone!
Tsukasa: Today is all about you. There's no way this is enough, right? What do you want to do next?
Emu: Thanks, Tsukasa! But, I'm so full right now!
Tsukasa: What?!
Nene: Are you serious?! I thought for sure you'd say you'd want to do this all day.
Rui: Wait, were you feeling full this whole time?
Emu: No, no! We sang and danced lots so I'm pretty hungry now!
Miku (WxS): Huh? How does that work?
KAITO: Oh, I see... Rather than her stomach, I think she means that her heart is full.
Emu: Oh! Yeah, that's what I meant!
Emu: When I was singing with you guys earlier, it brought back so many memories.
Emu: Like the time when we started performing shows together, or when we talked about Phoenix Wonderland on the Ferris wheel...
Nene: Emu...
Emu: I felt so lost trying to tackle everything by myself, but then you all reassured me that it was okay for me to rely on you...
Emu: You helped me think up a plan, and even persuaded Sakurako and the other cast members to join in too.
Emu: It was thanks to all of you that Phoenix Wonderland can still remain as "a place that makes everyone smile" forever and ever.
Emu: Hehehe. Thinking about it made me fill up with all kinds of emotions.
Rui: That's true. A lot happened.
Tsukasa: Well, there's one thing I'd like to ask.
Emu: Huh? What is it?
Tsukasa: About the show just now... did you have fun?
Emu: Oh! Yeah, it was super fun!
Tsukasa: That's good then!
Miku (WxS): Great! That means it's time for the party♪
KAITO: You're right. I'm sure MEIKO and the others have it all ready for us. Let's all go together, shall we?
Tsukasa: Yes, let's. But before that... Emu, you know what to do right?
Emu: Yup!
Emu: Hey everyone! Thank you for celebrating my birthday with me!
Emu: Hehehe. Since I saw a lot of smiles from everyone here today, next time, I'll be the one to bring the smiles to everyone's faces!
Emu: See you later! Bye bye!
Miku (WxS): The party is over here, you guys!
Emu: Be right there! I'm starving!
Nene: Hehe. Make sure to not eat too much, otherwise, you'll really turn into a tanuki.
Rui: But at least for today, it's alright to loosen up.
Tsukasa: Even though she's usually always off the hook.
Tsukasa: Well, as they say, eat in moderation.
