95 A Bright Future!! After Show (event_34)

1 [mc] mc_ev_band_05_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: KAITO)
Saki: Oh, there he is! KAITO! Over here!
Ichika: Phew. So this is where you were.
KAITO: Hey everyone... Something the matter?
Miku (Ln): Ichika and the others said they're going to announce their first show.
KAITO: Oh I see. Well then, let's get everyone together-
Ichika: Wait, just before you do...
KAITO: What's up?
Ichika: KAITO, I just want to say thank you for looking over my lyrics back then.
Ichika: Looking back, I realize now just how little faith I had in myself.
Ichika: I couldn't bring myself to believe in my own lyrics and felt pretty lost.
Saki: Seriously?! Ichi, I had no idea!
Honami: But your lyrics are so good. Ichika... I can't believe you felt that way.
Ichika: Well, things are looking a lot better for me now. I managed to improve my lyrics because I was determined to get better at sharing my feelings.
Ichika: ...and because we wrote a song together and our fans loved it.
Ichika: So from here on out, I'm going to shake off the nerves and share my feelings with confidence!
KAITO: Nicely said.
Miku (Ln): Looks like what KAITO said turned out to be true.
KAITO: I guess so.
Shiho: Huh? Wait, what am I missing?
Miku (Ln): He once told me that he thinks you guys have managed to open a new door of opportunities.
Ichika: Oh... I see...
Saki: Yeah! We totally did!
Honami: KAITO's also been rooting for us. How lovely.
KAITO: Hey, Ichika, can I ask a favor?
Ichika: What is it?
KAITO: I want you guys to sing for me.
KAITO: Now that you've opened a new door, what does the first song of your new journey sound like? I'd love to hear it.
Ichika: KAITO...
Ichika: Oh, I know!
Ichika: Let's do this, everyone!


2 [MUSIC] 3: Teo

3 [mc] mc_ev_band_05_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: Wow. I could really feel the emotion in your performance.
KAITO: Thank you for sharing it with me.
Miku (Ln): I'm glad I could join in too.
Ichika: Thank you! I'm glad you felt that way...
Miku (Ln): Do you guys have a date set for your next show?
Ichika: Not yet, but we're thinking of doing it soon.
Saki: We'll make sure to step our game up to make the audience go reeeaaal wild!
Shiho: Looks like we're gonna have to pull out all the stops for our upcoming rehearsals.
Saki: P-please, M-Miss Shiho... Go easy on us...
Honami: Hehe. How about we get straight to it?
Ichika: Sounds like a plan.
Ichika: Thank you everyone for all your support today!
Ichika: We've still got a lot to learn, but we'd be more than happy to see you here again to support us next time!
Shiho: We promise to deliver an even better performance next time!
Honami: See you next time!
Saki: Bye bye!
