102 Honami's Birthday Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021honami_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Honami: Hello everyone. Thank you for coming to see us perform today.
Honami: We're going to perform with our all, so we hope you enjoy it until the very end.
Honami: Um... Did that greeting sound okay?
Miku (Ln): Hmm... I think as a greeting for our band's performance, it's a little stiff, don't you think?
Shiho: Yeah, I think you can be a little more casual. That way, the audience can feel a little more relaxed and get into it easier too.
Honami: Oh, I-I see... Then, let me try again!
Honami: H-Hey, everyone! Thanks for coming to our show today!
Honami: Hope you have fun until the very end!
Saki: Oh! Look at that, everyone's fired up!
Honami: I'm glad! I guess that's good for the greetings, right?
Shiho: Alright, all that's left is the show, huh?
Honami: Yup!
Honami: The song we will be playing today is one you've heard before.
Honami: At that time, I was in charge of getting the class together for the choir recital, and it was when I also started to have a little more confidence in myself...
Honami: But this time, I don't want to just give a performance, but give one that will also touch someone's heart.
Miku (Ln): And so that all four of us can become professionals, too.
Honami: Yeah!
Honami: Since we started to aim to go pro, I feel like I'm becoming more aware a little bit at a time.
Honami: That's why I'm going to drum with everything I have so that we can give you a performance only we're capable of!
Saki: Whoa! You're so cool, Hona!
Shiho: Alright, let's do it!
Ichika: Yes. Are you ready, Honami?
Honami: I sure am!
Honami: We hope you enjoy it!


2 [MUSIC] 75: Tale of the Deep-sea Lily

3 [mc] mc_bd_2021honami_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Honami: Thank you for listening, everyone!
Honami: I have a good feeling that our feelings came through our song, but... What did you all think?
Honami: Oh...
Miku (Ln): Seems like it really got through.
Honami: Yes!
Honami: Everyone... Thank you for...
Saki: Ah! Hona! Stop! Stop!
Honami: Huh?
Saki: C'mon! We can't end the show without wishing you a happy birthday!
Saki: Besides, everyone came all the way to celebrate your birthday, you know!
Ichika: Alright, then how about we all do the honors? Are you all ready, everyone?
Honami: Oh dear, you're embarrassing me...
Shiho: Even though you just said that you'll show everyone your newfound confidence?
Honami: Oh! But I was talking about performing, so this is a little different...
Saki: Hahaha! Alright, everybody! Let's wish Hona a happy birthday and make her blush even more♪
Ichika: Hehe, yeah!
Saki: Here we go!
Saki: Happy birthday, Hona!
Ichika: "Happy birthday!"
Shiho: "Happy birthday!"
Miku (Ln): "Happy birthday!"
Honami: Oh! Thank you, everyone!
Saki: We're not done yet!
Honami: Huh, Saki?!
Saki: Happy birthday, Hona!
Saki: More! Keep going! Put more of your heart, soul, and feelings into it!
Ichika: Honami, happy birthday!
Honami: Saki! And you too, Ichika! T-This is more than enough!
Honami: Eeepp... M-My face feels so hot...
Miku (Ln): You're really good at pumping up the crowd, Saki.
Shiho: That's because she's always in the right mood.
Ichika: Not to mention that you've been really looking forward to Honami's birthday since last month, right?
Miku (Ln): That far back?
Saki: That's because it only happens once a year, you know? We've got to celebrate as much as we can!
Honami: Saki...
Honami: Hehe, thank you.
Honami: It makes me so happy that you're all able to celebrate with me!
Saki: Hehe♪I'm glad you like it!
Honami: Thank you for coming to celebrate with me today too, everyone!
Honami: I'm going to keep working hard so that I can deliver performances with more confidence!
Honami: So please continue to support us!
