103 Halloween Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_2021halloween_1

(Enter: Luka)
Luka: Welcome, everyone. Are you all enjoying Halloween?
Luka: I see. I'm glad. Well then, I think I might join in the fun with you all as well.
Luka: ...Oh? Were you all interested in what costume I'll be wearing?
Luka: Well, perhaps... Hehe, that's something for you all to look forward to.
Luka: Oh, that's right. While we wait for Miku and the others to get here, would you like to take a quick peek at another SEKAI?
Luka: Seems like you are all curious too. In that case, there's no time to waste.


2 [mc] mc_2021halloween_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
Toya: I see that everyone here is dressed.
Kohane: We sure are. I'm excited about the Halloween party later.
Rin: Same here! We did practice a lot for this too!
Akito: I thought we were gonna sing at an event or something, not be the entertainment for a party.
An: Aww, come on! This'll totally hype up the Halloween party!
Toya: More importantly, if we can get Miku and the others to listen and give us feedback, then we can apply it at practice later.
Kohane: Hehe. Two birds with one stone!
Akito: Yeah, I guess.
Luka: Heeeeey you guys!
Rin: Oh, Luka! I didn't know you were nearby!
Luka: I was just passing. Besides, it's Halloween, right? I wanted to join in the fun too!
Luka: You're all even dressed up! You guys look great! Are you gonna perform or something?
Kohane: Yes. We're going to have a Halloween party later, so we will be performing for everyone there.
Rin: Oh. Rather than rehearsing, I was actually thinking we should sing a song instead. Wanna watch?
Rin: Besides, look!
Rin: Heeey! Can you guys hear us?
Akito: Whoa, it got crowded all of a sudden huh?
Toya: It sure did. Are you all here to celebrate Halloween with us too, everyone?
An: Haha, I guess you were right about that! Looks like we'll have to entertain them with our song!
Luka: Then, I think I'll join the audience and let myself be entertained too.
Kohane: Okay!
Kohane: Alright, let's go!


3 [MUSIC] 133: Devil's Manner

4 [mc] mc_2021halloween_3

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
Luka: You guys were amazing! That had a dark, but nice feel to it too!
Toya: Thank you, Luka.
Toya: I think we're really starting to get better at singing these kinds of songs.
Akito: Yeah. We've got a slightly wider scope for our performances now.
An: Sure do!
An: Did you all have a fun time, everyone?
Kohane: Hehe, that's good. I'm glad you all enjoyed it.
Rin: Alright! Let's go show this to Miku and the others!
Kohane: "Yeah!"
An: "Yeah!"
Akito: "Yeah!"
Toya: "Yeah!"


5 [mc] mc_2021halloween_4

(Enter: Luka)
Luka: I'm back. Hehe, that was an amazing show, wasn't it?
Luka: All that's left is our own party. I think Miku and the others should be here soon, though...
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
Len: Oh, Luka! We found you!
Rin: "Trick or treat!"
Len: "Trick or treat!"
Luka: Oh dear... I'm in trouble... I don't have any snacks right now.
Rin: So that means, we can play tricks on you all we want!
Luka: I guess that would be the case.
Luka: Oh. How about I give you plenty of snacks later in exchange for you two to not play tricks on me?
Len: Whaaaaat. That was an option?
Rin: But, if she's going to give us a LOT of snacks, then maybe we should take the offer?
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
MEIKO: Oh, Rin, Len. You two are already here.
Miku: Sorry for keeping you waiting too, Luka.
Luka: It's alright. I've just returned from checking SEKAI with everyone here anyway.
KAITO: I see. Are the others having a fun Halloween?
Luka: Yes. They were all dressed up and getting ready to sing at their Halloween party.
Len: Oh, how nice! Let's do that too!
Rin: Yeah! Can we, can we?!
Luka: In that case, just like the others in SEKAI, how about we get everyone to listen to a song that we've been working on?
MEIKO: That's a great idea! That song would be perfect for this too!
KAITO: Oh, you mean that song you've all been practicing? That's right, I don't think we've performed that song to everyone here yet.
Miku: Great! Then it's settled!
Luka: Alright, then let's get changed and perform, shall we?
Luka: Please join in the fun too, everyone. Well then, here we go!


6 [MUSIC] 8: Time Machine

7 [mc] mc_2021halloween_5

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Luka: Did you all have a fun time, everyone?
MEIKO: That's good! Seems like they enjoyed it!
Rin: We did it, Len!
Len: Yeah!
Rin: "Yay!"
Len: "Yay!"
KAITO: Good work, everyone! Seems like your practice really paid off.
Miku: Thanks! But it wasn't very Halloween-y, now that I think about it.
MEIKO: But, everyone had a good time, so I think this works too, don't you think?
Luka: That's true.
Luka: Even though it was only for a short time, I had a lot of fun with you all.
Luka: While we still have some time, let's all enjoy Halloween to the fullest. Oh, but make sure to bring some snacks too, okay?
Len: That's right, Luka. Don't forget to give us the snacks you promised in exchange for no pranks!
Luka: Yes, of course. I don't have snacks with me right now, but I actually prepared a lot of them just for today.
Rin: Really?! I can't wait.
Luka: Hehe. Well then, everyone...
Miku: "Happy Halloween!"
Rin: "Happy Halloween!"
Len: "Happy Halloween!"
Luka: "Happy Halloween!"
MEIKO: "Happy Halloween!"
KAITO: "Happy Halloween!"
Luka: See you next time!
