111 MORE MORE Making Christmas After Show (event_43)

1 [mc] mc_ev_idol_06_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: KAITO)
Minori: Then, they gave us this really big bouquet! I was so moved that...!
Minori: *Sob*... My nose started running!
Airi: You didn't have to mention the runny nose, you know? But I guess that's just you being you, Minori...
Shizuku: Hehe. Here's a handkerchief, Minori.
Minori: Thank you, Shizuku!!
KAITO: Sounds like it was a great event. I'm glad it turned out so well!
Miku (MMJ): Congratulations, everyone!
Haruka: Thank you, KAITO, Miku.
Haruka: KAITO... If you hadn't told me about what it feels like to be a fan, I don't think I would've ever asked them for their help.
Haruka: So, thank you very much.
KAITO: Oh, you don't need to thank me. All I did was tell you what I knew as an idol and a manager.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. You really are someone we can all count on, KAITO!
Miku (MMJ): You've helped us out so much since you arrived.
Minori: Really?
Miku (MMJ): Yeah! Like fetching Rin a cold towel when she was tired or picking the best show outfits for us, and...
Miku (MMJ): Teaching us a lot of things about being idols♪
Minori: Oh, I had no idea...!
Shizuku: The fact that you can juggle being an idol and a manager is really quite amazing.
KAITO: Haha. You're making me blush.
Airi: Speaking of which, what sort of things has KAITO taught you?
Miku (MMJ): A lot of things, but... Oh! He taught us how to put on cool and interesting performances!
Airi: Hold on. Interesting performances...?
KAITO: Haha. Well, I've done a lot of things to get to where I am now...
Airi: I guess this is one way to get to know you better...
Haruka: Hehe. I'm happy that we all get to learn a lot from KAITO from here onward.
KAITO: Likewise! I'm looking forward to working with all of you, and I'm hoping that we get to do some amazing performances together!
Minori: Yes, let's!
Airi: Having someone like KAITO around to help us put shows together does make a huge difference.
Shizuku: Yes. It's much easier to go on stage knowing that someone's there to support us if anything were to happen.
Miku (MMJ): I agree. You feel like you can give it your all since there's someone there ready to catch you if you fall.
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: Oh, speaking of support...
Minori: I think we were able to pull off the event thanks to all of you here in SEKAI!
Minori: If it weren't for you guys, I probably would've been too nervous to sing in front of our fans...
Haruka: I feel the same...
Haruka: It's because all of you were there to support us that we were able to come this far.
Haruka: Thank you, everyone.
Airi: Oh, I know! Why don't we show just how much we appreciate them with a show?
Shizuku: Hehe. That sounds lovely, Airi! I'd love that.
Shizuku: It'd be wonderful to have everyone here to experience what we were able to achieve during our event.
Airi: That was my plan exactly!
KAITO: In that case, I think I'll watch you all from backstage.
Haruka: What should we sing?
Minori: Oh, I have a suggestion! There's one song I really want to do!
Miku (MMJ): You have one already?! Which one?
Minori: The one that was born from our feelings!
Minori: Newly Edgy Idols!!
Airi: Going back to our roots, huh? Not bad. That actually sounds kinda nice!
Shizuku: Yes, I think so too! Let's sing it with all our heart♪
Haruka: Agreed! A performance that shows our gratitude for everyone here!
Minori: Yeah! Let's go!!
Minori: Newly Edgy Idols!!


2 [MUSIC] 57: Newly Edgy Idols

3 [mc] mc_ev_idol_06_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: KAITO)
Minori: Hey, everyone! Thank you, so, so much!!
Minori: We were able to come this far because of your support!!
Haruka: Thank you so much, everyone!
Airi: A lot of things did happen along the way, but we found a way to take another big step...!
Shizuku: And we hope that you'll continue to support us!
KAITO: *Sob* These moments... I just can't help it...
KAITO: That moment when idols and fans all come together...! It truly is the best feeling...
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. You're such a crybaby, KAITO
Miku (MMJ): Minori!
Minori: Hm? Yes, Miku?
Miku (MMJ): Congratulations! I think it's so amazing that you were able to put together an event with your fans.
Miku (MMJ): As fellow idols, let's keep working hard together alongside them!
Minori: Of course!! Thanks, Miku!!
Minori: I...!! I can't wait to see what our next event's like!!
Airi: Hehe. I totally get how you feel! Once you start, the fun don't stop, right?
Shizuku: And it's so wonderful to see everyone's bright smiles at an event.
Haruka: Well, I guess that means we need to start preparing for our next one.
Haruka: Are you ready, Minori?
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: Just gotta keep trying more and more...! More and more and more and mooore!!
Minori: Get ready for another amazing show, you guys!!
