115 Rin's Anniversary Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021rin_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Hey everyone! Thank you for coming to my anniversary fan meeting!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Fan meetings are so nice! It's such a great way to have fun with those who came.
Airi: I agree. We're counting on all of your support today!
Shizuku: Let us know if there is anything you want to do, Rin.
Rin: Really? In that case, there is a song I'd like to sing. Would you all sing with me?
Haruka: Of course. What song did you want to sing?
Rin: Hehehe, get ready for the grand reveal! The song that I want to sing right now is...
Rin: Angel's Clover!
Minori: What?! B-But that song... Will put me in the center and not you, Rin.
Rin: Minori. Do you remember the time you sang Angel's Clover in SEKAI?
Rin: You said, "If someone needs me, I want to sing so that I can reach that person. Even if it's just a little bit, I want to spread hope." Didn't you?
Minori: Y-Yes, but... I thought that was all I was capable of doing...
Rin: Yes, exactly! The thing is, I was thinking about what it is that only I'm capable of bringing to the group...
Rin: I already talked to you about this, Minori, but I can't dance or sing perfectly like Miku, or the others...
Rin: But, I know that I'm really good at making each and every fan feel special! And then I realized that's the thing that only I'm capable of doing and I need to own it.
Rin: That's why I want to sing Angel's Clover with those feelings in mind!
Minori: Rin...
Minori: Alright, got it! Then I'll sing with my all too!
Airi: Hey, hey. It's not fair to hog all of the fun between the two of you.
Shizuku: We want to sing along to show our support for you too, Rin.
Haruka: Let's make this the best show ever, Rin.
Rin: Yeah!
Miku (MMJ): Good luck, Rin! I believe in you♪
Rin: Thank you, Miku! Let's do this!
Rin: Feel free to join in on the fun too, everyone! Let's go! Start the music!


2 [MUSIC] 112: Angel's Clover

3 [mc] mc_bd_2021rin_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Rin)
Miku (MMJ): That was amazing, Rin! I think your feelings really got through to the fans!
Rin: Hehe. I'm glad!
Rin: Let's both cherish the things that only we're capable of doing, Minori!
Minori: Yeah!
Rin: Thank you for coming today too, everyone! Promise you'll definitely come see us perform again!
Haruka: Oh, by the way, Len's fan meeting is about to start soon, so we should probably quickly wrap this up.
Rin: Huh?! That much time has passed already?! Oh no! We've got to hurry!
Rin: We'll see you later, everyone!


4 [mc] mc_bd_2021rin_3

(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Ah! Hey everyone! Did you all go to celebrate the anniversary of the SEKAI version of me?
Rin: Hehehe. I went to check out the fan meeting too!
Rin: Having a goal and singing with it in mind on your anniversary is pretty cool, huh? *Sigh*... How nice...
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Luka: I guess the reason why we didn't see you after the party was because you were in the others' SEKAI this whole time, weren't you?
Rin: Yeah. I wanted to see how the SEKAI version of me was celebrating their anniversary.
MEIKO: And? How was it?
Rin: Oh, let me tell you! The SEKAI version of me was singing and dancing like she was going to do her best so she wouldn't lose to the others in SEKAI. She was so cool!
Rin: And then... Well... I kind of have a favor to ask all of you...
KAITO: Could it be that you want to sing or something?
Rin: Hehehe. Is that okay?
Rin: I just want to sing to express this desire to continue spreading many more songs to everyone out there...
Miku: Well, in that case, we would love to celebrate by singing with you too.
MEIKO: Count me in! How about it, Rin?
Rin: Yeah! I want to sing with everyone too!
Len: Well then, I'll be cheering you on together with the audience!
KAITO: Oh, good idea!
Luka: Let's get the whole room excited and in on the fun.
Rin: You guys... Thank you!
Rin: For you all in the audience, please join in the fun too! Alright... Let's go!


5 [MUSIC] 71: Patchwork Staccato

6 [mc] mc_bd_2021rin_4

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Luka: Since everyone is already fired up, I think it's about time we celebrate.
Luka: Happy anniversary, Rin!
Miku: "Happy anniversary!"
MEIKO: "Happy anniversary!"
KAITO: "Happy anniversary!"
Len: "Happy anniversary!"
Rin: Thank you!
Rin: Thank you to you all too, everyone!
Rin: Singing on your anniversary is always a little different, isn't it?
Len: I wonder if it's because people congratulate you and take the time to celebrate with you too?
Rin: I think that's it! It makes me want to deliver lots of songs in return for all the fun I got from everyone celebrating with me!
Len: Nice!
Rin: Hey everyone! Thank you for coming to celebrate with me!
Rin: I'm going to keep singing songs and I hope it continues to reach you all!
Rin: Can't wait to see you all again in SEKAI! Bye bye!
