125 Popping in My Heart! After Show (event_46)

1 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_07_1

(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Emu: Alright! Let's do this, Miku!
Miku (WxS): Yeah♪ Let's do it!
MEIKO: You got this!
Emu: Hello everyone!
Miku (WxS): Hello♪ It's me, Miku!
Emu: And I'm Emu!
Miku (WxS): Um... What was next again?
Emu: It's that thing, Miku! You know, that thing?!
Miku (WxS): Oh, yeah! That thing!
Miku (WxS): Repeat after Emu!
Emu: Wonderhoy!!
MEIKO: Hahaha!
Miku (WxS): Wow! Seems like it got through to everyone!
Emu: Woohoo! Next is...
Emu: Everybody say, "Wonderhoy!"
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Tsukasa: What are you all doing?!
MEIKO: Hey there! Welcome!
Emu: Hi, you guys! Miku and I were just practicing doing a show in English. How'd we do?
Rui: Hehe. I think you really made an impression on the crowd.
Nene: It sounded more like one of those concerts you see abroad as opposed to a show, but it seemed fine...
Miku (WxS): Hehehe♪ We did it, Emu!
Emu: Yeah! Thanks, Miku♪
Tsukasa: Hold on a second... Why were you practicing doing a show in English?
Emu: Well, if we start using English more, then we'd be able to make even more people smile, right?
Emu: Also, I still think Grandpa's dream of "wanting everyone around the world to smile" is really amazing!
Emu: That's why I decided to do everything I can to honor that!
Tsukasa: I see... So that's what this is about. In that case, I understand.
Emu: Would it be super amazing if we could make everyone around the world smile♪
Miku (WxS): Yeah♪
Rui: Hehe. Looks like Emu's back to being her usual self...
Nene: Yeah, things just wouldn't feel right otherwise.
Nene: Seeing her so wound up while pondering over the practical side of things just didn't seem right.
Tsukasa: We have Mr. Riley and his wonderful advice to thank for that. I know! I'll send him a letter expressing our gratitude! In English!
Nene: Seriously? You think you can write a letter like that? With your miserable skills?
Tsukasa: Why are you looking at me as though it's an impossible feat?!
Nene: Remember? "Dance! And! Sing!" Why don't we have Rui write it instead? That way, we'll actually be able to communicate how we really feel.
Rui: Well, I think it'd be good practice for Tsukasa if he wrote the letter himself...
Rui: Ah, why don't we do this? Tsukasa, you write the actual letter and I'll edit it if I notice any mistakes.
Tsukasa: Yes, that would be great!
Rui: And for each mistake you do make, you'll get to help me out with some new and slightly dangerous stunts.
Rui: That way, you'll be forced to make certain that there are absolutely no spelling or grammatical mistakes.
Tsukasa: Hmm... I have a bad feeling about this, but that's also not a terrible offer...
Rui: Yes. Fire dancing is absolutely wonderful.
Tsukasa: This better not be some kind of ploy to get me to do crazy stunts...!
Rui: Hehe. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't.
Nene: *Sigh* Why does sending a simple letter to Mr. Riley have to be such a challenge...?
Emu: Hmm? What's up, you guys? Is something fun happening?
Rui: If you're willing to wait a little, your patience will be rewarded rather handsomely.
Tsukasa: There aren't going to be any mistakes!
Nene: Yeah, says you.
Nene: We were just talking about sending a thank-you letter to Mr. Riley. Is there anything that you want to tell him, Emu?
Emu: Ohh! A letter sounds fun! I wanna say...
Emu: Thanks to you, Mr. Riley, I'm all smiles again!
Emu: I also promise to figure out a way to balance my dreams with reality, while also working really hard to make everyone smile!
Emu: That's what I want to tell him!
Miku (WxS): Hehehe♪ That's such a smiley and cheerful message!
Emu: Yup! Oh, that reminds me...!
Emu: I wanna sing a song that puts a smile on everyone's faces with you guys!
Tsukasa: A song that puts a smile on everyone's faces?
Emu: Yeah! Let's all sing together♪
Nene: I don't see why not? I feel like singing too.
Rui: Yes, me too.
Tsukasa: In that case, let's do it!
Emu: Everyone, feel free to sing along!
Emu: Theme of Niccori Survey Team


2 [MUSIC] 178: Theme of Niccori Survey Team

3 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_07_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Emu: Wooow! So many smiles!
Miku (WxS): You did it, Emu!
MEIKO: Hehe. Great work.
Emu: Hehehe. I'm so happy...! I really love the way you all smile!
Tsukasa: I can see why. It's as if anything becomes possible when it means everyone's smiling in the end!
Rui: Then, I guess we'll need to put in more work to ensure that we can make as many people as we can smile.
Nene: Shall we think about our next show?
Emu: Yeah! I... Feel so...
Emu: POP POW FWOOM BA-BA-BAAAAAM!
Tsukasa: I see. So you're more fired up than usual.
Emu: I know there are a lot of things we need to think about, like what we're capable of or if we even have the means to pull it off, but...
Emu: It's gonna be an absolutely, ultra-wonderhoy show!
Tsukasa: "Yes!" "Yeah!"
Nene: "Yes!" "Yeah!"
Rui: "Yes!" "Yeah!"
Emu: We're gonna be putting on an even more wonderhoy show, so stay tuned, everyone!
Miku (WxS): Stay tuned!
Emu: Alright, let's finish with... Won-won...
Tsukasa: "Wonderhoy!"
Emu: "Wonderhoy!"
Nene: "Wonderhoy!"
Rui: "Wonderhoy!"
Emu: Hehehe♪ Thank you!
Emu: See you later, everyone!!
