136 Kohane's Birthday Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022kohane_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: Len)
Kohane: Huff... Huff... How was that?
Len: That was so amazing! Compared to last time, it was more... How do I put it...?
Miku (VBS): I felt like you were able to capture all of that song's fine nuances.
Len: Yeah! Not only were you able to control your power and modulate your voice well, but you also sang like it was the best feeling in the world!
Kohane: Thanks! Hehe. I guess this means my practices with Taiga have been paying off.
Len: I still can't believe you're practicing on your birthday. Your work ethic's admirable, but I feel like you should be resting.
Kohane: You think so? I practice every day, so not practicing feels a bit unnatural at this point...
Len: I guess that just means practicing's really become a part of your routine.
Miku (VBS): I think that's a good thing. It's like living in harmony with music.
Kohane: Living in harmony with music...?
Miku (VBS): Yeah. I mean, can you imagine yourself not being involved in music or singing now?
Kohane: Oh... Hehe. I think you're right! It's like I'm always thinking about singing, practicing or events and stuff now!
(Enter: An)
An: There you are, Kohane!
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
Akito: Hey, Miku, Len. We didn't realize you were here too.
Kohane: Yeah, I asked them to watch me practice.
Toya: So you were practicing on your own, Azusawa?
Kohane: Wait, does that mean you guys were too?
An: Yeah. I practiced some at home.
Toya: I walked by the park and happened to see Akito there, so we decided to practice singing a little.
Len: Haha! It's like you're all on the same wavelength!
Kohane: To be fair, you guys have a lot more experience "living in harmony with music" than I do.
An: Hm? Living in harmony with music?! That sounds really cool!
Miku (VBS): It's just a nice way of saying that we're driven by music and can't live without it.
Akito: Oh...?
Kohane: By the way... Since we're all here, can I ask you guys for a favor?
Toya: A favor?
Kohane: Yeah. So, I know that the four of us aren't scheduled to practice together today, but I want to sing with you guys.
Kohane: The thing I just mentioned about "living in harmony with music" is part of it, but...
Kohane: Singing with all of you, An, Shinonome, Aoyagi, is just as important to me...
Kohane: That's why I want to sing a song that shows just how determined I am. I want to show that I'm gonna keep working really hard.
An: Kohaneee!! I can't live without you either!
An: Alright, let's sing! Right now! Akito, Toya, you both good to go?
Toya: Yes, we're ready.
Kohane: Really?!
Akito: There's no reason not to. Besides, if not here, I'll just be singing somewhere else like I usually do.
Kohane: Okay...!
Len: Kohane! I wanna sing with you guys too! I wanna feel everyone's thoughts and emotions again!
Kohane: Of course! You're welcome to join us!
Miku (VBS): Alright, I'll be listening attentively. Not just for what you're all feeling, but also for your determination.
Kohane: Yeah!
Kohane: Breathe in... Breathe out...
Kohane: Alright, here we go! Flyer!


2 [MUSIC] 182: Flyer!

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022kohane_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: Len)
Kohane: An, Shinonome, Aoyagi, Len, thank you all for singing with me.
Len: No, thank you for letting us sing with you! Everything "just clicked", you know? It was an absolutely incredible feeling!
Miku (VBS): I agree. It was an amazing performance. I could sense exactly what you were all feeling alongside your determination.
Miku (VBS): And I think everyone else who came to listen could feel it too.
Kohane: What? Whoa! You're right!
Akito: Aren't they all here to celebrate your birthday?
Toya: I'm sure that's definitely the case.
An: Well, since we're all here, let's celebrate together!
An: Alright, you guys ready? One, two...!
An: Happy birthday, Kohane!
Len: "Happy birthday!"
Akito: "Happy birthday!"
Toya: "Happy birthday!"
Miku (VBS): "Happy birthday!"
Kohane: Thank you so much...!
Kohane: And thank you all for joining us here!
Kohane: That thought crossed my mind again while singing with the others just now... I really can't imagine a life without music anymore.
Kohane: That's why I'm gonna work extra hard to make sure I get to keep singing forever and ever with An and everyone else.
Toya: As teammates, we're not about to let you leave us behind.
Akito: Yeah, we can't let that happen.
An: You can say that again! I can't wait to do more amazing stuff with you, Kohane!
Kohane: Me too!
Kohane: Thank you for wishing me a happy birthday, everyone. Please do come again!
Len: Bye bye!
