151 THE POWER OF UNITY After Show (event_59)

1 [mc] mc_ev_street_08_1

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: *Sigh* It's such nice weather today!
MEIKO: It really is great weather for a stroll. Thank you for inviting me out, KAITO.
KAITO: You're welcome! I could tell you were looking pretty tired moving stuff around the cafe for the event.
MEIKO: Hehe. You really do have a sharp eye for these things, don't you? I mean, you did the same with Akito and the others too.
KAITO: Huh?
MEIKO: When we were busy preparing, you gave them some advice, right? Thank you for doing that!
KAITO: Oh... Haha, you're making me blush complimenting me directly like that!
KAITO: Hm? Seems like someone is...
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
Akito: Next time let's try switching up the songs and see how much closer we can get to recreating that atmosphere.
An: Yeah, sounds good! Oh, what should we do about the venue? Shall we try out another place?
Toya: If we're going to switch the songs around to see how much it affects the atmosphere, I think it'd be better to use the same venue.
An: Oh, that's true. Alright then, let's keep it as it is!
Kohane: Yeah! I wonder what kind of design should I go with for the next flyer.
KAITO: Hey everyone!
Akito: Oh... KAITO, MEIKO. Hello.
MEIKO: Were you all discussing your next event?
Akito: Yes. We're trying to keep this momentum going to the next event while we have it.
KAITO: You guys are so fired up! I can't wait for your next event.
An: Please look out for it! We're definitely going to make it better than this last one!
Toya: In order to surpass RAD WEEKEND, we do want to keep pushing our best to the next level.
Kohane: Yeah. Let's keep improving one step at a time!
Akito: And to do all of that, we've gotta amp it up with the crew we have now.
KAITO: Looks like you guys are fired up...
KAITO: The more you all grow to understand each other, I bet you'll end up being able to make a special stack of 100 pancakes!
Akito: Yes. We're definitely looking forward to working with the others and making the next event even better.
KAITO: Ah!
MEIKO: Huh? What's wrong KAITO?
KAITO: I just remembered that I was supposed to practice with Len and Rin! It completely slipped my mind!
KAITO: Sorry everyone! I gotta go!
(Exit: KAITO)
Kohane: Oh, there he goes...
Akito: He really doesn't have it together, huh?
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
MEIKO: Oh? Miku, what are you doing here?
Miku (VBS): Hey everyone, did you happen to see KAITO around? Len and Rin are looking for him.
Akito: Oh, you just missed him. He left to head over there just a second ago.
Miku (VBS): I see. Well, if he's already on his way, then it should be fine.
Miku (VBS): So are you all here for practice? Or are you discussing your next event?
Akito: We came to talk about our next event, but... I mean, since we're, wanna sing with us?
Miku (VBS): What?
Akito: I was thinking we could sing that song to get the ball rolling.
An: Oh, I like that idea! Singing that song really does get you fired up!
MEIKO: I see... In that case, I'll be sitting back listening to you all in my front-row seat.
Miku (VBS): Oh geez, everyone's free to do whatever they want, but... Of course, I'll join you.
Akito: Awesome. Alright, then let's do this! Ready Steady!


2 [MUSIC] 54: Ready Steady

3 [mc] mc_ev_street_08_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Akito: Thanks everyone!
Akito: We're only going to keep getting better and aiming higher. There's no stopping us.
Akito: We're going to create even better events from here onward, so don't take your eyes off us!
Miku (VBS): Looking forward to it, you guys.
Kohane: Even better events, huh...
Kohane: Just thinking about creating them with everyone is making me excited!
Toya: Yes, I feel the same.
An: I'm so glad we have great people on our side not only in this SEKAI but back at home too!
Akito: Yeah.
Akito: We've only made one step so far, but even so... It was a pretty big step forward.
Akito: We're gonna do it! We're gonna surpass RAD WEEKEND!
Kohane: "Yeah!"
An: "Yeah!"
Toya: "Yeah!"
MEIKO: They really are back on their feet now. I can't wait for the day they finally make their dreams come true.
Miku (VBS): Yeah. Knowing them, they'll be able to do it.
