152 Toya's Birthday Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022toya_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
Kohane: Do you think they're all done setting everything up now?
An: Yeah, probably!
An: Man, I'm so ready for this party! We're gonna celebrate a ton, Toya!
Akito: Speaking of which, why are you the most excited about this? Toya's the star of today's show, you know?
Toya: I appreciate it, Akito. But I'm not really bothered by that. I just think it'll be fun as long as we get to celebrate together.
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: Luka)
Luka: Hey, Toya! Hey, you guys!
Miku (VBS): Perfect. We found you quicker than expected.
Miku (VBS): All of the prep at MEIKO's place is done now, so we came over to let you know.
Toya: I see. Thank you for coming all this way to tell us.
Kohane: Hmm...? You smell nice, Luka...
An: Oh, you're right... Tea? No, wait... Is it herbs?
Luka: You've got a sharp nose, An! I was putting together some herb-scented bags to give to Toya just earlier.
Toya: As a present?
Miku (VBS): Way to spill the beans, Luka...
Luka: Haha. They were going to find out sooner or later.
Luka: So, I might as well tell you all about it. These bags contain some of the thyme that Miku grew, which she was nice enough to share with me.
Luka: My goal was to recreate the scent of that forest you all went to that one time.
Akito: That forest's scent?
Luka: Yes. And these bags would serve as a constant reminder of that, no?
Toya: I see. So that's why you made these herb-scented bags... Thank you, Luka.
Luka: I'm hoping to make something that really imitates that forest well, so promise not to forget that scent until then, okay?
Toya: Of course. The morning dew, the mist, the birds singing and the sound of leaves rustling in the breeze...
Toya: Everything I felt and experienced was so fresh and new that definitely left a lasting impression on me.
Akito: I was pretty surprised to suddenly hear Toya say that he wanted to go to the forest, but it ended up being a good experience for all of us.
Akito: Actually seeing a "serene forest" with our own eyes let us sing that song we were practicing really well.
Kohane: Yeah! Hehe. That trip was so much fun. Huddling around the campfire with you guys and getting to see all those stars was really nice.
An: Yeah, I totally agree! Also, I don't think I'll ever forget how hard Toya tried to not cut his fingers while chopping veggies, or when he couldn't get down from that tree!
Toya: Me learning how to cook is one thing, but I'd prefer it if you could forget that last part...
Kohane: "Hehe." "Haha."
An: "Hehe." "Haha."
Luka: "Hehe." "Haha."
Luka: Hmm... Looking back on that trip is making me want to sing now!
Miku (VBS): You know we're just here to grab Toya and the others, right, Luka?
Luka: I know, but this seems like a nice opportunity to sing and make our upcoming party even more fun!
Luka: So let's all sing together! Like we did during our trip!
Toya: Yes, let's.
An: Count us in!
Miku (VBS): Well, if everyone else is on board, why not?
Luka: Yay! Thanks, you guys!
Luka: Here we go! Mirai!


2 [MUSIC] 180: Mirai

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022toya_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
Luka: That was so much fun! Right, everyone?
Toya: I had a lot of fun too. I saw so many images of camping and the natural world flow through my head...
Akito: Ah, that explains why you smiling while singing the entire time.
Toya: I was?
Kohane: Yeah, Aoyagi, you definitely were.
An: It's like your thoughts and feelings really come to the surface whenever you sing, Toya.
Miku (VBS): It must be because these songs mean just that much to him.
Miku (VBS): Even all of the people who gathered here were getting all fired up.
Miku (VBS): Am I right, you guys?
Toya: Oh, I guess you've all been listening to us very closely...
Toya: I felt like there was someone or something pushing me forward as we were singing... Now I see that it was all of you.
Toya: So thank you.
An: Hold up. You're all here to wish Toya a happy birthday, right?
Luka: Oh, it certainly sounds like it! In that case, let's all wish him a happy birthday, together!
An: Yeah! Let's do it!
Luka: Wonderful! Ready, everyone?!
Luka: Happy birthday, Toya!
Kohane: "Happy birthday!"
An: "Happy birthday!"
Miku (VBS): "Happy birthday!"
Akito: Happy birthday, Toya.
Toya: Thank you.
Toya: And a big thanks to all of you.
Toya: I'm going to keep working hard with my team to make sure that we surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Akito: On top of that, you've made some friends who are pursuing the same dream as us.
Toya: Right. I can't wait for the day when we all join together to put on the best event ever... And bear witness to something truly incredible.
Kohane: Yeah! Let's make it happen!
An: Don't forget that we're gonna have to work our butts off to make that a reality!
Toya: We know.
Toya: For you all out there... I'd really like it if you could all keep watching over us.
Toya: We'll see you next time.
Luka: Bye bye!
