157 Rui's Birthday Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022rui_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Rin)
Rui: Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Wonderlands×Showtime's special performance.
Rui: Normally, we'd be putting on a show for your entertainment...
Rui: However, today is actually my birthday. I ask that you please forgive me for being a little selfish as I'd like to give you a show of my own choosing.
Rui: I hope that through this show, my thoughts and feelings about Wonderlands×Showtime, as well as shows in general, will reach all of you.
Rui: For those of you who have come to celebrate my birthday with me, please sit back and enjoy the show.
Rui: And for those of you who just happen to be here for this occasion, I hope you enjoy your time here.
Rui: So, without further ado!
Rui: Wonderlands×Showtime and Kagamine Rin presents... Showtime Ruler!


2 [MUSIC] 160: Showtime Ruler

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022rui_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Rin)
Rui: Thank you very much for letting me indulge in my selfishness today, everyone.
Tsukasa: "Thank you very much!"
Emu: "Thank you very much!"
Nene: "Thank you very much!"
Rin: "Thank you very much!"
Rin: Nice work, everybody!
Rui: Yes. You also did very well, Rin. Thank you for performing with us.
Rin: Hehe. You're welcome!
Rui: Tsukasa, Emu, Nene. All of you, thank you.
Rui: Because you've all done everything in your power to bring my ideas to life, I am now able to deliver what I believe is the "best show" to our audience.
Rui: So... From the bottom of my heart, thank you.
Tsukasa: It's a bit late for that, don't you think?
Emu: Yeah♪ Your ideas are always really interesting and doing the shows that incorporate them are super fun!
Nene: Yeah, I agree.
Rin: Hehe. You hear that, Rui?!
Rui: Yes. I'm going to keep working hard to make what I think is the best show ever even better than it is now.
Rui: Now, this may seem sudden, but having said that, I have an idea for a new performance!
Emu: You do?! What is it?! Tell us! Tell us!
Rin: I wanna hear too!
Tsukasa: Uh, Nene... Rui has that look on his face...
Nene: I can see that... He's come up with another ludicrous idea.
Tsukasa: What kind of crazy stunt are you planning on pulling this time? Stealing the moon? Luring a crocodile across a river using candy?
Rui: Hehe. Those sound like wonderful adventures in their own right.
Rui: But what I'm thinking about now is a production that can involve the whole audience, not just all of you.
Tsukasa: What?! Do you plan on dropping lightning bolts on our audience or something?!
Nene: There's no way he can do that!
Rui: Actually... In a way, he's not far off...
Tsukasa: "What?!"
Nene: "What?!"
Rin: What's he talking about?! I wanna know more!
Nene: Yeah, so do I.
Tsukasa: I'm honestly pretty worried... But Rui's shows are always guaranteed to be fun and interesting!
Emu: Yeah☆
Tsukasa: Don't hold back on telling us your ideas, Rui, because we'll do everything we can to make them come to life, together...!
Rui: Thank you, Tsukasa...
Rui: Let's all continue working together like this to produce the best show ever.
Rui: A show that transcends what it means to be a show. A show that can really bring people together.
Emu: Hehe. If we manage to pull that off, we'll all be smiling from ear to ear!
Rui: Yes. That's certainly the plan. Everyone from our troupe to the audience...
Tsukasa: That means you'll also be smiling alongside all of us, right?
Rui: Hehe. Of course!
Tsukasa: Now, let's cap things off by wishing Rui a happy birthday together!
Emu: Everyone! Are you all ready?!
Tsukasa: Alright, here we go! Happy birthday, Rui!
Emu: "Happy birthday!"
Nene: "Happy birthday!"
Rin: "Happy birthday!"
Rui: Thank you, everyone.
Rui: And thank you all for joining us! We, Wonderlands×Showtime, will be looking forward to your continued support.
