161 Nene's Birthday Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022nene_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Emu: The birthday party with Miku and the others was super fun!
Nene: Yeah, it was. Although, I was surprised to see the plushies there too.
Tsukasa: All that's left is to celebrate once again with everyone here and then it'll be perfect!
Nene: Right. I want to express my gratitude since they're always there to support us.
Rui: In that case, shall I fire our celebratory cannon to liven up the mood?
MEIKO: Great idea! Let's kick things off with a bang♪
Nene: No cannons or bangs, please! I feel embarrassed enough just having to greet everyone like this, so I'd rather not look like I'm getting too ahead of myself...
Tsukasa: What's wrong with that? You only get to celebrate your birthday once a year, right?
Emu: Yeah, exactly!
Rui: Yes, exactly!
MEIKO: Yes, he's right!
Nene: H-Hold on a second. I get Emu, but why are you two going along with this, Rui, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Hehe. Just as Tsukasa said, "You only get to celebrate your birthday once a year." Therefore, you should make the most of it!
MEIKO: I mean, look! All of these people are here to celebrate your birthday!
Nene: Huh...
Nene: Oh, you're right...
Tsukasa: Yes! And I believe we've made them wait long enough.
Emu: Nene! Let's go to the middle and greet everyone♪
Nene: O-Okay...
Nene: Um... Hello, everyone. Thank you for coming today to celebrate my birthday.
Nene: I... Um...
Nene: N-No, I can't do this! Telling all these people about my feelings when it's not even a show seems too weird.
Tsukasa: Even so, didn't you say that you want to express how much you appreciate them for the support they've given you?
Nene: Y-Yeah, but...
Emu: Hmm... I know! We can express our gratitude through a show!
Nene: Oh, a show should make it easier for me to express how I feel...
MEIKO: That sounds wonderful! I'm so glad I came along♪
MEIKO: Hey, Nene. Mind if I join you for your show?
Nene: Of course. I was actually going to ask you to anyway. I'd feel a lot better knowing that you're there by my side.
MEIKO: That's so sweet! Alright, I promise to do my best♪
Tsukasa: Well then, for the sake of our shy songstress, I too shall lend a helping hand.
Nene: T-Thanks, you guys.
Nene: Um... I guess, with that being said, I hope you enjoy our show.
Nene: So here we go... Starry Sky Melody.


2 [MUSIC] 212: Starry sky melody

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022nene_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Nene: Thanks for watching, everyone. Um... How was it?
Emu: Hehe. Looks like they all enjoyed it!
Nene: Yeah. I'm glad...
MEIKO: Hehe. It's interesting how you've returned to your natural state after singing like you owned the stage just now.
Nene: I mean, this is how I've always been...
Rui: And even if someone asked you to, it's not something that can be easily changed or fixed.
Tsukasa: Heh heh heh. You're a lucky one, Nene. After all, you were fortunate enough to meet me!
Nene: Huh?
Tsukasa: You want to have more confidence in talking to people, right? If so, you can learn from me, the epitome of confidence.
Tsukasa: The very Tsukasa Tenma who mastered a hundred cool poses and has even overcome language barriers through the power of body language!
Tsukasa: If you like, I can teach you the secret techniques behind walking while striking a cool pose with each step!
Emu: What?! That sounds really fun! Can I learn with you, Nene?
Nene: We don't need to do anything like that! Honestly, why are you guys under the impression that I was going to agree to any of this?!
Nene: How does walking while striking a cool pose with each step even work?
Nene: Only Tsukasa would want to stick out like a sore thumb like that.
Rui: Hehe. I suppose walking around posing step by step would look rather strange.
Tsukasa: W-What?! Can you not see that this is the ultimate way to learn how to present oneself?! A method of my own design no less!
Nene: Alright, alright. I appreciate the thought.
Rui: Putting that aside... Do you want things to end so abruptly?
Nene: Uh... No, I want to properly express how I feel to everyone...
Nene: I don't want it to end like this...
MEIKO: Nene?
Nene: I... I have a dream!
Nene: Ever since I was little, I've always wanted to be a musical actress who performs all around the world!
Nene: A-And I'm gonna keep doing everything I can to make that dream come true, so I'll be counting on all of you for your support...!
Nene: A-And I'm gonna keep doing everything I can to make that dream come true, so I'll be counting on all of you for your support...!
Tsukasa: Ah! Well said, Nene!
MEIKO: Yes, that was so inspiring!
Nene: Th-Thanks...
Rui: Hehe. Now, let's all wish Nene a happy birthday and celebrate her wonderful dream.
Emu: Yeah!
Emu: Here we go, everyone! Are you ready?
Tsukasa: Sounds like they're ready! One, two...!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Nene!
Emu: "Happy birthday!"
Rui: "Happy birthday!"
MEIKO: "Happy birthday!"
Nene: Thanks, everyone...
Nene: Don't mention it!
Tsukasa: Don't mention it!
Nene: I really am going to work hard to make my dreams come true, so please be sure to stop by and watch our shows again sometime.
MEIKO: Bye bye♪
