181 Honami's Birthday Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022honami_1

(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: Honami)
Miku (Ln): I'm excited to see how the decorations turn out for the party venue.
Honami: Me too. I knew that Ichika and the others were making flower and star decorations and finding many old photos of us.
Honami: But to think that was all for the party decorations? I was so surprised.
Honami: I wonder what it will look like... My heart's racing.
Miku (Ln): With those three, you can be sure they'll pull off just the sort of thing you hoped for.
Honami: You're right! Hehe, I'm so excited.
Miku (Ln): By the way, how are you, Honami? Have you had a good year?
Honami: I have. Every day felt so fulfilling, and yet so much went by in the blink of an eye.
Honami: We started performing at shows, spending more time practicing, trying our hand at writing our own songs and working hard on selling tickets.
Honami: It was a year of putting everything into whatever task was put in front of me.
Miku (Ln): Sounds about right. Just recently, you had some intense training to prove that Saku person wrong.
Honami: Hehe. Yes, that was a very intense month.
Honami: Shiho was so serious about performing then. I wanted so badly to keep up with her that I practiced really intensely...
Miku (Ln): And you got really buff and cracked your drumsticks.
Honami: Hah! You're starting to sound like Saki, Miku.
Honami: "Hehe."
Miku (Ln): "Hehe."
Miku (Ln): I think you've grown a lot, Honami. Not just as a performer, but as a person too.
Honami: Oh, really?
Miku (Ln): Yeah. Like you just said, a bunch of stuff happened between you and Shiho over ticket quotas right?
Miku (Ln): I don't know if that's what started it, but you seem less constrained somehow.
Miku (Ln): Don't you feel like you've changed a little?
Honami: I...
Honami: I think I'm braver than before. I can express my thoughts and feelings better now.
Miku (Ln): I'm happy that you can recognize it for yourself, Honami.
Miku (Ln): Oh... Look, Honami. All these people are here to celebrate you.
Honami: Huh...
Honami: Woah! Y-You're right! Um... Hello!
Honami: So many people have shown up...! I'm so happy! Thank you...!
Honami: I wonder how can I show you my gratitude...
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
Saki: Hona, we're ready now! We've been making a Special Birthday Version of the classroom for you!
Honami: Oh, what good timing! Would you guys mind if we did a small performance?
Ichika: Huh, a performance?
Miku (Ln): We were just saying hello to all these people who've shown up for Honami's birthday.
Honami: And I was thinking we could perform for them. What do you think?
Saki: Cool idea! Let's do it!
Ichika: Yeah. I'd also like to say thank you to everyone who's come here for Honami.
Shiho: I'm in too. Everyone's here after all.
Honami: Thank you, everyone!
Honami: We've actually been working on a song, so I'd like you all to be the first to hear it.
Honami: Let's go! Lost and Found!
(Exit: Ichika)
(Exit: Saki)
(Exit: Honami)
(Exit: Shiho)
(Exit: Miku-Ln)


2 [MUSIC] 226: Lost and Found

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022honami_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Honami: Thank you for listening, everyone!
Honami: I think having an audience really does help you perform with feeling.
Ichika: You're right.
Saki: Oh, hang on! Have we said "happy birthday" yet? If not, let's all say it together♪
Miku (Ln): I guess we haven't, have we? Saki, why don't you do the honors?
Saki: With pleasure♪ Heeey, everybody!
Shiho: She really is full of energy at times like this...
Ichika: Hehe. That's our Saki for you.
Saki: Okaaay, are you ready?! All together!
Saki: Ready... Go!
Saki: Happy birthday, Hona!
Ichika: "Happy birthday!"
Miku (Ln): "Happy birthday!"
Shiho: Ha... Happy birthday...
Honami: Thank you everyone!
Honami: And thank you to all of you in the audience!
Saki: Hey, c'mon Shiho! Say it right: "Happy birthday!"
Shiho: I could say the same to you, Saki. Why are you making us say it in English?
Saki: I dunno, I just felt like saying it that way♪
Shiho: And...?
Miku (Ln): It doesn't make a difference, right? You could say it either way.
Ichika: I actually get what Shiho means...I also hesitated for a second.
Saki: What?! Hona, you prefer it my way, right?
Honami: Hehe, I guess so.
Shiho: Hang on, Honami. If you don't take our side, Saki's gonna get carried away.
Saki: Too late, sucks to be you! Hona is on my side!
Shiho: Point proven...
Ichika: "Hehe."
Honami: "Hehe."
Honami: Thank you so much for today, everyone! Please come see us perform again!
Saki: Bye bye♪
