184 MEIKO's Anniversary Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022meiko_1

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
MEIKO: Oh, so many of you are here!
MEIKO: Hello everyone! Thank you for coming to celebrate my anniversary with me!
MEIKO: Miku and the others will be coming over to celebrate later, so let's all have a fun time together!
KAITO: They did say they wanted some time to prepare, didn't they? So I came to keep you company until they're ready, but was there anything you wanted to do?
MEIKO: In that case, how about we go to another SEKAI and see how everyone is doing? I want to see how another version of me is celebrating!
KAITO: Sounds good! I bet they're throwing a huge celebration.
MEIKO: Yes, I can't wait to see! Alright everyone, let's go!


2 [mc] mc_bd_2022meiko_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: MEIKO)
MEIKO: Good work, everyone!
Emu: MEIKO! Thank you for requesting a show from us!
Tsukasa: Did you enjoy our revival of "A Merry Christmas"?
MEIKO: I sure did! Especially Tsukasa and Nene's dialogue as Santa's Apprentice and the girl! You two had such good chemistry that every scene was so funny!
Nene: You were holding your stomach laughing when the banter started.
MEIKO: I was laughing so much I think I'm getting a six-pack!
Rui: Hehehe. As long as the star of the day has enjoyed themselves, it's a job well done.
Tsukasa: Well then, once again, let us celebrate!
Tsukasa: Happy anniversary, MEIKO!
Emu: Happy anniversary!
Nene: Happy anniversary!
Rui: Happy anniversary!
Tsukasa: Whoa?!
MEIKO: Oh! I hadn't realized all of you were here! Thank you for coming!
MEIKO: Thank you too, everyone!
Tsukasa: This is the least we can do! Especially after all of the times you've helped us.
Nene: Speaking of which, why did you choose "A Merry Christmas" for today's show?
MEIKO: Hmm... Well I wanted to see Santa's Apprentice and the girl's banter again, and I really like how the performance is flashy and magical too. Also...
MEIKO: This was the show you were practicing when I first met all of you, right? That's why this show left such an impression on me!
Nene: I see... It makes me happy to hear that.
Emu: Yup yup! I like that show too! I remember it really well since it was so amazing when real snow started falling down.
MEIKO: By. The. Way. I know it was a tough time for all of you but we made some wonderful memories on the desert island too♪
Tsukasa: Ah, that... Yes, it had been tough trying to secure a place to sleep and food that time...
Rui: It was a rare experience but we also got to have some important conversations.
Nene: Yeah. Like that talk about our future.
MEIKO: Hehe. I can't wait to see what shows you'll make or what kind of stars you will all become!
MEIKO: Oh, I have an idea! Would you like to do a show with me right now?
Emu: Wow! You want to do a show with us, MEIKO?!
MEIKO: I sure do! I really want to sing and dance with you all so I can get a better understanding of your thoughts and feelings.
Emu: Yeah, let's do it! You're in too, right, you guys?
Rui: Of course. Your wish is my command, MEIKO.
Nene: Yeah!
Tsukasa: If that's settled, let's get right into it!
MEIKO: Thank you!
MEIKO: We hope you enjoy it, everyone!
MEIKO: Alright, here we go! Starry Sky Melody!


3 [MUSIC] 212: Starry sky melody

4 [mc] mc_bd_2022meiko_3

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Emu)
MEIKO: *Sigh* Shows really are so much fun!
MEIKO: Hehe. I'm glad that you all enjoyed yourselves too♪
MEIKO: Tsukasa, Emu, Nene, Rui, and also all of you in the audience!
MEIKO: Thank you for celebrating my anniversary with me! It fills me with sooooo much happiness♪
MEIKO: I'm going to treasure this memory!
Tsukasa: Glad to hear it! Let's make many more memories, MEIKO!


5 [mc] mc_bd_2022meiko_4

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: That was such a fun and lively celebration, wasn't it?
MEIKO: Yes! I could really see how they cared for each other.
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Rin)
Miku: MEIKO, KAITO, sorry for the wait! We've finished preparing.
MEIKO: Hehe, now it's finally my turn!
Rin: Your turn?
KAITO: We actually went to see how our friends in another SEKAI were doing just earlier.
MEIKO: They were throwing that SEKAI's version of me such a big celebration that I couldn't help but feel happy too.
MEIKO: Come to think of it, it was interesting how similar our mindsets were. Like how we both want to look back on time spent with loved ones on important days.
Len: Oh yeah, when we asked you what you'd like to do at your party, you did say that you wanted to reminisce.
MEIKO: Yes I did! I want to set off toward my next anniversary with many fond memories in tow!
Luka: Don't worry. We've made sure to prepare so you can do just that.


6 [mc] mc_bd_2022meiko_5

(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
KAITO: Sing your heart out, MEIKO!
MEIKO: Thank you! Feel free to sing along, KAITO, everyone!
MEIKO: Alright then, let's go! Time Machine!


7 [MUSIC] 8: Time Machine

8 [mc] mc_bd_2022meiko_6

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: Once again, let's wish MEIKO a happy anniversary!
KAITO: MEIKO! Happy anniversary!
Miku: "Happy anniversary!"
Rin: "Happy anniversary!"
Len: "Happy anniversary!"
Luka: "Happy anniversary!"
MEIKO: Thank you, everyone!
Luka: How was that? Do you feel like you've made a wonderful head start on the way to your next anniversary?
MEIKO: I did! Thank you for singing with me.
MEIKO: Thank you for tagging along with me too, KAITO! Even when we were waiting for preparations to finish, I had such a great time.
KAITO: Hehe. You're welcome!
MEIKO: Really, thank you so much for today, everyone! Please come to hear us sing in SEKAI anytime!
MEIKO: See you later!
