190 Find A Way Out After Show (event_79)

1 [mc] mc_ev_street_11_1

(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Akito: Well, that wasn't bad.
An: Yeah, it was pretty good considering we were freestyling, don't you think?
MEIKO: Yes, you two were great. Thanks for letting me listen.
Akito: It's fine. This was nothing after all.
MEIKO: Hehe. Well, thank you all the same. But wow, the two of you are completely in sync!
An: Oh? Is that so...?
Akito: What's with the dissatisfied tone? If anyone should be saying that, it's me.
Akito: Though, we've practiced every day since forming the team, so of course we're in sync.
An: That's right. Plus, I've been watching you sing at one time or another ever since junior high.
MEIKO: Yes, I guess you must have crossed paths if you were both singing in the same neighborhood.
An: Yeah. Not to mention his voice was so loud you could hear him the next street over.
An: Everywhere I went I could hear that powerful singing. And sometimes, I'd feel motivated by it.
Akito: Shiraishi...
An: With a reeeaaally big emphasis on the "sometimes"!
Akito: What?!
MEIKO: Hehe. You two sure are close.
MEIKO: Whew... I'm feeling more energized thanks to you two.
MEIKO: Things have been so busy because of Christmas, right? While I was clearing away the decorations, I thought to myself that I'd like to take a breather.
MEIKO: I'm not tired or anything. Just a little sad in an odd kind of way, you know?
An: Oh... I think I get what you mean.
An: I sometimes feel a little lonely this time of year when we're taking down the tree at Weekend Garage.
MEIKO: Yes, that's what I mean. But thanks to you two, that feeling's been blown away.
MEIKO: And seeing your face helped too, Akito.
Akito: Huh? My face?
MEIKO: Yes. I don't know what happened, but you seem like some weight's been lifted off your shoulders since I last saw you.
Akito: Oh...
Akito: I...didn't think it was that obvious. Um... I guess I haven't been hiding it as well as I thought.
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Luka)
Toya: Akito? Shiraishi? And MEIKO, too. What are the three of you doing?
Akito: We were just singing. What about you guys? What brings you here?
Luka: I took them on my favorite walking trail as thanks for showing me the illuminations.
Toya: Yes, Luka took us to see all the spots she usually walks around. But...
Kohane: Hehe... But she has more stamina than we bargained for.
Toya: That's right. We're feeling a little dizzy after walking down the same street ten times.
Kohane: But at the same time, it was fun getting to chat with Luka so much.
Luka: Really? I'm glad! But I'm sorry for dragging you along like that.
Toya: By the way, I had no idea this place existed. It's my first time seeing it.
Kohane: Me too. I bet it would feel great to sing here! I want to try it out soon...!
An: It's gotten a lot livelier since you guys showed up.
MEIKO: You're right. It's starting to feel silly how sentimental we were getting.
MEIKO: Hey, seeing as we're all here, why don't we sing?
An: Wait, really? You'll sing with us?! Yay! I'm excited to sing with you, MEIKO!
Toya: If it's okay, I'd also like to join.
Kohane: I want to sing with you too!
Luka: In that case, I'll stand back and watch. I'm all tired out from walking...
Akito: So it turns out you're tired too, Luka.
Luka: Hahaha♪ Yeah, but I'm looking forward to hearing you sing, Akito.
Luka: I'm sure you've got some brand new feelings inside you now. I can't wait to see what they'll be like in song.
Akito: Right, get ready to find out.
Akito: Okay, let's go!
Akito: Kashika!
(Exit: Luka)


2 [MUSIC] 267: Kashika

3 [mc] mc_ev_street_11_2

(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: An)
An: That felt so great!
Akito: Yeah. I'm feeling refreshed.
Akito: Thank you for singing with us, MEIKO. It was a chance to reflect on how far I still have to go.
MEIKO: I thought so. Those feelings were clear to me. Wouldn't you agree, Luka?
Luka: Yeah! Thank you for letting me listen. It was wonderful.
MEIKO: Well then, I think I'll head back to Crase Cafe. I need to get ready to open.
Luka: Oh, then let me help you. I'm feeling thirsty, actually.
Kohane: Oh, we'll help too!
MEIKO: Really? Thank you, everyone.
(Exit: MEIKO)
(Exit: Kohane)
(Exit: Luka)
(Exit: An)
(Exit: Toya)
Akito: Thank you for coming to listen again, you guys.
Akito: Singing with them, I feel good, and I feel confident.
Akito: But it's more than that. There are times when I'm not satisfied with my singing...
Akito: But no matter how hard it gets, I'll be with them, singing.
Akito: So keep watching us. No matter what happens, we're gonna surpass RAD WEEKEND!
(Enter: Toya)
Toya: Akito, what are you doing?
Akito: Uh... Nothing!
(Exit: Toya)
Akito: Well, I better catch up with the others now. See ya 'round!
(Exit: Akito)
