203 To The Gleaming Stars Halfway Through a Dream After Show (event_82)

1 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_11_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Tsukasa: W-Wow! This must be...!
Nene: Could it be a new stage?
Rui: It seems that way. This one seems just as lavish as the others.
Emu: Wow! This is awesome! Just seeing how sparkly everything is is making me so excited!
Emu: It's just like Phoenix Wonderland!
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
Luka: I'm sure we have all of your feelings to thank for creating this place.
Emu: Oh, Luka! Len!
Len: Oh wow, this is so cool!
Len: I bet there's a popcorn shop in here somewhere!
Nene: I bet there probably isn't.
Rui: It would be interesting if there was one.
Tsukasa: Oh, that reminds me. You all hung out together on the day of my performance, right?
Len: Yeah! Plus, everyone brought back soda-flavored popcorn for us!
Luka: I liked the way it fizzed in my mouth. It was so fun and tasty. What a delightful treat it was.
Rui: I'm very glad to hear you liked it.
Nene: We'll bring you a different flavor next time, so there's something for you to look forward to.
Len: Whoa, really?! Awesome!
Emu: I don't see any popcorn shops, but this place is still super wonderhoy!
Emu: The small stage in the middle is so cute... Aww, this place is making me wanna dance!
Nene: So, why don't we?
Emu: Huh? Really?!
Len: That's a great idea! I also want to see you all dance!
Luka: In that case, would you mind if I joined in?
Luka: Watching Emu get all hyped up is making me just as excited.
Emu: Of course Luka! I'd totally love it if you'd join us!
Emu: Let's all raise the roof together! Are you ready?
Emu: Hoshizora Orchestra!
(Exit: Len)


2 [MUSIC] 282: Hoshizora Orchestra

3 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_11_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
Emu: Wow, that was so much fun!
Emu: Thank you for dancing with us, Luka!
Luka: Oh no, I had so much fun dancing with you all.
Len: I had a great time watching you guys! Just seeing you dance made me feel all warm inside. It was as if you were cheering me on.
Tsukasa: Come to think of it, I also had that feeling. Curiously, given that I was one of the performers...
Rui: Why could that be...?
Emu: Maybe it's because I sang from the bottom of my heart with feelings of support.
Tsukasa: Because of you, Emu?
Emu: Yeah! Tsukasa, when I saw you at that workshop performance in all your sparkly glory...
Emu: I realized just how much I really, really love seeing how everyone's faces glow when they perform!
Nene: Emu...
Emu: After seeing your face beaming brighter than ever at the workshop show, I know someday I'll see Rui's and Nene's like that, too!
Emu: Hehehe, I'm really looking forward to that day. So, in order to show my support to all you amazing people...
Emu: I'm appointing myself Dream Team Cheer Squad Captain!
Nene: Hehe, okay then.
Tsukasa: I see... Emu, I fully appreciate your feelings.
Tsukasa: However, I cannot allow such a high-level responsibility to fall solely onto you.
Emu: Huh?
Tsukasa: And that is why I am also joining the Dream Team Cheer Squad!
Tsukasa: I vow to provide my utmost support to all my fellow dreamers! Rui, Nene, and of course you, Cheer Captain Emu!
Emu: Tsukasa!
Rui: Hehe. I'm also eager to join this squad.
Nene: Me too. Well, we don't need a whole "squad", but I feel the same way.
Nene: I want to show my support to everyone as we all work towards our dreams together.
Emu: Rui...! Nene...!
Emu: Alright! Let's continue to shine and do our best!
Luka: Hehe. It's so wonderful to see you all smiling.
Luka: Just seeing all your happy faces...makes me... *Yawn* So sleepy...
Len: Hey, wait! What am I gonna do if you fall asleep here?!
Len: Anyway, let's return to Miku and the others. Also...
Len: Seeing you all perform makes me wanna do a show too!
Rui: On that note, we should also head back for practice.
Emu: Yeah, let's go!
Emu: Thank you all for always supporting us!
Emu: Wonderlands×Showtime will keep putting on fun shows to make you all smile!
Emu: So I hope you'll continue to come see our wonderhoy-tastic shows! Bye bye!
