213 Kick It Up a Notch After Show (event_86)

1 [mc] mc_ev_street_12_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
Kohane: It took me by surprise when you invited me for a walk, Miku.
Miku (VBS): Huh? It did?
Kohane: Yes. I was glad since we still had time before meeting the others. But...why now all of a sudden?
Miku (VBS): It's for nothing major... You just seem so restless today. I figured walking it off would help.
Kohane: Huh?
Miku (VBS): What's another way to put it...? It's like you're bursting with energy.
Miku (VBS): Those dark circles have vanished too. You must've slept like a log after the event yesterday.
Kohane: Oh... Yes. I went to sleep when I got home last night and didn't wake up until this afternoon.
Kohane: But I guess I slept too much... I suddenly went from being really busy to having all this free time. And now I can't relax.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. That explains why you're so energetic today.
Miku (VBS): I take it the event was a huge success then?
Kohane: It was! I sang with more passion than I've ever felt. I think I did well as the opening act.
Kohane: And I got praise from Taiga. In the middle of my song, he shouted, "Nice singing!"
Miku (VBS): Wow, that good? I wish I got to hear it.
Miku (VBS): So, you've performed alone now. Did you figure out what's "most important", as Taiga put it?
Kohane: Oh... I think I have an idea.
Kohane: There's a certain feeling...
Kohane: The feeling when people want to hear you sing, and you want them to hear it too... I think that's important to our music.
Miku (VBS): I see. It sounds like striking out alone paid off then.
Kohane: Yes. I'm glad I was brave enough to try.
Kohane: And I'm especially glad that I did it before Taiga leaves.
Miku (VBS): ...? Kohane, what do you—
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
Toya: Oh, there you are.
An: Heya, Kohane! Hi, Miku!
Kohane: Oh, hi everyone!
Akito: MEIKO said you'd gone for a walk, so we figured we'd catch up, but you went further than we thought.
An: So, what were you two talking about?
Miku (VBS): A whole bunch of stuff, like her opening act.
Toya: I see. It did take me by surprise when Azusawa said she wanted to open the show alone.
Akito: But... One thing still bothers me. You seemed a little tense through it all. Is something up?
Kohane: Oh, about that...
Kohane: I was about to tell Miku. Taiga is actually about to go back to America.
An: What?!
Akito: I see. Taiga is leaving...
Kohane: Yes. So...
Kohane: I kept thinking how this was my last chance to have him hear me sing. That's why I was working so hard.
Kohane: I wanted to demonstrate the results of all our practices together.
Miku (VBS): I see...
Toya: It's clear that everything you learned from Taiga has come to fruition.
Kohane: Right?
Miku (VBS): Well then, An, Akito, Toya. You'll need to stay sharp.
Akito: You're right. We have to keep up with her.
Toya: Yes.
Kohane: Oh... Hey, guys?
Akito: Hm? What?
Kohane: Um... I'm still fired up after yesterday... Could I sing again?
Kohane: After everything, I feel like I can perform really well.
Miku (VBS): Sure, why not? I'd like to hear how you sound now.
Miku (VBS): And... We'll all join you, right?
Akito: Yep, no question.
An: Yeah, of course we will!
Toya: Yes, I'm also still brimming with energy.
Kohane: Yay! Thanks everyone! Let's get started then!
Kohane: Ready Steady!


2 [MUSIC] 54: Ready Steady

3 [mc] mc_ev_street_12_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
Kohane: *Sigh* That felt so good! Thanks for joining me!
Miku (VBS): So this is where you guys are now. I'm impressed. You really are something.
Kohane: Not at all. We were only able to bring this energy with your support.
Miku (VBS): Really? Hehe. It sure is interesting singing with you four.
Miku (VBS): The passion and excitement of your event was palpable. From just your voices, it felt like I was there.
Miku (VBS): Hey, you all felt it too, right?
Kohane: Whoa! I'm so glad. Thank you, everybody.
Kohane: We aren't going to stop here. So, I hope you keep watching us chase our dream.
An: And hey, this event took us one step closer to surpassing RAD WEEKEND.
Akito: You're right. Even the owner of Crawl Green praised it.
Toya: That's true. Beyond this energy, I think—no, I'm sure... RAD WEEKEND is waiting for us.
Kohane: Yes... You're right! Let's surpass RAD WEEKEND!
Akito: On that note, it's about time we did a debrief.
An: Where do you wanna do it? Oh, actually, MEIKO didn't seem busy, right?
Miku (VBS): I haven't seen Luka around either. And KAITO is giving Rin and Len a DJing lesson. You should all be fine to come over.
Kohane: In that case, do you want to do it at MEIKO's place?
Akito: Okay. Sure!
Toya: Okay. Sure!
An: Okay. Sure!
(Exit: Akito)
(Exit: Kohane)
(Exit: An)
(Exit: Toya)
(Exit: Miku-VBS)
