217 White Day Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_2023whiteday_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Shiho: Okay, let's do another run-through while everything is still fresh in our minds.
Miku (Ln): Sounds good. Let's put some energy into it since we seem to have attracted an audience.
Honami: Huh?
Ichika: Thank you for coming, everyone. Maybe you heard, but we're about to do one last run-through.
Saki: Hehehe. And then after that, we'll be heading over to a diner to attempt the "Super Deluxe White Day Special Parfait!"
Miku (Ln): Oh, yeah. That's the parfait that makes you stay friends forever if you finish it without making a mess of it, right?
Shiho: That's just how the diner advertised it. I don't think there's any evidence proving that's true.
Saki: There is! The parfait is super delicate, so great teamwork is super important, or else our friendship will fall apart!
Honami: Hehe. I wouldn't want that to happen.
Ichika: Same. You think so too, right, Shiho?
Shiho: Huh? Um, I guess...
Shiho: More importantly, let's do what we need to do first. The parfait will come after.
Saki: Of course! You guys are welcome to join in the fun too♪
Ichika: Alright, here we go. needLe!


2 [MUSIC] 63: needLe

3 [mc] mc_2023whiteday_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Ichika: Thank you for listening, everyone!
Miku (Ln): You all managed to fix the parts Shiho pointed out before. Was it the thought of that parfait?
Shiho: I'm pretty sure it was just the fruits of our labor.
Shiho: Well then, I think we can end here for today.
Saki: Does this mean... We can go and get the parfait?!
Shiho: We have been practicing a lot lately and even our breaks haven't really been breaks either. So, sure, I'll let you have this much.
Saki: Y-YAAAY!
Ichika: Whoa... I wasn't expecting everyone here to be happy about that too.
Honami: Hehe. I'm sure they're reminding us that it's important to take breaks.
Miku (Ln): Also, don't forget, it's White Day today.
Saki: Mhm♪ And I feel like I just got a wonderful gift from Shiho!
Shiho: You're exaggerating. We're just going to eat parfaits, you know.
Ichika: Hehe.
Honami: Hehe.
Miku (Ln): I hope you all have an amazing White Day, everyone! See you next time!


4 [mc] mc_2023whiteday_3

(Enter: Len)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: Hello, everyone! Happy White Day!
Len: Without further ado, we're going to put on a special performance as a gift from us to you!
KAITO: But first things first, let's move to a different stage!


5 [mc] mc_2023whiteday_4

(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Rin)
KAITO: Can you guess what song we're doing yet?
Len: Hehehe, start the music!
(Exit: Miku)


6 [MUSIC] 2: ROKI

7 [mc] mc_2023whiteday_5

(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Miku)
Miku: KAITO, Len, your singing was so cool! Your performance was really amazing too, Rin, Luka, MEIKO♪
Rin: Hehe, thanks!
KAITO: Did you all have a good time too, everyone?
Len: I'm so glad! Our White Day plan to gift you all a song was successful!
KAITO: Yes!
KAITO: Rin, Luka, MEIKO, thank you for performing with us!
MEIKO: It was our pleasure! We also had a great time.
Luka: Yes. Having this experience was a wonderful return gift for us too.
Rin: Yup yup♪
Miku: Have you all given out gifts in return for Valentine's Day yet?
Miku: If not, I hope you'll express your gratitude somehow. It doesn't matter how you do it.
KAITO: Especially since it can be hard to say some things out loud without occasions like this.
KAITO: If it feels difficult to express your feelings in person, then maybe try sending a message.
Len: Yeah! I'm sure there are people who can't wait to hear from you.
MEIKO: We'll be cheering you all on to have a wonderful White Day!
KAITO: On that note, happy White Day, everyone!
