218 Airi's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023airi_1

(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
Minori: Hey everyone! Thank you all for coming to Airi's birthday fan meeting!
Haruka: Let's start off by wishing Airi a happy birthday!
Shizuku: Ready? Here we go!
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Airi!
Minori: Happy birthday!
Haruka: Happy birthday!
Miku (MMJ): Happy birthday!
Airi: I'm so grateful to all of you for doing this for me. Thank you so much, everyone! I'm so happy!
Miku (MMJ): Alright, I think it's time to start off with our first segment♪
Shizuku: Yes! It's time for the "From flattery to flushed, make her blush" challenge♪
Minori: Yay!
Haruka: Yay!
Airi: Huh? I thought we were just going to be talking...
Minori: Hehe, in this segment, we'll be showering Airi with heaps and heaps of compliments!
Haruka: If we manage to make Airi blush, then it's a win for us!
Airi: Say what now? No one told me about this!
Miku (MMJ): That's because it was a surprise♪ And with that, let the complimenting commence!
Miku (MMJ): Airi, your training camp went amazingly well!
Shizuku: Yes! From the planning to the organizing, she did everything single-handedly!
Haruka: Not only did our viewers have a blast, but we also trained really hard too! It was such a good training camp!
Minori: Uh-huh! Airi, you're so smart, I swear you're a genius! I hope her excellency won't mind me tagging along with her forever!
Airi: N-Now that's just...
Haruka: We're not done yet! We haven't even mentioned your recent TV appearance—
Airi: W-Wait! Time out, stop! Stooop!
Airi: Make me blush?! More like die of embarrassment!
Shizuku: Oh? Do you, Airi, officially declare your defeat?
Airi: I think you guys are really getting a kick out of all of this.
Minori: Hehehe, that would be an understatement.
Haruka: The wonderful thing about this segment is that we get to tell everybody all sorts of amazing things about each other.
Airi: Grgh... I can't take it anymore!
Airi: And more importantly! There's a giant audience here, and we're idols! So why aren't we singing for them? Am I right?!
Airi: You see that? It's a show they're after!
Miku (MMJ): Alright, I guess we can postpone the second half of the challenge for now.
Shizuku: Hehe, okay. It's time to perform that song we prepped for this show.
Airi: Yeah! Is everyone ready?
Airi: That's a resounding "yes"! Okay, let's hit it! Kimagure Mercy!


2 [MUSIC] 281: Kimagure Mercy

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023airi_2

(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Airi: Thank you all so much for listening! I'm glad to see that you all had fun.
Haruka: Alright then, that means it's time for part two of the challenge!
Airi: Huh? Hey, wait!
Minori: Airi, you're so charismatic! During our livestreams, you never fail to hype up our viewers!
Haruka: When we were recording for iHaz, your witty responses really carried the show, thank you!
Shizuku: Yes, thanks to you, we were able to keep up an engaging conversation!
Airi: W-Well, if it's a variety show, you can count on me. There's a good reason I'm a household name!
Miku (MMJ): Wow! Airi, you're so cool!
Haruka: I think it's time for the final push, don't you?
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: But Airi, you're great at more than just variety shows!
Shizuku: Right! She's dazzling and gorgeous all around the clock. She's honestly the best idol!
Airi: N-Now that's definitely not true...
Haruka: Yes it is. You stay true to your identity as an idol. You're always flaunting the trendiest makeup and outfits—it's truly amazing.
Haruka: Plus, you're always encouraging others. Whether it be rehearsals or meetings, you're always the one to brighten the atmosphere.
Airi: Like I said, you're overexaggerating...
Minori: Hey Miss Sunshine! You're always there to brighten our day!
Shizuku: You're so hard-working and thoughtful!
Miku (MMJ): Plus a great cook, and always praising others!
Haruka: Not to mention always looking out for others, and an incredible leader!
Airi: S-Stop, Stooop!
Airi: Enough... I give up! I'm so embarrassed, I can't stop my face from heating up!
Minori: We did it! We won the challenge!
Shizuku: Oh... But there's so much more about Airi we haven't said yet.
Haruka: Hehe, I know. I don't think we'll ever run out.
Airi: I knew it! You're secretly enjoying my suffering!
Airi: Anyway, now I understand how you all feel towards me. Thank you for seeing all the good in me.
Minori: You're welcome!
Airi: Once again, everyone. Thank you all so much for celebrating with me!
Airi: Although I was the one getting showered with compliments today, Minori and the others are just as deserving of them too!
Airi: As long as I'm with these girls, I know I can reach even greater heights as an idol.
Airi: So, stay tuned, 'cause there's plenty more to come from MORE MORE JUMP! Alright, see you next time!
