223 Minori's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023minori_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Minori: Hello everyone! Welcome to the Minori Hanasato Birthday Fan Meeting!
Minori: We're going to kick things off with a song we've been rehearsing especially for—
Airi: Hold it right there! Before that, we'll be doing a special segment!
Minori: Huh?
Haruka: It's time for Heartfelt Wishes: Special Letters to the Birthday Girl!
Shizuku: Yay♪
MEIKO: Yay♪
Minori: S-Special letters?!
Shizuku: Yup! We have a bunch of wonderful birthday wishes written by those closest to you right here!
Minori: O-Oh really! Hehehe, now this is quite the surprise!
MEIKO: Okay, I'll read the first one♪ Try to guess who wrote it while I read it out!
MEIKO: "Dear Minori, happy birthday!"
MEIKO: "You've been testing your limits ever since this SEKAI was created, and in doing so, have overcome many obstacles."
MEIKO: "Although all we can do is be there to cheer you on..."
MEIKO: "...you've managed to improve from your sheer determination alone. Minori, you are really incredible."
MEIKO: "No matter what curveball life throws at you, I'm confident that you can handle it."
MEIKO: "I'm looking forward to watching you perform more and more, and seeing you shine in the spotlight." From Miku♪
Minori: Miku...
Shizuku: Such wonderful and kind words they were!
Airi: Wasn't that lovely, Minori?
Minori: Yeah! I'll make sure to go thank her later! Thanks for reading it out, MEIKO!
MEIKO: You're welcome♪
Haruka: There's actually one more special letter to read.
Haruka: But if we read that one now, Minori probably won't be able to sing, so we're going to perform first!
Minori: W-What do you mean?! Just what kind of message...
Airi: The final letter is from a very special someone.
Shizuku: Hehe, I hope you're really looking forward to it!
Minori: I'm so curious...but okay. Let's sing first!
Minori: Sorry for keeping you all waiting! This song is for all of you who came to watch us today!
Minori: We hope you enjoy it! DREAM PLACE!


2 [MUSIC] 252: DREAM PLACE

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023minori_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Minori: Thank you for listening, everyone! Did you enjoy that?
Minori: Hehehe, I'm glad!
Airi: Alright, it's time for that final special message!
Haruka: Okay.  Minori, allow me to read this one out.
Minori: Sure! I wonder who this really special person is...
Haruka: "Dear Minori, you were brimming with life even before you were born. I could really feel it in every kick."
Haruka: "You would bounce around so much, your dad and I would worry that you'd get entangled in the umbilical cord."
Minori: Huh? Mom?
Haruka: "Thankfully, you were born healthy and with a passion for life. Now, you're an idol, and you're spreading that hope to lots of people."
Haruka: "That's why, Minori, your dad and I are both so proud of you."
Haruka: "We'll always be there for you. So when times get tough, don't hesitate to reach out to us."
Haruka: "You're always striving to do your best. I love you so, so, so much. Love, Mom."
Minori: Oh...
Minori: M-Mooom!
Minori: W-Waaah! Mooom! Th-Thank you for buh...bringing me into this world!
Airi: Oh, trust Minori to burst into tears and attempt to talk through them...
MEIKO: They're really proud of her... Those are some very moving words. Especially when they come from your family.
Shizuku: Yeah...even I'm feeling a little teary-eyed.
Airi: M-Me too...
Minori: H-Haruka, th-thank you for reading that one out...
Haruka: Oh no, it was an honor to read out such a precious message.
MEIKO: Minori, please make sure to express your gratitude to your mother when you get back.
Minori: Yes! I most definitely will!
Minori: Thank you everyone for coming to celebrate my birthday today!
Minori: It's thanks to all of your support that I am able to stand here today!
Minori: I...
Minori: I... I promise to push and push and push myself to become an even better idol!
Minori: I'll keep going so that I can inspire people to have hope for tomorrow—hope to try their hardest! That's the idol I want to be!
Haruka: Yes, let's do it. Together.
Airi: Yeah!
Shizuku: Yeah!
MEIKO: I have faith in all of you!  You have my support♪
Minori: Thank you...everyone!
Minori: And thank you all for being here today!  I hope you will continue to support us!
