233 To You, My Caring Companion After Show (event_96)

1 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_32_1

(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mizuki)
Ena: Oh, there you are. Come on, Mafuyu was able to make it today, so hurry up and tell us about the fair.
Kanade: Huh...? Mafuyu, didn't you have cram school today?
Mafuyu: It's break time right now. I should be able to stay, but not for long.
Kanade: Oh, I see. I'm glad to see you, even if it's just for a little bit...
(Enter: Luka)
Luka: Oh? It seems pretty lively over here. What are you all talking about?
(Exit: Luka)
(Enter: Luka)
Kanade: Luka...!
Ena: Kanade and Mizuki went to this convention called the Phoenix Bridal Fair, so I wanted to hear about it.
Luka: Bridal? So, a convention related to weddings? That sounds like fun. I'd like to hear this too.
Mizuki: Okay! There's a bunch I wanna tell you guys, but... Yeah, I think I should start with Honami.
Mafuyu: So Mochizuki was there with you...
Kanade: Yeah. Actually, this all started when Ms. Mochizuki invited me. And we met Otori there, so the four of us went around together.
Ena: You saw Emu too?! Aw, I wish I could've gone...
Mizuki: Haha! It really was fun. And Honami's such a nice person...
Ena: Right? Honami's honest, kind, and really cute!
Mizuki: Why are you bragging about her, Ena? Oh yeah. Kanade, did Honami like the bouquet you gave her?
Kanade: Yeah. She was really happy about it. Thanks for helping me with that, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Hehehe, you're welcome!
Kanade: Ms. Mochizuki really has done so much for me all this time, so I'm glad I was able to show her my gratitude...
Luka: Oh, is that so?
Kanade: Yeah. Actually, she invited me to the bridal fair because she was concerned about me working too hard on my composing.
Kanade: But that's not all. Cooking, laundry... All the housework she does, she does with real care.
Kanade: Not just because it's her job, but because she's really trying to look after me.
Kanade: She's always by my side, supporting me.
Mizuki: Right... I really felt that too, talking to her.
Kanade: Yeah. I'm sure she's part of the reason I'm able to keep composing.
Kanade: So, Mafuyu... I'll definitely make a song that will save you someday.
Mafuyu: Yeah... I know.
Luka: Hehe. Kanade, you seem so reinvigorated.
Luka: It must have been a good change of pace for you.
Kanade: Oh... Yeah, it was.
Ena: Hehe. That's great, Kanade.
Mizuki: Alrighty! Then how about we get one more change of pace?
Mafuyu: What do you mean?
Mizuki: I mean us singing together! It feels great singing here after all! What do you think, Kanade?
Kanade: Okay. I want to sing too. I hope you'll all listen.
Kanade: Kimi no Yoru Wo Kure.


2 [MUSIC] 237: Kimi no Yoru Wo Kure

3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_32_2

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Luka)
Kanade: Phew... Getting to sing like that was pretty refreshing. Thank you, everyone. I had fun singing with you.
Ena: Yeah, I had fun too. But I still want to hear more about the bridal fair.
Kanade: Sure. Um, Ms. Mochizuki and I put on wedding dresses and participated in this show—


4 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_32_3

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: ...and that's how they were able to get rid of the vampire, thanks to Hona holding her back!
Saki: Wow...! That's so cool, Hona!
Honami: Th-This is kind of embarrassing...
Ichika: Hehe. But it's great to hear that Kanade enjoyed herself.
Honami: Oh... Yes!
Shiho: And she even gave you a present. You said it was a bouquet, right? Where is it now?
Honami: I have it set on my desk. It's so beautiful, and... I catch myself staring at it without realizing.
Miku (Ln): I see. That must be because it's filled with this Ms. Yoisaki's feelings.
Honami: Right...
Honami: Looking at the flowers, I can tell she thought about me a lot when picking them out... And I feel this warmth build up in my chest.
Rin: Wow, that's so sweet!
Honami: Huh?
Rin: I mean, don't you think?! The way you always do your best for Ms. Yoisaki... All your warm and fuzzy feelings reached her...
Rin: And now those warm feelings have made their way from Ms. Yoisaki back to you!
Ichika: Looking at it that way... You're right, it is pretty wonderful.
Rin: Right?! I'm sure that's what those vows mean too!
Saki: Huh? What? What do you mean?
Rin: Hehe! Hona told me. Your vows are a promise to stay with someone no matter what and put your heart into caring for them!
Rin: And caring for the other person with your whole heart isn't just one-sided.
Rin: Just like Hona puts her whole heart into her work... This Ms. Yoisaki cares a lot about Hona too!
Ichika: Hehe. I'm sure Kanade has made Honami smile a lot, just like Honami has made her smile.
Honami: That's true. Whenever she says she likes the food I make, or gives me a wonderful gift like she did the other day...
Honami: Ms. Yoisaki makes me smile quite a lot!
Miku (Ln): Hehe... I see. Honami, you look really refreshed. I bet you could sing a great song right now.
Honami: Oh... You may be right. Would you all mind singing with me?
Ichika: That sounds good. Since we have an audience, let's show them our best singing.
Honami: Thank you. Okay, here we go. Tale of the Deep-sea Lily.
(Exit: Rin)


5 [MUSIC] 75: Tale of the Deep-sea Lily

6 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_32_4

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: Rin)
Honami: Thank you for singing with me, everyone! I had so much fun!
Honami: Rin, everyone, thank you for listening. I hope you were able to feel at least some of my gratitude.
Honami: I hope these warm feelings keep spreading... And reach those precious to me, and those precious to you.
Rin: You should all try conveying your gratitude to those people too☆ I'm sure it'll make you feel all warm inside☆
Honami: Hehe. Okay, we'll see you all next time! Bye bye!
