242 Our Constellation of Song After Show (event_101)

1 [mc] mc_ev_band_14_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
Saki: The shooting stars were so beautiful!
Ichika: Yeah. I'm glad we got the chance to see them.
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku (Ln): Oh, Ichika, you guys... You're all here?
KAITO: We thought you'd be at home resting now that your show's over.
Ichika: Miku, KAITO! Actually, we're here because there's something we wanted to tell you all.
Miku (Ln): Tell us...?
Saki: Just now, we were all out looking at shooting stars!
Honami: There's a meteor shower that's about to reach its peak called the Perseid meteor shower.
Shiho: We got to see it on our way home from the show.
Ichika: Yeah. It reminded us of when we were kids, and it got us talking...
Ichika: About how this is a great opportunity to watch the shooting stars with all of you. So that's why we're here.
Honami: We won't be able to see them for a while, but we were wondering if you'd like to join us the next time we go.
KAITO: Shooting stars...
Miku (Ln): Yeah, I want to see them. I'm sure Luka and the others would love to come too.
Saki: Great! I'm so happy we get to see them with all of you too!
KAITO: Thank you for inviting us.
KAITO: A meteor shower... I'm looking forward to it.
Miku (Ln): Yeah, me too.
Miku (Ln): It must have been wonderful to watch shooting stars together again.
Ichika: Yeah!
Ichika: And... We're grateful to all of you. You're always watching over us.
Honami: We've caused you to worry about us all this time.
Shiho: Yeah, that's true...
Saki: You guys are the reason we got to look at the stars and make a wish together again!
KAITO: A wish...
KAITO: Did you make the same wish? That you'd always be together?
Saki: Yeah! We all wished that we could be together forever...
Honami: And that we'll be able to see lots more meteor showers together.
Miku (Ln): I see.
Ichika: Yeah. Oh, and... This isn't exactly a "wish", but...
Ichika: I thought to myself that I really want to keep connecting people through song...
Ichika: So that we can stay together forever.
Shiho: Ichika...
Ichika: To encourage the people who hear our music to face forward so they may connect with someone important to them someday...
Ichika: And...to make sure all of us can stay together.
Ichika: That's why I want to keep singing.
KAITO: I see...
KAITO: I felt that from you during the show too, Ichika...
Miku (Ln): So did I. When we sang together, I could feel your determination, your vigor—everything.
Shiho: True... I felt that too, playing next to you.
KAITO: I want to hear it again.
Ichika: Huh?
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Agreed. I want another taste of what we felt during the show.
Saki: Ooh! Should we go for it, then?!
Ichika: Saki... Okay. Shiho, Honami, is that okay with you?
Shiho: Sure thing.
Honami: Yes!
Ichika: Okay everyone, here we go!
Ichika: ray!
(Exit: KAITO)


2 [MUSIC] 148: ray

3 [mc] mc_ev_band_14_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: That was a great performance, everyone.
Ichika: Thank you, KAITO!
Ichika: What did you all think?
Ichika: I tried to put everything I'm feeling into that song... I hope at least some of it came across.
Miku (Ln): I'm sure it did.
Ichika: Yeah.
Ichika: I'm going to keep singing.
Ichika: To move the hearts of everyone who listens... With Saki, Shiho and Honami by my side.
Saki: Yeah!
Shiho: Right... Let's keep making music, the four of us.
Honami: Together... Forever.
Ichika: So, we hope you'll all continue watching us.
Ichika: Okay, see you next time.
Saki: Bye bye!
