245 Bustling Cafe ●REC! After Show (event_102)

1 [MUSIC] 19: Charles

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_34_1

(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
Mizuki: Wow, I feel like I'm kinda on a roll today!
Ena: Yeah, I noticed that you were sharper than usual. Did something happen?
Mizuki: Hehe, I finally got that lace asset I'd had my eyes on since a while ago!
Ena: Really? So that's why you're in a good mood.
Ena: By the way, you mentioned that Airi asked you to fill in for a job, right?
Mizuki: Yeah, I sure did!
Mizuki: I can't believe I got to see an MMJ shoot happening right in front of me!
Ena: That program was the one trending on social media recently, right?
Ena: Airi and the girls have been getting more engagement too. I'm so happy for them!
Mizuki: Hehehe. As a dedicated fan of MORE MORE JUMP!, I can't help but feel proud!
Ena: I don't get what you have to be so proud about...
Ena: Either way, make sure you keep next weekend free.
Mizuki: Huh? Wait, what's with that all of a sudden? Where is this conversation going?
Ena: After seeing those photos, I feel like going and trying it out myself.
Ena: But there's no way I can eat all of that on my own, so I want you to join me.
Mizuki: You don't want to "try it", you just want to get them pics.
Ena: And? This way, we'll get the best of both worlds. It's both delicious and beautiful.
Ena: I'll book a table for us, okay?
Mizuki: Heeey, don't just go off making your own plans.
Mizuki: But alright, I'll go with you.
Mizuki: I guess I'll enjoy the experience as a customer this time.


3 [MUSIC] 213: The Vampire

4 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_34_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
Miku (MMJ): Hehe, you were all so amazing today♪
Airi: I could say the same for you Miku! I felt like you were more energetic than usual.
Airi: Could it be because of that "thing" after this?
Miku (MMJ): Hehehe... Was it that obvious?
Miku (MMJ): I've been excited ever since we talked about it. And I'm glad to say that...
Miku (MMJ): Cafe SEKAI is open for business♪
Minori: Yay! I've been looking forward to it so much!
Shizuku: We did bring snacks and sweets over, but we still don't know what kind of cafe awaits us.
Haruka: Hehe, I can't wait.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe, it turned out so wonderfully! Also, the uniforms I told you about are—
Airi: Slow down there, Miku. If you mention any more, you'll spoil the surprise!
Miku (MMJ): Ah, you're right!
Miku (MMJ): Thank you, Airi!
Haruka: Hold on... Do you know what they have in store for us today, Airi?
Minori: Wait, do you?!
Airi: Well... I'd say I know just a little more than the rest of you.
Airi: That's only because they asked me to advise them as one of their official organizers.
Shizuku: Oh, I had no idea!
Miku (MMJ): Your advice really helped us out, Airi!
Miku (MMJ): Even when some things we wanted to do didn't seem feasible, you told us how we could tweak them to make them work.
Miku (MMJ): Thanks to your help, I'm confident that we can give you the best service possible at Cafe SEKAI♪
Shizuku: Hehe, I'm getting more and more excited.
Minori: Me too! I can't wait to go to Cafe SEKAI!
Miku (MMJ): Great! Everything should sort itself out soon, so let's head over!
Minori: Everything should sort itself out...?
Miku (MMJ): Ah! No, no! I mean, it's not what you think!
Airi: Did something go wrong with the prep?
Haruka: If you need more time, we can come back later.
Miku (MMJ): N-No, it's fine! Really! We just had to prepare a lot of different things!
Miku (MMJ): So... We need just a LITTLE bit more time, that's all!
Haruka: If you say so...
Airi: We really will make our way over right now, you know?
Miku (MMJ): G-Great! That's totally fine. As everything...should be!
Haruka: Miku's not very good at being subtle, is she?
Minori: Do you think it's really okay for us to head over right now?
Minori: Aaaahh!
Shizuku: W-What was that sound?
Miku (MMJ): Ah... Oh no...
Miku (MMJ): We said we were going to set off the crackers as soon as the girls came in so we could surprise them...
Miku (MMJ): I hope everything's going to be okay... I was supposed to stall while they fixed the cake decorations since we failed so many times...
Airi: You know you're saying this all aloud, right?
Haruka: This is starting to sound like we should head there ASAP, don't you think?
Minori: Y-Yeah...
Shizuku: I agree... It sounds like something might have gone wrong...
Airi: I think so too. This isn't exactly how anyone pictured this, but let's head over.
Airi: This cafe might bring us a different kind of fun and anticipation.
(Exit: Minori)
(Exit: Haruka)
(Exit: Airi)
(Exit: Shizuku)
(Exit: Miku-MMJ)
