252 Emu's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023emu_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Luka)
Tsukasa: All right, it seems we've gathered a fairly sizable audience. Shall we get on with the show?
Luka: Hehehe. I'm so excited to celebrate Emu's birthday.
Emu: Hehe. I can't wait either☆
Tsukasa: Are you ready, everyone?! Here we go!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Emu!
Nene: Happy birthday!
Rui: Happy birthday!
Luka: Happy birthday!
Emu: Yaaay! Thanks, everybody!
Emu: And thanks to all of you out there too!
Emu: Oh yeah! So we've decided to spread our wings outside Phoenix Wonderland to do shows in a bunch of different places!
Emu: Which means we won't get to perform on the Wonder Stage for a while.
Emu: But! I promise to learn lots of things and get more experience until I become Super Ultra Ultimate Perfect Phoenix Emu!
Nene: Well that sounds...impressive.
Emu: No no no! Not "sounds impressive", "is impressive"♪ It's the Super Ultra Ultimate Perfect Phoenix Emu☆
Tsukasa: I think you just like saying that name.
Rui: Well, there is such a thing as the power of words.
Rui: If she continues to call that name with a strong image in her heart, she may be more likely to make it a reality.
Emu: For real?! Okaaay, here goooes!
Emu: Super Ultra Ultimate Perfect Phoenix Emu! Super Ultra Ultimate Perfect Phoenix Emu! Super Ultra Ultimate Perfect Phoenix Emuuuuu!
Emu: She's got wings and she's super flamy and mega buff, and she makes everyone smile, and then, uhh...
Nene: Did she say "mega buff"?
Tsukasa: Yes... She also said she wants wings...
Rui: Birds do have impeccably strong pectoral muscles.
Tsukasa: Stop acting like that made sense!
Luka: Hehe. It seems like everyone in the audience is smiling. Wonderful work, all of you!
Emu: Heh heh heh!
Nene: Not that I don't love watching you ham it up, but isn't it about time we start the show?
Emu: Oh! That's right!
Emu: Everybody! We're gonna do a show to show how hard we're gonna work, so I hope you'll watch☆
Emu: Ready? Here we go!
Emu: Hoshizora Orchestra!


2 [MUSIC] 282: Hoshizora Orchestra

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023emu_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Luka)
Emu: Thanks for all the cheers, everyone☆
Luka: Emu?
Rui: What's the matter?
Emu: Hehe... Today I put a different feeling into the song than when we sang it before.
Emu: Back then, I only thought about wanting to support all of your dreams.
Emu: But today I thought, "I want to work really hard toward my dreams too!"
Emu: And now I feel all this super hyper pumped excitement ready to burst out!
Emu: Waaah! I can't stand waiting till the next show!
Rui: Aw, Emu...
Tsukasa: Nice, Emu! This is precisely why you are our Dream Team Cheer Squad Captain!
Emu: Awww! You remembered!
Tsukasa: Of course I did! We're all part of the Dream Team Cheer Squad!
Nene: Yeah.
Nene: Emu, let's keep working hard together.
Rui: Yes. All of us together, so we may reach our dreams.
Emu: Tsukasa... Nene... Rui...!
Emu: Yes! Let's do our best, together!
Luka: That's lovely, Emu.
Luka: Hehehe. If I went to sleep right now, I'm sure I would have the most...wonderfu...drea... Zzz...
Emu: Ah! Luka's passing out!
Tsukasa: Oh no! Quick, Emu! Close us out!
Emu: Okie dokie!
Emu: Everybody! Thank you so much for coming to celebrate my birthday with me!
Emu: We're gonna keep putting on sooo many shows, so I hope you're as excited as I am!
Luka: I...am... Zzz... Zzz...
Nene: She's responding in her sleep.
Rui: I would expect nothing less.
Tsukasa: Come on...
Tsukasa: Well everyone, let us meet again in SEKAI!
Emu: See you later!
