260 Honami's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023honami_1

(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Saki: Alright, Hona. Wait here while we finish prepping for the party. We'll be done in no time!
Saki: If you could keep her company, MEIKO♪
MEIKO: Of course. I'll keep her entertained.
(Exit: Saki)
MEIKO: Looks like we'll be able to chat for a little longer.
Honami: Yes. But what else should we catch up on?
Honami: We've already talked about practice and how excited we are for the party...
MEIKO: Then... How do you feel about turning another year older?
Honami: How do I feel?
MEIKO: Yeah. I mean, isn't a birthday a sort of milestone or time for new beginnings?
Honami: I suppose you're right. Hmm... How do I feel right now...?
Honami: I feel like I've gotten stronger than before.
Honami: So I hope I can keep up this momentum and hold my head high.
MEIKO: I like that! I think not only are you kind, but you've gotten really cool too.
Honami: Hehe. It's encouraging to hear you say that.
MEIKO: By the way, what do you think about your past self?
Honami: My past...self?
Honami: I think it really was cowardly to be so scared about being disliked.
Honami: I didn't want to hurt others or get hurt myself...
Honami: Because of that, I was often at a standstill... But, I don't want to resent who I was back then.
Honami: I know that I wouldn't be who I am today if I had not gone through all of that.
Honami: Rather than regretting the past, I'd like to think I've found a stronger way to be kind.
MEIKO: You truly have become such a cool person. I hope you maintain that mindset.
MEIKO: And would you look at that. I think all your well-wishers here would agree.
Honami: Huh? Oh, when did everyone...
Honami: Hello everyone. Sorry for not including you all in the conversation.
MEIKO: Looks like they didn't mind.
Honami: That's a relief. But since everyone has come all this way, shouldn't we—
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
Ichika: Sorry for the wait, Honami! We've finished prepping for the party!
Honami: Oh, you're back!
Honami: I know! Hey everyone, could we all play a little something?
Shiho: Wait, right now?
Honami: Yeah. I want to do something for everyone who came.
Saki: Wow! There's so many people! Did you all come to wish Hona a happy birthday?
Shiho: It's your birthday, and yet you want to perform for everyone?
Honami: Is that okay...?
Shiho: Of course. Why wouldn't it be?
MEIKO: In that case, I think I'll join in too.
Honami: Yes, please do!
Honami: Everyone! I hope enjoy my performance.
Honami: Here we go. Good Weather!


2 [MUSIC] 323: Good Weather

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023honami_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Honami: Thank you for listening, everyone!
Saki: While everybody's here, let's all wish Hona a happy birthday♪
Saki: Here we go!
Saki: Happy birthday, Hona♪
Ichika: Happy birthday!
Shiho: Happy birthday!
MEIKO: Happy birthday!
Honami: Thank you all!
Honami: I'm going to keep doing my best to deliver great performances.
MEIKO: Please do that, and also show us more of your cool side.
Honami: Hehe. Of course!
Honami: Thank you for today, everyone! Please come again to watch us perform.
Saki: See ya later!
