268 Shizuku's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023shizuku_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
Haruka: Hi, everyone! Are you all ready to celebrate?
Minori: We sure are! Ready to go whenever!
Airi: Alright, here we go! One, two, three!
Airi: Happy birthday, Shizuku!
Minori: Happy birthday!
Haruka: Happy birthday!
Miku (MMJ): Happy birthday!
Shizuku: Thank you, everyone! It makes me so happy to receive your birthday wishes.
Shizuku: And thank you to all of you who came to visit too!
Haruka: Hehe, that's a lot of cheering.
Airi: Let's keep up the excitement as we start our segment!
Minori: Yeah! Without further ado, we present...
Minori: "Recap time♪ Top memories with MORE MORE JUMP!, Shizuku edition!"
Haruka: Yay!
Airi: Yay!
Shizuku: Wow. I didn't realize you had something like this prepared!
Haruka: Yes. We've made so many wonderful memories on our path as idols...
Haruka: So we felt that we should take the opportunity to look back on them with everyone.
Airi: We'll be sharing some of our favorite memories that reminded us of your best qualities. You better look forward to it!
Shizuku: Thank you! It's a little embarrassing, but... I'm excited!
Miku (MMJ): Great! Your MC for today will be me, Miku♪ First up, let's hear from... Minori!
Minori: You got it! I will start us off! The memory of Shizuku I'd like to share is...
Minori: Without a doubt, the appearance of super charming☆waiter Shizuku during our cafe shoot!
Shizuku: Our cafe shoot...
Shizuku: Oh, do you mean the time when we all ate that really big strawberry parfait at the cafe you used to work at, Minori?
Minori: Yup! So many orders came in during the shoot and the cafe was struggling to get through them...
Minori: We were able to help out by masking it as a "cafe work experience." But then... Shizuku put on the men's uniform and started attending to the customers!
Minori: She looked so put together and cool!
Airi: I will say, it really did suit her! Her aura was so great that even I was blown away...
Minori: Oh, but that's not all... Even though things got super hectic, Shizuku gave each of her fans at the cafe the attention and service they deserved.
Minori: You're able to show how much you care about your fans in any situation, and I think that makes you really cool as an idol too!
Shizuku: Minori... Thank you. That's so sweet.
Miku (MMJ): Well, it doesn't stop there. Next up... Haruka!
Haruka: Don't mind if I do. The memory I'd like to share is...
Haruka: The time at the inn we went to recently, when Shizuku told Saito exactly what she was feeling.
Haruka: Shizuku kept thinking about what she could do to help her... She understood Saito's dilemma and gave her the push she needed.
Haruka: I really respect how Shizuku always tries so hard to deliver hope to everyone like that.
Shizuku: Haruka...
Shizuku: Thank you. I also have a lot of respect for all the hard work you do for your fans, Haruka.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Alright, last but not least is Airi... But first, it's time for a special show!
Miku (MMJ): You've picked a song for us, right, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes. Even though it's my birthday, I want everyone else to have a great time too. That's why I selected this song.
Shizuku: I'll be singing with all of my heart, so I hope you all enjoy it.
Shizuku: Without further ado, Kimagure Mercy!


2 [MUSIC] 281: Kimagure Mercy

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023shizuku_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
Shizuku: Thank you for listening, everyone! Did you all enjoy it?
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
Shizuku: Thank you all for singing with me too.
Haruka: On that note, shall we resume the segment?
Miku (MMJ): Yeah! Last up is Airi. What memory would you like to share, Airi?
Airi: I'd like to share the time when Shizuku gave a message to her fans during the iHaz shoot!
Airi: The way she opened up about her feelings in her own words without any doubt was just...so cool!
Airi: I was really moved hearing it as I stood beside her.
Airi: She has a direct, genuine approach to being an idol, and she always gives me strength and support. So...
Airi: I'll be counting on you from here on out, too!
Shizuku: Airi...
Shizuku: I'm always getting strength and support from you too, Airi. You continue to be my image of an idol, and that makes me strive to keep working hard.
Shizuku: So I'm looking forward to more years together!
Miku (MMJ): That was wonderful. All of these memories showcase Shizuku's amazing qualities.
Miku (MMJ): I'm sure everyone here feels the same, right?
Haruka: Hehe. I think they've made themselves clear.
Shizuku: Everyone. Thank you all so much for being here today.
Shizuku: After hearing what Airi and everyone had to say, I feel like I may be managing to grow one step at a time.
Shizuku: But that's thanks to everyone supporting me and giving me strength, just like you are right now.
Shizuku: So please, let me say this again.
Shizuku: Thank you so much for everything!
Shizuku: I'll do my best to keep growing alongside the other members of MORE MORE JUMP!, so I hope you all continue to watch over us!
Shizuku: Until next time, everyone!
