286 KAITO's Anniversary Show 2025

1 [mc] mc_bd_2024kaito_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: Sorry to keep you all waiting. I was discussing the next performance with Rin...
Minori: Oh, KAITO!
KAITO: You needed help with your planning session, yes? In that case, let's get...
Airi: But first! We're all gonna celebrate your special day, KAITO!
KAITO: What?
Haruka: Here we go, everybody. One, two...!
Minori: Happy anniversary, KAITO!
Haruka: Happy anniversary, KAITO!
Airi: Happy anniversary, KAITO!
Shizuku: Happy anniversary, KAITO!
KAITO: Oh... I see. I guess today is my anniversary...
KAITO: Does that mean...you're all here for me?
KAITO: So it's true... Thank you, I'm very happy to hear that!
KAITO: Still, I'd completely forgotten that today is my anniversary.
Shizuku: Miku and the others were right, then. They said you may have forgotten your own anniversary.
KAITO: They did?
Minori: Yes! Since you've been absorbed in coming up with ideas to improve everyone's performances or the stage equipment.
Minori: So, we planned this surprise celebration!
KAITO: So that's how it went... This is a wonderful surprise. Thank you so much for the anniversary wishes!
Airi: I'm glad to see you're happy about it. However... It doesn't end here!
Shizuku: Yes. Since it's your anniversary, we were hoping to hear from you. So it's time for...
Minori: "Special Anniversary Interview: Tell us how you feel!"
Haruka: "Special Anniversary Interview: Tell us how you feel!"
Airi: "Special Anniversary Interview: Tell us how you feel!"
Shizuku: "Special Anniversary Interview: Tell us how you feel!"
KAITO: An interview...?
Minori: I, Minori Hanasato, will be your interviewer today! Now, let's get right to it... Ahem!
Minori: Do you have any thoughts about this anniversary? Tell us about your plans for the next year!
Minori: Also, also... Do tell us all how you feel about this celebration!
KAITO: U-Um...
Airi: Cool it, Minori. You're leaving KAITO lost for words. How's he supposed to answer if you come in that hot?
Minori: Oh... R-Right. I just have so much I wanna ask him...! I'm sorry, KAITO!
KAITO: Haha... No, I apologize for not being able to answer.
KAITO: A lot of my work happens behind the scenes, so I'm not as used to ad-libbing as the others.
KAITO: However, I would like to express my gratitude to everyone who came to celebrate.
Haruka: You want to express your feelings... Then, how about a song?
Shizuku: That sounds delightful. After all, words aren't the only way to express how you feel.
KAITO: A song... Right, I like that idea!
KAITO: Please allow me to express this gratitude with the best performance I'm capable of.
KAITO: Will you all listen?
Airi: If that's what you want to do... Allow us to assist!
Minori: Yeah! Please let us help out with your show, KAITO!
KAITO: You'd do that? That's very reassuring, thank you!
KAITO: Okay then, shall we?
KAITO: Kiss the Villain.


2 [MUSIC] 377: Kiss the Villain

3 [mc] mc_bd_2024kaito_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: Thanks for listening, everyone! Did my feelings come across?
Haruka: It looks like they did.
KAITO: Great... And thank you all for singing with me.
Shizuku: Not at all, we're glad we were able to be of help on your special day.
Minori: Your dancing was sooo cool, KAITO! I was singing with you, but I almost got swept up watching!
KAITO: Haha. I'm glad I was able to put on a performance becoming of an idol.
KAITO: As a manager helping idols shine, or as an idol myself... I hope to have your support as I keep doing my best!
KAITO: Thank you so much for today! Now then, we'll see you later!


4 [mc] mc_bd_2024kaito_3

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku: Oh, KAITO. It looks like everyone's here to see you!
KAITO: Look at that. Welcome, everyone!
KAITO: Wait, you also celebrated with a SEKAI version of me? I see... That makes me kind of happy.
MEIKO: And it looks like they all had a great time!
KAITO: I'm glad to hear it. But... I want to make sure they have just as great a time here.
KAITO: I'd like to sing a song to thank you all for coming to celebrate... Will you listen?
Luka: Hehe. Looks like they're ready to go.
KAITO: I'd like it if you four could sing with me. What do you say?
Len: Sure thing! We've gotta make this your best anniversary ever, KAITO!
Rin: Woohoo! Then I'm gonna party it up with everybody in the audience♪
KAITO: Thanks, everyone. Okay... Here we go.
KAITO: ROKI.


5 [MUSIC] 2: ROKI

6 [mc] mc_bd_2024kaito_4

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Good stuff, everybody! KAITO, everyone, you were sooo cool!
Rin: You guys agree, right?!
KAITO: Thank you, Rin. And I'm glad you all had such a good time!
Luka: Now then... Once again, let's all wish KAITO a happy anniversary.
MEIKO: Sounds good!
Len: Alrighty! Well, here goes... Happy anniversary, KAITO!
Miku: Happy anniversary!
Rin: Happy anniversary!
Luka: Happy anniversary!
MEIKO: Happy anniversary!
KAITO: Thank you... All of you.
KAITO: And thanks to you all for coming!
KAITO: Singing with the others, having you all listen... It truly was a wonderful anniversary.
KAITO: I'm going to keep singing with as much feeling as I can. So please come listen again.
KAITO: Okay then, until we meet again!
