293 The First Concerto After Show (event_125)

1 [mc] mc_ev_street_16_1

(Enter: MEIKO)
MEIKO: My goodness... He said he'd look after the cafe, and yet I can't find him anywhere.
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: A-Ack! MEIKO!
MEIKO: Ah! There you are, KAITO! You promised to watch over the cafe today. Where have you been?
KAITO: I-I wasn't goofing off or anything! I was wondering if Toya would come for more advice on his songs, and time just flew by before I knew it!
MEIKO: Then why didn't you come as soon as you realized?
KAITO: Well, you know... I thought you'd be mad if I was late, so...
MEIKO: Of course I would be. But I'd say breaking a promise is worse than being tardy.
KAITO: *Sob* You've got me there...
(Enter: An)
An: Oh, there you are! MEIKO! KAITO!
(Exit: An)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
Toya: So this is where you two were. We were looking for you.
MEIKO: Oh hello, I didn't realize you were all coming together today.
KAITO: Y-You guys! I was in a real pinch just now! What brings you here?
Toya: We came over to tell you something.
KAITO: Tell us something?
MEIKO: Oh... Toya, I remember you telling us how you managed to compose one song a little while ago. Did you...
Toya: Yes.
Toya: I managed to finish composing all of our songs.
KAITO: R-Really?! Congratulations!
MEIKO: That's wonderful, Toya!
Toya: I wouldn't have been able to do it without your help, KAITO, MEIKO. Once again, thank you so much.
KAITO: No need to thank me! I barely did anything!
Akito: Funny, 'cause your face is saying something totally different.
An: Hahaha! His face is all like "Of course! What would you have done without me?"
MEIKO: Alright, then I think I'll just simply say, you're welcome.
MEIKO: But... I'm so proud of you, Toya.
MEIKO: I'm sure it wasn't easy facing your past.
Toya: Thank you, MEIKO.
Kohane: *Nod* I'm so happy for you, Aoyagi!
MEIKO: Before I forget, could you play all of the songs you composed at the cafe so we can all hear them?
KAITO: That's a great idea! It would be so much fun to listen to them together!
Toya: I think so too. But before we do that... Could we all sing one song together?
Toya: I'm feeling quite refreshed... I just couldn't help but feel like singing.
Akito: I get it. It's kinda natural after pushing through until the end.
KAITO: I think I'll enjoy this along with the audience! Besides, there's always a need for a hype man!
MEIKO: Hehe, that's true. Then I'd like to join in singing with you all.
Toya: Yes, please do.
Toya: If you all don't mind, I'd like you to listen as well. I'll be expressing my feelings through this song.
Toya: blender.
(Exit: KAITO)


2 [MUSIC] 404: blender

3 [mc] mc_ev_street_16_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Toya: *Exhale*
MEIKO: Calm and peaceful, but also full of passion...
MEIKO: That song really did fit you perfectly, Toya.
Toya: Thank you, MEIKO.
Toya: I thought that I was going to be an empty husk after putting my all into completing all of those songs...
Toya: However, I'm feeling much more energetic after hearing everyone's cheers.
Toya: Thank you for listening, everyone.
KAITO: Alright! Let's head back to the cafe and hear those tracks!
Akito: You're awfully cheerful, KAITO.
KAITO: Of course! The first song Toya showed me last time was so amazing!
KAITO: Actually, you've already listened to all of them, right? How were they?
Kohane: Oh... I was so moved! The last song is particularly impactful. When I heard the last chorus, I—
An: Alright, that's enough! Let that be something for them to look forward to!
KAITO: Whaaat? No fair!
MEIKO: Yes, yes. Let's all start heading over.
An: Okie dokie!
(Exit: MEIKO)
(Exit: Akito)
(Exit: KAITO)
(Exit: Kohane)
(Exit: An)
Toya: To be honest, I'd like you all to listen to the songs too...
Toya: However, I think I'll leave that for another day.
Toya: I'd like you all to hear them when we surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Toya: Now then, see you next time.
(Exit: Toya)
