302 Tsukasa's Birthday Show 2025

1 [mc] mc_bd_2024tsukasa_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Tsukasa: Thank you for gathering, fellow comrades! Today is the day a shining future star landed on this earth. It is the birthday of me, Tsukasa Tenma!
Tsukasa: To express my gratitude for your ongoing support, I will be performing a show for you all!
Tsukasa: As the star of the show, I'll be sure to put smiles on your faces even bigger than my own. Please enjoy!
Tsukasa: Now let's...
Rui: Actually, before that.
Tsukasa: Wh-What is going on?
Nene: I know you're itching to do the show, but just wait a second.
MEIKO: I think everyone here would like to wish you a happy birthday first, Tsukasa.
Emu: Are you ready? Here we go! One, two, three!
Emu: Happy birthday, Tsukasa!
Nene: Happy birthday!
Rui: Happy birthday!
MEIKO: Happy birthday!
Tsukasa: Wow...! Thank you, everyone.
Tsukasa: I'm very delighted to have such a grand celebration!
Emu: Yup yup♪ Everyone's wonderhoy celebratory feelings really came through!
Rui: Hehe. Our future star truly is amazing, to be surrounded by all these wonderful fans.
Tsukasa: Yes, indeed. After all, I've been blessed with meeting many different people!
Tsukasa: Thanks to meeting many talented actors such as Asahi and Bakuno, I've been able to improve and grow.
Tsukasa: And it was because Emu's brothers and the Phoenix Wonderland cast gave us the push we needed that we've been able to move to new stages.
Tsukasa: Above all, I have friends chasing their dreams alongside me, and MEIKO and the others' ongoing support as well. Not to mention everyone who watches over us!
Tsukasa: It is thanks to everyone that I am who I am today, and that's no exaggeration.
Tsukasa: To be blessed with so many wonderful encounters makes me the happiest person in the world!
Nene: Tsukasa...
Emu: Hehehe. It makes me super happy wonderhoy to hear you say that!
Emu: I think I've become the happiest person in the world too!
Tsukasa: Hm?
MEIKO: Hold on! If it's anyone who's the happiest in the world, it's me!
MEIKO: I would've never expected to be sooo happy celebrating your birthday!
Tsukasa: What?
Rui: Oh, I beg to differ. If it's about being the happiest, we haven't admitted defeat yet. Have we, Nene?
Nene: H-Hey, you can't just throw that to me!
Tsukasa: Hey! Don't ruin my moving speech with your little competition!
Tsukasa: Well, I suppose that all of you being the happiest in the world is what matters most...
Emu: Hahaha, that's true!
Tsukasa: Yes, that's all that matters... Hold on...
Rui: What's wrong?
Tsukasa: I was just thinking... Is it really alright for only us to be the happiest in the world?
Tsukasa: If anything, we should be making everyone here the happiest in the world as well!
Tsukasa: Through our shows, we spread joy to the audience. In return, we receive joy from seeing the smiles on their faces.
Tsukasa: If the audience's smiles are the best in the world, then that would make the cast the happiest people on this earth! As an actor, that is my ideal form of happiness!
Emu: *Nod* Yeah!
Rui: I couldn't agree more. I think I'll share that ideal with you.
Nene: Well, let's get started. Everyone's been waiting for our show.
Tsukasa: Yes, let's start! Apologies for the wait, everyone!
Tsukasa: Please accept this as a token of my gratitude! filament fever!


2 [MUSIC] 397: filament fever

3 [mc] mc_bd_2024tsukasa_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Tsukasa: Did my feelings of gratitude come across, everyone?
MEIKO: Hehe. Looks like they did. It was a wonderful show!
Emu: Were you able to become the happiest people in the world?
Rui: From what I can see, I think so.
Nene: I think so too.
Nene: I can tell from everyone's feelings that they enjoyed our show.
Tsukasa: Yes, and those feelings have reached me in full!
Tsukasa: I said that I'm blessed to have met many people... And those of you here are some of those people.
Tsukasa: I know that meeting all of you will be a source of strength for me with which to take on new challenges.
Tsukasa: I hope you will continue to support the dream-chasing pegasus Tsukasa Tenma! You won't be disappointed!
