307 Lead to Shine More After Show (event_133)

1 [mc] mc_ev_idol_17_1

(Enter: Len)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: Hmm, I wonder what Saito's "big news" was...
Len: It didn't seem like it would be bad news... Maybe she found a really good job for them.
KAITO: That would be great! But what job could be such big news? I can't help but wonder.
Len: KAITO, I know you're restless, but let's get back to practice.
Len: Don't worry. I know Minori and the others will tell us as soon as they can.
KAITO: Y-You're right... Okay, back to practice—
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Minori: Ah, there you are! KAITO! Len!
KAITO: Girls! You're all here.
Haruka: Yes, we have something to tell you all.
Len: Is it about the "big news"? KAITO has been practically too worried to practice...
KAITO: L-Len!
Airi: Hehe. We actually have two announcements, but let's start with the "big news."
Minori: Drumroll...! MORE MORE JUMP! may become regulars on a TV show! Maybe!
KAITO: Wow, really?!
Shizuku: Yes, the director of "The Town Revitalization Team!" invited us to be part of a new program.
KAITO: So that means... We could get to see you on TV every week!
KAITO: I should set up a projector. But, if it's going to be weekly, maybe we need a special screening room...
Airi: Slow down a bit there, KAITO.
Haruka: It's not confirmed yet, and we won't even start filming until after that.
KAITO: Ah... Right.
KAITO: It's still amazing even to have an offer like that.
Len: You'll be able to reach more and more people for sure.
Haruka: Right. Which is why we want to talk to the director about how the program can best show what kind of group we are.
Len: I see... You're even more on the ball today, Haruka.
Minori: Hehehe. Right?! Which brings us to...
Minori: Announcement two! Haruka is going to be MORE MORE JUMP!'s producer!
KAITO: Huh? Producer?
Haruka: Of course, we'll decide the most important things together, the same way we always have.
Haruka: But I'll take the lead on considering our work priorities moving forward.
KAITO: I see. That sounds like hard work... But I know you can handle it.
KAITO: After all, your recent thoughtfulness led to a great opportunity for MORE MORE JUMP!
Len: I agree. Do your best, Haruka!
Haruka: Thank you both so much.
Haruka: I know I still have a lot to learn, but I'm going to do my best...
Haruka: And make MORE MORE JUMP! into a group that can bring hope to everyone in Japan.
Minori: Wow... Haruka, you're so cool!
Airi: Why are you getting all impressed?
KAITO: I understand how Minori feels, though. Haruka's words just now carried so much resolve.
Haruka: Resolve, huh...
Haruka: Hey, everyone. Could we sing a song together?
Haruka: As a sign of our resolve... And, so I can express to you what I'm feeling right now.
Shizuku: Yes, of course.
KAITO: Could I join in too, Haruka? I want to hear those feelings up close.
Haruka: Yes, of course.
Haruka: I hope you'll all listen, too.
Haruka: Here we go. This is Supernova.
(Exit: Len)


2 [MUSIC] 457: Supernova

3 [mc] mc_ev_idol_17_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: KAITO)
Haruka: Phew... Thank you all for listening. Did my feelings make it to you?
Len: You sang wonderfully, Haruka.
KAITO: Yes! I could really feel your drive to lead MORE MORE JUMP! even higher.
Haruka: Thank you very much.
Haruka: I want to help all of us, including myself, shine more and more.
Haruka: We will reach those heights, and become top idols that spread hope across the country.
Airi: We'll be counting on you, Haruka.
Shizuku: Yes. Let's make it happen.
Haruka: Thank you all so much for cheering us on. We've come this far because of your support.
Haruka: I hope you'll keep watching over us, so we can make all our dreams come true.
Minori: Thank you all!
KAITO: Hehe. I'm already looking forward to seeing what they do next.
Len: Yes, me too.
Airi: Now, let's go tell Miku and the others too.
Minori: Okay!
Haruka: See you again, everyone.
(Exit: Minori)
(Exit: Haruka)
(Exit: Airi)
(Exit: Shizuku)
(Exit: Len)
(Exit: KAITO)
