317 Chase My Ideal Idol! After Show (event_138)

1 [mc] mc_ev_idol_18_1

(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Rin)
Airi: Thanks for practicing with me, Rin! That was a great session.
Rin: It was my pleasure! I was so happy to practice with you, Airi!
Rin: You have another practice with the others after this, right?
Airi: Yeah. I'll be meeting up with them very soon, so I should head back to get ready.
(Enter: Minori)
Minori: Oh, Airi. We had a feeling you were in SEKAI!
(Exit: Minori)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Airi: Huh? What are you all doing here?
Haruka: We couldn't find you at the MORE MORE HOUSE, so we thought you might be practicing in SEKAI.
Shizuku: And that's when we decided that we might as well stay and practice.
Airi: I see.
Rin: Oh! Then this means I get to practice with all of you today! Yay♪
Haruka: Hehe. Someone's really pumped.
Rin: Sure am! But to be honest, I'd say Airi has bested me in that department!
Rin: I mean, she's been coming over to SEKAI for practice even though the festival's over!
Minori: R-Really?! I need to follow your example!
Airi: Rin, c'mon... You didn't have to tell them that...
Airi: But... You're right. I am feeling super pumped right now.
Airi: I never want to forget the feeling I had during that joint performance...
Airi: I can't let myself be satisfied with just this if I want to achieve my goal!
Shizuku: Airi...
Airi: I have an idea! Why don't we sing a song? I want to express how I'm feeling.
Airi: A warm-up for all of you, as well as motivation for me and Rin for part two of practice!
Shizuku: Yes, I'd like that!
Minori: Me too, me too! I want to sing too!
Haruka: Sounds good. Let's all sing together.
Airi: Thank you. Alright, then here we go!
Airi: KILLER!


2 [MUSIC] 474: KILLER

3 [mc] mc_ev_idol_18_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Wow... Look, Airi! All these people gathered here out of nowhere!
Airi: Oh, you're right! Were you all watching us sing?
Shizuku: That's one incredible cheer... I think your feelings came through, Airi.
Minori: I felt them too singing next to you! Your love for idols and desire to shine brighter than ever!
Haruka: Me too. It made me remember how you were during Idol Lovers.
Airi: Hehe, I appreciate the compliments!
Airi: Speaking of Idol Lovers... I want to thank you all again.
Shizuku: Thank us?
Airi: Yes. You and Haruka coached me. Minori, you trained alongside me. Rin, you and the others watched me practice.
Airi: With help and support from so many people, I was able to reach that view I wanted to see.
Airi: So, thank you so much!
Minori: Airi...
Haruka: We should be the ones thanking you.
Haruka: Seeing you work so hard made me want to refine my own performance...
Haruka: Our Idol Lovers performance was only such a success because of you, Airi.
Shizuku: I agree. You motivated us to put on the best performance we could.
Rin: What they said! I saw the video of the show, and you really were glowing, Airi!
Airi: Everyone...
Airi: Really, truly... Thank you! It makes me happy to hear that.
Airi: However... I'm only just getting started!
Minori: What?
Airi: Like I said, all I did was get closer to my goal. I can't be satisfied with just this.
Airi: In order to become the ideal idol, I've got to keep moving forward!
Rin: Hehe, of course you'd say that!
Haruka: That's our Airi. Alright, in that case... Today's practice will be another intense one.
Airi: Great! I wouldn't have it any other way!
Airi: I've still got a long way to go, but...
Airi: I'm gonna keep dancing, singing and working to become a super idol who can spread hope from anywhere!
Airi: So, don't you dare take your eyes off of me!
Rin: Wow! Everyone's cheering so loud!
Airi: Hehe. Your cheers are what fuels me.
Airi: Thank you for coming today! See you next time!
