320 With You at SEKAI's Beginnings After Show (event_140)

1 [mc] mc_ev_piapro_wl_01_1

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku: Oh, hey everybody!
Rin: Hello!
Len: We've been waiting!
MEIKO: It's wonderful to see you all!
Miku: Thanks for watching over those SEKAI with us!
KAITO: We certainly didn't expect to see how they began.
Luka: Definitely. We've been watching over everyone too, so it was surprising to realize we didn't know the whole story.
Rin: Yeah, for sure! But it was nice to learn something new.
Rin: Plus, I had a whole lot of fun watching idol me's show!
MEIKO: Oh, Rin.
Miku: Still... I'm glad too.
Miku: We got in touch with the initial feelings of our SEKAI counterparts, back when each SEKAI was still new...
Miku: Those feelings helped the others find their own true feelings and move forward. Just the thought of that...
Miku: It made me want to try even harder!
Rin: Oh... I totally get that! I was just thinking how I wanna find more I can do for them!
Rin: Also... When I saw idol us working so hard, it felt kinda frustrating how we can't do anything.
KAITO: I agree. I realize they're capable of doing their part without direct assistance from us, of course...
MEIKO: Even then, it's only natural to want to help.
Luka: Very true...
Len: Then... Let's sing!
Miku: Huh?
Len: So, I actually heard SEKAI me and Rin sing! They were practicing so they could get better and help the others...
Len: And when I heard them, this voice inside told me I can't let them have all the fun!
Len: So I was thinking, if we sing and put on an energizing performance, maybe some of that will reach our SEKAI selves and everyone else!
MEIKO: Yes... That sounds like a great idea!
Miku: Yeah!
Miku: Then, let's sing out to reach everyone in their SEKAI!
Miku: Can we count on all of you to bring the love?
Miku: Thank you! Okay, here we go!
Miku: I'm Mine!


2 [MUSIC] 368: I'm Mine

3 [mc] mc_ev_piapro_wl_01_2

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku: Thanks, everyone!
Rin: That was sooo fun! I got all excited to be singing!
Len: Same!
KAITO: And thank you all for bringing the love!
MEIKO: With all this energy, there's no doubt we reached everyone in their SEKAI!
Luka: Yes, I'm sure we succeeded.
Miku: Thank you all so much. We're very grateful to you for always watching over them with us.
Miku: I'm sure they'll continue making their dreams come true, one step at a time.
Miku: So, we're going to keep singing for them... To cheer them on, and our SEKAI selves too.
Miku: And of course, we'll also keep singing for all of you!
KAITO: Ah, I think it's about time we wrapped things up.
Luka: It's a shame, but let's meet again soon.
MEIKO: Let's all sing another song together then!
Rin: We can hype things up lots and lots!
Miku: Okay, thank you all for coming today! Your support means the world to us!
Len: Goodbye! Bye bye! See you!
KAITO: Goodbye! Bye bye! See you!
MEIKO: Goodbye! Bye bye! See you!
