333 Halloween Show 2025

1 [mc_timeline] mc_2024halloween_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Airi: Happy Halloween, everyone!
Minori: Happy Halloween!
Miku (MMJ): Happy Halloween!
Haruka: Happy Halloween!
Shizuku: Happy Halloween!
Minori: Welcome to our Halloween show!
Haruka: Are you all enjoying the holiday?
Shizuku: We just finished having fun in costumes and spooky makeup.
Miku (MMJ): The costumes and makeup were so much fun♪ I had black paint all around my eyes!
Airi: Hehe. You had a lot of fun startling everyone with that skull face paint.
Miku (MMJ): I did♪ It came out so well that I just had to show everyone!
Minori: Your makeup did turn out really well.
Minori: When you said, "Look at me!" and I turned around, I was so scared I screamed!
Haruka: And that startled you right back, and you jumped out of your skin.
Airi: Why don't you all put on some makeup yourselves and prank your family or friends?
Airi: Okay, on to what everyone's been waiting for, our show!
Minori: Everyone! If you don't have lots of fun and smile for us, we'll trick you!
Airi: Huh? Smile?
Shizuku: So it's not trick or treat, but smile or treat?
Minori: Oh, um... I decided to make it more idol-ish!
Haruka: Hehe, you did a good job.
Miku (MMJ): Just perfect for Halloween!
Airi: Okay, everyone! Remember, big smiles and cheers so you don't get tricked!
Haruka: The Vampire!
Minori: The Vampire!
Shizuku: Happy Halloween!
Miku (MMJ): The Vampire!
Airi: The Vampire!


2 [MUSIC] 213: The Vampire

3 [mc] mc_2024halloween_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
Minori: Thank you all so much!
Haruka: Thank you!
Airi: Thank you!
Shizuku: Thank you!
Miku (MMJ): Thank you!
Shizuku: We could all feel just how much fun you were having!
Haruka: Right. No need to worry about getting tricked by Minori, I think.
Minori: Hehehe. Thank goodness!
Airi: It's a little sad saying goodbye when everyone's all smiles, but it's time to go!
Miku (MMJ): Right. I hope you all have a fun Halloween!
Minori: Bye bye!


4 [mc_timeline] mc_2024halloween_3

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Len)
KAITO: It looks like everyone in SEKAI is enjoying Halloween, too.
MEIKO: Yes, their performance was spooky, but very cute! Very like them.
Len: It really came through how much they wanted to give everyone a fun Halloween!
(Enter: Luka)
Luka: Well, we can't let them beat us on that front.
(Exit: Luka)
KAITO: That voice...
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
Luka: Happy Halloween♪
Miku: Happy Halloween♪
Rin: Happy Halloween♪
MEIKO: Hehe, you three are in high spirits.
Len: I bet you came to get candy!
Rin: Hehehe. I wonder!
Rin: Miku, Luka, here we go! One, two, three...♪
Luka: Smile or treat!
Miku: Smile or treat!
Rin: Smile or treat!
Len: Hey, wait a minute!
KAITO: We've heard that before somewhere.
MEIKO: Yes. That's a tricky one, though. If you can't give a big smile, you get tricked.
Miku: That's right.
Miku: And that goes for all of you too. If you aren't beaming by the end of our song, we'll have to trick you♪
Miku: Here we go!
Luka: Dance Robot Dance!
Miku: Dance Robot Dance!
Rin: Dance Robot Dance!


5 [MUSIC] 68: Dance Robot Dance

6 [mc] mc_2024halloween_4

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku: Thank you all for listening to our song♪
Rin: Hmm, let's see. Is everyone smiling big and bright?
Luka: It looks like everyone is smiling, after all.
Len: We had a lot of fun too!
MEIKO: Your Halloween show was a big success!
Miku: Yeah♪ All those practice sessions we had in secret were worth it.
KAITO: By the way, you three...
KAITO: Did you ever happen to notice the three of us getting together while you were practicing?
Rin: Huh? Getting together for what?
Len: We were planning a surprise Halloween party!
Miku: A-A surprise Halloween party?!
MEIKO: That's right, with pumpkin sweets and all sorts of other candy, too.
MEIKO: You made us smile, so now it's our turn to make you smile!
Luka: Hehe, we got surprised right back in the end. It feels a bit like we've been tricked.
Miku: Everyone! Thank you for coming to see us today♪
Len: Halloween only comes once a year, so enjoy it as much as you can!
KAITO: Shall we cap things off all together?
KAITO: Then, here we go. One, two, three...!
Miku: Happy Halloween!
Rin: Happy Halloween!
Len: Happy Halloween!
Luka: Happy Halloween!
MEIKO: Happy Halloween!
KAITO: Happy Halloween!
MEIKO: See you again!
(Exit: Len)
(Exit: Rin)
(Exit: Miku)
(Exit: Luka)
(Exit: MEIKO)
(Exit: KAITO)
