359 Valentine's Day Show 2026

1 [mc_timeline] mc_valentine_2025_1

(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Emu: Happy Valentine's Day, everyone♪
Miku (WxS): Happy Valentine's Day! Happy Valentine's Day☆
Tsukasa: Happy Valentine's Day! Happy Valentine's Day☆
Nene: Happy Valentine's Day! Happy Valentine's Day☆
Rui: Happy Valentine's Day! Happy Valentine's Day☆
Tsukasa: You all seem in good spirits! Did you receive a gift from someone?
Rui: We actually just received chocolate from Emu and Nene. We were sharing our thoughts with them and Miku.
Miku (WxS): Yeah☆ The chocolate cake was so good♪ And the colorful star-shaped chocolate hidden inside was so fun!
Emu: Hehehe. I wanted to make a cake that was fun like a treasure hunt! Nene and I came up with lots of ideas♪
Nene: Emu's family chef had to help us make our ideas reality, though.
Rui: Ah, I see. We'll have to thank him as well when we can.
Rui: Even aside from the cake, though, the beautiful wrapping conveyed your feelings quite well.
Tsukasa: Indeed! Your gift was filled with the desire to bring us all joy and make us smile!
Emu: Yay! I'm really glad you liked it♪
Miku (WxS): Oh...
Miku (WxS): Maybe giving a present is best after all.
Nene: Huh? Miku, do you want to give someone a Valentine's Day gift?
Miku (WxS): Oh, no! Not me, but a plushie friend.
Miku (WxS): They have their first-ever gift and letter ready to give to a friend. But they told me they were too shy to do it.
Rui: Yes... I understand the feeling.
Rui: But to have even written a letter... They must have some truly precious feelings they want to convey.
Tsukasa: Yes, and if this perfect chance slips by, it may only grow harder in the future. If we could help them take that step...
Emu: Hey, I know! What if we put on that show for them... You know the one!
Nene: That show?
Tsukasa: Ah, I do know the one indeed! You're right, it may give them the drive they need to share their feelings!
Miku (WxS): Yeah☆ So let's all put on that show for them, together♪
Nene: Hey, wait! Shouldn't we practice first? There are a lot of parts we have to be really in sync for.
Rui: In that case, why don't we have everyone watch our rehearsal? They can let us know if we have everything ready.
Emu: Hey everybody! It's a little sudden, but welcome to our fun performance♪
Tsukasa: It's showtime!


2 [MUSIC] 475: We Are Different !!! (or Same)

3 [mc_timeline] mc_valentine_2025_2

(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Emu: Did you like our show, everyone?
Miku (WxS): Wow! Everyone seems even happier than they were before the show!
Tsukasa: Yes! It should be a good boost for Miku's plushie friend too, surely?
Rui: We won't know unless we try, but it's better than doing nothing.
Nene: Right.
Nene: Thank you all for coming to see us today. You're always welcome at our shows.
Miku (WxS): See you again!


4 [mc_timeline] mc_valentine_2025_3

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Len)
Len: Hey, everyone!
KAITO: Great timing! Luka and the others are just about to put on a special Valentine's Day show for us.
Len: I wonder what they'll be singing. Rin totally refused to tell me...
KAITO: All MEIKO and Luka would tell me was that it's a "brisk, dramatic song".
Miku: They've practiced very hard for today, so I'm sure this show will be wonderful.
Miku: Oh, it looks like they're ready!
Miku: Let's all enjoy the show together! Start the music!


5 [MUSIC] 121: Romeo & Cinderella

6 [mc_timeline] mc_valentine_2025_4

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: KAITO)
Len: Great job, you three! That was awesome!
KAITO: I see what you meant by a "brisk, dramatic song".
Rin: Hey, hey! Luka and MEIKO were all refined and mature, but what about me? I fit right in, didn't I?
Miku: Yes, you were wonderfully ladylike♪ Isn't that right, everyone?
Rin: Hehe, thanks!
MEIKO: All our visitors seem to have really enjoyed themselves too.
Luka: Yes. Humble though it may have been, we're glad you liked our Valentine's Day gift.
MEIKO: Speaking of, did you all enjoy any other holiday activities?
Rin: There are lots! Buying or making chocolate to give to the people you care about, or wondering if you'll get some!
Len: I've been excited to see if I get any!
KAITO: Um... Me too...
Luka: Of course we have chocolates for you. Let's all eat them together later.
Len: Hooray!
MEIKO: Thank you for coming today, everyone. Have a wonderful Valentine's Day!
Luka: We hope you'll come listen to us sing again sometime soon. For now...
MEIKO: Happy Valentine's Day!
Miku: Happy Valentine's Day!
Rin: Happy Valentine's Day!
KAITO: Happy Valentine's Day!
Luka: Happy Valentine's Day!
Len: Happy Valentine's Day!
Rin: Bye bye!
