362 Yesteryear Read-Aloud After Show (event_158)

1 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_shuffle_55_1

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Rui)
Tsukasa: Ah, I see! Then first, we should grab their attention with some dynamic poses!
Emu: Like a blammity-blam, twinkle-twinkle pose?!
(Enter: Nene)
Nene: Sorry I'm late, everyone... What's going on? It sounds like a party in here.
KAITO: Welcome, Nene. We were just discussing how to make a show kids would love.
Nene: One for kids...?
Rui: I learned quite a bit helping out with your reading, you see.
Tsukasa: Yes! True to their feelings as they are, children won't pay any mind to a show they find boring. In that sense, they could be considered the toughest of crowds.
Emu: That means putting on a show little kids love would be super-mega wonderhoy☆
Nene: I see what you mean. That event definitely made me feel like kids are the hardest crowd to please.
Nene: They run around, and don't listen to a word you say. They never did show us any respect...
Nene: Just remembering it is making me mad...!
Tsukasa: O-Oh my... It seems you had a real time of it...
Emu: Don't get your feathers all ruffled, Nene! Keep them nice and straight, like a peacock...!
KAITO: Hahaha... Still, the kids did enjoy the event, didn't they?
Nene: Yeah. Mochizuki came up with a way to get their attention... That's what got them to sit down and listen.
Nene: After the reading, a bunch of them came over to tell us how they liked it. That made me pretty happy...
Emu: That's great, Nene!
Rui: Hehe. I think you can hold your head high, since you managed to move the toughest of audiences.
KAITO: I agree. I'm sure your event became a wonderful memory for those kids.
Nene: Yeah... I hope it did.
Nene: Hey, do you guys wanna sing? I feel like I'd perform pretty well right now.
Tsukasa: That's fine by me, of course!
Emu: Let's sing together!
Nene: Thanks. Um... Would you all stay to listen?
Nene: Thank you. Then, I hope you'll enjoy our performance till the end.
Nene: Coral.


2 [MUSIC] 324: Coral

3 [MUSIC] 323: Good Weather

4 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_shuffle_55_2

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Honami)
MEIKO: Hey, you guys! Don't you think Honami's been really on top of her game lately?
Honami: What? I-I have?
Ichika: I think I know what you mean. She has real momentum.
Saki: She sounds like she's having so much fun! Like her drums are singing♪
Shiho: There is a bouncy quality to the sound, at least.
Honami: I-I see...
Honami: Um, if I had to guess... I think it's because the reading went so well.
Honami: I'm so happy the children enjoyed that story... Maybe that feeling is coming through.
MEIKO: Hehe, that's great!
Saki: You did a suuuper good job reading, Hona!
Ichika: You did. I was really surprised when I heard you during the rehearsal.
Shiho: And your teamwork with Kusanagi was perfect.
Honami: I'm so happy to hear you say that.
MEIKO: I also got to hear you two, and I have to say, it was like the characters came to life.
Saki: For real! If you guys opened a storyteller's, it'd totally be super popular!
Shiho: A storyteller's? What is that...?
Ichika: That'd be a place you go to have stories read to you, right?
Honami: I-I don't think we could open our own establishment...
Saki: Whaaat? I'd go...
MEIKO: Hahaha. Well, I do understand the desire to have more people hear Honami's storytelling.
MEIKO: I know! Why not do some when MCing during a show?
Ichika: When MCing...? We've never tried that before, so it could be a good idea.
Shiho: Honami... They're gonna keep moving forward with this if you don't stop them soon.
Honami: Y-You're all joking...right?
Ichika: But I really do want to hear your storytelling again.
Shiho: Yeah, me too.
Saki: Me three! Make sure you invite us if you ever do it again, Hona!
Honami: Hehe, okay. I'll get some more practice in before that time comes.
Honami: I'd like it if you all would come to listen, too.
Saki: Look forward to the grand opening of Hona's Storyteller's♪
Honami: Saki...!
Saki: Hahaha♪
