365 White Day Show 2026

1 [mc_timeline] mc_2025whiteday_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
An: Hey there, everyone! Good to see you all again!
Toya: Are you here to listen to us sing?
Akito: Probably. Too bad, though. We just ended practice.
Rin: Aww, but they came to see us! Aren't we going to sing?
Kohane: We wouldn't want to let them down. Why don't we show them how our practice went?
Toya: That sounds good to me. Today is White Day, after all.
Toya: It's the perfect chance to show our gratitude to those who have watched over us all this time.
An: Great point! I'll dedicate my song to everyone back home, then.
Toya: Right. Our families and friends—all the people who supported us and made it possible for us to come this far.
Rin: Come on, Akito! Don't tell me you're still not going to sing after hearing all that!
Akito: Oh, fine.
Akito: You guys didn't blow out your voices during practice, right?
Kohane: Not at all! I'm good to go!
Rin: Okay, everyone! I hope you all enjoy our song!
Akito: Let's go.
Akito: City!
Toya: City!
An: City!
Kohane: City!
Rin: City!


2 [MUSIC] 217: City

3 [mc_timeline] mc_2025whiteday_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
Toya: Thank you for listening, everyone. Did our feelings reach you all?
An: Good! It sure sounds like they did.
Kohane: Do you think they reached all the way to Japan too?
Akito: Yeah, maybe.
Rin: I'm sure they did!
Toya: If there's anyone you want to share your feelings with, today just might be the perfect chance for it.
Akito: You don't have to do anything fancy. Just speak from the heart.
Akito: It's up to you to make this White Day a good one. See you next time.


4 [mc_timeline] mc_2025whiteday_3

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
Len: Happy White Day, everyone!
KAITO: Thanks for coming to see us in SEKAI! We've been excited to see you.
Luka: You see, we have a show prepared for you all today.
MEIKO: It's a thank-you show for all of you out there!
KAITO: You're always cheering us on, after all. So this one especially is for all of you.
Rin: Come on, let's get this show on the road♪
Miku: We'll be singing this one... All together now!
KAITO: Journey!
MEIKO: Journey!
Miku: Journey!
Rin: Journey!
Luka: Journey!
Len: Journey!


5 [MUSIC] 235: Journey

6 [mc_timeline] mc_2025whiteday_4

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
Miku: Thank you all for listening!
Len: Every time we sing this song, I can't help but feel like "Don't worry! You've got this!"
Luka: I agree. Spring is on its way, and I'm sure there are plenty of people who need a boost of courage right now.
MEIKO: That's true. In Japan, people are graduating, starting jobs, and entering new stages of their lives.
KAITO: I hope our songs can bring courage to everyone who needs a little extra confidence.
MEIKO: Yes.
Miku: Yeah!
Rin: Yeah!
Luka: Yes.
Len: Yeah!
KAITO: Once again, thank you all for coming to hear us sing today.
Len: Starting something new might be scary...
Len: But I'm sure you all can do it!
MEIKO: That's right. Our feelings will always be connected through our songs.
Luka: Just like with our show.
KAITO: If you ever need help being brave, just think of us.
Miku: Okay, everyone! Enjoy your White Day♪
Rin: Bye bye!
