367 Airi's Birthday Show 2026

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025airi_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Airi: Thanks for coming today, everyone!
Shizuku: You must all be here because you want to celebrate Airi's birthday with her.
Airi: Hehe, thank you! That makes me really happy!
Haruka: Why don't we all wish Airi a happy birthday?
Minori: Yeah! Here we go!
Minori: Happy birthday, Airi!
Haruka: Happy birthday!
Rin: Happy birthday!
Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Airi: Thank you so much, everyone!
Airi: As thanks, today's fan meeting is gonna be super special, so make sure you enjoy!
Rin: It's just about time for our fun segment♪ "Special Interview! All About Airi♪"
Minori: Yay♪
Haruka: Yay♪
Shizuku: Yay♪
Minori: We'll be asking Airi some questions we're all curious about!
Shizuku: Just tell us the first thing that comes to mind, Airi.
Airi: I see... That sounds pretty straightforward. Bring on the questions!
Rin: Hooray! Okay, our first question! Where have you been wanting to go lately?
Airi: A few places come to mind... But maybe that cafe with all the cute cat decorations?
Airi: They have all sorts of cat paintings and ornaments, and even photo albums of cats anyone can look at!
Rin: I've never heard of a cafe like that! It sounds like so much fun♪
Airi: Right? It's the perfect place for cat lovers.
Haruka: Okay, question two. What's something you would like to buy?
Airi: I've had my eye on a specific one-pan cookbook!
Rin: One-pan?
Airi: Recipes you can make with only one frying pan. It's really popular right now, so I thought it would be great for streams...
Airi: But every time there's a restock, it sells out right away! I just can't seem to get my hands on it.
Shizuku: Now for our next question! What's one food you're curious about?
Airi: Maybe those dango going viral lately. They sell them in jars!
Minori: Huh?! Dango in a jar?
Airi: Yes, the dango and sauce are all stuffed in. It actually looks really cute.
Shizuku: Oh, you showed us a video about that earlier. All the sauces were such pretty colors.
Minori: And now, for our last question! What kind of cake do you want for your birthday?
Airi: Hmm... Something new, I think.
Airi: The Japanese sweet shop I go to just released a new cheesecake made with sweet red bean paste!
Rin: Cheesecake at a Japanese sweet shop? That's different!
Airi: Right? It was such a surprise! They always take such care with their recipes too, so I'm sure it'll taste amazing!
Minori: Hmm, I see...
Airi: Also, "what kind of cake do you want for your birthday" is a pretty specific question.
Minori: Heh heh heh...
Minori: Well, that's all the questions we have... Now it's time for the big reveal.
Airi: Huh?
Minori: The truth is, all these questions were actually research for your birthday party!
Haruka: We're holding it this weekend, remember? So, we thought we'd get some ideas.
Shizuku: Now that we know what you have your eye on, our plans are all but decided♪
Airi: So that's what this was... I didn't realize at all.
Airi: But now I'm even more excited for the party! I can't wait.
Haruka: Did you enjoy our Q&A session?
Airi: It wasn't quite what I thought it would be... But I enjoyed sharing more about myself with everyone.
Shizuku: I'm sure everyone appreciates getting to see even more of your charm, Airi.
Airi: Hehe. Thanks, everyone!
Airi: And with that, it's time for our show! I'll be pouring all my gratitude into my song.
Airi: Ready, everyone? KILLER!


2 [MUSIC] 474: KILLER

3 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025airi_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Airi: Thanks for getting so excited, everyone!
Haruka: We can all tell how much you want to celebrate Airi's birthday.
Airi: Yes! I'm really touched.
Airi: Again, everyone... Thank you so much.
Airi: Receiving your well-wishes, and your support during our show too...
Airi: There's no greater feeling for an idol.
Airi: On this stage, I can really feel how much energy and strength your voices give us.
Airi: Thank you for always supporting us!
Airi: We'll keep on working hard to spread hope to all of you, so keep on watching us!
Airi: That's the end of today's birthday fan meeting. We hope to see you all again soon!
Rin: Bye bye, everyone!
Minori: Bye bye!
Haruka: Bye bye!
Shizuku: Bye bye!
