371 Turning Pain Into Drive After Show (event_163)

1 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_street_wl_02_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
Kohane: ...and then, I got to water the tree with Len and Rin.
Toya: You've often been going to check on the tree in the plaza lately, Azusawa.
Kohane: I have! It kind of energizes me.
An: I totally get that! It's a really pretty splash of greenery.
Miku (VBS): That reminds me. KAITO and Luka asked MEIKO to make them some boxed lunches.
Akito: Lunches? What for?
Miku (VBS): They said it might be fun to lay down a tarp and have lunch under the tree.
Akito: Like a flower viewing picnic minus the flowers?
An: So, a regular picnic?
Kohane: Either way, it sounds fun.
Toya: Yes. Why don't we do the same between practice sessions?
An: Sign me up!
Akito: Sure, I guess it's just eating outside.
An: And hey, Miku, why don't you join us?
Miku (VBS): Alright. It sounds interesting.
An: Yay! Then let's ask to use MEIKO's kitchen and all cook the food together!
Akito: Huh? You even want us to make the food?
An: Of course. Being thorough makes stuff like this all the more fun!
Toya: I see. In that case, I'll be sure to practice each dish in advance.
Akito: No, that's too thorough...
Kohane: Hehe.
Miku (VBS): Kohane? What's up?
Kohane: Oh, um... I'm just kind of happy.
An: Happy?
Kohane: Yeah. Ever since we had that dream after touching those black fragments...
Kohane: I've realized that we really can't take our time together for granted.
An: Kohane...
Toya: You're right. We're here today as a result of countless choices.
Toya: When you consider that, what we have seems almost miraculous.
Akito: I wanna call that overdramatic... But you're not wrong.
Akito: This team wouldn't be the same without any one of us.
An: Hmm... I really don't know how to describe how I'm feeling.
An: It's like... I'm so glad that the four of us are a team! Y'know?
Akito: I think you just described it.
An: Gimme a break, will you? It's hard to convey with words.
Kohane: Um, then... What if we conveyed it in song?
An: Ooh, I like that idea!
Toya: Yes, let's try that.
Kohane: Will you join us, Miku?
Miku (VBS): Try and stop me. I'm keen to hear how you sound after all that's happened.
Kohane: Thank you. And I hope all of you will listen too.
Kohane: Ready Steady!


2 [MUSIC] 54: Ready Steady

3 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_street_wl_02_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
Miku (VBS): Yep. I was right.
An: Right about what?
Miku (VBS): All of you are singing even more powerfully than before.
Kohane: Do... Do you think so?
Akito: It's not like we're doing anything differently...
Miku (VBS): I guess it might be hard to notice changes in yourselves, but it's crystal clear to me.
Miku (VBS): All the obstacles you surpassed to get this far have spurred you to grow.
Toya: It's heartening to hear that from you, Miku.
An: I'll say. Especially since she's been with us for so long!
Kohane: Right... Thank you, Miku.
Kohane: We need to grow even more if we're going to stand on top of the world.
Akito: We definitely have a long way to go still.
An: But we've got nothing to worry about, right? Sure, there's gonna be some hard times...
An: But as long as we're together, I bet everything will work out fine!
Miku (VBS): That's the spirit.
Toya: No matter what, let's stay together.
Miku (VBS): And thank you for always watching over them.
Miku (VBS): I'm sure even more challenges lie ahead, so I hope you'll keep cheering them on.
An: Thank you! Keep watching!
Kohane: Thank you! Keep watching!
Akito: Thank you! Keep watching!
Toya: Thank you! Keep watching!
