372 Choices for the Future After Show (event_164)

1 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_wonder_20_1

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Emu: This concludes our presentation. Thank you for your time.
Rui: That was fantastic, Emu.
Rui: Not just the content of your speech, but your pacing, emphasis, gestures... It was all impeccable.
Tsukasa: Indeed! I found myself nodding along from start to finish!
Nene: It was great that we could tell how determined you are about this.
Rui: You said your brothers taught you these skills, yes?
Emu: Yup☆ They taught me all about how to talk, when to move, and the best ways to use my materials♪
Nene: Does that include all your body language? Your posture was really elegant...
Emu: Oh, I think I learned that from my mom and my etiquette coach when I was little.
Emu: I had to learn the proper way to wear dresses and all that for parties and stuff.
Tsukasa: Y-Your etiquette coach...?!
KAITO: You really are high up on the social ladder, Emu...
Rui: But just now, you weren't simply refined...
Rui: You had an air that invited trust in you and enthusiasm for your cause.
Emu: I did?! Hehehe...
Emu: I guess it's 'cause I'm ready to turn my choice into the right solution, like my brothers told me!
Nene: Turning your choice into the right solution...
Emu: Yeah! They told me that's what you do when you're nervous and scared, but still need to pick your path forward.
Tsukasa: I see...
Tsukasa: It would be hard to resist the invitation of someone stepping forth with such resolve!
KAITO: Hm... Why don't we all put on a show with that in mind?
KAITO: I think if we put one on now, we'd do something really unique.
Emu: Yeah! I wanna try!
Nene: As do I! Me too! A fine idea.
Tsukasa: As do I! Me too! A fine idea.
Rui: As do I! Me too! A fine idea.
Emu: Hehehe♪ Alright, here we go!
Emu: All-Save Challenge!


2 [MUSIC] 538: All-Save Challenge

3 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_wonder_20_2

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Emu: Thanks, everybody!
Rui: I couldn't be happier that everyone enjoyed it.
Emu: I had a whole lot of fun too!
Tsukasa: Same here! Plus, it was just like KAITO said... Our performance felt quite fresh!
Nene: I agree. But why is that, you think?
KAITO: I'm inclined to believe it's because each of you has grown.
KAITO: You've undergone lesson after strenuous lesson...
KAITO: Studied the traditions and philosophies unique to Morinomiya...
KAITO: And stepped in to prevent the loss of great potential.
Tsukasa: You're right... We've all had priceless experiences.
Rui: And this means we've been able to turn those into our strength.
Nene: Hehe. There were tough times, but I had a lot of fun at Morinomiya.
Emu: Me too!
Tsukasa: Alright! Let's continue pursuing our dreams, with these lessons in our hearts!
Tsukasa: Emu! Give us a rousing call!
Emu: Sir, yes, sir!
Emu: Let's keep doing our super very extra best!
Emu: Won-Won...!!!
KAITO: Wonderhoy!!!
Emu: Wonderhoy!!!
Tsukasa: Wonderhoy!!!
Nene: Wonderhoy!!!
Rui: Wonderhoy!!!
