376 Tsukasa's Birthday Show 2026

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025tsukasa_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
Tsukasa: Thank you for waiting, ladies and gentlemen! Today's star, Tsukasa Tenma, is finally...hmm?
Tsukasa: Could it be that... No one is here yet?!
Tsukasa: I don't see Emu or the others... It seems I've arrived too early.
Tsukasa: I appear to have some time on my hands all of a sudden.
Tsukasa: Hmm... At times like these...
Tsukasa: There's nothing to do but exercise!
Tsukasa: I, future world-class star Tsukasa Tenma, shall never waste a second in idleness!
Tsukasa: Yesterday was arm and chest day, so today I'll start with squats! I'll aim for...
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Tsukasa: A thousand before everyone arrives!
Emu: Tsuuukaaasaaa!
Tsukasa: Waaagh?!
Tsukasa: O-Oh, Emu... Don't shout like that. You could startle someone.
Emu: Hehehe. You were all caught up in your thoughts, though!
Nene: You were really monologuing.
Rui: I heard something about a thousand. What were you intending to do?
Tsukasa: Squats! To warm up before the show.
Nene: It's good to work hard, but a thousand squats as a warm-up is a bit much, isn't it?
Tsukasa: True, there's little point if I exhaust myself... I'll limit it to five hundred, then!
Luka: Working out before your birthday party... You really are a hard worker, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Be it roaring flames or raging floods, or even my birthday, nothing will keep me from my training.
Nene: It's that big a deal?
Tsukasa: Of course it is! Listen. In training, what matters most is consistency.
Tsukasa: Consistent work is the best way to approach your ideal self!
Rui: I see. Perhaps I should have built you an ironman training robot for your present.
Emu: Ooh, ironman! That sounds cool☆
Rui: Hehe. I'll even include a function for extreme high-altitude acceleration training.
Tsukasa: Are you still planning to send me to space?!
Tsukasa: Honestly... I shouldn't be shouting before all my birthday festivities.
Tsukasa: What will I do if I go hoarse before the audience arrives...
Tsukasa: Hm? Huuuh?! They're already here?!
Emu: Oh! Hi, everyone!
Tsukasa: When did you all... Could it be you heard my exercise plan?! How shameful to have kept our audience waiting...
Luka: Tsukasa, I'm sure everyone here wants to celebrate your birthday with you.
Tsukasa: Indeed! I can reflect on my actions later.
Tsukasa: Forgive me, ladies and gentlemen! And, welcome! Tsukasa Tenma's birthday festival begins now!
Tsukasa: We have an exceptional show prepared for you to thank you for the support you give us every day.
Tsukasa: I hope you all enjoy your time here!
Tsukasa: Here we go! SEIBAIITAAAAASU!


2 [MUSIC] 472: SEIBAIITAAAAASU!

3 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025tsukasa_2

(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Tsukasa: Thank you! Thank you all!
Luka: It looks like everyone had a lot of fun.
Emu: Yeah! I'm glad.
Nene: Yeah! I'm glad.
Rui: Why don't we take this time to give a big birthday cheer for Tsukasa?
Rui: Ready? After me, now.
Rui: Happy birthday, Tsukasa!
Emu: Happy birthday!
Nene: Happy birthday!
Luka: Happy birthday!
Tsukasa: Thank you, everyone! It truly is a joy to receive your birthday wishes.
Tsukasa: Your wholehearted cheers and support push me to work harder and grow more and more.
Tsukasa: Tomorrow, I'll redouble my efforts, as befits one who would shine upon the world stage.
Tsukasa: I'll throw myself into training, perform much more... And one day for sure, I will seize my dream!
Tsukasa: Thank you!
Tsukasa: I encourage you to hold great expectations for the future exploits of myself, Tsukasa Tenma, and Wonderlands×Showtime.
Tsukasa: Let's meet again at a show! Farewell!
Emu: Bye bye!
