378 Toya's Birthday Show 2026

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025toya_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
An: A thank-you song, huh? Sounds good! We're in!
Toya: Thank you. Now I just need to decide what to sing.
Kohane: What about that song we practiced earlier?
Akito: Sure. It's got some fire to it, so it should be perfect.
An: True... But a slower song might feel more emotional and heartfelt.
Toya: You raise a good point. Maybe we could—
(Enter: Len)
Len: Huh? What are you guys up to?
Kohane: L-Len!
Akito: What are you doing here?
Len: All the party cleanup is done, so I was taking a walk.
Len: We thought you'd all gone home, but I guess you were still around.
Toya: Y-Yes, there was something we wanted to discuss.
Len: Hmm... So, what was that about a song? Are you having trouble with how to sing something?
An: Umm... Well...
Toya: If we've been overheard, there's no sense playing dumb.
Toya: You and the others held a party for me. So, I'd like to repay your kindness with a song.
An: And he asked us to help out.
Len: Oh, so that's what the song talk was about.
Toya: If possible, we'd like it to be a surprise. Could you keep it a secret from the others?
Len: I see... If it's a secret, of course I'll keep it!
Len: Actually, why don't I sing with you? Surprising the others sounds like fun!
Kohane: You want to sing too?
Akito: It feels weird to sing alongside one of the people the song is for...
Len: Hey, don't sweat the small stuff! I'd rather sing with everyone anyway!
Toya: In that case, you're more than welcome. I would appreciate your help for sure.
Toya: Oh, I know. If Len is joining us, maybe we should sing that song.
Akito: Yeah, I know the one you mean.
Kohane: It's a very nice song. That's perfect.
An: I'm down, too! Wanna run through it before we spring the surprise?
Toya: Sure. Let's do this, everyone.
Toya: Here we go. HAVEN.


2 [MUSIC] 508: HAVEN

3 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025toya_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
Toya: Hey, I didn't see you all there.
Kohane: Oh, are you here to celebrate Aoyagi's birthday?
Akito: Yeah, seems like it.
An: Hey, since we're all hyped up from the song, why don't we do that thing now?
Toya: What thing...?
Akito: Sure, why not?
An: Okay! Here we go!
An: Happy birthday, Toya!
An: Happy birthday!
Kohane: Happy birthday!
Len: Happy birthday!
Akito: Happy birthday!
An: Nice! Great job, everyone!
Len: It was so sudden, but you all nailed it!
Toya: I didn't expect you all to cheer for me. I'm certainly surprised, but also happy.
Toya: Thank you all very much.
Toya: As you all know, we aim to stand on top of the world.
Toya: Our time here in the United States has proven to be a valuable step toward that goal.
Toya: We've already been given much to consider about our music.
Toya: Everything we've seen and heard will become stepping stones on our path forward.
Toya: When our trip is concluded, I'd like to share our stories with you.
Toya: Thank you all for today. And... Let's meet again.
Len: See you! Bye bye!
