379 Cheer With My Heart! After Show (event_168)

1 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_idol_21_1

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Airi: Thanks for another great training session, MEIKO!
Haruka: We really appreciate you helping us prepare a regimen.
MEIKO: Don't mention it! For my part, it's fun to see you all improving so quickly.
Minori: Am I improving...? I end up sore every day...
Shizuku: We've been doing more strenuous exercises each time, so we should have more muscle and better stamina than before.
Minori: Oh...! Alright, I'm gonna make this pain my pride and work even harder!
MEIKO: You're brimming with motivation, Minori!
Minori: Yeah! I mean, idols are all about heart!
Airi: Hold on, Minori...
Shizuku: Hehe. You're Airi's little copycat.
Minori: Hehehe...
Airi: Oh, speaking of heart...
Airi: Remember how I told you guys where my motto came from?
Haruka: Yeah. You were influenced by that idol Hiyori while watching her on TV, right?
Airi: Right. So, I went back and watched that program...
Airi: And it turns out, Hiyori actually got her motto from Ms. Arisawa.
Minori: Wait, Ms. Arisawa?!
Shizuku: What are the odds...?
Airi: And Ms. Arisawa said she got the inspiration from her own seniors...
Airi: I think it's an amazing thing, the way an ideal can get passed down like that.
MEIKO: I know what you mean!
MEIKO: Imagine some new idols following in your footsteps one day.
Minori: Huh? I mean... That'd make me really happy, but I'm not sure we've earned it...
Airi: Maybe not yet. But I want to be like the senior idols I admire...
Airi: I want to be an example, live my life with heart and keep delivering hope!
Shizuku: I agree! Me too!
Haruka: I agree! Me too!
Airi: On that note, I'd love to get right back to practice, but first...
Airi: Do we have time for one song? I want to make the most of this feeling of determination.
Minori: Oh, I wanna join!
Shizuku: Let's sing our feelings for the audience to hear.
Airi: Thanks!
Airi: We'll sing and dance with all our heart to bring you hope. Keep your eyes on us, okay?
Airi: Here we go! Eleventh!


2 [MUSIC] 539: Eleventh

3 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_idol_21_2

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Airi: Thanks for listening!
Shizuku: Thank you!
Airi: Is everyone feeling energized?
Airi: Hehe, glad to hear it!
Airi: But we're gonna keep working hard to bring you even more energy during the Lumina Grand Prix.
Airi: So, stay excited!
Minori: Alright, let's get training!
MEIKO: Airi's about to give a talk-show lesson, right?
Haruka: Right. She said we'll be working on sharing personal anecdotes today.
Airi: We're all counting on you for a real sidesplitter, Minori.
Minori: I-I'll do my besht!
