382 Rui's Birthday Show 2026

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025rui_1

(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Miku (WxS): Hi, everyone! Welcome to Rui's birthday party☆
Tsukasa: Without further ado! Let's all cheer for Rui. One, two, three!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Rui!
Emu: Happy birthday!
Miku (WxS): Happy birthday!
Nene: Happy birthday!
Rui: Thank you, everyone. I'm very happy to get to spend my birthday with all of you.
Emu: Hehehe, Rui's beaming☆
Miku (WxS): So, hey! What are we all doing today?
Rui: I wonder. I haven't been told anything yet...
Rui: But I'm sure they have a fine surprise prepared for me.
Nene: Um, about that...
Tsukasa: Sorry, Rui! There were some difficulties, and we couldn't prepare a surprise for you!
Rui: Oh, really?
Emu: Um, we talked it over and decided an ordinary surprise wouldn't be enough to surprise you.
Tsukasa: Our ideas grew in outlandishness, until we were discussing becoming transforming robots fighting space battles...
Miku (WxS): Wow! I want to see you all be robots in space☆
Rui: Hehe, I would enjoy seeing that too.
Tsukasa: If only we could make it a reality... In the end, we failed to come up with a proper surprise.
Nene: So we hope you'll let us celebrate you another way.
Rui: Another way?
Emu: Yeah! We call iiit... Rui Gets Any Wish Granted Day-Day-Day☆
Nene: Day! So, um... Just let us know what you'd like to do.
Rui: And does that truly mean "any wish"?
Tsukasa: O-Of course! As long as it's achievable within the laws of physics!
Rui: Hehe. Let me think...
Rui: In that case... I'd like to do a show together.
Nene: Huh? But we do shows all the time... Are you sure?
Rui: Yes. We have an audience, after all... I'd like to share a magical time with them.
Tsukasa: Then your wish is our command! We'll put on an incredible show befitting your birthday!
Nene: Yeah!
Emu: Yeah!
Miku (WxS): I wanna help, too! I want to grant Rui's wish!
Rui: Hehe. Thank you all.
Rui: Now then, honored guests. Please sit back and enjoy this special Wonderlands×Showtime production.
Rui: Tonal Twinkle Tetrad.


2 [MUSIC] 411: Tonal Twinkle Tetrad

3 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025rui_2

(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Rui: Did you enjoy our special show, everyone?
Rui: Excellent. I'm very happy to have gotten to do a show for all of you.
Rui: Tsukasa, Emu, Nene, Miku. Thank you for granting my wish.
Miku (WxS): Hehehe! Seeing you all smiley makes me super happy too☆
Tsukasa: What she said! There's no need to thank us.
Emu: This is a day for you to get lots of wishes granted, after all!
Nene: What do you want to do next?
Tsukasa: We could go for a meal, or we'll gladly help if you have new effects or devices to test.
Rui: No, this is already enough.
Emu: Huh?
Rui: Testing devices is tempting, but I can do that any day.
Rui: Besides... I can't think of a single thing I would enjoy more than this.
Rui: Because I love the time we spend doing shows together more than anything else in the world.
Nene: Rui...
Tsukasa: I feel the same. Putting on shows with my friends is a treasure I wouldn't trade for anything.
Miku (WxS): You all shine so much when you're performing together!
Emu: Hehehe♪ Let's keep on putting on more and more shiny, smiley shows together!
Tsukasa: Let's! Of course.
Nene: Let's! Of course.
Rui: Let's! Of course.
Rui: Everyone, thank you for coming to celebrate my birthday.
Rui: Wonderlands×Showtime will continue to create shows to bring smiles to one and all.
Rui: And I...will continue my journey forward, alongside my precious friends.
Rui: I hope you'll be there with us, if you're so inclined.
Rui: And so... See you at our next show!
Emu: See you! Bye bye☆
Miku (WxS): See you! Bye bye☆
Tsukasa: See you! Bye bye☆
Nene: See you! Bye bye☆
Rui: See you! Bye bye☆
