389 Start Rolling! Stars' Crossing After Show (event_174)

1 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_idol_22_1

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Minori)
Minori: And to finish, you give your best 10-Billion Heart♡
KAITO: Of course! What a catchy way to close out after the last chorus!
MEIKO: That looks like it'd be tough if your core isn't trained properly. I'm getting fired up...!
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
Airi: Thanks for waiting, Minori! Wait, what's going on here?
(Enter: Shizuku)
Minori: Oh, guys! So, I was going over the part of Level 10-Billion Heart I messed up before...
Minori: And then KAITO and MEIKO offered to dance it with me!
KAITO: We want to keep on top of the choreographies for these viral songs!
Shizuku: Hehe. You're so full of drive.
MEIKO: You really do love getting into all the particulars when it comes to songs and their dances.
KAITO: Hahaha. It's basically a habit.
Minori: Oh, but I know exactly how you feel!
Minori: It's so fun to think about why a certain movement or formation got used!
KAITO: Yes! You get it! You ponder the intention, and the moment you see it you think, "Ahh, so that's what it's all about!"
Minori: I know! When I put something together, like how the raised pinky connects to the word "promise" in the lyrics, I just...!
Haruka: These two have their engines in high gear.
Airi: Not much can stop them when they get like this.
Shizuku: Hehe. Their straightforward and passionate nature is so charming.
MEIKO: I agree!
Haruka: Same here. Oh, that reminds me... KAITO!
KAITO: Hm? What is it?
Haruka: Thank you very much for your words the other day.
Haruka: I believe we were able to be our normal selves because of what you said.
Minori: Oh... That's right! I wanted to thank KAITO when I saw him!
Minori: I-I'm sorry... It totally slipped my mind while we were dancing...
KAITO: That's perfectly fine. After all, that's exactly the Minori I know.
Airi: True. It's just like you to charge full speed at whatever you're doing.
Airi: That said, don't forget about the rest of the world, alright?
Minori: R-Right!
Minori: So, um... KAITO! Again, thank you so much!
Minori: I was able to be myself thanks to what you said! "Somebody out there will feel inspired by the way you're always doing your best"!
KAITO: That's so nice to hear!
Minori: It's true!
Minori: Hehehe♪ After getting KAITO and MEIKO's help, I'm back to brimming with motivation!
Airi: Hehe, that's the spirit, Minori! In that case, why don't we use it for a song?
Minori: Huh?
Haruka: Yeah. I'd love to put on a show with in-the-zone Minori.
Minori: I-I can't believe Haruka just said that to me...! That means so much!
Shizuku: Go on, Minori! Tell us what we'll be singing♪
Minori: Okay! Minori Hanasato, reporting for duty!
Minori: Give this a listen— DREAM PLACE!
(Exit: KAITO)


2 [MUSIC] 252: DREAM PLACE

3 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_idol_22_2

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Minori: You guys! Thank you!!
Minori: Competing in the Lumina Grand Prix makes me really nervous...
Minori: But I'm gonna remember everyone who cheers for me and deliver hope my way!
Minori: So, I really hope for your continued support!
Airi: Hey, you didn't flub it this time! Good job, Minori!
Minori: Hehehe. I'm an idol, so I pull through when it counts!
Haruka: Hehe... Alright, should we start practice for today?
Shizuku: That sounds good. Oh, but isn't Minori in the middle of teaching KAITO and MEIKO the Level 10-Billion Heart dance...?
Minori: Oh, that's right!
KAITO: No worries there. We've got it down!
Minori: Huh?! You memorized it in one go?! Th-That's amazing...!
MEIKO: In fact, I even came up with a training regimen based on it♪
Haruka: Oh, that sounds pretty interesting. I'm inclined to try that out in place of our basic training.
MEIKO: If we're doing it, I guess I'll go all out♪ Are you ready, Minori?
Minori: M-MEIKO's gonna go all out training us...! I'll do my best!!
