Miku and the others are practicing in the School SEKAI as usual. Miku wonders if she has what it takes to be a senpai to Ichika and the others whose feelings created this SEKAI.

vsleo_01_01 Secret Practice

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Great! That time was perfect!
Miku (Ln): I think I'll run through it once more. I'm still a little worried about the key change before the chorus.
Miku (Ln): I sure hope those girls come to visit soon.
Miku (Ln): I still need to help them all find their true feelings before we can sing together.
Miku (Ln): I just hope performing together as a band again will help them rediscover those feelings.
Miku (Ln): I'll need to practice even harder if I'm going to be any help. I'm kind of like everyone's senior in this place, after all.
Miku (Ln): Hm... A senior... More like a senpai...
Miku (Ln): I wonder if maybe I should start acting more like one.
Miku (Ln): But how do I do that?
Miku (Ln): When I think of a senpai, I imagine someone more composed. Someone you can rely on whenever you need advice.
Miku (Ln): Maybe someone like Luka?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Luka: Miku, you're letting yourself get ahead of the beat. Try feeling the rhythm with your body more.
(White cut)
Luka: That was great. Let's try doing that again so you can remember exactly how it feels.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Miku (Ln): Yeah. If I can be more like Luka, I'd really give off a senpai vibe.
Miku (Ln): I'll give it a try.
Miku (Ln): Ahem. Are you ready, Ichika?
Miku (Ln): Oh, you're having trouble with your vibratos? Try to steady your picking a little and see if that helps.
Miku (Ln): Watch me. When your picking is nice and steady... See? Your vibratos will sound much cleaner.
Miku (Ln): Hm...
Miku (Ln): This doesn't feel very senpai-ish... It just feels like I'm giving a lesson.
Miku (Ln): I wonder if it's the way I talk. Maybe if I talk more like a grown-up...
Miku (Ln): You see? Picking this way allows you to play a much more beautiful vibrato.
Miku (Ln): That's a little better, but now it just sounds like I'm trying to imitate Luka.
Miku (Ln): Hm... How do I make myself seem more like a senpai?
Miku (Ln): You want to improve your vibratos? How splendid!
Miku (Ln): No, that's not right either.
Luka: Miku?
Miku (Ln): Eep! L-Luka?!
Luka: It sounded like you were talking to yourself. Is everything all right?
Miku (Ln): I-I'm fine! I was, uh, just practicing! Nothing to see here!
Luka: Heh.
Luka: Calm down. There's no need to get so flustered. If you don't want to tell me, I won't pry.
Miku (Ln): Oh, right there! That's the senpai vibe!
Luka: Senpai vibe?
Miku (Ln): Oh, it's nothing! F-Forget I said anything!
Luka: ?
Luka: Hey, Miku. If something is bothering you, you know you can talk to me, right?
Luka: I'm here to help whenever you need it.
Miku (Ln): !!
Miku (Ln): I know! Thanks for worrying about me, Luka.
Luka: You're very welcome.
Miku (Ln): (I think it's going to take a little longer for me to get the hang of this senpai thing.)
Miku (Ln): Hey, Luka. What do you think of when you hear the word senpai?
Luka: Senpai? Hm...
Luka: Someone who's good at listening and relating to others, I suppose.
Luka: I think people are only able to become senpai because they have others around them who ask them for help.
Miku (Ln): I see. You're probably right.
Miku (Ln): In that case, I really hope I can meet those girls soon.
Miku (Ln): Once I do, I can become an even better senpai. Then I'll really be able to help them find their true feelings.
Luka: I agree. I hope we can meet them soon as well.
(Black cut)
