vsleo_01_02 Because I'm Your Senpai

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Come back again soon, you two.
Ichika: We will. Thanks, Miku.
Miku (Ln): Phew...
Miku (Ln): That was a good first step. I'm so glad the four of them got to perform together.
Miku (Ln): It did turn into a bit of an argument at the end there...
Miku (Ln): But I'm sure everything will be just fine!
Miku (Ln): Saki said she wouldn't ever give up. Ichika doesn't seem like she's about to give up, either.
Miku (Ln): I've got to work even harder to make sure everyone can find their true feelings again.
Miku (Ln): There's still a problem, though. I'm sure Ichika and Saki will be back again, but I'm not sure what to do about Shiho and Honami.
Miku (Ln): If I can find a way to hold an even better play session, maybe they'll be more willing to admit how they feel. I don't know if that will be enough, though...
Luka: Great work, Miku.
Miku (Ln): Oh, Luka!
Miku (Ln): Where were you? I was hoping you would play with us.
Luka: Oh? Did you have any trouble without me?
Miku (Ln): N-No, not exactly...
Luka: I didn't want to take away from your debut as their senpai, so I decided to sit back and watch today.
Luka: I've noticed that you've really been practicing hard for today.
Miku (Ln): What? Don't tell me you saw that!
Luka: Heh.
Miku (Ln): Oh, you're always teasing me like this...
Luka: Sorry, you're just so cute when you're flustered. I couldn't help myself. It sure was nice to hear you and the others play.
Luka: It's often easier to understand a person's heart through their music than what they say.
Miku (Ln): Yeah, it sure is. I feel the same way.
Miku (Ln): Ichika's music sounded like she was really giving it her all. It felt like she really wanted to spend time with the others like they used to.
Luka: Saki's sounded really happy. I got the sense she was simply enjoying the opportunity to spend time with everyone.
Miku (Ln): Shiho's playing was very precise, but it felt like she was purposefully preventing her sound from properly mixing with the others'.
Luka: Yes, it was a very stubborn sound, wasn't it? I wonder if there's a reason she felt the need to do that.
Miku (Ln): And Honami...sounded like she was afraid of something.
Luka: I agree...
Luka: Even so, I got the sense they were beginning to show their true feelings, even if they weren't aware of it themselves.
Miku (Ln): Yeah, I got the same feeling. I bet being in a band again will help them remember how they used to feel.
Miku (Ln): I'm sure everyone will come back soon, so I need to start practicing again so I'm ready!
Luka: Hehe, good luck. I hope I get the chance to play with you guys next time.
Luka: When they do arrive, be sure to introduce me.
Miku (Ln): Of course. I was planning on introducing you as my senpai.
Luka: Hehe. In that case, I'll have to be sure not to do anything unbecoming of a proper senpai, won't I?
Miku (Ln): Like teasing those your juniors?
Luka: Oh? Is someone still a little sore?
Miku (Ln): No... Just a little embarrassed...
Luka: I'm sorry, Miku. You're just so cute when you're working hard.
Miku (Ln): Hearing that is embarrassing too!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_a000021/bg_a000021.png)
Luka: Come on, Miku. Let's put in another full day of practice, shall we?
Miku (Ln): Yeah. I'm counting on my senpai!
Miku & Luka: Heh.
(Black cut)
