vsleo_01_04 Sparkling Days

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Heh.
Luka: You sure look like you're having fun.
Miku (Ln): You might say that. You look pretty happy yourself, you know.
Luka: Well, this SEKAI did just give birth to a brand new song. Nothing makes me happier than that.
Miku (Ln): It's great that all four of them were able to find their true feelings.
Luka: It sure is.
Miku (Ln): They even said they're going to keep coming back to practice, too!
Miku (Ln): I can't wait for our next session! Oh!
Ichika: Hello.
Saki: Miku! Luka! We came to practice!
Luka: Hehe. Speak of the devil.
Miku (Ln): Everyone's here! Welcome back!
Honami: Sorry for just showing up like this. We aren't interrupting anything, are we?
Luka: Please, there's no need to be so worried. You're welcome to come any time.
Honami: Thank you, Luka!
Shiho: I'd like to get right to it, then. Would you join us for a session?
Saki: Shiho, stop being in such a hurry!
Luka: Hehe. Of course. What song should we start with?
Ichika: Um, I'd like to play the one that was created here. I've been practicing it a lot lately.
Miku (Ln): Sounds good. Let's get started, then.
(Black cut)
Miku (Ln): Wow, you four are really improving quickly.
Luka: Shiho, you were already really talented to begin with, but you've gotten much better at helping others keep up.
Shiho: Thanks.
Honami: What a relief. I've been really nervous I wouldn't be able to keep up, but I think I did all right.
Ichika: Yeah. I'm glad you were able to find your rhythm again.
Saki: Oh, that's right! Miku, Luka, guess what?! We've been thinking about writing our own songs instead of just performing other people's!
Luka: Oh, really? That sounds fun.
Saki: I was going to try to write some music that would go well with these lyrics.
Miku (Ln): What lyrics?
Ichika: Ah, those are the ones from my notebook!
Ichika: I said you could make a copy, but I didn't know you were going to show Miku and Luka...
Saki: Well, of course! Your lyrics are really good! I wanted to see what they thought.
Ichika: B-But it's still only a few phrases that I was thinking of using. I don't think you can really call them lyrics just yet...
Miku (Ln): Even our time apart was not time wasted.
Luka: Now that we're together, everything is brighter.
Miku (Ln): I'll be sure to treasure every moment as we run into the future.
Miku (Ln): I like them! They're so full of your emotions, Ichika!
Luka: Let us know when it's finished. I'd love to perform it with you.
Ichika: R-Really?
Miku (Ln): Yeah!
Saki: Great! I'll get to work on it right away! Hona, Shiho, would you give me a hand?
Honami: What? But I've never written any music before. I suppose I might be able to give some advice on the rhythm.
Shiho: Have you thought at all about the basic melody?
Saki: Yeah! For this part that goes, Even our time apart was not time wasted. I thought we could...
Ichika: C-Could you not keep reading them out loud?!
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Everyone looks so excited.
Luka: As do you, Miku.
Miku (Ln): What?
Luka: You're thinking you can't wait to sing and perform with them again, aren't you? I can see it in your eyes.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Am I that obvious?
Miku (Ln): Yeah. I'm really looking forward to singing their song once it's finished.
(Black cut)
