In the Stage SEKAI, composed of dazzling venues, Miku and her fellow idols watch over the feelings that created it. They make use of their performing talents to support Minori and the others.

vsmmj_01_01 All-Out Show!

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

Rin: The show's about to start, Miku!
Miku (MMJ): It sure is! Let's put on another fantastic show today, Rin!
Rin: Yeah! Let's make this the best show yet!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, we need to remember to be careful, though. Our set list is different than usual today.
Miku (MMJ): I wonder if it would be better to change positions a bit sooner right before the interlude of the second song.
Rin: You mean what we talked about that during rehearsal? We need to move to stage right as soon as the interlude begins, right?
Miku (MMJ): Right! I think that will make it easier to move into the next part of the routine.
Rin: Got it! I'll try to be a bit quicker than you since I'll be coming from the opposite end of the stage.
Miku (MMJ): Sounds good! Thanks!
Rin: All right, let's get out there and give it all we've got♪
(Black cut)
Miku (MMJ): Hi everyone! Thank you for coming today!
Rin: We hope you enjoy the show! Let's have some fun!
Miku (MMJ): (Good, we're off to a great start! Time to move so we can get the crowd even more fired up with our interlude dance!)
Miku (MMJ): (Huh? Rin should have started moving to stage right by now.)
Rin: All right, everyone! Let's hear those voices!
Miku (MMJ): (What?! She hasn't moved, yet?!)
Miku (MMJ): (Did she get so wrapped up in the moment that she forgot about what we discussed?!)
Miku (MMJ): (In that case, I'll have to get her attention!)
Miku (MMJ): (Rin! You need to move over here!)
Rin: Is everyone enjoying the show?!
Miku (MMJ): (She's not noticing me at all.)
Miku (MMJ): (Only one thing to do, then!)
Rin: So far, so good! Now it's time to...
Rin: (Hm? I feel like I'm forgetting something. Oh, that's right!)
Rin: (I was supposed to move to the other side of the stage! What do I do? My dance with Miku is going to—)
Miku (MMJ): Rin! Over here!
Rin: Huh?! Miku?! What are you doing over here?
Miku (MMJ): If I come over here next to you, then you'll be able to do your dance just like usual!
Rin: R-Right! Thanks, Miku! Sorry about that!
Miku (MMJ): You ready, then?! Time to dance♪
Miku (MMJ): Come on, everyone! Time to get those hands waving to the beat!
Rin: Are you ready? Okay, let's go!
(Black cut)

[After the show]

Miku (MMJ): Great job today, Rin. The crowd sure was having fun out there!
Rin: Y-Yeah...
Miku (MMJ): Hey, Rin. What do you say we go say hi to those four after we...
Rin: .....
Miku (MMJ): Hm? What's the matter, Rin?
Rin: Sorry about today. I completely forgot about the change.
Miku (MMJ): Don't worry about it! You were focused on getting the crowd all fired up!
Rin: Yeah, but...
Miku (MMJ): Let's just be more careful next time and put on another great show!
Rin: Okay. I will.
Miku (MMJ): Shall we go backstage and do our post-show stretches?
Rin: I have something I need to do real quick. Would you start without me?
Miku (MMJ): Okay, I'll be waiting!
(Black cut)
Miku (MMJ): Hey, Rin! Where are you?
Miku (MMJ): That's strange. She said she'd be back soon.
Miku (MMJ): I wonder where she went. We always do our stretches together after a show. Huh?
Rin: Mmm...
Miku (MMJ): Is that Rin lying on the ground?! A-Are you all right?!
Rin: *Snore*...
Miku (MMJ): Oh, good. She's just sleeping. Hehe. She must be exhausted.
Miku (MMJ): Hm? What's all this spread out on the ground?
Miku (MMJ): Wow, these are all notes on our past shows. She even wrote down her ideas on how to improve specific parts. Look at all the notes about just today.
Miku (MMJ): She must always put in so much work thinking about our next show.
Miku (MMJ): Thank you, Rin. I'll do my best to make our next show great, too.
Rin: *Mumble*...
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I know. There's a blanket in the rehearsal room.  I'll go grab it.
Miku (MMJ): I had planned for us to go say hi to everyone, but...
Rin: *Snore*...
Miku (MMJ): I'd hate to wake her up. Maybe I'll go by myself this time.
Miku (MMJ): Good night, Rin.
(Black cut)
