163-11 Running Toward Our Dream

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Plaza]

Miku (VBS): Everyone! Are you all okay?!
Kohane: H-Huh...?
Akito: What happened...?
Len (VBS): *Gasp*
Luka (VBS): Thank goodness! You guys are finally back to normal!
Toya: What...happened to us?
KAITO (VBS): You were all completely unresponsive for quite some time.
MEIKO (VBS): Yes, it was as if your minds were somewhere else entirely...
MEIKO (VBS): We tried to get you all to snap out of it, but nothing we did seemed to work.
Kohane: ...!
Miku (VBS): Can you tell us what you remember?
Akito: So... I remember us talking about how there was something wrong with the tree in the plaza...
Toya: Yes, and we were discussing how we could remove all those black fragments.
An: Yeah! We were worried that it'd keep getting sicker...
An: Oh, hey! Look over there!
Kohane: Wow...!
Kohane: The tree's even bigger now...?
MEIKO (VBS): Yes. And those fragments have all changed color...
(White cut)
Len (VBS): They vanished...
KAITO (VBS): The tree just seemed to absorb all of them at once.
Luka (VBS): Oh, the leaves look so full of life now!
Kohane: Wh-What do you think happened...?
Miku (VBS): ...
Miku (VBS): I think those black flecks were all fragments of feelings.
An: Huh?
Miku (VBS): Did you see something after you touched them?
Kohane: I think I was...dreaming.
Kohane: And it felt so real. But it was like a different reality...
Rin (VBS): Different? In what way?
Kohane: Umm... How should we explain it?
Toya: Well... In my case...
(Black cut)
Miku (VBS): I see.
Miku (VBS): So it was a dream about how your lives would've turned out if you'd all made different choices.
Rin (VBS): *Sob*
KAITO (VBS): What's wrong, Rin?
Rin (VBS): I feel kinda sad now.
Rin (VBS): Imagine if they all really became separated and never saw each other ever again...
Akito: It was all just a dream.
Toya: Right. Fortunately, we were somehow able to reunite with one another in the end.
Miku (VBS): Based on what you all just told us...
Miku (VBS): Your feelings may've created those black fragments.
An: Our feelings?
Miku (VBS): Yes. Pain, doubt, internal conflict... Those are all just as much a part of your feelings.
Miku (VBS): They must've been lingering within SEKAI all this time. And they found their way onto the tree.
An: Oh, then... The tree became “sick” because of our feelings?
Kohane: It was all our fault...?
MEIKO (VBS): Like Miku just said, those negative emotions are all a part of who you are.
KAITO (VBS): Yes, and you all found a way to turn them into something beautiful in the end!
KAITO (VBS): Which means you all provided the tree with the nutrients it required to keep growing.
Toya: I see... When you put it that way, I suppose it wasn't all bad.
Akito: Yeah.
Akito: I mean, it's normal to experience some pain while trying desperately to reach the top.
An: But... I'm kinda happy that happened, you know?
Kohane: You're happy...?
An: Yeah. I know that dream was full of not-so-nice things...
An: But we managed to overcome those hurdles and sing as a team again, remember?
An: So, doesn't that mean we'll be able to handle anything that comes our way?
Miku (VBS): Yes, I agree.
Miku (VBS): I believe that you'll be able to overcome any obstacles that you encounter and propel yourself to new heights.
Miku (VBS): And you'll likely grow a staggering amount with each passing challenge.
Akito: We're not gonna stop until we stand on top of the world.
Toya: Right. And we'll need to take on everything that comes our way if we want to make that happen.
An: I mean, we've already overcome a lot until now!
Kohane: Yeah, that's right!
Kohane: So, let's keep charging ahead... Together!
(White cut)
(Video: link2_street_sapling)
(Black cut)
