110-5 Introductions

(Character: Shiho Hinomori)

(White cut)
(Background change)

[Backstage]

Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): It's nice to meet you too, uh... Ms. Kuno...?
Sumire: Call me Sumire. Again, Shiho, it's great to meet you.
Sumire: And thank you very much for coming to see our show, Mr. Hinomori. We promise to put on a good performance, so I hope you're ready.
Father: I am.
Sumire: Still, Shiho, everyone's right. You really are adorable.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): No, you're all exaggerating.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (Is this the “group of ladies” that Dad said he wanted me to meet...?)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (They don't really seem all that amazing...)
Staff Member: Excuse me, Mr. Hinomori? The manager's calling. Are you free right now?
Father: Be right over. Shiho, can you handle yourself here for a bit...?
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Yeah, I'll be fine.
Sumire: Oh, in that case, I'll keep her company while she waits for you to come back.
Father: Okay, thanks.
Sumire: Alright, you guys start checking over the equipment. I'm gonna keep talking with Shiho.
Iolite Member A: What?! No fair, Sumire! You owe us a big one for this!
Sumire: Anyway, let's chat!
Sumire: I've actually been wanting to meet and talk with you for a little while now, Shiho.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Me?
Sumire: Your dad kept telling us how his youngest liked to go see shows with him.
Sumire: I've been wondering what you're like because I heard you always seem to get all anxious and excited whenever you set foot inside a live house...
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Dad told you that...?
Sumire: He did. Also, I'm a huge fan of your dad's work.
Sumire: I saw him perform at this show I happened to go to on a whim, and I was totally blown away...
Sumire: That was when I decided to ask my friends to form a band with me.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Wait, but... Dad's a guitarist. How'd you become a bassist?
Sumire: Haha... I did try picking up a guitar in the beginning, but one of my friends already knew how to play when we first started our band. So, I ended up on the bass.
Sumire: I know it's not the best reason... But I really love what I do now.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Why...?
Sumire: Well, there's a few reasons... But the most important one probably has to do with how the bass is key to controlling a band's rhythm.
Sumire: If the bassist can't get a good groove going, then the crowd isn't gonna respond the way you want. So, I like how my performance directly affects how they feel...
Sumire: Aside from that, I have to say the sounds it produces.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): The sounds?
Sumire: Yeah, because basses produce this sound that really resonates in your gut. I love how it has this ability to build up energy and excitement inside of me...
Sumire: And it feels so good while I'm playing my bass. Whenever we perform, it feels like an extension of my own body.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Then, you must really love playing the bass.
Sumire: I do! Do you play any instruments, Shiho?
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Dad lets me play his guitars sometimes, but I've never played an electric bass before.
Sumire: Really? Then, wanna try playing mine?
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): What?
Sumire: I'll lend you my bass, so why don't you try getting a feel for it.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Are you sure?
Sumire: Yeah. Here, it's a little big... But you should be fine as long as you use the strap.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): O-Okay... Then...
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Oof... I-It's so heavy...
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (And big... It's so different from a guitar...)
Sumire: O-O-Oh no! Are you okay? Sorry for letting go of it so suddenly. I know it's really heavy...
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): No, I'm okay...
Sumire: Just gimme a second to adjust the strap...
Sumire: A bit shorter and... Perfect!
Sumire: Yeah, it suits you really well! You look like you're in a band already!
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Wait, what...? I doubt you're gonna see anyone like me playing in a band.
Sumire: Nonsense! Anyone with an instrument can start playing in a band the very same day!
Sumire: Next, why don't you try playing it?
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Okay...
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (The strings are so much thicker than the ones on a guitar... Am I gonna be able to get a sound out of them...?)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): *Wince*
Sumire: Oh, it sounds like you went a little too hard there. If the strings don't come off your fingers just right, they end up producing a bit of an ugly noise.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): How should I play it...?
Sumire: So, try to relax a little more this time. Let your fingers roll off the strings... Maybe just maintain the image of bringing them a little closer to the body.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Okay.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Oh...!
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (It's so low and heavy... This sound's resonating throughout my whole body...)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (This is what a bass really sounds like...?)
Sumire: That's great, Shiho. You're so talented.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Please don't treat me like a little kid...
Sumire: Haha. Sorry.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): So, can you teach me some more...?
Sumire: What?
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): I wanna learn how to play better.
Sumire: Shiho...
Sumire: Hehe. Okay, I'll teach you how...
(Black cut)
Sumire: Good. It's okay to take it slow since you're just starting out. Keep strumming alternately between your middle and index fingers, and speed things up when you feel you've got the hang of it.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Like this...?
Sumire: Yes! You're doing great!
(Black cut)
Sumire: For your left hand, keep your fingers pressed down right next to the fret. That should allow you to produce nice, clean sounds with ease.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Okay. ...!
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (My left hand...can't reach it...)
Sumire: Yeah, electric basses are pretty big... But you might be able to reach if you tilt it up a little. Why don't you give that a try?
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Oh, I got it... I'll try playing like this.
Sumire: Sure, give it a go.
(Black cut)
Sumire: Okay, if you move your fingers in the order I just showed you, then you should be able to play this riff now. Give it a try for me.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Okay...
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (Press down next to each fret with my left hand...)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (Try not to yank the strings. Just let them roll off your fingers.)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (And move your fingers in the order she just showed you. Then, you should be able to play that...)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000241/bg_s000241.png)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): I did it...!
Sumire: I know! That was perfect!
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Th-Thank you very much.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sumire: Hehe. Still, Shiho, your focus is so impressive.
Sumire: Everyone's been making so much noise while getting ready for the show, but you basically blocked all that out.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Oh...
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (Yeah, come to think of it... I became so focused on getting this bass to produce the sounds I want that I ended up ignoring everything else that was happening.)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (The way time flies while concentrating on accomplishing one thing...)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (I really like it...)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (Wait, this is like...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (That time...)
Sumire: I know! Shiho, why don't you take this opportunity to start playing the bass?
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): What...?
Sumire: The way you played just now... You looked like you really enjoyed it. I'm sure you'd have even more fun if you took it up seriously!
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): ...!
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (Yeah, that was fun... I wanna play some more...)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (But is it okay for me to...?)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (When I was playing her bass just now, it felt the same as what happened then.)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (I got so caught up in what I was doing that I couldn't see anything else that was going on.)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (Which means the same thing might happen again.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Classmate C's Voice: Right... But she promised ages ago that she'd come. Shouldn't this party take priority?
Classmate A's Voice: Yeah... But if it didn't sound like she was gonna budge...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): (I made things so awkward for them...)
Sumire: Oh, we still have some time, so why not...?!
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): I'm sorry...
Sumire: What?
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): That was enough for me.
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Thank you for letting me play your bass.
Sumire: Wait, but...
Sumire: Are you sure...?
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): Yes...
Elementary School Shiho (Shiho): I don't wanna play anymore.
(Black cut)
