174-6 Pure and Unfiltered

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, KAITO)

[The Lumina Forum - Meeting Room]

Haruka: Alright, let's start deciding who's going to represent us.
Shizuku: The goal is to put on an “Appealing Talk Show”, yes?
Airi: Yeah, but just trying to appeal to everyone by talking about ourselves probably won't be good enough.
Airi: I have a feeling that they're gonna want you to work with the other idols and make it an exciting show.
Minori: By working with them...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (Hmm... I made things really awkward yesterday, so I probably shouldn't volunteer...)
Shizuku: If that's the case, then I feel that you should go, Airi...
Shizuku: Not only are you very good at making these kinds of appeals, you're also the most talented out of all of us at keeping these sorts of group conversations lively.
Airi: Yeah...
Minori: I agree...! I know you'll make things fun for everyone, Airi!
Minori: You did a great job leaving an impression yesterday, and you even saved me in an entertaining way when I slipped up...!
Airi: Yeah, this is sorta my forte...
Airi: But is it really okay for us to decide just based on that?
Minori: Huh...?
Haruka: Yeah, I was actually just thinking the same thing.
Minori: Th-Then, who's gonna represent us...?
Haruka: I think you should, Minori.
Minori: What...?!
Minori: Wh-Why?! I did so awful yesterday...
Haruka: Because...
Haruka: I want everyone to get an unfiltered look at what MORE MORE JUMP! is really about.
Shizuku: An unfiltered look...?
Haruka: That's right.
Haruka: Yes, Airi would likely do a good job of making a solid case for us while keeping that conversation going.
Haruka: But MORE MORE JUMP! still has low name recognition around the country.
Haruka: And people still associate Airi, Shizuku and me with our old groups, right?
Shizuku: Oh...
Haruka: Those who don't know about our group are probably going to be heavily influenced by what we were like back then.
Airi: Now that you mention it, people tend to associate me with variety shows, so our group might be labeled as one that made its name on them...
Shizuku: True... I'm also still strongly associated with Cheerful * Days since I've appeared alongside Arisa and the others quite a lot...
Haruka: Exactly.
Haruka: Which is why I believe we should go with someone that doesn't invite those preconceptions. And more importantly...
Haruka: Someone who will allow them to experience what MORE MORE JUMP! is really about.
Minori: That someone is me...?
Airi: Yeah. I agree.
Haruka: Thanks. The rest is up to how you feel about this, Minori.
Haruka: Can you do this for us?
Minori: ...
Minori: (Me representing all of us...)
Minori: (In other words, what I say is going to determine what everyone thinks of MORE MORE JUMP!...)
Minori: (If I slip up again, it won't just reflect on me. People might think the others are nothing special either...)
Minori: (Which is really scary, but...)
Minori: I'll do it!
Minori: If you all believe that I can do this, then I want to rise to the occasion!
Minori: Also, I want everyone to learn about MORE MORE JUMP! since I love our group so much!
Minori: So, I promise to do my absolute best!
Airi: Minori...
Haruka: *Nod* We'll be counting on you, Minori.
Haruka: Like I said yesterday, it's okay to just be yourself.
Haruka: Go out there, do your best and show them who you are, Minori.
Minori: Okay...!
MC: <It's almost time! We ask all participating groups to please gather in the ballroom!>
Minori: Oh...
Shizuku: Break a leg, Minori!
Airi: Go blast them with your power!
Minori: I will...!
Minori: (I'm really nervous...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: (But I just need to believe what they all said, and believe in myself.)
Minori: Here goes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few minutes later]

[The Lumina Forum - Ballroom]

Staff Member: We ask the representative of each group to sit at the table in the middle. All others can have a seat in the chairs along the wall.
Shizuku: Understood.
Minori: (Tsubaki and Arisa are representing their groups. Who else is...?)
Hikarin: Oh, Minorin, you're gonna be in the show with us?!
Hikarin: Hehe. That makes me so happy♪ Let's go bang-boom-zippity-zoom and have a real cosmic collision☆
Minori: (I knew Hikarin would be here!)
Minori: Yes, let's throw everything we have at each other!
MC: Twenty-one, twenty-two... Twenty-four! Okay, you're all in your seats! Now, let's get started!
MC: It's Lumina Time! These are the events that are going to direct the course of the prelim stage, and here's our first installment! Our “Appealing Talk Show” starts now!
MC: Let me begin by introducing our special guest and MC for this segment! Here he is!
Ueno: Hey, it's me, Ueno.
Minori: What...?! Mr. Ueno?! From Hot Dog Man?!
Comments: <What?! No way!!!> <He's one of the biggest names in comedy.> <Fame has entered the room!>
Ueno: Whoa, look at all the comments. I actually feel kind of bad for being an old man walking into a room full of idols.
Ueno: Also, I may technically be the MC, but I'll really just be announcing the topics that are given to me. Still, I promise to keep things fun since I'm getting paid to do this and all.
Chiharu: Hehe. That's really encouraging! It's great to see you here!
Minori: I-I'm also glad you're here...!
Minori: (Talk about a huge surprise... They got someone that I see on TV basically every day.)
Minori: (But that also makes sense... They probably want to get everyone excited thinking about what other celebrities they have lined up.)
Minori: (The producers of this grand prix put a ton of thought into this and are pulling out all the stops.)
Minori: (Which means I also have to try my best...!!)
Ueno: Anyway, let's jump in with our first talking point. Let's see...
Minori: ...
Ueno: “Introduce yourself and your group to us!” Oh, that's remarkably ordinary! The producers for this show must be nice people.
Minori: (Thank goodness! That means...!)
Ueno: Alright, who wants to go first? Let's get the ball rolling!
Minori: Oh, me! I'd like to go first!
Airi: What...?!
Hikarin: Oh, Minorin, that was fast! You're like a first-magnitude star☆
Ueno: That's a unique way to put it!
Ueno: But let's set that aside for now... Umm... Can you tell us who you are and what group you're from?
Minori: I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP! I have a talent for copying idols' dance routines!
Minori: I've actually learned the dances of a bunch of my fellow idols here, so I'm really excited about getting to be part of the same program!
Hikarin: Hehe. You're making me blush☆ I didn't know you learned some of my dances♪
Arisa: Wait, didn't you two meet during orientation?
Haruka: Looks like Minori's able to speak the way she normally does...
Ueno: So, can you tell us what MORE MORE JUMP! is all about?
Minori: Of course! The best way to put it is...! They're my favorite group!
Ueno: You're a fan?! But you're a member, aren't you?!
Minori: Hehe. I was originally a fan of idols... And our other members are just so amazing!
Minori: Starting with Haruka because she's the perfect idol! Not only is she an incredible singer and dancer, she's thinking about her fans 24/7/365! She's the idol of idols, and has thousands upon thousands of fans!
Minori: She always makes sure to give everyone the most beautiful smile, and she never forgets to look her fans in the eye and tell them just how much she appreciates them during meet-and-greets! Her aura's so bright that it's hard to keep your eyes open, and...
Ueno: Whoa! Too long! Too long!
Arisa: We still have to go, remember?
Minori: Oh, I'm so sorry! Uhh... To summarize...
Minori: MORE MORE JUMP! consists of Haruka, the perfect idol, Airi, the triple threat of singing, dancing and comedy, Shizuku, beauty incarnate and everyone's source of comfort, and me, Minori Hanasato, the girl who will persevere forever.
Minori: The four of us have set out to give everyone hope for a better tomorrow!
Airi: She came up with more weird taglines for us...
Shizuku: Hehe. You can tell that she's trying her very best to make a case for us.
Chiharu: MORE MORE JUMP! really is amazing. We got to perform together at Idol Lovers, and they're so good at getting a crowd going because they know how to get really close with them!
Comments: <Yeah, it's great how close they get with us!> <Idol Lovers was so awesome.> <That was an incredible show!>
Minori: Tsubaki...
Minori: Oh, but everyone in ReLight's also really great! I mean, they're such amazing singers and dancers!! When I saw them on stage during our joint performance, I felt that I had to keep trying harder!
Chiharu: All this praise is making me blush.
Ueno: Oh, are you in ReLight? Then, why don't you go for us next?
Chiharu: Yes, thank you for the segue!
Airi: That was good... They moved things along by playing catch with each other.
Shizuku: Yes, now that Tsubaki's jumped in, things are moving along very smoothly.
Chiharu: Our group is all about...
(Black cut)
Ueno: Alright, our next topic is “My best moment as an idol!” Who'd like to start us off?
Other Idols: Oh, I'd like to go! We have the most fun during our meet and greets!
Other Idols: This story's about the first one we did after debuting.
(Black cut)
Ueno: Our next topic is “Only I do this for my fans!” I'm expecting some good responses for this one.
Arisa: In that case, I'd like to go. My fans request this of me fairly often...
Arisa: Believe it or not, they'll ask me to scold them.
Ueno: Oh, this one feels like a big catch!
(Black cut)
Ueno: Alright, our next one is “My most appealing features!” Any volunteers?
Hikarin: Yes! One of my key features is being able to shine really brightly!
Hikarin: Here, watch me razzle-dazzle☆
Other Idols: Wait, is that a light-up outfit?!
Comments: <Literal shine.> <She wasn't kidding lol.>
Arisa: Alright, let's keep things going. Next.
Hikarin: Wait, you're going faster than a shooting star! You gotta watch me shine more since I made this myself!
Minori: Haha! Oh, is this thing on top of your head a planet?!
Hikarin: Yeah! I'm glad you noticed, Minorin♪ This is Planet Twinkle♪
Minori: Oh, it's your home! It's cute that you have it on top of your head! So, if I were you, then I'd have Japan on top of mine!
Arisa: Hehe. That's silly.
Chiharu: You can't help but giggle when you think about it.
Minori: Oh...
Comments: <I could watch them talk forever.> <I love how a lot of them are talking like this for the first time!> <Getting to know more about them is so much fun!>
Minori: (Thank goodness...! Everyone seems to be enjoying our talk show!)
Minori: (I've gotta keep this momentum going until the very end...!)
(Black cut)
