The Lumina Grand Prix has come at last. The preliminary stage will take place in a specially-built glamorous accommodation facility! A nervous Minori throws herself into life on camera alongside a colorful array of rivals, but she soon meets hurdles.

174-1 The Lumina Forum

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Lumina Grand Prix - Day One]

Minori: Wow...! Th-This place is huge...!
Shizuku: Yes, it is...! I didn't realize the training camp for the grand prix would be taking place at such a big facility...!
Haruka: We were told during orientation that they'll be filming us for a month during the prelim stage as we attend a special training camp...
Haruka: But this place feels more like a five-star hotel than a training camp.
Airi: You're right. They must have an enormous budget for this.
Minori: I'm starting to get really excited! I can't believe we get to stay in such an amazing place and have delicious food here every day...!
Airi: You're as happy-go-lucky as ever, Minori.
Airi: But this isn't all fun and games. You can't let your guard down! Remember how everything during the prelim stage is gonna be streamed?
Minori: Urgh... R-Right...!!
Haruka: And it's not just the prelim stage. They're going to stream what we do day to day during this training camp. In that sense, this really is an unprecedented program...
Shizuku: Ms. Arisawa did say that she wants to see who we are as idols...
Shizuku: But it's hard not to get anxious when you know that you're going to be in front of a camera the entire day.
Minori: Yeah... Ohh, now I'm starting to feel really nervous...!
Airi: Geez, you're all over the place...
Haruka: But they also said how they won't show us leaving to go to school or attending to other offers, so maybe we'll be able to take breathers then.
Minori: Oh, that reminds me... How do you think this competition's gonna go? What if they have us do a dance battle or something...?!
Airi: We can't rule that out... But we won't know until the time actually comes.
Airi: At this point, basically all we've been told is that twenty-four groups are supposed to be here...
Shizuku: Twenty-four groups...
Shizuku: Winning the grand prix means becoming the top group out of all of them.
Haruka: Yeah...
Haruka: But first, let's focus on clearing the prelim stage and progressing to the final stage.
Haruka: That's not only going to be broadcast on TV, but also streamed on NetParadise.
Haruka: A ton of people are going to be watching, so it could really increase our work offers if we do well.
Airi: Right. Our goal for the time being will be to make it to the final stage!
Airi: We have to stay alive if we want to keep moving forward as MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: Right...! We can't give anyone an inch.
Minori: I'm a little worried since we still don't actually know what they're gonna have us do...
Minori: But you guys taught me all about how to be a better dancer and talker! So whatever it is, I plan on making full use of my training to pull through!
Haruka: Let's go out there and throw everything we have at this competition!
Minori, Shizuku & Airi: Yeah! Yes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Lumina Forum - Ballroom]

Minori: Wow...! We're not supposed to meet for another thirty minutes, but the other groups are already here!
Airi: I guess we're all just that motivated...
Staff Member: <Good morning, everyone. Thank you all very much for gathering here so early.>
Staff Member: <Our apologies, but we're still running some sound tests. I hope you'll bear with us until everything is in order.>
Shizuku: Sound tests...? They may not be ready for a little while.
Haruka: Yeah. Why don't we look over those papers again in the meantime...?
Arisawa: <Good morning, everyone.>
Minori: Oh, it's Ms. Arisawa...!
Arisawa: <Now that all our groups appear to be here, I'd like to explain a little about this facility.>
Arisawa: <Thank you all very much once again for deciding to participate in the Lumina Grand Prix.>
Arisawa: <And welcome to the Lumina Forum.>
Arisawa: <This training camp, the Lumina Forum, was built specifically for the Lumina Grand Prix to serve you idols.>
Airi: What...?! This whole place was built just for the grand prix...?!
Arisawa: <Thanks to NetParadise's support, we have been able to assemble everything that you will need to shine as idols.>
Arisawa: <The rehearsal room has an extensive selection of exercise machines. We even have a cafeteria with a menu of healthy dishes that a certified nutritionist helped develop, which should help you all stay fit as fiddles.>
Arisawa: <There are also other facilities that you'll be able to use for your activities, including a stream studio, meeting rooms, a massage room and an archive room.>
Arisawa: <Please feel free to use everything that the Lumina Forum has to offer. I hope you're all able to take advantage of them.>
Minori: There's space to train, eat, stream and have meetings... In other words...
Minori: Isn't this basically an evolved version of the MORE MORE HOUSE...?!
Haruka: You might be right...
Haruka: (Is it possible that the MORE MORE HOUSE was Ms. Arisawa's test run for this...?)
Arisawa: <That concludes my explanation regarding this facility. Please feel free to ask the staff if you have any questions.>
Arisawa: <Now... Oh, before I forget, there's something important I need to tell all of you.>
Minori: Something important...?
Arisawa: <The winning group of the grand prix will be awarded some prize money...>
Arisawa: <But they will also be given a small gift from me.>
Other Idols: Huh...?
Other Idols: A gift?
Arisawa: <That will be revealed when the final results are announced, but I'm sure you'll be pleasantly surprised...>
Arisawa: <I hope you all do your best moving forward to become the winners.>
Minori: A small gift...? What could it be?
Shizuku: I really can't say.
Airi: Based on the scale of this program, I've gotta think it's the opposite of small...
Airi: But there's no point thinking about it right now. That'd be like counting your chickens before they've hatched.
Haruka: Right. We need to channel all of our energy into this current moment.
Staff Member: Thank you for your patience! We're all set to go now!
Minori: Oh...
Arisawa: <Anyway, I'll excuse myself here.>
Arisawa: <I'm looking forward to seeing all of you shine, okay?>
Minori: (It's finally starting...!)
Minori: (We've gotta do our best here! We need to spread as much hope as we can from here so that MORE MORE JUMP! can get closer to achieving its dream!)
(Black cut)
