174-4 Just as You Are

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[A few hours later]

[The Lumina Forum - Corridor]

Minori: *Sigh*
Minori: (Everything went so badly...)
Minori: (I did my best to express my opinions when we were in the meeting room and stream studio... But I kept swinging and missing.)
Minori: (I want everyone to focus on MORE MORE JUMP!, but I feel like things just went from bad to worse...)
Haruka: Minori? The baths are this way, not that way.
Minori: Huh? O-Oh, sorry...! Hehe. I didn't mean to space out there.
Airi: Get a hold of yourself, Minori! We don't need you copying Shizuku.
Shizuku: That's right, Minori. Getting lost is my specialty, so I'd rather you didn't take that away from me.
Airi: What do you mean “specialty”?! Promise to never write that on your resume, okay?!
Minori: Haha. Right...
Haruka: Um, Minori...?
???: *Sigh* That was such a nice bath! I feel like chugging a whole bottle of milk now!
???: You sound like an old man. Also, you really gotta stop doing that thing where you put a hand on your hip while you brush your teeth.
Shizuku: Oh...
Arisa: Shizuku...?
Marina: Oh, it's MMJ! Are you all heading over to the baths now?
Shizuku: Yes, since we decided to eat first.
Arisa: I see...
Comments: <Whoa, Shizuku and Arisa are having a stare down!> <Are they gonna go at each other like they did during iHaz?>
Minori: (I forgot... Everyone's watching all of this...!)
Arisa: Your timing couldn't have been better...
Arisa: You may've left, but we still came up together. It wouldn't be right of me not to properly greet my rival, no?
Shizuku: ...!
Arisa: Also, this seems like a good opportunity to finally settle things between us.
Arisa: By seeing who is actually better.
Shizuku: Arisa...
Shizuku: I'd like to do that as well.
Arisa: Oh? Are you accepting my challenge?
Shizuku: Yes. Remember what I said last time?
Shizuku: I know not to run away from my responsibilities or ask others to safeguard me.
Shizuku: When I was still in Cheerful * Days, I wasn't able to lead everyone properly. Instead, I ended up causing you all a lot of trouble...
Shizuku: But things are different now. I plan on using the light within me to lead MORE MORE JUMP! forward.
Shizuku: So, Arisa, I don't plan on losing to you. Not ever.
Arisa: ...!
Airi: Shizuku...
Arisa: Sounds like you've finally grown a spine. But a big mouth will only get you so far...
Marina: Stop it, Arisa! I know you two have history, but this is getting way too tense!
Airi: Yeah, honestly! This is what you call a greeting?!
Arisa: It's good, right?
Arisa: We're not here to shoot the breeze. This is a broadcast program, after all.
Comments: <Those two really mean business...!> <I can't look away.> <You guys have to include this in the weekly digest!>
Minori: (Arisa did all that to get everyone's attention...)
Minori: (But that's not all...)
Arisa: Anyway, that's everything I wanted to say, so I'll be going now.
Shizuku: Of course. Let's both do our best.
Minori: (Those two are fully prepared to go head-to-head...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One hour later]

[Bedroom]

Shizuku: This really is a wonderful room. The sofa looks very comfortable.
Airi: I know, right?! I bet the second I sit down, I won't feel like ever getting back up.
Haruka: Hehe. I don't see any problem with that since the bedrooms aren't being filmed.
Minori: Oh, right...! There aren't any cameras in here!
Minori: Phew...
Airi: Whoa, are you sure you're okay? You just collapsed like you'd used the last ounce of your energy.
Minori: Hehe... So much relief just washed over me that I couldn't help it...
Shizuku: You did try your very best today.
Minori: *Nod* But things didn't go so well...
Haruka: Minori...
???: <Girls!>
Minori: Huh? That voice...
Rin (MMJ): <Hehe. I came to visit!>
Miku (MMJ): <Us too♪>
Shizuku: Oh, welcome, everyone♪
Len (MMJ): <We're sorry for dropping by so suddenly. The thing is, we've been peeking at what's going on with the program. We decided to pop out after hearing that there aren't any cameras in this room.>
KAITO (MMJ): <Nice work today! We could tell just how heated the competition at this grand prix is!>
KAITO (MMJ): <And the way you interacted with your rivals was so dramatic...>
MEIKO (MMJ): <KAITO, have you forgotten that we're here to ask what Minori and them thought?>
KAITO (MMJ): <Oh no! I-I'm sorry...!>
Airi: Hehe. We're glad that you enjoyed everything.
KAITO (MMJ): <Ahem... Anyway, how did the first day of the grand prix go?>
Minori: Oh... Uhh...
Minori: I didn't do very well today.
Miku (MMJ): <Wait, you think so? I really enjoyed seeing you talk with Hikarin and everyone.>
Minori: But the others had to help me a lot with that.
Airi: You did get a pretty good response, so I really don't think you should be so hard on yourself... But you did seem more nervous than normal.
Minori: I was. I thought I was ready for this grand prix since it's such a hugely important event...
Minori: But I kept thinking, “You have to do everything you can to get noticed,” which ended up overwhelming me...
Luka (MMJ): <I see... You're all used to doing streams, but this one takes place over a much longer period...>
Luka (MMJ): <And it can't be easy to get everyone's attention when there are so many other idols around.>
Minori: *Nod* But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Hikarin: The Sparkly Shooting Star is the biiig meteor I rode on to get to this planet☆
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: We're not here to shoot the breeze. This is a broadcast program, after all.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: The others all took advantage of the opportunities that they were given...
Minori: They made things more exciting or bumped heads with those around them, while also making sure to get in something about themselves...
Minori: It feels like their resolve is on a different level compared to mine when it comes to this grand prix.
Minori: I... I feel like I didn't prepare enough...
Minori: But that fact became clear to me today.
Minori: So, I'm going to make the most of this revelation by not messing up tomorrow! I'm gonna keep trying harder and harder and harder!
KAITO (MMJ): <...>
KAITO (MMJ): <How about you try to relax a little, Minori?>
Minori: Huh?
KAITO (MMJ): <I understand exactly how you feel... After all, this program is an enormous opportunity for MORE MORE JUMP!>
KAITO (MMJ): <Wanting more people to watch you. Wanting to spread more hope. Those desires are making you fret.>
Minori: Y-Yes...
KAITO (MMJ): <But I think you're a wonderful idol just the way you currently are, Minori.>
KAITO (MMJ): <Your fans and I all want to support you because you don't act. We like you for who you are as a person.>
KAITO (MMJ): <So, I feel that you shouldn't pressure yourself to be better or more noticeable.>
KAITO (MMJ): <Even if you stumble, I'm certain that somebody out there will feel inspired by the way you're always doing your best.>
Minori: KAITO...
Haruka: I agree with KAITO.
Haruka: It's hard not to feel anxious when you're surrounded by so many impressive idols.
Haruka: But you're an idol who's able to spread hope to others just by being yourself, Minori.
Haruka: So, you should have more confidence in yourself.
Minori: You guys...
Minori: Now I see... I was putting way too much pressure on myself...
Minori: Thanks, you guys!
Minori: I'm going to go out there tomorrow, not worry so much and be more and more and more like myself!
Airi: Yeah, you just gotta give everyone a big dose of who you really are!
Airi: That being said, we still have to do a debrief. You ready...?
Minori: Huh? Y-Yes, I'm ready!!
Haruka: Hehe. That's a good call. Since everyone's here, we should hear their thoughts while we reflect on everything that happened and prepare for tomorrow!
Minori: Okay! I'm looking forward to hearing your criticism!
(Black cut)
