174-8 Two Shining Lights

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[The Lumina Forum - Ballroom]

Comments: <What kind of character did you play back then, Hikarin?> <Trying to hide it will just make us more curious.> <Guys, I wanna hear the other idols talk.>
Comments: <Hikarin's used enough time. Next.> <But I wanna know.> <Her playing an honor student is pretty interesting.>
Haruka: (Everyone in the comments is starting to ask about Hikarin's past...)
Haruka: (You don't normally respond to these kinds of comments, but it's hard to ignore them when you're seeing this volume.)
Haruka: (How are they going to turn this around?)
Hikarin: Hehe...♪ You guys are curious about me like when people watch a solar eclipse!
Hikarin: So, I'll tell you a little about my past! I'm talking around a million light-years ago♪
Shizuku: Oh...
Airi: She's going to try to quell them herself.
Ueno: They're saying that you used to be more normal, Hikarin. Can you give us some more insight...?
Hikarin: *Nod*
Hikarin: The truth is, a long, long time ago, I used to perform as an underground idol on this planet.
Minori: ...!
Hikarin: Even back then, I worked really hard to illuminate everyone's lives!
Hikarin: But the me back then was only able to produce a tiny amount of light...
Hikarin: I tried really hard to twinkle even more, but that caused me to drain my own batteries.
Hikarin: Which is why I decided to go back to Planet Twinkle to take a break.
Minori: ...
Hikarin: I thought about just staying home and relaxing forever, but I ultimately couldn't change how I felt.
Hikarin: On the other hand, I was worried that I'd end up in the same place if I didn't find a way to twinkle brighter.
Hikarin: I spent lots and lots of time thinking about how I could accomplish that.
Hikarin: And that's how twinkletastic me exploded onto the scene!
Chiharu: I had no idea...
Hikarin: Hehe. I know that I'm completely different compared to my old self, but how I came to be is the same...!
Hikarin: The old Hikarin and the current Hikarin are both jam-packed with twinkly star stuff for all of you!
Hikarin: So, everyone...
Comments: <She did have a past life.> <Deep down, she's pretty normal.> <Great story!>
Comments: <But it's hard to get into this character when you know the truth.> <She can say all that wild stuff, but you know that she's actually pretty normal lol.>
Comments: <Shouldn't you have gone with a different character?> <Yeah, this feels too Showa.>
Hikarin: Oh...
Shizuku: Regardless of the situation, it's never easy to change who you are as a person...
Shizuku: But Hikarin decided to go down that path in order to spread hope to as many people as she could.
Shizuku: And yet...
Haruka: ...
Hikarin: Anyway, that's all from me...! The end!
Hikarin: I mean, don't you all wanna hear from your fellow Earthlings? So, Minorin, how about... Huh?
Minori: *Sob*
Hikarin: Huh?
Hikarin: M-Minorin...?! What's wrong?!
Ueno: Wh-What's going on?! Is everything alright, Minori?!
Minori: I-I'm shorry, I...!
Minori: I... I...
Minori: I was just so moved...!!
Hikarin: What?
Minori: H-Hikarin, you suffered so much that you ended up having to take a break from what you were doing...!
Minori: But you overcame all that in order to keep spreading hope to everyone...!
Minori: That by itself is really amazing. But you came back shining even brighter.
Minori: You worked really, really hard... And you found the resolve to go through with your decision. Just thinking about that made me...!
Hikarin: Minorin...
Minori: H-Hikarin!
Minori: You're such an incredible person!
Minori: I'm officially your fan now! I promise to support you forever and ever!
Hikarin: Oh...
Hikarin: ...
Hikarin: Minoriiiin!!! Thank you so much! I'm so happy that Planet Twinkle might go big bang!
Hikarin: I promise to keep doing absolutely everything I can to spread twinkly hope to everyone!!
Minori: Yes!! And I'll be waiting to be filled with that twinkly hope!!
Minori: Then, I'll use that energy you give me to try harder and harder and harder!!
Comments: <I'm starting to tear up.>
Arisa: Oh...
Comments: <Yeah, it does take a lot of guts to change characters like that.> <Despite what a lot of people are saying, I think you're really cool.>
Comments: <It's amazing how you were able to pick yourself back up the way you did!> <I'll forever support you, Hikarin!> <I feel the same way as Minori now!>
Chiharu: These comments...
Ueno: I know what they mean... I also went through a lot when I was young.
Ueno: So, Hikarin, you have my support as well!!
Hikarin: ...! Thank you so much, Ue-P! We should take a trip to Venus together sometime!
Ueno: We're suddenly that close now?! Or the opposite because Venus's really far away!
Hikarin: Alright, now that we've got a twinkly flow going, Minorin, you gotta go next!
Minori: What? M-Me?!
Ueno: You do seem like the right person to go next! So, take it away for us!
Ueno: What beliefs drive you as an idol?
Minori: (Wh-What do I do...?! I got so caught up in everyone else's stories that I totally forgot to come up with my own...!)
Minori: (But...)
Minori: (I want to do what they did.)
Minori: (I want to tell everyone that's watching right now...)
Minori: (What I believe in.)
Minori: We at MORE MORE JUMP! work every day towards giving everyone hope for a better tomorrow...!
Minori: But that's been really, really hard...
Minori: Especially for me since, unlike the others, I didn't have any experience being an idol... And I kept holding them all back.
Minori: However―
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000472/bg_s000472.webp)
Minori: That's also why I'd like to tell you all this.
Minori: Even someone like me can shine if she works super hard! So, let's all keep doing our best together!
Minori: And because I know that I've been able to spread hope to some of you out there...
Minori: I promise to never ever give up!
Minori: We're going to make our dream come true no matter what!!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Oh, uhh... So, to summarize, I'm driven by...
Arisa: Don't you think you're using up a little too much time?
Minori: What?! I-I'm really sorry!! U-Uhh...!
Arisa: We heard your message loud and clear.
Minori: Huh...?
Hikarin: Yeah! Just look at the comments!!
Comments: <I'm able to keep trying because of you, Minori!>
Comments: <I kinda had a hard time watching her because she kept swinging and missing, but she seems like a hardworking girl.> <She's so straightforward...>
Comments: <I was so moved by your tears.> <Her crying all of a sudden kinda startled me lol.> <MMJ's enthusiastic optimism is what makes them so great!>
Minori: Oh...
Minori: You guys...
Minori: Thank you so much!
(Black cut)
MC: That concludes our very first Lumina Time!
MC: I hope you'll all stick around to see how the rest of the Lumina Grand Prix unfolds!
Minori: *Sigh* It's finally over...
Chiharu: Nice work, Hanasato.
Minori: Oh, Tsubaki! Nice work to you as well!
Minori: Thank you so much for helping me keep each conversation going! You were a huge help!
Chiharu: Likewise. I was able to enjoy things until the very end because of your brilliant energy.
Arisa: Yes, you did save us there in the end. So, thanks.
Minori: Oh...! Thank you as well!
Cheerful * Days Member: You were amazing out there, Arisa! Our leader gets the job done, huh?
Arisa: Of course I was amazing.
Minori: Oh, there she goes...
Chiharu: Hehe. I guess that's Higure for you. Oh, the others are calling me over. If you'll excuse me...!
Minori: Okay, see you later!
Airi: Minori!
Minori: Oh, you guys...!
Minori: So, how did I do? Was I able to promote us okay?
Shizuku: Yes, I think you were able to explain to everyone watching who you are as a person and who we are as a group.
Airi: And it wasn't just the comments. People are saying good things on social media too! Through you, they're showing a lot of interest in us now.
Haruka: Yeah.
Haruka: Thanks, Minori. I'm glad we asked you to do this.
Minori: Oh... Hehe. Thank goodness...!!
Hikarin: Miinoorin! Huggy-snuggy-wuggy!!!
Minori: W-Wah! Hikarin?!
Hikarin: Thank you so much for what you did back there, Minorin! I felt so happy when you said how moved you were by my story!
Minori: N-No, don't thank me! All I did was say what I felt!
Hikarin: Hehe♪ That's what made me so happy☆
Hikarin: The thing is, you gave me hope for a better tomorrow...!
Hikarin: So, Minorin, this ordinary girl decided to become your fan too!
Minori: Hikarin...
Hikarin: Let's make the most of the time we have left here☆
Minori: Yes, let's! Hm...?
Minori: Wait, did you just call yourself...?
Hikarin: I can fly wherever I want using my twinkle-twinkle powers☆ Wh-Wh-Wh-Whoosh!
Airi: Way to go, Minori. You managed to spread hope to a rival.
Minori: Hehe. I can't help but blush when you put it that way...
Minori: But I also felt that I need to keep trying even harder moving forward...
Minori: After hearing about what drives everyone today, I was reminded of why they're all so amazing.
Minori: And I get to compete against them! I have to make the most of this opportunity by growing so that I can face them with my head held high!
Shizuku: Right... I'm also hoping that I can do them justice.
Haruka: Then, why don't we head over to the rehearsal room to practice right now?
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: Oh, before I forget! I came up with the “Minorin Dance” last night. Wanna try it together?
Airi: I'll pass.
Minori: But!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Staff Member: The talk show went so well.
Staff Member: Especially the part when they talked about their core beliefs. I was so moved.
Arisawa: Hehe. That's good to hear.
Arisawa: But all we did today was set the stage. This is where the prelim stage begins in earnest.
Arisawa: So, let's continue with our preparations, shall we...?
(Black cut)
