174-5 The Stage is Set

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[The next day]

[The Lumina Forum - Cafeteria]

Minori: *Yawn* Oh, Shizuku, you also got the salmon belly set?!
Shizuku: Yes, because the omelets that came with it looked so delicious.
Minori: I know, right?! They're so plump and shiny! You can tell that a pro made them!
Haruka: Hehe. Now that we're all here, why don't we get started. Let's eat.
Minori, Shizuku & Airi: Let's eat!
Minori: Mmm...! This salmon's so rich with fat that it just melts in your mouth! I can't believe we get to have something so delicious for breakfast!
Comments: <It's MMJ!> <Even in the morning, Shizuku looks divine.> <Their breakfast looks delicious!>
Shizuku: Huh? I think we're on camera right now.
Minori: Hey, you're right! Morning, everyone! Check out how this salmon belly glistens! And it tastes—
Haruka: Minori seems all better now...
Airi: Yeah. That means the four of us are back to full strength!
???: Excuse me. Would it be alright if we sat with you?
Minori: ReLight's here...! Yes, sit and have breakfast with us!
Chiharu: Thank you very much! Akari, why don't you sit next to Momoi...?
Akari: Y-You really don't have to do that! I'll take the seat, though!
Shizuku: I see that you got the ginger fried pork set, Hagiyama.
Yu: Yes, because I don't like dealing with fish bones... I usually avoid those kinds of dishes whenever I eat out.
Akari: Yu's more unsophisticated than you realize. For one, she can't cook at all.
Shizuku: Really? That's a bit surprising.
Haruka: This feels a little strange... I mean, we're having breakfast with ReLight.
Airi: Yeah... We're probably going to see a lot of each other, so we look forward to working with all of you!
Chiharu: Likewise! We're really glad that we get to do something with MORE MORE JUMP! again.
Chiharu: We may be rivals, but our feelings are probably the same...
Minori: Our feelings...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akari: But we want to become idols who can make people all across Japan smile through our singing and dancing!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: Yeah...!
Minori: Let's do our best to spread hope to as many people as we can and make them all smile!
???: <Good morning, everyone!>
Minori: Huh?! Wh-What's going on?!
Haruka: Oh... Take a look at that monitor.
Akari: Hey, isn't that Aya-P...? What do you think she's gonna say?
MC: <I know this is sudden, but this competition's very first Lumina Time will begin shortly!>
Haruka: ...!
Airi: Here we go...
Minori: It's Lumina Time... What do you think they're gonna have us do?
MC: <Your first task will be announced in the main ballroom in one hour! We ask those who are interested in participating to please be there! See you then!>
Minori: Oh, it went black.
Haruka: In one hour. That's not a lot of time...
Airi: We need to get changed, do our makeup and take care of a bunch of other stuff. But first, let's get in a good breakfast!
Minori: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One hour later]

[The Lumina Forum - Ballroom]

MC: I see plenty of you here! Also, now that it's time, no further requests for entry will be accepted.
MC: Anyway, it's the very first Lumina Time. I'm sure you're all wondering what exactly it's going to entail.
MC: So, let's get right to it! The theme this time around is...
MC: An “Appealing Talk Show”!
Minori: Appealing...?
MC: The rules are simple. We'll provide you with various topics, and your job will be to inform our viewers about you and your group!
MC: However, only one member from each group will be allowed to speak!
MC: There will be a separate MC present, but it'll be on all of you to keep the conversation going.
Airi: (I see... In other words, this isn't just a matter of us making an appeal about ourselves.)
MC: In addition, the talk show will be broadcast on KyoTV, so it'll be a chance for you all to make an appeal to the viewers watching there!
MC: We'll begin right here in thirty minutes, so please make sure to choose a representative by then. Anyway, I'll see you all again soon!
Minori: So, who should we have go?
Haruka: Talk shows are Airi's wheelhouse...
Haruka: But there might be more to consider. Why don't we discuss this in a meeting room since we still have some time...?
Airi: Yeah, let's sort all the information we have.
(Background change)
Staff Member: So, who do you think is gonna appear?
Staff Member: Hikarin for sure since she's flying solo. Which means it'd be extremely helpful to have people like Arisa or Airi present since they're so great at coming up with quips and keeping conversations going...
Arisawa: I'm sure Arisa's going to be there. She understands her strengths very well, and I'm sure she'll want to take the spotlight as the leader.
Arisawa: As for Airi... I'd say she's a 50-50 chance.
Staff Member: Hm, you think so...?
Staff Member: Still, a talk show... It seems appropriate to open with one, but it also feels like an ordinary choice.
Arisawa: Oh, are you so sure about that?
Arisawa: I think it's important for them to get to know one another since they're going to be spending quite a lot of time together here.
Arisawa: So, I'm sure this show will quickly bear fruit.
(Black cut)
