174-7 Beliefs

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[The Lumina Forum - Ballroom]

Ueno: Man, idols these days are such good talkers! I honestly can't believe you're outdoing this comedian.
Ueno: Anyway, our next topic will be our last one...!
Comments: <Aww...> <I wanna hear more.> <Let's do another ten.>
Ueno: I also want to hear more from them, but I'll turn all grey if we keep going.
Minori: (This is our last one? The time just flew by...)
Minori: (No, I can't let my guard down until it's fully over...!)
Ueno: Alright, here's our last topic!
Ueno: “What I believe in as an idol!”
Minori: Huh?
Ueno: In other words, tell us about what drives you to do what you do as idols!
Minori: What I believe in...?
Minori: (We're driven by a desire to spread as much hope as we can to people...)
Minori: (But that's our goal as MORE MORE JUMP! I don't think it counts as my personal drive...)
Minori: (What do I believe in? Hmm... What is it that drives me exactly...?)
Chiharu: Then, can I speak first?
Ueno: Alright, Chiharu, take it away!
Chiharu: Thank you.
Chiharu: I believe that I have to constantly polish and reinvent my aura.
Minori: Reinvent your aura...?
Chiharu: Ever since I was little, if I put my mind to something, I've generally been able to succeed at it.
Chiharu: And yet, I could never seem to become number one... Some part of me was convinced that I was destined to stay that way forever.
Chiharu: But I realized something when I saw the audition program for this one idol group...
Chiharu: I wasn't doing enough to make my aura brilliant.
Chiharu: I just kept doing what seemed right at any given moment. I wasn't working towards anything...
Chiharu: That girl I saw... She decided what she wanted to become, worked hard towards that goal and shined so brightly as a result.
Chiharu: After that, I began to copy her. I decided to take a hard look at myself in order to shine just like her.
Minori: (Just like her...)
Minori: (I know exactly what she means...)
Chiharu: I decided to become an idol after being overpowered by the brilliant aura she'd achieved through her dauntless work ethic.
Chiharu: Which is why I believe that ReLight needs to be the same. We need to become that overpowering light.
Haruka: ...
Chiharu: But we won't be able to do that by simply working hard. Which is why...
Chiharu: I have to constantly polish myself without wasting a second. That is what I believe.
Minori: (Constantly polish yourself without wasting a second...)
Minori: (Tsubaki really is a hardworking person.)
Minori: (She actually kinda reminds me of Haruka...)
Ueno: Oh, that's so admirable! And your story reminds me of when I was just getting started.
Chiharu: Thank you very much.
Ueno: Now, as good as your story was, you just raised the bar for everyone else.
Minori: (Y-Yeah, she did...!)
Minori: (I need to stop just listening and come up with something to say! Uhh...)
Arisa: Then, mind if I go next?
Arisa: I believe in doing whatever it takes. More specifically...
Arisa: I'm willing to do anything if it means Cheerful * Days becoming the top group. I won't bend there.
Other Idols: Wow...! That's the leader of Cheerful * Days for you!
Arisa: Obviously, I also want to go out there and make my fans happy...
Arisa: But now that I'm the leader, I feel more compelled to get Cheerful * Days to shine even brighter.
Arisa: That's why I want us to prove that we're the best by winning this grand prix.
Arisa: Because doing so will allow us to become even brighter beacons for our supporters, no?
Shizuku: Arisa...
Comments: <Arisaaa!> <I'll follow you forever.> <You have my support!>
Minori: Oh...
Minori: (All the Cheerful * Days fans seem ecstatic about what she just said.)
Minori: (I know how they feel... It's hard not to be captivated by how seriously idols take what they do...)
Hikarin: Wow, Arisarin, you're so cool!! I feel totally starstruck now☆
Ueno: Oh, in that case, Hikarin, would you like to go next?
Comments: <This should be good.> <Is Hikarin actually gonna be able to do this? Lol.> <She might answer in Twinklese.>
Hikarin: Hey, I'm unbudging like a black hole☆ So, you guys gotta promise to listen closely!
Minori: (What drives Hikarin...?)
Minori: (What does she believe in?)
Hikarin: My goal is to get everyone to dream!
Chiharu: To dream?
Hikarin: That's right!!
Hikarin: This planet isn't all fun and games. Living here can be pretty tough.
Hikarin: Being on this planet can feel really lousy sometimes.
Hikarin: Which is why I've made it my goal to present everyone who's having a tough time with fun dreams that twinkle with excitement!
Hikarin: Because I believe experiencing happy stuff like that will give them the power to do their best the next day!
Minori: Hikarin...
Minori: (That's so beautiful... It suits her so well, and she's twinkling so much.)
Comments: <Why's she acting so serious all of a sudden?>
Minori: Huh?
Comments: <Doesn't this count as breaking character?> <I'm kinda disappointed lol.>
Hikarin: ...!
Minori: (W-Wait, why? What she just said was so beautiful...)
Comments: <Wait, I thought what she said was really good!> <I mean, what she said was nice lol.> <It was nice, but I was expecting something more out there.>
Comments: <Yeah, like something about saving Planet Twinkle.> <This person gets it. I wanna see that version lol.> <The show's almost over, so isn't it normal to end on a serious note?>
Shizuku: This is...
Airi: Turning into a really hot potato...
Airi: That's the scary thing about playing this sort of character. Things can unravel really quickly.
Haruka: Right... What she wants to do as an idol isn't exactly what the viewers were expecting...
Ueno: ...
Ueno: That was great, Hikarin! You were able to act like a real idol there!
Ueno: I mean, just look at how surprised everyone is in the comments. Some are stunned by how you can speak an Earth language so well.
Hikarin: What?! I've always been a real idol, Mr. Ueno, and I'm not an Earthling! I'm a fairy from Planet Twinkle!
Minori: (Thank goodness...! Mr. Ueno's giving her some cover!)
Minori: (This should help settle things down in the comments.)
Comments: <Hold on. When she was still an underground idol, wasn't she more normal? Didn't she play an honor student or something?>
Hikarin: Uh oh...
Minori: (Hikarin? An honor student...?)
Comments: <I thought the same thing.> <What are you guys talking about?> <People who know, please tell us more!>
Comments: <She used to be an underground idol?> <Didn't she retire once in the past?>
Arisa: Alright, Hikarin, I think you've been given enough time. Would you mind letting the next person have their turn...?
Hikarin: Darn it, fine! Then, next—
Comments: <What's the truth, Hikarin?> <Tell us!> <You're running?>
Shizuku: Arisa tried to change the subject...
Airi: But the people in the comments won't let up...!
Hikarin: ...
Minori: (Hikarin...!!)
(Black cut)
