33_Kohane Azusawa_R1 Tiny Timid Creature

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Minori: Kohane, are you free this weekend?
Kohane: This weekend? Um, I am meeting with someone from another school on Saturday, but I'm free on Sunday.
Minori: Really?! Then do you wanna go to Phoenix Wonderland together on Sunday?
Kohane: Really?!
Minori: My mom received a pair of tickets from a friend, you see! So she asked me to go enjoy myself with another friend.
Minori: Oh, I'm sorry, maybe you don't like theme parks?
Kohane: What? N-Not at all! I like theme parks, and PXL... I mean, Phoenix Wonderland is a place that I really love to visit!
Kohane: It always feels so homey. Going there cheers me up.
Kohane: They've added some new attractions recently, but the nostalgic mood hasn't gone away.
Kohane: They have a lot of fun and playful areas to go to besides the attractions too. And all the cast members of the park are super nice, too!
Kohane: Also, if you go during your birthday, they have a special...
Kohane: Oh! I-I'm sorry. I must be talking too much...
Minori: Hehe, I've never seen you talk so fast before, Kohane!
Minori: You really love that theme park, don't you?
Kohane: Y-Yes. But it's a little childish, huh?
Minori: No way! I love visiting the place too, and I'm pretty sure plenty of grown-ups do as well!
Kohane: Thank you, Minori.
Minori: If we're going, we should definitely try out all the different attractions they have available!
Kohane: In that case, i-if you'd like, I can come up with a route for that day?
Kohane: Dad and I often visit the park together, so I know of a few shortcuts...
Minori: Wow! Looks like I've found the most reliable companion for this! Yes, please!
Kohane: Okay. I'll try to think of something nice. Oh, but... Are you really sure you want to go with me?
Minori: Huh? Why not?
Kohane: Well, you mentioned that you've finally been able to talk to Kiritani lately, and she's your idol, right?
Kohane: Wouldn't it be better to invite her instead?
Minori: Oh, that?
Minori: The thing is, when Mom gave me the tickets, I immediately thought of you!
Kohane: Huh? M-Me?
Minori: Yup! That's why I wanted to invite you!
Minori: Besides, you were the first friend I made in high school!
Kohane: !!
Minori: I'd love to go with Haruka one day, too...
Minori: But I've already decided that you're the one I wanted to invite first this time!
Kohane: Minori...
Kohane: Y-You were also the first friend I made in high school...
Kohane: So I'm really happy that you asked me to join you!
Minori: Really?!
Kohane: Yes!
Minori: Sunday just can't come soon enough!
Minori: By the way, are there any attractions that we absolutely shouldn't miss in this park?
Kohane: Well, it's not really an attraction, but we should definitely visit the recently revived Wonder Stage.
Minori: Wonder Stage?
Kohane: Yes! Oh, it may take a while for me to explain...
Minori: Sure! We still have lots of time before lunch is over.
Minori: So what sort of performances are being shown there? You know, on that...err, wonder place?
Kohane: Yes. The Wonder Stage!
Kohane: The actors there are high school students like us! They come up with the stage productions and effects themselves, and...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Minori: Bad news, Kohane!
Kohane: Wah! Wh-What's wrong, Minori?
Minori: Class B just had math, and I heard the teacher gave them a pop quiz!
Kohane: A pop quiz? Oh, I get it. Our next class is math too, so...
Minori: Yeah! Th-This can only mean...
Kohane: It's the same teacher. We'll probably get the pop quiz too.
Minori: Urgh, this is really bad!
Minori: It doesn't help that we know there's a quiz coming, because we don't know which part to study for!
Kohane: Huh? Are you weak in math, Minori?
Minori: Um, I'm barely average, I think? Formulas and such just can't seem to stay in my head.
Kohane: Oh, okay...
Minori: Whereas you're terrific with practically every subject! I'm so envious...
Kohane: I'm better with my studies than physical activities because I can study at my own pace, but that's about all.
Minori: Ugh... Being able to say you're better with studies is amazing enough in itself... Wait, this is no time to be jealous! What should I do about the pop quiz?!
Kohane: Oh, about that. The teacher kept saying the formula being taught in the last lesson was something very important. I think it's highly likely we'll be quizzed on that.
Kohane: So... Ah, here it is. I think you'll do fine as long as you revise the formula found on this page.
Minori: Thanks! I'll do my utter best to review it!
Kohane: Okay. If you need any help, just let me know. I think I should be able to teach you.
Minori: Oh, Kohane! You just saved my life!
Kohane: Th-That's over the top...
Shiho: ...
Kohane: Ah, Hinomori.
Minori: Shiho! Now's not the time to be leisurely buying juice!
Shiho: What's happening?
Kohane: We may be having a pop quiz in our math class later.
Kohane: These questions are likely to appear, so please review them.
Shiho: ... But why are you telling me all this?
Minori: Ah! She left... Oh dear... It's still a little hard for me to talk to her properly.
Kohane: Yes. I really hope we can get to know her better one day. After all, we're in the same class...
Minori: Well, maybe if we look out for more opportunities?
Kohane: You're right. But there's no need to rush. First of all, we have to overcome our upcoming pop quiz.
Minori: Yup. Okay, let me run through the first question...
Minori: Um, Kohane? Did we learn this last week?
Kohane: Yes. I write down lesson dates on the textbook and in my notes, so we definitely did.
Minori: Okay, so if I look through my own notes...
Minori: Let's see, the last page...wait. What's this?!
Kohane: Clothing...design?
Minori: I-I remember now. The idea for this really cute outfit came to me that day, and...I didn't take any notes at all...
Minori & Kohane: ...
Kohane: Minori, would you like to see my notes?
Minori: Ko...Kohane! My savior!
(Black cut)
Kohane: The teacher really did give us a pop quiz. Thankfully, we predicted the questions quite accurately.
Minori: Yeah! And if you hadn't shared that with me, I probably would've gotten every single question wrong...
Minori: Also, you didn't just predict the questions correctly. You even taught me how to solve them! I managed to solve all five questions!
Kohane: Hehe, that's great.
Shiho: ...
Minori: Huh? What's the matter, Shiho?
Shiho: ...
Kohane: Oh! Um...you're most...welcome?
Shiho: I haven't said anything, yet.
Shiho: But, well...yeah. Thanks.
Minori: Oh, I get it! Because you told her about the quiz, right?
Kohane: Yes. I think that must have been it.
Kohane: (I really hope I can get to know Hinomori better, too!)
(Black cut)
