34_Kohane Azusawa_R2 Vivid BAD SQUAD

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

Kohane: And then you substitute x here...
An: Ah, I think I got it. Like this?
Kohane: Yeah, that's right.
An: It's easy from here... Solved!
An: Phew! I finally understand how this works.
Kohane: Well done, An.
An: Thank you for explaining it to me.
Kohane: You're welcome.
Kohane: (Hehe. Going through these problems with her was a good review for me, and it made me happy to help An.)
An: What would I do without you?
An: I've got to do okay on the next exam, or the teacher will make me stay after school for extra tutoring.
Kohane: Are you sure it's okay for us to study here, though? You're not open for business yet, but it still feels strange having the cafe all to ourselves.
An: It's better here. I'd only get distracted at home.
An: Besides... Wait here a minute.
Kohane: (She went to the kitchen? Is she getting us some food?)
An: Teacup, check. Now, the tea leaves...
Kohane: Are you by any chance making tea?
An: Yeah. You've earned yourself a treat!
An: And don't worry, I got dad's permission to use the cafe stuff.
Kohane: Thanks. Can I help you with anything?
An: Nope. Just wait and relax. I want to do something nice for you in return for you teaching me math.
Kohane: Hehe, okay then.
An: You'll have to be patient, though. I need to warm up the crockery first, or it won't taste as good.
Kohane: Ah, I remember hearing that getting the right temperature makes a big difference for black tea.
An: It's true! Also you should let it infuse for the right amount of time.
An: My dad taught me all about it.
An: By now, I'm pretty confident I can make great-tasting tea for the customers, so that's one more skill besides singing that I can be proud of.
An: Okay, it's ready.
Kohane: Wow, it has a beautiful color.
An: It tastes amazing, too. Come on, try it.
Kohane: Thanks.
Kohane: Mmm, it's delicious!
An: Told you!
Kohane: It's nice to have special skills like that.
An: You've got talents of your own. Like singing.
An: And being able to undertake any task with absolute commitment. That's a skill in my eyes.
Kohane: Hmm, I guess photography would count too.
An: Photography?
Kohane: Yeah. Just like your dad taught you about specialty teas, mine taught me photography.
Kohane: He's very picky about the photos he takes and has a whole assortment of cameras and lenses.
Kohane: When I turned 12, he gave me one of his cameras and showed me how to use it.
An: Huh, that's cool. How do you learn to take better pics? Do you take photos of landscapes or something?
Kohane: Yeah. I also go to Phoenix Wonderland to take pictures. I can spend the whole day there.
An: A whole day? Do you split that between photography and having fun with the park attractions?
Kohane: What, no. If I'm going to shoot photos, that's the only thing I do.
An: No way!
Kohane: Sometimes I also have Count Pearl pose for me.
An: Count Pearl's—that's your dad's pet snake, right?
An: Good to know I'm not the only one with a weird dad.
Kohane: Hehe, yeah.
An: So we've got another thing in common—we've been taught special skills by our dads!
An: Oh, and by the way, I'd love to see some of your photos!
Kohane: Okay! I'll bring some to show you next time.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

Kohane: An, as promised, I brought photos to show you!
An: Photos you took? Sweet! Show me, show me!
Kohane: Sure. So, these are just some of the better ones...
An: Oh, we've got customers! Meh, it's just you guys.
Akito: Why do you assume we're not customers?
Kohane: Hello, guys.
Toya: Hi. What have you got there?
Kohane: I was just showing An some of the photos I took.
Akito: Well, well. You even have them neatly organized in an album. Or even two albums, I see.
Kohane: Oh, that one's something else...
An: Huh? Is this you when you were little?
Kohane: Y-Yeah... When I told my dad that you wanted to see my photographs, he insisted that I also show you these...
Akito: Your old man wants to show off his camera skills too?
An: Not his camera skills, but his cute daughter. Look, most of these are close-ups of Kohane.
Kohane: Hahaha...
Akito: What the heck's this? You've got a snake around your neck?
Kohane: This is Count Pearl.
Akito: Count Pearl? What?
Kohane: We got her when I was a toddler. We grew up together, so she's like my scaly sister.
Toya: It sounds like you must be close.
Akito: Humans and snakes can't be siblings, dude.
An: Sheesh, chill. It's just what people say, that pets are members of the family.
Toya: Who looks after the snake?
Kohane: Both Dad and I.
Kohane: I still have much to learn from him, both about photography and snake care.
Kohane: How about you, boys? Did your dads teach you anything cool?
Akito: Uh...
Akito: Hmm... Anything cool, huh...
Toya: My dad taught me to play the piano and violin.
Akito: !!
Toya: I don't play anymore, but my two brothers do.
An: Wow, you've got two brothers.
Kohane: That's so nice when the whole family shares an interest.
Kohane: And you, Shinonome?
Akito: Painting.
Kohane: Really?
Akito: My dad's a painter. I didn't stick with it long, it was too boring.
Kohane: Wow, so your dad's an artist.
Kohane: Wait a minute... Shinonome... Is your dad THAT Shinonome?! He's famous!
An: Really? I thought I heard the name somewhere before.
Akito: Toya's dad's more of a celebrity than mine.
Akito: (What am I doing...? I didn't need to bring that up.)
Kohane: I'm happy I learned something new about you and your families!
Toya: Did you take the photos in this album, Kohane?
Akito: Huh? Dude, it's clear these are hers. See how they're mostly out of focus?
Akito: Ouch!
An: Oops, sorry! I didn't notice you had your foot there.
Akito: You're so violent...
An: Moving on... Which of these photos would you say is your best, Kohane?
Kohane: Let me think... Maybe this one. This is Count Pearl enjoying her meal!
Akito & An: ?!
Toya: That's amazing. You can make out the shape of the prey she's just swallowed passing through her.
Akito: I didn't want to see that...
Kohane: Hehe. She's such a glutton. She had two mice in her mouth.
Kohane: Yet she still wanted more! She was so cute with her mouth stuffed full like a sock puppet, that I just had to take a picture.
An: It's weird how you're not squeamish about things like that.
Akito: Yeah...
Kohane: I actually brought one more album with only Count Pearl's photos. Check it out!
(Black cut)
