35_Kohane Azusawa_R3 A Quick Breather

Gacha phrase: I wonder if I've changed at all.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO: Here, hot milk for you, Kohane and An.
Kohane: Th-Thank you.
An: Thanks!
MEIKO: I'll serve yours soon, Miku and Len.
Len: Yay!
Miku (VBS): Thanks, MEIKO.
MEIKO: ...
Kohane: Um... MEIKO? Why do you keep looking at me? Is there something on my face?
MEIKO: No. It's just that you've changed so much. You've cut off quite a lot of your hair, huh? 
Kohane: Hehehe... Yes...
An: That's so true. I was really taken aback when I first saw you in your new hairdo too.
An: Was the hairdresser surprised when you asked to have so much hair cut off?
Kohane: No. I didn't go to a hairdressing salon.
MEIKO: Then where?
Kohane: Ah, well... I cut it myself.
An: No way?!
Len: You did it yourself?! Like how?!
Kohane: Huh? Um... I just took out a pair of scissors from the drawer and...snipped it off like this?
Len: Snipped it off?!
Kohane: Y-Yes... I-Is it really that shocking?
Len: Of course it is! You used a regular pair of scissors, right?
Len: Weren't you afraid of hurting yourself while cutting?
Kohane: Well... I just had the impulse to do it at that moment. It just felt like it was something I had to do.
Miku (VBS): Right.
An: Haha! You're so gutsy for the strangest things sometimes!
Kohane: Y-You think so?
Miku (VBS): But that shows just how determined you were.
Kohane: Oh! Yes!
MEIKO: Those clothes look good on you, too. Do you wear them for your performances?
Kohane: Oh, yes. I actually bought them for that purpose...
MEIKO: Ah, I see.
Kohane: Y-Yes... I seldom wear clothes like this, though. I probably don't look very nice in them.
An: Don't be silly, Kohane! You look great in them! That haircut helps to bring your image closer to their style, too!
Kohane: An...
MEIKO: Hehe, I think she's right. You look good in those clothes.
Kohane: Hehe... Thank you so much.
Kohane: I had such a hard time deciding what clothes to get before finally deciding on these...
Kohane: So I'm really happy that you both like them.
Kohane: I'm glad I didn't perform in my school uniform!
Len: Hm?
Len: Does that mean...if you hadn't bought those clothes, you would've gone for events in your uniform?
Kohane: Huh? Ah, well...
Kohane: That was what I intended to do if I couldn't find anything nice...
Len: Thank goodness you found something, then...
An: Yeah... A school uniform would be way too...
Kohane: I-Is it really that weird?
An: More like it's just gonna make you really stand out?
Miku (VBS): But it can be a pretty cool thing to try, don't you think?
An: That's true... Appearing in a school uniform and causing a bit of buzz, then launching into our song...
An: Hey, that actually sounds like a plan! Wanna try it out for our next show?
Kohane: What?! N-No, it's going to be too embarrassing!
An: I mean, you were ready to perform in uniform to begin with, weren't you?
An: Just like that thing with your haircut, you really are a gutsy one, Kohane.
Miku (VBS): Yeah, I totally agree.
Len: Me too!
MEIKO: Hehe, it certainly does feel that way.
Kohane: I-I'm really not sure...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

Kohane: G-Good afternoon...
An: Hey, Kohane! Welcome!
An: Have a seat at that empty table over there. Will iced tea work for you?
Kohane: Y-Yes! Thank you.
Kohane: Shinonome and Aoyagi are not here yet?
An: Yup. You're the first.
An: I think they should be here soon, though. Probably just being delayed by homeroom.
Toya: Hello.
An: Hey, welcome! Take a seat there, I'll bring you a drink...
An: Wait, where's Akito?
Toya: He received a phone call just before I walked in. He's talking on the phone outside now.
Toya: It's probably about...that.
Kohane: That?
Akito: Yo.
An: Welcome! Your seat's over there.
Kohane: Hello, Shinonome. How was your phone call?
Akito: Ah, well, since we're all here, I should let everyone know.
Akito: Remember the time I mentioned we may be invited to a huge event? I just received an official invitation just now.
An: Really?
Kohane: Th-That's amazing... We only just started performing as a group not too long ago...
Toya: Akito knows a lot of people. He often gets invitations to such events. I think he knows the organizer for the event this time as well.
Kohane: Oh, okay...
An: What's the event about?
Akito: It's a gathering of new artists based in Shibuya.
Akito: Here's the list of currently confirmed performers.
Toya: I guess I shouldn't be surprised to see so many talented rookie groups on the list for such a large event.
Kohane: (I was really nervous about the event being so big, but I'm relieved to hear it's for rookies only.)
Akito: One more thing, though.
Akito: We're the special guests of this event.
Kohane: Huh?
Toya: Nicely done, Akito.
An: That means...we're the highlight of the event, right?
Kohane: Um... Shinonome? Aren't we considered rookies too?
Akito: Toya and I have been performing since middle school. We're not rookies.
Akito: And she's pretty well-known as well just for being Ken's daughter.
Kohane: O-Oh...
Kohane: (They've all performed in many events before...)
Kohane: (But I can count the number of times I've performed on a stage with two hands...)
Kohane: (I'm not good enough to be a special guest...)
An: Are you nervous, Kohane?
Kohane: Huh? Ah, I'm sorry... I'm just not sure...
An: Haha, don't worry! You'll be fine.
Kohane: I-I hope so...
Toya: She's right. You have what it takes, so don't be unsure.
Kohane: An, Aoyagi... Thank you.
Kohane: I felt uneasy because I'm the only one without much experience.
Kohane: But if you think I'll be fine, then I guess it's okay for me to have a little more confidence in myself.
Akito: Hey.
Kohane: Y-Yes?
Akito: Just so we're clear, I didn't sign up for the event without thinking because it's big and we're special guests.
Akito: I wouldn't have accepted the invite if I didn't feel like we were up to the task. In the first place, I wouldn't team up with someone I didn't acknowledge.
Akito: You catch my drift?
Kohane: Yes!
An: Now that that's settled, we need to think of what songs to sing! You have anything in mind, Kohane?
Kohane: W-Well, I want to...
(Black cut)
