135_Kohane Azusawa_R4 Once More, Together (event_6)

Gacha phrase: I'm going to keep working hard!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

Kohane: ...
Kohane: The biggest difference between complete novices and seasoned veterans...
An: ...hane! Hey, Kohane!
Kohane: Huh?! A-An? What's wrong?
An: I should be asking you that. What's up? You totally zoned out.
Kohane: Oh, sorry...
An: You can talk to me if there's something on your mind.
Kohane: Hehehe. Thanks, An.
Kohane: Well, it's about the other day... It keeps nagging at me that I'm so inexperienced compared to the rest of you guys.
An: ...
Kohane: So I was wondering if I could sing here at Weekend Garage sometime, you know, in front of the customers...
An: That's a great idea! And I'd get to listen to your singing while waiting tables! You're absolutely welcome to!
Kohane: Phew, I'm glad you're for this...
An: Okay, you just wait here while I go talk to my dad...
Kohane: Um... Wait, An!
Kohane: I'd like to do this myself. It really should come from me.
Kohane: I can't let you take care of everything for me, or I'll never learn.
Kohane: Besides... This is going to be my solo performance.
An: Kohane... Yeah, you're right!
Kohane: Thanks, An.
An's Father: An, are you working or what?
An: Oops! Sorry, Dad!
An: I've got stuff to do. Talk to you later, Kohane!
An's Father: Here's your milk tea. Careful, it's hot.
Kohane: Um, Mr. Shiraishi!
An's Father: Yes? Did you want to order something else?
Kohane: N-No, I... I wanted to ask you a favor...
An's Father: A favor?
Kohane: It's... It's just that I... I'm the least experienced member of my group.
Kohane: And I don't think it's fair that I'm holding everyone back because I'm new to this.
Kohane: I'd like to... Get more experience singing in public.
Kohane: Please...! Would it be okay if I sang at your cafe, even if it's just one day a week?
An's Father: ...
Kohane: Is... Is that a no?
An's Father: I'm not saying no, but I wanted to warn you first that since you teamed up with An, Akito and Toya, people have started paying attention to you too.
An's Father: The first time you sang here, they had low expectations since you were a rookie. But that's no longer the case.
Kohane: ...
An's Father: They may expect more from you. Are you prepared for that?
Kohane: Yes...! I want to do it!
Kohane: I don't know how everyone will react to me, but I know I have to do this.
Kohane: This is the only way forward if I'm going to stay in this group.
Kohane: And that's really important to me... So please, let me sing here!
An's Father: Well then... It seems like your mind is made up.
Kohane: Yes!
An's Father: But you know, it's not just successful performances that count towards “experience”. Failing is just as important.
Kohane: Failing too?
An's Father: You see, everyone's afraid of failure. Afraid of losing their fame or their team's trust.
An's Father: But the worst is when you're too scared to face it and just run away.
Kohane: ...
Kohane: If you run away from failure, that damage can't be undone and it's all over...
An's Father: Oh, but you're strong enough to confront it. Sure there's still stuff you can't do yet, but you're not all green either.
An's Father: So when you sing, do it with confidence and pride.
Kohane: I will...! Thank you so much, Mr. Shiraishi!
An: Make some space. I've got cookies for you.
Kohane: Huh? Did I order cookies?
An: It's on me! Looks like the talk went well?
Kohane: Yup...!
Kohane: (It's a small step, but it's a step forward...)
Kohane: (An, thank you for believing in me.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Outside the live house]

Akito: Tch! An's been gone a while... How long is this gonna take?
Toya: She said she's looking for the event organizer, so maybe she's having some trouble.
Kohane: She got us a special invite to this event. She must have so many connections...
Kohane: ...
Toya: Azusawa, you okay...?
Kohane: Sorry, I was just thinking that I need to give it my best shot today.
Akito: Don't stress out about it so much, or you'll panic and fumble again.
Kohane: I won't...! I'll sing as well as you all do!
Akito: Good, you're finally showing some confidence.
(Black cut)
Toya: A crowd's starting to form around the stage...
Male Audience Member A: Did you see? Vivid BAD SQUAD's in today's lineup.
Male Audience Member B: Oh, them? I saw those guys at STAY GOLDEN. They're nothing special.
Kohane: Hm?!
Male Audience Member A: Really? I've heard good things about them before.
Male Audience Member B: They just happened to catch a good wave. I'm surprised they even got into this event.
Male Audience Member A: Man... I was kind of hyped to see them too. Now I'm all bummed out.
Akito: Tch...
Toya: ...
Kohane: I... I'm sorry...!
Toya: No, don't worry about it, Azusawa...
Kohane: B-But, it's my fault...!
Akito: Look, there's always gonna be haters. Don't let them get to you.
Kohane: ...
Kohane: (But... If I didn't mess up at STAY GOLDEN, our rep wouldn't have taken such a hit...)
Akito: Sheesh. I take back what I said about you learning to be confident...
Akito: If it's bothering you so much, shut them up with an awesome performance. Like that other time.
Kohane: That other time...?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Kohane: I want to organize a great event with An that will give everyone the best experience of their lives!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Akito: I admit, it looks like you may have the resolve after all.
(White cut)
Akito: Your song was great. Sorry about messing things up before.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Kohane: Oh...
Kohane: (That's right... Shinonome didn't acknowledge me at first, but he changed his mind after seeing me on stage.)
Akito: Keep your chin high and show them how awesome you are.
Kohane: Thanks!
Kohane: Oh, wait... An's dad told me something like that too...
Toya: He actually told me that too, back when I had just teamed up with Akito.
Akito: Oh yeah...?
Akito: Anyway, An's still not back. Let's just go inside.
Kohane: Wait, but...
Akito: It's fine. We'll find her inside.
Akito: And this way, you won't have to listen to some random guys badmouthing us while they wait for things to start.
Kohane: Um... Is that his way of being nice to me...?
Toya: I think so.
Akito: Hurry up, you two! Or I'll go on ahead without you!
Toya: Right. Let's go, Azusawa.
Kohane: Yeah!
(Black cut)
