168_Kohane Azusawa_R3 Gloomy Night (event_12)

Gacha phrase: Hmm... What should I do...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Live House]

Kohane: Thank you for listening! I hope you enjoyed it!
Spectator A: Yeah, we loved it!
Spectator B: Wait, that girl... Isn't she in the same group as Ken's daughter?
Spectator A: Yeah, that's right. She has also been doing solo events lately.
Spectator B: Cool! She's definitely getting better each time too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kohane's Room]

Kohane: Phew... I'm glad tonight went well too...
Kohane: (I was really nervous and my voice was so shaky when I started doing events on my own...)
Kohane: (But now I feel like I can sing just as well as when I'm with An and the others.)
Kohane: They've been itching to have a go at another battle event, so I've gotta keep gaining more experience too!
Kohane: Hm? Coming!
Kohane: D-Dad? What is it?
Kohane: Um... Dad?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[The cafe where Minori works]

Kohane: Sigh...
Minori: Sorry to keep you waiting, Kohane! And thanks for coming all this way!
Kohane: Oh, no. I should be thanking you. Having you see me while you're working...
Minori: Don't worry about it. We don't get many customers this early and I'm on a break now anyway.
Minori: But what did you mean when you said you want to talk about something urgently?
Kohane: So here's the thing...
(Black cut)
Minori: What?! Your parents told you to stop doing gigs?!
Kohane: Yes. One of my mom's friends saw me going into a live house alone the other day...
Kohane: And my dad and mom told me to stop visiting dangerous places like that...
Minori: Wait, why were you alone? Don't you sing with your friends from Kamiyama?
Kohane: Most of the time, yes. But I've been going solo lately to gain more experience.
Minori: Wow, really?! That's awesome!
Minori: I mean, you're working so hard. How come your parents are against it?
Minori: Didn't they know from the start that you've been performing in live houses?
Kohane: They did. But I didn't tell them that I'd also be going alone sometimes.
Kohane: And that's probably what made them really worried.
Minori: I guess some people still believe that live houses are dangerous places where shady people hang out...
Kohane: ...
Kohane: Up until now, my parents were always supportive of whatever I've wanted to do...
Kohane: And suddenly...
Minori: That would be a big shock...
Minori: I'd be crushed too if my parents told me to stop being an idol...
Minori: Oh... Have you talked about this with your friends yet?
Kohane: No, not yet...
Kohane: They've helped me out so much already... I don't really want to drop this on them too...
Kohane: I'm so worried that I may not be able to sing with them anymore...
Minori: Kohane...
Minori: You know what, I think you should talk to them about this!
Kohane: Wait... B-But...
Minori: Kohane... You've talked to me about your friends before...
Minori: And from what you've said, it sounds like you really like singing with them, and they care about you as much as you do about them.
Kohane: That's...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: That's true...
Minori: I understand that you don't want to worry your group, but I really think you should talk to them about it.
Minori: You're a team, right?
Kohane: ...
Kohane: You're right. I hate being a nuisance but... I'll talk to An and the others about it.
Minori: Great!
Kohane: Thank you for hearing me out, Minori.
Minori: Hehehe. You're very welcome!
Kohane: Oh, are you still okay for your break?
Minori: Huh? It's okay, I still have some time!
Kohane: Then want to have some of this parfait? I remember you mentioning that you like the macarons and cream that come with it.
Minori: Whaaat?! But you ordered it for yourself. I can't...
Kohane: You lent me an ear, so I want to treat you. Here, have some!
Minori: A-Are you really sure?! In that case, if you don't mind...!
Minori: Mmm! Yum! Thanks, Kohane!
Kohane: Hehe. Thanks for being there for me, Minori!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Kohane: Good morning, Minori!
Minori: Oh, Kohane! Good morning!
Kohane: Thanks again for the advice you gave me the other day.
Kohane: I did like you said and talked with everyone else about what was happening.
Minori: That's great! So, how did it go?
Kohane: They were really helpful!
Kohane: Thanks to them, the misunderstanding my parents had also got cleared up and they're letting me carry on like normal.
Minori: Really? That's awesome, Kohane!
Kohane: Yeah! And it's all thanks to your encouragement that I was able to talk to everyone about this.
Minori: Hehe. I'm glad I could help!
Kohane: You know, if there's ever anything you need help with, please let me know! I'll do whatever I can to help!
Minori: Thanks! I'll be counting on you then!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama Street]

Kohane: I can't wait for today's practice... Oh, isn't that...
An: Hey, Kohane! Are you heading to the park?
Kohane: I am! Let's go together!
(Black cut)
An: I'm so relieved that everything turned out fine. Toya's over his problems with his dad, and you can keep singing like usual.
Kohane: I was just talking about that with a friend at school today too.
Kohane: I actually told her about my parents being against me performing at live houses a little sooner than everyone else.
An: Oh, really?
Kohane: I'm really sorry about that. I should've come to you guys first.
Kohane: I was just really scared that I might not be able to sing with you again, and I didn't want to be a bother...
An: And you ended up asking her first?
Kohane: Yeah... I'm so sorry, An. You're my partner and I...
An: Haha. Don't be such a worrywart!
An: Well, if you kept it a secret from me for a whole week or something, then it might start bugging me...
Kohane: Hehe. It'd be impossible for me to keep quiet about it that long. You would definitely have noticed that something was eating away at me by then.
An: Yeah, that's true! But I'm curious... What did your friend tell you about this?
Kohane: Hehe. She told me to talk to you about it. Also, she said not to worry about asking because you mean so much to me...
An: Really...? Wow, she seems pretty cool...!
Kohane: She is!
Kohane: And even though that time I talked to her first...
Kohane: From now on, if I have any worries concerning our group, I'll talk to you right away, An.
An: Hehe. You're such a good girl!
Kohane: And I promise not to keep Shinonome or Aoyagi in the dark either.
Kohane: They've been singing together longer than us, so I know I can count on their advice.
An: Yeah. Akito's actually opened my eyes to some things too.
An: But if anything comes up, I'll also go to you first from now on, Kohane!
Kohane: Sure!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shibuya Park]

Akito: Oh, there they are...
Kohane: Hello, guys!
Akito: Hm? What's with that grin on your face?
Toya: Did something good happen?
Kohane: Hehe. I'm just happy that we can keep singing together!
Akito: Huh? What's this all the sudden...?
Toya: Ah... I know how you feel, Azusawa.
Toya: Neither of us has to worry about someone being upset by our choices.
An: Exactly! So let's sing our hearts out, guys!
Kohane: Yeah!
(Black cut)
