215_Kohane Azusawa_R3 Wanting To Grow Together (event_21)

Gacha phrase: Hehe. It's such a strange sound!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Kamiyama Street]

Kohane: Today's event went so well.
An: Yeah. We did really well as a team, but at the same time...
An: It felt like there were more people in the crowd cheering for us than usual!
Toya: You may be right. We've even been receiving more praise from other teams.
An: I know, right? I gotta think that us going up against Arata like that is gonna create a lot of buzz too...
An: Well, one of us may not be too happy about that...
Akito: *Sigh*... Do you have to bring that up every time you talk about that guy?
Toya: But if we can beat him next time, everyone will know for certain that we came out on top.
An: Yeah, that's right! Which is why...
Akito: I know. We have to win as a team.
Kohane: Yeah!
Kohane: Anyways, see you tomorrow!
Kohane: (Okay. I have to keep doing my best as a member of Vivid BAD SQUAD!)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Akito: I convinced myself that in order for us to surpass RAD WEEKEND, I needed to become as good as I possibly could.
(White cut)
Akito: I still believe that I need to get better for us to make our dream come true.
Akito: But from now on, I'll try relying on you guys more...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Kohane: (Shinonome even said that. I have to make sure that I don't get left behind either!)
Kohane: (Oh, but...)
Kohane: (Is it okay for me to keep doing events on my own after what just happened?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Kohane: (Hmm... I couldn't really come up with anything good yesterday...)
Kohane: (If possible, I'd like to think of something on my own...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Kohane: (But maybe I should talk to everyone about this.)
Kohane: (Oh, I can watch that video to get myself ready for that too...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Airi: <Everyone! This show's just getting started!>
Shizuku: <So I hope you'll hear our song too.>
Minori & Haruka: <Start the music!>
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kohane: I've seen this so many times already, but they still amaze me every time...!
Kohane: I can't imagine how exciting it must've been to see this as it actually happened!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kohane: (Oh, Minori said she kept having trouble with this part of the dance and always fell behind everyone else...)
Kohane: (But it was so cool to see how she was in lockstep with everyone else during the show. Her solo went so well too...!)
Kohane: (She's been worried about how her fans haven't been giving her the same respect as the others...)
Kohane: (But I'm sure this show changed that.)
Kohane: (I mean, Minori, you've always...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Kohane: (You've always had this sparkling smile on your face ever since we met and you told me about your dream.)
Kohane: I can't describe how amazing you are, Minori.
Kohane: (That's why I need to do my best to be able to sing up there with An too...)
Minori: Kohane, good morning!
Kohane: Oh, good morning!
Minori: Wait, are you watching...?
Kohane: The joint stream between Nanamin and MORE MORE JUMP! Actually, I've already seen it a few times...
Minori: A few?! More than once?!
Kohane: Yeah. Even though you were surrounded by famous idols, you still ended up shining just as brightly as they did.
Kohane: Your performance was so encouraging and uplifting.
Minori: R-Really...?! I don't know what to say...! Thank you so much, Kohane!
Kohane: Hehe. Oh, also...!
Kohane: Can I ask you about how you practiced before your show? I'd like to try what you did during my practices to, if you don't mind.
Minori: Of course!
Minori: But I don't know how helpful it'll be...
Minori: We kind of just practiced nonstop. Start in the morning, come back during lunch and finish up after school.
Minori: The week before our show, we'd even have a second practice after just finishing another one.
Kohane: I see...
Kohane: (Come to think of it, Minori was sleeping at her desk during breaks too...)
Minori: I'm good at learning dance routines, but making each step look good takes me a while.
Kohane: Which is why you were practicing so hard each day.
Minori: Yeah. If only I had a little more natural talent.
Kohane: (She worked so hard for that show, for her fans...)
Kohane: (That explains why she looked so cool and shined so brightly during that show.)
Kohane: Thanks for your help, Minori!
Minori: No, don't mention it! Will it actually help?
Kohane: Yes! You taught me that I can't take shortcuts to getting better!
Kohane: I'll make sure to practice right so that I can stand up and perform alongside my teammates!
Minori: Okay! I'll be rooting for you! I know you can do it, Kohane!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Shibuya Park]

Kohane: Thanks for waiting, everyone!
Kohane: Hm? Is it just you, Aoyagi? Where are An and Shinonome...?
Toya: About that...
Toya: They said that they won't be able to make it to practice today, so we'll just be doing solo practices.
Kohane: Oh, okay. That's alright with me...
Kohane: But does that mean something happened between An and Shinonome...?
Toya: I'd actually like to ask you about that...
Kohane: ...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend]

[Crase Cafe]

Kohane: Hello.
MEIKO: Welcome, Kohane. Everyone else is already here.
KAITO: I heard that you're studying for exams?
Kohane: Not me but...
Toya: These two...
Akito: *Sigh*...
An: This wasn't supposed to happen...
KAITO: Oh, could it be...?
KAITO: What happened with Tono left you with no time for schoolwork?
Toya: No, exams happened before that and has nothing to do with this.
Toya: But I told them so many times to be mindful of these things...
Kohane: I think they know, Aoyagi...
Kohane: Everybody makes mistakes, so let's try not to worry too much about failing a couple tests, okay?
Akito: Hey, who said I failed? I passed... Barely...
An: Kohane, for my own sake, please don't pin that kind of thing on me...!
Kohane: Huh? But you said that you have to take a make-up...
Toya: The make-up includes not just the ones who failed but those within ten points of failing as well.
Kohane: Oh, that's why they're making you take it.
KAITO: So how many points above failing were you two?
An: Eight points.
Akito: Nine...
Kohane: Really?! You were so close!
An: I know, right?! If you round up, that's ten! There's no point in us taking the make-up!
Toya: That's not the point. You're well below the average, so there is reason for you to have to take it again.
An & Akito: ...
KAITO: As tough as this sounds, try your best. I'll try to find some good studying music in the meantime.
Akito: Yeah, thanks...
MEIKO: I'll even throw in some drinks. Promise to study hard, okay?
An & Akito: Yes, ma'am...
Kohane: I, um... I'll help too! Don't worry, An!
An: Kohane...! Thank you so much!!
Toya: Now, we should get started...
Toya: Shiraishi's on Classics and Akito has to do English. I'll help Akito with English, and Azusawa...
Kohane: Right. I'll help An with Classics.
Kohane: An, do you have your exam with you?
An: Yeah, here...
Kohane: Oh, you missed a lot of points in the vocab section...
Toya: Akito did the same thing. Having a good vocabulary usually makes everything else much easier...
Toya: If only you gave this as much attention as you do when it comes to singing...
Akito: I was trying to do things efficiently...
Toya: Guessing which questions will most likely be asked isn't the same as studying efficiently...
Akito: Okay, fine. My bad...
Kohane: Hehe.
Kohane: Let's get started too, An.
An: Okay.
(Black cut)
An: Hmm... This phrase usually means...
Kohane: Interesting, charming, cute or something along the lines of being touching in some way.
An: Right, I get that...! But this other one, uh...
Kohane: That means...
Toya: Azusawa, spoon feeding her answers won't help her learn that stuff.
Toya: In the event that they do fail the make-up exam, they'll be forced to take classes on the weekend.
Toya: They'll even be put on the secret blacklist of students with bad grades that the teachers made.
Kohane: What?! A blacklist...?!
Akito: Wait, you actually believe in stuff like that? There's no way something like that actually exists.
An: Yeah, there's no way!
Toya: But there's also the saying, Where there's smoke, there's fire.
Kohane: D-Does that mean something like that could actually exist...?
Kohane: (What do we do if they do put An on the blacklist...?)
Kohane: (Wait, everyone else might start making fun of her for that too...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Classmate A: Look, it's Shiraishi. I heard she had to take a make-up again after she bombed it the first time.
Classmate B: Aww, poor her...
Classmate B: Hey, how about we have Shiraishi do all our homework so she'll get better at studying?
An: Kohane!! Help me!!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Kohane: No, An... An...!
An: Hm? Kohane?
Kohane: An..! We have to keep trying! I don't want to see anyone make you do their homework for them!
An: What? Me doing other people's homework...?
Kohane: It's okay, An! You're not going on the blacklist!
Kohane: Let's just start by expanding your vocabulary! Try to memorize everything on these two pages in the next ten minutes!
An: H-Hold on, Kohane... Wait, two pages in ten minutes?!
An: Toya, why did you have to say that?! Kohane's not gonna show me any mercy now...!
Toya: But you'll have to move at least at that pace to get through this today.
Toya: You too, Akito...
Akito: Huh? Uh, I was just thinking about something...
MEIKO: They might be at this a while.
KAITO: You're probably right.
(Black cut)
