249_Kohane Azusawa_R4 Awakening My Inner Strength (event_28)

Gacha phrase: I... I can sing!!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Kohane: Thank you for lending me so much of your time talking with me like this, MEIKO.
MEIKO: You're welcome. Come back anytime.
(Background change)

[Kamiyama Street]

Kohane: Thank you too, An.
Kohane: Like we talked about in SEKAI, I'll try doing what I can to have more confidence in myself!
An: Great! I'll try coming up with some ideas that can help you out too!
An: For now, I'll see you tomorrow!
Kohane: Okay, see you tomorrow!
Kohane: (It's already this late. I need to get home soon...)
Kohane: (But still, so much happened today.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
A Mysterious Man: Well... I'd say you're lacking...
A Mysterious Man: Commitment.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: This is just my guess... But I think he meant that you need to be more confident in yourself.
Toya: Yes. You have this incredible talent for singing, Azusawa, but haven't fully realized it yet.
Toya: I believe that's what that person meant by what they said.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: (Commitment and confidence...)
Kohane: (Until I decided to ask everyone about it, I couldn't figure out what that person meant...)
Kohane: (Is my lack of confidence also a part of why that happened?)
Kohane: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: In the beginning, I thought us not having enough confidence in ourselves was our biggest weakness...
Akito: But I'm starting to think that it might actually be our biggest strength now.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: (I knew even before this that not having that sort of confidence wasn't a good thing...)
Kohane: (But I really appreciate how Shinonome went out of his way to say what he meant.)
Musician A: Hey, nice work earlier.
Kohane: Huh?
Kohane: (Oh, it's one of the other teams from today's event!)
Kohane: (N-Nice work?! All I did was greet everyone and...!)
Musician B: Hey, don't tease her like that. You're scarin' the poor thing.
Musician C: Sorry about that. They still haven't gotten over losin' to you yet is all.
Kohane: O-Okay...
Kohane: (Wait, when I met them, I think they said they were high schoolers too. But they seem much older than me...)
Musician B: But we've been hearin' all about you, Little Miss Diva! I get why you joined up with Akito and his crew.
Kohane: Huh?! I'm still nowhere near as good as them, really...
Musician B: Haha! Then we're really in trouble, huh? Looks like we still got a looong way to go!
Kohane: Oh no! I'm so sorry! I didn't mean it that way...!
Musician C: You're really as modest as everyone's been sayin'...
Musician A: ...
Musician B: What did I say about teasin' her?! But there is somethin' I wanna ask you.
Kohane: Ask me?
Musician B: Yeah. We tried to get a hold of you after the event, but this one got all depressed over the results...
Musician A: Dude, shut up! She doesn't have to know that!
Musician A: What I'm tryin' to ask is, what sort of stuff do you work on every day...?
Kohane: You mean, how do I practice?
Musician A: Yeah. I heard you started singin' just a little while ago. What did you do to get this good this fast?
Kohane: An, Shinonome and Aoyagi all show me what to do during practices...
Kohane: Um, here's a sample of what we've been working on. It's all handwritten, so I apologize if it's not completely legible...
Musician C: You sure?
Kohane: Huh? Yes, of course. At least, I think it's okay...
Musician C: Then if you don't mind...! You guys work on fundamentals and stuff more than I expected.
Kohane: Yes, we do. But that's just what we usually do on our own. The other side has what we do day to day.
Musician B: The other side? Oh whoa, it's different each day...
Musician A: This is about what we really need to be doin', huh?
Musician A: But can you tell me this? What percentage of your time do you spend practicin' alone?
Kohane: What percentage? Oh, I'm sorry. I should've made that clear from the start...!
Kohane: We do everything on the front every day and everything listed for each day on the back.
Musician B: Wait, hold up! You do everything on the front every single day?!
Kohane: Y-Yes, we do...!
Musician A: And your teammates do about the same..?
Kohane: Not quite. Shinonome practices even more than I do. I believe Aoyagi does as well.
Kohane: An has to help out at home, so she ends up practicing about as much as I do...
Kohane: I'd actually like to do more, but they told me to start with this and see how things go from there...
Musicians: ...
Kohane: I-Is something wrong...?
Musician A: We weren't takin' this seriously enough at all...
Musician B: Yeah. This was an eye-opener.
Musician C: It was.
Musician A: You said your name is Azusawa, right? I'm glad we got a chance to talk to you...
Musician A: We ain't losin'... No, we aren't going to lose next time. Not to you or Vivid BAD SQUAD.
Kohane: Of course! And we'll be waiting for you!
(Black cut)
Kohane: Phew... They really took me by surprise there.
Kohane: (But I could tell that they're trying to go as high as they possibly can too.)
Kohane: (Their performance was also really good, so I should keep them in mind moving forward.)
Kohane: Oh, they were so surprised by how much we practice too...
Kohane: (I never actually thought about it since I was so obsessed with trying to catch up to An and the others...)
Kohane: (But that does also sound like I'm suffering from tunnel vision.)
Kohane: If we're going to surpass RAD WEEKEND as a team, I need to figure out how to broaden my horizons and have more confidence in myself.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Vivid Street]

Kohane: (I'm so excited for today's practice. It'll be the first time we practice doing this song together.)
Band Member A: E-Excuse me...! You're Kohane Azusawa from Vivid BAD SQUAD, right?!
Kohane: Huh? Y-Yes, I am!
Band Member A: See, I knew it! Sorry to bother you like this, but we were performing just over there and wondering if you wouldn't mind hopping in for a quick song.
Kohane: M-Me? Are you sure?
Band Member B: Yeah, totally! We're all huge Vivid BAD SQUAD fans!
Kohane: Fans?!
Kohane: (W-What do I do?! I've talked to some of the regulars before at events and An's place...)
Kohane: (They look close to my age. But what they said just made my face turn completely red...)
Kohane: (No, they went out of their way to ask me, and I still have time until I have to go...!)
Kohane: Okay, if you'll have me.
(Black cut)
Band Members: Thank you very much!
Kohane: Thank you!
Band Member A: Thank you so much for doing this, Azusawa! That was so amazing and loads of fun!
Band Member B: I know we sounded a little iffy back there, but you really just carried us the whole way through...
Kohane: No, please don't say that. I had a lot of fun too!
Band Member B: You did? That's a relief...
Band Member A: We loved being able to hear you sing like you did during STAY GOLDEN, but I guess we haven't quite reached your level yet.
Band Member B: Haha. So true.
Kohane: No, really, please don't say that...
Kohane: (It's true that I tried to sing so that it matched better with their own performance...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: (But I'm not sure I'd be able to sing the way I did then even if someone asked me to...)
Kohane: (How on earth did I actually do that?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shibuya Park]

Kohane: ——!　————!
Kohane: (No, this isn't right either... That time, it was more...)
Kohane: ——!　————!
Kohane: (*Gasp*...!)
Akito: Stop! What are you rushing ahead like that for?
Kohane: I'm so sorry. It felt different and I just...
An: Felt different from what? Did we mess up somewhere?
Toya: I apologize for not being able to pick up on it either. Would you mind telling us what's bothering you?
Kohane: Oh, um... It doesn't have to do with how we're harmonizing or anything...!
Kohane: It's just... I haven't been able to sing like how I did during STAY GOLDEN...
Akito: That's what's bothering you...?
An: Yeah, you did say that you don't really remember what happened.
Kohane: Exactly. I was just having so much fun singing.
Kohane: *Sigh* I wish I could remember what I did so I can always sing like that...
Akito: But trying to means you've already taken your first steps. Punching above your weight like that might also have something to do with the crowd and the venue.
Toya: I agree. You still remember that it happened, so I don't think you have anything to worry about.
An: Yeah, exactly! It's like riding a bike! Once you figure it out, you never forget how to!
Kohane: Like riding a bike...?
An: Wait, you've never heard that before? They say you can ride a bike even after not riding one for like decades.
Kohane: Right, I've heard that before...
Akito: But you still chose a weird example.
An: What?! How?! It's the perfect example, right...?
Kohane: I'm so sorry, An! I understand how you feel... I think? But it's okay, I know how to ride a bike...!
Akito: That doesn't actually have anything to do with what we're talking about. Again, weird example.
Toya: ...
Toya: I believe she's trying to say that your body has already learned to do it, so you have nothing to worry about, yes?
An: Y-Yeah! What he said! Nice one, Toya!
An: Kohane, you took a huge step forward that time, so you should be proud of what you accomplished!
Kohane: An...
Kohane: Yeah, you're right.
Akito: Anyway, we're doing that part over again. Don't rush ahead this time.
Kohane: Right!
Kohane: (I actually managed to sing confidently like I wanted.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: Kohane... You were able to sing like that because you were able to find the answer yourself.
An: So, congratulations!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: (I have to keep doing my best so that I can keep singing with them!)
(Black cut)
