263_Kohane Azusawa_R2 Sea Glass Full Of Feelings (event_30)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

[Swimming Beach]

Kohane: This was so much fun, but it's really coming to an end.
Honami: Yes. We'll be on the bus home soon.
Emu: But we're still here and we still have time, so it's not over yet!
Saki: Yeah, Emu's right! Let's have as much fun as we possibly can until we have to get on that bus!
Kohane: Hehe. Let's!
Kohane: What should we do first?
Emu: Oh, pick me! There's actually this place I want to check out♪
Emu: I went exploring when I had some free time and found a spot where there's a ton of shells and sparkly rocks! 
Honami: Sparkly rocks...?
Kohane: Oh, are you talking about sea glass?
Emu: Yeah, those!
Saki: Oh, sea glass...! I've been wanting to find some too!
Kohane: Then let's go see!
Emu: Yay! This way, everyone☆
(Black cut)
Emu: Here we are♪ Let's start looking!
Saki: Thanks, Emu! Alright, time to find some sea glass...!
Kohane: Oh, I found some! I see piles of small ones here and there too!
Saki: You're right! They're so colorful!
Kohane: Yeah, they are!
Kohane: (I wonder if we could make something since there's so much.)
Emu: Hmm...
Kohane: Emu, are you not taking any?
Emu: I will. Later. I'm looking for stars right now.
Kohane: Stars? Are you looking for a starfish?
Emu: No, they're really really small. A lot smaller than a starfish.
Emu: When I was little, my mom went to do volunteer work on this tropical island and brought back this little bottle full of tiny stars!
Honami: It came from a tropical island...? Was it a bottle of star sand?
Kohane: Yes, I think it was too.
Kohane: But I'm not really sure if you'll be able to find any here.
Honami: Yes, that may be quite challenging. The water here would need to be very clean and rife with live coral reefs like in the tropics...
Emu: I guess you're right. That's too bad...
Saki: Yeah, it sounds like there's only a few places in the world where you can find them.
Saki: But star-shaped sand does sound really cool. I don't think I've ever seen any before.
Emu: Yeah! I wonder how they became that way...
Saki: Hmm... Maybe they were like that to begin with? No, they'd become round like sea glass over time...
Emu: Oh, I know! What if they're rocks that become all pointy really easily?
Emu: As they're tossed and turned in the water, they'll bump into lots of things and eventually become stars!
Saki: Yeah, you might be right!
Kohane: I think I heard somewhere once that they're the remains of a certain type of microbe.
Honami: Yes, I believe you're right...
Honami: But I'd hate to ruin their fun since they seem to be enjoying themselves so much.
Kohane: Hehe. I feel the same way.
(Black cut)
Kohane: We found so much sea glass!
Saki: Yeah, we did! We might even be able to make something using them!
Kohane: Oh, I was wondering if we could do that too.
Kohane: Like decorating a photo frame with them or something...
Honami: A photo frame?
Kohane: Yeah! You could take an ordinary wooden or plastic photo frame from the store and paste sea glass on them.
Kohane: You could even make a sort of mosaic with them and give the photo frame more life.
Saki: Whoa! And we could frame pics from our Seaside School trip in them!
Emu: Yeah! That's a super wonderhoy idea!
Honami: I agree! I still wasn't sure what gifts to bring back for everyone, but this would be perfect.
Honami: Would you mind telling us how to make them, Kohane?
Saki: Oh, I wanna learn too!
Emu: Me too! Me too!
Kohane: Yes, of course. But we'll need to find some suitable photo frames for our sea glass first...
Saki: Oh, does that mean we're gonna go shopping sometime soon?!
Emu: Yay! That sounds like so much fun!
Honami: Hehe. Then why don't we pick a date that works for all of us while we head back to our room?
Kohane: Yeah, they are!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

Kohane: Hello.
An: Hey, Kohane! Welcome back from the Seaside School!
Kohane: Hehe. Thanks, An.
An: I'm gonna go ask my dad to see if I can take a break. Would you mind finding yourself an open seat in the meantime?
An: Now that you're back, I wanna hear all about your trip.
Kohane: Yeah, sure!
(Black cut)
An: Wait, you were in the same group as someone who does shows at Phoenix Wonderland?
Kohane: Yeah! The younger sister of the person, Tsukasa, whom Aoyagi looks up to so much was there too. Her name's Saki.
An: Really? I didn't know his sister went to Miya Girls!
Kohane: She does. It was just surprise after surprise with our group.
Kohane: Saki also knows the first friend I made in high school really well too, so we decided to have lunch together sometime soon.
Kohane: Saki's childhood friend was in our group too! They even said that they're in a band now!
Kohane: We even ended up talking a lot about singing and performing together at a show or an event in the future!
An: They're in a band? That's so cool!
An: And yeah, I bet it would be pretty fun to sing with them! I can't even begin to think how awesome it would be for us to all be on stage together!
Kohane: I know, right?! Oh, but Saki also said that they're still just starting out, so they haven't performed in any events or anything yet.
Kohane: They seem to really want to start playing for people and find ways to become as good as they can.
An: So they're pretty serious about this, huh? I'm looking forward to working with them even more now!
An: Anyway... Day one of the Seaside School involved swimming, right?
Kohane: Yeah. Saki and I aren't particularly good swimmers, but Honami, Saki's friend and our groupmate, helped teach us.
Kohane: We also smashed watermelons, practiced our song for the last day, and made curry together.
An: Wow, you guys packed a lot of stuff into one day!
An: And that curry you made looked so good too! I really loved how you cut carrots into little stars and hearts! They looked so cute!
Kohane: Yeah, we sort of decided to do that on the fly, but I'm glad we did.
Kohane: But Honami also looked really nervous the whole time since she knew Saki didn't have much cooking experience.
An: Hahaha! She taught you two how to swim and was worried sick about her friend? Are you sure she's not her mom or something?
Kohane: Hehe. That thought crossed my mind too.
An: Oh, about your curry! I showed Akito and Toya that picture you sent me!
An: I told them that you were enjoying yourself and Toya seemed genuinely glad that you were having fun.
An: But Akito just scoffed at your picture and was like all, Whatever...
An: I think he was turned off by all the decorative carrots you made for it.
Kohane: Hehe. He really doesn't like carrots, does he?
Kohane: By the way, did anything happen here while I was gone?
An: Not much on my end. I was busy the whole time helping out here.
An: But Akito and Toya ran into one of Akito's old friends and ended up doing a performance for the Summer Festival.
An: I think they were trying to mix in a dance routine for a change too.
Kohane: Really? I wish I was there to see it!
An: Oh, I'm sure you will soon! I heard that they practiced a ton with Len to get it down.
An: They said that they want to show us in SEKAI sometime.
Kohane: That's great! I can't wait!
An: Me neither! Not only that, we'll be able to get back to our usual routine!
An: I know it's only been a few days, but each day felt so long since we weren't really practicing like normal.
Kohane: Oh... I felt the same way...
Kohane: We practiced singing our song for the last day a lot and I even practiced some on my own, but all of it just made me want to return to being Vivid BAD SQUAD.
Kohane: It really made me realize how lucky I am to have teammates like you, Akito and Toya.
An: Right back at you, Kohane!
Kohane: Wah! A-An...!
Kohane: Oh, I almost forgot...! I got a little ahead of myself talking about what I did...
Kohane: These fish-shaped oshikura-manju are for you and your dad, An! And this is for you! 
An: Thanks! Hey, can I open it now?
Kohane: S-Sure...!
Kohane: (I hope she likes it...)
An: Oh, it's a photo frame...! Wait, are these pieces of sea glass? They're gorgeous...!
Kohane: My group managed to find some on the very last day of the Seaside School.
Kohane: We found enough to try and make a sort of mosaic of them for some photo frames.
An: Wait, hold on! You're saying that you made this yourself, Kohane?! I totally thought that this was store-bought!
An: I can really have this?!
Kohane: Yes! I hope you get a chance to use it!
An: Thanks, Kohane! I promise to cherish it and find a good picture to put in it!
An: But which one would be best...? Oh, that one with us in front of the cherry tree might work!
Kohane: (Thank goodness. I'm so glad that she likes it. It was worth the effort.)
Kohane: Hehe. I'll have to make sure to give Shinonome and Aoyagi their gifts too.
An: Did you make photo frames for them too?
Kohane: No, these seemed a little too girly for them, so I brought back some snacks for them instead.
Kohane: I'm giving them the same fish-shaped oshikura-manju that I gave you and your dad just now. Apparently, where we stayed is really famous for them.
An: Haha. I don't blame you.
An: But I'm sort of wondering how they'd react if you gave them the photo frame you gave me.
Kohane: Hehe.
Kohane: (I hope I see them soon. I'm really looking forward to giving them their gifts.)
(Black cut)
