292_Kohane Azusawa_R4 Emu Style? The Art Of Dancing! (event_36)

Gacha phrase: Waggle-waggle... Like this?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: Phew... Okay, that should be enough for today!
Akito: Yeah, good work.
An: You're gonna stick around, right? How about your usual?
Toya: Yes, please.
Kohane: Oh, An. Can I get extra whipped cream, caramel sauce and nuts with mine?
An: Extra whipped cream, caramel sauce and nuts! You got it!
Akito: Geez, again?
Kohane: Hehe.
Toya: By the way, how has practice been going for... The Fan Festival, was it...?
Kohane: Yeah, that's been going great too!
Kohane: Everyone from Wonderlands×Showtime gave me some really good dance tips.
Akito: Oh, right. Isn't one of Toya's classmates in that troupe?
Kohane: Yeah, her name's Nene Kusanagi.
Toya: Her included, it feels like we've been having so many strange encounters lately...
Toya: From my classmate to Tsukasa's younger sister's childhood friend to actual idols.
Kohane: Oh, funny you should mention that. Minori's the first friend I ever made in high school too.
An: Wait, really?!
An: And she ended up forming an idol group with my childhood friend?!
An: Anyway, here's your order. That should be everything, right?
Akito: Yeah, yeah. I mean, we all live in the same city, so it isn't that huge a coincidence.
An: Geez, way to take the fun out of it...
Kohane: By the way, An, have you had a chance to talk to Haruka recently?
An: Me? Hmm... We spoke once when she came here after she quit being an idol...
Kohane: She was here?!
An: Yeah, a few times.
Kohane: Wow...! A former A-list idol came here in private! This place is so amazing!
An: Haha! It's not like that. Haruka's just an old friend, you know?
Kohane: Are you sure? I discovered this place by complete happenstance and started meeting all these new people.
Kohane: Including you, An, and Shinonome and Aoyagi...
Kohane: Not only that, but after I started singing, I got to become friends with this girl in my class who plays the bass!
Kohane: Oh, she's one of Ichika and Saki's childhood friends too.
Toya: I see. Then, that means I must've met her during the Doll Festival...
Kohane: (I'd love to introduce everyone to Shiho and Honami someday.)
Kohane: Hehe. So much has really happened.
Kohane: Hearing you sing, An, discovering Weekend Garage, you asking me to be your partner...
Akito: You even gave yourself a complete makeover as proof of your resolve.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

An: Yeah, that really was a huge surprise.
Toya: I agree. Also, I never imagined the four of us joining together to form a team back then...
An: I know, right?! We have Miku and the others to thank for that!
Kohane: Right. They showed us that we were all striving towards the same goal.
Akito: But being sent over to SEKAI without really knowing what was going on was pretty startling too.
An: Yeah, that's right. You had a fight with your partner and were all alone...
Akito: Shut it.
Toya: And now, we're going over there on a regular basis.
Akito: More than that in your case. Haven't you been spending entire days off reading over there?
Toya: Yes, it's a very relaxing place.
Kohane: Hehe. Miku and the others are all so nice too.
Akito: Wait, are you including KAITO?
An: Haha... I'm sure he's a nice guy deep down, but yeah, he is a bit of a troublemaker...
Kohane: Hehe. Still, I genuinely believe that Weekend Garage is the reason behind me meeting all these wonderful people.
Akito: I dunno. We didn't exactly get off on the right foot...
An: Hey, Kohane's trying to show her appreciation, so ease off...
Toya: Yes, I agree.
Akito: You too...?
Kohane: Hehe.
Kohane: (Minori, Ichika, Kusanagi...)
Kohane: (We'll be performing at the Fan Festival together, so I'll do what I can to make the most of this opportunity.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Kohane: Hello!
MEIKO: Oh, welcome.
Miku (VBS): I'm guessing practice went well.
An: Yeah, it did! But...
Akito: It's pretty crowded today.
Toya: Did something happen?
MEIKO: Hehe. Not exactly.
Miku (VBS): None of us had anything else to do and we all just happened to gather here.
Len: Welcome, you guys!
Rin: Hey, Kohane, you're all done with the Fan Festival now, right?
Rin: How'd it go? I really wanna know!
Kohane: Oh, sure.
(Black cut)
Len: Whoa, that must've been pretty wild!
An: It totally was! Especially since Kohane was in the lineup!
Kohane: A-An...! You don't need to exaggerate...
Akito: Yeah, those two things don't have anything to do with each other.
An: Yes, they do! A ton of people seemed completely blown away by Kohane's singing!
An: You even had this dumb grin on your face probably out of wanting to gloat about her being your teammate.
Akito: Huh? What are you talking about?
Rin: I see. So, Toya, did Akito have a smug grin on his face then?
Akito: Toya...
Toya: Hehe... Yes, he did.
Akito: T-Toya...!
Rin: Haha. I knew it!
Len: There's nothing to be ashamed of. You're all on the same team.
KAITO: But it's hard not to feel a little embarrassed in front of your closest friends.
KAITO: I can sympathize.
Len: Huh? Really?
Rin: What are you talking about, KAITO? You're just you, no matter where you are.
KAITO: Aww, can't you say that a little nicer...?
MEIKO: Okay, you guys, that's enough teasing.
An: Haha!
Miku (VBS): Oh, also, you performed at the Fan Festival with some friends, right?
Miku (VBS): I take it that it ended up being a good experience for all of you?
Kohane: Yeah, it really was!
Kohane: We talked about what we work on during our own practices and even exchanged pieces of advice...
Kohane: We even talked a lot about what hobbies we like and stuff.
Kohane: Oh, but that always ended up becoming a discussion about songs and music.
MEIKO: Hehe. Sounds just like you guys.
An: They really love music too, huh? I guess it's only natural that your conversations gravitated towards that.
Kohane: Hehe. I feel like music's given me so much.
Kohane: Finding Weekend Garage turned into me meeting you, An, and picking up singing...
Kohane: Music's given me so many new friends too.
Kohane: But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: Me being here and meeting all these new friends is also because of you guys, Miku.
Miku (VBS): Huh?
Kohane: You pushed me towards wanting to sing, Miku, and you helped me become more outgoing than before.
Kohane: Without all of you, I wouldn't have discovered what my true feelings were, so thank you.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. We should be thanking you as well.
Miku (VBS): Your thoughts and feelings are what gave birth to this SEKAI...
MEIKO: You guys never cease to amaze us.
Miku (VBS): Right. Seeing all of you work so hard towards reaching the top is really encouraging and heartwarming.
Kohane: Miku, MEIKO...
Miku (VBS): Just don't give up on surpassing RAD WEEKEND.
MEIKO: It won't be easy, but I'm sure you'll be able to as long as you keep doing your best.
Kohane: Thank you!
An: Everyone here's on our side, so we've totally got this!
Kohane: Yeah, it really was!
(Black cut)
