319_Kohane Azusawa_R4 A Secret Between Us (event_41)

Gacha phrase: It'll be our little secret, An!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Kohane: Sorry about making you all take a detour before the night show.
Kohane: But I felt that I should say “hi” to Emu and the others since we're here.
Minori: Are you sure you don't want to see them, Haruka, An?
Haruka: I'd feel bad about taking up time before the start of their big show.
An: Yeah, I'm sure we'll get another chance to see them.
Minori: Okay... Then, Kohane and I are gonna go talk to them for a bit.
An: Alright, have fun.
(Black cut)
Minori: Hmm... Do you see any of them?
Kohane: No, I guess they really are busy. Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to do this just before their show's about to start...
Emu: Oh! Kohane! Minori! You came to see us?!
Minori: Hi, Emu! I'm so glad we found you!
Kohane: So, I wanted to thank you guys for helping us out when we were getting ready for the Fan Festival. Do you have some time to talk?
Emu: Of course!
Emu: Tsukasa! Nene! Rui! Kohane and Minori came to see us☆
Tsukasa: Ah, well met, you two!
Minori: Yes, it's been a while! Thank you so much for the way you helped me out during the Fan Festival!
Tsukasa: Oh, that? It was nothing!
Tsukasa: We're both in the business of spreading hope and making others smile. It's only natural for us to lend each other a hand since we work so hard every day!
Nene: Hehe. What a windbag.
Nene: Oh, anyway. Are you two staying for the night show?
Minori: Yeah! We heard that it uses all of PXL as a stage, so we're both really excited!
Emu: You are?! Hehe. That means we have to make it extra fun this time♪
Rui: Yes, we should... Why don't we send Tsukasa flying a little higher than usual as a special surprise?
Tsukasa: That won't be necessary. Also, there's no scene in this show involving that...
Nene: More importantly, don't forget to get a bracelet from one of the staff.
Minori: Oh, that's for the climax, right?!
Nene: Yeah. You get a signal during the show to raise it in the air.
Emu: Heh heh heh. We made things even more fun recently by adding in some lucky bracelets♪
Kohane: Lucky bracelets?
Minori: Oh, what do you think she means by “lucky”...?!
Emu: Hehe. You'll just have to wait and find out♪
Kohane: Hehe. Alright, we'll be looking forward to it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shao (Emu): “No...! Master...!”
Shao (Emu): “The lights went out... The horses and the flying rides... They've all just stopped...!”
Minori: *Sob* Shao...
An: Whoa... All the lights are going dim...
An: This is what PXL looks like when it's completely dark? It's like everything that was fun and happy here just vanished...
Haruka: Yeah. I'm getting goosebumps from how well it goes with Shao's story.
Haruka: This is unbelievable... It's literally using all of PXL as its stage...
Shao (Emu): “Wait, no... This is no time to be crying...”
Shao (Emu): “If what Master said is true, that means I can...! No, we can...!”
Shao (Emu): “Everyone...!! Can you hear me?!”
Minori: Yeah...! We can hear you, Shao!
Shao (Emu): “Everyone, please! Lend me your energy!”
Shao (Emu): “This was the last thing Master told me! Everybody here can use magic because you're all smiling, laughing and making this such a happy place...!!”
Shao (Emu): “I can't do this alone! I'm not as good at using magic like Master was, so please, lend me your energy...!!”
Shao (Emu): “Lend me your smiles, your joy, your magic...!!”
An: Oh, that's our signal!
Kohane: Yeah! Minori!
Minori: Alright! We're gonna give you everything we have, Shao!
Visitor A: Whoa, her bracelet's so pretty!
Visitor B: Oh wow! It's a rainbow!
Minori: Huh...? Wh-Wh-What's going on?!
Haruka: Wait, Minori... Isn't that one of the “lucky bracelets” Otori was talking about?
An: Yeah, it totally is! I mean, you're the only rainbow one around here!
Kohane: That's amazing, Minori! Oh, I should take a photo of it!
Shao (Emu): “Alright, let's use your magical smiles to bring light back to this place!”
Shao (Emu): “Wave!”
Kohane: Minori, try pointing your bracelet at some trees or buildings like Emu's doing!
Minori: O-Okay! I'll try...! Wave!
Visitor A: Whoa, the lights! They're gorgeous...
Visitor B: Hey, I think we can do it too...!
Minori: Wow! This is so much fun!
Kohane: Minori, turn this way! And strike a pose!
Minori: Yay!
Kohane: Hehe. That's a great expression! Alright, one more...
Girl: Wave! Huh...? Mommy, it's not working.
Mother: Oh, that's too bad... We must not have enough magic.
Minori: Oh...
Minori: Would you like to keep trying with me? Here, we can do it together!
Kohane: Oh, money shot...!
Minori & Girl: Wave!
Girl: Wow, we lit them all up! Thank you so much!
Minori: Hehe. You're very welcome.
Haruka: Hehe. Kohane's so enamored in taking pictures.
An: She and her dad like photography. Oh, that reminds me...
An: Kohane's dad apparently likes taking pictures of her more than anything else...
Haruka: I can see why. She's just like Minori in terms of being capable of so many facial expressions...
An: I know, right?! I totally get how her dad feels.
Haruka: Hehe. Why don't we take some as well?
An: Yeah, great idea!
Kohane: Huh...? A-An, Haruka?! Were you taking photos of me?!
An: Oh, busted! No, wait. This just means we should be taking more!
Kohane: No, An! This is so embarrassing!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Kohane's Room]

Kohane: Whoa, that's so cool...! You can make the fireworks in the background move!
Kohane: Thanks for teaching me this, Dad!
Kohane's Father: You're welcome. I take it your album's coming along well?
Kohane: It is! And I'd like to try doing the rest on my own from here!
Kohane: (Hehe. I really hope An likes it.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Weekend Garage]

Kohane: Thanks for agreeing to meet with me. I know you're busy helping out right now.
An: No, you're fine! Things are finally starting to calm down, so you don't have anything to worry about.
An: So what is it that you wanted to show me?
Kohane: Hehe. Remember how we all went to Phoenix Wonderland together the other day?
Kohane: I put together a digital album using all the photos I took.
An: A digital album?
Kohane: So you can see it on your phone. That way, we don't have to print out anything.
Kohane: And it's easy to share too. I'll send you it right now!
An: Yeah, got it! Okay... Download.
Kohane: It should start playing on its own, so if you don't mind just letting it go for a bit.
An: Sure! Oh, it's starting...!
An: Haha. This one! From when we were at the diner.
Kohane: Hehe. You were so surprised when your order came.
An: It was so much more than I expected. But it was good, so it ended up being worth it.
Kohane: There should be one of you eating it too. Oh, I think it's this.
An: Haha! I look way too happy eating this thing! It's pretty embarrassing now that there's evidence of me doing this too.
An: Oh, it moved to the next one! Huh? What's with all these stars and flowers...?
Kohane: Everything's digital so it's easy to add stickers and stamps like these.
Kohane: Some of them can sparkle and stuff too.
An: Yeah, that's really cute! You did an amazing job with these! Wait, this looks like it took a really long time...
Kohane: Not really. My dad showed me how, so it ended up being pretty easy.
Kohane: Hehe. I think it took me longer to choose which photos would go into this album...
Kohane: I mean, there were just so many good ones!
An: Hehe. That means these are the best of the best in your opinion, right?
An: Hey, the night show!
Kohane: Hehe...
An: Kohane...? Why are you grinning?
Kohane: Because the photos of the fireworks from the night show are about to appear. Look closely...
An: Hm? Okay...?
An: Oh, here we go... What the?! The fireworks in the back are moving! How?!
Kohane: My dad showed me how to do this too, and I spent some time getting it to do this.
Kohane: I didn't have time to get the sound to work, but I think I got them to fire off right.
An: Yeah, it's like a movie at this point! This is so cool!
An: But now I get why you were grinning the way you were. This was what you wanted to show me!
Kohane: That's right. It might even be the best part of this album.
Kohane: (Hehe. I'm glad she likes it so much. It was really worth the effort.)
(Black cut)
An: Wow, that was great...
An: You sent this to Haruka and Minori too, right? I'm sure they'll love it as much as I did.
Kohane: Um, well...
An: Hm? Is something wrong...?
Kohane: This is actually just for you and me...
An: Just us?
An: Come to think of it, this album was mostly just photos of us...
Kohane: Y-Yeah. I made a separate one like this for Minori and Haruka, and another one for all four of us...
An: Kohane!
Kohane: Wah! A-An?!
An: So it's really our special album?! Thank you so much!
An: But you made them for all of us? That had to take forever.
Kohane: No, it really didn't! I had a lot of fun putting them together, and I'm hoping that we all get to keep enjoying these memories.
An: Hehe. Gotcha!
An: But at the same time, you doing all the giving doesn't seem right.
An: Hey, Dad! Can I give Kohane some extra cream and caramel sauce on the house?
Kohane: What?! No, you don't have to...
An: Nonsense. I won't rest until you do, alright?
Kohane: O-Okay... In that case, I accept. Thanks...
(Black cut)
