345_Kohane Azusawa_R2 Warm Camping Style (event_44)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Aboard a train]

An: Man, camping was so much fun!
Kohane: It really was! We had an early start, so it'll be nice to head home for the day and rest.
Toya: Yes, I agree.
Akito: But we have another hour on this train. What do we do until we arrive?
An: That's true. On the way there, we could talk about what we'd be doing... What should we do for the way back?
Kohane: Oh, how about cards...?
Kohane: I brought some with me, but we didn't really have time yesterday. What if we played something now?
An: Yeah, let's do that! Nice one, Kohane!
Toya: Cards...? I remember Tsukasa teaching me the rules of some games.
Toya: If I recall correctly, I learned how to play Old Maid, President and Sevens...
Kohane: (Tsukasa? Not anyone from his family...? Does that mean he didn't really play many games at home growing up...?)
Akito: He taught you...? He didn't teach you anything weird, right?
Toya: No, nothing unorthodox as far as I could tell.
Toya: Although, he personally liked to strike a pose each time he made a pair. Luckily, he didn't make anyone else do that.
Akito: So he's always been like that...
An: Haha! Then, why don't we start with Old Maid? Mind handing me the cards, Kohane?
Kohane: Okay!
(Black cut)
An: Alright, every card's been dealt out! What order should we go in...?
Akito: Clockwise, I guess?
An: Okay! Let's start with you, Kohane! Draw something from my hand!
Kohane: Okay, let me see what's in my hand first...
Kohane: Oh no...
Kohane: (I... I have the joker...!)
Kohane: (What do I do...? I can't let the others find out...!)
Akito: Lemme guess, you got the joker...?
Kohane: *Gasp*...! N-No, what are you talking about...?!
An: (Aha...)
Toya: (She has it...)
(Black cut)
An: Anyway, let's get started. Take your pick, Kohane!
Kohane: Right. Um... This one!
Kohane: No, that didn't help... Even though I have so many cards.
Akito: Alright, I'm next.
Kohane: Oh no...
Kohane: (Wait, he'll know where the joker is if I keep staring at it. Just play it cool and look away...!)
Toya: (It's like she can't hide what she's thinking...)
Akito: This one.
Kohane: No...!
Akito: Hey, that makes a pair. I should be done in no time.
An: What?! No fair, Akito!
Toya: Akito's always had been pretty good at these games. It's as if he can find the exact cards that he needs.
Akito: Dude, there's no way I can do that.
Kohane: (N-No... I'm gonna lose if this keeps up...!)
(Black cut)
Akito: There, I win.
Kohane: What?! A-Already?!
An: That was way too fast! You know this is a game, right? You should be having more fun!
Akito: What choice did I have? All I did was avoid what I thought was the joker and voila.
Kohane: (N-No, I knew this would happen...)
Toya: So now, Shiraishi, you'll be taking from my hand, and Azusawa will be taking from yours.
An: Okay! Eeny, meeny, miny... Mo!
An: Drats, another dud... Oh well. Alright, Kohane, your turn.
Kohane: O-Okay. How about this one...?!
Kohane: Wait.. Yay! That's what I needed!
An: Hey, good for you! Hold on... You're down to one card!
Toya: That means...
Kohane: Oh, right... Once you take this from me, Aoyagi, I'm out, right...?
An: You've gotta be kidding me! I was so sure that Toya would never draw the joker...
Akito: Alright, Kohane gets second. You did pretty well for yourself.
Kohane: Th-Thanks. I was so worried about what would happen if the joker stayed in my hand, but I'm glad everything worked out...
Toya: Now it's just me and you, Shiraishi.
An: You're on! There's no way I'm losing this one!
Kohane: (Hehe... I didn't expect to finish so quickly...)
Kohane: (Oh, I should take a photo on my phone while I still have a chance.)
Kohane: (I'll just move away a bit to get them all in the frame and... Huh?)
An: Wait, why's that one sticking out like that...?
Toya: Tsukasa taught me that it's more of a mental game in these situations.
Akito: What, like psychological warfare...?
Akito: (Geez, it's the joker too... Talk about an old-school tactic.)
An: (Hmm... This has to be the joker...)
An: (But Toya's really smart... It could be something completely different. What if he just wants me to think it's the joker...?)
An: (But what if that's his actual strategy? What if he's doing this to make me think that...?)
An: (Arrgh... My head's starting to hurt!)
Kohane: (I can't see Aoyagi's hand from here, but I have to think that's the joker...)
Kohane: (Even if it is, he has four other cards. Just in terms of probability, it really just seems better to pick a card other than the one that's sticking out...)
Kohane: (What's An gonna do...?)
An: Forget it! Thinking won't help me at this point!
An: I'm going with you, middle card!!
Kohane & Akito: That's...!
An: Huh? Did I do something wrong...?
An: Noooo! I-It's the joker!
Toya: Hehe. Looks like this battle is mine, Shiraishi...
An: Y-You monster...!!
(Black cut)
Toya: And a pair of twos to finish things off...
An: No, I lost...
Kohane: That became such a heated battle in the end...!
Akito: Yeah, but Toya's poker face gave him the upper hand.
An: No, I got unlucky! That's all! We're playing again! Right now!
Toya: As you wish, Shiraishi. I'll be sure to pass the joker to you again.
An: Grr...! I'm not losing this time!
Kohane: Hehe. Alright, round two it is!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[A week after the camping trip.]

[Weekend Garage]

Akito: Alright, we can head over to practice once we're done drinking these.
Kohane: Oh, can I have a minute before we do...?
Toya: Yes, Azusawa?
Kohane: I finished putting together the digital album for our camping trip.
Kohane: Would you like to take a look before we start practice?
An: A digital album? Like the one you made for Haruka, Minori and me after we went to PXL?
Kohane: Yeah. I had my dad help me with that one, but I made it all on my own this time!
Toya: Ah, now I see why you wanted us to send you any photos we took during our trip.
Kohane: Yeah, especially since our trip was all about us envisioning the same thing as we sing a song.
Kohane: So I thought it'd be nice to have something that can remind us of what we saw and experienced together.
Akito: Whoa... The ones you took in continuous mode look pretty much like a video.
An: Yeah, this is awesome! This makes it so easy to remember what we thought or felt at any particular point!
Toya: And just the sheer number of photos... You took so many different kinds too, Azusawa...
An: I know, right?! Everything from landscapes to these little birdies... She captured us really well too. Oh, here's one of me cooking. I look like I mean business♪
Kohane: I thought about using just the ones where we're smiling at first, but I feel like this gives us a much better picture of what happened during our trip.
Akito: Oh, here's one of An looking really depressed after not being able to figure out how to pitch that tent.
An: Hey, I figured out that you had to follow a certain order to stick the poles in, didn't I?!
Akito: But you didn't remember the actual order, so that doesn't really count.
Kohane: Hehe. I'm really glad you suggested that we divide up roles, Shinonome. That really helped us out a lot in the end.
An: Yeah, and sounding like you knew what you were doing helped too...
Toya: When's this one from...? Akito seems very worried...
Kohane: Oh, that happened while you were chopping vegetables.
Kohane: I was hoping to get a picture of each of us prepping for dinner, but I couldn't resist taking this one... The expression on Shinonome's face was so priceless.
An: Hehe. Yeah, you're right. His brow's almost as furled as Toya's!
An: Oh, Akito, you worrywart!
Akito: Quiet, you. Wouldn't you also be worried if someone was holding a knife for the first time?
Toya: I apologize for making you feel that way. I promise to be more careful so that you can be at ease next time.
Akito: Thanks, but it's not like we're gonna be using knives all that much.
Toya: And this one has Azusawa in it... And Shiraishi in front of her, I think...? You look mad for some reason, Azusawa...
An: Ah, that...
Akito: Oh, I took that one.
Akito: An was sneaking in a few bites but got caught by Kohane and then she got mad at her. It was too funny to not take a picture.
An: It wasn't funny and you didn't have to do that!
Kohane: Hehe... Oh, look. It's us picking those wild plants.
(Black cut)
An: That was a really long album! But really good too!
An: Thanks for making that for us, Kohane!
Kohane: Thank you for going through it with me! I'm really glad I made it now.
Toya: It certainly helped us remember everything that happened and all that we gained during our trip.
Akito: Alright, why don't we start practice while that's still fresh in our minds?
An: Yeah!
Kohane: (I'm glad they like it so much...)
Kohane: (I hope we get more chances to take trips like that in the future, together.)
(Black cut)
