352_Kohane Azusawa_R4 With The First Sunrise At My Back (event_45)

Gacha phrase: We all wished for the same thing!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shrine Hall]

An: Alright, we made our wishes and got a nice start to the new year! Not bad at all!
Toya: I feel the same. I'm also happy that we were able to make this visit together.
Akito: Yeah, you never know when an experience like this will come in handy.
An: It even comes with a “great blessing” as the cherry on top! That means Vivid BAD SQUAD's really gonna rock the city this year!
Akito: Says the only person who actually drew a “great blessing”...
Kohane: Hehe. Oh, that reminds me...
Kohane: I don't think I read the part about education in my fortune yet.
An: Education?
Kohane: Yeah... Oh, thank goodness! “Your efforts will be rewarded”...!
An: Oh? I wonder what mine says...
An: Let's see... “Fortune favors the studious”...! Awesome! That means I won't fail anything, right?!
Toya: I'm not so sure about that.
An: Huh?
Toya: It all depends on how you interpret that phrase, no? You could very well run into some trouble if you don't study enough.
An: *Gasp*...!
Kohane: I agree. I have a hard time reading this as not having to study at all.
Akito: Well, duh. There's no way you'll get good grades if you don't actually work for it.
An: Grr...! Fine, Mr. Smartypants, what did yours say?!
Akito: I don't remember... Honestly, who actually takes this stuff seriously?
Toya: Incidentally, I got the same thing as Azusawa. What does yours say, Akito?
Akito: Uh oh...
An: Oh? What's it say? Tell us!
Toya: “Do not cut corners”... It may be wise to not cram or only study the bare minimum this year for tests and quizzes.
Akito: Alright, I get it. Sheesh. I promise not to cut any corners, so quit giving me that look.
An: Hehe. It's so interesting how these fortunes go right along with someone's personality!
An: I really liked yours, Kohane. “Follow your heart.” It's so you!
Kohane: Hehe. You think so?
Kohane: Oh, what did your guys' part about “Ambitions” say?
Akito: Mine says, “Slow and steady wins the race.” Not really what I wanted to hear, but I guess I don't really have a choice.
Toya: I got, “Your patience will be rewarded.” I suppose that means I have something to look forward to now.
An: Mine's... “Keep moving forward even when you feel lost.”
An: I actually really like that! It's like I'm being told to not give up even when things don't look so great.
Toya: Yes, I agree.
Kohane: Yeah, it's never easy to just go your own way just based on my own experiences...
Kohane: But it's so nice that we're getting such words of encouragement from these!
An: Yeah! Let's keep doing our best, Kohane!
Kohane: Oh, I think that's one of the trees where we can tie these up. Why don't we go do that?
Toya: Yes, let's.
(Black cut)
Kohane: Okay... That should be tight enough.
An: Oh, Kohane, I'm gonna tie mine next to yours! There! Nice and tight!
Toya: Alright, I think it's about time we headed back to practice... Hm? There's something written on all these wooden plaques... Oh, are these everybody's wishes?
Akito: Yeah, looks like it. A whole lot of them too.
An: These are always so fun to look at because of all the different things people are wishing for!
Kohane: Yeah, I agree. It's almost like every sort of wish you can think of too.
Kohane: Hey... Why don't we hang some up?
Toya: Our own wish plaques?
Kohane: Yeah. We all have the same wish, so I was thinking that we could hang one up for all of us.
An: That's an awesome idea! I'll go get one right now!
Kohane: A-An, wait...!
Akito: One plaque for four people? Is that allowed...?
Toya: I've never heard of any rules saying that each person has to have their own plaque so...
(Black cut)
An: I'm back! We can each have our own quarter.
Akito: Wait, that sounds more like a thank you card...
An: Details! Details! Anyway, Kohane, start us off!
Kohane: What? Me?
Toya: Yes, it was your idea, so I believe you should go first as well.
Kohane: O-Okay...
Kohane: (I want to put on an event that surpasses RAD WEEKEND...!)
Kohane: Okay, done...!
Akito: That's tiny. I can barely read that...
Kohane: What?!
An: What are you talking about? Can't you see how adorable that is? Anyway, me next!
Akito: And you're taking up way too much space...
An: It's easy to read, right? Also, if you're gonna complain so much, why don't you show us how it's done?
Toya: Hehe. You'll be able to tell that it's our wish plaque from a mile away.
Kohane: Hehe. Definitely!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: I'm home! And we're all done with our first practice for the year!
Kohane: It was nice to sing as much as we did too!
Toya: Yes, it even ended up becoming a good workout.
Akito: Anyway, let's just use this afternoon to relax... Hm?
An's Father: Hey, sounds like you guys are right back to it on New Year's Day.
An's Father: Oh, before I go any further... Happy New Year.
Kohane: Thank you! A Happy New Year to you too!
Akito: Happy New Year, Ken. Let's make the most of this year.
An: Hey, Dad, got anything for us to drink?
An's Father: Sure, one second.
An: Thanks! Alright, let's just chill here in the meantime.
Toya: Come to think of it, there's no one else here... Are you closed today?
An: Yeah, why?
Akito: Is it okay for us to be here then?
An: Of course! You guys are here as my friends today, not customers!
An: More importantly... Aren't you all excited? It's the start of a brand-new year!
Kohane: Yeah. I wonder what this year has in store for us...
Akito: We can't wait for anything to roll into our lap. We gotta make things happen for us.
Akito: If we don't keep doing everything we possibly can, we won't ever be able to surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Kohane: Yeah, you're absolutely right...! We need to keep finding ways to move forward by being proactive...!
An: Hehe. Look at you, Kohane! That means I'm gonna have to keep doing my best too!
Toya: Yes, I see. We can push each other to a higher level.
Toya: I'm thankful that we were able to become a team of four. It's allowed us to come a very long way in a short amount of time...
Toya: You even helped me escape my cage of classical music. I couldn't be more grateful for that...
Toya: That was definitely when I knew I'd made the right decision, so again, thank you all very much.
An: Haha. You don't need to thank us!
Kohane: Yeah, all we really did was have a little chat.
Toya: That's not true. You were all there for me that time.
Akito: Speaking of which... What about that other time?
Akito: Remember when I lost after trying to battle Tono alone...? You guys were there to get me back on my feet.
Akito: I mean, I got clobbered. Without you guys, I probably would've kept dwelling on that and convinced myself that beating him was the only way forward.
Toya: We've all been able to take big steps because we always had each other.
Kohane: Yeah. Even me...
Kohane: I found the courage to believe in my singing because you were there to cheer me up when I really needed it, An. I'm really grateful for that.
An: Hehe. You're welcome...
An: You may not realize this, Kohane, but you also helped me find ways to grow. Ever think about that?
Kohane: Huh? Really?
An: Yes, really. The way you can make everyone's heart race just with your singing has been huge for me.
An: But I'm not about to let you leave me behind, alright, partner?
Kohane: Of course!
Toya: I also hope we get more chances to bond as a team. Like during our camping trip...
An: Yeah, that'd be great! That trip really taught us a lot too!
An: Oh, I know! What if we went paragliding in Hawaii or something next time...?!
Akito: You're just saying that because you want to do that, right?
Toya: Flying also seems like a bit much...
Kohane: But I see your guys' point. I'd love to experience more new things together if possible.
Kohane: By doing so, I have a feeling that we'll find ways to sing even better!
An's Father: Alright, order up. Here are your drinks and a light lunch to go with it.
Kohane: Wait, is this a traditional brunch...?
An: Cool! It's Dad's New Year's brunch platter! You've gotta try this, you guys!
Akito: Ken, you can make traditional Japanese food...?
Toya: The black soybeans look very appetizing...
An: I know, right? The fish omelets he makes are really amazing too♪
An's Father: Isn't this only natural since it's New Year's Day? Also, I'm sure you're all starving.
Kohane: Thank you very much! Let's dig in!
An: Mmm! This shrimp's pure yum!
Akito: These braised vegetables are good too... I had no idea you could make anything like this, Ken.
Toya: Chef Ken may be more appropriate.
Kohane: Hehe...
Kohane: Let's eat as much as we can so that we grow big and strong!
An: Isn't that what parents tell their kids when they're little...? But I get your point. Let's make some huge strides this year!
Kohane: Yeah!
(Black cut)
