390_Kohane Azusawa_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Having this many friends now must mean...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Emu Otori, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[One week until Kohane's birthday]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Kohane: Good morning.
Kohane: Huh? There's something on my desk... What is this? An invitation...?
Kohane: (Wow, it's covered in Phenny stickers! But wait... It doesn't say who it's from...)
Minori: Morning, Kohane!
Kohane: Oh, Minori, good morning!
Kohane: I found this invitation on my desk when I got here. Do you know who it could be from, Minori?
Minori: Yeah! You know who they are, Kohane. I'm sure you'll figure it out once you open it.
Kohane: Really? Okay, I'll take a look.
Kohane: Let's see... “You are cordially invited to see a special show we will be putting on to celebrate your birthday.”
Kohane: “You will be able to bring along up to ten of your friends and family besides yourself free of charge. We will be awaiting your arrival.”
Kohane: “As our gift to you, we at Wonderlands×Showtime wish to give you, our 'Number One Fan,' an amazingly wonderhoy birthday celebration!”
Kohane: A special show?! By Wonderlands×Showtime?!
Emu: That's right!
Kohane: Eep! E-Emu?!
Emu: Hehe. Operation Surprise Invite went off like a charm♪
Minori: Yay!
Kohane: Operation Surprise Invite? Does that mean you made this, Emu...?
Emu: Yup! Allow me to explain further☆
Emu: You already know about how there's a special plan that lets visitors celebrate their special day at Phoenix Wonderland, right, Kohane?
Kohane: Yeah. My family and I have been making use of that every year for birthdays.
Minori: Whoa! The true PXL Master!
Kohane: Hehe. But hold on... That plan just includes a meal in the special Phenny Room where Phenny and his friends stop by for a visit.
Kohane: I don't remember anything about a special show...
Emu: Heh heh heh. There's a chance of it becoming a part of that package now♪
Kohane: What?! R-Really?!
Emu: Yup! We want everyone who chooses to celebrate their special day at Phoenix Wonderland to have more fun than ever before!
Emu: That's why we asked if the other cast members could help us specially put on an original show as part of that celebration☆
Kohane: An original show?!
Kohane: That sounds amazing! I'm sure everyone who loves PXL also loves the show stage, so they'll probably really enjoy that!
Emu: Right? I asked my brothers and they said we can give it a try♪
Minori: Oh, right! Your brothers are the ones who run the park.
Emu: Yup! They love Phoenix Wonderland just as much and even put together a list of visitors who've already experienced all these plans.
Emu: Which included your name, Kohane!
Emu: That's when they asked me to hear what you think since you're my friend and should give me an honest opinion.
Emu: So, Kohane... If it's alright with you, we'd like to try putting on a show for you to celebrate your birthday!
Kohane: Emu...!
Kohane: Of course! I can't believe this is really happening! Not only that, I get to actually help PXL grow as a park!
Emu: Thanks...! We promise to give you a really, really fun show!
Minori: Congratulations to you both, Emu, Kohane!
Kohane: Thanks! I must be dreaming! Wonderlands×Showtime is gonna celebrate my birthday! I can't wait!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

An: Cool. And they invited you to this special show?
Len: That sounds like so much fun! Do you think we can get a peek in too?
Kohane: Yeah, I'm sure you'll get that chance.
KAITO: I'm interested in seeing it as well.
MEIKO: Alright, just be sure to keep an eye on Rin and Len for me.
Miku (VBS): What happens if KAITO's the one who gets excited for his own good?
KAITO: Hmm... I can't deny that as a possibility.
MEIKO: That's when you're supposed to promise it won't happen...
Luka: Haha! I still can't believe they're giving ten of your friends and family free one-day passes.
Kohane: Just for that day. Based on what I was told, they want as many people as possible to see this test show.
An: Which is why you're inviting, Haruka, me and everyone else to come along. Are you gonna have enough left for your mom and dad?
Kohane: Oh, my dad already has an annual pass, so he's all set. He even said that I should invite as many of my friends as I can.
Toya: Okay. In that case, let's all go together.
Akito: Yeah, it's not like we have anything else to do since we decided to take a break on her birthday.
An: Alright, that settles that! We're gonna do everything we can to give you as big a celebration as Tsukasa and his troupe!
Kohane: Hehe. Thanks!
Kohane: Oh, there's actually someone else I've been meaning to ask!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kohane's birthday]

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Mizuki: Kohane! Thank you so much for inviting me!!
Kohane: Hi, Akiyama! You made it!
Mizuki: Of course! On top of it being your birthday, Kohane, I wasn't about to pass up a chance to participate in something like this♪
An: Yeah, you gotta hear this. Mizuki was supposed to have supplementary classes to take some tests and quizzes today, but managed to get them out of the way early.
Kohane: Wait, really?! I'm sorry. I had no idea...
Mizuki: Don't worry about it! Just my way of shaking some of the rust off.
Akito: Honestly, sometimes I have no idea how you pull off these things.
Mizuki: Hehe. That's it. Shower me with praise.
Akito: Not happening.
An: Anyway, can you remind me when Minori and her group are gonna meet up with us?
Kohane: Oh, she said they'll meet us at the Wonder Stage because some of them have morning practice.
Mizuki: That means we can do whatever we want until then!
Mizuki: Where do you wanna start? How about the haunted house over there?
An: W-Wait! It's Kohane's birthday! Should we go where she wants to go?
Kohane: Oh, that reminds me. When should we let Miku and the others know when to join us?
Toya: Well... There's still a chance they'll be seen right now, so probably not until just before the show starts.
Akito: Yeah... Also, it's your birthday. You should be having fun instead of handling logistics. Look, you're keeping An and Akiyama waiting.
An: Kohane! Let's go!
Kohane: Okay! Let's all have as much fun as we can today.
Akito & Toya: Alright. Yes, let's.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Minori: Kohaneee!
Kohane: Hi, everyone! Thanks for coming!
An: Kohane, wait! Sorry, be right back!
Akito: This might be a good chance for us to let Len and the others know what's up.
Toya: Okay, I'll leave you to that. We've probably kept them waiting long enough.
(Black cut)
Minori: Thanks for inviting us today, Kohane! Also, happy birthday!
Haruka: Congratulations, Kohane. Here's something from us.
Kohane: Wow! Thank you so much!
An: Whoa, this box is so cute!
An: What's inside, Haruka? I promise not to tell Kohane.
Haruka: Still a secret. You'll just have to wait until she opens it.
An: Grr...
(Black cut)
Mizuki: (I knew that Minori and Haruka went to the same school, but I didn't realize they knew Kohane too.)
Mizuki: (I should say hi to them♪)
(Black cut)
Ichika: Thank you for inviting us as well, Kohane.
Kohane: No, I should be thanking you. I know you're busy with band practice and everything.
Saki: Oh, have you already talked to Tsukasa? He said he wanted to thank you for agreeing to participate in this test show.
Kohane: Really? I mean, I feel honored enough to get to see a special show like this on top of helping the park I love so much.
Shiho: You really do genuinely love this place, huh?
Honami: Hehe. Oh, Kohane, are your mom and dad here yet?
Kohane: They'll be meeting us here. I just got word that they're almost here a second ago...
Emu's Voice (Emu): “Attention please♪ The show is about to start☆ Everyone, please sit wherever you like!”
Emu's Voice (Emu): “Also, we ask that Kohane come to the Wonder Stage and meet us backstage♪”
Kohane: Huh? Me?
(Black cut)

[Backstage]

Kohane: What?! I'm gonna be in the show?!
Tsukasa: Yes, that's right! You and Emu will be our brave protagonists!
Kohane: Can I really do this...?
Nene: You won't have that many lines, and we'll do everything we can to make sure you, the protagonist, gets to have fun.
Kohane: O-Okay. I'll do my best!
Rui: Alright, let me give you a brief rundown.
Rui: The story itself is very simple. Nene and I were originally in your party but turned evil by dark magic. You'll also need to awaken Robo-Nene.
Rui: Once your party is whole again, you'll battle against the evil Demon Lord Tsukasa.
Nene: But don't worry, it's a quiz battle instead of an actual fight.
Tsukasa: Indeed! You'll look for a member of the audience who you believe will answer my questions in the same way as you, asked them to join you and answer together.
Tsukasa: When your answers match, your power of friendship will cause this legendary sword to awaken. 
Kohane: Oh wow...! That sounds like so much fun!
Emu: I know, right?! So let's both do our best!
(Black cut)
Emu the Brave (Emu): “Now, your majesty! I, Emu the Brave, and Kohane the Brave shall venture forth to rescue our friends!”
Kohane the Brave (Kohane): “A-And! We vow to defeat the evil Demon Lord Tsukasa using this legendary sword!”
Kohane's Father: Go get 'em, Kohane!
Kohane: Huh?! D-Dad...
(Black cut)
Demon Lord Tsukasa (Tsukasa): “Hah hah hah hah! You have done well to come this far, brave warriors!”
Nene the Fairy (Nene): “But your power of friendship will need to be much stronger than that to awake this legendary sword of yours!”
Demon Lord Tsukasa (Tsukasa): “Hahaha. Let us see if you have what it takes to defeat me.”
Kohane: (Now I need to look for someone who I think will answer his questions the same way!)
Demon Lord Tsukasa (Tsukasa): “Question #1! Which would you rather have for lunch? A croquette sandwich or yakisoba bun?”
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: <What does that have to do with being a warrior?!>
Rin: <L-Len! Not so loud!>
KAITO: <Haha. We should be fine for now. It looks like no one else can see us from here.>
KAITO: <Also, this is great! We'll have to tell MEIKO and the others all about this when we get back.>
Miku (VBS): <I'm glad we came. Kohane really seems to be enjoying herself.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui the Wise (Rui): “What say you, Kohane the Brave?! Who are you going to choose to help you?”
Kohane the Brave (Kohane): “U-Uhh... Ichika, please help me!”
Ichika: What?! M-Me?!
Saki: Nice choice, Kohane!
Shiho: Ichika's perfect for this one.
Honami: You should be fine as long as you go with your instinct.
Kohane the Brave (Kohane): “Okay, Ichika! Ready?!”
Kohane the Brave & Ichika: “Yakisoba bun!!”
Demon Lord Tsukasa (Tsukasa): “What?! How did you answer my first question so easily?!”
Rui the Wise (Rui): “Excellent! Our brave warriors' power of friendship is starting to wake the legendary sword from its slumber!”
Emu the Brave (Emu): “Keep it up and it'll be awake in no time!”
Kohane the Brave (Kohane): “Right!”
(Black cut)
Demon Lord Tsukasa (Tsukasa): “H-How can this be?! You correctly answered all of my questions?!”
Kohane the Brave (Kohane): “It's over, Demon Lord Tsukasa...!”
Demon Lord Tsukasa (Tsukasa): “Noooo! Your power of friendship... It's too strong... Guh...”
Kohane the Brave (Kohane): “W-We did it...! We defeated the evil Demon Lord Tsukasa!”
Emu the Brave (Emu): “Nice job! It's all thanks to you and your friends having such powerful bonds, Kohane!”
Rui the Wise (Rui): “And with the evil Demon Lord defeated, the world was able to usher in an era of peace...”
(Black cut)
Kohane: (Thank goodness there weren't any problems! I really need to thank everyone for...)
Rui the Wise (Rui): “But we aren't finished just yet!”
Kohane: What?!
Rui the Wise (Rui): “Our brave warriors returned home to find that their friends and acquaintances had prepared some special messages to celebrate Kohane's birthday.”
Emu: So, it's surprise message time! Starting with us!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000055/bg_s000055.webp)
Nene: Happy birthday, Azusawa. I'm glad you had fun as our brave protagonist today. I hope we get to hang out like this more in the future...
Tsukasa: Between Miya Girls and Kamiyama High, you've assembled quite the party for us today! Be sure to cherish your friends, and from all of us to you, we hope to see you again!
Rui: Good friends aren't easy to come by, so I hope you and your friends were able to have a fun and memorable time during our show today.
Emu: I know I did! It was super duper extra amazingly fun doing this show with you, Kohane! I hope we get to do this again sometime! Happy birthday♪
Ichika, Saki, Honami & Shiho: “Happy birthday, Kohane!” “Kohane, happy birthday!”
Ichika: You were so cool on stage, Kohane. Not only are you already a great singer, but you can also act. I was so impressed by how poised you were.
Saki: Me too! Seeing you go from being adorably cute to kicking butt was so cool!
Honami: Hehe. I agree. At the same time, seeing you surprised at the end there was just as adorable.
Shiho: It was clear that you really put your best foot forward. Great show today, and... I hope we get to hang out more.
Minori: Happy birthday, Kohane! Hehe. Thank you so much for choosing me for the second question! The one about rice ball ingredients!
Haruka: Hehe. It was wonderful how these questions show how much you have in common with your friends in terms of hobbies, what foods you like and such.
Haruka: I'd like it if we could get to know each other better so that you can choose me with confidence next time.
Mizuki: That's coming from THE Haruka Kiritani! I'm so jealous! But more importantly...!
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Kohane! Thanks again for inviting me here today. Between the park and your show, I had a ton of fun today♪
Toya: Me too. We even got to go on some of the rides we missed last time. However, I feel a bit guilty about having the star of today's show act as our guide...
Akito: Nah, as far as I could see, she wanted to show us around. Isn't it fair to say that it was one of her birthday wishes?
An: Yeah! I'm glad we got to visit PXL again! It's always way too much fun!
An: And again, Kohane, happy birthday! Let's keep doing everything we can to put on an event that surpasses RAD WEEKEND!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kohane's Father: *Sob* Kohane... You've made such wonderful friends...!
Kohane: D-Dad, stop...! Mom, don't just laugh! Do something...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kohane: Hehe. So many people came to celebrate my birthday today.
Kohane: I think I have street music to thank for that. I used to be so shy and introverted, but it helped me break free from that little by little...
Kohane: I promise to do everything I can to keep growing as both An's partner and a member of Vivid BAD SQUAD.
Kohane: So I'll be counting on your support!
(White cut)
