435_Kohane Azusawa_R4 I Got Praised♪ (event_59)

Gacha phrase: Hehe. I'm glad I tried so hard to take this.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shibuya Park]

Kohane: Sorry about doing this during practice, everyone, but I took some photos for our flyer and really wanted you to take a look at them.
Akito: That's all good. It shouldn't take up much time.
An: Yeah! I've been looking forward to seeing what kinds of pics you took for us!
Kohane: Thanks! So... Here they are in digital form.
Akito: Hmm...
Akito: Hey, this one with the live house's sign in it looks cool. I like the composition you chose for it too.
Toya: Yes, her broad use of negative space adds a nice dimension to this photo.
Kohane: Hehe. I really tried with that one.
An: Hehe. See? Isn't Kohane amazing?
Akito: Why are you the one bragging? Also, quit yammering and start looking through these.
(Black cut)
Kohane: What do you guys think? Would any of these work as a flyer?
An: I like the one that was taken in front of the live house or the one with the back alley in it.
An: Oh, the one of Vivid Street's really good too, but so is the one with my place peeking it's head out.
An: Everything you took looks way too good, Kohane! I can't decide at all!
Toya: I understand how you feel, Shiraishi. Each one has a very nice feel to it.
Akito: Saying, “They're all good,” isn't exactly helpful. It's not gonna help us put any flyers together. 
An: Yeah, I know...
Toya: Azusawa, there's something I'd like to ask you. Would you mind?
Kohane: No, what would you like to ask?
Toya: Each of your photos feature a building as their subject, but they all seem to be taken from a distance. Is there a reason behind that?
Kohane: Oh, um... This event's supposed to be about everyone who performs on Vivid Street, right?
Kohane: That's why I want our flyer to capture that.
Toya: I see...
Kohane: Also, I'm worried that these subjects won't tell the whole or real story... Like I won't be able to capture what's really going on, you know?
An: The real story...?
Kohane: Uhh... If someone saw a photo of me with no background in it, they probably wouldn't get a good idea of who I really am...
Kohane: But if I were to take it in my room, they'd have a better idea since they'll see all the PXL merch and photos I took decorating it.
Toya: That makes sense. It brings a person's individuality and other traits to the surface.
An: That's so cool, Kohane! I didn't realize you put so much thought into these!
Kohane: No, it's just... My dad always tells me to figure out what I really want to take since where a photo's taken and in what situation are so important.
Kohane: Vivid Street in particular has an incredibly unique feel to it, so I want to make it so people see that.
An: Yeah, this place has a certain warmth or smell to it that you can't find anywhere else!
Akito: Yeah, I get what you're trying to say. Singing somewhere else just isn't the same as singing here.
Akito: What do you call it...? The air...? The atmosphere...? No, that isn't any different from the feel of this place...
Toya: Yes... I'm having trouble coming up with the right word as well...
Toya: But I believe that your photos capture the very essence of what we're struggling to describe, Azusawa.
An: Yeah, Kohane, you really are the best! What if you end up becoming a professional photographer?!
Kohane: What?! Th-There's no way I could become a pro. My dad's the one who taught me all this and he just does it for fun.
Kohane: Moreover, I think I'm able to take photos like this now because of my practices with Taiga.
An: Huh? Uncle Taiga?
Kohane: Yeah. For instance, Taiga showed me how there's only one way from Vivid Street into the back alley in this photo.
An: Wait, this alley! It's the shortcut we always take to go to Weekend Garage from the live house on the street that's one block down.
Akito: Yeah, we've been using it a lot too.
Toya: Yes, we have. It's narrow and a bit difficult to navigate, but it's always fun to see all the graffiti that people have drawn on the walls.
Kohane: Exactly! Taiga showed me all these spots that give off that unique Vivid Street vibe.
An: Now I get it!
An: If you put this much thought into these pics, I kinda think we should have a bit more of a serious discussion as to which to choose.
Kohane: I'm glad you feel that way, but we still need time to practice...
Toya: That's okay. I'm sure we'll still have plenty of time for that.
Akito: Yeah. Also, our flyer's gonna play a big role in how we get the word out about our event.
An: Definitely. We're going through all this trouble, so we should try to make a flyer that also tries to surpass RAD WEEKEND!
Akito: You're raising the bar way too high.
An: No, I'm not! Kohane can do it.
Toya: Yes, I agree.
Kohane: You guys...
Kohane: Thanks! I'll do my best to put a good flyer together!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: *Sigh* I'm never gonna get tired of looking at this. You made such a good flyer, Kohane!
Kohane: Hehe. That's all you've been saying for a while now, An.
An: Because it really is an amazing flyer.
An: At first glance, it looks pretty simple, but the picture, the lettering and the colors all have this way of drawing your eye.
An: I'm sure some people are gonna want to come see our event because of this.
Kohane: Hehe. I sure hope so.
An's Father: Thanks for waiting. A cafe mocha topped with plenty of whipped cream and honey.
Kohane: Wow! This looks so yummy! Thank you very much!
An: Dad, check this out! Here, this is the flyer for that event we're gonna do!
An's Father: Oh, it's done? Let's have a look.
An: What do you think...? This design's so good that it might actually hold up a candle to RAD WEEKEND, right?!
Kohane: A-An...!
An's Father: I see. A simple but tasteful design.
An's Father: Most of the flyers people ask me to put up usually have flashier or more colorful designs.
An: I was a little concerned about that at first too, but Akito was really against making it too in your face.
An: Oh, Kohane, you mentioned that you wanted to try using as few colors as possible too, right?
Kohane: Yeah. My goal was to use only some accent colors since I chose a black-and-white photo for the background.
An's Father: I see. By giving it a more subdued design, it ends up standing out from its flashier counterparts.
An: Oh, we also talked about using the flyer for RAD WEEKEND as a reference, but we didn't end up actually coming to look at it.
Kohane: Yeah. As cool as that flyer looks, I sort of didn't want to copy it too much.
An's Father: The flyer for RAD WEEKEND...?
An's Father: There shouldn't be any left... Where did you find that?
Kohane: Oh...
Kohane: (Wh-What do we do?! We can't tell him that we saw it in SEKAI...!)
An: Oh, uhh... That came out all wrong! I meant to say that I drew it to show them what it more or less looked like!
An: Right, Kohane?!
Kohane: Y-Yeah!
An's Father: Okay...?
An: Anyway! We can put up our flyer inside our store, right? Also, it might be nice to put one up on the wall or something.
An's Father: Hm? Yeah, go for it.
An: Yay! I'm gonna go get the poster tape. I'll be right back, Kohane.
Kohane: Okay, I'll be waiting.
An's Father: By the way, can I ask you something...?
Kohane: Huh?! U-Um, the flyer for RAD WEEKEND was really just...!
An's Father: Haha. Relax, that's not what I had in mind. I want to ask about your guys' event flyer.
An's Father: This photo you used. Is this somewhere on Vivid Street? I vaguely remember seeing some of these things, but I've been having trouble putting my finger on any of them.
Kohane: Yes, that's a photo of Vivid Street, but I shopped together a few of them for the flyer.
An's Father: Shopped? You know how to do that?
Kohane: No, I had my dad help me a lot with that.
An's Father: I see... I'm guessing there's a reason behind you putting so much thought into this and going out of your way to ask for your father's help.
Kohane: So, initially, I was planning on just using some photos I'd taken of Vivid Street...
Kohane: But An and the others began coming up with keywords for the event and I thought to myself, “This won't be enough.”
An's Father: It wouldn't be enough?
Kohane: Yes. Our goal is to surpass RAD WEEKEND, the event you and your team put together.
Kohane: That's why we want to create something that no one has ever seen before...
Kohane: This flyer represents a part of that goal.
An's Father: I see... Something no one's ever seen before, huh?
An's Father: That's a good concept. I hope your event goes well.
Kohane: Thank you!
An: Kohane, I'm back! Where do you wanna put up our flyer?
Kohane: Probably somewhere everyone can see it, right? Like the doorway or one of these walls?
An: Okay! Oh, we can put one on Dad's back too!
An's Father: I don't mind. While you're at it, you should put one on your back to advertise whenever you help out around here.
An: What?! Our flyer's cool, but that seems like a bit much...
An: Actually, it might look good as a t-shirt.
Kohane: An?!
An's Father: Hahaha.
(Black cut)
