444_Kohane Azusawa_R2 Pretty Bridesmaid (event_60)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: I'm back!
An's Father: Hey, you all done practicing today?
Kohane: Yes, and we decided to stop by.
An's Father: Alright, the back should be open right now, so feel free to take it.
Toya: Thank you.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage Stage]

An: Whew, I'm starved. I might just ask for a sandwich.
Kohane: Wait, won't it be time for dinner by the time you get home?
An: Yeah, that's true... But I feel like I can scarf down a sandwich and dinner right now!
Akito: Hold on... Your shoot's tomorrow, isn't it? You sure about eating so much the day before?
An's Father: Hahaha. Are you saying that she won't fit into her dress?
An: Hey, there's no way I can possibly gain that much weight overnight.
An: But I see your guys' point, I'll hold off for now... I mean, I wanna go into that shoot in the best condition possible!
Kohane: Hehe.
(Black cut)
An's Father: Alright, here are the drinks you ordered. It's important to rest, but don't stay out too late, okay?
Kohane: Okay.
Toya: By the way, do you have to get up early tomorrow?
Kohane: No, not that early. The chapel for the shoot isn't that far away.
Toya: I see. I'm sure you'll be fine, but please let us know if anything happens. You never know. We may be able to help if you think you need it.
Akito: If anything happens...? You want us to get wrapped up in another wedding?
Toya: But what if something does happen...?
An: Haha... Let's hope everything goes okay.
Kohane: Hehe.
Kohane: Oh, that reminds me. Did you guys take any photos when you were a part of that flash mob a while back?
An: Yeah, we did! When we returned to the hall after our show was finished, the bride asked us to take some pictures with her.
Toya: Everyone had very nice smiles on their faces too since our show went so well.
Akito: Yeah.
Akito: Unfortunately, we don't have much of a story to tell you.
Kohane: Huh?
Akito: You want to hear about our little shoot, right?
Kohane: Oh, yeah. I was hoping to hear something that might help us with our shoot tomorrow...
Toya: I see... However, as Akito said, we don't have much information to give you.
Akito: All we did was take some pictures to celebrate. It's not like we were modeling for anything...
Kohane: Right...
Akito: Also, your dad's always taking tons of pictures of you, so aren't you used to being in front of the camera?
Kohane: The thing is... That's sort of just what he does...
Kohane: And he's family, so it doesn't ever feel like I'm his model or anything like that.
Akito: Okay, I see what you mean.
Kohane: Uh oh... I'm starting to get kind of worried about this...
An: I mean, we've never modeled for anything before...
An: But thinking's just gonna make us worry more. I say we just buck up and give it everything we've got!
Kohane: Yeah...
Toya: ...
Toya: Azusawa, what if you tried looking at this from the perspective of the person behind the camera instead of in front?
Kohane: Huh?
Toya: I have a feeling that you'll have an easier time preparing yourself mentally if you understand what the photographer's hoping to capture...
Kohane: Oh, you're right!
Kohane: If I were to take photos of An in a wedding dress...
Kohane: Hmm...
Kohane: Hmm...
Kohane: ...!
Akito & Toya: ...?
An: Kohane...?
Kohane: So...!
Kohane: I-If I was the photographer, I think I'd want to see you smiling, An...
Toya: Yes, smiling is certainly important.
Akito: I mean, I think you'd have more than a few problems if the bride wasn't doing that while wearing a wedding dress...
Kohane: R-Right. Sorry, I know it sounds really simple.
An: No, Kohane, I really appreciate you trying!
Akito: This Ms. Kawasaki's a professional photographer, right? I'm sure she'll figure something out.
An: Exactly! We can just do our best and learn what we can from her while making sure not to cause too much trouble!
Kohane: An...
Kohane: Okay! Let's give it our best shot!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Outside the wedding hall]

Airi: Congratulations, An! You getting married really brings a tear to my eye...!!
Airi: And close it out by really squeezing her tight!
An: Th-Th-Thank you, Airi! I'm so happy!
Kohane: Um... S-So...
Airi: Alright, Kohane, go get her! This might be your last chance ever to hug her!
Kohane: M-My last chance...?!
Kohane: B-But... Noooo!
An: Wah! Ko-Kohane... You're crushing me!
(Black cut)
Kawasaki: Everyone, let's move to our next location!
Kohane: Okay!
Kohane: (I was nervous at first, things went really well because of Airi and An...!)
Kohane: (I have to keep this up and keep trying my best!)
Kawasaki: Oh, I almost forgot! We should get the bouquet out since we're out in front of the chapel!
Kinuya: The ring and veil too. They should be in the waiting room, so let's go and get them.
Kawasaki: Right. Everyone, please take a quick break while you wait for us!
Shizuku: Okay.
An: Oh, hey. Why don't we take this opportunity to take some pics of ourselves? I wanna send some to my dad and our teammates.
Kohane: Yeah, let's!
Airi: Your teammates? You're talking about Akito and Toya, right?
An: Yes, they're probably practicing on their own right now, so I wanna let them know that things are going smoothly here.
Shizuku: Hehe. That's so nice. Alright, why don't I try taking a photo of all of us?
Airi: Wait, Shizuku, you're volunteering? Despite being not exactly the best at this sort of stuff?
Shizuku: Huh?
Airi: Don't give me that.
An: Do you and your phone not get along very well, Shizuku?
Kohane: In that case, I'll volunteer since I really like photography!
Airi: You will? Great, thanks! Here, Shizuku, stand next to An!
Kohane: Okay, the timer's set...!
Kohane: Oh, good! It turned out pretty well! I'll send it to all of you a little later!
Shizuku: Thank you, Kohane!
An: ...and I just sent it over to our group chat!
An: This should surprise Akito. I mean, we have Shizuku and Airi modeling alongside us!
Kohane: Hehe. I'm sure it will.
Airi: Oh, speaking of which... There's something I've been meaning to ask...
Airi: Kohane, you go to Miya Girls, but you and the others go to Kamiyama High, right, An? How did you all meet in the first place?
Kohane: Oh, so...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: Wow. So you got a little lost, found the cafe An's dad runs totally by accident and that was when you two met?
An: Yes, and I asked Kohane to sing with me after I felt this big jolt run through me when I heard her sing!
Shizuku: Wow, that's like something out of a TV show♪
An: I know, right?! It felt like destiny and an opportunity I'd never get ever again!
Kohane: A-An, you're blowing things out of proportion.
An: No, I really don't think I am!
Shizuku: Hehe.
Airi: Oh, so you four weren't always singing together?
An: No, we were separate teams in the beginning. Then, by chance, we got to sing together and it went amazingly well!
Airi: I see...
An: Also, you two already knew Akito and Toya, right?
Airi: Yeah, in my case, Ena... Akito's sister and I were in the same class during junior high for a while.
Airi: I went over to her house a few times and that was when I met him.
Shizuku: As for me, Airi introduced him to me during the Summer Festival while mentioning that he's Ena's younger brother.
Airi: But Akito's also pretty mature. So much so that I sometimes wonder who's actually the older sibling.
Shizuku: Hehe. That's wonderfully close to my situation since Shii's also a very mature girl.
Airi: What part of that are you calling wonderful?!
Kohane & An: Hehe. Haha.
An: Speaking of which, I haven't had a chance to talk to Akito's sister. I've only ever greeted her in passing.
Kohane: Same. I hope we get a chance to actually talk sometime.
An: And Akito's gonna have that sour look on his face when we try to.
Kinuya: Thank you all for your patience! We got all the props ready!
Shizuku: Oh, what a beautiful bouquet.
Kinuya: Hehe. I had this really talented florist make it for us just for today.
Kawasaki: Would you all mind if I gave a quick rundown of this scene before we start?
An: Okay!
An: Deep breath... Okay! Let's pick back up where we left off!
Kohane: Right! Let's do our best, An!
Airi: Alright, everyone ready?
Kohane & An: Yeah!
(Black cut)
