466_Kohane Azusawa_R3 Lemonade Break♪ (event_64)

Gacha phrase: Wow... This is so good!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Kamiyama Street]

An: Sorry for the wait, Kohane! We had a lot more customers than usual today.
Kohane: No, that's okay. We still have plenty of time until the doors open for the event.
An: Thank goodness. That means all we have to do now is meet up with Akito and the others and perform!
Kohane: Hehe. Alright, shall we?
An: Yeah!
Kohane: Oh, An, that reminds me. Do you have any albums with photos of you when you were little?
An: Huh? I'm sure we do at home somewhere, but what's this all the sudden?
Kohane: You told us that story the other day from when you were little, right? I was hoping to see what you looked like back then.
Kohane: Would that be okay?
An: Yeah, totally. I'll try looking for some when I get home.
Kohane: Really?! Thank you so much, An!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Weekend Garage]

Kohane: Hello.
An: Hey, there you are! Kohane, over here!
An: Here you are! These are the albums you asked for the other day!
Kohane: Wow, this is more than I was expecting! Hang on... One, two... Five?!
An: Hehe. I was surprised too. But you'll see why there are so many once you start flipping through them.
Kohane: Really? In that case, if you don't mind...
An: Knock yourself out...
Kohane: Oh, An, here's one with you and Ken. And this one... Is this your mom?
An: Yeah, that's her! Also, Aunt Nagi's the one who took this picture.
Kohane: Wow, you guys all seem so close!
An: Yup!
Kohane: Oh, the next page has photos of Nagi and Taiga. Also...
Kohane: Huh? This man in the hat... He seems awfully familiar...
An: Oh, can you guess? That's actually the manager of the live house from yesterday.
Kohane: What?!
An: The person next to him is the old manager of RED, the live house we performed at the other day. And...
An: ...which is why we have so many albums. There're as many photos of our family as there are of people from around town.
Kohane: Hehe. I really had no idea.
An: Yeah...
An: Going through all these albums kinda made me see why Aunt Nagi said she loves everyone from around here so much.
An: They're all really nice and friendly... And, well...
Kohane: Um... Comforting?
An: Yeah, that's exactly it! How did you know?!
Kohane: Hehe. The photos with you and Nagi made me think that.
Kohane: At the same time, there was a point where your mom stopped showing up in these photos.
An: Oh, that was probably when she started going back to work.
An: No one was usually home back then, so I was usually with Aunt Nagi and everyone.
An: Looking back, I guess I wanted my dad and Aunt Nagi to pay more attention to me since it was so lonely not always having my mom around.
Kohane: I see...
An: But I haven't felt lonely at all since that time I decided to run away.
An: I got to know how Aunt Nagi and my dad really felt about me, and...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Live House Manager: Good luck with practice today, An!
Attractive Lady: I love the way you sing, An♪
Frizzly-haired Record Store Clerk: I have a song that I'd like to recommend. Would you like to hear it...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: I know that I have everyone from around town on my side....
An: So as long as I'm here, I'll never be alone!
Kohane: Right...!
Kohane: This really is a wonderful city.
An: Isn't it?!
An: Now I totally get why Aunt Nagi said she'd never get tired of this place...
An: Because I want you to keep loving this city too, Kohane.
Kohane: An...
Kohane: Hehe. I will. I love this city a lot too.
Kohane: Because it's where I met you and got into street music. This place means so much to me now.
An: K-Koohaanee...!!
Kohane: Wah! A-An! You always throw yourself at me like that...
An: Hehe. That's because what you said made me so happy.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shibuya Park]

Kohane: Okay... Another day spent singing...
An: Yeah... Wait, huh? It's still light out?
Toya: According to the clock, we were over there for about three hours.
Akito: It always feels like we get a lot done whenever we practice with Miku and the others. A couple hours can seem like half a day, you know?
An: Yeah. Now, since we have some time on our hands, wanna head over to my place for a break?
Kohane: Oh, hang on! Can we go for a quick walk around the city?
Toya: Around the city?
Kohane: Yeah! We have to “take a look at this city”, right?
Kohane: I have a feeling that we'll learn something if we look around as much as we can.
An: Oh, that reminds me of how you and Uncle Taiga spent a bunch of time walking around town.
Akito: Yeah, I remember hearing that too.
Akito: I agree that thinking alone probably won't get us anywhere. Actually going for a look might give us some new leads.
Toya: Yes, I'm also curious as to why you and Taiga went for a walk during practice.
An: Alright, let's try going on the walk you and Uncle Taiga went on!
An: Kohane, do you remember what route you guys took?
Kohane: Yeah, I still remember! We started at a ramen shop at the end of Vivid Street!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Vivid Street]

Kohane: Let's see... We came to this ramen shop after stopping by that record store.
Akito: It's a different one compared to where we started.
Toya: Does Taiga like ramen that much or something?
Kohane: Yeah, it sounded like he used to eat ramen all the time when he was younger and came here pretty often.
Kohane: This shop's famous for its pork broth and miso ramen, but he likes to get the fried rice with ankake sauce.
An: Oh, I think I remember! The boss kept telling Uncle Taiga, “You've gotta try my best dish at least once!”
Boss: Hm? Well if it isn't An and Vivid BAD SQUAD. I thought I heard some familiar voices.
An: Hi. We were just taking a stroll around town!
Boss: Hahaha! You guys really like hanging out with each other, huh? Just like Ken and Taiga back in the day.
Boss: Also, I'm about to add a new menu item soon. Don't forget to stop by for a taste!
Boss: Here, take this flyer. Bring it next time to get half off your next meal!
Kohane: H-Half off?!
An: Whoa, awesome! Alright, we'll try to stop by the next chance we get.
Boss: Great! I'll be waiting!
(Black cut)
Kohane: Okay, next... We stopped by here.
Toya: The greengrocer?
Akito: Yeah, I was sorta expecting to see a live house or two by now...
Kohane: Oh, this place closes at 8:00 pm, so you can get a lot of stuff really cheap around 7:30 pm!
Akito: Do we really need to know that...?
An: Haha! It's absolutely essential if you live around here!
An: Hi! Is Grandma here today?
Greengrocer Lady: Oh, An, hello. Sorry, she's seeing the chiropractor today.
An: Oh no! Is she okay?
Greengrocer Lady: No, she's fine. A friend of hers is in town and she just went over to chat.
An: Oh, thank goodness! I was worried that she wasn't.
Greengrocer Lady: There's nothing to worry about! She may look like a granny these days, but she's always saying how young she feels.
Greengrocer Lady: Be sure to stop by again soon. We're going to start selling the chilled pineapples like we do every year.
Toya: Chilled pineapples?
An: You haven't heard of them? They're ice-cold pineapples that are cut into sticks!
Greengrocer Lady: We're very proud of our pineapples, so please stop by to try them. Grandma and I will be waiting right here.
Kohane: We will! Thank you for having us!
(Black cut)
Akito: Alright, Kohane, that seems to be about everything you and Taiga saw...
Kohane: Yeah... But we didn't really learn much...
Toya: No, we learned about that fried rice with ankake sauce, how we can buy cheap produce and chilled pineapples.
Toya: I'm actually looking forward to trying some of those pineapples.
An: Yeah, we've gotta grab a few sometime! And she wasn't here today, but Grandma's a super nice person!
Akito: Okay, we get it.
Akito: Also, you seemed to really enjoy this walk from start to finish.
An: Oh, was it that obvious?
Kohane: Hehe. You were smiling the whole time as you told us about all these things that only the locals would know.
An: Yeah, it was kinda like having my friends over at my house.
An: I had so much fun that I totally forgot about our main goal!
Akito: You're kidding, right?
Toya: We didn't get many insights into what it means to “take a look at this city”... But we got a taste of just how welcoming this city is.
Kohane: Hehe. The boss of the ramen shop and the greengrocer lady were so nice too.
Akito: Still, we need to think more about what it means to “take a look at this city”.
Akito: Considering how much it's puzzling Tono, finding an answer won't be easy.
Kohane: Yeah, so let's work together and do our best to find the answer.
An: Yeah!
(Black cut)
