528_Kohane Azusawa_R4 I'll Protect You (event_75)

Gacha phrase: An, pass me that gun!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Minori: Everyone from the promo and maze teams, thank you for your patience!
Minori: The costume team will now be doing a little fashion show and photo shoot to take promotional pics for our haunted house!
Kohane & Classmates: Wow...! Cool!
Shiho: I get why everyone's excited, but the promo team can't seem to contain themselves.
Kohane: Hehe. We heard that the costumes turned out really amazing, so we can't wait to see them!
Promo Team Member A: Also, getting to take pictures of them means our work's just getting started!
Shiho: Right, so...
Costume Team Member A: Unfortunately, we only have the costume for one wolf and Little Red Riding Hood's hood ready...
Costume Team Member B: Are these really gonna be enough?
Kohane: Yup! We have the trees Shiho and her team made, so these should be more than enough!
Kohane: So, Shiho, can we borrow some of your trees?
Shiho: Of course. We had a feeling that you guys would need them, so we made sure to get them done the day before.
Kohane: Thank you so much! That helps a lot!
Minori: Ahem. Now then! We'll start with the costume for Wolf #1!
Minori: Ta-daa!
Kohane: Whoa! It looks so real!
Promo Team Member B: Yeah. I was kinda wondering how it'd turn out at first after I heard that they were making it out of cardboard and a helmet.
Shiho: Same. I can't believe how realistic it is.
Scarer Student A: This is awesome, costume team! How did you guys make this?
Minori: So, we used a helmet and some cardboard to put the face together. Once that was done, we draped some cloth over it!
Minori: Then, we gave it some eyes, ears and fangs! And voila, it was done!
Minori: Also, this wolf is meant to be not so scary for those who aren't exactly thrill seekers. As such, the eyes are meant to look kinda cute!
Kohane: Yeah, the way they're drooping a little's kind of cute!
Scarer Student B: I agree. Even if you ran into it, you could probably just say hi to it and walk away.
Everyone: Haha.
Kohane: (Hehe. An should be able to enjoy this sort of haunted house.)
Kohane: I'll start taking some photos now! Also, if you don't mind, could you put it on and pose like you're trying to scare someone?
Scarer Student A: Okay! Lemme try putting it on!
Costume Team Member A: We'll help! First, you need to look for the zipper on the back... Here, it's this...
Shiho: You tried to make the cloth look like a wolf's fur, right? Are you sure about using just gray for that?
Minori: Huh?
Kohane: Oh, I see what she means... I think wolves have white fur around their mouths. A lot of dogs too.
Minori: *Gasp* Y-You're right!
Shiho: If you need fabric paint, you can borrow some from the maze team.
Minori: Thanks, Shiho! I probably didn't realize sooner because Samo's all white!
Costume Team Member B: Yeah, thanks, Hinomori! We should be able to get it to look even more wolflike now!
Shiho: There's no need to thank me. It was just something I happened to notice.
Costume Team Member B: Still, good eye. Wait, Hinomori, do you like animals...?
Shiho: Huh? It's not like that...
Minori: Haha. Shiho really loves adorably fluffy, little bunny rabbits that...
Shiho: A-Ahem!
Shiho: Why are you giggling, Kohane...?
Kohane: Hehe. It's just... You're so cute, Shiho.
Shiho: Huh? You sound like my sister...
Promo Team Member A: Kohane! Everyone! She's done putting on the wolf costume! Let's start taking some pictures!
Kohane: Okay! Let's start!
Minori: Please make a really, really amazing flyer for us, Kohane!
Kohane: Of course!
Kohane: You all worked really hard on making these, so I promise to make something really good with the promo team!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Kohane: ...and the night festival was really fun because I got to watch my friend's band play alongside my classmates!
MEIKO: Hehe. I see. It sounds like the School Festival turned out to be quite an event.
MEIKO: Still... Not being able to take that wolf's head off must've been terrible. I'm glad you didn't get hurt during all that.
Kohane: Me too. I was fine in the end... But I sort of caused a lot of people a lot of trouble.
An: That wasn't your fault, Kohane! It was my fault for getting scared and running away.
Akito: True.
An: Guh... Hey... You could try to cheer me up a little, you know?
Akito: I mean, what you said is actually true. Why do I need to say otherwise?
Kohane: *Sob* I'm so sorry, An. I really didn't mean to scare you like that.
Kohane: I also need to apologize to you too, Shinonome, Aoyagi. I'm sorry for leaving you two behind that time...
Toya: Don't worry about it. We honestly didn't have any idea what was going on then, so there was no way either of us could've stopped either of you.
Toya: Akito even said how he probably would've been able to help a little if you didn't look like a dog...
Akito: A-Ahem!
Akito: Anyway, we can't change what happened. So, it's fine.
Kohane: Okay... Thanks, you two!
MEIKO: Hehe.
MEIKO: So, what did you two do while Kohane chased after An?
An: That's a good question...!
Akito: We started looking for you two since neither of you would pick up your phones.
An: Oh, right... You guys did call us a bunch of times...
Kohane: S-Sorry. I really had no idea...
MEIKO: You didn't notice even when Rin was there with you? You must've been desperate to find An.
Akito: To be fair, even if you did pick up, you probably weren't in a state to hold an intelligible conversation...
Akito: Anyway, we wandered around your school looking for the two of you.
Toya: That was when we ran into Momoi and Hinomori.
Kohane: You did?
Toya: Yes. We found them in the courtyard advertising what their class was doing.
Toya: After speaking to them, we decided to have some of what they were offering.
An: Wait, what did they make...?
Kohane: Lookalike sweets. Minori, Shiho and I went over on the first day and tried a lot of different things.
MEIKO: Lookalike sweets...? That sounds interesting. Care to explain further?
Toya: They had some that looked like sushi but it was really chocolate. There was also a steak that was actually bread.
Akito: They also had pot sticker cookies too.
Toya: Yes, I felt so confused while eating them.
Akito: My eyes saw a pot sticker, but my tongue was telling me that it was a cookie.
MEIKO: I can see why your brain would've been so confused.
MEIKO: Still, I'm really glad that you were both able to enjoy the festival together.
Toya: Me too. After that, we wandered around searching for Azusawa and Shiraishi while soaking in the atmosphere.
Akito: And we had another look around after meeting back up.
An: You're kidding, right?! So we didn't need to feel that sorry after all?!
Kohane: A-An...
Toya: Didn't I say not to worry?
MEIKO: By the way, did you take any pictures? I'd like to see what it was like if possible.
Akito: Oh, Kohane took tons.
Kohane: Yes, I did! Where would you like to start?
MEIKO: Well... Why don't we start with what this zombie wolf An ran from looked like?
MEIKO: I'd like to see just how scary it was.
An: B-Brace yourself, MEIKO! It's super duper scary!
Kohane: Hehe.
(Black cut)
