554_Kohane Azusawa_R3 Countdown to Christmas! (event_79)

Gacha phrase: Hehehe, I'm looking forward to it.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Kamiyama Street]

Toya: We practiced singing for much longer than I was expecting.
An: Get home safe, okay, you guys? You especially, Kohane, since you're such a cutie.
Kohane: Wah! A-An, I'll be fine.
Akito: Anyway, see you all tomorrow.
An, Kohane, Toya & Kotaro: Bye! Okay. See you!
Kotaro: What's with Akito? We're all headed the same way, aren't we? Why's he not coming with us?
Toya: I suspect that he wants to run all the way home...
Kotaro: Wait, seriously...?
An: Haha. That's Akito for you.
Kotaro: Th-The rest of us are all just walking home, right?
Toya: Yes, that's the plan.
An: Anyway, you guys look after Kohane for me.
Kohane: Oh, An...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Vivid Street]

Kotaro: *Sigh* I feel more tired than usual today. I was only planning on placing a reservation for my little brother's Christmas present too.
Toya: Well, quite a lot did happen.
Kohane: Yeah... Shinonome in particular had a very busy day.
Kohane: Also... That story about Crawl Green really took me by surprise.
Toya: Me too... I had no idea that such a thing happened before we formed our team.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kotaro: So you guys heard...
Kohane: (When I started singing here, I remember Shinonome being such a good singer who knew how to get an audience going...)
Kohane: (But he must've practiced so much in order to attain that ability... He must've suffered so much...)
Kohane: Oh... Maybe that's why...
Toya: Azusawa...?
Kohane: So... I was reminded of something he said when I first started singing with An.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: And you're saying practicing hard is the same thing as having resolve? Don't make me laugh!
Akito: We're absolutely serious. We're going to surpass RAD WEEKEND. Can you say the same thing, shrimp?
(White cut)
Akito: The music world isn't a place you can just come waltzing into like you're on some field trip.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kotaro: Whoa... He really said that?
Toya: When Azusawa performed in her very first event...
Toya: I apologize for what happened that time. I wish I could've stopped him somehow...
Kotaro: Hold up...! I remember now! That was when the plug literally got pulled on you and the whole event got ruined, right?!
Kotaro: Which means it was actually my fault. I'm so sorry for what happened!
Kohane: N-No, that's okay...! It doesn't bother me at all anymore.
Kohane: Also, Shinonome wasn't wrong about what he said...
Kotaro: What...?
Kohane: Back then, I definitely didn't fully comprehend what it meant to surpass RAD WEEKEND or what it would actually take.
Kohane: What he said shocked me, and I thought I wasn't good enough...
Kohane: But if he hadn't said that, I probably wouldn't have taken a hard look at what I was doing. Singing and chasing after the same dream as An...
Toya: Azusawa...
Kohane: And just now I realized something...
Kohane: I have a feeling that Shinonome said what he said to me because he knew what it meant to sing here. He knew better than anyone else how you need to be determined to succeed.
Kohane: Which is why I think... It was his way of being kind...
Kotaro: I'm not sure about that...
Kotaro: I may be wrong, but he doesn't seem like that nice a person.
Toya: Akito did get very emotional that time.
Toya: However, what he told us about today may be at the source of why he said what he said.
Toya: This place has come to accept us, but it's also constantly testing our abilities.
Kohane: Right... Still...
Kohane: I decided to sing here.
Toya: Yes, I as well.
Kotaro: Same here! So, let's all surpass RAD WEEKEND together!
Kohane & Toya: Yeah! Yes.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shibuya Park]

Everyone: ♪————! ♪————!
(Black cut)
An: Whew...! This seems like a good place to stop for today.
Arata: We were doing pretty well just now. I'd like to stay for a little longer if that's okay with all of you.
Akito: Oh, sorry, we can't today...
Kohane: We actually need to go buy Christmas presents for some friends of ours.
Arata: Ah, then please go... I hope you find some good gifts for them.
Kohane: Thank you. We hope so too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

An: Now, let's find some good gifts for Miku and the others!
Toya: Luka said that we'll need them for the bingo tournament, right?
Kohane: We also need to make sure they can't see what's inside. Apparently, each time a person gets a bingo, they'll choose a present from the pile.
Akito: Which means we have no idea who's going to get what. So, we probably shouldn't try to find presents that are meant specifically for Len or whoever else.
An: Actually, that could be fun. We don't know who these presents are gonna go to, so it'll be interesting to see who gets what in the end.
Toya: Yes, since finding presents that everyone is going to enjoy will likely prove difficult...
Akito: I agree. Anyway, let's head in and start browsing.
Kohane: Okay!
(Black cut)

[Trinket Shop]

Kohane: Oh, An, look...! You can wrap this bear plushie to your arm.
An: That's so cute! We should totally get one of these!
Akito: Hang on... What happens if KAITO gets that?
An: He might actually like it. I can already see him saying, “Haha! I have a new partner now!”
Toya: Heh... He actually might.
An: See? So, that's one down♪
(Black cut)

[Toy Store]

Toya: ...! This is...
Toya: Everyone, look. They have a cotton candy machine.
Kohane: Wow, I haven't seen one of those in so long! My dad and I used to make cotton candy all the time with an older version of this machine.
Kohane: It looks like a toy, but it really does make cotton candy.
Akito: Alright, let's get one of those. Rin and Len might like it.
Toya: Hm...? What do you have there, Akito? Are those shoes with springs...?
An: Hey, those are Hopper Kings! Talk about a blast from the past!
Toya: Hopper Kings...?
Kohane: Oh, those shoes allow you to jump really high when you put them on.
Kohane: But you need to be pretty athletic to get them to work...
Akito: Miku and the others seem to be able to dance pretty well, so that shouldn't be a problem.
Akito: And they're one size fits all.
Toya: Yes, any foot length up to 30 cm. That should cover most users.
An: Hehe. Let's keep this up and find presents for all six of them!
Kohane: Yeah!
(Black cut)
An: Nice! That's something for everyone!
Kohane: We had so many options to choose from, but I think we picked out a good selection.
Toya: I agree. All that's left is to see who gets what.
Akito: Especially that bear plushie you can wrap around your arm.
An: Personally, I wanna see KAITO get it.
Kohane: Hehe. I think it'd look really cute on Miku or MEIKO.
An: Totally! They're usually the cool and mature ones, but it might be nice to see them wear something adorable like that for a change!
Kohane: Yeah! Now I'm really looking forward to our Christmas party!
(Black cut)
