595_Kohane Azusawa_R4 After The Climax (event_86)

Gacha phrase: I've never given it so much...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Vivid Street]

Kohane: (*Sigh* Taiga had me do a lot again during practice...)
Kohane: (When he asked me to do animal impressions, I didn't expect to get so serious about it...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Kohane: Grrr... Woof!
Taiga: No, don't try to express yourself using words. Remember, humans and animals produce sounds in very different ways...
Kohane: R-Right. Uh...
Kohane: (We humans speak by using our tongues and lips to alter the sounds produced by our vocal cords. Animals on the other hand simply produce sound from their throats.)
Kohane: (From their throats...)
Kohane: GRRR... WOOF!
Taiga: Hey, that was pretty good. Alright, now try doing an elephant.
Kohane: A-An elephant?!
Taiga: Tricky, right? So, how are you going to tackle this one?
(Black cut)
Taiga: Okay... Why don't we call it here for today?
Taiga: Oh, aren't you heading over to Ken's place after this? In that case, your homework will be to keep doing animal impressions until you get there.
Kohane: What...?!
Taiga: You can choose any animal you like. However, you need to speak as them, not just impersonate their sounds.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Kohane: (Speak? As an animal...?)
Kohane: (This is really embarrassing... But this is practice, so I need to keep trying!)
Vivi: Meow.
Kohane: (Oh, it's Vivi... She's coming towards me.)
Kohane: (Wait, maybe she can help me with this. She's a real cat, so I might be able to use her voice as reference.)
Kohane: (Alright, I'll start by greeting her...!)
Kohane: Meow! Purr, meow...! (Hello! Nice weather today!)
Vivi: ...?
Kohane: (Huh? She tilted her head. Maybe she didn't understand what I was trying to say... I'll give it another try!)
An: Isn't that...?
Kohane: Meow! Purr, meow...! (Hello! Nice weather today!)
Vivi: Meow...
Kohane: (Oh, Vivi responded! Does that mean she understood me? Okay, I'll keep trying to talk to her...)
An: Kohane! What are you and Vivi talking about?
Kohane: Wah!
Kohane: (Huh, An...?!)
Kohane: (Oh no... What do I do...? As much as I want to talk to her, I'm supposed to talk like an animal until I get to An's place...)
An: Huh...? Sorry, did I scare you that bad?
Kohane: Me...
An: Hm...?
Kohane: Meow, meow. (Sorry, An.)
Kohane: Me-Me-Meow, meow, meow... (Taiga asked me to talk like this...)
An: Oh no... Th-That's way too cute...!!! Kohane, what's going on? Why are you talking like a cat?!
Kohane: (Sh-She didn't understand me at all!)
Kohane: (Wait, of course she doesn't understand... I should just explain things to her normally...)
Kohane: (But that would take away from my practice...)
Kohane: (Taiga's always asking me to do the strangest things, but they've all had some sort of positive effect.)
Kohane: (Which means this exercise should also ultimately help me. He told me over and over again to focus on using my throat better, so I just need to keep at that...)
Kohane: (I need to see this through until the end!)
An: Kohane...?
An: I still have no idea what's going on, but you seem to be taking this really seriously...!
An: So, I'm also gonna try my best to decipher what you're saying! Would you mind repeating what you just said?
Kohane: (An...!)
Kohane: Meow! (Okay!)
Kohane: (Thank you so much, An! I'll try my best too...!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

An: ...is what happened. It was seriously the cutest thing ever!
Akito: Geez, it's one thing for Kohane to just do as she's told without asking any questions, but you going along with her still doesn't make any sense...
Kohane: Haha...
Toya: But I'm impressed. You eventually managed to explain how Taiga asked you to do that for practice.
An: Of course she did! I mean, she's the best partner ever!
Akito: Still, animal impressions... I'd heard some people do vocal training like that before...
Toya: Yes, it's apparently a way to make your vocal cords more flexible because you use muscles you normally don't. As a result, you're able to express yourself in more ways.
Toya: Akito, why don't we give it a try?
Akito: Huh?
Akito: Toya... You just want to make animal noises, don't you?
Toya: Yes, that's a part of it.
An: Yeah, let's give it a try! Kohane, I'll try copying an animal this time, so can you give me some pointers on how?
Kohane: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Kamiyama Street]

Kohane: Here it is... I got lost in these back alleys the first time I visited this area.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Kohane: This seems like a good place for me to start for a stroll down memory lane.
Kohane: So, I'll choose this for my first photo...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kohane: Um, Taiga? Can I try taking photos again for practice?
Kohane: When I sang at Crawl Green the other day, I finally began to understand why you took me around to all those different places.
Kohane: So, I want to return to the places I went to the first time I came here as a way of revisiting those memories.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: (When I wandered into this place for the first time, I felt so scared because of all the graffiti on the walls. I didn't even have the courage to ask for directions...)
Kohane: (But, it's thanks to getting lost that time that I found Weekend Garage and met An.)
Kohane: Oh, that turned out really well! I'm going to keep taking more.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Vivid Street]

Kohane: (When I went down this street for the first time, it felt like I was entering a whole new world.)
Kohane: (But now, I feel at ease because I know where I am and where I'm going...)
Kohane: Oh, this is where An and I did our first street performance!
Kohane: (I was so nervous that time, but An started singing first and everyone began clapping along. After that, I had no trouble singing and really enjoyed myself.)
Kohane: This city's full of people who love music...
Kohane: (After I began performing in events by myself to gain experience, more and more people began recognizing me.)
Kohane: (Which seems to mean that they've been watching over me since I first came here...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kohane: (All the people he and An helped me meet and make personal connections with... As well as Taiga himself and An's dad...)
Kohane: (They all want to hear me sing, and I want to them to hear me sing.)
Kohane: (This feeling. I can see how important it is when it comes to singing...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: (As I move forward, I need to keep everything that I experienced and realized in mind as I sing...)
Store Clerk: Hm? Well, if isn't Kohane. Are you all by yourself, today?
Kohane: Oh, um. Yes. I was taking some photos as a part of singing practice...
Store Clerk: For singing practice...? Oh, the lady from the record store mentioned that to me in passing!
Store Clerk: You seem to be quite the photographer. Would you mind taking some pictures of me?
Kohane: Really? Thank you very much!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

Kohane: Hello.
An's Father: Hey, welcome.
An's Father: Sorry, but An's out buying some stuff right now. She should be back soon, so feel free to make yourself at home.
Kohane: Okay. Oh, would you mind if I took some photos of your establishment?
An's Father: Hm? Oh, for that thing Taiga said. Sure, take as many as you need.
Kohane: Thank you very much!
(Background change)
Kohane: (I was also really nervous when I came here for the first time. I took a lot of courage for me to just open the door...)
Kohane: (But that was when I saw An singing, which got me so excited...)
(Background change)
An: I'm back... Hey, Kohane! When did you get here?!
Kohane: Oh, An, welcome back!
An's Father: Thanks for getting these. You can take a break for a while now.
An: Awesome!
An: Oh, Kohane, you seemed to be staring at the stage just now. Is something the matter?
Kohane: I was just recalling what happened the first time I came here. Remember how I asked you to sing?
Kohane: It's still crystal clear in my mind because it was the first time I felt so exhilarated after hearing someone sing.
An: Oh, really?
An: Then, what if I did that for you again? Would you like that?
Kohane: Of course!
An: Then why don't I warm up by singing something?
Kohane: You mean it?!
An: Haha. I'm always happy to sing for you, Kohane! Oh, I'll even sing the song I sang that time.
Kohane: Wow...! Thank you so much, An!
(Background change)
Kohane: (Oh...)
An: Hm? Kohane?
Kohane: Sorry, I couldn't help but take your photo just now. This really reminded me of what happened back then...
An: Hehe. All good!
An: Then, lemme get started!
Kohane: Okay...!
Kohane: (I was able to change after discovering Vivid Street and meeting An and all those other people.)
Kohane: (And I want to keep making music with them.)
(Black cut)
