605_Kohane Azusawa_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: Getting such a celebration... It's like a dream.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kohane's birthday]

[Lunch break]

Shiho: Kohane, would you like to join me for lunch?
Kohane: Yeah, sure! Just let me invite Minori...
Kohane: Huh? I can't spot Minori. I wonder if she's having lunch with Haruka, Airi and Shizuku.
Shiho: If that's the case, they might be on the rooftop. Shall we go check?
Kohane: Ah, okay. If that's alright with you...
Kohane: (Well that's new... I mean, Shizuku might be there.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rooftop]

Kohane: Hello...
Minori: Ah! Kohane and Shiho have arrived!
Kohane: Huh?
Saki: We were waiting for you♪
Kohane: W-What? Why are you all here?
Haruka: To celebrate your birthday, of course.
Minori: Ready everyone! 3, 2, 1! Happy birthday, Kohane!
Saki & Emu: Happy birthday!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Kohane: *Gasp* Thank you!
Emu: Hurray☆ Our surprise worked♪
Honami: Nice work, Shiho. I knew you'd be able to pull it off without her suspecting a thing.
Shiho: It was nothing. I think we could have even had Minori do it.
Minori: No way! I would've totally freaked out and let it slip accidentally!
Airi: You sounded way too confident about that just now...
Shizuku: Hehe.
Shizuku: Once again, happy birthday Kohane. This is from us, but take care because it's a little heavy.
Kohane: Thank you! You're right. It is kind of heavy.
Airi: It's a Manuka honey set! We often buy stuff from this shop, so I can speak for its effectiveness!
Haruka: We heard how much effort you put into singing practice every day, so we hope this helps you look after your throat.
Kohane: Wow! I'll be sure to make good use of this.
Minori: We also take that honey for our throats, but it's so tasty, you'll want to eat more and more!
Haruka: Hehe, it also goes great with yogurt and in tea, if you'd prefer to enjoy it that way.
Kohane: Really? I can't wait to try it.
Kohane: Thank you so much, everyone!
Airi: You're welcome!
Saki: Okay then! Now it's time for our gift♪
Saki: C'mon Shiho, hurry!
Shiho: Yeah, yeah.
Shiho: Happy birthday, Kohane. Here's our gift to you.
Kohane: Huh? C-Could it be?! It's the new spring limited-edition cherry blossom Phenny!
Kohane: Wow! But it only just came out!
Saki: Heh heh heh. The day it came out, we made a dash for it the moment the bell rung♪
Kohane: I see!
Kohane: I was going to buy it on my next day off but was worried they'd sell out since they're so popular. I'm so happy!
Ichika: Glad you like it. We thought this would be the perfect gift for you, what with you being such a huge PXL fan and all.
Honami: Despite it being spring-limited, we thought you might have loads of Phennys already.
Kohane: Hehe. I may have a lot of PXL merch already, but the seasonal ones are always popular, and there are many I don't have.
Kohane: What's more, the cherry blossom Phenny's design and pose change each year, so it never gets old!
Saki: Ohhh! Shiho also said the same thing when we decided to get it!
Ichika: Yeah. Trust a Phenny-lover's instincts!
Shiho: Well, all it took was a bit of research...
Honami: Oh, that reminds me. Since everyone thought each Phenny looked slightly different, Shiho spent ages studying their faces to pick out the best one!
Shiho: Honami, you don't have to give all the details.
Kohane: Hehe, it sounds like you put a lot of thought into it, Shiho. I'll treasure it forever alongside all my other Phenny merch.
Shiho: I'm glad to hear that.
Emu: There's still more to come! Now it's time for your Wonderlands×Showtime, gift☆
Emu: Ta-daa! Kohane, watch this video♪
(Background change)

[Wonder Stage]

Kohane: *Gasp* It's everyone from Wonderlands×Showtime!
Tsukasa: <Happy birthday to our dearest number one fan!>
Nene: <Thank you for coming to see us each time we put on a new show.>
Rui: <Excluding our ambassadorial performances, I have the feeling you've attended every single one of them.>
Tsukasa: <Yes, and we wish nothing but the best for such a fan! And that is why we'll be performing one of our ambassadorial performances—“A Pianist Named Thorpe”—once again at the Wonder Stage!>
Tsukasa: <We heard from Toya and the others that you were rather distraught at not being able to see it last time, so we decided to let you know once our plans were finalized.>
Nene: <The performance schedule is now locked in, so you can ask Emu for more details.>
Rui: <We'll be pulling out all the stops to ensure that our special guest gets the birthday treat they deserve.>
Tsukasa: <Until then, we'll be waiting for you at the Wonder Stage!>
Nene: <Um also, if you're interested, let's practice singing together again...>
Rui: <We hope you have a magnificent birthday!>
(Background change)
Kohane: Wooow!
Kohane: So you'll be performing “A Pianist Named Thorpe” again! I heard from Aoyagi and the others that it was really good and I've been wanting to see it since!
Emu: Hehehe. We also want more people to watch it, so that's why we asked if we could perform it again at the Wonder Stage♪
Emu: I'll send you the details for the show later☆
Kohane: Thanks!
(Black cut)
Kohane: Um, thank you everyone for doing so much for my birthday!
Haruka: Hehe. You're welcome.
Airi: We're happy that we could all celebrate together.
Saki: Yeah! Deciding what to get you and shopping for it was also super fun!
Honami: That's right. I hope you had a lovely birthday, Kohane.
Kohane: Thanks!
Kohane: And you guys too, Minori, Shiho!
Minori & Shiho: You're welcome. You're welcome!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - School Gate]

An: Kohane! Sorry to have kept you waiting. I'm here now!
Kohane: An! Wait, where are Shinonome and Aoyagi?
An: They went ahead to Dad's place to get things ready, but said we can take our time.
Kohane: Hehe, I'm looking forward to it.
An: Ah, that's right. Mizuki told me to give you this. Here, it's a hair accessory!
Kohane: Wow! What a cute hair ribbon! It's so gorgeous... I wonder if it would look good on me.
An: Of course it would! You're cute, and what's more, Mizuki picked it out!
An: Oh, and I bet Mizuki would be super happy if you sent over a picture of you wearing it!
Kohane: Will do! I'm a little embarrassed to... But I'll send a thank-you message along with it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

Kohane: Hell...oh!
Kohane: Wow! Everything's so beautifully decorated!
Arata: Oh, looks like our star of the day has arrived.
EVER Members: Hey! Thanks for inviting us to the party.
Kohane: Tono! Oh, everyone from EVER is here too! Thank you all so much for coming.
Arata: Well, we do put on events together, and plus An wanted us to come.
Akito: Hm? Hey, Tono. You've still got some decorations to put up. I've already finished my side.
Arata: Oh, my bad.
Kohane: Huh? So you guys helped with the decorations too?
Tatsuya: We were getting bored just standing around and waiting, so Shinonome made us his errand boys.
Akito: Making me out to be the bad guy, huh. You're the ones who offered to help.
Kohane: Thank you everyone! And thank you for doing all this, Shinonome!
Akito: Hey, it's your birthday today, so don't go around trying to help.
Kohane: Hehe. Well if you really don't mind. I'm looking forward to it!
An: That's right! By the way, where are Toya and Kotaro?
Kotaro: Right here! We've got several freshly-made dishes waiting here, so if anyone's free, we'd appreciate help taking them to the tables!
EVER Members: On it!
Toya: Azusawa's already here. Shall we bring out the centerpiece yet?
An: Yeah. Alright! Toya, help me carry it.
Toya: Okay.
Kohane: ... The centerpiece?
Tatsuya: So, is everyone here now?
Kohane: Oh, um... I did tell Taiga that there was going to be a party today...
An's Father: If he can make it then I'm sure he'll be here at some point. Here, would you mind putting these plates on that table?
Tatsuya: Got it.
An: Alright, make way! Giant cake coming through!
Kohane: Whoa, what a huge shortcake!
Toya: That's right. Shiraishi made it especially for today. It really is the centerpiece of the table.
An: What do you think? Doesn't it look great?
Kohane: It is, but how did you manage... Oh! Don't tell me you've been working on this since yesterday?
An: You got me. I may not have slept much last night, but it's the least I could do for my amazing partner!
Kohane: *Gasp* Thank you so much, An. I'm so grateful!
An: Hehe, you're very welcome!
An: Ah, and also, the ingredients to make all this food was from friends from around town!
An: When I told them your birthday was coming up, suddenly everyone started giving me all sorts of stuff!
Kohane: They did that...?
An: Yeah! Like the strawberries on the cake were from the person at the crepe shop and the old lady at the fruit shop! They even said that they'll give us a free treat the next time we visit them.
Kohane: Really? Hehe, then that means I'm going to have to stop by to thank them.
Taiga: What's this? Looks like the party's barely started.
Kohane: Oh, Taiga, you made it!
Taiga: Yes, well, I couldn't turn down an offer from the birthday girl, could I?
Kohane: Hehe, thank you!
An: Okay, it seems like everyone we invited is here now, so let's raise a toast!
Kotaro: Great! Please, do the honors!
An: Okay, ready?
An: Happy birthday, Kohane!
Everyone: Happy birthday! Happy birthday!
An's Father & Taiga: Happy birthday.
Kohane: Thank you so much!
Kohane: (First my classmates and everyone from Wonderlands×Showtime, and now An and the others...)
Kohane: (I can't believe I got the chance to celebrate my birthday with so many people...)
Kohane: (It makes me...so happy!)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000171/bg_s000171.webp)
Mizuki: Kohane, thanks for that picture of you wearing the ribbon! You look way cuter in it than I could ever imagine! I hope you keep wearing it!
Nene: Happy birthday, Azusawa. I'm glad you liked the birthday video.
Rui: Like I said in the video, thank you for always coming to see our shows. It's a joy to have a fan like you.
Tsukasa: Yes! We promise to give it our utmost every day, so you better be watching us with bated breath!
Emu: You're always welcome to come visit us at the Wonder Stage! Happy, happy, happy birthday to you♪
Minori: Happy birthday, Kohane! I'm so glad our little rooftop surprise went well. Thank you everyone for helping out!
Haruka: Of course. We wanted to celebrate Kohane's birthday, too. Many fun and heated debates went into choosing your gift.
Airi: We heard how serious you are about singing, so we wanted our gift to be both practical and helpful in a professional sense. Then, we all came up with ideas to consider with scrutiny!
Shizuku: That's right. Kohane, when it comes to self-care, don't hesitate to ask us anything. I'm sure our gift will come in very handy.
Minori: Hehehe, happy birthday, Kohane!
Ichika: Once again, happy birthday, Kohane. I'm glad we got to celebrate together and surprise you with Phenny!
Saki: Hahaha. Good thing we made a mad dash for it after school, right, Shiho?♪
Shiho: Why're you looking at me? Wasn't it you and the others who suggested the Phenny plushie in the first place?
Honami: Hehe, that may be true, but you were the one who did a ton of research on Phenny merch, and picked out the one we ended up giving her!
Shiho: Well, who wouldn't make sure the recipient actually likes their gift? Anyway, happy birthday, Kohane.
Toya: Happy birthday, Azusawa. As Tono and the others said, I'm happy to have helped put this party together and see you enjoy it.
An: Yeah! Seeing your adorable face munching away on that slice of cake was totally worth the all-nighter!
Akito: Now that you mention it, I saw An off to one side watching you with a grin on her face as you dug in.
An: Hey now. Seeing my partner smile like that was seeing how all my hard work paid off.
An: Kohane! I know I say this all the time, but you are the best partner I could have ever asked for.
An: I know there'll be a lot of hurdles between us and our goal to surpass RAD WEEKEND, but I'll do my best. Someday, we'll all achieve that dream together!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kohane: My school friends, teammates, and even the locals...
Kohane: So many people helped put these celebrations together. It's like I'm dreaming.
Kohane: Thank you all so much for celebrating my birthday with me!
Kohane: I'm going to keep doing my best! To surpass RAD WEEKEND and for all of those people who come watch us perform!
Kohane: So, I hope you all continue to support me. Thank you so much for today!
(Black cut)
