694_Kohane Azusawa_R4 In My Own Words (event_103)

Gacha phrase: I'm going to hold on to this feeling and move forward.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Kohane: (*Sigh* The teachers are all in a meeting...)
Kohane: (I was hoping to talk to them about making it so I'd only have to look after the animals during lunch...)
Kohane: (I'll be late heading over to SEKAI, but I should try again after school.)
Shiho: Kohane...?
Kohane: Oh, Shiho. Is something the matter?
Shiho: I should be asking you that...
Shiho: It seems like you've had a lot on your mind lately. Did something happen?
Kohane: I appreciate the concern. A few things here and there...
Shiho: ...
Shiho: I'll be happy to help if you need someone to listen...
Kohane: Oh...
Kohane: Thanks. Then, if you don't mind...
Kohane: So, my team and I battled against this really amazing singer who was instrumental in putting on a legendary event that we want to surpass.
Shiho: Wait, you battled against this person?
Kohane: Yeah. He said that there was something we needed to know if we were serious about actually surpassing it...
Kohane: We all did the best we could... But we couldn't lay a finger on him...
Shiho: ...!
Kohane: And he sang like he really meant it just for us. It was so incredible...
Kohane: I think that was the first time I felt scared after hearing someone sing.
Shiho: He must be the real deal if he made you and your team feel scared, Kohane...
Kohane: He is...
Kohane: Oh, but we're fine now!
Kohane: Because we truly understand now that we won't be able to surpass that event if we don't fully commit ourselves. And we've made our decision.
Kohane: We're going to surpass RAD WEEKEND and see what lies far beyond that dream.
Shiho: ...
Shiho: Then, I'm glad for you guys.
Kohane: Oh, that reminds me... Your band just signed a deal and you're going to be debuting as pros soon, right?
Shiho: We are... Why do you ask all of a sudden?
Kohane: Oh, it's just... I think it's great how you and your band were able to make your dream come true.
Kohane: But you had to overcome a lot of walls and obstacles along the way, right...?
Kohane: That's why I want to ask what you guys did whenever you ran into one.
Shiho: Walls, huh...? Yeah, a lot of stuff did happen along the way...
Shiho: But to be honest, we sort of got lucky and caught a nice wave. I'm not sure we can help much.
Kohane: No, don't say that. I really wanna hear about it, as long as you don't mind.
Shiho: Okay. Then, I'll just tell it as it is.
Shiho: I believe we were able to actually go pro because Ichika and the others were willing to commit and put in the work.
Kohane: Commit and put in the work...?
Shiho: They thought long and hard about what it really means to go pro and how we'll need to look at our music moving forward.
Shiho: Before that, I tried to hold back and play at their level.
Shiho: But then they surprised me by telling me not to.
Shiho: I think that was a result of their commitment.
Shiho: Looking back, that ended up being a bit of a tough stretch for them. We pretty much spent all of our time outside of school practicing.
Shiho: Even Saki, who loves going to class and really pays attention, got scolded by her teacher after falling asleep.
Kohane: I had no idea...
Shiho: They really did an amazing job that time. I asked a lot of them, but they figured out ways to keep going.
Shiho: Seeing that was proof enough for me that everything comes down to your level of commitment.
Shiho: As long as you stay committed, even if you get lost or stuck, you'll find a way to stay standing. And as long as you're still standing, you'll be able to keep moving forward.
Shiho: Oh, sorry... I'm not saying that you guys need more guts or anything.
Shiho: I guess we're not the best example after all...
Kohane: No, that's not true!
Kohane: I agree. A strong commitment goes a really long way.
Kohane: There have already been moments up until now when I had to commit myself.
Kohane: But we should take another hard look at our dream as a team and reaffirm our commitment to making it come true.
Shiho: *Nod* And I'll be rooting for you guys.
Shiho: Hehe. I like the expression you just made, Kohane.
Shiho: If you feel like you can pummel a wall to pieces, why not try giving it a go on that one over there?
Kohane: What?! N-No, I wouldn't do anything so violent!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku)

[Street SEKAI]

Kohane: (I couldn't sleep and decided to come here...)
Kohane: (I still can't believe An's dad said he'd start watching our practices.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An's Father: Oh, I'm doing some cleaning. I was just putting away all the cups...
Kohane: Putting them away...?
An's Father: That's right. I'm thinking about closing this place down for a little while.
(White cut)
An's Father: You've all made your decision. Which is why I'm going to do what I can to honor that.
An's Father: It's what I owe you for keeping the truth from you for so long...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: I don't know what our practices are going to be like, but I do know that I'll need to do my best to hang in there.
Kohane: Because we told Taiga that we'd surpass RAD WEEKEND and see what's waiting for us beyond that!
???: You really have changed so much, Kohane.
Kohane: Huh...?
Kohane: M-Miku?!
Kohane: Um, hang on... D-Did you hear everything I just said...?
Miku (VBS): Yes, but I wasn't trying to eavesdrop.
Kohane: But you heard...! *Sob* I feel so embarrassed...
Miku (VBS): Don't be. That was some good determination.
Miku (VBS): But you feeling embarrassed just showed me that some of your old self is still there.
Kohane: Haha...
Kohane: My old self...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: Back then, I had no confidence in myself, and didn't have any real interests...
Kohane: A small part of me wanted all that to change, but I was never able to muster up the courage to actually act.
Miku (VBS): And look at you now, skipping school to give Taiga a piece of your mind.
Kohane: I know it's not good to cut class...but I don't regret going over to see him one bit.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Because you didn't want to leave any loose ends.
Kohane: Um, Miku?
Kohane: Remember when you told An and me how this SEKAI is made up of our feelings?
Kohane: I even asked you and MEIKO if this place really is made of “our” feelings.
Miku (VBS): Yes, I remember.
Kohane: I had to ask because I didn't have a dream like An.
Kohane: But...
Kohane: Now, I can confidently say that I do.
Kohane: My dream is to put on an event with An and the others that surpasses RAD WEEKEND.
Kohane: Which is why I know for sure now that this is our SEKAI.
Miku (VBS): Thank you, Kohane.
Miku (VBS): As one who watches over your feelings from this SEKAI, it's wonderful to see you making such big strides.
Miku (VBS): At the same time...
Miku (VBS): We want to see you do more. Much more.
Kohane: ...!
Miku (VBS): We're singers, Kohane. So, let's have our singing do the talking.
Miku (VBS): Tell me how you feel right now. Give me everything you have.
Kohane: Okay! Then, Miku, I want you to listen carefully.
Kohane: ...
Kohane: ————! ——————!!
Kohane: ——~~~! ——————!!
Kohane: (Miku's been by my side this entire time.)
Kohane: (Whenever I felt like giving up, she was always there to make sure I never lost sight of my true feelings.)
Kohane: (Whenever I started losing confidence in myself, she sang with me, encouraged me and pushed me to keep moving forward.)
Kohane: (So, I want to tell her...!)
Kohane: (How much she means to me...)
Kohane: (And everything I'm capable of with my singing now!)
Kohane: ————! ————~~~!!
Kohane & Miku: ——~~~! ——————!!
Kohane: (Oh wow...!)
Kohane & Miku: ————! ——————!!
Kohane: (Miku's never heard me sing this song before, but we're harmonizing so well!)
Kohane & Miku: ——! ——————~~~!!
Kohane: (This must mean that she understands how I feel, and what I'm trying to do with this song.)
Kohane: (Thank goodness...!)
Kohane: (Singing really is fun.)
Kohane & Miku: ——~~~! ——————!!
(Black cut)
