732_Kohane Azusawa_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Vacant Classroom]

Cleanup Committee Chair: Thank you all for selecting me to be the chair of this committee. I promise to do my very best.
Cleanup Committee Chair: Now, I see that we have a mix of both new and returning members here today, but I'd like to take this opportunity to explain the cleanup committee's roles and duties. Firstly...
Kohane: (She's such a good speaker, and seems like a really cool senior...)
Kohane: (I think Honami said they were on this committee together last year.)
Cleanup Committee Chair: That concludes my overview. Does anyone have any questions they'd like to ask?
First-Year: Oh, um... You said we're responsible for the flower beds in the courtyard and stuff. But that place is huge...
Kohane: (Yeah, that sounds really hard considering how many flower beds there are...)
Cleanup Committee Chair: Not to worry. The school custodian takes care of most of them. We are only in charge of a few.
First-Year: Oh, okay! I'm sorry... I was worried that I wouldn't be able to spend as much time doing club activities...
Cleanup Committee Chair: No, that's okay. I understand why you'd be worried since I'm also in a club.
Cleanup Committee Chair: While we're on the subject, why don't we start discussing what kinds of flowers we're going to plant this year...?
Kohane: (Oh, Honami was talking about this too...)
Kohane: (Hehe. Which kinds of flowers should I suggest?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Honami: Kohane, what did you think of the cleanup committee?
Kohane: I had a lot of fun!
Kohane: But I was a little nervous at first since I haven't participated in many committee discussions before...
Honami: Really? Did the animal caretaker committee not have many group discussions?
Kohane: We gathered in a classroom once to discuss who would be taking care of the animals on what days...
Kohane: Aside from that, we usually gathered by the cages or the shed where all the food and supplies were.
Honami: I see. It makes sense for taking care of the rabbits to take top priority.
Kohane: Yeah. The teachers and more senior members taught me about how to take care of them.
Kohane: But we never really talked about why our committee exists or anything like that. I had no idea that the cleanup committee would go into so much depth.
Honami: Ahaha... The chair does like to take things seriously...
Honami: Also, I feel a little bad about making you hear that explanation twice. I basically told you all of it already...
Kohane: No, that's okay! It served as a reminder, and now I have all my ducks in a row.
Kohane: Besides, I'm really glad we got to talk beforehand because I was so nervous during that meeting. I might've missed some things if you hadn't explained things to me earlier.
Kohane: So, thank you for your help. I really appreciate it.
Honami: Hehe. You're very welcome.
Honami: Phew...
Kohane: Honami...?
Honami: Oh, I'm sorry. I feel a little relieved is all...
Honami: You decided to join the cleanup committee after I told you about my own experiences...
Honami: I wasn't sure if you'd enjoy it, or if it would become too much of a burden.
Kohane: (Honami...)
Kohane: (I didn't know she'd been giving my decision so much thought.)
Kohane: (She's such a nice person.)
Kohane: Don't worry! Yes, I was nervous today, but I'm really looking forward to when we're supposed to meet next.
Kohane: I mean, we'll get to plant the flowers that everyone suggested today, right?
Kohane: Which means we can plant the ones you and I suggested, together.
Honami: Oh...
Honami: Hehe. Yes, that's right.
Kohane: Let's do our best together, Honami.
Honami: Yes, let's both do our best as members of the cleanup committee.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Scramble Crossing]

Kohane: Oh...!
An: Oh, Kohane...! Over here!
Kohane: Morning, everyone! Let's do our best again today.
Toya: Yes. After all, the practices we do each day mean everything to us now.
Akito: Oh, the light turned green. Let's go.
Kohane: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

An: Hey, Kohane, I noticed that you're wearing your uniform a little differently now.
Kohane: Oh, right. I thought it might be nice to try something new since it's not like our uniforms are changing this year.
Kohane: Still, coming up with a new look's really hard.
Kohane: I was hoping that I could give off a different impression like how you styled it, An...
Akito: She didn't “style” it so much as just mess it up.
An: Hey, don't go raining on my parade.
An: Anyway, Kohane, which do you prefer? My old look or my new one?
Kohane: Well... I thought your old look was cool since it felt so clean and tidy. It really suited you.
Kohane: But I think I prefer your new look since it feels more fun and relaxed. I think it captures you better.
An: Really?! Thanks, Kohane!
An: A bunch of people in class told me the same thing, but it means so much more coming from you, Kohane.
Kohane: Hehe.
An: Alright, now that I've gotten Kohane's seal of approval, I'm gonna make the most of my uniform by wearing it as cutely and freely as I can.
Akito: Freely...? Says the former hall monitor.
Toya: Oh? I don't think it's that odd. I'm actually impressed by how she followed the rules before.
An: See? Toya gets it!
An: Because I was a hall monitor, I know where the lines are in terms of what's okay and not okay. I plan on enjoying my uniform while following the rules.
Kohane: Hehe. Plus, you're on the broadcasting committee now. You'll get to play music by your favorite groups and make your school an even more fun place to be.
An: Yeah, that's right! I can't wait to start doing that!
An: What about you, Kohane? Has the cleanup committee already begun meeting?
Kohane: Yeah, we met just the other day and planted flowers in the flower bed together.
Toya: The cleanup committee's responsible for that at Miya Girls?
Akito: That's the greening committee's job at our school.
Kohane: According to our committee chair, it all started after some students who are alumni now decided to help the school custodian with the flowers.
Kohane: The custodian then suggested that they should choose some flowers to plant since it'd probably make things more fun.
An: Wow, really?!
An: So, what flowers did you guys plant?
Kohane: Marigolds and snapdragons.
An: Oh, great choice! I love marigolds!
An: But I forget what snapdragons look like. Gimme a sec to search them up.
Kohane: No, An, wait...! You might not want to do that...
An: Why?
Kohane: Umm... Because they become kind of scary when they go to seed during the fall...
An: Huh...? S-Scary? What do you mean?
Toya: Oh, I've read about them in a book before. Apparently, their seed pods form holes in a way that makes them look like little skulls...
Akito: Whoa, they do look like skulls... And there's one for every flower. Creepy...
Kohane: Yeah. That's why some people became a little worried when they came up as a candidate...
Kohane: But they spread their seeds in the fall, so we figured that the skulls could work as decorations for Halloween if they were to form at the right time.
Akito: Don't you think these look a little too realistic for that...?
Toya: I agree... They may not be ghosts, but you might want to avoid looking at these, Shiraishi.
An: That only makes me want to look at them even more.
Akito: Then, why not just get it over with? Boo!
An: Whoa...!
An: What's the big idea?! You're gonna make Kohane's kindness all go to waste!
Kohane: An... The flowers themselves are really cute, so I'll show you some photos of them later.
An: Really? Thanks, Kohane!
Kohane: Hehe.
(Black cut)
