769_Kohane Azusawa_R4 Trying To Stay Awake (event_109)

Gacha phrase: It's so late...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Kohane's Room]

Kohane: *Sigh* Another exhausting day...
Kohane: I need to get ready for school tomorrow...
Kohane: But I'm so sleepy... Even after taking a nap in the green room...
Kohane: (No, wake up...!)
Kohane: (I have to get ready for tomorrow and take a bath...!)
Kohane's Mother: Kohane, how are you feeling?
Kohane: Oh, Mom, hi! I'm okay...!
Kohane's Mother: I didn't get a chance to ask you earlier, but did you have dinner already?
Kohane: We did. An's dad took us somewhere on our drive home.
Kohane's Mother: Okay, that's good to hear.
Kohane's Mother: Still, you got home so late today. You look exhausted. You must've traveled quite a distance...
Kohane: No, we just went over to Kanagawa. But our spot in the event lineup was pretty late...
Kohane's Mother: Really? So, how did it go?
Kohane: Good. I think we all did our best and produced some nice results...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: It was a battle event, and just about managed to win. Everyone remembers who we are now.
Kohane: I'm hoping we can keep improving like this...
Kohane: Us. Together...
Kohane's Mother: Hehe... I can tell that you're trying your best, Kohane.
Kohane: Huh?
Kohane's Mother: I mean, you looked very serious just now.
Kohane: Oh...
Kohane: I am...
Kohane: I don't think I'm ever going to find something that I want to do this much for as long as I live.
Kohane: Which is why I want to give it everything I have. Because if I don't, I know I'm going to regret it...
Kohane: I know you're worried about me, Mom, but... I want you to let me do this.
Kohane's Mother: I understand. Seeing that you've found something you can work so hard at really puts a smile on my face.
Kohane's Mother: Yes, you coming home late does worry me and your father... But we know that you'll be fine.
Kohane: Mom...
Kohane's Mother: And your teammates and Shiraishi's dad seem like very responsible people.
Kohane's Mother: As your mother, I find peace in knowing that you're being looked after by them.
Kohane's Mother: So, Kohane, for now, do whatever you feel is best for you.
Kohane: Thanks, I will!
Kohane's Mother: However, please make sure to let me know if you are going to return particularly late.
Kohane: Okay, I'll try to be more careful.
Kohane's Mother: Now, go take your bath. It should be ready now.
Kohane: Oh, okay! I will!
Kohane: (Hehe. I feel a little more awake after talking with Mom.)
Kohane: (I'll take that bath, go to bed...)
Kohane: (And do my best again tomorrow...!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: I'm back! *Sigh* Another day, another exhausting event!
Toya: Yes. I know it was for practice, but going to Shizuoka and back by car wasn't easy...
Akito: In that sense, I'm guessing Ken's the most exhausted out of all of us...
Kohane: Thank you very much for driving us today. We really appreciate it.
Ken: There's no need to thank me. I'm taking you to all these places because I think it's necessary for your training.
Ken: Also, I like going out for long drives.
An: Yeah, that reminds me. Dad, you used to drive us everywhere.
An: I remember going camping in the mountains, doing a barbeque by the beach and a bunch of other stuff. A lot of good times.
Kohane: That sounds like fun. It's always nice to go to those kinds of places to get a breath of fresh air.
Toya: Yes, but where we went today also had that sort of effect. I thought what we saw was very interesting.
Toya: Mount Fuji, tea fields and so much more... I had a lot of fun seeing those things from the car.
Kohane: Seeing those things made me want to go sightseeing.
Kohane: Still, I guess we don't have much time for that right now...
An: Yeah... I mean, it's still fun to talk about what we saw out the car today and stuff!
An: In terms of an actual trip, we can go the next time we get a chance to!
Toya: Yes, I'd like that as well. When we do go, we'll be able to have all the fun we couldn't today.
Kohane: Right!
Kohane: Actually, I was sort of surprised...
An: Huh? By what?
Kohane: I always thought Shizuoka was really far away, but we went there and back in a day.
Akito: Yeah, I get what you mean... It did seem further away for some reason.
Ken: If you've never driven before, those sorts of distances can be hard to judge.
Ken: I'm sure you'll be driving in the future, so you'll have a better idea of it then.
Kohane: M-Me? Driving...?
Kohane: I don't know if I'd be up to it... I'd be too scared of crashing into things...
Ken: You'll become a safe driver after you practice at a driving school.
Toya: How long have you had your license, Ken...?
Ken: I got mine as soon as I could since I've always loved motorcycles...
Ken: The first time I went for a long ride on my motorcycle was so incredible.
Kohane: It was?
Ken: Yeah, traveling that far on my own felt like a huge accomplishment. It was like I'd taken a big step towards becoming an adult.
Ken: So, you can all look forward to experiencing something similar in the future.
Kohane: Okay!
Akito: He's right. Having our own means of transport would mean getting to perform at even more live houses.
Kohane: Right... We can even revisit all those places that gave us a chance!
Toya: I see... And sharing a car would be much simpling than us all riding motorcycles...
An: Yeah, I totally agree. We could even take turns driving to make things easier.
Toya: Unfortunately, none of us are old enough to start getting our licenses yet...
Kohane: Hehe. Then, we should go get them together when we can someday.
An: Hey, great idea! I'd love to do that!
Akito: Me too.
Toya: Slow down, you two... Keep in mind that there's a written test.
An: Nah, Toya, what are you talking about? We totally got this.
Akito: They just ask you common-sense questions, right? It can't be that hard.
Ken: As someone who went through that process myself, I'm telling you that you need to study for it.
Akito: Wait, what...?
Kohane: Ahaha...
Kohane: But it'd be so great if we could drive around and travel to really far off places together someday...
Kohane: We could go to Yokohama, Kyoto and... It'd almost be like a school trip.
An: We could do events all over, and even go camping together again!
Kohane: Oh, we've taken a pretty long break now. Let's get back to practicing!
Akito: Alright, we'll start again from the top while being mindful of what we discussed in the debrief.
An: Okay! I'm all recharged and ready to go whenever!
Kohane: Me too! Let's give it one last good effort!
(Black cut)
