848_Kohane Azusawa_R4 Into An Exciting Future (event_118)

Gacha phrase: We're going to break down this wall!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Alleyway]

Kohane: Wow...! This one's so pretty...!
Luka (VBS): Yes, it is! I don't know which country this is supposed to be from, but I could spend an entire day walking around here!
MEIKO (VBS): Don't forget that we need to head back once it's time, okay?
Luka (VBS): Okay.
Kohane: Hehe. Still...
Kohane: It's interesting how SEKAI can grow by having a new area appear like this...
Luka (VBS): I know, right?! I couldn't believe it when I found out what had happened.
Luka (VBS): But I'm looking forward to exploring this area on my walks.
MEIKO (VBS): *Sigh* That's what you're excited about?
Luka (VBS): Yes, because of how many different countries are represented here. This means I'll get to travel to a new one every day! How amazing is that?!
Kohane: Traveling to different countries... Hehe. That does sound like fun.
Kohane: I would've brought my camera with me if I'd known this area was going to appear...
Luka (VBS): Oh, I bet the pictures you take in these alleyways are going to look like works of art!
MEIKO (VBS): Yes, I agree... There's these yellow bricks, all the graffiti of people... This place has quite a lot to offer.
Luka (VBS): Exactly! It's all so new and fresh! I'm getting drawn to everything I see here!
Luka (VBS): Are there any countries that you'd like to visit, Kohane?
Kohane: Me? Um, well...
Kohane: I've always wanted to go to... Bruges in Belgium!
MEIKO (VBS): Bruges...? Can you tell us what it's like?
Kohane: Uhh... Some people call Bruges an open-air art museum because of how beautiful it is.
Kohane: There are a lot of buildings colored this really pretty red and orange, and they have canals with boats that run underneath them...
Luka (VBS): Heehee. I know about that place♪ It's like something from a fairytale, isn't it?
Kohane: Oh, yes, that's right!
MEIKO (VBS): Really...? If it's that pretty, then I'd also like to see it.
Luka (VBS): Where else would you like to go? I'm sure you have more to tell us!
Kohane: Where else? Umm...
Kohane: Oh. I'd like to visit the United States. After all, that's the home of street music...
Luka (VBS): Of course! You'd get to hear all sorts of fun music there♪
MEIKO (VBS): Now that you mention it, rap originated in New York's South Bronx neighborhood, right? I'd also like to visit there.
Kohane: London would also be nice to visit. It'd be fun to see such a historic city firsthand...
Kohane: Also, that island in Greece where all the buildings are colored white... Santorini! I'd like to go there!
Luka (VBS): Hehe. It sounds like there are quite a few places that you'd like to visit, Kohane.
Kohane: Yes, there are...!
Kohane: Where else...? Oh, I almost forgot!
Kohane: I'd like to see the Amazon rainforest!
Luka (VBS): Huh? The Amazon rainforest?
Kohane: Yes, because it's home to a lot of different snakes! I'd get to see some of Count Pearl's friends and...
Kohane: Oh, I'm sorry... That probably sounded really weird...
Luka (VBS): No, it didn't. Just a little surprising is all!
Luka (VBS): But I'd like to explore there as well. Just think about all the animals we'd get to meet!
MEIKO (VBS): I agree. It'd be a wonderful opportunity for us to make many new friends, including Count Pearl. I hope we get to go in the future.
Kohane: Me too!
Luka (VBS): Anyway, SEKAI Expedition Team, this place may not be as exciting as a rainforest, but we still have plenty left to explore!
Luka (VBS): Lead the way, Captain Kohane! Your orders?
Kohane: Orders?! Uhh...
Kohane: Then... L-Let's head out and keep exploring SEKAI!
Luka (VBS): Yes, ma'am!
MEIKO (VBS): Oh, you...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A]

Geography Teacher: Okay, please break into your groups.
Geography Teacher: As I mentioned earlier, each group will select a country to research and produce a summary of information.
Kohane: Okay!
Classmate A: Alright, which country should we pick?
Classmate B: Hmm... None really stick out in my mind... I kinda want a second to look at the books.
Kohane: Then, let's take a minute to do that. We can make a decision once we've had time to read more.
Classmate B: Okay! Let's all talk in a bit!
Kohane: (Okay, which country would be good? France and the UK seem nice, but...)
Kohane: (Oh, this street has a huge graffiti mural! It...looks a lot like that one we saw in SEKAI.)
Kohane: (Hehe. It almost feels like I've been there before.)
Kohane: (Where is this place? Let's see...)
Kohane: (Los Angeles... So, this is in the United States?)
Kohane: (Oh, speaking of the US...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Taiga: I was just recently asked to do a US tour... And I plan to accept their offer.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: (Taiga...)
Kohane: (I wonder if he's going to perform in Los Angeles during his US tour...)
Kohane: (That day, at the airport... We told him that we'd surpass RAD WEEKEND...)
Kohane: (We started performing at all these different events, visiting new places and battling against really tough opponents...)
Kohane: (Which taught us one thing...)
Kohane: (We're nowhere near catching up to Taiga yet.)
Kohane: (No matter how good the teams we've faced have been... None of them have sung in a way that sends shivers down our spine. Not like him...)
Kohane: (It's clear that we've gradually gotten better compared to before. We've been practicing a ton and performing in so many events.)
Kohane: (Still, I can't help but wonder what things are like from Taiga's point of view...)
Kohane: (He probably sees things completely differently compared to us...)
Kohane: (I mean...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: (He knows what it's like on the other side of that wall.)
Kohane: (No, not just that. He's gone far beyond that.)
Kohane: (That's how far we are from him.)
Kohane: (But...)
Kohane: (We...)
Kohane: (We've made our decision. We're going to surpass RAD WEEKEND and see what's beyond that wall.)
Kohane: (We're going to see what Taiga hasn't. What Nagi didn't get a chance to...)
Kohane: (And in order to accomplish that...we first have to get to where Taiga is.)
Kohane: (I have no idea how much singing that's going to involve...)
Kohane: (But... It doesn't matter how wide the skill gap is.)
Kohane: (Because that frustration I felt that day... It's what keeps me moving forward.)
Kohane: (As long as I have this pain, it will continue to fuel me...)
Kohane: (I know it will. I'm going to go so much further than I ever have...!)
Kohane: (So...)
Kohane: (So, for now... I'm going to embrace this pain.)
Kohane: (And we're going to surpass RAD WEEKEND!)
(Black cut)
