861_Kohane Azusawa_R4 Getting Her The Best Chocolate (event_120)

Gacha phrase: I'm gonna do my absolute best for this contest...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

[Scramble Crossing]

Haruka: The weather's so nice today and there's hardly any wind. It's the perfect day for a photo shoot.
Kohane: Yeah, I can't wait to get started!
Kohane: (Aoyagi did an amazing job with his makeup. So now it's my turn to step up.)
Kohane: (I'm going to do my best and win those chocolates by Couleur Chocolat for An!)
Toya: By the way, Azusawa, are we going to pass through Vivid Street on our way over?
Kohane: Yeah, I thought it'd be a nice shortcut...
Kohane: Oh, wait... I guess you wouldn't want anyone we know to see you wearing makeup, huh?
Toya: No, that's not really a problem...
Toya: I'm more worried about everyone Shiraishi knows. It's hard to say which of them knows about this photo contest.
Kohane: Now that you mention it, An is friends with that freelance photographer.
Kohane: Which means we need to be careful about where we go...
Haruka: Then, let's just go through Main Street.
Kohane: Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Kohane: The location for our shoot's just around that corner.
Haruka: Which means we'll be starting soon.
Toya: Yes, and I'll need to do my best as a mod—
Toya: Oh...
Kohane: Aoyagi? Our turn's further up ahead, not here...
Toya: Yes, I know. But...
Toya: I think I see Shiraishi up ahead.
Kohane & Haruka: What?! Huh?
Kohane: Y-You're right! She's coming from that direction!
Haruka: We're headed straight for each other.
Kohane: Yeah... Wait, my camera! I can't let her see it! Let me just put it back in my bag and...
Toya: I'll hide behind those vending machines until she passes us. Can you two handle the talking?
Haruka: Okay.
Kohane: Wh-What do we say to her...?
Haruka: Just keep things simple and follow my lead.
Kohane: Huh...?
An: I knew it! That person I saw looked way too much like you, Kohane!
Kohane: Uhh... H-Hi, An.
An: Wait, you're with Haruka? Kinda rare to see you two together.
Haruka: Oh, I was just asking her for some advice regarding what chocolates I should give the others in my group.
An: Hmm...
An: By the way, was Toya also with you...?
Kohane: Huh?! What makes you say that...?
An: He was the first one I saw actually. I could've sworn he was standing here a second ago.
Haruka: He's your guys' teammate, right...? I didn't notice since I was enjoying our conversation so much.
Haruka: Right, Kohane?
Kohane: Y-Yeah...!
An: Oh? Then, I guess it was just my imagination...
Haruka: By the way, An, what brings you here? Doing some shopping?
An: Heehee. Yeah, kinda...!
An: Get ready to have your mind blown, Kohane!
Kohane: Huh?
An: Bye, you two! Have fun shopping!
Haruka: Looks like she bought it...
Kohane: Yeah. Thank goodness...
Toya: I'm sorry about that. I didn't think avoiding Vivid Street would lead to this.
Kohane: No, that's okay.
Haruka: If anything, we should consider ourselves lucky.
Haruka: Running into An here means there's less of a chance of us bumping into her somewhere else.
Toya: Yes, you have a point. Thank you for taking care of that.
Kohane: Still, Haruka, it was incredible how you were able to keep your cool. I was so nervous that I thought she'd see that something was up.
Haruka: I think that just comes from how I've been taught to expect the unexpected when doing shoots and live programs.
Toya: But that's still very impressive.
Haruka: Hehe. It's just a matter of experience.
Haruka: Anyway, let's head over so we can start shooting. Lead the way, Kohane.
Kohane: Right! It's this way!
Kohane: (Haruka's so reliable.)
Kohane: (I'm so glad that we have her on our side for this!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Toya: Hello.
MEIKO (VBS): Welcome, Toya.
Kohane: Aoyagi, over here!
Kohane: Sorry about making you come over to SEKAI.
Toya: That's okay. More importantly, about why I'm here...
Kohane: I wanted to give you this.
Toya: This looks like... A gift box?
Kohane: It's some coffee and Baumkuchen.
Kohane: I wanted to thank you for being such a wonderful model. KAITO and Luka as well for giving us advice.
KAITO (VBS): Is this why you asked us all to gather?
Kohane: Yes.
Kohane: Our last photo turned out the way it did because of all your help. And I got to give An those yummy chocolates.
Kohane: So, thank you all very much!
Toya: I also need to thank you for inviting me to model for you since it's not something I get to do every day.
Luka (VBS): And I just went to see what you were doing, so there's no need to thank me.
KAITO (VBS): I mean, are you sure we can have these? You already gave us those delicious chocolates... I'm starting to feel spoiled.
Luka (VBS): Cut it out, KAITO. I know you want them!
KAITO (VBS): Hey, she doesn't need to know that.
MEIKO (VBS): Why don't I brew this coffee up for all of you?
Toya: You'd do that? Then, I'd like a cup please.
Luka (VBS): Can you also slice up this Baumkuchen for us?
MEIKO (VBS): Alright, fine. Kohane, can you bring it over here?
Kohane: Of course!
Luka (VBS): Even slices, MEIKO! No, scratch that. I guess Toya deserves a slightly bigger one.
KAITO (VBS): After all, we get to have this delicious treat because of his hard work!
Toya: To be fair, Luka's the one who first suggested that I be the model. I think she deserves a bigger slice.
Luka (VBS): Oh, that's right! One big slice for me, MEIKO♪ Please and thanks!
KAITO (VBS): Hey, that's not fair!
Kohane: Hehe.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Kohane: Pardon me...
Minori: Kohane, over here!
Kohane: Sorry for taking time out of your lunch break like this.
Haruka: You don't have to apologize. Our plan for today was just to have a nice, relaxing lunch.
Haruka: Anyway, you wanted to give me something?
Kohane: Hehe. These! Enjoy!
Haruka: An assortment of low-sugar cream puffs...?
Kohane: It's a gift for helping me with the photo contest...
Kohane: Thank you so much for everything you did! You won't believe how happy An was.
Haruka: Hehe. You're welcome. I'm glad that I was able to help.
Minori: Oh, Kohane, can you tell me more about this photo contest you guys were in?
Minori: Haruka told me about your guys' shoot, but I still haven't heard about what happened when you gave those chocolates to An!
Kohane: Yeah, sure!
Haruka: I'd like to hear about the chocolates she gave you, Kohane.
Haruka: When we ran into her on Main Street, she was out shopping for your gift, right?
Kohane: Oh, yes, as it turns out. Did she already tell you, Haruka?
Haruka: Yeah, we messaged each other.
Kohane: Then, I'll talk about both! But before I do...
Kohane: Minori, I actually have cream puffs for you and me too. Why don't we have some while we talk?
Minori: Wait, you got me some too?!
Minori: Thank you so much, Kohane...! I promise to savor every bite!!
Kohane: You're welcome!
Haruka: Then...
Kohane, Minori & Haruka: Let's eat!
(Black cut)
