894_Kohane Azusawa_R2 I'll Tell You Lots! (event_125)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Kohane: Let's see... Where do I begin...?
Kohane: I don't really know where to start. There's just so much that I've thought, felt and experienced until now.
Toya: Yes, I understand.
Toya: So, why don't you start by telling me about what you felt when you decided to start singing...?
Kohane: Oh, okay...! That seems like a good starting point.
Kohane: So, I decided to start singing after seeing An perform at Weekend Garage.
(Black cut)
Kohane: Phew... I think that's about everything.
Kohane: It's amazing to see just how much happened after I decided to start singing.
Kohane: Learning how to perform live in front of an audience was one thing, but I forgot how my parents were initially worried about my safety...
An: Yeah, I forgot about that too.
Toya: Didn't we invite them to an event in order to get them to see what street music is really about...?
Kohane: Yeah, I wanted them to understand that there was nothing dangerous about what I was doing or where I was going.
Kohane: Which is why I was so happy when my dad came to see us perform. Although, hearing him shout my name was a little embarrassing.
An: Yeah, and we all introduced ourselves to him afterwards. Remember what happened with Akito when we did?
Toya: Akito was so polite that her dad thought he was much older than the rest of us.
An: Yeah! That was so funny.
Akito: Geez... You guys don't need to remember stuff like that.
Kohane: Hehe. Still, I'm really glad that my parents became more comfortable with what I was doing.
Toya: Yes, I was also a little worried, but it's good that everything worked out in the end.
Toya: That being said, Azusawa, your dad seems like a very kind person.
Kohane: Huh? Y-You think so...? Thanks.
Kohane: He does show his kindness in a lot of ways. Like teaching me about photography and buying me cakes from the store.
Kohane: But he does also worry a lot sometimes...
An: And he has every right to worry! I mean, if I had a daughter as cute as you, I wouldn't want anything happening to her!
An: It's also proof that the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. You both seem nice and polite on the outside...
An: But you don't hold back when push comes to shove...!
Kohane: What?
Kohane: (I-I'm like him...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kohane's Father: Honey, look! Count Pearl just shed his skin! Isn't it beautiful...? We should order some sushi to celebrate!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kohane's Father: Stop right there, Kohane! Let me take a photo of you...!
Kohane's Father: Okay, got it! See how it looks like Phenny is sitting on top of your shoulder? How cute it that...?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: Are we really that alike...?
An: Huh? No, I'm sorry! I take that back...!
Kohane: What? No, I don't dislike the thought! It just sort of makes a lot of different emotions stir inside of me...
Kohane: But more than anything, I think I feel happy because I've always somewhat wanted to grow up to be like my dad...
An: Really?
Kohane: Yeah. My dad always gets really excited whenever he talks about photography or Count Pearl... So excited that he forgets about everything else that's happening.
Kohane: But I've always envied how he's so passionate about certain things.
Toya: I see... So you've always admired the way he lives his life and looked up to him in that respect.
Kohane: Yeah!
An: Hehe. You really have a great dad.
An: Actually, Kohane, you're also a lot like your mom...
Kohane: What?
Toya: She is?
An: Yeah! For one, you're both really cute!
An: When you showed me that picture of her the other day, I thought you were both just too adorable!
Kohane: S-Stop it, An...
Kohane: Still, my mom would really enjoy hearing you say that—
Akito: Hey, I thought we were here to talk about our feelings and stuff.
Kohane & An: Oh.
Kohane: Umm... Sorry, Aoyagi. I'm guessing none of that really helps...
Toya: No, that's not true.
Toya: As I mentioned a little earlier, I want to do everything in my power to understand everyone's thoughts and feelings.
Toya: So, anything regarding your upbringing, your family and those around you are valuable pieces of information to me.
Toya: If possible, I'd like you to tell me more.
Kohane: Okay... Thanks, Aoyagi.
Kohane: Then, I'll tell you more about my family.
Kohane: Let's see... What haven't I mentioned?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Live House]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ken: Today's event takes place at a live house in the city.
Ken: It's one of the most famous venues in the country, so the people who perform there are the best of the best.
Ken: Which means you'll probably recognize some of today's participants. That all being said, you guys have what it takes to go up against them now. So go show them what you've got!
Everyone: We will!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: (This really is an event for the best of the best. But we're doing just fine.)
Kohane: (We have what it takes now! We just gotta show them what we're made of!!!)
Kohane: ♪——————!!!
???: Kohane!!!
Kohane: (Huh...? That sounded like...)
Kohane: (D-Dad...?!)
Kohane: (Wh-What's he doing here...? No, wait! I need to stay focused!)
Kohane: ♪——————!!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Thirty minutes later]

[Backstage]

Kohane: Uhh...
An: Kohane, there you are! Did you get to see your dad?
Kohane: Yeah, uhh... Actually...
Kohane's Father: Hello, I'm Kohane's father.
An, Akito & Toya: What?! Huh? You're...
Kotaro: Azusawa's...?!
Kohane: So... My dad insisted that he wanted to greet all of you and...
Kohane's Father: Long time no see, Shiraishi, Shinonome, Aoyagi. Thank you for always looking after Kohane.
An: No, uhh...! It's always our pleasure!
Akito: Sorry for making you find us like this. We should've been the ones looking for you.
Kohane's Father: No, I couldn't ask that of you all! I know you must be tired... I mean, what a performance!
Toya: Thank you very much. We're glad to hear that you enjoyed everything.
Kohane's Father: You also put on quite a performance! Bravo!
Kotaro: Th-Thank you very much!
Ken: Ah, Azusawa, I didn't realize you were here.
Kohane's Father: Oh, Shiraishi... Sorry for dropping in all of a sudden. I got the afternoon off from work and just happened to be nearby, so...
Ken: I see. Thank you for coming.
Kohane: Your dad and my dad are just talking, An, but it feels so weird for some reason...
An: I know what you mean... I'm starting to get really anxious.
Akito: Yeah, that's pretty understandable... I mean, you never know what your parents are gonna say...
Kohane: You never know... Please don't say anything weird, Dad...
Toya: I know how you feel, Azusawa, but I wouldn't worry too much. I'm sure he isn't going to embarrass you in any way...
(Black cut)

[Ten minutes later]

Kohane's Father: Anyway, thank you again for keeping an eye on her today.
Ken: Of course. Also, please stop by again if you get the chance.
Ken: We can do our debrief later, so why don't you see your dad out first?
Kohane: O-Okay...! In that case, I'll be right back!
An: See you in a bit, Kohane!
Kohane: *Nod*
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Live House)
Kohane: Dad, why didn't you tell me that you were coming today...?!
Kohane's Father: I had a feeling you'd say that. I couldn't help but come and I really just happened to be nearby.
Kohane: Please give me a little more warning next time since I can probably get a ticket ready for you.
Kohane's Father: I'll do that. Still...
Kohane's Father: Today's event was really something else. The audience cheered so loudly that it made my ears hurt...
Kohane's Father: I even ended up shouting, “Kohane!” It's been so long since I yelled at the top of my lungs like that.
Kohane: Yeah, umm... I heard you, Dad.
Kohane's Father: But I'm glad you're doing what you love.
Kohane: Huh?
Kohane's Father: Shiraishi told me just now... It's wonderful to see you chasing after your dream like this.
Kohane's Father: And you were so cool today! It must've felt incredible to sing like that.
Kohane: Dad...
Kohane: *Nod* Thanks...
Kohane's Father: Anyway, thanks for seeing me out.
Kohane: Okay, then...
Kohane: Dad, before you go...!
Kohane's Father: Hm? Yes?
Kohane: Uhh... There's something I've been meaning to tell you.
Kohane: Thank you for allowing me to continue singing and giving me so much support.
Kohane: I know I'm causing you and Mom a lot of concern, but I really appreciate you letting me chase after my dream like this...
Kohane: I'm able to focus on that every day, which is hard sometimes... But really fun.
Kohane: So, thank you.
Kohane's Father: Of course.
Kohane's Father: Keep doing your best, Kohane! I'll keep giving you all the support I can!
Kohane: Thanks!
(Black cut)
