916_Kohane Azusawa_R4 Accepting It All (event_129)

Gacha phrase: You really are amazing, An.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

[Weekend Garage]

Kohane: Hehe... I'll need to do my best again today.
Akito: Hm? Oh, Kohane, you're here pretty early.
Kohane: Hi, Shinonome! I didn't realize you were already here.
Akito: Yeah, I was just having a quick practice with Ken.
Akito: By the way... You seem to be in an oddly good mood.
Kohane: Huh? Y-You think so?
Ken: Yes, it certainly seems that way at first glance. Did something good happen?
Kohane: Y-Yes... I ran into the owner of Crawl Green just now and...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[Several dozen minutes earlier]

[Scramble Crossing]

Kohane: (I left early in order to get in some practice this morning, but I got here a lot earlier than I was expecting...)
Kohane: (I know I shouldn't impose, but I'll see if I can use Weekend Garage...)
Kohane: (Shinonome and Aoyagi both did their parts, so I want to make sure their efforts don't go to waste...!)
Owner of Crawl Green: Hm? You're...
Kohane: Huh?
Kohane: Oh...! You're the owner of Crawl Green!
Owner of Crawl Green: I wasn't expecting to run into you here.
Kohane: Yes, me neither. Umm, it's been a little while.
Owner of Crawl Green: Yes, it has. But more importantly...
Owner of Crawl Green: Would you mind telling Shinonome that he put on a very nice performance the other day?
Kohane: ...!
Owner of Crawl Green: He really lit up the place that day. It's hard to believe that he'd improved so much after not seeing him for a little while...
Owner of Crawl Green: Your team just keeps finding new ways to surprise everyone.
Kohane: Thank you for saying that.
Kohane: But... We've got even bigger surprises in store!
Owner of Crawl Green: Oh...?
Kohane: We've made the commitment to surpass RAD WEEKEND, and we're practicing accordingly.
Kohane: So, just wait...
Owner of Crawl Green: I see. That's good to hear.
Owner of Crawl Green: I'm so glad An chose you to be her partner.
Kohane: Huh?
Owner of Crawl Green: I know we're not in any position to be saying this, but we've always seen her as family...
Kohane: As family...?
Owner of Crawl Green: When she was struggling to find a suitable partner, I kept hoping that someone good would eventually come along.
Owner of Crawl Green: Which is why I'm glad you appeared. You're strong, honest, an incredible singer and a pillar of support for An as she chases her dream.
Owner of Crawl Green: So, Azusawa, thank you for becoming her partner.
Kohane: Oh... U-Umm...
Kohane: (What do I say...? I wasn't expecting to hear such kind words...)
Kohane: (I wasn't expecting to... But I feel so happy...)
Kohane: I-I'm...
Kohane: I'm also glad that I got to become An's partner.
Kohane: Meeting An led to me having my own dream to pursue. It also allowed me to meet everyone on Vivid Street.
Kohane: So, I really can't thank her enough...
Owner of Crawl Green: That's wonderful to hear.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: You and the owner talked about all that?
Kohane: Yeah. Being thanked like that caught me off guard a little, but it also made me really happy.
Ken: To be fair, I understand how he feels.
Ken: Before meeting you, An had to endure quite a lot in her search for a good partner...
Akito: Right. She was so talented that she could show up most other teams all on her own.
Kohane: I see... Which means she's always been really amazing at what she does.
Ken: However, as a result, she ended up struggling to find a compatible partner...
Ken: She struggled so much that all the locals began helping her look for one. They'd tip her off about any good singers they heard about.
Ken: I can't lie. After a while, it started feeling like we were looking for her future spouse.
Kohane: Hehe. I can see how it'd turn into that.
Kohane: (She searched all over the place for a suitable partner, and she ended up choosing me...)
Kohane: (Plus, all the locals have started saying that they're glad she did.)
Kohane: (So, I need to keep doing my best...)
Kohane: (And show that I'm proud to be An's partner...!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

Kohane: ♪————!! ————!!
Kohane: Huff... Huff...
Kohane: (I'm doing a little better compared to before...)
Kohane: (But this still isn't enough...!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: ♪————————!!!!
Kohane: Oh...!
Kohane: (My heart...)
Kohane: (It's beating so fast.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: (I'm still nowhere near the level An reached that time.)
Kohane: (I want to get better.)
Kohane: (In order to surpass RAD WEEKEND. And to win next time...)
Kohane: Oh, hello, EVER.
Tatsuya: Hey. Wait, Azusawa, are you practicing all on your own? You really are a hard worker.
Kohane: No, I'm just... Actually, I could say the same for all of you.
Tatsuya: No rest for the wicked. After all, we need to make up for a bunch of lost time.
Tatsuya: Oh, also. There's something I've been meaning to tell you.
Tatsuya: That battle you had against Shiraishi. The way you two performed. It really shook us to the core.
Kohane: Th-Thank you. I'm glad to hear that.
Kohane: To be honest, I don't like the fact that I ended up losing to her...
Kohane: But I think it's good that I have another thing to feel frustrated about...
Tatsuya: Another thing to feel frustrated about...?
Tatsuya: What do you mean...?
Kohane: Oh, so...
Kohane: Frustration has the ability to help you move forward.
EVER Member A: Huh?
Kohane: When we lost to Taiga that time, I was overcome with frustration...
Kohane: It's probably strange for me to say that since he's someone who performs all over the world. I know that...
Kohane: Even so, I couldn't help but feel that way...
Kohane: Then, this person who's been supporting us told me something.
Kohane: That I'm frustrated because singing has become part of my identity.
Kohane: And that what I'm feeling will help me move forward.
EVER Member A: ...!
EVER Member B: It can help you move forward...?
Kohane: Yes.
Kohane: I'm frustrated about losing to An. But I'm also glad I feel that way.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: As An and I keep singing, I'm sure I'm going to be faced with more frustration and despair...
Kohane: But I think I'll be driven to reach greater heights every time I feel those things...
Kohane: Which is why I want to keep growing and getting better with An moving forward.
Tatsuya: I think that's why your singing hits us so hard.
Kohane: What?
EVER Member B: We lost the will to continue after being completely clobbered by Taiga...
Tatsuya: But you've been able to turn that experience into fuel.
Tatsuya: You tossed aside any doubt or fear you felt, and embraced the frustration you felt. All in order to keep getting better...
Tatsuya: You and your team really are something else. You guys are amazing performers, but your sheer will to continue chasing after your dream is beyond inspirational.
Tatsuya: You and Shiraishi really opened our eyes. We promise to stop holding you guys back!
Kohane: What?! No, you never held us back...! I mean, I still have a lot to learn...
Kohane: I keep losing and finding myself chasing after all these different people. So...
Kohane: Let's do our best together!
Tatsuya: Thanks. Let's do our best!
(Black cut)
