951_Kohane Azusawa_R4 A Heart-Pounding World (event_135)

Gacha phrase: It's so dazzling... My heart is pounding...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa)

[COL]

Kohane: Huff... Huff...
RUST Member A: Argh! Darn it!
GLaP day Member A: Yes, I win this round.
Kohane: (Everyone from GLaP day's so good... No matter how many times I try, I still can't beat any of them...)
Kohane: (At this rate, will I even be able to...?)
Kohane: (No, I don't have time to be worrying right now. As hard as this all is, I have to find a way to win...!)
GLaP day Member A: You must be exhausted, Kohane. Why don't we take a break?
Kohane: Huh? O-Oh, okay!
GLaP day Member A: Haha. I know you already want to battle again, but you'll lose your voice if you push yourself too hard.
Kohane: Yes, you're right... Then, let's take a quick break.
RUST Member A: Still, it can't be easy juggling this with being a student. I mean, you had school earlier today, right?
RUST Member B: She did dash over to come train right after classes too. You probably don't have much free time, huh?
Kohane: Oh, um... No, I don't.
Kohane: But I'm sure all of you experienced the same thing. I heard that you also formed your teams when you were still in school...
RUST Member A: Yeah, true. We always got together right after school got out and sang until we went blue.
RUST Member A: And the teachers kept coming after us about taking supplementary classes. They kept saying, “You're going to be held back if you don't show up for them!”
Kohane: R-Really? I had no idea...
Kohane: (Held back... Come to think of it, some of us went through something similar...)
Kohane: (I'm so glad that we were all able to become second-years together.)
GLaP day Member A: How's life as a student, Kohane?
Kohane: Huh? Me? Umm...
Kohane: Lately, we practice every morning before school starts.
Kohane: And after school, we travel to different venues or stay around here to practice. Then we practice again at night at Weekend Garage.
RUST Member A: Hmm, that wasn't what I was expecting to hear.
Kohane: Huh...?
RUST Member A: I was just expecting to hear that you've been hanging out with friends and stuff since you are still a student...
Kohane: Oh, so... My friends have also been really busy, so we haven't been able to hang out much.
Kohane: Some are hard at work as idols, some are debuting as a professional band...
RUST Member B: Wow, credit where credit's due. Kids these days are so mature at such a young age...
Kohane: Yes, they're all really hard workers...! And seeing them do that makes me want to do the same.
Kohane: Which is why I've been practicing on my own as much as I can!
RUST Member A: I see. When you put it that way, you sorta fall into our category.
Kohane: Huh?
RUST Member A: You love singing more than anything.
Kohane: More than anything...?
Owner of COL: Well, that much is obvious. She wouldn't be here if she were some run-of-the-mill singer.
Kohane: (Yeah, I'm not exactly what you'd call normal, am I?)
Kohane: (I haven't really given it much thought since I've been practicing after school ever since I formed a team with An and the others...)
Kohane: (In retrospect, all I really have been doing is singing.)
Kohane: (But...)
RUST Member A: Still, not being a normal student is pretty fun, am I right?
Kohane: Oh...
Kohane: Yes! Singing nonstop has been really fun!
Owner of COL: Hehe. I see.
RUST Member A: That's what we like to hear! Otherwise, you can't really call yourself a singer!
GLaP day Member A: Anyway, wanna get back to practicing?
Kohane: Oh, right. Before I cool down too much...
Kohane: So, let's resume!
GLaP day Member A: Okay, we're ready whenever.
Kohane: (I'm going to keep not being a normal student. I'm going to keep practicing and singing like there's no tomorrow...)
Kohane: (I'm going to keep taking everything I experience and channel it all into my music!)
Kohane: (I'm going to propel myself forward and help make our dream come true!)
Kohane: Here I go!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Cemetery]

An: Alright, I think we're just about finished here, so let's start heading back!
Arata: Sounds good. No one forgot anything, right?
Kotaro: Wait, sorry! Gimme a second to go put back the ladle and bucket!
An: Okay, go for it!
Kohane: (I'm so glad that we got to come here today.)
Kohane: (Nagi...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kohane: Huff... Huff... Huff...
RUST Member A: You sounded pretty amazing, but this first bout's a loss for you.
Kohane: Yes...
(White cut)
RUST Member A: That makes twelve in total. You have to defeat us one at a time.
Kohane: A-All twelve of you...?!
Kohane: (What...?)
Kohane: (They're better than the others...? But there are so many of them...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: (When I was battling against everyone from RUST and GLaP day...)
Kohane: (I realized that you and your team constantly competed with these really amazing singers and won, Nagi.)
Kohane: (And each day, I was given a brutal reminder of just how incredible you were.)
Kohane: (But because of everything you accomplished, I'm now able to say...)
Kohane: Thank you.
An: Huh?
Kohane: Huh? Oh, did I just say that out loud?!
Toya: Yes, who were you thanking?
Kohane: Um, I was just thinking...
Kohane: How Nagi, An's dad and Taiga spent every day on Vivid Street competing against RUST, GLaP day... All these really amazing singers...
Kohane: And how their accomplishments led us to where we are now.
Akito: They led us...?
Toya: I see. I think I know what you mean, Azusawa.
Toya: The bigger your hero's feats, the more likely it is that you'll have trouble surpassing them... But the sense of accomplishment you feel when you do is unmatchable.
Kohane: Exactly. And I feel like we were able to reach the zenith of that night because Nagi paved the way first.
Kohane: Which is why I felt the need to thank her.
Akito: And you couldn't help but say it out loud?
An: Hehe. It's so like you to do that, Kohane!
Kohane: It is...?
An: Yeah. You're honest, hard-working... And you treasure every moment you've experienced, don't you?
An: You're the kind of person Aunt Nagi loved the most. I'm sure she's smiling at you from up above right now!
Soma: Haha. Yeah! She did have that kind of personality.
Kohane: Sh-She did...?
Arata: Haha. Maybe she and An would've even fought over you.
An: What? Me and Aunt Nagi fighting over Kohane...?
An: No, even if she groveled and begged, I'd never let her have Kohane...!
Akito: Okay?
Tatsuya: You're so popular, Azusawa.
Kohane: U-Uhh... Haha...
Kohane: That being said...
Kohane: I'm still your partner no matter what, An.
An: Huh?
Kohane: You taught me that I could feel this incredible kind of excitement.
Kohane: I had nothing going on in my life... But now I have something I really love doing and have a better understanding of my ego.
Kohane: Nagi showed us the path, but you've been walking with me every step of the way, An.
Kohane: Also, I...
Kohane: I can confidently say now that no singer other than me is worthy of performing by your side!
An: Kohane...
Kohane: I want to keep feeling that way and being able to say that... I think...?
Akito: Why'd you add that qualifier at the end?
Arata: Humility is a virtue, is it not...?
An: Just one reason why Kohane's the best partner ever!
An: You saying that makes me so happy. So, let's keep doing our best together! Partner!
Kohane: *Nod*
Kotaro: Hey, you guys! I put the ladle and bucket back!
An: Oh, you're back! Then, let's head out.
Tatsuya: Still, Azusawa, you've become so dependable.
Arata: Yes, I agree. We'll need to do our best to make similar strides.
Kohane: Th-Thank you...! We also plan to keep doing our best.
An: See, Aunt Nagi? Isn't she just the best partner ever?
(Black cut)
