1017_Kohane Azusawa_R4 To Be Worthy (event_146)

Gacha phrase: That's such a great thing to hear!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

Young Vivid Street Locals: Uhh... We'll keep rooting for you and your team moving forward, Azusawa!
Young Vivid Street Locals: And thank you so much for letting us shake hands with you. We really appreciate it...!
Kohane: Thank you as well! Anyway... Let's all keep doing our best.
Young Vivid Street Locals: Let's...!
Kohane: Phew...
Kohane: (It really is nice to have people show their support for us like this.)
Toya: Nice work, Azusawa.
Toya: You seem to have gotten a little more used to talking to your fans.
Kohane: Y-You think so...? I still feel pretty nervous when it happens, and I never really know what to say...
Kohane: But I guess I have gotten more used to doing this compared to before.
Kotaro: Oh, that's right. You seemed so overwhelmed in the beginning.
Kotaro: Or rather, you kept freezing up.
Kohane: H-Haha... I did...
Kohane: I was so startled the very first time when that girl came up to talk to me.
Kohane: (That time...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Kotaro: Here's your usual cafe au lait.
Kohane: Thank you, I really appreciate it.
Kotaro: I'm not seeing any of the others... Are you by yourself today, Azusawa?
Kohane: The others said that homeroom is taking a little longer than expected. But they should be here soon...
Kotaro: Okay. In the meantime, make yourself at home!
Young Vivid Street Local: U-Umm... Pardon me!
Kohane: Huh?
Young Vivid Street Local: Umm... So...
Kotaro: Oh, sorry about that. Are you waiting to order? I'll be over in just a second.
Young Vivid Street Local: Oh, no... It's just...
Young Vivid Street Local: Apologies if I'm mistaken, but are you Azusawa from Vivid BAD SQUAD...?
Kohane: Huh? Y-Yes, that's me...
Young Vivid Street Local: I knew it...! U-Umm...!
Young Vivid Street Local: I'm actually a huge fan of yours...!
Kohane: What...?
Kohane: M-Me...?!
Kohane: Umm... I...
Kohane: (Wh-What do I do...?! Sh-She's my fan? And she wants to talk to me...?)
Kohane: (What am I supposed to do in this—)
Young Vivid Street Local: I... I haven't been able to get your performance out of my head after seeing you at RAD BLAST! And...!
Young Vivid Street Local: And... Uhh... Wh-What was I going to say...?!
Young Vivid Street Local: There was so much that I was going to tell you, but I've forgotten most of it...!
Kohane: U-Uhh... That's okay!
Kohane: You... You made it clear how inspired you feel...!
Young Vivid Street Local: *Sob* I wish I could tell you more eloquently...
Young Vivid Street Local: But I promise to keep supporting you and your team...!
Kohane: Thank you...! I really appreciate it!
Kotaro: Geez... Talk about tense.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Kohane: That time, I really wasn't expecting anyone to come up to me and tell me that they're a fan of mine.
Kotaro: Yeah, I got that. I mean, you two really didn't know what to say to each other.
Kotaro: Compared to then, you've improved a lot.
Toya: Yes, I stand to learn quite a bit from your example.
Kohane: N-No, you're giving me too much credit...! I really wish I could interact with people the way An and Shinonome do since I still get nervous each time this happens.
Kohane: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Young Vivid Street Local: I... I haven't been able to get your performance out of my head after seeing you at RAD BLAST! And...!
(White cut)
Young Vivid Street Locals: We're still really terrible... But we're going to do our best as a team in order to become amazing singers like you guys...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Kohane: (I really couldn't be happier that people are coming up to us to show their support...)
Kohane: (Which means I need to keep doing my best in order to not disappoint them!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Shopping Mall]

Kohane: I'm so glad that we were able to find the vocab workbook you wanted.
An: Me too! So many words that I don't know keep coming up during our English lessons. Also, I've been looking for something portable since we'll be going to the US soon!
An: And thanks for helping me find this even though we just had practice, Kohane.
Kohane: No, that's okay since there were a few study guides which I've been meaning to flip through. So, I'm glad that we got to come here together.
Kohane: Anyway, let's keep doing our best to become better at English!
An: Yeah!
Kohane: Oh...
An: Hm? What's up?
Kohane: I didn't notice that they had a travel goods display set up over there...
An: Hey, look at that. They've got suitcases and all sorts of other stuff.
Kohane: We have some time, An, so why don't we go check it out?
An: Huh?
Kohane: We're going over to visit the US soon, right? I was thinking that I should buy anything that I think I'll need right now.
An: Good point. In that case, I'll do the same. So, let's go!
(Black cut)

[Travel Goods Display]

Kohane: Wow, look at all the different things they have here...! Oh, I think these are for when you're on an airplane.
An: Yeah, looks like it. Hey, they've even got neck pillows! Wanna try one on?
Kohane: Uh, sure. Let's see... Like this?
Kohane: Oh, this does support my head and neck nicely...
An: Yeah, but I feel like I won't need anything like this to fall asleep... Do you think we should buy these?
Kohane: I've heard that having one can help a lot for those really long flights.
An: Really?! Then, I might get one if they have one with a good design.
An: Oh, check it out! They've even got some cute sleep masks. Look, this one's a sheep's face.
Kohane: All the sleep masks over here seem to be a part of an animal-themed line.
An: They've got so many. Let's see... Sheep, dogs, cats, rabbits, bears...
An: Wait, they even have koalas?! And they have different breeds of dogs... I feel like they went a little overboard...
Kohane: Hehe. I feel like this dog would suit you well, An.
An: Oh, you think so?
Kohane: Yeah, because it looks so cute and full of energy.
An: No, don't tempt me by saying things like that!
An: Alright, how about Akito and Toya? Which animals would you pick for them?
Kohane: Huh? Hmm... Well...
Kohane: A panda for Aoyagi, and a cat for Shinonome...?
An: Yeah, good choices...
An: A cat is particularly good for whenever Akito's pretending to be all kind and polite!
Kohane: What?! N-No, I didn't mean to...
An: Haha! I know!
Kohane: An, you meanie...
(Black cut)
An: Anyway... This looks like the travel pouch section.
Kohane: Oh, this one looks useful. It has so many little pockets inside...
An: Look at that. I could keep my passport and other valuables in here.
An: My dad said that it's always nice to have something like this handy... So, I think I'll buy one.
Kohane: Yeah, me too. This does feel like an essential...
An: Then, wanna buy matching pouches? That'd definitely make things more exciting for me!
Kohane: Wait, are you sure?
An: Yeah, I want us to have matching ones! So, let's take these up front!
Kohane: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Kohane: Thanks for today, An.
An: No, I should be thanking you for going over to the bookstore with me in the first place! I really appreciate you coming along!
An: Also, I know we aren't going just yet, but I'm glad we got to buy these matching pouches. Now I really can't wait for our trip to the US!
Kohane: Yeah, me neither!
Kohane: (I was still a little nervous about it when we'd only just decided to go...)
Kohane: (But now, I can't wait to go abroad with the others.)
Kohane: Let's have as much fun as we can in America, An!
(Black cut)
