1051_Kohane Azusawa_R4 Can't Wait For The Show (event_152)

Gacha phrase: I've been a huge fan since I first saw them!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[A few days before Christmas]

[Crase Cafe]

Kohane: Have you finished hiding all the presents, An?
An: Yeah, I'm all done!
Toya: I've also finished hiding the remaining envelopes containing the riddles we discussed. I believe we're all set to go now.
Akito: Still, it's hard to believe that we're doing Christmas presents already.
Kohane: Hehe. I know what you mean.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kohane: Speaking of which, if we're at that ski resort on Christmas Day, then we might not be able to have a party with Miku and the others.
An: Yeah... I don't wanna not do anything, you know?
Toya: Then, what if we threw a party early? I'm sure we can make some time since we don't have to go to school.
Akito: Sure, why not? We could even buy them some Christmas presents.
An: Yeah! Oh, also! What if we did something special to make up for us being gone the day of?
Toya: Something special...?
An: Umm... Let's think of that part together!
Akito: You're joking, right...?
Kohane: Oh, what if we did something like this...?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: ...which was when you suggested that we run a scavenger hunt using Christmas presents!
Kohane: My parents did that for me when I was little, and I remember having a lot of fun...
Kohane: Which is why I'm hoping that Miku and the others also enjoy it.
(Black cut)
Kohane: Anyway, that's it as far as the rules go. Do you guys have any questions?
Luka (VBS): All good♪ To recap, each envelope contains a riddle, and the answers will give us clues as to where to look next!
KAITO (VBS): And solving the third riddle of a set plainly reveals where the corresponding present is, yes?
An: That's right! Sounds like you guys are good to go!
Akito: You're also free to look at the hint included in each envelope if you have trouble solving any of the riddles.
Rin (VBS): Oh, you included helping hints?! I wanna find my present fast, so can I look at it right away?
Len (VBS): Wait, you gotta at least try to solve it on your own first!
Miku (VBS): I'm looking forward to seeing what our riddles are like since they're all apparently different.
MEIKO (VBS): Yes, and I'd like to try solving them without looking at any of the hints.
Kohane: Okay, let's get our Christmas scavenger hunt started... Ready, go!
(Black cut)
Rin (VBS): Whoa, this is a riddle?! It just looks like a picture of animals and food!
Len (VBS): Mine's... Yikes, a brain teaser! How do I solve this one?
Toya: You two should be able to solve those. First, try taking a closer look at them.
KAITO (VBS): Mine also seems to be a brain teaser... “You see two bouquets of roses and three bouquets of lilies. If you combined them, how many bouquets would you have as a result?”
Miku (VBS): Wait, how's that a brain teaser? Two plus three is five, right?
KAITO (VBS): Uh, actually...
Miku (VBS): Huh? Why are An and Toya giggling...?
KAITO (VBS): Haha! I think they're enjoying how you fell right for this riddle's trap, Miku.
(Black cut)
Luka (VBS): ...
Akito: It's weird to see Luka with such a serious look on her face...
Kohane: Hehe. It sort of is.
Luka (VBS): Of course I'm taking this seriously. I'm absolutely, positively going to find this present no matter what.
Luka (VBS): Okay, I've solved the first riddle♪ On to the second one!
MEIKO (VBS): I've also solved my first one.
Miku, Rin & Len: What...? Really?!
(Black cut)
Rin (VBS): Yes, I found my present...!
Len (VBS): Me too!
Kohane: Congratulations! All of you have your presents now!
An: Still, Luka, you found yours so fast. You totally blew through those riddles.
Luka (VBS): Heh heh. I guess I'm pretty good at these kinds of brain teasers♪
Toya: You two were also quick, KAITO, MEIKO.
KAITO (VBS): Well, I suppose it's a testament to my ability to think outside the box!
MEIKO (VBS): As for me, I think I sort of got lucky. Despite it being a simple word-association riddle, the second one ended up taking me quite a long time to solve.
Akito: It took you a little while to solve that first one, Miku, but you ended up making short work of the other two.
Miku (VBS): Yes, I just really wasn't sure how I was supposed to think about it at first.
Luka (VBS): Anyway, now that we've all found our presents, can I open mine?♪
Kohane: Yes, please do!
Rin (VBS): Oh, I wanna open mine too! Hehe. I can't wait to see what's inside.
KAITO (VBS): I've also been waiting for this moment! Let's see...
Len (VBS): I wanna try solving everyone else's riddles! Can you two show me yours, Miku, MEIKO?
Miku (VBS): Yes, this ended up being really fun, so I'd like to see your riddles as well.
MEIKO (VBS): Okay. Then, let's swap.
Toya: They certainly seem to be enjoying themselves...
Kohane: Yeah!
Kohane: (I'm glad we decided to run this scavenger hunt for them!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Miku (VBS): Thank you for showing us all those wonderful Christmas pictures, Kohane.
Kohane: Thank you as well. I had a lot of fun talking about what happened.
Luka (VBS): You took so many good pictures♪ I really loved the one where everyone was visibly moved!
Akito: Why are you looking at me...? It was a pretty spectacular scene, so I think it's safe to say that we were all moved by it.
MEIKO (VBS): He's right. You shouldn't tease someone for giving an honest reaction.
Luka (VBS): Okay...
Toya: Still, Kamishiro really is an incredible director.
An: I wasn't sure what was gonna happen after they got the news that the truck carrying their equipment got stuck in the snow.
Akito: But he definitely deserves credit for coming up with a replacement idea on the spot like that.
Kohane: Come to think of it, he did something similar when you helped with the flash mob for that wedding, right, Aoyagi?
Miku (VBS): Oh, you were there to fill in for someone else, right?
Toya: Yes. After Kamishiro heard that I'd be taking Tsukasa's place, he got a bit worried and came to see how I was doing.
Toya: He even ended up helping direct the flash mob. Fortunately, we were able to accomplish our task.
Akito: That was pretty hectic. You told me all of a sudden to come over and dance with you guys.
An: I was just passing by, and I ended up dancing while wearing a tuxedo.
Luka (VBS): You've told us that story a number of times already, but it always sounds like it was a lot of fun!
An: That's because it was!
An: The best part was how we got all these people who were just walking nearby and had nothing to do with the wedding to come and dance with us!
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. It's hard not to want to join in when you see so many others enjoying themselves.
Kohane: How do I put it...? It's like Kamishiro really gets people and knows exactly what would be the most fun for everyone.
Akito: He gets people, huh...?
Kohane: Wait, did I say something funny just now?
Akito: No, it's just... He knows how to get people to have fun, but he also has a talent for really pressing your buttons...
Akito: Actually, forget I said that...
Kohane: ...?
An: While we're on the subject, the performance we put on for the sports festival was also really awesome.
Kohane: Oh, you mean for the cheering competition?!
An: Yeah! When he said he was gonna have a few of us jump out of the windows, we all thought it'd be way too dangerous.
An: But he made sure that we could pull that stunt off safely, and he was there every step of the way during practice.
Toya: It's as if he's able to use his creativity to make the impossible possible...
Toya: Again, he really is an incredible director.
Kohane: He is!
An: But he does also like to bring a lot of weird things to school and run strange experiments.
Kohane: Weird things? Strange experiments...?
Akito: Now that you mention it, why does he do all this dangerous stuff whenever he's not putting on shows?
Toya: Dangerous...?
Luka (VBS): Haha! Kohane and Toya seem completely lost.
An: To be fair, Kohane doesn't know about the things Kamishiro does during the day and stuff...
Akito: But you should.
Akito: You saw him and Tsukasa get chased around by the teachers just the other day.
Toya: Yes, but...
Toya: When I tried baking those cupcakes a while back, Kamishiro was the one who gave me advice on how to make them better.
Toya: Yes, he does stand out at school, but I see him as one of the most reliable seniors I know.
Kohane: And based on what he said when we talked about the Christmas show, he just felt like a really nice person to me.
Kohane: I mean, he seemed determined to put on a good show and send everyone home smiling.
Akito: Yeah, but...
An: We get that, but...
Toya: I believe he's able to come up with all these different ideas because his knowledge is so vast.
Kohane: Yeah, and his curiosity drives him to test things himself. Much more than his peers.
Miku (VBS): Hear that?
An: These two are so pure...
Akito: Yeah...
Luka & MEIKO: Hehe.
(Black cut)
