1066_Kohane Azusawa_R4 The Biggest Bite I Can Muster (event_154)

Gacha phrase: H-Here I go...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shibuya Park]

Kohane: Phew... Why don't we end practice here for today?
An: Yeah, it is getting pretty late.
Akito: Speaking of which, we'll be flying over to the States soon. You guys all done packing?
Toya: Yes. Aside from the things I'll still be using until the night before, my suitcase is all packed.
Kohane: Mine too. I even drew up a checklist to make sure I don't forget anything.
An: Oh, Kohane, you're so prepared! Can you give me a copy later?
Kohane: Hehe. Sure.
Akito: Alright, all that's left is to hope for good weather and a smooth flight.
Kohane: Actually, the other day, my dad said, “If the weather is bad enough, I wonder if your flight might end up canceled.”
An: Hehe. I bet he's just lonely thinking he won't get to see you for a while!
Kohane: I think you're right.
Kohane: He's been so anxious lately. He even asked, “So, you're really going?” and, “It isn't a dangerous city, is it?”
Toya: He must be concerned for your safety, Azusawa. It's kind of him to worry so much.
Kohane: I know. He's been telling me not to stay out late and avoid back alleys where people wouldn't normally go. I appreciate his concern...
Kohane: But then he said, “Always head straight back to your room without taking any detours,” and, “Don't follow strangers.”
An: Yeah, but it's like Toya said! He's just worried about his little girl!
Akito: Wait, what about you? Did your mom say anything?
An: Mine? Hmm... She told me to be careful and stuff.
An: But my dad's already over there. So, if anything does happen, I can call him or Uncle Taiga for help.
Toya: Yes, it is nice to know that you have family members already over there.
Kohane: While we're on the subject, Aoyagi, I'm glad that your dad said you could go. But I'm also a bit surprised.
An: Yeah, me too! I think we were all pretty stunned when you said he okayed it.
Toya: It means he trusts me at least somewhat... So I'm glad he did.
Kohane: He trusts you...
Kohane: Maybe my dad doesn't trust me, huh.
An: No way!
An: First, he gave you permission to sing at live houses, and now he's letting you take a trip to the United States. He's worried, but he's not stopping you from going!
Toya: Right. He's allowing you to go with us on this trip, so I think he's just worried like any parent would be.
Kohane: Yeah, you're probably right...
Akito: And if he really starts to get on your case, you can just go, “so you don't trust me, is that it?”
Akito: That should shut him up pretty quickly.
Kohane: What?! Th-That'd be...
Toya: Akito...
Akito: What? All I did was tell her how to deal with someone who's being obnoxious.
An: It's a pretty overpowered counter...
Toya: I don't recommend following his advice, Azusawa.
Kohane: Haha... My dad would be so deflated.
Kohane: Oh, that reminds me...
Kohane: After we land, I plan to send messages regularly. That should put my dad at ease a little.
An: Great idea! You could even send pics of us having fun together!
Kohane: Yeah!
Kohane: (Dad's mentioned being interested in American cityscapes, so I should try to take as many photos as I can for him...)
Kohane: (Hehe. This is going to be such a fun trip!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[A street near the New York Academy of Music]

Kohane: “Thank you very much for telling us about that burger shop!”
Student A: “You're welcome! Anyway, if you'll excuse me!”
Akito: We're checking out that record shop next, right?
Toya: Yes, we're supposed to go straight for a while and take a left.
An: Okay! Then, let's take this opportunity to walk off our meal!
Kohane: Yeah!
Kohane: The hamburgers at that shop were so yummy.
Akito: Yeah, I had a feeling it'd be good, since he said that it's popular with the students.
An: And the atmosphere was so great. It felt like the epitome of an all-American diner!
Toya: I've never been to any place like that, so it was a new experience for me.
Kohane: Hehe. Me too.
Kohane: And the staff were all really nice. They saw that we weren't used to conversing in English, so they made sure to speak slowly.
Akito: Yeah, it was really easy to understand what they were saying.
Toya: Not all the students are native English speakers, so they must know their customer base.
Akito: I was wondering why we were able to hold a smooth conversation. I guess they're used to talking to people who don't exactly speak perfect English...
An: Yeah.
Kohane: Then, we didn't make any mistakes with our orders after all?
An: Wait, what do you mean?
Kohane: Oh, it's just...
Kohane: The hamburgers they brought over were much bigger than I was expecting. I was worried that we asked for the wrong size.
An: Yeah, I couldn't believe it either!
An: We ordered their standard size, and out came these burgers that were as big as our faces!
Toya: Yes, I immediately began to understand where the term “American size” in Japan originates.
Akito: Seriously, those things were huge.
Akito: I mean, the patties were like three times the size of what you'd normally get in Japan.
Kohane: Right. I did my best, but the patty on mine just seemed to dominate each bite I took.
Kohane: It was just too hard for me to fit in the buns and vegetables at the same time...
Toya: That's perfectly understandable, Azusawa. Even I had trouble getting everything into one bite.
An: Me too. But you got pretty close to the middle, Akito.
Akito: Barely. But I doubt people are meant to just based on their sheer size.
An: Which would explain why you had so much trouble, Kohane, since you like to take smaller nibbles.
An: But that was also why you looked so cute!
Kohane: C-Cute?
An: Yeah! First, it was so adorable how you picked up your burger and did everything you could to keep it from falling apart!
An: Then, this puzzled look came over you when you couldn't figure out where to start. That was also really cute.
An: But the best part was when you made your decision and went in for a big bite!
Kohane: Wait, An, you were watching me the entire time?!
An: Well, duh! How could I not watch?! Seeing you try to figure it out was so cute!
Kohane: I-It was...?
Kohane: Still... I was so focused that I didn't notice at all.
Akito: But this does make for a good story. There's nothing more American than a burger, right?
Toya: Yes, I'm looking forward to telling my classmates, Miku and the others all about this.
Toya: No, wait. We'll want to take over some actual hamburgers to SEKAI instead of just stories.
Kohane: Oh, good point! We could definitely manage that!
An: Yeah! They've all shown a lot of interest in American cuisine, so I'm sure they'd love to have some!
Akito: Then, before we head back to campus, let's pick up some more burgers at the same shop.
Toya: Okay.
Kohane: Hehe. They're going to be so surprised by how big they are.
An: Yeah, I can't wait to see their faces!
(Black cut)
