1100_Kohane Azusawa_R3 American Style? (event_155)

Gacha phrase: Yo, check it!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[New York]

Kohane: Is this the apparel boutique you wanted to visit, An?
An: Yup! The storefront looked really cool, so I have a good feeling about it!
Akito: Oh, it's a boutique? Just at first glance, they've got some nice stuff here.
Toya: Yes, and much of it is different from what you see in Japan.
Akito: The men's section is... In the back. We're gonna go take a look.
Kohane: Okay, we'll be browsing this area.
Toya: Alright, we'll be back in a little bit.
An: Now then, since we're here, let's take a good look at what they have!
Kohane: Hehe. Okay.
An: Oh, look! How awesome is this hoodie?
Kohane: Wow, it's cool how the logo looks like graffiti...
An: I know, right?! I wish I could pull off an outfit with something like this.
Kohane: I think it'd look really good on you, An!
An: Haha! Thanks! Since I have the chance, I might just try it on.
An: See anything you like, Kohane?
Kohane: Umm...
Kohane: Oh, maybe the outfit on that mannequin...
Clerk: “Are you interested in this outfit, miss?”
Kohane: Huh? Umm... “Yes, it looks very cool...”
Clerk: “You have a good eye. This is a new one that we just got in today.”
Clerk: “Would you like to try it on?”
Kohane: “N-No, it wouldn't look good on me...!”
An: “I disagree, Kohane! You should try it on!”
Clerk: “I agree! Who knows? You might just see yourself in a completely new light!”
Kohane: U-Uhh...
Kohane: “O-Okay. I'll try it on...!”
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Kohane: H-How do I look...?
An: Wow! You look amazing, Kohane!
Clerk: “You look really cool!!”
Kohane: “Th-Thank you...”
An: Oh, I know! “Can I take a picture of her?”
Clerk: “Yes, of course.”
Kohane: Wait, a picture...?
An: I wanna show Miku... I mean, I wanna show everyone that you're trying a new type of fashion!
An: So, say cheese!
Kohane: O-Okay...
Clerk: “Wait.”
Kohane: Huh?
Clerk: “I know just the pose that'll make you look super cool.”
Clerk: “First, do this with your hands. Bring this one out in front of your face like this. Here, give it a try.”
Kohane: W-Wait, that's the pose...
An: That's what rappers do when they yell, “Yo, check it!”
Clerk: “You're trying on a cool new look, so you need to strike a cool pose too.”
Kohane: “Oh... O-Okay...”
An: You can do it, Kohane!
Kohane: Y-Yo, check it...!
Clerk: “Hmm... Not bad. But you'll sound cooler if you project your voice a little more.”
Kohane: “What...? But won't I bother the other customers...?”
Clerk: “Oh, you won't be bothering anyone.”
Kohane: “O-Okay...!”
Kohane: YO, CHECK IT!
An: Oh, Kohane, that was really cool!
Clerk: “That was perfect!”
Kohane: Hehe...
Akito: We were only gone for a second. What happened?
Toya: You two certainly seem to be enjoying yourselves.
Kohane: Y-Yeah, the clerk gave us some tips about fashion and...
Kohane: (A message? From who?)
Saki's Message (Saki): <Hi, Kohane! What's America been like?>
Kohane: Saki...?
An: What's up, Kohane?
Kohane: Oh, one of my friends just sent me a message...
Kohane: (She wants my advice...? What could this be about?)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[New York Academy of Music - Backstreet]

Kohane: (Okay, I'll go with this composition...)
Kohane: (I just need to adjust the aperture and set the exposure to...about this much.)
Kohane: I got it, An. This is how it turned out...
An: Wow, that's amazing! You could totally turn this into a movie poster.
Kohane: Hehe. I tried getting a little creative with the composition.
Kohane: Anyway, next... Why don't we try both taking one, An?
An: Yeah! Show me the way, Ms. Kohane!
Kohane: O-Okay. I'll try my best to make things easy to understand.
Kohane: Still, An, you really surprised me when you said that you wanted to learn more about photography.
An: Haha. I wanted to learn how to take better pictures since I've been going by feel until now.
Kohane: Okay. You'll start taking good ones right away once you've gotten the hang of a couple things.
Kohane: Starting with the rule of thirds.
An: The rule of thirds?
Kohane: It's a technique that involves laying a three-by-three grid over what you see. The idea is to align your subject to those lines.
Kohane: By doing so, it becomes easier to take balanced photos.
An: I see. That explains why it's called the rule of thirds.
Kohane: *Nod* There should be a way to get your phone to show those lines.
An: Wait, it can do that?
An: Lemme see... Whoa, you're right! This makes things so much easier.
Kohane: That just leaves how to use light sources.
Kohane: The feel of your photo can really change based on where your light source is. A backlight can make things more dramatic, while light from the front can brighten up your image.
An: Wow! So if you use your light sources properly, you can take photos like a total pro!
An: Thanks, Kohane! I'll try taking some pictures using the techniques you just taught me.
Kohane: Great! I'm sure you'll know what I mean when you actually try it for yourself.
An: Okay. Can you stand in front of those plants for me, Kohane?
Kohane: Umm... Here?
An: A little more to your left... A little more... Stop! That's perfect!
An: Alright, this looks good!
An: Get ready. Smile...!
Kohane: How'd they turn out, An?
An: Oh, Kohane, you look extra cute! You're amazing!
Kohane: Haha... No, I think that means you did a good job of taking them.
An: Oh, can we take another one? This time with a different pose!
Kohane: Okay. So, what pose would you like me to do?
An: Oh, I know. How about the one that clerk taught you?!
Kohane: U-Umm... Th-This one?
An: Yeah! You look super cool, Kohane!
An: Here's how it turned out. What do you think?
Kohane: The composition looks good and I like the way you used your light source... It is a little embarrassing, though.
An: Hehehe. You look way too cute!
An: I'm gonna take so many pictures of you moving forward, Kohane!
Kohane: Of me?
An: I've taken a ton of pictures since coming here, but the ones you take are always better. That's been bothering me a bit.
An: We have the luxury of you being our photographer, and we know you'll take a bunch of great pictures...
Kohane: Oh... Do you want to become a better photographer because...?
An: Yup! I want to learn how to take amazing pictures of you!
Kohane: An...
Kohane: Thank you. That's so sweet of you.
An: So, while we're in the US, I'm gonna be your own personal photographer! And I promise to do a good job!
Kohane: Hehe. I'm looking forward to seeing what you take, An.
(Black cut)
