1132_Kohane Azusawa_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Gacha phrase: I'm looking forward to a birthday in the US.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Kohane's birthday]

[New York]

Akito: Hey, I got the pizza.
An: Thanks! Wow, it sure is big.
Akito: Yeah, I got the biggest size they had, just like you asked. 16 inches.
Kohane: Wow... You'd almost never see a pizza this big in Japan...
Toya: What do we have left to buy? Fried chicken and ice cream, right?
An: Yeah! Apparently, that street over there has some great places.
An: It sounds like they have a lot of different flavors, so pick whatever you like, Kohane! It's your birthday party, after all!
Kohane: Okay, I'm looking forward to it!
Kohane: Hehe. Celebrating my birthday in the US... It's a strange feeling.
Akito: True, we didn't really think much about it, huh.
An: But that means we get to have an American-style party!
Toya: Yes. I've seen American birthday parties in films and TV shows, and they always seem very grand.
An: Yeah! So I figured, let's do it right and celebrate Kohane's birthday in style! American style!
Kohane: An...
Kohane: Thank you. That makes me really happy!
Kohane: Oh, but... Are we going to be okay?
Kohane: This pizza is already so big... And aren't we getting chicken and ice cream, too?
Kohane: I'm sure those will also be bigger than the norm in Japan. Will the four of us be able to finish it all?
Toya: There's no need to worry about that.
Akito: No one said anything about it just being “the four of us”, after all.
Kohane: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

An: Hey, everyone!
MEIKO (VBS): Welcome, everyone. We've been waiting for you.
Kohane: Wow... Look at all these balloons. And streamers and flags, too!
Rin (VBS): We went all-out on the decorations to make it feel like a real American party! What do you think?
Len (VBS): KAITO and I had to work together to blow up that giant “Happy Birthday” balloon on the wall!
Kohane: Wow, really?!
Kohane: I even get to celebrate with everyone in SEKAI...
An: The more, the merrier, right? Doesn't that make it feel more American-style too?
Akito: Now you're saying that just for the sake of it.
KAITO (VBS): We figured it would be difficult to get your friends together in the US. So we'll make up for it!
MEIKO (VBS): That's right. And as requested, I've cooked up an American feast, too.
MEIKO (VBS): A mountain of donuts, spaghetti with jumbo meatballs, and—
Kohane, An, Akito & Toya: Uh...
Akito: An American feast...
Toya: Um, MEIKO. The truth is, we brought food ourselves.
MEIKO (VBS): Oh, really?
An: Yes. Pizza, fried chicken... And, uh, a good-sized bucket of ice cream.
KAITO (VBS): A whole bucket of ice cream?!
Miku (VBS): This...is definitely too much.
Luka (VBS): Hahaha. Forget serving us ten, this could serve twenty with leftovers.
Akito: Did you not tell MEIKO we were bringing food?
An: Um, well... Maybe there was a little miscommunication...?
An: B-But, who cares anyway? If we have leftovers, we can just throw another party tomorrow!
Kohane: Hahaha...
Kohane: But with everything lined up, it really does feel like something we could only see overseas!
Miku (VBS): It's definitely quite a sight.
KAITO (VBS): Okay, now that everything's set up, I think we're just about ready!
Kohane: Oh, KAITO, are you going to DJ for us?
KAITO (VBS): Yeah! Every party needs the perfect music, after all. Leave it to me!
Kohane: Wow, I can't wait!
KAITO (VBS): Okay, everyone... Let's get this party started!
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

An & Luka: ♪————————!
Luka (VBS): And there you have it! Our special birthday song, from us to Kohane♪
Kohane: Thank you so much, An, Luka! That was wonderful!
Toya: I was surprised when you suddenly started singing along with KAITO's music... But it was an excellent song, full of appreciation for Azusawa.
Akito: A surprise... Yeah, you can say that again.
An: I mean, KAITO's DJing just makes you want to hop in!
An: Thanks for backing me up, Luka!
Luka (VBS): No problem. I had a lot of fun! It was nice sending some extra happiness Kohane's way!
Len (VBS): Yeah! The party's really warmed up, thanks to you two.
An: Right? And so, without further ado...
An: I think it's time for the you-know-what!
Kohane: The what?
An: Attention, please! Eyes on me!
KAITO (VBS): Oh, what's this? What's going on?
An: You see... We have a special birthday message, addressed right to Kohane!
Kohane: A birthday message? Who could it be from?
An: Heh heh heh... Aren't you excited to find out? Okay, I'm pressing play!
(Background change)
Minori: <Here we go, everyone! One, two, three!>
Everyone: <Happy birthday, Kohane!> <Happy birthday, Kohane.>
Ichika: <I never thought I'd be sending a message to a friend all the way across the world like this.>
Shiho: <Yeah. It's a strange feeling.>
Saki: <It was a big shock, hearing you'd be going to the US to see an event! But it definitely feels like the kind of thing you'd do.>
Haruka: <You're a lot bolder than you seem, after all.>
Shizuku: <How are things in the United States? I'm sure you're having a wonderful time with An and the others.>
Airi: <Here's hoping your time there ends up being a great experience! We're all rooting for you!>
Honami: <We'll have another party waiting when you get home. Everyone else in class is looking forward to it too.>
Minori: <That'll be it from us! Happy birthday again, Kohane! See you soon!>
(Background change)
Kohane: They all recorded a message for me!
An: I asked if they would like to, and everyone jumped at the chance.
An: But just wait... There's more! Time for video #2!
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Happy birthday, Kohane!>
Kanade & Ena: <Happy birthday.>
Mizuki: <Hiya, Kohane! Here's a special message for you, all the way from Japan♪ What's it like celebrating your birthday over there? Having a good time?>
Ena: <I can't really imagine what it must feel like to celebrate your birthday in another country.>
Kanade: <No, me neither. I hope it's a good day all the same.>
Mizuki: <Yeah! Make sure you get An and the boys to celebrate you a whole bunch!>
Ena: <If Akito gets annoying about it, feel free to yell at him all you like.>
Akito: Me? You're the annoying one here.
An: Come on, don't argue with a video.
Ena: <Anyway, forget about him... I hope you enjoy your time in the US, Azusawa.>
Mizuki: <When you get home, bring An and let's go hang out somewhere! Happy birthday again!>
Kanade: <Happy birthday again. See you.>
(Background change)
Akito: Man, she runs her mouth even in a video...
Kohane: Hehe. I never expected to get a message from Ena and the others.
An: And now, last but not least... It's a message from your favorite troupe!
Kohane: Wait, there's even more?
(Background change)
Emu: <Kohane! Happy wonderhoy birthday!>
Tsukasa: <Are you faring well in America? Braving the world to chase after your dream is a truly admirable thing!>
Rui: <It's a pity we can't see you in person, but I'm glad to have this chance to convey our well-wishes all the same.>
Nene: <Right. I hope our feelings can reach you through the screen.>
Emu: <We're already thinking of what kind of birthday show we'll welcome you home with☆>
Emu: <We hope you really, reaaally look forward to it♪>
Tsukasa: <Now then... Let's make sure our cheer for Azusawa makes it all the way across the grand Pacific!>
Emu: <Yeah! Here we go! Happy birthdaaay... Wonderhoy!>
Nene, Tsukasa & Rui: <Wonderhoy!>
Tsukasa: <Ha ha ha ha! Let us meet again in Japan!>
Emu: <See you soon, Kohane!>
(Background change)
An: And that concludes our little video segment! Applause, if you please!
Kohane: So many messages... Thank you all so much! I'm so happy!
An: Hehe, I'm glad you liked it!
Toya: Me too. Especially after all the effort Shiraishi put into this plan.
Kohane: An did?
Akito: She reached out to basically everyone we know, asking them for messages. Anything to make you happy, she said.
Kohane: Really? Thank you, An!
An: Hey, it's the least I could do for my amazing partner's birthday! Seeing you happy makes it all worth it.
MEIKO (VBS): Now that the surprise is settled, why don't we have some cake?
Kohane: Wow! What a colorful cake!
Len (VBS): This is MEIKO's special birthday cake! It's a real feast for the eyes, huh?
Toya: This is astounding. Pink sponge cake, with yellow and blue frosting?
MEIKO (VBS): It's an American-style birthday party, after all, so I went with a cake you wouldn't see in Japan. I'm told ones like this are popular in the US.
Rin (VBS): We helped bake the cake and put on the frosting!
Miku (VBS): It might look a little weird, but I can guarantee it's delicious.
Kohane: Wow...!
Kohane: I never thought I'd get to have such a wonderful party in the US.
Kohane: Thank you all so much!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000418/bg_s000418.png)
Ichika: Happy birthday, Kohane. You're off to see the world in pursuit of your dream... When I think of how brave you are, it makes me want to work harder, too.
Shiho: First you land that big event, and now you're off around the world. You really are such a cool person.
Honami: We'll always support you and your dream, Kohane. I can't wait to hear you sing again soon.
Saki: Let me know when you're back in Japan! We'll throw you a party to make up for missing it today. Happy birthday, Kohane!
Minori: Thanks for sending us a reply to our video message! That pizza really was huge, wasn't it? It looked like one slice was the size of my face!
Airi: Yeah, that was a real shock. Did you manage to eat the whole thing...?
Airi: Anyway, I know it's your dream, but going all the way to the US takes some real initiative. Make sure to keep an eye on your health, and have fun over there!
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Kohane. Isn't it wonderful to be able to share these happy feelings even though we're so far apart? I'm so glad you enjoyed our birthday message!
Haruka: Happy birthday, Kohane. When you're back in Japan, let's go somewhere with An and Minori. I'd love to hear all about your trip then.
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Kohane! That American-style party sounds like it was a ton of fun!
Mizuki: I heard that An really went all-out. I hope you liked our message!
Ena: We just got your thank-you message earlier. It sounds like you did, so I'd call it a success. And it sounds like you're having a good time over there.
Kanade: Yeah. I can't really picture what it must be like over there... But I hope it's a good experience.
Emu: Happy birthday, Kohane! I sent a happy happy happy birthday beam all the way to America earlier. Did it make it there?
Nene: I was a little surprised when Shiraishi reached out to us... But I'm glad we were able to send you our message.
Tsukasa: There's a very special birthday show waiting for you when you return! Feel free to ramp up your excitement now!
Rui: Hehe. We're all eagerly practicing and waiting for the chance to make you smile, Azusawa.
An: Happy birthday, Kohane! I'm so happy you enjoyed your party so much. It made all of my hard work worth it!
Akito: And then you made such a basic mistake on the day of.
An: Urk... J-Just call that a happy accident!
An: Anyway, let's keep on making all sorts of memories together. I'm sure there are things we can only see and experience here in the US, after all.
Toya: Right. And those memories will spur us on to greater heights. Let's see even more of the world together, Azusawa.
Akito: Yeah, what they said. Let's soak in everything we can, so we have some good stories to tell when we get back to Japan.
An: With you by my side, I feel like I could go anywhere and everywhere. So...
An: Let's keep on moving forward together, Kohane!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kohane: What a special day today has been.
Kohane: I'm so far away from everything I know, but there are still people who think of me and wish me well...
Kohane: And their thoughts and feelings make my heart feel so full.
Kohane: I'm going to keep singing, to respond to those feelings lifting me up...
Kohane: And I'll keep on moving forward, too. I hope you'll watch over me!
Kohane: Thank you for all the birthday wishes. See you again!
(White cut)
