1151_Kohane Azusawa_R4 Smile Hued By Dusk (event_163)

Gacha phrase: I'll never forget again.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Hotel - Cafe Entrance]

Kohane: Morning, everyone.
An: Morning, Kohane!
Toya & Akito: Good morning. Morning.
An: *Stretch* Hotels seriously have the best beds. I slept like a baby last night!
Akito: To be fair, you're able to fall asleep basically anywhere.
An: Oh, you knew?
Kohane: Hehe.
Toya: Anyway, let's go have breakfa—
Guest A: “I didn't think we'd actually stay at this hotel. What if those rumors are true...?”
Guest B: “Hahaha! You're kidding, right? There's no way we're gonna see any ghosts.”
Guest A: “But I saw people online saying how a guest unexpectedly died with no clear cause...”
Guest B: “You mean that whole thing about how they became a ghost, and they're still wandering the halls? I didn't think you were superstitious like that.”
Kohane: (This hotel's rumored to be haunted? But Taiga's manager didn't mention anything when he booked our rooms...)
Kohane: Uh oh...
Kohane: Umm... Did you also understand what they just said, An?
An: Yeah, I couldn't help it...
Toya: To think that all your English studying would come back to haunt you in this way.
Kohane: A-Are you sure you're going to be okay, An...?
An: D-Dunno. What are ghosts and monsters outside of Japan like?
Akito: They're pretty grotesque... Remember that zombie wolf we saw at Miya Girls during their school festival? The exact opposite of forgettable—
Toya: Akito, stop.
Akito: Hm?
Akito: Oh...
Kohane: D-Don't worry, An! If that's what we're dealing with, then I promise to keep you safe from them!
Kohane: I know! I'll stay right by your side for the rest of the day!
An: Y-You'll come with me when I use the bathroom...?
Kohane: Yes!
An: And when I take a bath?
Kohane: I'll stand guard right outside the door and keep an eye out for any ghosts or monsters!
An: Ko...
An: Kohaneeeee!
Toya: If that helps put Shiraishi at ease, then I see no problem with you doing that, but...
Akito: Are you planning on doing that the entire time we're at this hotel?
An: Ugh... Yeah, that'd be asking too much...
Kohane: Hmm...
Kohane: Then, I'll check to see if those rumors are true!
An: What?!
Kohane: Those people just said how they found that information online. So, I should be able to find it as well.
Kohane: Oh, I got a few hits after searching this hotel's name plus “ghosts”. Let's see... The place with the most sightings is...
An: No, wait! Are you sure about this, Kohane?! Salt and stuff probably doesn't work on American ghosts, right?!
Toya: Right... I don't think using salt to purify places is a part of their culture.
Akito: Wait, you guys are hung up on that?!
Kohane: Oh, here's some information about morning and noon sightings...!
Kohane: You guys can start eating without me! I'm going to go see what happens!
Toya: Wait, Azusawa!
Akito: Alright... I guess that means we should go with her, huh?
Akito: You stay here and wait.
An: You're joking, right?! I'm not about to put my partner in harm's way!
An: Also, I don't wanna be left all alone here!
Akito: Why are you acting so proud?
(Black cut)

[The next day]

Kohane: We spent the entire day checking out the places people mentioned, but we didn't end up seeing any ghosts.
Akito: To be fair, they were just rumors.
An: Wait, how did that saying go? Where there's fire, there's smoke or something?
Toya: Regarding that, I did some digging last night and found an interesting article.
Toya: Last year, this hotel featured a ghost character during the Halloween event they held. In terms of timing, it matches perfectly with the sightings you mentioned.
Kohane: Wait, that means...
Akito: So, it was a character for an event? And people thought it was real?
Toya: Apparently.
An: R-Really...?
Kohane: That's great, An!
An: Yeah! Now I can finally relax! Thanks for figuring out this mystery, you guys!
An: Oh, that reminds me! Since we were all at our wit's end thinking about ghosts last night, let's all have a pajama party tonight!
Kohane: Wow, that sounds like fun! We need to go buy some snacks and drinks!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

Kohane: ♪————! ♪————!!
Miku (VBS): ♪————!! ♪————~~~!!
Kohane: (Nice one, Miku! You really kicked it up a notch there!)
Kohane: (But...)
Kohane: (I also still have a few tricks left up my sleeve...!)
Kohane: ♪——~~~~!! ♪——————!!!!
(Black cut)
Kohane: Huff... Huff... Thanks for agreeing to practice with me, Miku!
Miku (VBS): Thank you as well, Kohane. That was really fun. For a second there, it felt like an actual event.
Miku (VBS): Especially the part where we sang back and forth together. You sang with so much energy that you got me just as fired up.
Kohane: Me too! You also kept producing so much energy that I didn't want to let you hog all the glory.
Kohane: (The way Miku sings seems to touch me so profoundly.)
Kohane: (Actually, it's more than just her singing. It's her advice too.)
Kohane: (I've lost count of all the times she's helped me...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: Oh...
Miku (VBS): Kohane...? Are you feeling tired? Did you go a little overboard?
Kohane: Oh, no. I'm fine.
Kohane: I just remembered that I heard your voice while we were all trapped in that dream.
Miku (VBS): My voice? What did I say?
Kohane: You asked, “What do you think your true feelings are, Kohane?”
Kohane: It was something you said when I still wasn't completely sure if I wanted to keep singing with An.
Miku (VBS): Yes, I remember now...
Miku (VBS): While we're on the subject, we did our best to try and wake you all up. Did you hear anything we said?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku (VBS): Kohane! Kohane, can you hear me?
Len (VBS): What's going on?! None of them are responding!
MEIKO (VBS): Those black fragments must be behind all this. They took a different form than normal, but they're definitely fragments of feelings...
Rin (VBS): Then, we need to chase after them!
Luka (VBS): Chase after them? But they're right here.
KAITO (VBS): In other words, only their minds seem to have been sent over to the SEKAI of these fragments.
Len (VBS): If that's true, then we should also be able to send our minds into that SEKAI by touching these fragments!
Rin (VBS): Yeah! I'm a little scared, but...
Rin & Len: Here goes nothing!
Len (VBS): Huh?! What happened...? Why weren't we sent over?!
MEIKO (VBS): Settle down, you two. I have a feeling that those fragments aren't like the ones we've encountered in the past.
Rin (VBS): Then, what are we supposed to do?!
Miku (VBS): All we can do is believe in them.
Miku (VBS): Kohane.
Miku (VBS): We're right here. Please come back to us.
Rin (VBS): An! Can you hear me? I'm right here! Please come back!
Len (VBS): Akito! Toya! I'm gonna keep calling your names until you guys all return! If you think I'm obnoxious, then come back fast!
Luka (VBS): It's okay. I know they'll all be back with us soon!
KAITO (VBS): Because we're all right here with them!
MEIKO (VBS): Right! So, let's do as Miku says and maintain our faith.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: You all called our names until we finally managed to wake back up...?
Kohane: *Gasp*
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
???: <...ne!>
Kohane: (Wait...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: I do remember...! I did hear your voice, Miku!
Kohane: But only just barely. And I couldn't remember who was talking while I was stuck in that dream.
Miku (VBS): I see... But you did hear my voice.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. That means we were right to keep calling out your names.
Kohane: Miku...
Kohane: Standing here right now and getting to sing with everyone is thanks to you and the others, Miku.
Kohane: You gave me just the push I needed when I was ready to fall apart.
Kohane: So...
Kohane: Thank you so much...!
Miku (VBS): You're very welcome.
(Black cut)
