1180_Kohane Azusawa_R4 Lasting Heat (event_169)

Gacha phrase: I want to see it.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Flea Market]

Kohane: That last shop we visited was really fun! They had so many old paintings and dolls.
An: To be honest, a couple were a little creepy...
An: But I liked that nutcracker, since you don't really see those back home. Making its mouth clatter was fun!
Kohane: You couldn't get enough of it.
Kohane: Oh, look at this shop. They have all kinds of handicrafts.
An: Wow, they're selling handmade accessories and handbags!
An: I guess this is the accessories section of the market. Wanna check it out?
Kohane: Yeah!
Kohane: These bead bracelets are so cute and colorful.
An: Look at that. And they're reasonably priced. These might make for some great souvenirs!
Kohane: Souvenirs... I know who'll really like these.
Kohane: They come in a lot of different colors, so I think I'll get Ichika and her bandmates a set of matching ones.
An: You mean everyone from Leo/need?
Kohane: Yeah, I thought they'd like a gift that they can all wear together.
Kohane: Also, it should be fun to try and pick out the best colors for them.
An: That's a great idea! Alright, let's start with Hinomori... How about this one? I feel like cool colors suit her well.
Kohane: I agree. Oh, but... This one looks good, too. It's made with animal-shaped beads, see?
An: Animal beads? Where'd they even find those?
An: Wait a second. Maybe they also have beads shaped like musical instruments...?
Kohane: Good question...! Let's see if they do.
(Black cut)
An: As for gifts for the others... How about these scented candles? Wouldn't they make for some good souvenirs?!
Kohane: Wow, these smell so nice. Let's see... This label says “Sweet Pea.”
An: How about this one...? Lemme see... “Ja-su-mi-ne”... Oh, jasmine! That's what this smell is!
Kohane: Jasmine? That's supposed to have relaxing effects. Minori and the others might like these a lot.
An: They've been super busy with their idol work, so I'm sure they'd appreciate some relaxation goods!
An: Hmm... Maybe I should also get Haruka something...
Kohane: I don't see why not. This shop has a really big selection.
Kohane: I'm sure you'll find the perfect gift for her!
An: If you say so, then I think I will take a look. Let's see...
An: Oh, these tote bags are a nice option, don't you think?
Kohane: They're adorable...! And each one has a different design printed on.
An: Exactly! They've got cute ones, cool ones and everything in between.
An: Oh, this one has a basketball printed on it. Wouldn't this be the perfect choice for Haruka?
Kohane: Hehe. Yes, it would.
Kohane: Oh, is this an illustration of an amusement park?
An: It's so cute and colorful. And the artstyle is so gentle too.
Kohane: Yeah. I think Emu would like this a lot...
An: Is something wrong, Kohane?
Kohane: No, it's just... Their faces keep popping into my head as we browse around like this.
An: Hehe. Same!
An: What do you think they're all up to right now? We text pretty often and they all sound pretty good, but...
Kohane: I really want to see them now.
An: Me too. I can't wait to hear about everything that happened back home while we were over here.
Kohane: Yeah, and I can't wait to tell them about everything that happened over here too.
Kohane: I need to make sure I can properly talk about all the fun things we did and all the stuff we learned while we were over here...
Kohane: Including SONIC NOTES. I need to see, hear and enjoy as much of it as I can today!
An: Yeah, I agree!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Flea Market]

Kohane: I'm glad we were able to buy a lot of nice souvenirs.
An: Since everything was handmade, it was all so unique and charming!
Kohane: Yeah. They even let us take a lot of photos, so I really want to show them to Miku and the others later.
???: Oh, there you two are.
Kohane: Oh, Shinonome, Aoyagi.
An: Wait, where'd Slade and Cedric go? I thought they were with you guys.
Toya: Those two are over at that shop asking the owner a bunch of different questions.
Akito: It's an antique shop, and they seemed to really hit it off with the shopkeeper. They're apparently going to buy some items he recommended.
Akito: They told us that they'd wrap up fast, and to stick around this area.
Kohane: Okay. Then, why don't we take a look at—
Shopper: “Huh? Hey, you...”
Kohane: Me?
Shopper: “You're the girl that was singing with illys earlier, right?”
Kohane: illys... Oh!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Kohane: (I guess he was there when I sang with Elena and Becky...)
Kohane: Umm... “Yes, that's right.”
Shopper: “I knew it! The way you sang was so awesome! I'd love to hear you perform again sometime.”
Kohane: “Th-Thank you very much...!”
Shopper: “You're welcome! Anyway, good luck with everything!”
Kohane: Th-That was startling...
An: Way to go, Kohane! You have an American fan now!
Toya: He certainly seemed passionate.
Kohane: A fan? I don't know...
An: Yeah, that person's totally your fan! Who would've thought we'd run into one here?
Akito: The alleyway you sang in is just over there. Makes sense some of the folks who were coming to the flea market saw you on the way.
Toya: Which means we may yet run into more of your fans, Azusawa.
Kohane: I-I'm not so sure about that, but...
(Black cut)
Kohane: “Wow...! Are these teddy bears handmade?”
Shopkeeper: “Yes, they are. If you like them, then please feel free to take a closer... Huh? Wait, you're that girl who was singing earlier, aren't you?”
Kohane: “Huh?”
Shopkeeper: “I caught a glimpse of your performance during my break. Your voice is so powerful.”
Kohane: “Th-Thank you very much...!”
(Black cut)
Shopper: “Hey, you're that girl who was singing over there!”
Instrument Shop Clerk: “Can you sing something for us?! I'll play something on one of my guitars!”
Kohane: “U-Uhh...”
Shopper: “Hey, don't scare her. Sorry about that, Miss. Needless to say, we're all looking forward to the next time we get to hear you sing.”
Kohane: Oh...
Kohane: “Thank you!”
(Black cut)
An: That's amazing, Kohane. Everybody wants to talk to you now.
Kohane: Hehe... Again, I'm a little surprised.
Kohane: I guess it shows that Elena and Becky carry a lot of influence around here.
Akito: To be fair, the way those two sang was pretty incredible...
Akito: But that's not the only reason why all these people wanna talk to you.
Kohane: Me?
An: He's right. They're interested in you because the feelings in your song came through to them.
Kohane: I see. I sure hope that's true.
An: Man, now I really feel like singing too!
Akito: You remember we have an event to go to, right?
Kohane: Hehe. You're probably going to want to sing even more after seeing it.
An: Absolutely! Can't I just get it out of my system now?!
Akito: Stop trying to cause a disturbance.
(Black cut)
