1216_Kohane Azusawa_R3 To Future Me (event_175)

Skill name: It's Good To Be Back!
Gacha phrase: I'm really glad we came to the States.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Airport]

Kohane: (We're already going back to Japan... This trip ended up going by so fast.)
Kohane: (Hehe. This is what we saw when we all got off the plane.)
An: Kohane? Is something wrong?
Kohane: Huh? Oh, no...
Kohane: Sorry, An, but I'd like to take a photo. Would that be alright?
An: Okay! I'll go tell Dad and the others.
An: You can take your time. Let me see how it turns out!
Kohane: Thanks, An!
Kohane: This trip was so much fun...
Kohane: (When we first arrived in the United States, I was so anxious and excited I could barely stop and see what was around me.)
Kohane: (But I'm really glad we came... We had our share of troubles, but this trip ended up being really fun.)
Kohane: (We got to see SONIC NOTES, and I got to talk to Taiga for the first time in a while.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Taiga: Hm...? What's up, missy?
Kohane: I wanted to thank you for that meal...! Every dish was just so good!
Taiga: Haha. Polite as ever, huh.
Kohane: Also, I'm really glad that I got to hear you and An's dad sing during SONIC NOTES.
Kohane: It made me realize just how lucky I was to learn from such an accomplished singer.
Taiga: You're just realizing how great I am now? Took you long enough.
Kohane: N-No, that's not what I meant...!
Kohane: I just wanted to thank you for teaching me so much.
Taiga: No problem.
Taiga: But let me just say this...
Kohane: ...? Yes, what is it that you'd like to tell me?
Taiga: All I did was help you get to the starting line.
Taiga: Sure, Ken's training might have helped a little.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Taiga: But you're standing here now because you struggled against RUST and GLaP day, hung on for dear life and clawed your way to victory.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Taiga: In other words, this is the result of your hard work.
Kohane: (Oh...)
Kohane: Thank you!
Kohane: I'll be back in this country soon.
Kohane: I'll have to decide what to do about school, and convince my parents... There's a lot to think about. But even so...
Kohane: Our plan is to win RUSH BEATS and grab that slot to perform on the world's stage. To make our dream come true!
Taiga: Good. Give it everything you've got.
Taiga: Come to think of it, when I decided to pursue this seriously, I quit high school...
Kohane: What...?
Kohane: Umm... Well... M-My dad might collapse if I did anything like that...
Taiga: Haha. I wouldn't be surprised. You should've seen the look on my mom's face. I got an earful for making such a huge decision without asking anyone.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kohane: (I have to do my best. I need to give this journey everything that I have!)
Kohane: (Okay, this photo looks nice. Things do look a little different compared to when we first got here.)
Kohane: (I wonder if things will look even more different next time.)
Kohane: (How will I have changed between now and the next time I come back?)
Kohane: (Will I feel any different? Will I have gotten better by then?)
Kohane: (I have to keep growing. I have to become twice as good. No, tenfold!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Female Student A: Hey, did you do that homework from yesterday?
Female Student B: I did, but I don't know if I got everything right.
Kohane: ...
Kohane: (I wasn't actually gone that long, but I still feel a little nervous coming back...)
Kohane: (I have to catch back up to everyone to make up for the time I took off.)
(Background change)
Ichika: Oh, Kohane!
Kohane: Ichika, Honami! Umm... Good morning.
Ichika: Yeah, good morning. We didn't realize you were back.
Honami: Welcome back, Kohane.
Kohane: Hehe. It's good to be back...!
Classmate A: Oh, Kohane, you're here! Morning!
Classmate B: Morning!
Kohane: Oh, yes! Good morning!
Kohane: I feel so relieved somehow.
Ichika: Relieved?
Kohane: Oh, so... Now that I've had a chance to see your faces and actually talk to all of you...
Kohane: It's really sinking in that I'm back home.
Kohane: Oh, I need to get to my seat...
Ichika: Alright, we'll see you later.
Kohane: See you!
(Black cut)

[Lunch break]

Kohane: Thanks for inviting me for lunch, you two.
Honami: Not at all! I'm so eager to hear about your trip.
Ichika: Me too. I want to hear all about the US. Was it really different compared to Japan?
Kohane: Yeah! The hamburgers over there were bigger than my face...!
Honami: Wow... If they're that big, I don't know if I could finish one all by myself...
Kohane: The supermarkets over there were also really big. I almost got lost when we all went shopping together.
Ichika: Really...?! I've seen them in the movies, but...
Honami: Hehe. But it sounds like a bit of an adventure.
Ichika: Also, how did that event go? You said it was called SONIC NOTES, right?
Kohane: Oh, yeah! It was such an amazing festival!
Kohane: People from all around the world came to watch it, and the atmosphere was incredible right from the start...
Kohane: And the venue was so big! It seated 80,000, and the stage was huge!
Ichika: 80,000...?!
Kohane: Musicians from all sorts of genres were there, and they were all amazing, too!
Kohane: Each time a new performer came up, right when they started their first song, the crowd's roar would shake the whole venue...!
Honami: People would be that excited right at the start? That is pretty incredible...
Kohane: A venue of that size, full of people from all over the world all getting so passionate, and we were right there with them... All of us, totally caught up in the music.
Kohane: And my heart raced the entire time!
Honami: Hehe. That's wonderful. I'm glad that you got to have such a fun time.
Ichika: The way you're smiling really shows how great an event it was.
Kohane: Oh, umm... Thanks...
Ichika: Speaking of which, Shiho's also been wanting to ask you about SONIC NOTES.
Kohane: Wait, Shiho?
Ichika: She was so jealous about you getting to go. I hope you get a chance to tell her all about it later.
Kohane: In that case, I'll try talking to her after school.
Kohane: (I felt a little nervous this morning... But talking with everyone like this makes it feel like I'm back to my usual life.)
Kohane: (I'll have to take time off from school again in order to compete in RUSH BEATS...)
Kohane: (...So I want to cherish every second of this time.)
(Black cut)
