1 1410:areatalk_ev_band_08_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Saki: Humhuum♪
Ichika: You seem pretty happy today, Saki.
Saki: Yup♪ That's because we're testing out those new snacks in SEKAI today!
Saki: I even snagged the special flavor of the chips I like, so I really wanna try them with everyone!
Ichika: Special flavor? What kind?
Saki: Regular salt, but they used these legendary potatoes grown by only a few farmers!
Ichika: L-Legendary potatoes? I'm not sure what they're like, but that sounds really good...
Saki: I know, right?! It's like whenever you see double-sized yakisoba buns go on sale for a limited time, Ichi! I'm that excited!
Ichika: Huh? H-Hang on... I get this excited whenever that happens?


2 1411:areatalk_ev_band_08_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Ichika: Honami, what are you looking at? A photo?
Honami: It's a picture of Shibao I took yesterday. He hasn't been getting much exercise lately and started putting on a little weight. See how he's a little rounder compared to the last one I showed you...?
Ichika: Hmm... I guess so...?
Ichika: Oh, it hasn't put on any weight per se, but my cactus grew a little bigger recently... Here.
Honami: Um... Maybe around the base? It does seem a little fuller...
Ichika: Haha. I guess it's too subtle. But it's easy to see these small changes because I look after it every day.
Honami: Hehe. I know exactly what you mean. It's kind of nice how you can only see these things because they're your family.
Ichika: Yeah, it is.


3 1412:areatalk_ev_band_08_003

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Ichika, did you find the CD you were looking for?
Ichika: I did. Look...!
Shiho: Oh, this artist. You lent me one of their other CDs before because you recommended their Miku music so much.
Ichika: You remembered, Shiho?!
Shiho: Yeah. The fourth track on that album really left an impression on me.
Shiho: In particular, I really liked the strings section they used for the second verse. They even used a real guitar instead of programming one in too.
Ichika: It left that big an impression on you? I'm glad you liked it so much.
Shiho: Hehe. The way you talked about them made me want to listen to their music.
Ichika: Really?! In that case, I'll lend you everything I have! I'll bring it to school next time!
Shiho: You will? Thanks, I'll be looking forward to it.


4 1413:areatalk_ev_band_08_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Megurine Luka)

Ichika: Luka, perfect! Are you free right now?
Luka: Oh, Ichika, hello. Yes, but may I ask why?
Ichika: So, I saw you at the Scramble Crossing... Here, on this big screen...
Luka: Oh, you're right... My hair's braided in such a cute way too.
Ichika: It's actually the cover art for this one Luka artist's new song.
Ichika: I felt like I had to show you and tried taking a picture...
Luka: Hehe. But it ended up being a bit blurry.
Ichika: Haha... The commercial ended before I could retake it, but I can always bring the CD over once it releases...!
Luka: Yes, I'd like to see it sometime. I can't wait to hear it either since this version of me looks so adorable.


5 1414:areatalk_ev_band_08_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: So you all have work today?
Honami: Yes. We'll have to wait until tomorrow to practice.
Saki: Okay... I'm just a little bummed because we've been practicing every day lately.
Ichika: It's just one day. We'll be back at it tomorrow.
Shiho: If you want to practice that much, we can spend tomorrow trying to make up for the time we're losing today.
Saki: Wait... Did I just stir up a hornet's nest?
Ichika: Hehe. To be fair, we usually cover a lot during practice anyway.
Saki: Haha. True.
Honami: Hehe. Oh, I should get going. I need to be at Ms. Yoisaki's place soon.
Shiho: Yeah, I should head out too.
Saki: Okay♪ See you all tomorrow♪
Ichika: Yeah, see you tomorrow.
Ichika: (Just like that, we're agreeing to practice the next day and getting things done like we planned...)
Ichika: (I know it's not anything special, but it's so fun to do that each day.)
Ichika: (I need to do my best to make sure things stay this way.)


