1 1436:areatalk_ev_street_08_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: Shinonome, thanks for helping me out with the flyers the other day.
Akito: I mean, they're for the event we're putting on, so it seems natural to ask each other for help.
Akito: Anyway, did they turn out the way you imagined?
Kohane: Yeah! Oh, An's dad said he liked them too. Especially the colors and overall design!
Akito: Really? Well, if they turned out that well, then good for us.


2 1437:areatalk_ev_street_08_002

[Main Street]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Hey, is it me or have you been really tired lately?
An: So, after we did our event, a ton of customers have apparently been showing up at my place.
Akito: All because of our event?
An: Not sure, but some have been asking about the event and stuff...
An: Anyway, my dad's both happy and going a little crazy over how busy we've been.
Akito: Yeah, it's kinda hard to say if our event's the cause, but it'd be nice if it were. Also, don't push yourself too hard.
An: I know! Hehe. I want our next event to have the same effect... No, an even bigger effect on everyone!


3 1439:areatalk_ev_street_08_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Hang on. This is where we're supposed to meet, right? Where are Kohane and Akito?
Toya: Yes. I was just looking for them too... Oh, there they are. In the shadow of that building.
An: Huh?! K-Kohane, why are you crying?!
Akito: Oh, there you guys are.
An: Yes, we're here! And what's the meaning of this?!
Kohane: No, I'm not crying! I was just putting in some eye drops after a gust blew something into my eye...
An: Oh, thank goodness. You had me worried there for a second...
Akito: What is it...?
Toya: I was just wondering why you two were in the shadow of this building, but now I understand that it was to protect her against the wind.
Kohane: Yeah, Shinonome suggested that we wait over here.
Akito: Because you probably didn't want anything else getting in your eye, right?
Toya: Right...
Akito: *Sigh* Anyway, we're all here now, so let's head over to the live house.


4 1440:areatalk_ev_street_08_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Len: Let's do this, KAITO! Rock! Paper! Scissors!
KAITO: Okay, I win again. That's five for five!
Len: Th-There has to be something wrong! Why?! How?!
Akito: Why are you two shouting?
Len: Aha! Akito, play rock paper scissors with me. Ready? Rock! Paper! Scissors!
Akito: Okay... Paper covers rock. I win.
Len: H-How did you win?! Am I just that bad at this game?
Akito: No, Len, it's probably because you have a tell. Just now, you tensed up like crazy before throwing out your rock.
KAITO: Ah, Akito, well done. You have a good eye.
KAITO: Your subsequent choices are also fairly easy to guess. For instance, you have a habit of going with scissors for the next game after I win using paper.
KAITO: It may be that you're subconsciously being drawn towards whatever your opponent's thrown.
Len: R-Really?!
Len: Wait... If that's the case, why am I able to beat Toya? This other time, we did rock paper scissors for the last bit of some snacks.
Akito: Oh, that's probably because...
KAITO: (He probably lost on purpose...)


5 1441:areatalk_ev_street_08_006

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO, KAITO)

Miku (VBS): KAITO, do you have a minute? There's something we'd like to ask of you.
KAITO: Sorry, Miku! I'm completely stuffed as it is right now.
MEIKO: KAITO, we're not here to ask you to taste test anything today...
Miku (VBS): Right. We were hoping that you'd lend us an amp since we'll be doing some singing practice with Kohane and the others...
KAITO: Oh, thank goodness...
Miku (VBS): Thank goodness? What's that supposed to mean?
KAITO: Huh?! Uhh... Remember how much you had me eat last time? If I had to do that again, I'll have to start watching my weight...
Miku (VBS): Oh, I see. That probably was a bit too much for one person to handle. I'll keep that in mind for our next taste test.
MEIKO: Yes, I'll be careful as well since I suspect I'm going to have to help out again.
KAITO: Okay, thank you.
KAITO: (Especially you, MEIKO! For goodness sake, please throw me a bone!)


