1 2358:areatalk_ev_band_18_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hey, look! They're playing that new potato chip commercial!
Ichika: Oh, you're right. Wait, mystery flavor? Taste the deep sea...?
Shiho: Mystery flavor? What's that supposed to mean...?
Honami: They showed a few illustrations of deep-sea fish in their commercial, but that doesn't mean they used them to create this flavor, does it?
Saki: Who knows? What if the ingredients list says that they used oarfish or something♪
Shiho: Are oarfish those ones that look like giant sea snakes with fins on their backs?
Honami: Yes, but they're supposed to be very rare. I'm not sure you can use them to flavor potato chips...
Ichika: I mean, can you even eat them?
Saki: Aww, you guys are no fun. The best part of all this is buying a bag to find out what they taste like!
Saki: *Sigh* I hope we get to write a song for one of their commercials someday!
Ichika: When we do, I hope we're assigned a much simpler flavor...


2 2359:areatalk_ev_band_18_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Ichika: On my way to school this morning, someone from another school asked me if I was Ichika Hoshino from Leo/need.
Saki: Really?! That's great, Ichi! What did you do?
Ichika: I just said, “Yes, that's me.” And I shook hands with them...
Honami: You're like a celebrity now. Do you know if that person is a fan of yours?
Ichika: No idea... But they said that they also play music, so they could be in a band.
Saki: Cool! Then, we might've become their role models after the release of our debut CD♪
Honami: Hehe. That'd certainly be nice.


3 2360:areatalk_ev_band_18_003

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Oh, last night, I had a dream about us when we were little.
Shiho: Really? We have been talking about us back then recently. What happened in your dream...?
Ichika: The four of us had practice.
Ichika: But Miku, Luka and our current selves appeared partway through. We ended up playing in a tightly packed studio.
Shiho: Wait, Miku and Luka I get, but does that mean there were two of the rest of us?
Ichika: Yeah, it was really fun. Elementary school me and high school me got to talk about our favorite Miku songs too.
Shiho: I guess that can only happen in a dream.
Shiho: You from elementary school... In actuality, she'd be your ideal conversation partner for talking about Miku, right?
Ichika: We'd probably get along really well. I hope I dream about her again since there's so much we didn't get to talk about...


4 2361:areatalk_ev_band_18_004

[School SEKAI - Station]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Len (Ln): Come to think of it, Ichika, do all stations look like this where you're from?
Ichika: The platform looks more or less the same. But stations are seldom this quiet.
Ichika: Normally, you'd hear announcements about the trains that are going to arrive on each platform, people talking as they wait for their train to come and the sounds of wheels rolling on the tracks.
Miku (Ln): Sounds like a very lively scene.
Ichika: Yeah. Mornings are especially busy because of all the people going to work and school.
Len (Ln): Oh, and the trains get really packed? I know it's not all that pleasant, but I kinda want to experience it just one time.
Miku (Ln): Saki told me that people who don't weigh very much float to the top.
Len (Ln): F-Float?!
Ichika: That's never happened to me, but I've also heard rumors.
Len (Ln): R-Really...? I guess you shouldn't take crowded trains lightly.


5 2362:areatalk_ev_band_18_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Huh? Where's Ichika...?
Honami: She's in the broadcasting booth. She's apparently on duty today.
Saki: That means... She's doing today's broadcast!
Saki: Are Minori and Haruka at school today?! Oh, we also gotta tell Kohane and Emu!
Shiho: Kohane probably already knows since she's in the same class as Ichika.
Shiho: Also, they'll know the second she starts talking, so you don't have to go around telling them...
Saki: But they might not notice if they're having a fun conversation or something!
Saki: First, I'm gonna send Minori and Haruka a message... Hona, you tell Emu!
Honami: Hehe. Okay.
Shiho: *Sigh*
Shiho: (Ichika would be so embarrassed if she knew Saki was blowing things way out of proportion like this.)


6 2387:areatalk_monthly2410_001

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: Please, Ichika!! I need your help!!
Ichika: Huh?! Wh-What's wrong...?!
Tsukasa: The thing is, Saki asked me to go out and buy a CD by one of her favorite bands, but I'm struggling to find it.
Tsukasa: I'm sorry, but would you mind helping me out?
Ichika: Oh, is that all? Are you talking about the one they released yesterday?
Ichika: I think I know where we can find it, so follow me.
Tsukasa: Oh, really?! How do I even begin to thank you, Ichika!!
Ichika: Y-You're welcome, but we might want to keep the volume down...!


