1 1015:areatalk_ev_idol_04_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: How long have you liked penguins, Haruka?
Haruka: I think since I was in elementary school. It's just so cute how they waddle.
Shizuku: Hehe. You've liked them for quite a long time then.
Haruka: I have. I also find how round a lot of penguin goods are shaped. So cute and comforting.
Haruka: But I like real penguins too. I'll never get tired of how they can glide through the water the way they do.
Shizuku: Oh, I definitely understand what you mean. I could watch Shii all day and never get tired of it.
Shizuku: Unfortunately, she might get mad at me if I actually do that... Sigh...


2 1016:areatalk_ev_idol_04_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Haruka: Airi, I came up with a new idea for our stream. Would you mind taking a look at it?
Airi: Sure, let's see it...
Airi: Wait, you said that you'd take it easy yesterday. You weren't lying, were you?
Haruka: No, I went to bed two hours earlier than usual. I got this idea when I was out jogging this morning.
Airi: Okay, if you managed to get more sleep than normal then I don't see a problem...
Airi: Just make sure to keep taking breaks and getting rest when you can, alright? That way, your mind and body will always be 100% ready.
Haruka: Yeah, I'll do that. Thanks, Airi.


3 1017:areatalk_ev_idol_04_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Haruka! I... I... I'd to ask you something!
Haruka: Sure, what is it? Also, you don't have to be so formal...
Minori: O-Okay! It's that... I'd like to have a study party with you!
Minori: Some of my classmates and I have been studying together already since we have exams coming up, but I thought it'd be nice to have you there too...!
Haruka: A study party? I used to have those all the time with my friends. Sure, I'll come.
Minori: Really?! Yay! Okay, I'll make sure my room's clean for when it happens♪


4 1018:areatalk_ev_idol_04_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Oh, Shizuku sent me a reply! Let's see... <I got up before my mom came to wake me today.> I'll add a smiley-face stamp at the end too...
Shizuku: Oh, already. Minori's always so quick to respond. And what a cute stamp! I'll send one too. Let's see, I go here and...
Haruka: ...
Airi: Uh, Minori, Shizuku... I want to talk about the chat group we made for the four of us...
Minori: <Oh, okay! I'm sorry about falling asleep on you last night.>
Airi: That's all good. Staying up late is bad for the skin anyway...
Shizuku: <What would you like to...?> Oh no, it got cut off again. <Sorry about...>
Airi: Time out, Shizuku! You don't need to keep sending stuff if you know you're gonna keep making typos like that...!
Airi: Plus, we're all right here, so can't you just tell us?
Minori & Shizuku: <Oh, right...!>
Minori: Y-You're right! I'm sorry, it's just so much fun to play with all these stamps!
Haruka: Minori has so many too.
Shizuku: Yes, she does. I'd like to learn how to use them too, but it's also just so much fun trying to pick out the right one...!
Airi: No, you need to work on your typing skills before you start using any stamps...!
Airi: And more to the point, message each other when we're not literally right next to each other!


5 1019:areatalk_ev_idol_04_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: MEIKO)

MEIKO: Ah—ah—ah~♪ Okay, that should be good♪
MEIKO: Let's see, today is... A quick 30-minute show followed by a few hour-long shows where I have to move between different stages.
MEIKO: Hehe. It's almost like I'm doing a one-man tour! Time to give it everything I've got♪


6 1020:areatalk_ev_idol_04_006

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Miku (MMJ): I knew that you could sing some really powerful songs, but I didn't know that you could do cute songs too♪
Miku (MMJ): What should I practice or work on to be able to sing the way you do?
MEIKO: Well, I'm not sure if it's something you can practice, but I just try to stay true to the theme of each song.
MEIKO: When a song feels powerful or emotional, I try to wear something and dance in a way that's reflective of that theme.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, okay. So I should try to take a more visual approach...?
MEIKO: Yes, that sounds about right♪ And it's important to create the right mood too, right? Like appearing cool or cute, you know?
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Your style really matches up with your natural playfulness, MEIKO. I really admire that♪


7 1021:areatalk_ev_idol_04_007

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Rin, that was a great show!
Rin: MEIKO! You made it!
MEIKO: Yes, I'm glad I did. Your show was so much fun♪ Each song was so cute and full of energy that it felt like the entire set list really captured who you are, Rin!
Rin: Hehe. I actually had Airi help me choose those songs!
Rin: I wanted to put on a show that could energize everyone watching. When I asked her for some advice, she listened to a bunch of my songs and came up with this list♪
MEIKO: Oh, I didn't know that.
Rin: Not only does Airi know a lot about idols, she's really good at coming up with set lists♪
MEIKO: Yes, that is a useful skill to have! I happen to be in the middle of coming up with a set list, so I think I'll ask her for some advice too♪


8 1022:areatalk_ev_idol_04_008

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Luuuka♪
Luka: Huh? MEIKO, why are you hoking my heek?
MEIKO: No reason. I just felt like it♪
Luka: Hehe. Then I'll just have to poke you back! Take this!
MEIKO: Eek! H-Hey, you're supposed to pull on my cheek! No, wait...! Hahaha! S-Stop, not my armpit! That tickles...!


9 1058:areatalk_monthly2106_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Good morning, Haruka!
Haruka: Oh, Minori. Good morning... Hm...?
Haruka: Did you cut your bangs?
Minori: Gasp...! Yes, I did...! They were bothering me a little, especially when we dance and stuff, so I had my mom trim them for me.
Haruka: I see. It's very natural and looks nice. Your mom must be really talented.
Minori: Hehe. Thanks!
Minori: (I didn't think Haruka would notice...! I have to work extra hard during practice today!)


10 1059:areatalk_monthly2106_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Minori, is it me or do you seem more limber?
Minori: Can you tell? I've been copying you guys and stretching lots every day after baths♪
Minori: You also said that flexibility helps keep you from getting injured, especially when we have to change our tempo or shift around a lot, right?
Airi: Yeah, that's right. You'll be able to do more because of that too!
Airi: Since you've been doing so well, Minori, let me show you a secret stretch of mine that's both easy and effective!
Minori: You will? Thanks you so much, Airi! I'm all ears!


11 1060:areatalk_monthly2106_006

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Luka: One, two, three, four♪
Shizuku: Every time I see you dance, Luka, I just think you're so amazing.
Haruka: I agree. Whenever you jump, you seems so light on your feet and never let your axis tilt by even a degree...
Haruka: Would you mind giving us some tips as to how you do that routine?
Luka: Sure. When I jump, I just imagine myself becoming a cloud and floating away♪
Shizuku: A cloud?
Luka: Yes. I'll just float away like a fluffy cloud. Then I land toes first.
Haruka: I see... I didn't know you paid such close attention to each move like that. No wonder it looked so beautiful...
Luka: Hehe. It's easy once you get used to it♪ Try focusing on landing right first. You can worry about jumping high later.
Shizuku: Yes, I think I understand! Would you like to try it, Haruka?
Haruka: Yeah, let's!
Luka: (Hehe. I knew that Minori and Airi were hard workers, but these two really are no different. You can't help but cheer for all of them♪)


