1 962:areatalk_ev_shuffle_06_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: Oh, this song...
Ichika: What song?
Kohane: Um, the song that's coming from that store was recommended to me by a friend and I've sort of been curious about it.
Ichika: I see. This sort of sounds like rap rock or rap metal.
Kohane: Yes, exactly...! Do you know a lot about this kind of music, Ichika?
Ichika: Not that much, but I've been listening to it a little to see if I can pick up anything from it...
Ichika: But now that you mention it, how does going to a CD shop now sound...?
Ichika: Since we've become friends, I'd like to hear more about what music you like.
Kohane: Okay! I'd like to hear more about what you like too, Ichika!


2 963:areatalk_ev_shuffle_06_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: Oh, hello. You're buying lunch here today too, Ichika?
Ichika: I already bought what I need. But I was handed this...
Kohane: School Store Inventory Survey... Please tell us about any products that you wish to see being sold, your opinion on products that are already being sold and any additional comments you may have...
Ichika: I suppose I'd say that I like yakisoba buns, but also sometimes wish they'd have mayonnaise available on the side.
Ichika: Do you think something like, It would be nice if mayo packets were available for purchase, is an acceptable response? It feels a little selfish...
Kohane: Hehe. I don't see why not. I believe that's what they'd like to hear.
Kohane: And I'm sure everyone that gets salads here would like that as well. They might actually be able to cater to a lot of people by doing this!
Ichika: Right... Thanks, Kohane. I'll write down just that then!


3 964:areatalk_ev_shuffle_06_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

Minori: Oh, look! A street performer!
Kohane: You're right...! How are they juggling all those big boxes like that?!
Minori: Yeah! While making clear eye contact with everyone watching too... Oh, I know...!
Kohane: Minori...?
Minori: What if I did a juggling routine for our next video? Then I'd be able to stand toe to toe with Haruka's idol aura...!
Kohane: Um... She'd probably make you stop right there...
Minori: Haha. Yeah, you're right...


4 965:areatalk_ev_shuffle_06_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: Hm? Minori, don't you usually bring your own lunch today?
Minori: I do. I even made one... But I must have left it at home...
Minori: My mom just sent me a message saying, It was delicious, and I realized that I forgot it...
Minori: Sob... I left my wallet at home too... Why didn't she bring it to me...?!
Kohane: Oh, dear... How about we split my lunch?
Minori: What? No, I couldn't...! You won't get enough to eat, Kohane!
Kohane: Don't worry about me. I'm going to the cafe that my friend's dad runs later, so I can get something there if I get hungry again.
Kohane: Oh, but we should get you a pair of chopsticks from the cafeteria!
Minori: Kohane, thank you so much...! You're a lifesaver!!


5 966:areatalk_ev_shuffle_06_005

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

Minori: Ichika, over here!
Ichika: Thanks for waiting, Minori, Kohane! I've been looking forward to today!
Kohane: Hehe. Me too! This is gonna be so much fun! The three of us finally get to go out together like this!
Minori: Where should we go first? Main Street? The mall?
Ichika: I don't really have anything in mind... Is there somewhere you two want to go?
Kohane: Then how about the mall...? My teammate told me about this new apparel store that just opened there, so we can check that out!
Kohane: It's supposed to be all about street fashion and cool outfits!
Minori: Oh, that sounds fun! But can I pull off anything like that...?
Ichika: I usually just wear the same sort of thing all the time too, so this might be a nice change of pace for the both of us.
Minori: Okay, then we should go! Lead the way, Kohane!


6 967:areatalk_ev_shuffle_06_006

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: Hum♪ Humhuuum♪
Minori: You seem happy, Kohane! Did something good happen?
Kohane: Hehe. Can you tell? There's a new live house opening on Kamiyama Street soon.
Kohane: My friend's dad knows the owner and we were invited as a team to perform in the pre-opening show that they're putting on.
Ichika: Invited?! That's great...!
Minori: That means your team must be really famous in the street music scene, Kohane!
Kohane: No, everyone else is so much better than me! I'm still nowhere near them...!
Ichika: Really? They're that good...?
Ichika: I'd like to see you perform sometime, Kohane...
Kohane: The venues we go to are sort of all over the place, so it might be hard to find a time that works but... What if I told you where we're playing next once we know?
Ichika: Yes, please do...!


7 968:areatalk_ev_shuffle_06_007

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Ichika: Hmm... Which one to choose...?
Luka: Oh, you brought quite a few CDs today.
Ichika: Yes, I did. I borrowed them from some friends I met the other day and was wondering which to start with.
MEIKO: Oh, let me see! Hmm... This one's an idol CD and... Hey, a hip hop CD...!
Ichika: Yes, they lent me some music they recommended.
Luka: And so many different genres... Hehe. I'd like to have a listen too.
MEIKO: Me too! Oh, I know...! What if we choose the CD and you choose which track to play, Ichika?
Ichika: That might work. Otherwise, we'd be browsing all day.
Ichika: That is, if you don't mind, Luka, MEIKO. Shall we choose and get started?
Luka: Yes, of course.


8 969:areatalk_ev_shuffle_06_008

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Ichika, you played that last part so well!
Miku (Ln): She's right. You're starting to get a good feel for the parts you've been trying to figure out too.
Ichika: Really? Thank goodness... I practiced so hard at home yesterday too. I'm glad I asked you for advice, Miku!
MEIKO: Oh, your advice worked...? Good for you, Miku!
Miku (Ln): It was nothing. Ichika did it all by herself...
MEIKO: Haha. But your face just turned bright red!
Miku (Ln): Wh-What are you talking about...?
Ichika: Hehe. I have to agree with her.
Miku (Ln): What? You too, Ichika...? Sigh...
Ichika & MEIKO: Hehe.


9 970:areatalk_ev_shuffle_06_009

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

MEIKO: I've been wondering, do flowers in SEKAI actually bloom?
Miku (Ln): I'm sure the ones around this campus and in the courtyard will, but why do you ask...?
MEIKO: I saw Luka set up a flower vase the other day. Flowers are one thing, but I didn't even know we had any of those lying around either.
Luka: Hehe. I don't think it's strange to see flower vases here.
Luka: When Saki was in the hospital, Ichika visited and often brought her flowers.
MEIKO: I see... So which one of them do you think is responsible for them appearing here?
Miku (Ln): Isn't it obvious? Both of them.
MEIKO: Oh, really?
Luka: I'm sure of it.


10 971:areatalk_ev_shuffle_06_010

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Miku (Ln): Hey, how about we practice the song Ichika and the girls have been working on?
MEIKO: Sure... Wait, you just want to practice it now and show off to them later, right?
Miku (Ln): No, it's not like that... I just want to be able to give them some pointers if they ask for any help.
MEIKO: Haha. Sorry, that's not what I meant! I was just joking!
Miku (Ln): Really...?
Miku (Ln): Uh oh... Luka, help!
Luka: Hehe. Oh, MEIKO... It's not very nice to tease her like that.
MEIKO: Aww, you're no fun. You're on her side now?
Luka: Oh? I always try to be there for my juniors.


11 978:areatalk_ev_shuffle_03_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Nene Kusanagi)

Ichika: That was kind of surprising. I've never been asked directions by someone from another country before.
Nene: Y-Yeah. Same here...
Ichika: I'm glad that I was with you when it happened. If I were by myself, I wouldn't have even thought of using my phone's translation app.
Nene: Well, I've made it a habit to check a device's specs, including what they're capable of...
Nene: I've also had my eye on this feature for a while now, since it makes it so I don't actually have to talk.
Ichika: I see...
Ichika: (I guess This is what it means to be shy, but I'm glad that I can finally talk to her like this.)


