1 2343:areatalk_ev_shuffle_47_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Emu: Oh, Asahina! Hello☆
Honami: Are you also having lunch in the courtyard?
Mafuyu: Yes. I stopped by the school store to buy something while I was running an errand for my teacher, and I was thinking that eating here would be quicker than going all the way back to my classroom.
Mafuyu: And you two... Hehe. Are you having a picnic?
Honami: Yes, since it's so nice out. We used to be in the same class, so it's a reunion of sorts.
Emu: Oh, Asahina, would you like to join us?! Everything always tastes better when you eat with friends☆
Honami: I agree. Oh, but you don't have to if you don't want to...
Mafuyu: Thank you. I think I will join you.


2 2344:areatalk_ev_shuffle_47_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Honami, I saw you cleaning the flower beds just now. Is the cleanup committee working today?
Honami: Actually, no... I noticed a few flowers that didn't seem to be doing very well when we were working the other day...
Honami: I became a little worried, so I came to check up on them...
Honami: And I decided to do some cleaning while I was at it.
Shizuku: Oh, really? How are those flowers doing now?
Honami: I was worried, so I went to the teacher about them. They apparently should be fine since they don't appear to be sick or anything.
Honami: But I'm still a bit concerned, which is why I keep going back to check on them...
Shizuku: I see... Hehe. That's very like you, Honami.


3 2345:areatalk_ev_shuffle_47_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Seriously, Honami, I never would have thought I'd run into you at the sewing lounge!
Mizuki: Were you working on some clothes for your dog today?
Honami: That's right. The sewing machine we have at home broke... Now I'm very glad that you told me about that place, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Oh, you are?! Nice assist, me! I always love it when my circle of sewing buddies expands...
Honami: Hehe. I'm happy to be one of them.
Honami: Oh, if you'd like, what if we came here together in the future sometime?
Honami: If possible, I'd like to learn any tips and tricks that you can show me with regard to Shibao's clothes. I mean, you're just so good at making alterations.
Mizuki: Yeah, no problem! Then, I'll let you know the next time I plan on going!
Honami: Okay, I'll be looking forward to hearing from you.


4 2346:areatalk_ev_shuffle_47_004

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Noooo! It refuses to give me the character I want...!
Emu: I tried out this capsule machine a bunch of times too, but it keeps giving me Masked Churro Man. It just won't give me the final boss, Count Meat Bun...
Mizuki: Hmm... Maybe they ran out... But this is the only machine around here with stuff from the Popcorn Knight series...
Mafuyu: Mizuki, it's almost time for us to meet with...
Mizuki: But it might give us Count Meat Bun next. Lemme go make some change and...
Mafuyu: Mizuki.
Mizuki & Emu: Eep...!
Mizuki: O-Okay, we can go now... See you later, Emu...!


5 2347:areatalk_ev_shuffle_47_005

[Main Street]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Emu Otori)

Emu: Hi, Hinomori!
Shizuku: Hello, Otori. Going out and about today?
Emu: Yes! I'm exploring!
Emu: I'm checking out streets I've never been down before and turning at corners I haven't turned at before.
Emu: I was just thinking about going down that really narrow alleyway next!
Shizuku: Oh, that sounds like fun. And it'd be a nice opportunity for me to see some streets for the first time...
Shizuku: Would it be alright if I joined your expedition, Otori?
Emu: Of course! All are welcome on my city expedition♪ Now, let's go exploring☆
Shizuku: Let's go!


