1 2537:areatalk_ev_idol_20_001

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Haruka: Hey, everyone. How did your new workouts go?
Minori: They were really hard since they mostly involved core exercises... But we managed to get through everything!
Airi: Yeah, my abs feel like jelly... But we got to work on our deep core muscles, so I've gotta think we're getting a lot of out them!
Shizuku: Thank you again for coming up with individual workouts for each of us, Haruka. We know it probably wasn't easy.
Haruka: Actually, it wasn't. I like coming up with workouts like these, and I also ended up learning a lot.
Haruka: But this is just a small taste of what I have in store for all of you. I plan on making any necessary adjustments to ensure that we get the most out of our workouts.
Haruka: It's going to be a bit tough at times, but let's all do our best to raise our standards as idols.
Minori, Airi & Shizuku: Yeah! Yes!


2 2538:areatalk_ev_idol_20_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: You want me to look at a proposal?
Haruka: Yeah, it's for our next stream... You're able to see things from the point of view of our fans, so I'd really appreciate your advice.
Minori: You can count on me! I can't wait to see what you wrote♪
Haruka: Thanks. So, if you can give these documents a quick glance...
Minori: What?! All of these...?!
Haruka: They sort of piled up as I worked on them between gigs... But you don't have to go through all of them. Just try to take a look a what you can.
Minori: No, I'll read them all! Especially since you went through the trouble of coming up with them, Haruka!


3 2539:areatalk_ev_idol_20_003

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Megurine Luka)

Haruka: Hello, Luka. Today, I brought you a little gift.
Luka (MMJ): Oh, thank you. What are these little cakes? “Yawafuwa Hoppe”...?
Haruka: I just happened to come across them on my way home from school. They're really soft and squishy... Like your cheeks, Luka.
Luka (MMJ): I see. They look delicious, but... Haruka, is this what my cheeks look like to you?
Haruka: Huh? No, that isn't what I...
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. I was joking. I'll have these after practice.
Haruka: Oh, Luka...


4 2540:areatalk_ev_idol_20_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kagamine Len)

Len (MMJ): One, two, three, four...!
Haruka: Hi, Len. Practicing for your next show?
Len (MMJ): Yeah, I'm working really hard for it. But I'm having a little trouble with this choreography...
Haruka: In that case, why don't you try paying attention to where you're facing? That should help you maintain your balance better, and you should look sharper as a result...
Len (MMJ): Adjust where I look, huh...? Thanks, I'll give that a try.
Len (MMJ): One, two, three, four...!
Haruka: (I need to learn from his example...)


5 2541:areatalk_ev_idol_20_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, MEIKO)

MEIKO (MMJ): Shizuku, Airi, take a look!
MEIKO (MMJ): This is my cute pose, and...
MEIKO (MMJ): This is my elegant pose♪ Which do you two think is better?
Shizuku: Oh, they're both so good! Are these your new poses, MEIKO?
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes! I thought that I should do my best to show some new sides of me♪
Airi: That's great. I'm sure your fans are going to love seeing you in a new light.
Airi: Can we try them out with you, MEIKO?
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, of course! I'm looking forward to seeing you two in a new light!


6 2567:areatalk_monthly2503_001

[Stage SEKAI - Flower Field]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Haruka: Phew... We had a lot to think about this week, so it's nice to be able to come here and relax.
Shizuku: (Not only did we have all those meetings for work, she's been discussing things quite a lot with Saito as our group's producer...)
Shizuku: Oh, I know... Would you mind closing your eyes for me, Haruka?
Haruka: Huh? Okay...?
Shizuku: Chirp, chirp... Peep, peep...
Haruka: Hehe. I'm hearing little birds... Where could they have come from?
Shizuku: Peep, p-p-peep♪ Peep, peep, peep♪
Haruka: Oh, are they singing for me? Thank you, my feathery friends. I'm feeling much better already.
Shizuku: Really? I'm sure these birds are also feeling happy after seeing your beautiful smile.


7 2568:areatalk_monthly2503_002

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, KAITO)

Haruka: Come to think of it, KAITO, what do you usually do when you're not busy working as an idol or a manager?
KAITO (MMJ): Oh, when I'm not doing either? Hmm... That's a tough one...
KAITO (MMJ): I usually try to take my mind off of things by reorganizing the costumes or thinking about the theme for our next show. I guess in the end, I still end up thinking about idol business.
Haruka: Yes, I had a feeling. It's actually sort of what I expected.
Haruka: I understand that, though. I'm prone to thinking like that, myself.
KAITO (MMJ): Right. But it's also kind of nice, isn't it? It feels like proof we've found our calling.
Haruka: Yes, I feel the same way.


8 2569:areatalk_monthly2503_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: It feels like it's been so long since we got to sit down and chat while we have lunch together like this.
Shizuku: Oh, how have Ichika and Saki been? Shii seems like she's been having quite a lot of fun lately, so I'm sure they have been as well...
Honami: Yes, they've both been enjoying themselves very much. Ichika's been all smiles since morning since the Miku CD she preordered has come in.
Honami: And Saki was so happy this morning after seeing on TV that she got the best horoscope. It was the first thing she mentioned when we ran into each other in the corridor earlier.
Shizuku: Hehe. I can just picture her skipping and smiling.
Shizuku: Thank you, Honami. I'm so glad to hear that you're all having so much fun.
Honami: I'm glad I could tell you that! I hope we get to do this again soon.


