1 1426:areatalk_ev_shuffle_19_001

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Whoa! What was that sound?! Did something explode just now?!
Rui: Hm? Mizuki, I didn't realize you were at school today.
Mizuki: R-Rui! That sound just now wasn't you, was it? What did you explode this time?
Rui: You're making it sound like I've done this before. My pneumatics experiment happened to carve a hole in the ground just now.
Mizuki: Yeah, that's called an explosion. Also, Tsukasa's bangs got all singed this one time because of what you did.
Rui: Oh, no... That was more of a trigger malfunction as opposed to an explosion...
Teacher's Voice: Kamishiro! Where's Kamishiro?!
Mizuki: You can tell the teacher all these excuses. Anyway, bye. I'd rather not be made an accessory to whatever you did.
Rui: But we're in the middle of a conversation. Aren't you interested in hearing exactly what I exploded?
Mizuki: Oh? Yes, I'm interested, but the teacher's right there... Rui, you knew, didn't you?!
Rui: What are you going on about? Since we're here, I'll tell you all about it. Hehehe.


2 1427:areatalk_ev_shuffle_19_002

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

Rui: I'm glad we managed to get through the Sports Festival and cheering competition okay.
An: Same. We even managed to win the cheering competition for the blue team! Also, I'm really glad that you didn't break the rules!
Mizuki: Rules? What are you talking about?
An: The thing is, when Kamishiro decided to join the cheer squad, we held an emergency hall monitor meeting...
Mizuki: Oh...
Rui: Yes, you seemed worried that I'd try using fire or something else that's considered dangerous.
An: But the cheering competition if the main entrée of our school's Sports Festival, so there were some who wanted to include stuff like that.
An: So I needed to emphasize the rules the committee and I had come up with by saying, “This is too dangerous, so please refrain from including it.”
Mizuki: Really? I didn't know that!
Mizuki: All this was going on behind the scenes of the cheering competition! Hey, can you tell me more about these rules? Please!


3 1429:areatalk_ev_shuffle_19_004

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

An: *Sigh* The Sports Festival just ended. Why are they making us take all these tests now?
Akito: I know, right...? I don't want to think about what Toya's gonna say if I do bad, so let's just do our best to get through them...
An: Yeah, I don't want to make Kohane sad either...
Mizuki: You two say that, but something tells me that you're in deep trouble♪
An: Mizuki, don't jinx us like that. We're serious about this.
Mizuki: Haha. Sorry. But aren't you two worrying way too much about these tests?
Mizuki: I mean, they tell you exactly where to study, so it's easy-peasy as long as you read through each textbook, right?
Akito: What are you talking about? How...?
Akito: Wait, that's right! Akiyama, you get good grades...!
Mizuki: Huh?
An: Come to think of it, I've never seen you fall below average on tests and stuff before, Mizuki!
Akito: Seriously? That's incredible. This might be the first time I've ever felt any respect for you.
Mizuki: Um... I appreciate the compliment, but...
Mizuki: (They're both more than capable of doing fine on their own. All they'd have to do is try a little, but I guess they hate studying just that much.)


4 1430:areatalk_ev_shuffle_19_005

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: Well, if it isn't Akito! There's something I...
Akito: No way!
Tsukasa: B-But I haven't said anything yet. Also, you don't have to be so forceful with your rejection.
Akito: That's to keep you from dragging me into another weird mess. So, bye!
Tsukasa: No, wait, wait, wait! I just want you to relay a message to Toya!
Tsukasa: A “grown-up version” of this puzzle book where you have to find these people is apparently going to be released, and it's supposed to be much more difficult!
Akito: Okay, and...?
Tsukasa: I was overcome by nostalgia and would like to try it out with Toya. Of course, you're welcome to join us as well!
Akito: Alright, I'll tell Toya, but couldn't you have just sent him a message yourself...?
Tsukasa: I appreciate it! I'll let you know when I get a copy of the book!
Akito: Ugh... Doesn't he ever listen to what people say?!


5 1431:areatalk_ev_shuffle_19_006

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: You're still pretty fast, huh, Akito?
Akito: What are you saying? I'm not going to the convenience store for you.
Ena: Huh? That's not what I meant.
Akito: No, I can tell by the look on your face. You were definitely about to say, “Some Basque cheesecake sounds really good right now.”
Ena: Oh...
Akito: Huh...?
Ena: How did you know? You got all that from my facial expression. Creepy.
Akito: Seriously? Honestly, I was just kidding. Also, I knew it! You were about to make me fetch something!


6 1433:areatalk_ev_shuffle_19_008

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi)

Toya: Kusanagi, mind if I ask you something...?
Nene: Huh? Wh-Why me...? Can't you just ask split-personality guy or Tsukasa?
Toya: No, I have a feeling they won't give me a straight answer.
Toya: Which is why I'd like to ask you... Am I an unathletic person?
Nene: Huh...?
Toya: When I went to that sports facility with my friends, as well as during the recent Sports Festival, I didn't do as well as I'd hoped.
Toya: Which led me to believe that I'm not very athletic.
Nene: Um... Can't you dance?
Toya: If I practice.
Nene: Okay, that sort of means you're at least kinda athletic. I mean, in my case, I'm not exactly the best at ball sports...
Toya: I see. Then, we can agree that I'm “semi-unathletic”. Thank you, I appreciate the help.
Nene: O-Okay? If you're happy with that, I guess...


7 1434:areatalk_ev_shuffle_19_009

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Rui, Rui. There's something I'd like you to make me. Would you mind hearing my idea?
Rui: Yes, of course. What would you like me to make?
Luka: Hehe. A pillow of MEIKO's lap.
Rui: A pillow?
Luka: Yes. MEIKO's always saying how me using her lap as a pillow tires her legs out by the time I wake up.
Rui: Ah... So you'd like something that gives you the option of not having to wake up.
Luka: Exactly. So, I'd like a pillow which acts as a suitable replacement and takes all that stress away from MEIKO.
Rui: I see... I've never made a pillow before, but this could be interesting.
Rui: Hmm... I'll have to make it just the right softness. Also, I'll need to figure out a way to have it feel nice and warm.
Rui: Luka, I'd like to give it a go, but it may take me a little while.
Luka: Hehe. Thank you, Rui. I'll be looking forward to it.


8 1435:areatalk_ev_shuffle_19_010

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

Miku (WxS): Oh, hey! Wouldn't it be great if we came up with some wonderhoy greetings♪
Luka: What a wonderful idea... Oh, I just came up with a good one...
KAITO: Wait, already? What kind of greeting did you come up with?
Luka: Hehe. It's simply... “Good night.”
KAITO: Oh, so that it's okay for you to fall asleep after someone says it...?
Luka: Correct. Well done, KAITO♪
Miku (WxS): That's great! I bet you'll get to see some really wonderful dreams after someone says that☆
Luka: Yes, exactly. So... Good night. Zzz... Zzz...
Miku (WxS): Oh, me next! Good night... Zzz...
KAITO: Well...
KAITO: We don't have practice today, so I suppose I can just let them sleep.


