1 2079:areatalk_ev_shuffle_40_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato)

Minori: Huh? Shiho, what are you looking at?
Shiho: There's a cat sitting up in that tree...
Minori: Oh, you're right! Is it having trouble getting down?!
Shiho: Maybe. We should rescue it...
Minori: W-Wait, now it's lying down... Is it taking a nap?!
Shiho: Then, I guess it's not in any trouble.
Shiho: Thank goodness...


2 2080:areatalk_ev_shuffle_40_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato)

Ichika: Is there some trick to holding an animal...?
Minori: Huh? Why do you ask?
Ichika: When I tried to grab Dylan at the zoo the other day, for a second I wondered how I was actually going to pick him up.
Minori: Oh, I know what you mean! I wasn't sure what to do either because I was afraid of poking his tummy with my fingers!
Ichika: You too, Minori? I guess they wouldn't have taught you how to catch him during your shadowing.
Minori: Yeah... But maybe it gets easier once an animal gets used to you!
Ichika: Then, does that mean you know how to hold Schubert?
Minori: Huh...?
Minori: No, I doubt Schubert would ever let me hold him...


3 2081:areatalk_ev_shuffle_40_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: Oh, Hinomori, I heard there's a shop that sells animal stuff somewhere around here.
Shiho: Wait, really?
Haruka: One of my classmates told me. I don't know exactly where it is, but... I have a feeling that they'll have some stuff you'll really like.
Shiho: Hold on a second. Lemme do a quick search...
Shiho: Is it this place by any chance?
Haruka: Oh, I think so.
Haruka: Hey, they even carry plushies. Lions, hippos and... Oh, even chipmunks and rabbits. They're all really cute.
Shiho: Chipmunks...and rabbits...
Haruka: Why don't we go check it out later?
Shiho: Yes, absolutely.


4 2082:areatalk_ev_shuffle_40_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Megurine Luka)

Luka (MMJ): Oh, Minori, I'd like to hear your opinion about our next show. Do you have a minute?
Minori: Sure! I'll try to help in any way I can!
Luka (MMJ): We're thinking about setting the stage up to look like a zoo. I have some reference images... Would you mind taking a look?
Minori: Oh, wow! These look amazing!
Luka (MMJ): Our goal is to wow the audience, but we still feel like we're missing a few things.
Minori: Hmm... Then, what if you made it so all the animals moved? The elephant could stick out its trunk, the birds could all flap their wings... Things like that!
Luka (MMJ): Oh, those are wonderful ideas...! Thank you very much, Minori!
Minori: Hehe. I'm glad I could help! Good luck with your show!


5 2083:areatalk_ev_shuffle_40_005

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Oh, look, you guys! They have cakes shaped like animals!
Haruka: Wow, you're right. They have so many different kinds, and they're all really cute.
Ichika: They even have a dining area. Why don't we go in?
Shiho: I'll join, but I probably won't have anything.
Minori: What?! Why not?! These animals as so adorable!
Shiho: We were just at a zoo. Eating something that looks like an animal doesn't feel right...
Haruka: I have to agree. Shoving a fork into one of these cakes won't be easy...
Minori: Now that you mention it... You two might be right...
Ichika: Maybe them being so cute isn't such a good thing...


6 2147:areatalk_monthly2308_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato)

Minori: Ichika, your street performance was so good! You were so cool!
Minori: And you sang that song I really like at the end!
Ichika: Hehe. I couldn't help it after I noticed you watching. But your outfit... Were you in the middle of a run? Thanks for stopping to listen.
Minori: What?
Ichika: Huh?
Minori: Oh, oh noooo! I got so caught up in your performance that I forgot about my run!
Minori: Sorry, Ichika, I gotta go! I'm not gonna meet my daily quota if I don't hurry!
Minori: Let's talk lots more again at school!
Ichika: Oh... O-Okay!
Ichika: Hehe. She really enjoyed my performance. I'm glad I put so much effort into it...


