1 2684:areatalk_ev_street_22_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: I'm just going over to say hi to my old manager. Why do you guys have to come along?
An: We were just talking about looking at some clothes, and the shop where you worked has a nice selection.
Toya: We apologize for tagging along. I'm sure you'll have a lot to talk about, so we'll do our best to stay out of your way.
Akito: I'm not going over to chat. My manager said to come over and see some new products because they apparently turned out really well.
An: Wait, really?! Now I'm seriously looking forward to going! Alright, we can check out all the new stuff, and browse around to see what else they have! How does that sound, Kohane?
Kohane: Umm... I'm actually hoping today to try on some pants like the kind you wear, An.
An: Pants, huh...? I know you'd look super cute in a pair of baggy jeans, but some high-waisted shorts are also good... Let's just look at everything!
Akito: Wanna try on some oversized shirts, Toya? They're different from your usual, and you can layer them for a more casual take on a formal look.
Toya: I am interested. So, I think I'll look at some of those today.
An: Oh, in that case, Akito, you should pick out some outfits for all of us today! I also wanna go for a fresh, new look like these two!
Akito: Huh?
An: No, wait a second! I wanna pick out stuff for Kohane too! Make sure to call me over when you're working on her outfit, alright?!
Akito: I haven't agreed to anything yet. *Sigh* Maybe if I feel like it.


2 2685:areatalk_ev_street_22_002

[Theme Park]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

Kohane: I want to go over there next...! They have a ride where Phenny goes on an adventure, and it just got renovated last week! If we go now, we probably won't have to wait too—
An: S-Sorry, Kohane... I need to take a quick break...
Kohane: Huh? Oh no! I-I'm so sorry, An! I didn't mean to run you ragged...
An: No, I'm glad that we've been able to do so much stuff together! But all this exercise is making me really hungry!
An: (Kohane's got more energy than usual today. She did say that this is her first time at PXL in a really long time.)
Kohane: Then, I know...! Why don't we have lunch at the restaurant towards the back? They have this new Phenny platter that includes a Salisbury steak with onion sauce, and it's supposed to be really good.
Kohane: And the plates are so cute. They all have designs of Phenny in a big parade, so...! Let's go, An!
An: O-Okay...!
An: (Hehe. She's so full of energy! And her joy's so infectious that I can't help but smile...)


3 2686:areatalk_ev_street_22_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Thank you for fighting alongside me, Akito. I was able to survive until the end thanks to you.
Akito: I was wondering what this new zombie game was about, since it takes place on a tropical island. It ended up being pretty fun and thrilling.
Toya: I honestly thought that we were done for when we got surrounded by ten of them. But your quick wits helped us get out of that one.
Toya: If you hadn't discovered that hidden rocket launcher, then it likely would've been game over for us there.
Akito: I was pretty nervous since I only had one shot. I couldn't afford to miss...
Akito: I was also a little surprised by what happened at the end...
Toya: Who would've guesses that dogs would emerge out of the sea and attack us? They sounded so real that even I was a little scared.
Akito: “Even I”? No one said they were scary.


4 2687:areatalk_ev_street_22_004

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi, Megurine Luka)

Toya: (After ten games, it's five all. I wasn't expecting them to be so evenly matched...)
An: This is amazing, Luka! I didn't realize you were so good at reversi!
Luka (VBS): Likewise! I thought I was going to wipe the floor with you!
Toya: She's being very rude to you, Shiraishi.
An: I know, right?! Also, sorry, Toya. I feel really bad about making you watch us play.
Luka (VBS): If you want to go, you don't have to mind us.
Toya: No, I was the one who suggested that you need to lead by two games to win, so I'll fulfill my duty and see this through until the very end.
Luka (VBS): You will? If you're okay with that...
Luka (VBS): Then, let's refocus and start the next game! I'm going to make this whole board black! Ready, An?!
An: Ready! And challenge accepted! I'm gonna absolutely crush you!
Toya: (We had this same conversation thirty minutes ago. I should ask MEIKO to make us some food for between games...)


5 2688:areatalk_ev_street_22_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

Rin & Len: Our favorite menu items at MEIKO's cafe?
Luka (VBS): Yes, KAITO and I were just talking about it. My choice will change depending on the day, but it's probably the tuna sandwich. The tuna and mayo are just so good♪
KAITO (VBS): My favorite is her house blend! MEIKO always knows how to make it just right since she adjusts how she brews and changes out the beans depending on how we're feeling.
Rin (VBS): Yeah, MEIKO is always looking out for us!
Luka (VBS): So, what about you two?
Len (VBS): Hmm... I'm also gonna say the house blend.
Luka (VBS): Oh? Trying to act all grown-up, are you?
Len (VBS): No way! I have been putting in milk and sugar lately, which makes it taste really good!
KAITO (VBS): Hehe. You know just how you like it now!
Rin (VBS): As for me... Oh, I know♪
Rin (VBS): The hyper special pancakes with vanilla ice cream, maple syrup, coffee jelly and not to mention lots and lots of whipped cream and fruits on top that she only makes for me!
KAITO (VBS): W-Wait, what?! How long has that been on the menu?! I'm changing my choice to that if you're telling the truth!
Luka (VBS): N-No fair! I want MEIKO to make me that too!!!


