1 1500:areatalk_ev_night_10_001

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): I did it... I made a butterfly...
Mizuki: Hey, Miku, that's great! And really tricky! When did you learn how to do that for cat's cradle?
Kanade: I'm surprised too. Your hands wove everything together so smoothly.
Miku (N25): I practiced a lot... And I asked MEIKO about the parts I couldn't figure out.
Mizuki: Ah, you had a good teacher by your side.
Kanade: Yes. At the same time, Miku, you could be the teacher now that you've learned how to make something so difficult.
Miku (N25): Me? Teaching...?
Mizuki: Yeah, totally! I'd love to learn from you♪


2 1501:areatalk_ev_night_10_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hm? Mafuyu...? Are you going to school? You know it's Saturday, right?
Mafuyu: I have club activities... Do you have supplementary classes today, Mizuki?
Mizuki: You guessed it... I've been keeping up my attendance and doing well enough on tests, but I got called in for not handing in some worksheets and other assignments.
Mafuyu: So you're not that bad at school or anything...
Mizuki: Hmm... I'm not really “good at school”, honestly. I just seem to absorb things faster than others...
Mizuki: (After all, a certain someone who's a year above me is an actual genius...)
Mizuki: How about you, Mafuyu? What are your best subjects?
Mafuyu: I'm not sure if I have any... I get the same scores on tests regardless of the subject.
Mizuki: Really...? By the way, how high? Like in the 90s?
Mafuyu: Yes, about there.
Mizuki: U-Um, I was sorta joking, but I guess people who put in the effort each day actually get better results...


3 1502:areatalk_ev_night_10_003

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Ena? Mizuki...? What are you two doing lying on the ground?
Mizuki: Oh, we're gonna send my big sis some pics of me hanging out with everyone from N25 and were just in the middle of decorating them♪
Ena: We were sitting like normal at first, but after a while our bottoms began getting sore and we decided to lie down instead.
Mizuki: Wanna join us, MEIKO? We just send Miku and Rin to go find you. They're also gonna help decorate these...
MEIKO: I'll pass...
MEIKO: Also, how many pictures are you sending? Do you have that much to decorate?
Mizuki: No, I can do that all on my own, but I thought that it'd be more fun to do it together! Plus, I can tell my sis all about it in my letter!
MEIKO: Ah, I see your point...
Mizuki: See?
Ena: Anyway, that's enough talking. Let's get back to work already.
Mizuki: Okay!


4 1503:areatalk_ev_night_10_004

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: *Sigh* I can't believe our usual diner was so crowded... They honestly expected us to wait an hour for a table...?
Mizuki: Yeah... They were all probably there for the limited-time fruit parfait they started today.
Mafuyu: So, where are we going to go for our after party...?
Kanade: Are there any other good alternatives...?
Mizuki: Oh, there's a karaoke place nearby that has pretty good food. Wanna try there?
Ena: Oh? Is it that good?
Mizuki: That's what I heard. I mean, the diner's obviously gonna have a more expansive menu.
Kanade: Let's try going there. I'd rather not lose more time.
Mizuki: Awesome! It's N25's first-ever karaoke after party♪
Ena: That's a mouthful.
Mizuki: Not. A. Problem. So, everyone, it's right this way. Follow me!


5 1504:areatalk_ev_night_10_005

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama, Megurine Luka)

Mizuki: Oh, Luka, perfect! I was just looking for you!
Luka: Hm? Me?
Mizuki: Yeah. Is it true that the decoration for the top part of that pendant I gave you the other day fell off?
Luka: Yes, it's true... We managed to find the decoration, but we couldn't find the metal fastener to reattach it...
Mizuki: I knew it! Miku told me about how you were feeling kinda bad about that.
Luka: Ah, I was wondering where you'd heard that. It was Miku.
Mizuki: Yup. I found a new fastener for it, so mind if I take a look?
Luka: Yes, of course... I'm so sorry, Mizuki. I didn't mean to break your gift.
Mizuki: There's no need to apologize, Luka. That fastener was probably about to go anyway.
Mizuki: More importantly, you put a lot of effort into finding it, right? That means you care about it a lot. So, Luka, thanks.


