1 2517:areatalk_ev_street_20_001

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: I always thought of the United States as this faraway place... But it's also amazing to think that you can get there in just half a day, you know?
Toya: Yes. Before the age of airplanes, it apparently took months to transport goods and people across the ocean, with several stops along the way.
An: That came up during history class once! I remember hearing that it took like two weeks or so?
Kohane: I'm guessing that's the time it takes to get to the US's west coast. It probably does take at least a month to get to the east coast.
Akito: A month...
An: Which sorta speaks to how fast airplanes are. Although, I feel bad for the people who can't really handle them...
Toya: Don't worry about me. I'm not about to say no to such a useful mode of transport.
Kohane: We didn't encounter much turbulence on the way over. I hope we get good weather on the way home too.
Toya: Yes, me too...


2 2518:areatalk_ev_street_20_002

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: The streets here feel so different compared to what I'm used to that, despite not being much of a photographer, I keep finding myself taking pictures.
Kohane: Hehe. I've also taken a lot of photos since coming here.
Kohane: I've already messaged a few to my dad, since he's also interested in American cityscapes.
Kohane: He replied back with, “Your photos of the city are nice, but it'd also be great to see your face.”
Toya: You are his one and only daughter. I'm sure he just wants to see you enjoying yourself.
Kohane: I get that... But I'm a little embarrassed by the thought of sending photos of myself to my family, for some reason.


3 2519:areatalk_ev_street_20_003

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Man, I am so glad lately that SEKAI exists...
Toya: I feel the same way, but why specifically lately?
An: That's because...
An: I can have Japanese food for lunch!!
Toya: I see. You have a point there.
An: I've got more than one point, thanks! I'm so thankful that I have access to a place where I can have white rice and miso soup!
Toya: Yes, there really is nothing more comforting than your home country's cuisine.


4 2520:areatalk_ev_street_20_004

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, MEIKO)

MEIKO (VBS): Akito, are you or the others feeling homesick at all?
Akito: Not yet, as far as I can tell... I mean, we've only been in the US for a little bit.
Akito: If anything, I'm glad that I don't have to deal with my obnoxious sister for a while.
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. That feeling may not last for very long.
Akito: No, it's gonna last the whole way through.


5 2521:areatalk_ev_street_20_005

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

Len (VBS): Hey, I keep hearing that the United States is really huge, but how big is it really?
Toya: Well, in terms of area, it's the third-largest country in the world, and roughly twenty-five times the size of Japan. Does that help?
Len (VBS): Hmm... Not really.
Toya: Then, let's try looking at your question from another angle.
Toya: Imagine that the nail of my thumb is Japan. The United States of America would be the rest of my hand.
Len (VBS): Wow, that's way easier to understand! Wait, it's really that big?!
Toya: This is just a simple visual representation. I doubt that I've gotten the exact scale correct.
Len (VBS): No, but I have a way better picture in my head now! Thanks, Toya!
Toya: You're welcome.


6 2547:areatalk_monthly2502_001

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, MEIKO)

MEIKO (VBS): How is the US, Kohane? Are you having fun?
Kohane: Yes! It's been fun talking to all sorts of different people, as well as seeing and hearing new things!
Kohane: Oh, but I have been using the translation app on my phone to help me whenever I get stuck for words or forget any grammar rules...
MEIKO (VBS): I think your bravery is admirable. My understanding is that some people are too afraid to speak in an unfamiliar language.
MEIKO (VBS): (I'm still amazed by how you've become so fearless, Kohane.)


7 2548:areatalk_monthly2502_002

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, KAITO)

An: Now I see. I should've phrased what I said earlier like this instead...
KAITO (VBS): Hello, An! What are you up to?
KAITO (VBS): Wait, that's your English textbook! Are you studying?!
An: You don't have to sound so surprised...
An: Have you forgotten that I'm over in the States right now? Isn't it only natural to do what I can to learn how to communicate better?
KAITO (VBS): Hahaha. Very true! I'm sorry, I was just so shocked.
An: Alright, now you're just making fun of me.
KAITO (VBS): No, that's not my intention! Anyway, are you feeling hungry at all? I'll be more than happy to make you some pancakes!


