1 1031:areatalk_ev_shuffle_08_001

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: You've known Tsukasa for quite a long time it seems.
Toya: Yes. Our parents already knew each other and that led to me going over to his house on occasion for play dates.
Rui: Really? By the way, has Tsukasa always had the personality that he has now?
Toya: No, he didn't do it so deliberately back then. When we were little, he only wanted to find ways to make his sister, Saki, smile more and felt the need to be outwardly courageous to do that.
Rui: Yes, I see. As a result, we have the Tsukasa we all know today...
Toya: I believe so.
Rui: Hehe. Tsukasa really is a model big brother.


2 1032:areatalk_ev_shuffle_08_002

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Toya: Kamishiro, do you have a minute?
Rui: Ah, this is rather rare of you. Yes, how can I help?
Toya: It's about something I discovered while sorting books in the library. I found quite a few of Shakespeare's works, but they were translated by different people...
Toya: They're apparently going to be available to everyone to read and I thought that you might like to take a look at some of them as well.
Rui: I see. It would be interesting to see how they compare to one another.
Rui: Thank you. I'll check some out after school.
Toya: Yes, please do. I'll be there as well since I'm at the desk today.


3 1033:areatalk_ev_shuffle_08_003

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Rui Kamishiro)

Akito: Oh...
Rui: Hello, Shinonome.
Akito: Hey...
Rui: Oh? Not going to run away from me today?
Akito: How can I...? It's a little late since we already made eye contact...
Rui: I see...
Rui: (He's more amicable than I expected... No, earnest may be the better word...)


4 1034:areatalk_ev_shuffle_08_004

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: I heard that you and Mizuki know each other as well. Do you talk much?
Akito: My big sister's closer with Akiyama than I am.
Rui: Your big sister? Oh, is that why Mizuki calls you Li'l Bro...?
Akito: Yeah, I keep asking to just be called by my name too...
Rui: Hehe. I believe that has to do with you making reactions that Mizuki likes.
Akito: So if I just go all deadpan, that'll stop...?
Rui: In all likelihood, yes.
Rui: (However, I can also see you blurting out something without actually meaning to...)


5 1036:areatalk_ev_shuffle_08_006

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Len)

Len: Hey, Rui! When are you gonna go shopping for parts next?
Rui: Ah, I've been ordering quite a bit online, so it may be some time before I go out again...
Len: Aww, that's too bad...
Rui: However, I will be doing maintenance on Robo-Nene this weekend. Would you like to come and help me with that...?
Len: What?! Really?!
Rui: Yes, of course. Sadly, it'll be just maintenance, so we won't be making anything if that's alright with you...
Len: No, that's totally okay! I really want to see what makes Robo-Nene tick inside!
Rui: Then it's settled. I'll speak to Nene about a good time to meet and we'll go from there.
Len: Awesome! Thanks, Rui! I can't wait☆


6 1037:areatalk_ev_shuffle_08_007

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: You look like you're enjoying yourself.
Toya: I'm not sure if I'm enjoying myself like you say, but I am in a good mood...
Toya: I think it has to do with how my dad and I stopped butting heads over music and stuff.
Toya: It's been much easier for me to go home and just relax.
Akito: Cool. I'm glad.


7 1038:areatalk_ev_shuffle_08_008

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

Kohane: An, look! It's a commercial for a wedding venue!
An: Wow... That chapel's so pretty! The bride's wedding gown's gorgeous too!
Kohane: Yeah! My mom wore a gown just like the one in this commercial too, and looked just like a princess!
An: Oh, did your dad take pictures of her?
Kohane: Yeah, he took lots of them. One time, for her birthday, he made an album full of photos of her in her wedding gown.
An: A whole album?! Hehe. I thought it was just you, but he really loves your mom too, huh?!
An: Hmm... I wonder how much wedding stuff's at my house...
An: Now I'm curious! I'll try asking my mom!


