1 2397:areatalk_ev_wonder_19_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Hummhumhumhummm♪
Nene: You seem to be really enjoying yourself, Emu.
Rui: Hehe. She must be learning quite a lot from the Morinomiya Revue.
Tsukasa: I know exactly how you feel! I honestly can't wait for our next lesson!
Emu: Hehe. I am happy about everything that I've learned so far, but that's not all☆
Emu: Getting to talk with you guys like this as we go to school is super duper fun♪
Nene: Oh...
Emu: I know we have to say bye bye to each other when we get there, but that doesn't matter since I'm not alone♪
Nene: Then, why don't we also try to go home together when we can?
Tsukasa: Yes, I have no problem with that.
Rui: I'd also like to hear more about what you two have been doing, Nene, Emu. Talking about that as we walk home does sound enjoyable.
Emu: Yeah...! I'm gonna keep learning lots and lots to make sure that I have plenty to talk about!


2 2398:areatalk_ev_wonder_19_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Without Emu and Nene, things feel very quiet for some reason.
Rui: Oh? In that case, I could bring over all the drones I have and fly them all at once!
Tsukasa: No, that would cause a massive panic.
Tsukasa: Still, it's just... How do I put it...
Rui: Hehe. You don't quite feel like your usual self, yes?
Tsukasa: Hm... Yes, that may be it.
Rui: I understand how you feel. We practiced on our own at times while training with the other troupes, but this situation with Morinomiya is very different.
Rui: (It just goes to show how accustomed we've grown to being together.)


3 2399:areatalk_ev_wonder_19_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: It feels like it's been so long since we last went shopping together, Nene!
Nene: Hehe. Yeah. There's an apparel shop you wanna check out, right?
Emu: Yup♪ One of my classmates told me that they carry lots of cute clothes☆
Nene: (Recommending shops to classmates sounds like fun...)
Nene: (If I get to know Shiraishi a little better, then maybe I could also...)
Emu: Oh, Nene, you were just thinking about something really fun just now, weren't you♪
Nene: Huh?! N-No, I was just...
Emu: Nope! I know it! Tell me, Nene! Pretty please!
Nene: A-Again, you're getting the wrong idea...!


4 2400:areatalk_ev_wonder_19_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Harbor]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Kagamine Len)

Len (WxS): Oh, Nene! Is it okay if I ask you for a tiny favor?
Nene: Sure, what's up?
Len (WxS): So, for the next show we're doing in SEKAI, I'm thinking about playing the lead!
Len (WxS): I'm sure that KAITO will let me, but I want to ask him knowing that I'll do a good job.
Len (WxS): So, if possible, would you mind training with me in secret?
Nene: Sounds like you really want this role...
Len (WxS): I do! It's a great story, and I've been wanting to play him ever since I read the script for the first time. So, please, I beg you!
Nene: Okay.
Nene: You coming over to talk to me when I was at Morinomiya ended up being huge, so I'll do my best to return the favor.
Len (WxS): Thanks, Nene! I really appreciate it!


5 2401:areatalk_ev_wonder_19_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): I wanna talk to you, Nene. So, Miku says, “Gather 'round♪”
Nene: Huh? Uhh... Is this how that game worked...?
Miku (WxS): I wanna talk to you, Nene. So, Miku says, “Gather 'rooound♪”
Nene: Alright, fine... I'm gathering.
Miku (WxS): Yay☆ Nene did what I asked♪ It really worked!
Nene: I mean, you popped out in front of me and told me to “gather 'round”...
Nene: (But Miku seems happy, so I guess that none of that matters.)


6 2534:areatalk_monthly2501_003

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma)

Shiho: Tsukasa, why are you carrying so many bags?
Tsukasa: Ah, they were having a sale on potato chips! I bought as many as I could for Saki, but she also went on a shopping spree at the same store...
Tsukasa: So, Shiho, would you mind taking some of these off my hands?!
Shiho: I guess I can take a few... That being said, this company really likes coming up with weird flavors, don't they?
Shiho: Ah, Shizuku might really like these Kyoto-style udon stew chips...
Tsukasa: Ah, excellent! You and Shizuku can have a potato chip party together!
Shiho: Yeah, I'm not so sure about that...
Shiho: (But I'll take these...)


7 2535:areatalk_monthly2501_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, MEIKO, KAITO)

KAITO (WxS): You want to know about strength exercises?
Nene: Yeah, I've been doing a lot more ballet lately, so I was wondering if you knew any good exercises for that.
MEIKO (WxS): Hehe. If that's the case, then I'll be more than happy to jump in! I have just the thing for strengthening your core.
MEIKO (WxS): It's called the high-fly exercise!
Nene: High fly?
MEIKO (WxS): All you have to do is take something that's decently heavy and fling it as high up in the air as you can. You have to learn to use your legs and hips properly, which in turn helps strengthen your core muscles!
KAITO (WxS): MEIKO, remember how we banned that exercise for being absurdly dangerous?
MEIKO (WxS): Yes, but... It seemed like the perfect exercise...
Nene: Haha... I would sorta prefer an exercise that I can actually do...


