1 859:areatalk_ev_shuffle_02_001

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Morning♪
Toya: Isn't it already noon?
Mizuki: It's morning for me, since I just arrived!
Toya: Just? Were the trains running late or something?
Mizuki: Get this, my bicycle broke down so I had no choice but to walk about an hour to school! 
Toya: Oh! That's terrible.
Toya: Hm. Since you were walking for such a long time, you should definitely hydrate. Wait here. I'll go buy you something to drink.
Mizuki: Huh? Wait, hold on! I'm sorry! I was just joking around!


2 860:areatalk_ev_shuffle_02_002

[Main Street]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Oh, it's Toya! Whoa... What's that bag of stuff in your hands? Plushies from the arcade?
Toya: Yes. From the claw machines.
Mizuki: Wow! You totally didn't seem like the arcade type to me. Are you gonna take them home and decorate the house with them?
Toya: No, I can't take these home. I usually give them to Akito or Tsukasa to give to their sisters. 
Mizuki: I see. Wait, that means...
Mizuki: Those toys I sometimes see in Ena's social media photos are actually from Toya, huh?


3 861:areatalk_ev_shuffle_02_003

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Toya: Akiyama? I keep running into you lately.
Mizuki: Hehehe, probably because I've been coming to school like a serious student lately?
Toya: That's a good thing.
Mizuki: (It's not like I have a choice since I do need to clock in enough to meet my attendance quota.)
Toya: By the way, have you had lunch, yet?
Toya: Akito's practicing with the soccer club today, so I'm by myself. Would you like to get something to eat?
Mizuki: What, really? Don't mind if I do, then♪


4 862:areatalk_ev_shuffle_02_004

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, Toya's way too naive for his own good, don't you think? He actually believed me when I said I was late because my bicycle broke down.
Akito: Oh, yeah. He'd believe something like that.
Mizuki: Seriously?! I'm clearly not the sort who'd go to such lengths to come to school, no matter how you look at it!
Akito: Should you really talk about yourself like that?
Mizuki: For reals though, how's Toya ever gonna survive? What if he meets a slimy snake oil salesman? Or gets ripped off? Or gets tricked into co-signing a dodgy contract?!
Akito: He wouldn't fall for any of that. He's not stupid. He can tell the good guys from the bad. 
Mizuki: Hm... You really trust him, huh.
Akito: Yeah. We're buds, after all.


5 863:areatalk_ev_shuffle_02_005

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, li'l brosef! Take a look at this article about women's fashion.
Mizuki: I'm trying to get the drop on upcoming fashion trends♪ You work in retail, right? Which of these do you think is gonna be hot?
Akito: Which one...? But this magazine's all about lolita fashion. What do you want me to say?
Mizuki: It's all good♪ Let's just try to make a random prediction as fellow fashion enthusiasts.
Akito: It's not all good. I can't do something that irresponsible.
Mizuki: (Whoa! Ena's li'l bro's just like her. When they're serious about something, they don't compromise at all.)
Mizuki: Hehe. Like sister, like brother.


6 864:areatalk_ev_shuffle_02_006

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Yo, Li'l Brosef!
Akito: Sigh... Can you stop calling me that already? I know you call Toya by his proper name.
Mizuki: Aww, but you'll always be Ena's li'l bro to me♪
Akito: You're definitely doing this on purpose because you know it annoys me, right?
Mizuki: Teehee☆


7 865:areatalk_ev_shuffle_02_007

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: I heard that you started aspiring to become a star in order to cheer up your sick younger sister. That's a really nice thing to do as a brother!
Tsukasa: Yes, I guess you could say that! However, compliments won't get you anywhere with me!
Mizuki: (Oh, is that right?)
Mizuki: Alas, if only I had a kind older brother like you too!
Mizuki: I'm so envious of your sister, to be able to have someone so cool and dependable to rely on!
Tsukasa: Now, now, no amount of wishing will turn me into your older brother, you know?
Tsukasa: However! As your very dependable senpai, the least I can do is to buy lunch for you today.
Mizuki: Yaaay♪ Thank you, Tsukasa!


8 866:areatalk_ev_shuffle_02_008

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: So, what are the other members of your show troupe like? The one you're in with Rui.
Mizuki: There are four of you, right? You, Rui, Rui's childhood friend, and...
Tsukasa: Oh, the fourth member already worked at Wonder Stage before the rest of us came into the picture.
Mizuki: So, what are they like?
Tsukasa: It's hard to explain...
Tsukasa: She's the sort of person that would raise her hand to volunteer when Rui wanted to hang me upside down to check if the stage effects looked okay.
Mizuki: Ahaha! What in the world? That's hilarious! I've gotta meet her myself someday.


9 867:areatalk_ev_shuffle_02_009

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Mizuki Akiyama)

Tsukasa: Grr, what a terrible rumor!
Mizuki: Hey, Tsukasa! What're you so angry about?
Tsukasa: A disgraceful rumor has been making the rounds about how Rui and I intend to blow up the school together.
Mizuki: Ahaha! That's seriously messed up! Not even Rui would do such a thing.
Tsukasa: Indeed. And I was the one he almost blew up, anyway!
Tsukasa: He insisted he wasn't using any explosives, but how did he turn the tips of my bangs so frizzy in that case?!
Mizuki: Um, well...
Mizuki: (Rui's really let himself cut loose ever since transferring to our school...or should I say, ever since he met Tsukasa!)


