1 1766:areatalk_ev_band_14_001

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (Ln): Oh no! My hair's caught on my sleeve...
Ichika: Did it get tangled? Here, I'll get it loose.
Ichika: Okay, there we go... It's hard to avoid this sort of thing when you have long hair.
Miku (Ln): So you've experienced this too, Ichika?
Ichika: It's happened a few times. My hair got caught on one of my classmate's clothes one time, and it was really awkward while I was untangling it since we hadn't ever talked much.
Miku (Ln): Yes, that would be pretty awkward... Isn't there a way to prevent this from happening?
Ichika: Hmm... What if you made your hair all smooth and silky? So silky that it'd just untangle itself naturally.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. And my hair would look so pretty.
Miku (Ln): (I really like the way Ichika thinks...)


2 1767:areatalk_ev_band_14_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hey, check it out! I found a personality test based around musical instruments♪
Honami: That sounds fun. Let's see... “You are about to invite someone close to you to attend your music recital. Which instrument's sound do you wish for them to hear?”
Shiho: The bass.
Saki: They don't have that, Shiho...
Honami: No drums either... Oh, but you can choose the guitar and keyboard.
Shiho: Seriously? It'd be one thing if it were only orchestral instruments or something, but why those two and no drums or bass?
Saki: You're right...! It's like they've got something against the rhythm section!
Honami: Um, so... I wouldn't take this personality test too seriously, you two...


3 1768:areatalk_ev_band_14_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Saki, you brought a lunch today?
Saki: Yup! I have this amazing secret weapon for making lunches now and wanted to give it a spin♪
Shiho: A secret weapon? For making lunches?
Honami: Maybe a handy prep tool?
Saki: Heh heh heh. You'll figure it out once you've seen my lunch! Ta-daa♪
Ichika: Oh, you wrote something using pink starch...? But...
Shiho: Of all things, why would you write “Lunch”?
Saki: This was just a test! More importantly, isn't this awesome? I used paper and plastic wrap to make stencils for all these letters and designs.
Saki: You should all come over sometime so we can use them to make lunches together!
Honami: Making and eating them both sound like a lot of fun. I'd like that.
Ichika: Me too. We could even have a little picnic somewhere after we make them.
Saki: Oh, Ichi, you're a genius! What do you think, Shiho?
Shiho: I mean, I don't see why not... Provided our practices go smoothly.
Saki: Woohoo! Then, we gotta practice really hard so we can have our picnic!


4 1769:areatalk_ev_band_14_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, KAITO)

KAITO: Ichika...? Why are you staring outside? Is something wrong?
Ichika: I was just looking at the sky for a bit. I thought I spotted a rainbow between those clouds just now.
KAITO: A rainbow...? Those can appear here...?
Ichika: Maybe... Again, I just thought I saw one.
Ichika: It might've been my imagination...
KAITO: I hope what you saw was real...
KAITO: Still, you can see something as uncommon as shooting stars here, so it wouldn't be that strange if a rainbow or two appeared out of the blue...
Ichika: I hope they appear when we're all here someday.
KAITO: Me too...


5 1770:areatalk_ev_band_14_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

Len: Singing with Ichika and the others over on their side looked like so much fun!
Luka: Yes, however...
Luka: Miku definitely seemed a little nervous while she was practicing.
Len: Wait, really...?
Luka: Because it was such a big show for the girls. Also, she must've felt some pressure since it was her first time singing over there.
Luka: Still, she was ultimately able to collect herself before the show and sing even better than she normally does. Impressive as ever.
Len: Yeah, like a senior they can always count on for help.
Luka: Hehe. I'm sure Miku would enjoy hearing that very much.
Len: Then, I'll tell her the next time I see her that she did a really cool thing for them.
Luka: Yes, please do.


