1 1292:areatalk_monthly2201_001

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Len: Minori said that you guys used to put on shows every single day. Is that true?
Miku (MMJ): Yes, it is. Our goal was to make it so Minori and the girls could come and see a show whenever♪
Miku (MMJ): But we've been spending more time practicing together and stuff now that they've discovered their true feelings. As a result, we're doing shows less often.
Len: I had no idea...
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. However, I'd be more than willing to make a surprise appearance for one of your shows♪
Len: Really? I might have to take you up on that. Mind joining me as a guest for my next one?
Miku (MMJ): Of course! I'd be happy to♪


2 1293:areatalk_monthly2201_002

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Megurine Luka, KAITO)

Luka: KAITOOO♪ Mind if I help out with some of your backstage business?
KAITO: No, I don't mind, but may I ask why?
Luka: Well, you've been really busy lately and I was wondering how your own show was coming along.
Luka: I'd like to help out in a way that allows you to have a little more free time for yourself.
KAITO: Ah...
KAITO: Hehe. You're always so thoughtful, Luka.
KAITO: I really appreciate it. There's actually one thing that I need some help with if you don't mind.
Luka: There is? Alright, KAITO, I promise to help out however I can♪


3 1294:areatalk_monthly2201_003

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

Rin: Humhum♪ Humhuum♪
MEIKO: Hello, Rin! You seem awfully happy today♪
Rin: Hehe. That's because I get to use some really amazing lights for my next show!
MEIKO: Amazing lights?
Rin: Yeah! It's supposed to produce spots that look like white stars and cover the walls of the stage with them!
Rin: And I get to do a solo while flying through a starry ocean♪
MEIKO: Wow, that's so romantic! Can I come see this show of yours?
Rin: Of course! Oh, I'll even be rehearsing soon, so wanna come see the lights I'm talking about?
MEIKO: No, I think I'll pass. I'd like to see it during the actual show♪
Rin: Okay! Hehe. It's gonna be so awesome!


4 1295:areatalk_monthly2201_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori)

Emu: Honami! Honami! It's terrible!
Honami: Wh-What's so terrible, Emu?
Emu: So... This taiyaki place I really like added something new to their menu! Apple-pie taiyakis!
Honami: A-Apple-pie taiyakis?
Emu: Yup! They're supposed to be really crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside like real apple pies too!
Honami: D-Does that count as an apple pie...? Still, I am a little curious...
Emu: Yay! Let's go get some together sometime♪
Honami: Yes, I'll be looking forward to it.


5 1296:areatalk_monthly2201_005

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma)

Saki: Oh, there he is! Toooyaaa!
Toya: Thank you for your patience. Still, is it really okay for me to be coming along...?
Tsukasa: Nonsense! After all, my mom was the one who gave me these extra tickets to the piano concert.
Tsukasa: I'm sure she'll be beyond pleased to hear that you also get to see it!
Tsukasa: Conversely, are you sure about this...? I know that you've been avoiding playing, as well as even listening to this sort of music...
Toya: Yes, I still can't quite get myself to play...
Toya: But I don't have a problem with listening to somebody play every once in a while.
Tsukasa: I see... But you don't have to if you don't think you're up to it.
Toya: Thank you. Your concern is much appreciated.
Saki: No fair. Quit hogging Toya all to yourself, Tsukasa. Also, didn't you want to get there early to read through the program?
Tsukasa: Ah, that's right. We should get going!


6 1297:areatalk_monthly2201_006

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Nene Kusanagi)

Minori: Hi, Nene!
Nene: Huh? Oh... H-Hanasato?!
Nene: (Wh-What do I do? What am I supposed to talk about when I bump into someone like her...?)
Minori: Are you taking a break from show rehearsals today? Does that mean you're here to go shopping? Oh, if you are, we could go check out the mall together!
Nene: S-So many questions...
Minori: Huh?
Nene: N-N-Nothing!
Nene: (Wait, I could use the way she talks as reference when it comes to keeping conversations going with people I run into! I should write all this down later...)


7 1298:areatalk_ev_shuffle_16_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi)

Saki: Airiii!
Airi: Hey, Saki! You look like you're in a hurry. What's up?
Saki: Well... It looked like you were making your way towards the cafeteria...
Saki: So, um...! Would it be possible for us to have lunch together?!
Airi: Yeah, of course. I was just thinking about asking someone too since Shizuku has to deal with some committee stuff.
Saki: Y-Yay! Thank you so much!
Airi: Also, we should get a move on before they run out of all the good stuff!
Saki: Okay♪


8 1299:areatalk_ev_shuffle_16_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Emu Otori)

Emu: Hey♪ Hey♪ Spinny-spin! Then it's BOOM and wonderhoy☆
Airi: Y-You jumped that far after skipping and doing a triple pirouette?! How are you able to stay on your feet through all that?!
Airi: Bravo, Emu! A great show from a great performer!
Airi: (Still, how in the world was she able to maintain her balance while moving with so much power?)
Emu: But I actually think you're also really, really great, Airi!
Emu: Whenever I tried doing your Happy Side Steps at the same speed as you, I could never get the shuffle step after that right.
Airi: Oh, you mean the part where you have to switch back? There's actually a bit of a trick to that.
Airi: Why don't we take this opportunity to show each other how to do our respective routines?
Emu: You're gonna teach me the secret behind doing Happy Side Steps?! P-Please, show me the way...!


9 1300:areatalk_ev_shuffle_16_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Emu Otori)

Emu: Oh! That fluffy pink hair... It's gotta be...!
Emu: I knew it! It's you, Airi! Wonderhoy!
Airi: Hey, Emu! Were you out shopping?
Emu: No, I actually heard about this shop that makes these bear-shaped cookies and came to have a look on behalf of the Emu Expedition Team!
Airi: Bear-shaped cookies...? Oh, you mean “Bear Stamp Honey Cookies”...?
Airi: I was just about to have a look myself. Mind if I join you on your expedition?
Emu: Yeah, of course! Let's go check it out, Private Airi!
Airi: Alright, Captain Emu, lead the way!


10 1301:areatalk_ev_shuffle_16_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Emu Otori)

Emu: Over here♪ Over there♪ Lots of bread everywhere♪
Saki: Oh! Hi, Emu!
Airi: Sounds like somebody's happy. What were you singing just now?
Emu: Hehe. That was my lots of bread everywhere song!
Emu: There's gonna be more types of bread than usual at the school store today and I can't wait to see what I can get♪
Airi: That's right! It's one of those days when they have a special sale for dessert buns, sandwiches and stuff like that.
Airi: There's this really good custard bun that's a little too pricey to sell regularly, so you can only get them during these sales.
Saki: They have those?! Oh, I really wanna try one!
Emu: We might be able to if we hurry! Let's gooo♪
Airi: E-Emu, wait! Hey! No running in the corridor!


11 1302:areatalk_ev_shuffle_16_005

[Music Shop]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Emu Otori)

Saki: Oh! Airi, good morning!
Emu: Wonderhoy! Did you come to buy a CD too?
Airi: Yeah. Today's when the CD for this idol I've been following releases, so I'm here to buy a copy!
Saki: Whoa, I'm here to buy a CD for this band I like too!
Saki: I just happened to run into Emu along the way and we decided to take a look together.
Emu: I listened to some of the songs by the band Saki's talking about, and they were all really cool! Everything was so powerful and wonderhoy☆
Airi: Hehe. Powerful and wonderhoy, huh? Now you've got me curious. Mind showing me which band?
Saki: Oh, this one! You can sample some of their music over there!
Airi: Thanks. I think I will give them a listen. In return, I'll show you two that idol I was talking about just now.
Emu: Yay! We get to exchange likes! I can't wait to see what you recommend us, Airi!


12 1303:areatalk_ev_shuffle_16_006

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, Airi, I'm planning on going to this mall that's out of town next weekend. Would you like to come with me?
Airi: Sure, are you after something...?
Shizuku: Hehe. Look here! What Haruka, Minori and I had at that Japanese confectionary shop is going to be available at this mall.
Shizuku: So I was wondering if you'd like to come try it with me.
Airi: Thanks, Shizuku! The sweets you got me from there were really good so...
Airi: H-H-Hold up...! That was a screenshot of this mall's homepage, right?
Shizuku: Yes! Oh, did I happen to make a mistake?
Airi: No! I mean, you actually took it right!!
Airi: Not too long ago, there was no way you could've done this. But now, you're looking up things and taking screenshots of them...!
Airi: (Is it because she wants me to try this special dessert that much...?)
Airi: Shizuku, let's go! I'll even pay...!
Shizuku: B-But...
Airi: No buts! Think of it as my way of thanking you!


13 1304:areatalk_ev_shuffle_16_007

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kagamine Rin)

Airi: Rin, I noticed that you really like to wave at the audience using both hands.
Rin: Yeah♪ That's my way of telling everyone who came to see me to, “Have fun!”
Rin: But there are only so many ways for me to wave, so I'm wondering if there's anything else I can do.
Airi: How about pointing your fingers, winking or blowing kisses to them?
Airi: You know, gestures and poses that send a little jolt through everyone's hearts?
Rin: I wink and point my fingers sometimes, but I'm still a little shy about blowing kisses...
Airi: That's totally fine. Blushing is another way of putting smiles on everyone's faces!
Rin: Really? Then, I might give it a try during my next show!


