1 1199:areatalk_ev_shuffle_13_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi)

Haruka: Come to think of it, didn't we used to verse each other at game centers a lot?
An: Yeah, we totally did! I remember us playing fighting games, but I also remember trying to see who could get the most snacks out of those claw machines!
Haruka: Me too. And if I recall correctly, we usually just ended up going after the snacks we wanted most during those contests.
An: I know, right?! We used to trade what we got with each other too!
Haruka: All this talk is making me want to play something now. Shall we...?
An: Yeah, let's go!


2 1200:areatalk_ev_shuffle_13_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: Minori, one of my dad's friends gave me some tickets for the zoo. Would you be interested in going together?
Minori: What?! Are you sure?! Thank you! I haven't been to the zoo in forever!
Kohane: Me neither! This zoo apparently has a special petting area for snakes too.
Minori: S-Snakes?! Like the ones that curl around your neck...?
Kohane: No, they're supposed to be the smallest snakes in Japan. Smaller than your pinky, so they fit right in the palm of your hand.
Minori: Oh, I might be okay with little snakes! Yeah, I think I can handle that!
Minori: Hehe. I'll look up what other animals they're keeping too!


3 1201:areatalk_ev_shuffle_13_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: And you know what's amazing about Kohane? When she was still a complete beginner, she could handle this monstrous amount of work without any problems whatsoever!
Kohane: A-An, stop. You're making me blush...
Haruka: Hehe. You always have such a hard time stopping whenever you start talking about Kohane.
Minori: (Good for you, Kohane... I hope that I can be someone Haruka can be proud of like that someday...)
An: Oh, I know! While we're at it, why don't you tell us more about why Minori's so great, Haruka?
Minori: A-An?! W-Wait, I don't think that's such a...!
Haruka: Sure, let's see... Minori's always really cheerful and has this bright smile that makes everyone around her want to do the same, including me...
Minori: W-W-W-Wait...!
Minori: H-Haruka, stop! Any more and my head'll explode!


4 1202:areatalk_ev_shuffle_13_004

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, An Shiraishi)

Minori: I don't understand... It should be around here somewhere...
An: Hey, Minori! What's up? Are you lost?
Minori: An! I was looking for this pet store called “Smiles & Animals” but...
An: Oh, I know where that is! The manager there's a regular at my dad's cafe.
Minori: What?! R-Really?!
An: Yup. Here, I'll guide you there. There's a nice shortcut I can show you too.
Minori: Thank you so much! I always have such a hard time navigating all these tight alleyways!
Minori: (Kohane told me about how An knows so many people and a lot about this city...)
Minori: (It must be because she helps out at her dad's cafe so much! That's so cool!)


5 1203:areatalk_ev_shuffle_13_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: Haruka, is it true that you train every day?
Haruka: I do. I go for a run each morning and evening, and do some muscle training at home.
Kohane: Wow... Everything Minori said was true. It's like I'm talking to a professional athlete.
Kohane: But I guess you have to do all of that to be an idol.
Haruka: I do, at least. It's my way of maintaining my stamina and making sure that I can give the best dance performances possible.
Haruka: I work on my core quite a bit too. Having a strong core means I can sing at a good volume and not have to tense up so much.
Kohane: I see... Maybe I should start working out a little since I'm also trying to improve the way I sing...
Kohane: But I'm not sure I can keep up that sort of routine.
Haruka: There are other ways of working on that without having to start doing any strength training. For example, stretching and breathing exercises can do wonders.
Haruka: So I think it'd be best if you found a routine that you can work with, Kohane.
Haruka: (And I wouldn't want An coming back and saying, “What did you do to Kohane and why is she so buff all the sudden?!”)
Kohane: Okay, I'll try doing some research later! Thanks, Haruka!


6 1204:areatalk_ev_shuffle_13_006

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Megurine Luka)

Haruka: Okay, the “'Let's Learn to Dance' Challenge” for our next stream should be all set now.
Minori: Yeah! Thank you so much for helping me like this, Haruka!
Luka: Oh, that sounds like fun. What will you be doing exactly?
Minori: We're gonna ask our viewers to do a quick survey that asks which songs they want us to show them how to dance to...
Minori: We'll see which song comes in first place and have a little contest to see who can learn to dance to it in ten minutes the best.
Haruka: Minori gave it a try once previously and everyone seemed to enjoy the slight tension or nervousness that this sort of challenge creates.
Minori: I really didn't do very well that time, but I already told everyone that this is what I like to do so I can't afford to lose!
Luka: Hehe. I have a feeling that this is going to be a very heated contest. I can't wait to see what happens♪


7 1205:areatalk_ev_shuffle_13_007

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (VBS): ...
Kohane: Hm? Is something bothering you, Miku?
Miku (VBS): Not exactly...
Miku (VBS): I got to help make sandwiches the other day, but all I really did was place ingredients between slices of bread.
Miku (VBS): I wish I got to do a little more, you know?
An: (Haha... MEIKO really didn't want her using any knives, huh...?)
Kohane: Well, it could be that it was just faster to divide up the work... Maybe?
Miku (VBS): Oh, I see. I guess it would've been bad if the bread went stale.
An: (I seriously doubt that...!)
Kohane: My mom always told me, “A little help can go a really long way.” I'm sure MEIKO felt the same way while you were helping her out.
Miku (VBS): She did seem pretty relieved after we finished making them, so maybe I did help her out more than I realize...
An: (I seriously doubt that too...! But...)
An: (I don't have the heart to tell her...!!)


