1 1161:areatalk_ev_street_05_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: Kohane, look! Someone's gonna do a show at this live house pretty soon...
Kohane: Oh, this team also participated in that battle event we were in the other day.
An: Yeah! They were so good too... That split decision against them was barely in our favor.
An: Kohane, wanna check this show out together? Like a scouting mission, you know?
Kohane: Yeah, let's go!
An: Great! We should get some tickets then!


2 1162:areatalk_ev_street_05_002

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Hey, I'm gonna be a little late for practice.
An: Okay! But why...?
An: Oh, I know. Supplementary English class?
Akito: Huh? No, I have to help out at work.
An: Oh, that's boring. I was so sure it was that since so many other kids in our class are being forced to go in.
Akito: Says you. I heard that there's gonna a be a pop quiz in Classics.
An: What?! Seriously?! No, I have to study!


3 1163:areatalk_ev_street_05_003

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: No matter how many times I have it, MEIKO's coffee never ceases to amaze me.
An: Yeah, but I still can't really tell how it's different from the coffee we make at home.
An: I get that it's a little bit fruitier, but not much more than that. How do they compare to you, Toya?
Toya: You're certainly right about MEIKO's coffee tasting fruitier, and that may be because they've been lightly roasted.
Toya: Ken's coffee seems to be brewed in a way that accents its natural bitterness.
An: Oh, I think I know what you mean...
An: Thanks, Toya! I still don't know much about coffee, so that helps a lot!
Toya: I'm no expert. I just like drinking it. I'm sure MEIKO and Ken know far more than I do.
An: I know, but you explain things really clearly and I get to hear things from the customer's point of view with you.
Toya: I see. Then I'm glad I could be of service.


4 1164:areatalk_ev_street_05_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Hey, Akito, Toya! Perfect timing! If you're free, wanna hit up the mall together?
Akito: Huh? The mall?
Kohane: I entered a singing contest that's being hosted at the mall...
Toya: You did, Azusawa?
Akito: You're gonna be in one of those...?
Kohane: The winner gets an all-expenses-paid trip to some hot springs and my mom's been wanting to go, so I was hoping to win it for her.
An: And I'm going with her to see her knock everyone's socks off!
Toya: I see. Then, I'll go as well.
Akito: Toya, wait!
An: Great! We'll be right there with you, Kohane, so just sing your heart out!
Kohane: Thanks!
Akito: I didn't actually say that I'd go...
Akito: No losing, got it?
Kohane: I... I won't! I'm gonna win that trip for sure!


5 1165:areatalk_ev_street_05_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (VBS): Oh, An, I made some sandwiches. Would you mind giving them a taste?
An: What?! Sandwiches made by Miku herself?!
Miku (VBS): Yes. You were the one who originally suggested that I try my hand at cooking, no?
Miku (VBS): I asked MEIKO for some advice and she taught me a good recipe along with how to use knives properly.
An: Whoa, you really went through with it?! That's so cool. Sure, I'll have a bite!
An: Nom... Oh, this is good. The veggies are so fresh, and I really like this spicy mayo.
Miku (VBS): Thank goodness. I ended up making a few dozen until MEIKO said they were good enough for you to try.
An: A few dozen?!
Miku (VBS): Yes. Oh, but KAITO and the others ended up eating most of them, so they didn't go to waste.
An: Th-That's good...
An: (You can't really screw up making sandwiches, so what actually happened during all that...?)


6 1166:areatalk_ev_street_05_006

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Len: Oh, An! Perfect timing! Can you help us out with something?!
Rin: We want to take turns singing and need someone to tell us who does better!
An: Sure, but... Does this mean you two are fighting again...?
Rin: It's all Len's fault! I said that this part should be more like this and tried to teach him how to do it!
Len: But I'm trying to sing this part a certain way!
An: Okay, okay! Let's all just calm down...
An: So your ideas for this song ended up clashing and you needed someone to be a judge of which idea is better?
Rin & Len: Yeah!
An: Are you sure about me being the one who decides? I mean, does my word carry that much weight?
Len: Yes, it does!
Rin: An, please!
An: Okay, I'll try to make my best judgement!


7 1167:areatalk_ev_street_05_007

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: MEIKO, KAITO)

KAITO: Phew... I'm stuffed. I think I've had my fill of sandwiches for a while.
MEIKO: Sorry, Miku asked me to help her with making them.
KAITO: Haha. It was a bit of a shock to see her dunk the bread in that spicy mayonnaise as opposed to just spreading it over like normal.
MEIKO: Right... And the way she tried to swing down with those knives as if they were meat cleavers...
MEIKO: Still, she never had any interest in cooking until now, so I guess it just means those kids are really having an effect on her.
KAITO: I agree. She is with them the most.
MEIKO: Yes, she is. That could also mean she'll want to start trying other things as well.
KAITO: Or try to become a better cook.
MEIKO: I mean, well... Okay, I'll just have to help her when that time comes...


