1 1278:areatalk_ev_wonder_07_001

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Tsukasa: The world's cultures and societies are all performing on the same global stage these days. Our shows are no different! It's about time we started to go global with them!
Emu: Oh, how do we do that?!
Tsukasa: We can start by writing scripts in English! By doing that... Guess what'll happen?
Emu: Hm? Won't the little ones have trouble understanding what we're saying?
Tsukasa: Th-That's not what was I expecting to hear... But that is something we should avoid.
Tsukasa: Wait, no...! We can still use simple words and phrases! That way, it can also be a learning experience for them, no?
Emu: That's a great idea, Tsukasa! Sounds like a plan♪
Tsukasa: Huh...? Y-Yes...! A good one too!
Tsukasa: (This is bad. I'll need to brush up on my English before we even think about going global...)


2 1279:areatalk_ev_wonder_07_002

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: Neneee!!
Nene: E-Emu?! Did you sneak in again?
Emu: Hehe. I've been coming here so much that I'm sort of a student here now too♪
Nene: Yeah, I don't think it works like that.
Nene: Let me put it this way. How would you feel if Tsukasa started showing up at Miya Girls?
Emu: Well... I'd think that he's there to pick up Saki!
Emu: Yeah, that's it! I can just say that I'm here to pick you guys up from school, Nene!
Nene: Yeah, that's not gonna fly either...
Nene: (Ugh... You should've come up with a better example, Nene...)


3 1280:areatalk_ev_wonder_07_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Hey, Rui... I really liked your room. Can I visit again sometime?
Rui: Ah, you mean the workshop? Of course. You're welcome anytime.
Emu: Yay! There were some buttons that I didn't get to push, so I'm getting all of them next time♪
Rui: In that case, why don't I make a special button and hide it somewhere for you to find?
Emu: A special button?!
Rui: Yes, I'll make it so all the robots there will activate and dance all at once! How does that sound?
Emu: Wow...! That sounds really fun!!
Emu: Alright! I'm gonna do everything I can to find that button the next time I come over☆


4 1281:areatalk_ev_wonder_07_004

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Heh...! Hah...!
Nene: Uh, I think Tsukasa's striking weird poses by himself again...
Rui: It certainly seems that way, but it could also be...
Emu: Hey, Tsukasa! That looks fun☆ Whatcha doing?
Tsukasa: Oh, you're all here. Hello. I was just working on my body language as part of learning how to communicate better with people from abroad.
Nene: Huh?
Rui: Ah, I suspected as much. It looked like you were miming meeting and interacting with someone.
Nene: It looked like you were striking poses from where I was standing... Also, wouldn't it be better to just work on your foreign language skills instead?
Tsukasa: Hah. That I can do during class. However, there is no one here to help me with my body language!
Tsukasa: Which is why I was practicing on my own!
Emu: Oh, that makes so much sense! I wanna practice too♪
Rui: I'll join as well! Why don't I play someone from abroad?
Nene: Y-You're going along with this, Rui?! Ugh! My head won't be able to keep up if you all turn into knuckleheads!


5 1282:areatalk_ev_wonder_07_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

Rin: Oh, what was it like on the airplane?
Emu: There were all these chairs with TVs attached to them, and these nice ladies came by to give us food and drinks!
KAITO: I see... Hold on, does that mean you all flew first class?
Emu: I think so! Nene and the others seemed really surprised♪
Rin: Wait, Emu, you weren't surprised at all?
Emu: Hehe. No, because Grandpa's plane was a million times more amazing!
Emu: He somehow made it so there could be horses from a merry-go-round and teacup sofas on the inside!
KAITO: That sounds more like a flying amusement park than an airplane...
Emu: Yup! But I heard he ended up selling it because there was something he wanted to do in America.
Rin: Really? Even after going through the trouble of making a flying amusement park...?
KAITO: This is just my guess...
KAITO: But I have a feeling that your grandfather found an even more spectacular dream to go after. Something bigger than this airplane of his.


6 1283:areatalk_ev_wonder_07_006

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Luka: Oh, Nene, perfect timing...
Nene: Huh? Wh-Why are you behind me?
Luka: Hehe. Just play along, okay?
MEIKO: Nene, have you seen Luka around here at all...? Nevermind, I found her...
Nene: A-About that...
Nene: (She's not even trying to hide...)
MEIKO: I believe you've had a sufficient nap. It's time to rehearse for our show.
Luka: Beep... I am not Luka... I am Robo-Nene.
Nene & MEIKO: ...
MEIKO: Sleep talk when you're actually asleep. No, wait, don't fall asleep on me here... You promised us that you'd actually rehearse this time, so come!
Luka: Oh no, Nene, help me...
Nene: Um... You did make a promise...
Nene: (Still, her Robo-Nene impression was pretty good...)


7 1284:areatalk_ev_wonder_07_007

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Tsukasa: D-Did something explode just now?!
Rui: Ah, Tsukasa. Perfect timing.
Len: Come have some with us, Tsukasa!
Miku (WxS): We made some snacks by making them go BOOM☆
Tsukasa: Hm? Snacks that go... Oh, were you making rice puffs?
Rui: Yes, a friend of my parents' friends said they were getting rid of it, and managed to get my hands on it.
Tsukasa: In what world does a friend of a friend have something like that just lying around...?
Rui: Who knows? Regardless, I was testing it out to see if it could imitate the sound of cannon fire.
Miku (WxS): It was so loud too! Bang! Boom! And lots of smoke!
Len: Yeah! Can you do it again, Rui?!
Rui: Of course. Would you like to see as well, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Alright, I'll bite. It'll also be nice to not be the guinea pig for a change.
Rui: You make it sound like I've been trying to blow you up on purpose.
Tsukasa: That's because that's how it usually is!
Len: Have you been blown up that many times, Tsukasa?
Miku (WxS): That means you'd be great at making the rice go BOOM!
Tsukasa: That's not the point!


