1 1097:areatalk_ev_idol_05_001

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Minori, you've been doing really great lately! Your dance moves have all been spot on and I can tell that you've been working on fine details, like finger motions, too!
Minori: Really?! Thank goodness! That means I'm actually improving!
Airi: Of course you are. Why don't you check out some videos of us practicing when we were just starting out? I'm sure it'll be like night and day.
Minori: That much? I think I have them on my phone, so I'll make sure to take a look later!
Airi: (I remember going through the same thing. I hope she doesn't feel too embarrassed about how she did things before like I did...)


2 1098:areatalk_ev_idol_05_002

[Music Shop]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Hey, I feel like I've seen the idol on this CD before. You know, from that one group...?
Haruka: They've been appearing on TV more and more lately. I remember the lead for that group being rather outspoken, but charming at the same time...
Airi: Outspoken but charming... Oh, I remember now!
Airi: They stormed out of an audition I was in after the interviewer asked all these really nasty questions!
Haruka: Wow... Sounds like a very headstrong person...
Airi: I know, right? I didn't expect them to make it as an idol at first, but I guess they found a better agency...
Haruka: Yeah, maybe.
Airi: Hehe. I'm gonna pay homage to them by buying this CD!


3 1099:areatalk_ev_idol_05_003

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: The athletic shoes should be... Oh, here they are! Nice, they have a good selection too!
Shizuku: Yes, they really do. Maybe we should start shopping here for them from now on.
Shizuku: We've gone through so many pairs already since we practice so much each and every day.
Airi: Hey, that means we're practicing just that much.
Airi: Each pair we go through sort of represents us taking a step towards making our dreams come true, right?
Shizuku: Our dreams...? Hehe. Yes, you're right.
Shizuku: Then to make them come true faster, I think I'll buy ten pairs right now.
Airi: Hey, were you not listening to what I just said? I said each pair we go through, not buy.


4 1100:areatalk_ev_idol_05_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Alright, let's rest and relax as much as we can today!
Shizuku: Yes, let's!
Airi: Wanting to get a real break-in is great and all, but you might want to keep your voice down. Everyone around us can hear you.
Haruka: Hehe. But I've been looking forward to this too. It's not every day you get to go to stores specializing only in cotton candy and caramel apples...
Minori: I know, right?! But why did you choose these places in the first place?
Airi: Shizuku and I got some cotton candy and caramel apples when we went to the Summer Festival. It sort of reminded us how good they are.
Shizuku: And we decided to look for a suitable substitute since the two of you weren't able to join us then.
Haruka: You did all this for us? Thank you very much.
Airi: Don't mention it. Besides, someone else tipped me off to this caramel apple place, so I've been meaning to go too.
Airi: So let's try to have as much fun as we can today!
Haruka: Okay! Hehe.


5 1101:areatalk_ev_idol_05_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Len)

Len: Hair, check. Looks, check.
Len: Alright, time to make this show as fun and fantastic as possible for everyone in attendance today!


6 1102:areatalk_ev_idol_05_006

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Len)

Len: Hmm... I feel like I'm making some real connections with my fans during my shows, but it also feels like I'm hitting a wall sometimes...
Len: I wonder how Miku and the others deal with that...
Len: Okay, I'll try asking them about how to make my shows better before my next one!


7 1103:areatalk_ev_idol_05_007

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Len: Huh? You wanna get better at performing live?
Rin: Yeah! Like how to really become one with the fans during shows and stuff...
Len: MEIKO might be a better person to ask regarding that, but... Hmm...
Len: Doing calls and cheers that are easy to remember might be a good place to start. What do you think?
Rin: Yeah, that's a great idea! That way, everybody gets to help make the show really fun!
Rin: Thanks, Len! I'll try that during my next show!
Len: You're welcome. If you ever need to talk again, feel free to ask me.


8 1104:areatalk_ev_idol_05_008

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Miku (MMJ): This SEKAI's become so lively all of a sudden!
Luka: Yes, it really has♪ Being able to put on more and more shows as a result has been very fun too.
MEIKO: I agree! Since there are so many of us now, it could be fun to shuffle groups and swap songs during our shows!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, you're right! It'd be interesting to hear different renditions of the same song!
Luka: Hehe. It's a wonderful idea. There's this song I've been wanting to sing with you, MEIKO♪
MEIKO: Oh, what a coincidence! I was thinking the same thing♪
Miku (MMJ): Wait, which song? Mind singing it now since you're both here?
Luka & MEIKO: We'd love to♪


9 1183:areatalk_monthly2110_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Alright, Shizuku, wait right there. I'm gonna go buy this hand towel.
Shizuku: Okay. I think I'll go take a look at that little shop down this alley in the meantime.
Airi: Stop right there! Not another step, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Huh?
Airi: Don't give me that! You'll definitely end up lost somewhere by the time I get back!
Airi: So please, just wait right here! We can check out that shop together once I'm back, okay?
Shizuku: Okay, I'll wait. It'll be more fun to see what they have together anyway.


