1 2368:areatalk_ev_shuffle_49_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Airi Momoi, Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi)

Toya: Hello. Are you all going somewhere together?
Airi: Well, if it isn't Toya!
Nene: So, we just happened to run into each other. We were talking about Shibu Schools Fest.
Shiho: Even after experiencing it for myself, I sort of still can't believe that they got all the high schools in Shibuya to put on a festival together.
Airi: We were so focused on our musical that we didn't really get to talk to any of the other students who were involved.
Toya: I had a chance during the festival to take a brief look at the exhibit hall. It was quite spectacular.
Toya: They booked the hall by the station and filled it with research posters, inventions and other creations that students from all the schools worked on together.
Shiho: I had no idea. Now I sorta wish I'd gone to see it.
Nene: Oh, you might actually still have a chance.
Nene: There's been talk of putting the things that students worked on together on display at each school, since a lot of people were too busy the day of to go check it out.
Airi: That's great! I'd love to see them if they come to our school.


2 2369:areatalk_ev_shuffle_49_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Hinomori, thank you for leading the band for Shibu Schools Fest. What you did was enormous.
Shiho: You're giving me too much credit. The truth is, I had the leaders of each section lead their own practices.
Nene: The brass band members had nothing but praise for you, though. They kept saying how “pros see things differently,” and saying they wanted to learn from your example.
Shiho: Well, that's kind of them to say.
Shiho: I was on them about a lot of little things, so I was worried that they'd start resenting me as we practiced.
Nene: I see...
Nene: But I don't think you need to worry. The students I spoke to were all smiling after the show had finished, and so was everyone else.
Shiho: Yeah. After seeing them smile, I'm glad that I decided to not cut any corners.


3 2370:areatalk_ev_shuffle_49_003

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Nene Kusanagi)

Airi: Hi, Kusanagi. Fancy seeing you here at the bookstore. Are you looking to buy something?
Nene: I'm looking for a novel that was adapted into a show overseas. Are you also here to buy a book, Momoi?
Airi: Not a book, but a magazine. Check this out, right here! I gave an interview a while ago, and it's finally out now.
Nene: Let's see... “Top 10 Idols Who Know How To Cheer You Up”...?
Airi: That's right! As an idol whose goal it is to give others hope for a better tomorrow, I was ecstatic when I was asked to do this.
Nene: Hope for a better tomorrow...
Nene: I'm still impressed by how you're able to spread hope to so many people.
Airi: Oh? The shows you and your troupe put on always make people smile and laugh, don't they? I think that's just as impressive.
Airi: So, let's both keep doing our best to spread hope to as many people as we can and make them all smile♪
Nene: Y-Yes, let's...!
Nene: (Wh-Whoa... Idols really are spellbinding...!)


4 2371:areatalk_ev_shuffle_49_004

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi)

Toya: How do you like being a member of the library committee? You seem to have settled in nicely.
Nene: Yeah, I think I have gotten the hang of things. The seniors I've been working with at the desk have done a nice job of teaching me what I need to know.
Toya: In that case, would you like to start helping us decide which books we'll be newly placing on the shelves?
Nene: Wait, are you sure? I'm a second-year, but I only joined just this year.
Toya: Not a problem. I was in my first year too when I started participating in those discussions.
Toya: I have a feeling that it's going to come up during our next committee meeting. All are welcome to join, so don't be afraid to raise your hand.
Nene: Okay...
Nene: Thanks for telling me. It does sound like fun, so I'll try to participate.


5 2372:areatalk_ev_shuffle_49_005

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: It's been so long since we last went shopping together like this, Airi.
Airi: Yeah, I had a lot of fun. It felt like we were back in junior high.
Airi: By the way, Ena, are you still studying to become an artist?
Ena: Yeah, I am. I even worked on my assignment for art class before I came to see you today.
Airi: Wait, we met up at eleven. That means you were up hours before then, right?
Ena: Yeah. And I didn't even need Akito's help.
Airi: Good job, but is that really something to be that proud about...?
Airi: (Still, I'm glad that she's back to having hope about becoming an artist again.)
Ena: Airi? What's going on? You seem weirdly happy for some reason.
Airi: Nothing. More importantly, you're gonna take me to that cafe you've been recommending, right? I've been really looking forward to going!
Ena: Hehe. Good! You're gonna absolutely love it!


