1 1005:areatalk_ev_shuffle_07_001

[Music Shop]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Ena Shinonome)

Airi: Hm...
Ena: What's wrong, Airi? You have a pretty serious look on your face.
Airi: Well, I was thinking about buying a CD from a genre of music I don't usually listen to today...
Airi: But there's just way too much to choose from! I have no idea what to pick...!
Ena: Then, why not just buy one based on its artwork?
Airi: I could... But I'd rather choose something based on the artist or the tracks that are on it, you know...?
Airi: Sorry, I just need a little more time. Maybe one of these signs can help me...
Ena: It's okay. Take all the time you need.
Ena: (The way you take music so seriously is something I kind of like about you, Airi.)


2 1006:areatalk_ev_shuffle_07_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Hey, Airi, I was thinking about going on a little diet. Do you have any suggestions?
Airi: A diet? But you look great... I really don't think you need to...
Ena: But I think I gained a little weight...
Airi: Just a tiny bit compared to normal, right? I don't think dieting's the right solution...
Airi: You should be more worried about your usual lifestyle choices. If you don't straighten that out first, no diet is ever gonna work.
Ena: Oh... So maybe I should have a little less during each meal and...
Airi: No, start by cutting back on junk food! Wait, hold that thought... That means we can't go to that cake shop...
Ena: You're right, forget dieting! We're getting cake right now!
Airi: Hehe. That's more like it!


3 1008:areatalk_ev_shuffle_07_004

[Music Shop]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Oh, it's that music video... The one Ena was talking about with the art done by an illustrator she likes...
Shizuku: It's so cute and colorful too. It even says it's for an idol group...
Airi: Really? It'd be great to work on something like this someday...
Shizuku: That sounds wonderful. We could have Ena draw everything for us and Mizuki could put the video together!
Airi: Yeah! We just gotta keep working hard if we want to make that a reality!


4 1009:areatalk_ev_shuffle_07_005

[Main Street]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Ena Shinonome)

Shizuku: That reminds me, don't you have a younger brother, Ena? What is he like?
Ena: What's he like? He's a jerk who doesn't show his big sister any respect...!
Shizuku: He is? Even though he wakes you up in the morning and goes out to buy things for you in your place?
Ena: Huh? Well, yeah... He does but... What about your little sister, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Oh, Shii? She's just so cute! I can't help but try and hug her every time I see her!
Shizuku: She's so bashful too. She always tells me to stop being so clingy or not talk to her while we're at school.
Ena: Really? I didn't know that...!
Ena: (She's cute enough to want to hug and she's shy about it? I wish I could just trade Akito for her...)


5 1010:areatalk_ev_shuffle_07_006

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Is something wrong, Shizuku? You don't seem so well...
Shizuku: At the end of each of our videos, we each talk for around 30 seconds about how we thought the stream went...
Shizuku: But it's so hard for me to tell just how long 30 seconds is, so I have a habit of going under or over.
Shizuku: Until now, I always had a script to rely on or could cut stuff out during the editing phase, but that's not possible when we're doing livestreams.
Luka: I see... How about this? Try imagining those 30 seconds like you would a song and use its rhythm to measure how much time you have.
Luka: Any song that your mind is familiar with in terms of its timing and such should work too!
Shizuku: Oh, I see... We sing and dance so much, I may just be able to rely on muscle memory to some degree.
Shizuku: Thank you, Luka! I'll try it during our next stream!
Luka: Hehe. Good luck♪


6 1011:areatalk_ev_shuffle_07_007

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Megurine Luka)

Luka: That girl who went on the picnic with you... Ena, was it? You said you've known her since junior high?
Airi: Yeah. We ended up going to different high schools, but we still call each other to go out shopping together and stuff so we're still pretty close.
Luka: Hehe. I'm guessing you have quite a few friends like that, Airi♪
Airi: Sure, I might have more friends than some people, but Ena's the only person that sort of just lets me relax and be myself...
Airi: We say what we mean to each other and sometimes even argue, but we're honest about everything...
Airi: Back in junior high, we got into fights with each other all the time because of that...
Luka: Oh my. But I'm glad you have such a good friend♪


7 1012:areatalk_ev_shuffle_07_008

[Main Street]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Phew... That place's curry was so good. They give you so much too♪
Shizuku: Hehe. You have quite an appetite, Mizuki. You almost remind me of my little sister, Shii.
Mizuki: I do? Does your sister like to eat too?
Shizuku: Yes. Especially ramen and Salisbury steaks. She really could eat them endlessly.
Mizuki: Oh, I totally get that! It's hard not to do that with your favorite foods♪
Mizuki: (Shizuku's little sister, huh? I wonder what she's like...)


8 1013:areatalk_ev_shuffle_07_009

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Airi: Thanks for coming today, Mizuki! You helped me pick out a great new outfit!
Mizuki: Oh, you're more than welcome♪
Mizuki: I got my fill of eye candy too. I've been wondering how you'd look in Goth or Lolita clothes!
Airi: Hehe. I've been wanting try on some stuff like that too.
Airi: But I'm not sure I'd wear them that often, so it's a little hard to pull the trigger. I feel like all those frills and stuff would make me stand out way too much...
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. There's a store that's just for you then, miss. One with Lolita fashion that you can use as everyday clothes...!
Airi: Wait, really? Maybe just a quick peek...
Mizuki: Great! Right this way, miss♪


