1 2572:areatalk_ev_band_20_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hey, this popped up on my social media feed yesterday. Check it out!
Ichika: “Now Hiring. Accepting applications for part-time work as concert and event staff.” Oh, you can even sign up for one day at a time.
Shiho: Oh yeah, they do that for hiring lots of staff for big events.
Shiho: I feel like that's mostly for ushers and security.
Honami: Now that you mention it, some of the staff at Free Cluster's show looked around our age.
Saki: Exactly! Which is why I was thinking that we could also give it a try! It should be easy to find a day where we can all work together, right?!
Ichika: It sounds interesting... But is it really okay for us to be doing stuff like this?
Shiho: I mean, if you look towards the bottom, this ad specifically says “No high schoolers.”
Saki: What? Ah, you're right!
Saki: Aw... I thought this was the perfect opportunity for us to work at an event and learn more about how they're run together.
Shiho: I do agree that it'd be a good learning experience. It's probably best for us to know what the staff do for events like that.
Shiho: (What is it like to work behind the scenes at a big venue...? Maybe the manager knows someone who can help us answer that question.)


2 2573:areatalk_ev_band_20_002

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Shiho: Hmm... Personally, I like this, but I'm not sure it fits Leo/need's sound.
Miku (Ln): Hm? Ah, are you talking about your new effects pedal?
Shiho: Yeah, I've been trying out a few riffs on it after the bassist for Free Cluster recommended it to me...
Shiho: But the rabbit hole for pedals goes really deep, and it's been hard nailing down exactly what I want...
Shiho: That being said, it's always fun to experiment.
Miku (Ln): Yes, that is one of the best parts about playing an instrument.


3 2574:areatalk_ev_band_20_003

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (Ln): Heh heh heh. Finally, Shih, you're here! I've been waiting for this moment☆
Shiho: Wait, are you gonna make me do something weird again?
Rin (Ln): N-No, I'm not! I was hoping that we could have a jam session together today!
Shiho: A jam session?
Rin (Ln): Yeah! I haven't been able to sit still since I saw your show!
Rin (Ln): I came up with a bunch of cool ideas for guitar solos. So, let's have our own solo relay!
Shiho: I see... In that case, the person who fails to keep the relay going will be declared the loser.
Rin (Ln): Sounds fun☆ You're on!


4 2575:areatalk_ev_band_20_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Saki, I know you've been following me for a while now.
Saki: Wait, what?! But I changed the way I hide after Hona noticed that I was following her the other day.
Shiho: I mean, hiding yourself behind a branch is pretty cliche... And the leaves aren't even big enough to actually hide you.
Shiho: So? Why were you following me?
Saki: I wanted to make sure you that you were fulfilling your duties as a member of the animal caretaker committee!
Saki: And you've gotten a perfect hundred so far!
Shiho: Thanks, but you get a zero for having your cover blown.
Saki: Z-Zero?! What do I need to get a perfect score, Shiho? You gotta tell me!
Shiho: How am I supposed to know...?


5 2576:areatalk_ev_band_20_005

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: Oh, Ichika. They have some merchandise for that band you really like here.
Ichika: Look at that. And they're only available for a limited time.
Honami: This one has their cat mascot on it. Its tiny hat is so cute.
Ichika: They apparently came up with that design together as a band. I hope we get to make stuff like this someday.
Honami: Hehe. Saki would probably come up with a cute and cheerful character.
Ichika: What about Shiho? Something involving little critters?
Ichika: Though... You'd probably bring the most unique ideas to the table, Honami.
Honami: Umm... That means you're looking forward to seeing my designs, right?


6 2624:areatalk_monthly2504_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Honami: Starting next week, the cleanup committee will be running a “Musical Cleaning Week”.
Shiho: Oh, what does that involve?
Honami: We'll be taking song requests from the student body. Any that are chosen will be played throughout the school while we clean each day.
Honami: We thought that cleaning would be more enjoyable if you get to do it while listening to your favorite songs.
Shiho: I see. Then, I might request some songs by my favorite bands.
Honami: Hehe. I'm sure everyone will be very excited, since the songs you like are all very cool...
Shiho: Actually, I might have trouble focusing. I'd probably want to play along instead of doing any cleaning...


7 2625:areatalk_monthly2504_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato)

Minori: I'm so excited to visit that new dog cafe!
Honami: Me too. It's so nice how more and more places are allowing people to bring their dogs with them.
Honami: Shibao seems to really like dog cafes too, since he gets to eat things that he normally doesn't.
Minori: Oh, Samo's the same way!
Minori: He got so excited when I told him how we're gonna go visit one with you guys soon.
Minori: Honestly, their menu looks so yummy, I'm looking forward to new food myself♪
Honami: Hehe. We'll need to make plenty of room in our stomachs.


8 2626:areatalk_monthly2504_003

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Megurine Luka)

Ichika: Huh? Luka, what's that you're reading?
Luka (Ln): The magazine that you all brought over the other day. I was just reading through your interview.
Ichika: Oh, that... It's a little embarrassing seeing you read it so intently.
Luka (Ln): Really? But I thought you all did a wonderful job of putting your feelings about your band and your music into words.
Luka (Ln): And I like this photo very much. You all look very sharp.
Ichika: I was actually really nervous for that. My face basically froze up...
Ichika: But I guess this means it turned out okay...


9 2627:areatalk_monthly2504_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, KAITO)

Saki: Ta-daa! Check it out, KAITO!
KAITO (Ln): Potato chips...? Are they for me?
Saki: Yes! It's a new flavor that they just released♪ I was hoping that you'd give them a taste!
KAITO (Ln): Let's see... Wait, they're green. What flavor are these exactly?
Saki: Heh heh heh! You'll have to eat them to find out!
KAITO (Ln): Hm...? It's sweet, but also sour... Is it a fruit of some sort...?
Saki: Oh, we have a winner♪ They're muscat grape-flavored!
KAITO (Ln): I see... It's an unusual flavor, but these are better than I expected.


10 2628:areatalk_monthly2504_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: Oh, was that girl you were talking to just now your junior?
Shiho: Yeah. She said she listens to Leo/need's songs, and she's rooting for us.
Haruka: I see. It's pretty nice of her to come over and tell you that in person.
Shiho: But I'm a little worried about how I spoke to her. I'm starting to think that I was too curt...
Haruka: I don't think you were. I mean, she seemed really happy about getting to talk to you, Hinomori.
Haruka: Oh, but if you want to learn how to strike poses for your fans, I'm always here.
Shiho: No, I'll pass.


11 2651:areatalk_monthly2505_003

[School SEKAI - Station]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (Ln): Come to think of it, Honami, in your world, they play a song whenever a train is about to depart, yes?
Honami: Yes, that's right. They play a specific song each time a train leaves a particular station.
Miku (Ln): I haven't heard any songs being played over here, but it could be fun for that to happen at our station.
Honami: Hehe. Yes, it would. What kind of song would you like to hear being played?
Miku (Ln): Probably one by your band. Oh, we could also try playing something ourselves.
Honami: Yes, for instance, right now.
Miku (Ln): Let's ask Luka and the others to see if they'll play with us.


