1 2734:areatalk_ev_shuffle_58_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Saki Tenma, An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama)

An: Hey, did you know the island we went to for that festival is famous for being a great snorkeling spot?! You can even see sea turtles if you're lucky!
Mizuki: Wait, really? That sounds super fun!
An: They even have night tours! You go for a walk around the island and look for wild animals.
Saki: Wow, I wish we could've done that! If I'd known, I totally would've signed up!
Mizuki: Haha. Same. But something tells me there are a ton of other fun things to do on that island.
Saki: Yeah, totally! Now I really wanna go back!
An: Hehe! It'd be great if we could all go back together someday.


2 2735:areatalk_ev_shuffle_58_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori)

Haruka: Did you all see the comments people have been posting about the festival on social media?
An: Yeah, I did! I saw someone say how Wonderlands×Showtime was the best!
Emu: Hehe. I saw someone say, “I got to see Vivid BAD SQUAD for the first time, and they were so cool!”
Haruka: I'm glad we decided to participate in that festival. It was a nice opportunity to have new people see us perform.
Haruka: Plus, I'm happy I got to see all of you perform. You two were both amazing, and it all had a big impact on me.
An: Haha, thanks. But I know what you mean. You guys leveled up a ton since the last time I saw you.
Emu: Woohoo! Then, I'm gonna do my best to surprise you guys even more next time!
An: Yeah, I'm gonna do the same!


3 2736:areatalk_ev_shuffle_58_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: That MiraMagi pilgrimage I did was so much fun. I ended up taking a bunch of pictures!
Haruka: You seemed so excited, Mizuki.
Saki: Pilgrimages, huh? They must be really special experiences for the fans performing them♪
Mizuki: Wait, why are you talking like this has nothing to do with you? Pretty soon, pilgrimages to that island might not all be for MiraMagi.
Haruka: What do you mean?
Mizuki: Well, Leo/need and MORE MORE JUMP! are both on the rise and just did shows there.
Mizuki: In the future, some people are gonna start visiting and calling that a pilgrimage, right?
Saki: Wait, for us?! I'm starting to feel a little embarrassed, but also happy...
Haruka: Hehe. We need to keep working harder and harder so that people actually start performing them.


4 2737:areatalk_ev_shuffle_58_004

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku)

An: Ta-daa! Check it out! I brought these over for you guys to play with, Miku!
Miku (VBS): Is this...a fireworks set? Spinners, snakes and... Oh, it even includes some rockets.
An: Rin and Len said they wanted to play with some after I told you guys about what we did on that island, remember?
An: So, Miku, I thought we could all play with some together! I went out and bought a bunch that seemed good!
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Now I see. The truth is, I was also curious, so I'm looking forward to trying these out.
An: Great! I even invited Kohane and the others, so let's have ourselves a really fun fireworks party!
