1 1550:areatalk_ev_band_11_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: Hey, what if we uploaded a video of us practicing to the Leo/need channel?
Ichika: A video of us practicing...?
Saki: Yeah, you know how Airi and her group stream their practices? Every time I watch, I always feel this urge to cheer them on♪
Honami: She has a point. Seeing us hard at work would not only make others want to cheer us on, but also give them a boost of encouragement.
Ichika: Still, I'm not sure how I feel about having people listen to me practicing...
Ichika: What did Shiho say?
Saki: “A bit of pressure during practice might do us some good,” she said!
Honami: Hehe. You're always so good at impersonating Shiho.
Saki: Aren't I?! Let's just try doing one little video and see how it goes♪
Ichika: Okay. We're already taking on a new challenge, I guess it'll be good for us to try different things out.


2 1551:areatalk_ev_band_11_002

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, KAITO)

Ichika: KAITO, thank you for your part in our decision to try making our own music videos.
Shiho: You mentioning that we don't have to only focus on doing shows definitely helped us think of that.
KAITO: There's no need to thank me...
KAITO: All I did was say what popped into my head...
Ichika: You say that, KAITO, but I feel that a lot of your small suggestions have ended up helping us in a big way.
Shiho: Yeah, I know what you mean. KAITO's words always seem to have some sort of deeper meaning to them.
KAITO: Um... Like I said, it was just what popped into my head. Don't put too much stock into it...
KAITO: (Because I'll start putting too much thought into what I say, and then I'll have trouble talking to any of you...)


3 1552:areatalk_ev_band_11_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Huh? You want to think of nicknames for Miku?
Saki: Yeah! The Miku on your computer and the Miku in SEKAI are both “Miku”, right? So, I thought we could come up with different names for each of them.
Shiho: Different names...? What's wrong with just calling them both “Miku”?
Saki: But won't that get really confusing? How do you know which Miku someone's talking about?
Shiho: Hmm... You really think it'll get that confusing?
Honami: Um, I actually think it should be fine.
Ichika: Me too...
Saki: What?! And here I was, lying wide awake last night wondering what to do about this!
Shiho: A bit overdramatic...
Honami: By the way, Saki, what names did you want to use?
Saki: Well... I thought I should ask all of you first!
Ichika: So, you've got nothing...
Shiho: Anyway, let's eat our lunches before break ends.
Saki: We can think of names while we eat, right?! I bet we'll come up with something really cute if we put our heads together!
Ichika: Okay, okay. Let's give it a try, then.


4 1553:areatalk_ev_band_11_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Miku (Ln): KAITO, would you like to play something with me?
KAITO: Sure, which song...?
Miku (Ln): Then, let's go with the song Ichika wrote.
KAITO: You really like that song, don't you, Miku...?
Miku (Ln): I do. I mean, she wrote it specifically with me in mind...with “Miku” in mind.
Miku (Ln): I want to play it a lot so I get a full understanding of what Ichika was feeling as she wrote it.
KAITO: I see... Then I can't take this lightly. Hold on a bit, I'll need some time to get warmed up.
Miku (Ln): Okay, no problem!


5 1554:areatalk_ev_band_11_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Miku (Ln): Ichika, for your next show, are you and the girls also going to play the song you wrote?
Len: We were wondering how the crowd at the live house is going to react when they hear it.
Ichika: Hehe. Saki was saying the same thing.
Ichika: Every time we practice it, she says, “I can't wait for everyone to hear this.”
Len: I get how she feels. We all thought it was really good when Miku played it for us.
Miku (Ln): Yes, I'm looking forward to seeing how they react to it.
Ichika: Thanks, you two.
Ichika: We've been practicing hard ahead of our next show, so I'm sure we'll get to find out soon.
Miku (Ln): Really? Then, if possible... Would you mind inviting us?
Ichika: Of course. I also want you guys to come, so we'll let you know if it's a venue where you could come along with no problems.
Len: Alright, that's a promise!


6 1565:areatalk_monthly2211_001

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Tsukasa: Hm? Ah, if it isn't Emu!
Emu: Oh, Tsukasa, Saki! Good wonderhoy☆
Saki: Good wonderhoy, Emu! Are you out shopping, too?
Emu: Yup! I'm about to go shopping for clothes with my sis☆
Tsukasa: Wait, I don't see your sister anywhere...?
Emu: Hehe, I was so excited that I got here super early. I'm waiting to meet her.
Saki: I see. But waiting all alone like this has gotta be pretty boring...
Saki: Tsukasa, can we stay and keep her company until her sister comes?
Tsukasa: Yes, I don't mind, and this seems like a nice opportunity to take a break.
Emu: Saki...! Thank you so wonderhoy!
Saki: You're very wonderhoy! Oh, Tsukasa and I found this really cool shop when we were walking around just now...


7 1567:areatalk_monthly2211_003

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Nene Kusanagi)

Ichika: Let's see... Oh, found it! This is the Miku CD I was recommending to you the other day, Kusanagi.
Nene: Thanks, Hoshino. I think you mentioned that all the artists involved wrote songs based on a common theme.
Ichika: Yes. The songs all have their own style despite sharing a common theme, so it's really fun to listen to.
Ichika: Also, how Miku sings can vary greatly depending on who wrote the song. And...
Nene: (Hehe. She's having so much fun as she talks. I can tell that she loves Miku just that much.)
Ichika: Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to give a full review before you've had a chance to listen to it.
Nene: No, that's okay. You've told me what to look out for, so I'll make sure to listen to it carefully.
Ichika: Yeah!


