1 1515:areatalk_ev_street_10_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: I watched Music Land yesterday! My jaw dropped when they revealed that “Japan's prized classical musician” was your dad, Aoyagi!
Toya: Yes, I heard. Akito told me at school today.
Kohane: Huh? Did you not know about this?
Toya: No, I knew that he was going to be on TV. A crew came to film at my house about two months ago.
Toya: I must've forgotten about it. Fortunately, my mom made sure to record it, so I'm thinking about watching it when I get home.
Kohane: Great! Hehe. I have a feeling that your mom wanted to save a recording of her husband appearing in the spotlight.
Toya: Yes, possibly.
Toya: (I should invite her to watch it with me if she's home...)


2 1516:areatalk_ev_street_10_002

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Shiraishi, I've finished checking the English you used in the rap section you asked me to look at the other day.
An: O-Okay, how was it...?
Toya: I saw no problems with it, including the part you fixed earlier.
An: Really?! Thank goodness! I only had to do one round of fixes! Isn't that awesome?!
Toya: Yes, it is. Only a few corrections were necessary since you didn't make any spelling or idiomatic mistakes this time around.
Toya: So, Shiraishi, you did well.
An: Didn't I?! I pored through my textbook and dictionary in order to write the coolest lyrics I could.
An: Hehe. We'll need to make sure Akito and Kohane also pull their weight!
Toya: (If only she felt as passionate about studying for tests...)


3 1517:areatalk_ev_street_10_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: Oh, hey, Toya... Did you tell Tono that I like pancakes?
Toya: Hm? No, I don't remember telling him that... Oh, but I did tell Soma...
Toya: I asked him if he'd like me to bring anything the next time I visited, and we began talking about a few different things...
Akito: Ah, okay...
Toya: Should I not have told him? I imagine you might be bothered by me telling others about what you don't like, but I thought I could tell them about your favorite food...
Akito: Nah, it's all good. I was just a little confused when Tono asked if I wanted to check out this diner that was having some sort of “parfait and pancake fair”.
Toya: He invited me as well. Based on what Soma told me, Tono apparently doesn't know many other people with a sweet tooth. I suspect that's why he ended up asking us.
Akito: If there's something he wanted to try, I figure he wouldn't have any trouble going to those shops that are always full of girls by himself.
Toya: That may be so, but doesn't food always taste better when you're with friends?
Toya: Mita also seemed interested, so why don't we all go together? It'll be a good chance to get to know each other better.
Akito: Alright, fine... Maybe just this once.


4 1518:areatalk_ev_street_10_004

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Oh, hey! For our next event, what if we all wore matching outfits?
Toya: Yes, since we're also writing songs based on a single theme. It's not a bad idea.
An: Not bad, right?
Kohane: Hehe. I like it too, An!
Akito: Well, if we're gonna come up with designs for new outfits, we gotta give it some serious thought.
Toya: Then, Akito, how do you feel about us wearing the same outfits as everyone on the other teams?
Akito: No way. We may be writing songs based on the same theme, but each team's still gonna bring something different to the table. We really shouldn't mess with that.
Toya: I see...
Kohane: Hehe. That means our event should turn into a really colorful tapestry, right?
Akito: It might. Anyway, let's start coming up with ideas for our outfits.
Kohane, An & Toya: Yeah! Okay.


5 1519:areatalk_ev_street_10_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Toya: KAITO, the songs you mixed were all very good. I couldn't help but move to the rhythm.
KAITO: Haha. It is a DJ's responsibility to get the audience going by creating a fun atmosphere after all.
Miku (VBS): I'll admit that you're very good at creating a fun atmosphere, KAITO, but I'd really prefer it if you didn't play music while washing the dishes.
Toya: Hm? Why's that?
Miku (VBS): Well, just the other day, a certain someone started playing a song and washing dishes to its rhythm. As a result, the floor got all covered in soap.
KAITO: H-Haha... I may've gotten a little ahead of myself that time.
Miku (VBS): A little? Who was it that helped you clean the floor?
KAITO: Oh, um... I very much appreciate what you did.
Toya: Hehe...
Toya: (If there's a mix like that, I'd like to listen to it next time.)


