1 1421:areatalk_ev_idol_08_001

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Let's see. It's a new song, so it should be...! Hehehe...
Haruka: Minori, what are you doing...?
Minori: Eep! H-Haruka! I was just... I was just doing some mental rehearsals...
Minori: I mean, we have this really great song in the works, so I was just imagining how it'd look on display here as a CD.
Haruka: I see. Also, why are you peeking at it while trying to hide?
Minori: Haha... The scenario in my mind involves me hiding behind this shelf while seeing if anyone picks up our CD.
Haruka: Oh, I did the same thing when our first single went on sale. I couldn't help but peek into CD shops to see if anyone was buying our song...
Minori: What?! I-Is that true?!
Minori: Does that mean we can come see what's going on if we do manage to release a CD?!
Haruka: Hehe. Airi might turn you down, but it'd be nice to see the smiles on our fans' faces.


2 1422:areatalk_ev_idol_08_002

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Hey, Haruka. Are you out shopping too?
Haruka: Yeah, I came to pick up some fashion magazines. Airi, you're... Wow, that looks like a lot.
Airi: Yup. All ingredients and cookware for baking sweets!
Airi: Remember how I made that cake for Valentine's Day? I've sort of been obsessed with baking since.
Airi: I even made plans to bake something with my dad and little sister tomorrow.
Haruka: Hehe. That sounds like fun. Baking, huh...?
Airi: Oh, are you interested? I can tell you about some low-sugar recipes if you like.
Airi: You always do great whenever you cook for our streams, so it should be a piece of cake for you.
Haruka: You think so? In that case, I'd like to know more.
Airi: Okay! I'll make sure to pick out some good ones for you!


3 1423:areatalk_ev_idol_08_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, Haruka. Remember that running route you recommended to me the other day?
Haruka: Did you try going for a run?
Shizuku: Yes, a few times. I had a wonderful run each time because of all the greenery.
Haruka: That's good to hear. By the way, did you find your way around okay? My goal was to pick something that stuck close to the road.
Shizuku: No problems whatsoever! Even I was surprised!
Shizuku: All I did was turn left at the bookstore, bakery and other landmarks you told me about, and like magic, I was back in front of my house.
Haruka: Hehe. Their cute exteriors and distinct signage makes it easy, right?
Haruka: (I'm not sure what to do in the event these shops become something else. I hope she learns the actual route soon.)


4 1424:areatalk_ev_idol_08_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Hey, Haruka! Is there anything you always made sure to eat before a big show?
Haruka: Well... It wasn't always, but fried chicken was something I liked to eat since we usually had some in the green room.
Miku (MMJ): That sounds pretty filling. Is that so you wouldn't feel hungry during the actual show?
Haruka: There's that. But I remember my manager saying, “The grease helps keep your throat from drying out,” and how, “The vitamin A in chicken meat is good for your mucous membrane.”
Haruka: As a result, it became a sort of ritual for some of us after we came to believe that eating fried chicken would ensure a show's success.
Miku (MMJ): I didn't know that!
Haruka: Oh, however... After I started slumping, I preferred to have things that were soothing, like tea with honey.
Haruka: Everyone was surprised at first, but once they learned my reasoning, they began saying, “What a marvelously elegant way to spend time,” as if I were an heiress or something.
Rin: Wow, they sound like really nice people!
Haruka: Yeah, they are... But I ended up not being able to go on stage... I caused everyone a lot of trouble and ASRUN ended up having to disband.
Miku (MMJ): I see...
Haruka: But I still talk to them from time to time. They were really happy for me when I told them that I decided to be an idol again.
Rin: Really?! That's great...!
Haruka: (Then and now... I've had the fortune of being blessed with wonderful friends.)


5 1425:areatalk_ev_idol_08_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Okay, have we all picked out a movie for the “Recommended Films” segment we're gonna be doing during our next stream?
Minori: Of course! Here's mine! It's a coming-of-age movie about a track and field team called “A Rainbow on the Track”! It brought me to tears because it was so good!
Haruka: Oh, Fujimiya from “IRIS RINK” is in that. It was her first time acting, but she did such an amazing job that she seemed like a completely different person compared to her usual on-stage persona.
Shizuku: I've seen that movie too. It's such a wonderfully heartwarming film.
Shizuku: But I believe my choice is also no pushover. Here! It's “Zom-Zom-Zombie and the Search for His Family”.
Airi: Oh, that one! It's the animated film about a zombie boy who literally falls apart as he searches for his parents and siblings, right?!
Airi: I've been meaning to watch it since my little sister and her friends said they were so moved by it.
Haruka: Oh, I've never heard of this movie before, but it sounds nice.
Shizuku: It really is. The moral of this story reminds you of just how precious your family is. By the way, Airi, what did you choose?
Airi: Here's my pick! “Nobody's By My Side”
Airi: It's a mystery that involves the protagonist meeting this strange and lonely adolescent, and you slowly learn more about them as the story progresses. It's a great story with a really heartrending finale...
Minori: Oh wow! Mystery movies always seem kinda scary, but I might really enjoy this one if its story really is that touching.
Haruka: Finally, my selection. I'd like to recommend a movie called “Inferential Friends”.
Haruka: These two girls are the dual protagonists and they're very close friends. However, they're both prone to jumping to the wrong conclusion, which causes the story to unfold in a really unexpected way.
Airi: Nice! I don't think any of us were expecting you to pick a comedy, Haruka.
Shizuku: I agree. I can't wait to see what it's like.
Minori: Me neither! Let's hurry over to Shizuku's place and watch them all!


6 1485:areatalk_monthly2207_001

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Oh, Haruka, listen. Shizuku gave me this little turtle recently♪
Luka: It's covered in spikes and so squishy... And it feels really nice when you step on it. Can you guess my turtle's true identity?
Haruka: A turtle that's covered in spikes...? And you can step on it...?
Haruka: I think I figured it out, Luka. Are you talking about an inflatable balance pad?
Luka: Correct! I'm amazed that my description provided you with enough information.
Luka: (I mean, I was so startled when Shizuku gave me the same explanation, including the part about stepping on this turtle.)
Luka: And here's the turtle Shizuku gave me.
Haruka: Oh. Hehe. It's green... It really does look like a turtle.
Luka: Yes, it does. I don't feel too great about stepping on it, but I'd like to put my gift to good use.


7 1486:areatalk_monthly2207_002

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, KAITO)

KAITO: Yes, that was good! You looked really sharp throughout that part just now!
Airi: Thank you, KAITO. Still, are you sure I won't stand out in a weird way when I'm standing alongside Shizuku and the others?
KAITO: Hmm... Are you talking about the part where you're supposed to sing?
KAITO: I have a feeling that your fans' eyes will naturally gravitate toward you and be delighted when they see you performing such a cool dance.
Airi: I see... I was a little worried since the dance routine for the song we're practicing now is pretty flashy... Maybe my concern was a bit misplaced...
Airi: But you might be right about fans wanting to see us just be our individual selves during solos.
KAITO: If you're concerned about timing this routine correctly and such, you can make it so the spotlight only illuminates the person being featured during a solo.
Airi: That's true too. Thank you for the advice, KAITO. I really appreciate it!
KAITO: Hehe. You're welcome. And you're always free to ask me about anything that's bothering you.


8 1487:areatalk_monthly2207_003

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Len)

Len: Hmm... What should I do...?
Shizuku: Hm? Len, is something the matter?
Len: So, MEIKO and I are gonna do this duet together, but I'm having trouble choreographing a good dance routine for us since there's a bit of a height gap between us...
Len: She's also busy working on a show that she's gonna do with Rin. As a result, we haven't had a chance to give my routine a try...
Shizuku: I see. I'm sorry to hear that...
Shizuku: Oh, actually, I may be able to help since MEIKO and I are just about the same height.
Len: You're right! Would you mind trying the dance routine I choreographed with me, Shizuku? I really wanna see how it looks in real life.
Shizuku: Yes, of course! I'd love to!


