1 1560:areatalk_ev_idol_11_001

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Haruka, it was so nice to hear that your hero's doing well even now!
Haruka: Yeah, I felt so happy after my mom showed me that article.
Minori: What if she still remembers you? How amazing would that be?!
Haruka: She probably remembers helping a little girl who got lost, but I doubt she'll recognize me.
Haruka: Especially since it sounded like it was a regular occurrence whenever she was performing in events.
Haruka: (I'm sure she's made so many other children besides me smile too.)


2 1561:areatalk_ev_idol_11_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: “It is important to make the purpose of your correspondence as clear as possible.” Yes, I see...
Haruka: What are you reading, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Oh, Haruka, Airi! Hehe. This is a book on how to write business emails.
Shizuku: You and Airi handle most of that for us currently, Haruka, so I thought that I should learn how to as well.
Airi: That'd help a lot. At the same time, I'm not sure you need that book. I feel like you can write those kinds of emails just fine already.
Airi: I mean, you got a hold of that one creator and asked them to use my song from way back when.
Haruka: That's right. Etiquette's important, but it's always better to express how you actually feel instead of using a boilerplate response.
Shizuku: Hehe. That's very true. Then, I think I'll focus on learning how to use all these different functions. For example, attaching files and understanding what “barbeque” means.
Airi: Wait, barbeque? What are you talking about?
Haruka: Oh, are you talking about the BCC function...?
Airi: You only got the B right! Geez, I'm starting to get worried. Alright, I'm gonna help you learn this stuff.
Shizuku: You will? I really appreciate it, Airi!


3 1562:areatalk_ev_idol_11_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Oh, look! We got a DM with an offer about promoting a product!
Minori: It says, “Lucky Meat Burgers! Zero calories because you're just that lucky!”
Haruka: Zero calories...? For being lucky...?
Airi: Seriously, quit reading these kinds of DMs. You know this one's just another scam, right?
Shizuku: I agree. However, if what they're saying is true, those hamburgers sound very interesting...
Minori: Haha... Yeah... It came with supplemental documents, so I was hoping that just maybe...
Airi: Lemme see... Ten patents pending? Soon to be approved by a famed culinary researcher?
Haruka: Hmm... I'm having a hard time finding a part of this offer that isn't suspicious...
Minori: *Sigh* That's too bad. I thought it could help turn my fortunes around since I'm so unlucky...!
Airi: Anyway, I'll send them a polite response saying that we'll pass...
Shizuku: Yes, please do.


4 1563:areatalk_ev_idol_11_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, MEIKO)

Haruka: MEIKO, I'd like to do something for you as thanks for giving me the advice I needed to hear. Is there anything you want or would like me to do?
MEIKO: Oh, you don't have to. But since you're offering... Would you mind if I made a small request?
Haruka: What is it?
MEIKO: So, Miku, the others and I have been thinking about doing some jump rope training. Unfortunately, we don't have enough jump ropes to go around...
Haruka: I see... Then, I'll bring over however many you all need.
MEIKO: Thank you so much, Haruka! Oh, would you and the girls like to join us?
Haruka: May we? I'd sure like to, so let me ask Minori and the others about this.


5 1564:areatalk_ev_idol_11_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Miku (MMJ): MEIKO! The show you just did was so incredible!
MEIKO: You watched, Miku? Could I ask what you liked in particular?
Miku (MMJ): Of course! First, your song selection. You sang really cute songs for your last show, but you chose cool ones for this show! It was so exciting!
Miku (MMJ): So was the way you danced. My plan was to cheer for a bit and head off to practice, but I couldn't take my eyes off you!
MEIKO: Hehe. Oh, Miku. You're too kind.
Miku (MMJ): Because it's all true. Now I want to try doing a cool song and dance routine like you just did.
MEIKO: Yes, actually... I'm also interested in seeing how you would do one of these routines. Do you remember which song? I'll teach you♪
Miku (MMJ): You will?! You're the best, MEIKO!
MEIKO: But if we're gonna do this, then we're going all out, so get ready.


