1 2699:areatalk_ev_night_22_001

[Empty SEKAI - Lake]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mafuyu: The pop-up store Yuki's at will be closing up soon.
Kanade: I guess that means your sister's time in Japan will be coming to an end, right?
Mizuki: Yeah, she has to head back right after it closes.
Ena: Oh... Aren't you sad about that, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Not at all. We can always get a hold of each other.
Mizuki: Plus, I still have all of you to keep me company♪ Nah, I'm just messing around!
Ena: Whatever you say.


2 2700:areatalk_ev_night_22_002

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama, Kagamine Len)

Len (N25): Mizuki, thank you for bringing over all those snacks the other day.
Mizuki: You're welcome! By the way, which was your favorite?
Len (N25): Umm... I think those chocolate sticks.
Mizuki: Oh, the ones from the chocolatier that my big sis really recommends! I had a few myself later, and yeah, those were super good.
Mizuki: Hehe. I might just ask her to bring back some more every time she comes back to Japan!
Len (N25): Do you know when she's coming back next?
Mizuki: Hmm... Dunno. Maybe New Year's or something?
Mizuki: Either way, I had a lot of fun trying all those snacks with you guys, so we should definitely do it again next time.
Len (N25): Yeah...!


3 2701:areatalk_ev_night_22_003

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Here, it's this. The theme song for this show has been going viral on social media.
Kanade: “We're the Plushiez”...? Based on the characters on the cover, is this an anime about plushies?
Mizuki: Yup! At first glance, it looks like a kids' show, but the story's been getting more intriguing with each episode. And the song's really amazing!
Kanade: Really? Then, I might buy a copy.
Mizuki: By the way, that comes with a special bonus. You get one of six Plushiez stickers of your choice.
Kanade: I'm not sure I want one... Which would you like, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Are you sure?! Then, can I have Guru? He's number two♪


4 2702:areatalk_ev_night_22_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Mafuyu, thanks for lending me your math study guide.
Mafuyu: Did it help you remember how quadratic functions work like you hoped?
Ena: Yeah. I couldn't make heads or tails of the problems in it because they were so hard, but the explanations were really easy to understand. That helped a ton.
Ena: Hehe. I got to do some tough problems that our school would never have us do, so I should be all set for today's review test.
Mafuyu: Night classes involve those kinds of tests?
Ena: No, I think our math teacher is just really mean. There's nothing like that for the other subjects.
Mafuyu: It's a teacher's job to make sure their students are retaining the material. I don't think that counts as being mean.
Ena: That's not what I wanna hear. Anyway, I'll see you later tonight.
Mafuyu: Okay, good luck on your test.


5 2703:areatalk_ev_night_22_005

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

Luka (N25): Oh, Len. Playing cat's cradle again?
Len (N25): Yeah, I usually do when I'm alone...
Len (N25): What do you like to do when you're by yourself, Luka?
Luka (N25): Me? Hehe. Hide and seek.
Len (N25): Wait, by yourself?
Luka (N25): Yes. I hide while hoping that someone will eventually find me.
Len (N25): I had no idea... Oh, in that case... I'll try looking for you the next chance I get.
Luka (N25): Oh, you will? That would make hiding alone feel much less lonely.
Luka (N25): (I was joking, but this may end up a fun way to pass the time.)


6 2739:areatalk_monthly2509_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: Huff... Huff... Oh, Ms. Mochizuki, Tenma... Hello...
Honami: A-Are you alright? You don't look so good...
Kanade: I'm okay... I decided to go for a walk and get some exercise for a change, and it just tired me out a little...
Saki: Now I see...! Please make sure to get some rest when you get home!
Honami: Oh, there should still be some beef and mushroom rice in your refrigerator. I hope you'll have some tonight since it should help you recover.
Saki: N-No fair...! That sounds really good! Hey, what else did you make for her?
Honami: Let's see... This time, I made some braised ground pork, chicken and daikon stew, croquette balls, pumpkin salad and...
Kanade: This is making me hungry for some reason...


7 2740:areatalk_monthly2509_003

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

An: (Huh? That looks like Toya and Mizuki over there. What could they be talking about...?)
Toya: You can hear a piano being played in the music room?
Mizuki: Yeah! Night after night, after everyone's gone home and things have gotten quiet, you can hear the melancholic sound of a piano coming from the music room.
An: (Wait, this is the story Mizuki told me before...!)
An: (I had trouble setting foot in the music room for a while after that. A-And now I remember it all...)
Toya: ... I see...
Toya: I'd like to hear this song...
An: Huh?
Toya: Melancholy is a delicate form of expression that requires a deft touch. That person must always be practicing late into the night.
Mizuki: Oh, no, uhh...
Mizuki: Yeah, that's right...!! This story's about just how much they love to practice!
An: How does Toya do that...?


8 2741:areatalk_monthly2509_004

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Akito Shinonome, Ena Shinonome)

Airi: (Those cat pancakes are still available! Where's the end of the line...? Huh?)
Akito: Seriously, Ena, what are you doing here...?
Ena: Excuse me? That's my line. I had my eye on this place for like ever, and I was set on coming today!
Akito: How was I supposed to know that? I left the house before you and got here first.
Airi: Alright, that's enough, you two. Honestly, you both having sweet tooths can be so problematic sometimes.
Akito & Ena: Momoi?! Airi?!
Airi: If you two keep arguing, you're gonna make the cats all sad. So, let's try to be civil!
Ena: Alright, Airi, if you say so...
Akito: Okay...
Airi: Hehe. Thanks. I really can't wait to have their cat pancakes!


9 2742:areatalk_monthly2509_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Airi: Oh, Shizuku, Asahina. What are you two doing here so late?
Shizuku: We were talking after bumping into each other just now. I didn't realize that you were also still here, Airi.
Airi: Yeah, I was talking with one of the second-years after she asked me for some advice regarding work for TV.
Mafuyu: Hehe. You really are a caring person.
Airi: I can't just leave a junior hanging after she asks me for advice, you know? I'm sure a lot of girls ask you for advice, Asahina.
Mafuyu: Yes, the clubmates and class reps that I've become friends with do ask me for advice. I also sometimes help them with their homework.
Shizuku: I believe you're both equally caring people. I mean, Asahina, I owe you so much! You helped me with my homework just the other day.
Shizuku: You're also always helping me, Airi. Be it for work or whenever I get lost...
Airi: Speaking of which, I had to find you at the station the other day. I thought my heart was gonna stop when you sent me that message saying, “Help me.”
Mafuyu: Hehe. But I feel that I'd always jump to Hinomori's aid if she asked for it.
Airi: Yeah... Honestly, you can't take us for granted.
