1 2392:areatalk_ev_shuffle_50_001

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: Oh, hello, Shizuku, Shiho! Are you two also out shopping?
Shizuku: Yes, we came to buy some sweets at this new dessert shop we heard opened recently.
Saki: What?! A new dessert shop?! We need to go, Tsukasa!
Shiho: Oh, there's no point in going now. It's become such a hot topic that they sold out of everything right after they opened.
Tsukasa: What?! And neither of you is carrying anything. Does that mean...?
Shizuku: We were too late this time around. So unfortunate, after Shii took the time to find where it is.
Saki: I see... That is unfortunate.
Shizuku: However, it's not all bad. Now I have an excuse to go out with Shii again.
Shiho: Yeah, I'm pretty sure that things will be much calmer the next time we come.
Saki: Um, Tsukasa? I'm really curious about what this shop has to offer now.
Tsukasa: Yes, me too! The next time we visit, we should also check to see what kinds of sweets they have available!
Saki: Yeah♪ That's gonna be so much fun!


2 2393:areatalk_ev_shuffle_50_002

[Main Street]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

Saki: Tsukasa, did you find any good sneakers?
Tsukasa: Yes, I did! They fit so unbelievably well that I forgot I was even wearing any shoes.
Saki: Haha! You're exaggerating.
Saki: Still, it is amazing how you already need a new pair of sneakers.
Tsukasa: It must be because I'm training much harder now. Each pair is being worn down very quickly as a result.
Tsukasa: But my current pair does still have some life left...
Saki: Wait, didn't you say that you managed to bore holes where your big toes go? How much longer do you plan on wearing them?
Tsukasa: Hmm... Until all my toes stick out? Or to the point where they fall apart completely.
Saki: What?! You're gonna make your poor shoes cry and beg for mercy if you do that!


3 2394:areatalk_ev_shuffle_50_003

[Music Shop]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, Shii, look. They have a new healing music CD out.
Shiho: Oh, you mean that CD of rainstorm sounds? Don't you already have a few of these in your room?
Shizuku: Yes, I listen to the one of a babbling brook the most. I have the most wonderful dreams whenever I listen to it while I sleep.
Shiho: Really? Wonderful as in fun?
Shizuku: Yes! The dream I have the most is of me riding a boat as it floats down a river that's covered in flowers. I'm also somehow able to return to where I began and enjoy the trip all over.
Shiho: Wait, what do you mean...? It's a dream, so you're able to teleport yourself?
Shizuku: No, it's not like that. It's more like I'm going around in circles.
Shiho: What if that river isn't a river, but one of those lazy rivers you see at water parks...?
Shizuku: Yes, you may be right! You're so astute, Shii! I promise to see if it is the next time I have that dream.
Shiho: No, that's okay...


4 2395:areatalk_ev_shuffle_50_004

[Main Street]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: Oh, Shizuku, hello. How fun was that trip we went on the other day?!
Shizuku: Yes, I still can't believe we got to go on a trip together with both our sisters. I really had a wonderful time.
Tsukasa: Me too! Unfortunately, I ended up having so much fun that I kept forgetting to take pictures...
Shizuku: Actually, me too... Some of my pictures didn't save properly, and many that did ended up being blurry. Only a few actually turned out well.
Shizuku: But I have a feeling that Shii and Saki took quite a few. They even said that they'd put an album together for us.
Tsukasa: Now that you mention it, I saw Saki poring over the pictures she took that day.
Shizuku: Hehe. Once they finish making it, we'll have one more precious memory to cherish together.
Tsukasa: Yes, I'm very much looking forward to seeing it!


5 2396:areatalk_ev_shuffle_50_005

[School SEKAI - Station]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (Ln): Hey, during your trip... You guys had a booth to yourselves on that train, right?
Saki: Yeah, with two people sitting on each side.
Shiho: It was perfect since there were four of us, and it gave us a bit of privacy.
Saki: Yeah♪ Oh, while we're on the subject, some trains have seats that you can spin around to make your own booths. They even have seats that perform the same function by reclining them!
Rin (Ln): What?! They can spin and recline?
Shiho: Oh, but each seat doesn't spin. They're designed so that you spin a whole bank of seats around 180 degrees to face the other way.
Saki: That's right! And the reclining ones work by, uhh... Wait, are they cushioned on both sides? I forget...
Shiho: Huh? I don't remember either...
Rin (Ln): Cushioned on both sides...? Uhh, I'm not sure what you mean...!
Saki: Wait, I know! One of the trains at the station might have some seats like that! Let's go take a look!
Rin (Ln): Yeah, I really wanna see what you two are talking about!
Shiho: Alright, let's take a quick look.


6 2514:areatalk_monthly2412_003

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

Shiho: Morning. Huh...? This song...
Rin (Ln): Oh! Morning, Shih! Guess what? We were just playing a medley of your band's songs!
MEIKO (Ln): Why don't you listen for a bit, Shiho? You being here will motivate us to play our best.
Shiho: Yeah, sure.
Shiho: Hearing someone else play your songs really is pretty nice...
Rin (Ln): Really? Then, we'll have to keep adding to our medley every time you girls produce a new song!
Shiho: That'd be nice... But it could grow to be a pretty long playlist.


