1 2476:areatalk_ev_shuffle_51_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Hi, Akito! Hi, Rui!
Kohane: Did you two also leave school together?
Akito: No way. We just bumped into each other a second ago.
Rui: Unfortunately, it is as he says. But does this mean you two left school together?
Emu: Yup! But it wasn't just us. Saki and the others were also with us☆
Kohane: We just said goodbye to them as they headed off to the studio, and we were just about to part ways here.
Rui: I see. Then, why don't we give them some privacy as they bid farewell to each other?
Akito: Farewell? They're not saying goodbye forever or anything. Also, why are you making it sound like we're about to head somewhere together...?
Rui: Hehe. It was just a figure of speech.


2 2477:areatalk_ev_shuffle_51_002

[Theme Park]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Hm? Why, hello there, Azusawa.
Kohane: Oh, Kamishiro, hello!
Kohane: Are you here to do some research for your next show?
Rui: No, I'm here on my own time today.
Rui: After all, this is where our troupe began. It was where we became Wonderlands×Showtime.
Rui: So, I thought that a stroll around the park would help remind me of what things were like back then.
Kohane: Right...! It's important to think about your roots.
Rui: Exactly. And speaking with our number one fan is just as much a part of that.
Kohane: Really? I hope I can help, since your shows have given me so much encouragement up to this point.


3 2478:areatalk_ev_shuffle_51_003

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Emu Otori)

Emu: Oh! Hiii, Akito♪ Good wonderhoy!
Akito: You snuck into our school again...? No, there's no point in asking, is there?
Akito: I think Kusanagi has to take care of some library committee business today.
Emu: Yeah, she already told me! That's why I'm gonna go watch her work with Tsukasa and Rui♪
Akito: Huh? Wait, does she know tha—
Emu: Aha! There they are! See you later, Akito!
Akito: L-Later...
Akito: I should head home...


4 2479:areatalk_ev_shuffle_51_004

[Main Street]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: The show we did at that ski resort was so much fun!
Rui: Yes, and it was quite a precious experience. We really need to thank your brothers again for that opportunity, Emu...
Rui: While we're on the subject, we've been able to perform shows in many different places because of them.
Rui: I understand that the resort we performed at is a subsidiary of the Otori Group, but it's a massive conglomerate. It'd be a struggle to find sectors of the economy in which it's absent, no?
Emu: You think so? Let's see... Is there anything that we don't do...?
Emu: Oh, we haven't gone to space or anything yet...! The space shuttle was invented by someone else!
Rui: Hehe. I see.
Rui: But the day may come when your family's group begins developing its own rockets. After all, other companies around the world already have.


5 2480:areatalk_ev_shuffle_51_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Megurine Luka)

Luka (VBS): Kohane, are you free right now? I need help with something pretty serious...
Kohane: Huh?! Yes, I'm free. I'll be more than happy to help.
Luka (VBS): Thank you...! So...
Luka (VBS): Right now, I'm trying to figure out which of these paths is the shortest way to MEIKO's cafe!
Kohane: Wait, huh...?
Luka (VBS): I'm absolutely certain that it's the one on the right, but KAITO keeps saying it's the left path!
Kohane: (She said it was serious... There must be a reason as to why.)
Kohane: If possible, Luka, would you mind telling me why you think it's the one on the right?
Luka (VBS): You want to hear my reasoning?! Thank you so much, Kohane!
Luka (VBS): (Hehe. KAITO wasn't able to get Akito to side with him, so this means I have a numbers advantage now, yes?)


