1 2191:areatalk_ev_shuffle_44_001

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, KAITO)

KAITO (Ln): Honami, has Shibao been getting enough exercise lately...?
Honami: Yes. He loves to play, so he'll run around endlessly as long you maintain his interest.
Honami: That's why we have to do our part as his family...
KAITO (Ln): Do your part...? Does that mean exercising with him?
Honami: Not quite... We have to keep ourselves from giving him any treats...
Honami: It's so hard to resist the urge whenever he uses his puppy-dog eyes on us...!
KAITO (Ln): Yes, that is very important... It also sounds incredibly difficult...


2 2192:areatalk_ev_shuffle_44_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato, Akito Shinonome, Rui Kamishiro)

Akito: Ishihara sent me a message saying how he finally got to participate in a competition himself.
Rui: Really? That's wonderful to hear.
Honami: So, how did they do? What were the results...?
Akito: They finished in second by two points.
Minori: Just two points?! That's so close...! I feel like I'd have nightmares about that...
Akito: Yeah, he basically said the same thing.
Rui: But I have to think it also gave him a big boost of confidence. He must've been worried about how he'd do after recovering from his injury.
Akito: True.
Akito: (You guys gotta win next time, Ishihara, Max...)


3 2193:areatalk_ev_shuffle_44_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: (That apple pie shop's got another huge line in front of it...)
Akito: Huh? Mochizuki?
Honami: Eep...! Oh, Sh-Shinonome! Hello...
Akito: Those bags you're carrying... Did you manage to get some apple pies?
Honami: Y-Yes... I, uhh... I got them as gifts for my friends and family!
Akito: Really...? It looks like you got a lot. Are they that good?
Honami: Yes, they are! The crust is really crispy, and the apples inside are nice and gooey. Also, they're not too sweet, so it's hard to stop at just one.
Honami: O-Oh, I know! I bought a few too many, so please take one!
Akito: Huh? No, I...
Honami: Now, if you'll excuse me! I really need to get going!
Akito: Hey, wait...! What was that about...?
Akito: But I can't let this go to waste.
Akito: ...! This is delicious!


4 2194:areatalk_ev_shuffle_44_004

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Akito Shinonome)

Minori: Hmm...
Akito: Hanasato? Are you looking for something? You have this really serious look on your face...
Minori: Oh, Shinonome! They're having a sale on clothes for dogs! I was looking for something Samo could wear, but...
Akito: But he's a pretty big dog, with lots of fluff too... Are you having trouble finding something in his size?
Minori: They have some medium and large stuff for “large breeds”...
Akito: Oh, so large breeds get their own small or medium that's different from the standard?
Minori: Yeah. But I'm still having trouble finding something that he'd look good in. I wanna let him experience fashion, though...
Akito: I'm no expert, but why not get some sort of accessory instead? Here, something to put on his leash or collar...
Akito: Even these scarves. He might not be able to wear any of them, but you could tie them in a bow on his collar or something.
Minori: Oh, you're right! That'd also be less of a hassle for Samo!
Minori: Thanks, Shinonome! I'll try looking for a nice combination of these accessories!
Akito: Alright, have fun.


5 2195:areatalk_ev_shuffle_44_005

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: By the way, Shinonome, who else besides Mochizuki and Hanasato knows about your fear of dogs?
Akito: Huh? Why are you asking all of a sudden...?
Rui: I thought I should ask since I'd rather not tell anyone who doesn't know by accident.
Akito: Toya knows... Akiyama too...via my blabbermouth of a big sister.
Rui: Oh, that's less than I expected. In that case, I'll be careful around anyone other than the people you just listed.
Akito: Wait, why are you being so careful about this...?
Rui: Why? Because it's a delicate subject. I wouldn't want you to have to relive the trauma you experienced.
Akito: In that case, thank you...


