1 1575:areatalk_ev_shuffle_26_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Shizuku: Hello, Asahina! Were you about to have lunch?
Mafuyu: Yes, I was about to head back to the classroom to eat.
Shizuku: Oh, does that mean you have plans to eat with your classmates?
Mafuyu: Huh? No, I didn't plan to.
Shizuku: Really?! Then, would you like to have lunch with me...?
Mafuyu: Hehe. Yes, of course. Especially since we're in different classes and don't have many opportunities to eat together.
Mafuyu: Oh, I'll need to return to class first to get my lunch.
Shizuku: Yes, that's not a problem! In the meantime, I'll look for a place where we can sit since it's so nice outside today.
Mafuyu: Okay. Thank you, Hinomori.


2 1576:areatalk_ev_shuffle_26_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: Interesting. Hinomori, I didn't know that you liked reading. Hehe. It suits you so well.
Shizuku: Oh? I think books also suit you very well, Asahina. I remember thinking that the other day when I saw you reading.
Shizuku: By the way, what were you reading?
Mafuyu: The other day...? Oh, that was a novel by an award-winning author. A part of my test-taking strategy involves staying current with any books that people are talking about.
Shizuku: Wow, so that's also a part of your studying process...
Shizuku: Actually, would you mind telling me more about that book? I'd like to read it if I haven't already.
Mafuyu: Yes, of course. Hmm... What was the title...?


3 1577:areatalk_ev_shuffle_26_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Hehe. It's always so nice to run into you while you're out shopping, Shii♪
Shiho: Really...? I mean, we just had breakfast together not too long ago.
Airi: That part of you never changes, huh, Shizuku? Anyway, Shiho, what were you up to?
Shiho: I just went to the instrument shop to buy some sheet music.
Airi: That's cool! We just stopped by a trinket shop that was having its grand reopening.
Airi: Check out these super cute cat plushies! I was only planning on grabbing some daily necessities, but I couldn't not get them.
Shiho: ...! Th-They really are cute...
Airi: See what I mean? It's like they're staring right back at you with their big, beady eyes...!
Shiho: Yes, and they're so fluffy. I really like this material...
Airi: I know, right?! Also...
Shizuku: You two are having too much fun without me. Please let me join your conversation.


4 1578:areatalk_ev_shuffle_26_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, KAITO)

Shizuku: For this part, you should be able to keep it from coming loose by sticking the needle in from the other side, like this.
KAITO: Yes, I see! I finally understand how that works now.
KAITO: Thank you, Shizuku. This technique should allow me to make further alterations to our costumes.
Shizuku: You're welcome. The accessories and decorations you showed me looked very nice, so I'll be looking forward to seeing them once they're finished.
Shizuku: Not only that, KAITO, it's wonderful to see that you're making such a full-on effort to learn how to sew.
KAITO: Haha... I was the one who originally suggested that we do these alterations, so I sort of felt compelled to...
KAITO: Miku and the others are also doing their best to make alterations to their costumes.
KAITO: Seeing them do that motivated me to also do what I can.
Shizuku: Hehe. In that case, I'll lend a hand by bringing over some sewing equipment and an assortment of fabrics.
KAITO: You will? Thank you! That'd be great!


5 1579:areatalk_ev_shuffle_26_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Miku (MMJ): Hmm... Which scarf should I wear...?
KAITO: Hm? Miku? What are you up to?
Miku (MMJ): I was trying to choose a scarf to wear, but there are just so many...
KAITO: Wow! Yes, there are... Everything from patterned designs to very simple ones...
KAITO: Can you remind me which costume you'll be wearing?
Miku (MMJ): This one. We made some alterations to it together the other day, but it ended up feeling slightly bare around the neck...
KAITO: I see... The upper half is a fairly simple design, so why not go with a more intricate scarf?
KAITO: Also... You'll be wearing this for a fairly involved dance routine, yes? It might be good to choose a scarf that's just long enough to tie, so it doesn't get in the way.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, you're right! Thanks, KAITO! I should be able to whittle my selection down quite a bit now!
KAITO: Hehe. You're welcome! Please let me know if you still have trouble deciding.


