1 1555:areatalk_ev_night_11_001

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

Kanade: *Sigh* My body's felt so heavy these past few days...
Ena: Didn't you say that you stayed up all night to finish that song? Isn't that probably why?
Kanade: I thought so too at first since I seemed to get enough sleep, but I don't feel entirely refreshed...
Ena: Oh, what if you went for a walk? Breaking a sweat might actually make you feel better.
Kanade: You might be right... Would mind joining me again, Ena?
Ena: Of course. Oh, why don't we also invite Mafuyu and Mizuki?
Kanade: Okay. Hehe. The four of us going on a walk together might be fun...


2 1556:areatalk_ev_night_11_002

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Mafuyu: Ena, here...
Ena: Huh? No way...! Aren't these macarons from the specialty shop by the station?!
Ena: I heard that they're so popular that they're always sold out... How did you get them?
Mafuyu: I got them from my mom. She told me to give them to you as thanks for letting me stay at your house.
Ena: She didn't have to...
Ena: But I'm not saying no to these. My mom said that she's been wanting to try them too...
Mafuyu: Okay. Also, please give your brother my regards.
Ena: Huh? What does he have to do with this?
Mafuyu: Are you not going to share with him?
Ena: Hey, listen. I wasn't planning on hogging them to myself, you know. Relax, I promise to share them with everyone.


3 1557:areatalk_ev_night_11_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Man, the special exhibit for MiraMagi was way too awesome!
Mizuki: Thanks for going to see it with me, Ena! I got the freebie I was after because you did!
Ena: You're welcome, but I still can't believe you paid for my ticket just for that...
Mizuki: Didn't I say that there were only four kinds in total?! And in limited numbers?! And you got them at random!
Mizuki: I was already planning on going more than once, but I'm glad that I got what I wanted right away♪
Ena: Alright, I get it. At the same time, it was pretty lucky of you to immediately get the one you wanted.
Mizuki: Wait, are you suggesting that my luck's usually crummy?
Ena: I mean, you never get through the draw for those anime song concerts, right? Doesn't that sort of speak volumes?
Mizuki: That's not true! It's just so competitive that my chances are super low to begin with for those concerts!
Mizuki: Heehee. I'm hoping that I'll get to go see this other concert soon, so I'll show you just how lucky I am by getting my hands on a ticket for it!
Ena: Okay, okay. Good luck with that.


4 1558:areatalk_ev_night_11_004

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Kanade: Thank you all for agreeing to meet on such short notice.
Mafuyu: That's okay... But why did you bring a pillow, Kanade?
Mizuki: Yeah, I was gonna ask the same question...
Kanade: Oh, I won this from a raffle at the shopping mall... However, I'm happy with the one I have right now, so I was hoping to give it to someone who actually wants it.
Ena: Why not just keep it...? Or do you have trouble falling asleep with a different pillow?
Kanade: No, I don't. But, I don't have anywhere to put it...
Mizuki: Ah, so that's it...
Mafuyu: That's understandable, but can't you just leave it on your bed? After all, it is a pillow.
Ena: She's right, Kanade. You won it, so why not try using it?
Mizuki: Yeah. What if it turns out to be so comfy that it helps you really rest and recover♪
Kanade: Okay. Then, I'll try using it tonight...


5 1559:areatalk_ev_night_11_005

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Kagamine Len)

Len: E-Ena...? Um... I'm done coloring...
Ena: Alright, let's have a look... Hey, nice work. You did a particularly good job of coloring in the flowers.
Len: I did? Thank goodness...
Ena: How are you doing, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Here...
Len: Wow, it's just black and gray flowers! That's so cool...! You did this all with just a black pencil?
Mafuyu: Yes. I did as Ena told me to do.
Ena: I knew that you were talented, but to actually see you draw so well in front of me makes my blood boil...
Len: So, um... Ena, can I see your flowers...?
Ena: Here. I went with colored pencils to make them as vibrant as I could.
Len: Wow, that's amazing...! And dazzling. It's like a real bouquet.
Ena: Hehe. It's pretty interesting to see how the same picture can be colored in so many different ways, right?
Len: Yeah. I'm glad I got a chance to do this after asking Miku and Rin about it... Also, Mafuyu, thanks for joining me.
Ena: Hehe. You're welcome.


