1 1570:areatalk_ev_street_11_001

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: Toya, thanks for lending me your English textbook.
Akito: Still, it was surprisingly clean. I thought you'd have written notes all over it.
Toya: Well, I underline all the important parts, but I write everything else that I need in my notebook.
Akito: Oh yeah, you show me sometimes when you're helping me study. Your notes are so detailed.
Akito: Even like that, they're easier to read than my own. I'm amazed every time.
Toya: In that case... What if you tried leaving in more empty spaces? That may make it easier on your eyes.
Toya: With English for example, you could leave a line open between the English text and its Japanese translation, and two lines for new sentences.
Akito: More space, huh...? I've never thought about that, but it seems easy enough to try.
Toya: Yes, I also recommend it because it'll be easier to review any material that you need to.
Akito: Right. I guess I should buckle down a little more since I'm sort of sick of worrying about failing tests every time.


2 1571:areatalk_ev_street_11_002

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

An: Hey, Akito! Check out our phones! Notice anything new about them?
Akito: Hm...? Oh, you got matching keychains in different colors.
Kohane: Yeah, we bought them together the other day.
An: Nice, right? Do you and Toya have any stuff like this?
Akito: No, we don't... But why do you look so proud of yourself?
Kohane: Haha...
Kohane: Actually, it might be cool for us to all have matching items! Ichika even said that everyone in her band has matching keychains.
Akito: I really don't think we need anything like that...
Kohane: Oh... Hehe.
Akito: What's with you two? Why are you grinning?
An: Oh, nothing. Your face just had “we're a team with or without stuff like that” written all over it, and it made us happy. Right?
Kohane: Yeah!
Akito: Ugh... Believe what you want. I don't care...


3 1572:areatalk_ev_street_11_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Akito, look... That diner's having another sweets festival.
Akito: Hm? Oh, that place is usually the first to do this kind of thing whenever the seasons change.
An: Oh, interesting. You really know your stuff, Mr. Sweet Tooth!
Akito: I don't actively search for this information, if that's what you mean. Ena's always talking about all this stuff at the dinner table.
Kohane: Oh, right. She likes sweets too, right?
Toya: Actually, if you include Mita and Tono... You've got a lot of people around you who enjoy sweets, Akito.
An: Birds of a feather flock together, I guess?
Akito: That's all just a coincidence. I mean, it seems natural for family members to have similar tastes since they all eat together.
Toya: Now that you mention it... My dad and I both like the cookies my mom bakes.
An: Hmm... I think my family's all over the place when it comes to likes and dislikes...
Kohane: I actually don't really know when it comes to my family. I might ask my mom and dad later.
Akito: Anyway, that's enough chit-chat. Tono and the others are probably waiting to start practice, so let's head over.
Kohane, An & Toya: Yeah! Okay.


4 1573:areatalk_ev_street_11_004

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Boo!!!
Akito: Whoa! Oh, Luka, it's you...
Luka: Haha. Operation Scary Surprise Redux succeeded♪
Akito: Redux...? Oh, right. You tried to scare me that other time.
Luka: Yes, I did. And I've been kicking myself for failing that time.
Luka: Next, I need to try this on Toya! So, bye bye!
Akito: Huh...? Hey, wait!
Akito: That's seriously all she came here to do...?


5 1574:areatalk_ev_street_11_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Megurine Luka)

Toya: Luka. I brought over some orchestral CDs like you requested.
Luka: Oh! Thank you very much, Toya♪
Luka: I've been kind of curious about classical music since it's not something I normally listen to.
Toya: I brought several CDs to compare and contrast since each orchestra has its own style and will perform the same piece differently.
Luka: Wow, you really did! I'm even more excited about this now!
Luka: Hmm... Still...
Toya: ...? Is something the matter?
Luka: (Len and the others said that Toya's expression darkens whenever he discusses classical music, but it seems there's no need to worry about that anymore.)
Luka: It's nothing. I'm just looking forward to telling you all about what I felt when listening to these.
Toya: Yes, please let me know what you think.


