1 2629:areatalk_ev_night_21_001

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: Seriously, you made us rush to meet you for a picnic?
Mizuki: What can I say, I just happened to come across this shop selling tons of snacks for super cheap while on my way to work!
Kanade: Which is how you ended up with this massive pile. And they all have half-price stickers on them...
Mafuyu: They're all close to expiring...
Kanade: Huh? Oh, you're right... That explains why they're half off.
Ena: Lemme get this straight. You got all these because they were really cheap, and now you need our help eating them because they're expiring soon?
Mizuki: No way! I bought all these so that we could have a picnic together! Honest!
Mizuki: Anyway, we're gonna go for a walk by the lake once Miku and the others get here! Then, once we find a good place to sit, it'll be snack time♪
Kanade: Still, you bought so many... This might end up being my lunch.
Mafuyu: Same.


2 2630:areatalk_ev_night_21_002

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Kagamine Len)

Len (N25): Oh... Mafuyu...
Mafuyu: Yes...?
Len (N25): Umm...
Len (N25): (She doesn't seem to be in too much pain right now...)
Mafuyu: Len...?
Len (N25): Umm... Can I sit here with you for a while...?
Mafuyu: Sure... But I don't really have any interesting stories to offer you...
Len (N25): That's okay. I just want to sit here with you...
Mafuyu: Okay...


3 2631:areatalk_ev_night_21_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Hi, Kanade! Are you on your way back from the hospital?
Kanade: Yes. Are you on your way to school, Ena? It seems a little early...
Ena: I wanted to check out an accessory shop before I headed over. The one right over there. Apparently, it's where Mizuki bought the kits for making those bracelets.
Ena: Hearing Mizuki talk about the kits made me sort of interested myself, so I decided to go browse around.
Kanade: I see... Oh, they have quite a lot on display out front. Bracelets, necklaces and... Huh? They even have kits for making for your own rings?
Ena: Wanna check it out, Kanade? It'll be really fun!
Kanade: Yes, since we're here, I think I'll join you for a bit.


4 2632:areatalk_ev_night_21_004

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, about that bracelet I gave you. I said that you can use it like a lucky charm, but would you get in trouble if you took it to school with you?
Mafuyu: They hardly ever check our bags, so I shouldn't get in trouble if I just keep it in mine.
Mizuki: Oh, that's pretty nice. I guess Miya Girls doesn't really have discipline problems. Kamiyama High, on the other hand, runs random checks all the time.
Mizuki: And they always run them at the worst times. Like right after a big video game title launches!
Mizuki: I heard that a lot of people have had their devices confiscated.
Mafuyu: What happens to the things they confiscate?
Mizuki: You get them back if you write a letter of apology. They usually have to be like five pages or something...
Mafuyu: That's pretty long. It also seems hard on both the writer and the reader...
Mizuki: I know, right? You basically have to write a full essay. I'm really careful about what I bring with me, because I never ever want to write one.


5 2633:areatalk_ev_night_21_005

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Mafuyu: ...
Miku (N25): Oh, Mafuyu, welcome. Where's Kanade?
Mafuyu: She's taking a bath... I was going to do my homework while I waited for her, but...
Miku (N25): You're always welcome here... After all, this is your SEKAI.
Mafuyu: Miku...
Miku (N25): Hm?
Mafuyu: I'm glad this SEKAI exists...
Miku (N25): Me too...


6 2653:areatalk_monthly2505_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Mafuyu Asahina)

Ichika: (We have an English quiz next week. And anyone that doesn't get at least half the answers right has to stay behind... Am I going to be okay?)
Mafuyu: Hoshino? Is everything okay? You look upset.
Ichika: Asahina... The thing is, we have an English quiz soon, and I'm worried about the listening section.
Ichika: If you don't mind me asking, Asahina, how do you study for them?
Mafuyu: Well, I usually practice listening comprehension by watching foreign films and such. Turning on subtitles can also help you with your grammar and vocabulary.
Mafuyu: Would you like it if I gave you a few recommendations?
Ichika: You'd do that...?! Thank you very much!


