1 2151:areatalk_ev_band_16_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: Good job on the lunch broadcast, Ichika. You spoke very clearly.
Ichika: Thanks, Honami. That means a lot coming from you.
Ichika: What about the songs I chose? I had no way of seeing everyone's reactions from within the booth...
Honami: Everyone seemed to really enjoy them. Some were even saying how they didn't know there were such cool Miku songs out there.
Ichika: Really...?!
Ichika: There's so many more I want to play. I might try changing things up a bit by choosing stuff that's more pop next time.
Honami: (Hehe. I'm so glad that Ichika's enjoying herself too.)


2 2152:areatalk_ev_band_16_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hona, you gotta hear this! Every teacher called on me during my morning classes!
Honami: Wait, all of them? That's incredible. What are the odds...?
Shiho: To be fair, there's sort of a scheduled rotation for math, and it was about time you got called on today...
Saki: But what about English, Modern Japanese and Classical Japanese?! Explain that...!
Honami: Hmm... The stars must've aligned for those... But you do pay very close attention during class, Saki, so maybe they're calling on you because they like to see that.
Shiho: She's right. I mean, you give the right answer most of the time.
Shiho: Plus, because of the way your voice carries, it doubles as an alarm for anyone nodding off.
Saki: What?! I'm being used as an alarm clock?!
Shiho: Dunno, but I think that was the case during Classical Japanese today.
Saki: Seriously?! How can a teacher use their student like that...?!


3 2153:areatalk_ev_band_16_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: This is supposed to be our day off, but we can't seem to get away from each other.
Saki: Our schedules do tend to line up♪ Also, it's weird not being around you guys at this point since we've basically been doing everything together lately.
Ichika: Yeah, when I'm walking home by myself or studying alone in my room, sometimes it gets so eerily quiet that I start feeling really lonely.
Honami: Yes, I know what you mean...
Shiho: Really? I prefer peace and quiet.
Honami: But Shiho is actually the one who found the place we're having lunch at and made the reservation for today.
Ichika & Saki: What?
Shiho: Honami, no... Why'd you have to say that?
Ichika: Shiho...
Saki: You did this for us...?!
Shiho: Look, the light's green. Let's get going...
Honami: Huh? Shiho, wait for us.


4 2154:areatalk_ev_band_16_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, KAITO)

Honami: Huh? KAITO, what are you doing he—
KAITO (Ln): Shh... I'm hiding from Rin and Len.
Honami: Are you playing hide and seek?
KAITO (Ln): Um, not quite...
KAITO (Ln): They were having an argument, and then they came over to ask me who's at fault...
KAITO (Ln): I chose to run after not being able to decide, but they started chasing me... Not only that, despite their big argument, they worked together to pincer me...
Honami: Hehe. It's so like them to work in perfect tandem during these sorts of situations.


5 2155:areatalk_ev_band_16_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, KAITO)

Saki: Hi, KAITO!
KAITO (Ln): *Gasp* You scared me, Saki...
Saki: Oh, sorry. Were you trying to get yourself focused before practice?
KAITO (Ln): No, I was just playing whatever I felt...
KAITO (Ln): (I was startled by how loud her voice was, but I guess that means she's having another good day...)
Saki: Can you tell me what you were playing just now, KAITO? We should have a quick session!
KAITO (Ln): Sure... I should have the sheet music, so give me a minute to look.


6 2170:areatalk_monthly2402_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

MEIKO (Ln): Who's playing the xylophone...? Rin? You certainly seem to be enjoying yourself!
Rin (Ln): Hi, MEIKO! Well, you found me!
MEIKO (Ln): Hehe. Looks like I did. So, why were you playing the xylophone just now?
Rin (Ln): Sakki showed me this video the other day of a band that had someone playing the xylophone! I couldn't resist the urge to play this one☆
Rin (Ln): Oh, MEIKO, wanna play with me? It's really fun since we don't usually play this kind of instrument!
MEIKO (Ln): Yes, in that case, I'll join you...! I was also feeling the urge to play after seeing you having so much fun!
Rin (Ln): That's the spirit! Alright, let's play!


