1 1465:areatalk_ev_shuffle_21_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: Guh... I knew it'd be bright out during the day... But I need to go to the hospital to visit Dad...
Minori: Huh? Kanade...? Hi, Kanade!
Kanade: Oh, Hanasato... Were you about to go somewhere?
Minori: Yeah, I'm gonna do some singing practice at a karaoke place!
Minori: Are you off to visit your dad at the hospital? I'm not in a hurry, so I'll be happy to help out again!
Kanade: Thank you. But I should be okay this time since I'm not taking very much today.
Minori: Okay! Oh, but you should make sure to hydrate when you can since it's supposed to get really hot today.
Minori: Drink a little bit at a time before you start feeling thirsty. And don't forget to ask someone for help if you think you're not feeling well, okay? I'm sure they'll be more than happy to assist!
Kanade: Alright, I will. Thank you very much. I'll see you later.
Kanade: (Hanasato has such a bright aura about her...)


2 1466:areatalk_ev_shuffle_21_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Kanade Yoisaki)

Ichika: Oh...
Kanade: Oh...
Ichika: Hello, Kanade. Um... Are you going somewhere today?
Kanade: Yes, I received a notice saying that the CD I ordered is available at the shop...
Ichika: I see...
Ichika & Kanade: ...
Ichika & Kanade: So...! So...
Kanade: I'm sorry, Hoshino. Please, you first.
Ichika: O-Okay. So... Would it be alright if I tagged along?
Kanade: Yes, of course. The CD I ordered is actually an album by this artist who produced a lot of Miku and Luka songs. Incidentally, I was just about to ask to see if you'd be interested in joining me.
Ichika: You were?! Thank you very much. I'd love to join you!
Kanade: Okay. Then, shall we?
Ichika & Kanade: (I feel much more comfortable talking to her now compared to before...)


3 1467:areatalk_ev_shuffle_21_003

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Ena Shinonome)

Minori: Wow, Ena, I didn't realize that you knew so many idol songs!
Ena: I don't actually know that much. Most of my knowledge comes from the groups and stuff Airi recommended to me.
Minori: Haha. Yeah, Airi really loves idols! We recommend music to each other if we ever find anything we like.
Ena: Interesting. I didn't realize you also like doing research.
Minori: Hehe. I do like researching this stuff, but that's only because I also love idols a lot!
Minori: And I wanna learn as much as I can in order to be able to proudly say that I love what I love!
Ena: Proudly say that you love what you love, huh? Hehe. That sounds pretty cool.
Minori: I-It does? I feel like Airi would scold me by saying, “You've still got a long way to go!”
Ena: Hehe. I don't think so. If anything, she'd probably praise you and say, “That's what I like to hear!”


4 1468:areatalk_ev_shuffle_21_004

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: A band with your childhood friends... That sounds nice. It's like you guys are really enjoying your adolescence.
Ichika: Hehe. The one who said that we should do it even said something along those lines.
Ena: I see. I go to night school and don't participate in club activities, so I haven't had a chance to do anything like that...
Ena: Hanging out at a diner after practice, chatting while having food together, talking about what you're all gonna do during the weekend and stuff... I kinda envy you...
Ichika: But you gather with your group at a diner each time after uploading a song, right, Ena? At least, that's what Asahina said.
Ena: Yeah, those are fun... But it doesn't feel like “adolescence”, you know?
Ena: (Especially since a certain someone always has this deadpan expression and doesn't say much even when you try to talk to her.)
Ichika: Also, your afterparties seem much more organized since Kanade said that you usually discuss what you'll be doing for the next song...
Ichika: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to sound like I know everything about your group.
Ena: Huh? No, don't worry. It's totally okay!
Ena: (I want to tell her more... But I don't know how to tell her... I mean, the atmosphere at those things...)


5 1469:areatalk_ev_shuffle_21_005

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Megurine Luka)

Ena: Hey, Kanade, Luka! Check out this pic!
Kanade: Oh... It's a photo of that PenPyon you were trying to win from the claw machine.
Luka: But you couldn't win it yourself in the end, right?
Ena: Yeah. Luckily, my brother's friend avenged me by winning it.
Kanade: I see. I'm glad for you, Ena.
Luka: I also managed to catch a few glimpses from your phone, but you seemed very frustrated.
Ena: Like I said a bunch of times already, there was totally something wrong with that claw! It felt so weak that it had to be rigged against us!
Ena: (But his partner seemed to actually enjoy that for some reason...)
Luka: Are you going to thank this person somehow for winning it for you?
Ena: Yeah. He seems to really like cookies, so I'm gonna get him some good ones as a gift.
Ena: (Hehe. And I'm gonna take a ton of selfies with PenPyon once I get home.)


