1 2323:areatalk_ev_idol_18_001

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Hmm... Which one should I choose...?
Haruka: Is something the matter, Minori?
Minori: So, I found this frilly one-piece that's really cute, but can't decide which color to get it in...
Minori: Which should I choose? Light orange or black?
Airi: Oh, it's got a fluffy-looking silhouette to it! Also, this black is nice. It's not too dark or cool-toned.
Haruka: I agree. The light orange one would probably look good on you since it seems like it's a part of your regular wardrobe...
Haruka: But this silhouette also makes me think that you'd look beautiful in black.
Shizuku: She's right. Wearing this in black should allow you to give off slightly different impression to others, Minori.
Minori: Really? So, I should go for the black one?
Airi: Yeah. That seems like the right choice since it probably will look really good on you!
Minori: Then, black it is! Thanks for the help, you guys!


2 2324:areatalk_ev_idol_18_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Airi: There! No more bedhead!
Minori: Wow! Thank you so much, Airi! You're a lifesaver!
Minori: *Sigh* I didn't realize the back of my head was such a mess. I thought I fixed it all before heading out...
Airi: Lemme guess. You stayed up late watching that rerun of iHaz.
Minori: What?! How did you know?! W-Wait, unless you've become telepathic...
Airi: No, I haven't. I just had a good feeling about why this happened is all.
Minori: Wh-Whoa... You're like a detective!
Airi: (Actually, I ended up oversleeping for the same reason and had to fix my hair at school. But she doesn't need to know that...)


3 2325:areatalk_ev_idol_18_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, I had the strangest dream last night, Haruka. You were my private tutor, and came over to my house to help me with my homework...
Haruka: P-Private tutor?
Shizuku: Yes. I think it's because Minori and Airi started calling you Ms. Haruka during practice yesterday.
Haruka: I see... But I'm still having trouble seeing myself as a private tutor. I wonder how I'd do...
Shizuku: I think you'd do wonderful as one, Haruka. Not only are you very precise with your instructions for strength training, but you're also incredible at giving directions.
Shizuku: I even kept calling you Ms. Haruka in my dream.
Haruka: Really? But it would be great to have you as a student, Shizuku, since you'd always listen attentively during class.


4 2326:areatalk_ev_idol_18_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Miku (MMJ): Snip, snippety, snip, snip. Okay, what was I doing an impression of just now?
Airi: Well, you were making peace signs with your fingers while saying “snip, snip”, so that's obvious! Scissors!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, Airi, you're so close! But no!
Luka (MMJ): Wait, those weren't scissors? Then, were you pretending to be a...crab?
Miku (MMJ): No, also wrong! The correct answer is... A hairdresser♪
Airi: Hey, they use more than just scissors! You could've also pretended to use a comb or hair dryer!
Luka (MMJ): I agree. You could've made it look like you were asking, “How much would you like me to cut?” or saying, “I'll start by trimming these split ends.” Oh, there's also the part where you show your customer the back of their head using mirrors♪
Miku (MMJ): You sound like a pro, Luka...!
Airi: Y-Yeah, that felt way too real...
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. Minori's been showing me quite a few videos on hair styling recently. Maybe I should've been the one acting things out.


5 2327:areatalk_ev_idol_18_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (MMJ): Airi, I need to ask you for a small favor! Can you help me bake some sweets?!
Airi: Bake some sweets?
Rin (MMJ): Yeah. I want to thank Miku and the others for always helping me with practice and stuff!
Airi: Oh, okay! In that case, we can use my kitchen a little later.
Airi: Until then, come up with a list of things that you'd like to make for them! I'll take your ideas and bake them for you. How does that sound?
Rin (MMJ): Great! Thanks, Airi!
Airi: Yeah, no problem. But I'm just going to be your assistant... You're the head pastry chef, so how your snacks taste will be entirely up to you, Rin!


6 2349:areatalk_monthly2408_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato)

Minori: When are they gonna play you guys' music video?!
Shiho: They've posted it online already, so you don't have to wait to watch it here.
Minori: Yeah, but it's still amazing how your music video is being played on all these digital billboards! I have to watch them here while I can!
Minori: Oh, I need to remember to take some pictures! I promised Shizuku that I would!
Shiho: Okay...?
Shiho: (They're really this excited about us? But they're the ones who are on TV all the time now.)


7 2352:areatalk_monthly2408_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: Um, Airi? Do you know any good ways to relax when you're feeling really nervous?
Airi: Yeah, I know a bunch of good tricks. I've been in show business for a pretty long time now.
Kohane: ...! Then, would it be possible for you to show me? For example, what works best when you're about to go on stage...?
Kohane: I've more or less gotten used to performing on stage, but I want to stay prepared and be able to give the audience the best performance I can.
Airi: That's such a good outlook! What you just said is really important.
Airi: So, Kohane, for having such an awesome work ethic, I'll show you one of the best tricks I know!
Kohane: You will?! Thank you so much!


8 2363:areatalk_monthly2409_001

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: I never dreamed I'd get to go shopping with you, Shizuku! I'm gonna tell all my classmates about this.
Kohane: I've also been really looking forward to today.
Shizuku: Me too, since I don't get to talk to you two very much.
Kohane: We don't actually get to see each other much, because we're in different years.
An: It's been a while since we last met, so let's chat, have fun and check out as many shops as we can!
Shizuku: Agreed! So, Kohane, let's start with the general store that you said you were hoping to visit. It's that way, yes?
Kohane: Oh, actually! That's the long way. Why don't we take this street instead?
Shizuku: Oh, I had no idea. Thank you pointing that out.
An: (I totally forgot! Shizuku has a habit of getting lost...)
An: We need to keep our eyes open to make sure we have fun shopping today!
Kohane: Right!


9 2364:areatalk_monthly2409_002

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Len)

Len (MMJ): You're so flexible, Shizuku.
Len (MMJ): I've actually been meaning to increase my flexibility. Do you know any good stretches I can do?
Shizuku: Well... I can't think of any specific examples off the top of my head...
Shizuku: But the best time to stretch is after you've taken a bath. The goal is to take your time stretching while trying to stay as warm as possible.
Len (MMJ): Hmm... Yeah, it makes sense to stretch when your body's at its most relaxed.
Shizuku: Exactly. Also, I can show you a few videos that I recommend. Let's see...
Shizuku: Huh...? I can't seem to find my playlists. Where could they have gone...?
Len (MMJ): (I guess she and her phone still don't get along...)
Shizuku: I'm sorry, Len. I'll try asking Airi a little later about this.
Shizuku: Oh, I know some other stretching videos besides the ones from my playlist. I also really recommend them, so I promise to send those as well.
Len (MMJ): Okay, thanks. I'm looking forward to watching them.


10 2388:areatalk_monthly2410_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Emu Otori)

Minori: Emu! Emu! Emuuu!
Emu: Hi, Minori! What's up?
Minori: Guess what? We're doing this stream next week where Haruka and I are gonna play a game of basketball one-on-one. Not only that, if I win, I get a special prize!
Minori: So, would it be possible for you to coach me as I secretly train, in order to defeat her?!
Emu: Oh, secret training! That sounds like fun♪
Emu: Alright, let's start practicing to make sure that you win against her!
Minori: Thank you so much, Ms. Emu!!


11 2389:areatalk_monthly2410_003

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kagamine Rin)

Minori: One, two! Jump!
Rin (MMJ): Whoa! You just set a new personal best for vertical jumps!
Minori: Hehe. I think the new training exercises Haruka recommended to me recently are working!
Rin (MMJ): She really knows her stuff♪
Rin (MMJ): Actually, I also had her give me some tips and tricks. Check it out! Whee...!
Minori: Whoa! Rin, you also just set a new personal best! High five♪


