1 868:areatalk_ev_wonder_02_001

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: MEIKO)

MEIKO: Plushies that move by themselves and flying attractions! This SEKAI is already so much fun!
MEIKO: Now then, where should I start?


2 869:areatalk_ev_wonder_02_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Practice went well! And you were all amazing, as usual!
MEIKO: Like how you used that gigantic electric fan to create a wind effect, or how you changed costumes so quickly!
Tsukasa: Oh, that. It may look easy to the audience, but it's actually quite tough to pull off as a performer.
MEIKO: No matter how hard it was, you still did it perfectly. That's what's amazing about you, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Heh, as the troupe leader and star of Wonderlands×Showtime, I'll do whatever the director wants me to do with all my heart and soul!
MEIKO: You show 'em, you strong and reliable troupe leader, you♪
Tsukasa: Hahaha! You have described me to a T!


3 870:areatalk_ev_wonder_02_006

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, MEIKO)

Emu: MEIKO. Hey, MEIKO. You weren't in this SEKAI from the start, but came in from somewhere else, right?
MEIKO: That's right. I came because I wanted to join everyone!
Emu: Everyone?
MEIKO: Yes. Miku, KAITO, and all of you as well.
MEIKO: I wanted to join all of you and create shows together that will bring a smile to everyone's face.
MEIKO: It's not every day you get to do something as wonderful as making a lot of people smile at once, right?
Emu: Yup yup, I completely agree! So let's make some fun and enjoyable shows together, MEIKO!
MEIKO: Of course! I'm counting on you, Emu!


4 871:areatalk_ev_wonder_02_008

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Oh my, is this Robo-Nene?
Nene: Yes. Previously, I had to control and voice her myself, but Rui gave her an upgrade, so she can move and talk by herself now.
MEIKO: And you both perform on stage together, right?
Nene: Yes. Robo-Nene, this is MEIKO.
Robo-Nene: Hello MEIKO. Nice to meet you.
MEIKO: Oh, the pleasure's all mine! Hehe. I can't wait to be in a show together with you, too, Robo-Nene.


5 872:areatalk_ev_wonder_02_010

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Rui, I heard that you're building some pop-out props for KAITO's show stage.
MEIKO: It's amazing how you're not only good with stage direction, but can build your own props as well!
Rui: Hehe, fiddling with machinery is the most I can do.
Rui: Most of the heavy lifting is done by KAITO and the plushies. Things like gathering materials and assembling them using the blueprints.
MEIKO: Oh, don't be so modest. Anyway, when will the equipment be ready?
Rui: Very soon. We'll test it by making Tsukasa fly first, before finishing up the final adjustments.
MEIKO: My, that sounds like fun! I'll be there to see it happen♪


6 873:areatalk_ev_wonder_02_012

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Miku (WxS): MEIKO, what kind of show do you want to do? Don't be shy, tell me anything☆
MEIKO: Let me see... How about a show that's not just performed on the stage here, but makes use of all the other attractions outside as well?
MEIKO: Or maybe a show that interacts with the audience by getting some of them to join us on stage!
Miku (WxS): Wow! That all sounds super fun! I wanna be in a show like that too!
Miku (WxS): I know! Let's go tell KAITO to do something like that♪
MEIKO: Hehe. Yes, let's do that!


7 874:areatalk_ev_wonder_02_014

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: MEIKO, KAITO)

MEIKO: KAITO, what did you want to talk about?
KAITO: Well, there's this scene in the musical we're doing next where there needs to be a sky.
KAITO: It's just, you know, having a background doesn't convey the feeling of openness like a real sky would. So how do you think we can solve this?
MEIKO: Hm. If the background alone isn't enough, why don't we make use of the curtain color, since the stage is already blue to begin with!
MEIKO: Or, we could try to find a way to do that scene stand-alone under the actual sky? Wouldn't that be interesting?
KAITO: That might work! Your ideas are just out of this world. They're grand in scale yet versatile at the same time.
MEIKO: Thanks for the compliment! And feel free to talk to me if you ever need to brainstorm again♪
KAITO: I appreciate that. And don't mind if I take you up on that offer one of these days too.


8 875:areatalk_ev_wonder_02_017

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Len: Take this! And that!
Len: So, what do you think of my stage combat skills, MEIKO?
MEIKO: I thought you looked pretty cool! Now you just need to practice the timing with your counterpart, right?
MEIKO: Can I try playing as your counterpart?
Len: Sure! Oh, but I only brought one practice sword with me.
MEIKO: Don't worry, if it gets really bad for me, I'll just use a special move or something. Blade Snatch!
Len: Haha! And I think you'd probably pull it off, too!


