1 618:areatalk03_267

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): How do the four of you usually write songs?
Mafuyu: What do you mean?
Miku (N25): Do you talk a lot as you work?
Mafuyu: Kanade and I only talk when we need to, but Ena and Mizuki are always chatting.
Mizuki: Hey, I make sure to get my share of the work done.
Miku (N25): Are you saying Ena and Mizuki don't take this seriously?
Mafuyu: Yeah. That's right.
Mizuki: Hey, that's not true.
Mizuki: Honest, Miku. I'm always working my hardest.


2 839:areatalk_ev_night_01_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki)

Honami: Oh! Hello, Ms. Yoisaki. Out for a stroll?
Kanade: Yes. I'm meeting a few members from my online group...
Kanade: How about you, Ms. Mochizuki? Are you heading somewhere?
Honami: Yes. Oh, I can't remember if I mentioned it or not. Some old friends of mine and I made a band. I'm actually on my way to practice.
Kanade: Yes, I think you mentioned that once before. I'd be interested in hearing you play some time.
Honami: Really? We're still not very good, so I'm a bit embarrassed to play in front of others...
Honami: But I can bring some recordings with me the next time I come over.
Kanade: Great. I'm looking forward to it.


3 840:areatalk_ev_night_01_002

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki)

Honami: Ms. Yoisaki, thanks for helping me with the groceries like this...
Kanade: Well, there was actually something I wanted too...
Kanade: Also, one of my friends said, It's the worst when someone just says 'anything is fine' when you're trying to make something.
Kanade: So I thought today I could look at some options myself and make a request.
Honami: Hehe. Don't mind me. It's fun to think about what to make too.
Honami: Plus, I feel like I'm finally getting a good idea of what kinds of foods you like.
Kanade: Really? I'm not even sure I know that myself.
Honami: Hehe. I'll let you know if my predictions are correct after I've had a little more time to make sure.


4 841:areatalk_ev_night_01_003

[Music Shop]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: Oh...
Honami: Oh, Ms. Yoisaki! Hello!
Kanade: Did you come to look at CDs?
Honami: Oh, no. I'm here with a friend. They're at the register now.
Honami: Hehe. Still, I'm happy to see you out and about. It really makes me feel like we actually live in the same town.
Kanade: It's possible we could have walked right by each other before and not even known it.
Honami: Yeah, it's kind of weird to think about, isn't it? I guess you never know how or where you're going to meet someone.
Kanade: Yeah...
Kanade: (I guess I should thank grandma for hiring someone to help out around the house.)


