1 2136:areatalk_ev_wonder_16_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Hm? Another trailer for an upcoming film?
Emu: Hey, he's right! An action-packed, sci-fi musical... It looks like it's got everything!
Nene: When I made that film with my class, people wanted it to cover a lot of different genres when we first started discussing what we were gonna do.
Nene: Some genres seem like they'd never go together, but the pros probably think long and hard about how to get them to work.
Rui: We only got to see how a film's actually shot, so it'd be nice to also learn more about screenwriting if we get the chance.
Nene: I'd also like to learn more about that from a professional.
Emu: I hope we get to learn about making films again someday!


2 2137:areatalk_ev_wonder_16_002

[Music Shop]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: Huh...? Rui? What are you doing here?
Rui: Oh, I was looking something up online when I found out about an interesting stage effect that uses a song.
Rui: I came here to buy the CD for it because the booklet apparently gives an explanation breaking down how the effect was done.
Nene: Oh, okay. Wait a second... It isn't “The Little Bears' Opera”, is it?
Rui: You know it?
Nene: Yeah, I came across an article for it when I was researching about musicals.
Nene: I bought a different CD by the same person singing on that track, but I'm pretty sure they also had CDs for “The Little Bears' Opera” over this way. Follow me.
Rui: (I've been focusing on my own problems a lot lately... But it's good to see that Nene's still doing what she can to get better.)


3 2138:areatalk_ev_wonder_16_003

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Neneee! It's wonderhoy after school time☆
Nene: E-Emu?! Did you sneak in again?!
Emu: Hehe. You promised to go shopping with me today, remember? So, I decided to come get you!
Nene: Th-Thanks, but you wandering in this far seriously increases the odds of the teachers finding you and—
Teacher: Stop right there, Kamishiro! I know you're the one who covered the multipurpose room in confetti!!
Emu: Wow, Rui looks like he's having so much fun! Is he playing tag with that teacher?!
Nene: (M-My brain can't keep up. There's too much going on all at once. Please, someone, help me...)


4 2139:areatalk_ev_wonder_16_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku)

Tsukasa: *Sigh* What am I to do...?
Miku (WxS): What's wrong, Tsukasa?! Why the long face?!
Tsukasa: So, part of why I decided to become a hall monitor was because I thought I'd be able to keep Rui from running amok...
Tsukasa: But he's causing problems every single day! He keeps coming up with new ways to wreak havoc!
Miku (WxS): Really?! It sounds like Rui still runs the place!
Miku (WxS): But I have just the thing to help turn that frown upside down! It's a happy-fun-time cannon☆
Miku (WxS): Fire♪
Tsukasa: ...! Confetti...
Tsukasa: This happy-fun-time cannon... Did Rui make it?
Miku (WxS): Yup! He said it took a lot of trial and error, but he let me borrow it after he finished working on it☆
Miku (WxS): Still feeling down...?
Tsukasa: For several reasons...


5 2140:areatalk_ev_wonder_16_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (WxS): Hehe. The film we watched today was just as good as the last one♪
Rui: You've already watched just about all the ones that you borrowed from Emu, yes?
Rin (WxS): Yup! I watched this one with a really exciting car chase with Miku the other day...
Rin (WxS): We shouted and cheered on the heroes while we watched, and it was so much fun♪
Rui: Hehe. Sounds like you two had a cheer screening.
Rin (WxS): A cheer screening?
Rui: Yes. At certain theaters, you're allowed to cheer as you watch a film like you and Miku did.
Rui: I'd like to take you sometime, Rin. You could conceivably just watch out in the open as a hologram if we went to one where everyone brings glow sticks.
Rin (WxS): Wow... I had no idea!
Rin (WxS): But I bet it'd be better if we all went together! The more the merrier, right?☆
Rin (WxS): Promise to take us! Okay, Rui?♪


