1 1786:areatalk_ev_wonder_14_001

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Emu: Hehe. Thanks for having me over again today☆
Tsukasa: Hey, not so loud! Try to be more discreet!
Emu: Then, what if I were a little quieter and sneakier?
Tsukasa: Well, as long as the teachers don't hear you... Wait, no. They might scold us even more for trying to hide you.
Emu: Anyway, where are Nene and Rui?
Tsukasa: I'm not sure about Nene, but Rui said he'll be busy with greening committee business. He might be watering the flowers in the courtyard right now.
Emu: Oh! Then, I'm gonna go help him so it goes faster♪
Tsukasa: Ah, that's a wonderful... No, stop right there! Quit trying to go exploring! You're not a student here!


2 1787:areatalk_ev_wonder_14_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: It's been a while since we last went shopping together like this...
Emu: Yeah☆ Thanks for inviting me out today, Nene♪
Nene: Thanks for joining me.
Nene: I've been wanting to take a breather now that we've finished doing the anniversary show for Phoenix Wonderland.
Emu: So, where should we go first? One of the shops by the station? The mall?
Nene: My hope is as many places as we can. A lot of new shops and popular spots seem to have popped up since the last time I came to hang out.
Emu: Oh, Nene, you sound really energized today!
Nene: I wanna make the most of the time we have, so this is fine once in a while. So, Emu, let me know if there's any place that interests you. We can go check it out together.
Emu: Really?! Then, I wanna go to the...


3 1788:areatalk_ev_wonder_14_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Rui, over here! It's this shop!
Rui: Yes, I remember. The one that had those Cerberus pajamas.
Rui: I have to say, it's quite the idea. A plush head on each shoulder plus your own to make three in total... Hm?
Rui: Wait, that display...! It says, “Cerberus Pajamas Mk II”?!
Emu: What?! They got an upgrade?!
Rui: Yes, it seems that way! Let's see... It appears that these use your hands for the other two heads.
Rui: You can bring your hands next to your head and move the mouths like sock puppets. Yes, this set certainly seems much more dynamic than its predecessor.
Emu: Oh wow...! Anyone who bought the old set's gonna be so excited when they see this one♪
Rui: Yes, how wonderful would it be if the maker of these did think of these upgrades just for their fans?
Rui: (We're about to set foot into a very big world, but these pajamas act as a nice reminder that we need to keep cherishing the little things that make those around us smile.)


4 1789:areatalk_ev_wonder_14_004

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: This park was already plenty lively when I auditioned to become a member of its cast...
Tsukasa: But we've been getting even more visitors, and seeing even more smiles.
Rui: Yes. We put on the night shows, our ambassadorial performances... We did quite a lot, didn't we?
Nene: Yeah. It's nice to think that we played a role in the park's growth.
Emu: But I bet this park can get filled up with lots and lots and lots more smiles♪
Emu: That's why I'm gonna experience a bunch of new things, learn as much as I can and return here as Super Ultra Ultimate Perfect Phoenix Emu!
Nene: W-Wait, as what...?
Emu: Super Ultra Ultimate Perfect Phoenix Emu!
Rui: Ah, in other words, Hyper Mega Absolute Final Form Emu Otori!
Nene: Rewording it isn't helping...
Tsukasa: In simpler terms, you're going to return after you've had a chance to really grow, yes?
Emu: Yup☆ Watch me GROW GROW GROW♪


5 1790:areatalk_ev_wonder_14_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, MEIKO)

Emu: Oh, MEIKO, there you are♪ Do you have a second to talk?
MEIKO: Emu, welcome! Yes, of course♪
MEIKO: Hm? Hang on... You seem to be hiding something behind your back. You're not planning to do anything naughty, are you?
Emu: Heh heh heh. Looks like my cover's been blown, so...
Emu: Ta-daa! I brought you some snacks as thanks for helping me cover my face when my eyes were all red!
MEIKO: Oh, you got these for me?
Emu: Because you really saved me that time! Here, I brought lots and lots for you♪
MEIKO: Hehe. You really did! My hands are both full. I'm not sure I'll be able to finish all of these, so let's have some together, Emu♪
Emu: Okay☆


