1 1801:areatalk_ev_shuffle_37_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Oh, hi Rui! What are you doing here?
Rui: I'm about to put on a guerilla performance here. I've been getting ready to start a cherry blossom blizzard.
Mizuki: A cherry blossom blizzard?! That sounds so cool!
An: But if you scatter petals everywhere, isn't it going to cause trouble for whoever has to clean up?
Rui: Hehe, never fear. It would be poor showmanship for me to leave my audience in the lurch.
Rui: This is actually a modified version of my snow producing device. It adds color to snow to merely create the illusion of blossoms. It will all melt away in minutes.
An: Oh, alright then. Let me help you in that case! It sounds kinda fun!
Mizuki: Yeah, that's what I like to hear! You can count me in too, Rui.
Rui: Oh, thank you both. As a thank you gift, feel free to stay and enjoy the show.


2 1802:areatalk_ev_shuffle_37_002

[Music Shop]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: If it isn't Akito and Shiraishi! What brings you two here?
Akito: I guess a shopping trip between practices? We came to look for any CDs that might give us some inspiration.
Tsukasa: I see. Enjoying the works of professionals to both educate and inspire yourselves! Two birds with one stone, eh?
An: Is that a DVD you have there, Tenma? The box is in English...
Tsukasa: Oh, are you interested in this, Shiraishi? It's a hot topic lately.
Tsukasa: It's a truly authentic musical, with moving performances and stunning designs! Especially the...
An: (Urgh... I'm looking at the box, but I can't even tell what kind of story it is...)
Akito: Hmm, it looks interesting.
An: Wait, get out of here! You can read that, Akito?
Akito: No, but I can read the Japanese on that poster about it.
An: That's what you meant?! Wow, you had me floored for a second there.


3 1803:areatalk_ev_shuffle_37_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: *Sigh* Karaoke was so fun! I sang my heart out, and I got to hear you sing! I'm as happy as a clam♪
An: Thanks for coming with me! Singing really is the best when you have a lot of pent-up feelings.
An: Also, didn't we kill it during those duets?
Mizuki: I know, right?! I could totally tell you were holding back for my sake, but it felt so good to sing together!
An: I'm glad you feel the same! I feel nice and refreshed, so I'm going to enjoy practice even more later!
Mizuki: Wait, practice? You're gonna go sing again?! There's no stopping you...
Mizuki: Good luck, An!


4 1804:areatalk_ev_shuffle_37_004

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Hm? You want to try flying a drone?
An: Yes! I've seen you using them a lot as a hall monitor, and I kinda like the idea of trying it for myself...
Rui: I see. That's fine by me, of course. As a matter of fact, I have a brand new model with me now. I finished it last night.
An: What?! So, do you just carry them around with you all the time?
Rui: Hehe, naturally. A director must always be prepared, you know.
Rui: Recently, I've been working on miniaturizing the controllers, including smaller buttons for a more intuitive experience.
Rui: The drone has a camera mounted on it, and this display here picks up the footage—
An: I see... So you watch that while you're flying the drone?
Rui: You're a fast learner. Would you like to try controlling it?
An: Yes, please!


5 1805:areatalk_ev_shuffle_37_005

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Mizuki Akiyama)

Tsukasa: Oh, Akiyama! Perfect timing! Have you seen Saki around here?
Mizuki: Huh? No, I haven't... What's up?
Tsukasa: Oh... She and I got separated, you see, and I'm looking for her. Please, help me brainstorm!
Tsukasa: She was looking for a makeup brand. I think the logo was a circle...
Mizuki: Wait, that's all you remember? Uh, lemme think... A circle...
Mizuki: Oh! Could the brand be Sunday Style?
Mizuki: Their products are known for having bright, cute shades. They're totally Saki's style, so it'd make sense for her to be looking for them.
Tsukasa: Sunday Style... Y-Yes, that was the name!
Mizuki: Oh, that's great! There's a branch nearby. Let me take you!
Tsukasa: Aaahhh! Thank you so, so much, Akiyama! You've saved the day!


