1 1442:areatalk_ev_shuffle_20_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, An Shiraishi)

Shizuku: Oh, this street looks familiar!
Shizuku: Thank you, An. I should be able to get to the sewing lounge now.
An: You're welcome! Still, it's really unfortunate that part of your usual route's undergoing construction.
Shizuku: Yes, and I got so lost after I realized that I couldn't go that way... I'm so glad that I happened to bump into you, An.
An: Hehe. But I was surprised to find out that you have no sense of... I mean, you have some trouble reading maps.
Shizuku: That's the thing. I try to look up what I can on my phone, but I'm also not very good with electronics so I end up in these sorts of situations.
Shizuku: I really should fix that since I'm in high school now.
An: No, we all have trouble doing some things! I really don't think you have to be so hard on yourself!
An: (Honestly, I'd still refuse to eat any tomatoes even if someone tried to force me to!)
Shizuku: Hehe. I really appreciate it, An.


2 1443:areatalk_ev_shuffle_20_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Airi Momoi, An Shiraishi)

Airi: Wait, An, you're an only child? I totally thought you had younger siblings since you seem so dependable.
An: I do? I really appreciate you saying that since you also seem like the dependable type, Airi.
An: But in your case, you actually have siblings, right?
Airi: That's right. A big sister and a little sister.
An: With you in the middle... That means you get to enjoy the best of both worlds since you're simultaneously a big and little sister!
Airi: Hehe. True. But I also kinda wish I had a little brother alongside my little sister.
An: A little brother?
Airi: Yeah. I sometimes get kinda jealous of Ena and Akito whenever I see them together.
An: I get Ena... But Akito as a little brother?
Airi: He's your teammate, so it might seem like a foreign concept.
An: It does. I mean, a little brother with that kind of attitude...
Airi: (Hehe. She's saying the same thing as Ena.)


3 1444:areatalk_ev_shuffle_20_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa)

Shizuku: Kohane, outside of New Year's, we've had a few other chances to speak to one another, haven't we?
Kohane: Yes, such as during Shiho's birthday party. Thank you very much for inviting me over to your house that time.
Shizuku: No, I should be the one thanking you.
Shizuku: Shii actually started talking more about her class after she had a chance to get to know you and Minori better, Kohane.
Kohane: Really?
Shizuku: Yes. Just the other day, she mentioned how she got to help you and Minori with some animal caretaker committee business.
Kohane: Oh, that's right! Shiho said that she really likes small animals and that she's been wanting to tend to the little ones with us. And we finally got that chance!
Shizuku: Hehe. She said she really enjoyed herself. Also, the look on her face when she told me about it was so gentle and sweet.
Shizuku: So, if it's alright with you, I'd like it if you could invite her to help out again sometime.
Kohane: Of course! And it's nice to hear that Shiho had so much fun...! Hehe. I'm really glad for her.


4 1445:areatalk_ev_shuffle_20_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kohane Azusawa)

Airi: Oh, Kohane! Do you have a minute?
Kohane: Oh, Airi, how can I help you?
Airi: Sorry, would you mind delivering this Modern Japanese textbook to Minori for me?
Airi: She decided to read up for class since we had some time left over after our morning practice, but she ended up leaving it up there.
Kohane: Oh, I see. I think she was looking for it just now, so I'll go hand it over to her.
Airi: Thanks. Honestly, I can't believe how forgetful she is sometimes...
Kohane: But Minori's always really helpful during class.
Kohane: And when I had trouble finding my seat during the entrance ceremony, she reached out to me by saying, “I'll help you find it, so can you tell me your name?” That's actually the reason we became friends!
Airi: Really? I didn't know that!
Airi: (Minori probably saw that Kohane was in trouble and couldn't leave her hanging! Way to go, girl! That's what it means to be an idol!)


5 1446:areatalk_ev_shuffle_20_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, MEIKO)

MEIKO: An, Kohane, I have a small request. Mind hearing me out?
An: Sure, how can we help?
MEIKO: I'm thinking about hanging up pictures of all of you around the cafe.
Kohane: Wait, all of us?
MEIKO: Yes, as a way to commemorate what you've experienced! Especially what you've all done recently from camping to putting on your own event and becoming models.
MEIKO: And remember how you said it's important to have the same image in mind? So, I believe that we should also try to understand the vision you all have in order to better support you.
An: Oh, okay...! Thank you very much, MEIKO!
Kohane: Hehe. We've taken a lot of photos, so we'll make sure to pick out some good ones for you!
MEIKO: Great, thanks!


6 1447:areatalk_ev_shuffle_20_006

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Shizuku: Airi!
Airi: Oh, Shizuku. And Luka? You two seem awfully happy. What's going on?
Luka: We found this really wonderful costume. Here, ta-daa♪
Airi: Oh wow...! Is it supposed to be like a Dahlia? This skirt has so much volume to it too. It gives it a really classy look!
Luka: Yes, it does! Would you like to try it on, Airi? We think it'll look very nice on you.
Airi: Wait, me? Not you or Shizuku, Luka?
Shizuku: Yes, you! Won't you please try it on for us, Airi?
Airi: Hmm... I don't have much experience wearing anything like this...
Shizuku: That's understandable, but we really think you'll look wonderful wearing it.
Luka: Hehe. It even made the needle on my lovely idol sensor move off the scale♪
Airi: Your lovely idol sensor...? What in the world are you talking about...?
Luka & Shizuku: Airi, pleeease!
Airi: Okay, okay. I'll take a leap of faith and try it on.
Luka & Shizuku: Thank you!


7 1448:areatalk_ev_shuffle_20_007

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

Rin: *Sigh* ...in a dress!
MEIKO: Sounds like Rin's having a nice daydream...
Miku (VBS): After seeing An in a wedding dress, she's been talking about how she's going to wear something like that someday.
MEIKO: Oh, that'd be wonderful. I'm sure she'll make for an adorable bride.
Rin: Wait, you mean that?! You really think I'll look good in a dress?
MEIKO: Yes, of course. I mean, Rin, there's a whole slew of dressmakers and designs out there. I'm sure you'll find more than a few wedding dresses that suit you perfectly.
Miku (VBS): Also, if it's bothering you that much, why don't you ask An and the others about this? A quick search should produce a nice list of results.
Rin: Yeah, I'll try asking them! Thanks, you two!


8 1449:areatalk_monthly2205_001

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Hatsune Miku)

???: Guess who, Miku.
Miku (Ln): Huh? Um... Ichika?
Saki: Nope! I was the one covering your eyes♪
Miku (Ln): Oh... Hehe. I was completely fooled by Ichika's voice.
Ichika: We did it, Saki. It went perfectly.
Saki: Yeah! Too bad it didn't go as well when Hona and I tried it on you, Ichi.
Miku (Ln): It didn't work? Ichika, were you able to differentiate between who was talking and who was covering your eyes?
Ichika: Just by chance. Saki's hands are warmer than most people's, so I had a hunch...
Miku (Ln): She does? Saki, Ichika, mind if I feel both of your hands?
Saki: Sure♪ So, feel any differences...?
Miku (Ln): Hmm... Maybe? I think so? I'm still amazed that you can tell, Ichika.
Ichika: Hehe. We held hands as we walked a lot when we were little, so I guess that feeling's ingrained in my memory...
Miku (Ln): I see. I'd expect no less from childhood friends.


9 1450:areatalk_monthly2205_002

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Len: Hmm... Hm? Where did I put my sheet music?
MEIKO: Len, are you looking for the sheet music with all these cute star illustrations? Or the sheet music with all these detailed notes?
Len: Huh? No, it's neither of those...
MEIKO: Yes, that is correct! As a reward, Len, I shall bestow upon you this well-worn sheet music that's in surprisingly good condition and neither cute nor covered in notes!
Len: Wait, that's my sheet music... Also, what do you mean “in surprisingly good condition”?
Len: Hang on... Doesn't that sheet music belong to Rin and Miku? Why do you have them, MEIKO?
MEIKO: They left them here. They're taking a break right now and went off to grab some snacks.
Len: Okay, now it makes sense.
MEIKO: Oh, Len, they should be back soon, so would you like to have some snacks and play a few songs with us?
Len: Well, I was thinking about getting in some practice, so okay.
MEIKO: Wonderful! Feel free to sit wherever you like while we wait!


10 1451:areatalk_monthly2205_003

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Len)

Len: Oh, is it just the two of you today?
Shiho: Yeah, we're about to have a secret rhythm squad training session.
Len: A secret training session? That's pretty cool.
Honami: Hehe. Thank you, Len.
Honami: And we've been doing this for quite a while now. I mean, it all started in secret but sort of off-the-cuff after we got our band back together.
Len: Really? So, do Ichika and Saki not know about this since you're doing it in secret?
Shiho: No, they probably know about this. Right?
Honami: Yes. We haven't exactly been going out of our way to keep it a secret from them.
Len: What? Then, why are you still calling it a “secret training session”?
Shiho: Because we want to practice in secret and surprise Ichika and the others the next time we play together.
Len: Haha. Now I get it! Yeah, in that case, I guess it still needs to be a secret.


11 1452:areatalk_monthly2205_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Minori: KAITO, Len... Rin said that you guys can sew loose threading on costumes back together. Is that true?
Len: Only a little bit. I learned what I know from KAITO.
KAITO: And I'm not really an expert either. All I'm honestly capable of is mending loose threading and putting buttons back on.
Minori: That's still really impressive! I sometimes do a little sewing at school, but I'm just not very good at it...
Minori: Especially buttons. I usually get so focused on making sure it stays on that it ends up being way too tight.
Len: Yeah, buttons are kinda tricky since they have to be sewn on just right.
KAITO: Very true. But you can always place a thick piece of paper between the button and cloth to make sure it has some room to breathe in the end.
Minori: Th-That's brilliant! I'll try that during class next time!


12 1454:areatalk_monthly2205_006

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, MEIKO)

Minori & MEIKO: Hmm...
Haruka: Is something wrong, you two? You both seem pretty concerned...
MEIKO: I was wondering what color the costume for my next show should be and asked Minori for her opinion.
Haruka: The color of your costume?
MEIKO: Yes, I generally tend to choose red-colored costumes and outfits, so I was thinking about going with a different color for a change...
Haruka: Oh, is this a case of your other choices not quite being what you were hoping for...?
Minori: No, it's the exact opposite of that!!
Minori: Every color looks absolutely amazing on her! We're having trouble choosing an alternative because they're all good enough to challenge her usual red!
Haruka: Hehe. Now I understand.
Haruka: In that case, I'd like to join your discussion since we owe you quite a lot already. 
MEIKO: Thank you, Haruka! Alright, I'll start over with the first color and put that costume back on♪
Minori: Yes, please!


