1 2412:areatalk_ev_idol_19_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Hey, look! They're showing Shizuku's commercial up on that billboard over there!
Haruka: You're right. It feels even more compelling when it's shown on such a big screen.
Minori: Yeah, it's like...! We're getting to experience Shizuku with all our senses!
Airi: You're blowing things way out of proportion again. I mean, she's standing right here with us.
Shizuku: Still, I know I'm wearing a disguise, but it's incredible how no one's noticed me...
Haruka: To be fair, most people aren't going to expect to see the person up there standing right next to them.
Airi: It's probably because she gave off a way different impression during that commercial. She's like a feather wafting in the breeze right now, so I'm worried that a sudden gust is gonna carry her away...
Shizuku: Oh, I think that's going too far... But it would be nice to go for a walk in the sky.
Airi: That's exactly what I mean. You have your head in the clouds.
Minori & Haruka: Haha! Hehe.


2 2413:areatalk_ev_idol_19_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Shizuku, you looked so beautiful in that commercial. And that new eye shadow suited you perfectly...!
Minori: I hope I get to appear in a commercial like that someday!
Shizuku: I'm sure that you'd help make it a wonderful commercial. But what would you like it to be about?
Minori: Hmm... I'm not sure which to choose, but...
Minori: Oh, I know! I'd love to do a commercial for that zoo I got to help out at!
Shizuku: For that zoo?
Minori: Yeah! It'd include my friend, Schubert the shoebill, and we'd introduce all the fun things you can do there!
Minori: He looks really cool when he has his wings spread out, so it'd be great to do a dance with him or something...!
Shizuku: Hehe. It already sounds like such a fun commercial!
Minori: I know, right?! I've gotta tell Airi and Haruka about this later!


3 2414:areatalk_ev_idol_19_003

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (MMJ): Phew... Shizuku, what did you think of my dance just now?
Shizuku: It was good! I thought you looked very sharp and struck a wonderful pose at the end!
Shizuku: It's like you were using every sinew of your being to encourage me. I could tell that you were trying to cheer everyone up who was listening.
Miku (MMJ): Really? Thank you...! I'm so glad you feel that way, Shizuku!
Miku (MMJ): The truth is, this pose is based on what I saw as I watched you practice.
Shizuku: Huh? Me...?
Miku (MMJ): Yes! While practicing for that commercial, you tried looking for the pose which best captured the tagline for it, right?
Miku (MMJ): This song is designed to encourage others, so I tried researching which pose would best capture that theme.
Shizuku: I see... Hehe. I'm glad to hear that I was able to help you, Miku.


4 2415:areatalk_ev_idol_19_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Len)

Shizuku: Oh, Len! These are for you.
Len (MMJ): Wow... These rice balls look delicious. Did you make them yourself, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes, I made some for everyone because you've all been giving me so much support.
Len (MMJ): Really...? Thanks! I was just about to take a break, so I think I'll have them now.
Shizuku: Hehe. Bon appetit♪
Len (MMJ): Mmm... This is amazing. The taste of bonito flakes is filling my mouth...
Len (MMJ): Huh? I'm tasting kelp here... And on the other side is... Miso?
Shizuku: Oh, so... I didn't get a chance to ask what you all like, so I tried filling them with a variety of different ingredients. I hope they're to your liking...
Len (MMJ): I'm enjoying every bite of this.  Thanks for putting so much thought into these.


5 2416:areatalk_ev_idol_19_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, KAITO)

KAITO (MMJ): Airi, thank you for letting me borrow your phone.
Airi: You're welcome. But why do you want to see videos of Shizuku when she was still in Cheerful * Days all of a sudden...?
KAITO (MMJ): So, I became curious after Miku told me that she saw some footage of her from back then.
Haruka: I see. What did you think of that Cheerful * Days concert?
KAITO (MMJ): It was a clear reminder of just how amazing Shizuku was and still is today. Despite that dance being very difficult, she performed it flawlessly...!
Airi: It's a hard and up-tempo routine, but she did it without breaking a sweat. She even threw in winks and smiles at the most opportune moments.
KAITO (MMJ): Yes, like the way she smiled after that one turn! That was absolutely perfect...!
Airi: Exactly! And her sightlines were so good. She looked around at everyone, even all the way in the back!
Haruka: Hehe. It sounds like you've watched that video more than a few times, Airi.
Airi: *Gasp*
Airi: S-Scratch that last part!


6 2513:areatalk_monthly2412_002

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

Saki: *Sigh* Shopping was so much fun!
Ichika: And the pasta we had for lunch was really good. I'm glad we chose to eat there.
Haruka: Whenever we hang out together like this, it always feels like we're back to being first-years.
Saki: I know, right?! It's so great to hang out with my Class 1-C buddies like this♪
Haruka: Thank you for inviting us out today, Saki. I feel like I really got to take my mind off things.
Saki: No worries, it was a good breather for me too! Back to giving it our all again tomorrow!
Ichika & Haruka: Yeah!


