1 2353:areatalk_ev_shuffle_48_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: Hm? Isn't that Kiritani standing in line outside of the cream puff shop?
Haruka: Excuse me. Would it be possible for me to get one of everything?
Akito: Wait, what...? One of everything?
Tsukasa: She could be getting them as a gift for someone. Considering how many different types that shop has, I have a hard time believing they're all for her.
Akito: Then, why don't you go ask her?
Tsukasa: Are you mad? She's an idol. Do you really expect me to ask, “Are those all for you?”
Haruka: Huh? Hello, Tenma, Shinonome. Are you two also here to have some cream puffs?
Akito: No, we were just passing by. Do you come here often, Kiritani...?
Haruka: Yes, on my cheat days. But it's been so long since I was last here that I ended up buying one of each.
Tsukasa: R-Really?! I had no idea!
Tsukasa: Those really are all for you...! I may need to reexamine my perception of idols!
Akito: No, I think she's the exception to the rule.


2 2354:areatalk_ev_shuffle_48_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Come to think of it, where did you learn about all those exercises, Kiritani?
Haruka: Books, mostly. They were very interesting because they included so many different viewpoints.
Akito: Books, huh...?
Haruka: Are you not fond of reading?
Akito: Yeah. Walls of text make me sleepy.
Haruka: (Hehe. He's just like An.)
Haruka: In that case, what if you tried watching some videos posted by personal trainers?
Haruka: All you'd need to do is listen to them talk. Plus, they usually make things easy by demonstrating how to do each exercise.
Akito: Yeah, videos might be the better option.


3 2355:areatalk_ev_shuffle_48_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: Kiritani, I heard that you've put yourself on a very strict diet in order to keep being an idol.
Haruka: Yes, so that I can achieve the body which I consider to be ideal. I've been on the same diet since becoming an idol.
Tsukasa: I see. To achieve your ideal body...
Tsukasa: While we're on the subject, I vaguely remember you mentioning something about being able to eat whatever you like on certain days. You called them...
Haruka: Cheat days. Some people use them as a way to reward themselves.
Tsukasa: Yes, I see...
Tsukasa: Cheat days, eh? That has an interesting ring to it. I might go on a diet just to be able to start using that term.
Haruka: Oh... I doubt many people have that as their motive, but I do think challenging yourself is a good thing.


4 2356:areatalk_ev_shuffle_48_004

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi)

An: Hehe. I get to have the one and only Haruka Kiritani all to myself today!
Haruka: Yes, alright. So, where is this store that you said you wanted to check out with little old me?
An: It's the one over there! They're featuring a bunch of cute animal goods right now as part of a campaign.
Haruka: Oh, does that include penguins?
An: Do you really think I'd ask a famous idol such as yourself to come look if they didn't?
Haruka: Alright, quit putting me on a pedestal.
An: Haha. Sorry! Anyway, as far as penguins go...
An: They do have some!
Haruka: Okay. In that case, let's hurry over!
An: Hey, slow down! Wait for me!


5 2357:areatalk_ev_shuffle_48_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, Rin, Luka. Are you two free right now?
Rin (MMJ): Yeah, what's up?
MEIKO (MMJ): The thing is, I was so impressed by what Haruka was doing that I decided to come up with a new training schedule for myself!
MEIKO (MMJ): Would you like to join me? Take a look.
Luka (MMJ): Let's see... Run five laps, and do a hundred one-arm push-ups per arm...
Rin (MMJ): O-One-arm push-ups?! I can't do those.
MEIKO (MMJ): Ah, but wouldn't it be incredible if you got to the point where you can?
MEIKO (MMJ): Obviously, I won't make you do a hundred right off the bat. You can try doing one after I show you the proper form!
Luka (MMJ): Oh, one doesn't sound all that bad.
Rin (MMJ): I wanna give it a try, MEIKO! Can you show me how to do them?
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, of course♪


