1 2268:areatalk_ev_wonder_17_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Lately, Sis and I have been playing this racing game together a lot. The one where you throw items at each other!
Tsukasa: Oh, that game? Come to think of it, Saki and I also used to play it together quite a bit.
Nene: Rui and me too when we were little.
Rui: Yes, those were some fun times we had.
Emu: Then, we should all play together the next time we can! I'm really good! I've beaten Shosuke before, you know?!
Nene: Is he that good...?
Emu: Yeah, he always ended up lapping me and Sis when we were kids! He's definitely the best in our family!
Rui: If you've been able to bridge that gap, then you must've improved quite a lot since then, Emu.
Tsukasa: Which makes you a formidable foe. And I'm not one to back down from a challenge...!
Tsukasa: So, let's have ourselves a gaming tournament in SEKAI sometime to see who is the best!
Emu: Woohoo! I'm gonna start practicing a ton with Sis.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! Unfortunately, Emu, I shall ultimately be the one who sits on your brother's throne!


2 2269:areatalk_ev_wonder_17_002

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Kagamine Len)

Emu: Try catching...this!!!
Tsukasa: Whoa! That was fast... You really know how to throw the ball, Emu!
Tsukasa: You have a good arm, but so do I. Ready...?! Catch!
Emu: Whoa! That was pretty good! But I can throw it even harder!
Len (WxS): That's amazing! How are you guys able to catch a ball that's moving so fast...?!
Tsukasa: Heh. This is nothing...! Also, Len, why don't you take my place?
Len (WxS): What?! There's no way I can do this! I mean, won't I just ruin your guys' fun...?!
Tsukasa: I don't think so. After all, the goal isn't to throw the ball as fast as you can.
Emu: What he said! Just playing catch is fun by itself! So, Len, you should jump in!
Len (WxS): Then, I'll give it a try... But can you show me how to grip the ball?
Emu: You hold it using your thumb, middle and index fingers! Now, show me what you got!


3 2270:areatalk_ev_wonder_17_003

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: Oh, Rui, have you seen Emu?
Rui: No, is she visiting Kamiyama High again?
Nene: Yeah. We were talking until just a second ago, and then Tsukasa showed up...
Nene: He shouted, “Intruders in violation of the rules will not be tolerated!” Emu ran and he chased after her. I haven't seen either of them since.
Rui: Ah, that clears things up a bit. In that case, shall we try finding them together?
Rui: Actually, we're faced with the choice of aiding Emu's escape or helping Tsukasa catch her... Hehe. Why don't we aid whomever we lay eyes on first?
Nene: You're enjoying this, aren't you...?


4 2271:areatalk_ev_wonder_17_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Kagamine Len)

Len (WxS): Nineteen... Twenty! Phew... Thanks for helping me with my stretches!
Emu: Yeah, no problem! After all, it's really important to stretch before doing a physical activity♪
Emu: Plus, you can do way deeper stretches when you have a partner helping you☆
Len (WxS): Yeah, true! And you knowing all these different stretches has been huge! I feel like I can train like I really mean it now!
Emu: Great♪ Oh, Len, mind if I joined you? All this stretching is making me want to exercise now.
Len (WxS): Yeah, of course! I was thinking about starting off with a quick jog around this place.
Emu: Okay! Then, let's start jogging☆


5 2272:areatalk_ev_wonder_17_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Miku (WxS): Bo-taoshi was so much fun☆ All the plushies were so into it too!
Len (WxS): Yeah, I also had a lot of fun!
Len (WxS): But I still don't like that we lost. I mean, the plushies worked so hard...
Miku (WxS): Heehee☆ Sore? You were never gonna beat us! Not in a hundred years!
Len (WxS): W-We'll win next time! I'm gonna go practice with the plushies who were on my team today so that we do!
Miku (WxS): We'll be waiting☆ I'll also be practicing with my plushies in the meantime♪


