1 1055:areatalk_monthly2106_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Saki: Sigh...
Ichika: That was quite a sigh, Saki. Is everything okay...?
Saki: Well, we've been doing great as a band lately, but I was just thinking that there haven't been any school events for a while.
Saki: Sigh... I wanna be on another committee like for the Sports Festival...
Ichika: Don't worry, you'll get that chance again. You could also take it as now being a good chance to get better as a band, no?
Saki: Oh, right! We should get as good as we can while we're not busy with school stuff!


2 1056:areatalk_monthly2106_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Honami: Um, Shiho, about practice next weekend... Would you mind coming a little early?
Shiho: Sure, but why?
Honami: Um... I was hoping to do some rhythm training with you...
Shiho: Oh, okay... Then how about we get there three hours ahead of time?
Honami: Huh?! Really?! Are you sure?!
Shiho: Yes, it's valuable practice. I want to do it right too, you know?
Honami: S-Something about that gives me a bad feeling... But thank you so much, Shiho!
Shiho: Sure, no problem.


3 1057:areatalk_monthly2106_003

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, MEIKO)

Honami: That concludes our astronomy lecture for today. Thank you very much for listening.
MEIKO: Thank you, Honami! I learned quite a lot!
MEIKO: I've actually been meaning to learn more about stars and why you chose leo as part of your band name!
Honami: I'm glad I could help then. There was quite a lot I wanted to discuss too, but I was worried about how understandable I was...
Ichika: You were? I thought your lecture was pretty easy to follow.
MEIKO: Really?! I wish Shiho and Saki could've been here...
Ichika: I have you covered there. Saki asked me to record your lecture on my phone.
MEIKO: Oh, she really did. It looks nice too!
Honami: Haha. I look so worried about being filmed. I even broke the fourth wall a few times...
Ichika: I thought you did just fine. I managed to get Professor Honami and Honami the shy girl both at once.
MEIKO: Exactly! I'm sure Shiho and Saki will love seeing this!


4 1061:areatalk_ev_band_04_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Saki: Ichi♪ Are you free after practice today?
Ichika: Huh? Sure, is something going on?
Saki: Hehe. There's this hairstyle that I've been wanting to try out, but I just can't get it the way I like when I do it by myself...
Saki: So I was wondering if I could practice with your hair, Ichi♪ Pretty please?
Ichika: Sure, go ahead. What sort of hairstyle did you have in mind?
Saki: Heh heh heh. It's called the bubble braid!
Ichika: Uh, Saki, sorry... There's actually something I need to do...
Saki: Huh? Ichi, wait! I know it's a really goofy name, but I swear, it's a real hairdo! I'm not just trying to mess with your hair, honest!


5 1062:areatalk_ev_band_04_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: Saki, have your lunches gotten bigger lately?
Saki: I've actually been waking up pretty early to make all this! I even make lunches for my dad and my brother♪
Honami: I never knew that! They must be so proud of you, right?
Saki: Yeah! It was all waterworks too the first time I handed them their lunches!
Honami: Hehe. I can see why.
Saki: But I don't know that many recipes, so it usually just ends up being mostly the same stuff. Like omelets, stir-fry and...
Honami: In that case, why don't you try preparing them a little differently each time? Even with stir fry, you could have the same recipe but a few variations of it.
Saki: A few?! Th-That's amazing! Hona, teach me your ways!
Honami: Yes, I'd be glad to!


6 1064:areatalk_ev_band_04_004

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Honami: Saki, you seem awfully happy today. Did something good happen?
Saki: Oh, you noticed?
Saki: I'm making a wish about us becoming pros, but I have to stay on this white line the whole way until we get to the studio!
Shiho: Didn't you do the exact same thing that time we went to the candy store when we were little?
Shiho: So that you'd win a prize from whatever you picked out or something?
Ichika: Hehe. I remember that too.
Saki: Yeah, and I remember actually winning something!
Saki: That's why I thought the same thing would happen if I.... No!! There's a car parked in my way!
Honami: Oh, we're almost at the studio too. I'm not sure you'll be able to stay on your line if you wish to keep going...
Saki: B-But! What about us becoming pros?!
Shiho: I seriously doubt something like this will put that in jeopardy.
Ichika: Wait, Saki, you're safe as long as your feet don't touch anywhere else, right?
Ichika: Why don't you ride piggyback on me? That way, you'll be able to go around this car.
Saki: I-Ichi...! Thank you so much!
Shiho: There she goes again, spoiling Saki... *Sigh*... Ichika, give me your guitar case. I'll carry it for you.
Honami: And you like going along with what they do, don't you, Shiho?
Shiho: It's not what you think. I just don't want anyone getting hurt needlessly.
Honami: Hehe. If you say so.


7 1065:areatalk_ev_band_04_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Rin)

Rin: I got to play Sakki's synth last time, so I think I'll try Hona's drums today♪
Rin: But I really wanna play the guitar and bass too...!
Rin: I can't choose! If only I had like ten arms, then I'd be able to play them all at once!


8 1066:areatalk_ev_band_04_006

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Hey, Sakki! Have you ever had bubble tea before? It was in one of the magazines you lent me.
Saki: Of course! Every place has different kinds of tapioca too, so it's fun to do taste tests and stuff...♪
Rin: Really?! That does sound fun. Now I wanna try some...
Saki: Then, wanna get some after practice today? You can tag along if you're in your hologram form, right?
Rin: Yeah, but are you sure?!
Saki: Of course! There's a bunch of different toppings too, so you should pick out what you want! We can boba it up here after we get them♪
Rin: Yeah! Let's boba this place up...♪
Saki & Rin: Hahaha♪


9 1067:areatalk_ev_band_04_007

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Miku-P, let's do a session together♪
Miku (Ln): Okay, sure.
Miku (Ln): By the way, Rin... Do you plan on calling me that forever?
Rin: Yeah, of course☆ Don't you think it's cute too?
Miku (Ln): Cute, huh...?
Rin: Uh oh. What's wrong? Do you not like it?
Miku (Ln): I don't dislike it, but it may be that I'm just not used to being called that...
Rin: Wait, that's it?! Then I'll just have to keep calling you by your nickname until you do get used to it♪ Miku-P♪
Miku (Ln): Oh, uh... Okay.
Miku (Ln): (Haha. That definitely could've gone better...)


