1 2042:areatalk_ev_shuffle_39_001

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

An: Hey, Kusanagi. What are you reading?
Nene: Huh? Oh... This is a reference book for a famous movie called “Fight Tour”.
Akito: I've seen that movie before. It's the one about how everyone onboard a spaceship slowly goes insane, right?
Akito: The story got so complicated towards the end that I couldn't really follow what was happening.
Nene: I felt the same way... That's why this book's really nice. It tells you all about the details that weren't mentioned in the movie.
Akito: Wait, really? Then, can you tell me more about the last scene?
Nene: So, the protagonist is all alone on the ship when...
An: Wait, stop!!! No spoilers! I really wanna see this movie now!
Akito: Why...? It's pretty old, and it's not like you're watching it right this second.
An: But it isn't fair that you two get to have all the fun! I don't wanna be left out of this conversation!
An: So c'mon, give me until tomorrow! Let's talk more about this movie after I've had a chance to watch it...!
Nene: Hehe. Okay... I'll hold off until then.


2 2043:areatalk_ev_shuffle_39_002

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Nene Kusanagi)

An: Hey, Kusanagi! Are you free after school today?
An: Some of us from class are going to a karaoke place, and I was wondering if you'd wanna come with us!
Nene: Karaoke...
An: Oh, you don't have to if you're not up for it! This is sort of a personal thing. I really wanna hear you sing is all!
Nene: Th-Thanks...
Nene: Umm... Then, maybe for just a little bit...
An: Wait, you're coming?! Awesome...! Thank you so much! I really appreciate it!
Nene: Still, uh... I'm not very good at creating good vibes or anything...
An: Leave that to me! You're my guest, so I'll give you all the support I can! We're gonna have so much fun!
Nene: *Nod*


3 2044:areatalk_ev_shuffle_39_003

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: *Sigh* What do I do?
Akito: What's wrong? You don't look so good...
Nene: Oh, my lunch plans are sorta ruined now because the school store just ran out of bread...
Akito: Ah, okay... The early birds must've beaten you to it.
Akito: In that case, take this.
Nene: Wait, are you sure...?
Akito: I just happened to buy a little too much today. Also, I couldn't just leave you hanging.
Nene: Th-Thanks... I promise to pay you back later.
Akito: Don't worry about that, it's no big deal. Anyway, later.


4 2045:areatalk_ev_shuffle_39_004

[Main Street]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: Wait, you won another plushie? What did you get this time? A cat...?
An: Haha. It's even got a big overcoat on. That's so cute!
Toya: Yes, but I'm afraid I won't be able to give this one to either of you... I plan to take it home with me.
Akito: Uh, that's not why I asked...
An: But that means you got it because you liked it a lot, right? You usually don't care much about the plushies you win.
Toya: I decided to try and win it after seeing how well made this cat's clothes were.
An: Its clothes...? Hey, you're right! The coat's got a lining and everything...!
Toya: I've started noticing these kinds of things after getting to practice sewing for the arts festival.
Toya: Which means I'll be able to enjoy arcades from a whole new perspective from now on.
Akito: That's great and all, but try not to win too much stuff from those machines, okay...?


5 2046:areatalk_ev_shuffle_39_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Kagamine Len)

Nene: What...? You've already finished watching that movie DVD I lent you?
Len (WxS): Yeah, I couldn't help it...! The scene where the hero chases after the evil wizard while riding a dragon was so cool! I watched that part over and over again!
Nene: Yeah, I know what you mean. I also really like that scene.
Nene: On top of having amazing effects, this film's really well written. They also apparently put a ton of effort into the music and cinematography.
Nene: They even did an amazing job of sucking you into their world by coming up with sounds for all those imaginary creatures...
Nene: You become so immersed that you start believing everything's real. Also...
Len (WxS): Hehe. You must really love this film, Nene!
Nene: Huh? Oh, sorry... I didn't mean to get so carried away...
Len (WxS): No, that's okay! It's fun to talk about our favorite films! Please, tell me more!


