1 2012:areatalk_ev_band_15_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Honami, I brought over some oil for maintenance. My manager recommended this when I asked about what to use.
Honami: Thank you! I can finally give my bass pedal the lubrication it deserves...
Honami: It started squeaking a while back, but I wasn't sure which type of oil is best to use.
Shiho: That means you practiced with it just that much.
Shiho: Way to go, Honami.
Honami: Hehe. Thank you, Shiho... But now that I'm a pro, I need to keep improving...
Honami: So, I'll use this to practice even more and get even better!


2 2013:areatalk_ev_band_15_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Saki, everyone's been talking about that band you like lately.
Saki: ...! Yeah, I know!
Saki: They really went viral after they started uploading those dance videos to TrickTrick!
Ichika: Yeah, and they've been appearing on TV too. I just saw them featured on Princess's Breakfast last week.
Saki: Oh, I saw that too!
Saki: It's funny how they can be kinda spacey on talk shows, since their performances and the feel of their songs are so cool.
Shiho: Huh, really? That's kinda surprising... I wish I could've seen that.
Saki: Heh heh heh...! You're in luck, Shiho! I made sure to record the whole thing!
Saki: So, let's all watch it together sometime! They also talked about what happened right after they debuted, so we could learn a lot!
Shiho: Then, let's do that... I am genuinely interested after what you two just said.
Saki: Yay! Okay, then let's gather tomorrow after school!


3 2014:areatalk_ev_band_15_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Now, since this is our first interview... Please tell us about how you ended up forming your band!
Saki: Starting with you, Honami Mochizuki! What made you want to play the drums?
Honami: Oh, so... I started playing the drums because...
Shiho: Honami, you don't have to play along. I mean, why are we suddenly practicing giving interviews anyway?
Ichika: Saki was talking about this really cool interview she saw in a music magazine she bought.
Saki: Yup! I mean, how cool would it be to actually get to say...
Saki: “What's our message? The feelings that matter most are right there in the song. It seems kinda lame to say it out loud, you know?” Or something like that!
Ichika: Yeah, I get what you mean... But I feel like you'd want to give a full explanation, Saki.
Saki: N-No, I wouldn't!
Honami: Hehe. Then, Saki! How did you go about making your latest song?
Saki: What? Uhh... Well, I imbued it with the feeling that seemed to matter most...
Saki: But my main goal was to write a song that could give everyone who listens to it a nice boost of energy! Also, also...!
Shiho: Ha, see?


4 2015:areatalk_ev_band_15_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Shiho: You wanna try playing my bass?
Rin (Ln): Yeah! I love the way you play your bass because it has such a zing to it, you know?!
Rin (Ln): Hearing you play made me want to give it a try♪
Shiho: I mean, I don't mind...
Shiho: Then, I guess I should probably make the strap a little shorter for you. Just gimme a sec to adjust it.
Rin (Ln): (Shih's so nice when it comes to these things...)
Rin (Ln): Hehe. Thanks, Shih♪
Shiho: ...? Sure thing...
Shiho: (The way she's grinning... Is she looking forward to playing my bass that much?)


5 2016:areatalk_ev_band_15_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (Ln): Hona, are you free right now?!
Honami: Yes, I just started taking my break. How can I help you?
Rin (Ln): I'm looking for a good place to hide! Len, Luka and I are playing a game of hide and seek right now!
Rin (Ln): So, please let me hide behind you!
Honami: Wait, you want to hide behind me? Are you sure? Won't they see you...?
Rin (Ln): I'll be fine! Your drum kit should be just big enough to hide me!
Rin (Ln): Please, Hona, you're my only hope!
Honami: O-Okay. I'll do my best to keep you hidden!


6 2047:areatalk_monthly2311_001

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Kagamine Len)

Ichika: Oh, Len. Would you like to have this pick?
Len (Ln): Your pick? Wow, it's red with gold engravings. That's so cool. Where'd you get this?
Ichika: It was included in this magazine I bought, but it unfortunately isn't the thickness I like.
Len (Ln): I see. It feels okay to me. Can I try using it...?
Ichika: Sure. I'd like to hear you play something as well.
Len (Ln): Alright, then I'll be sure to play something good. Here we go!


7 2048:areatalk_monthly2311_002

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (Ln): Saki? What are you watching? You have such a serious look on your face.
Saki: I'm watching a makeup video! This streamer I really like just uploaded a new one!
Saki: I've learned so much from them too! They introduce all the latest cosmetics, and how to do your makeup depending on the season and stuff♪
Miku (Ln): Really...? Oh, that look uses a lot of classy colors. It kinda has a more mature feel to it.
Saki: I know, right?! I don't think anything like that would suit me right now, but I bet they'd look great on you since you're super cool, Miku!
Miku (Ln): Oh, you think so...?
Saki: Yeah! I know! I brought my makeup bag with me, so let's test out my theory!
Miku (Ln): Well, I do kind of want to see what happens...
Saki: You got it! Sit here and I'll get started right away♪


8 2049:areatalk_monthly2311_003

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Megurine Luka)

Saki: Yo, ho, ho... Oh no...! Darn it! I was so close to getting a hundred!
Luka (Ln): Oh, Saki... Were you juggling that ball with your tennis racket just now?
Saki: Oh! Hi, Luka! Hehe. You got me...
Saki: I was taking a little break from practicing by doing some soft tennis drills because we have a practice match coming up soon...!
Luka (Ln): Ah, I see. Then, I'm sorry for interrupting.
Saki: No, that's totally okay! Actually, Luka, since you're here, wanna join me...?!
Saki: It's a little tricky at first, but really fun once you get the hang of it!
Luka (Ln): Hehe. In that case, I might just join you.
Saki: Yay! Then, lemme start with the basics!


9 2050:areatalk_monthly2311_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Megurine Luka)

Luka (Ln): Honami, you've been a second-year for a little while now. How's school been going for you?
Honami: Oh, it's been very fun.
Honami: The first-years on my committee have been asking me so many questions lately. And it's so cute how they pay close attention whenever I teach them anything about what we do...
Luka (Ln): Hehe. Your juniors seem to have taken quite a liking to you. And I can see why considering how reliable and trustworthy you are.
Honami: I am? I think you're giving me too much credit...
Honami: But I do enjoy talking to them. I was actually a little nervous about how things would go with them at first...
Luka (Ln): Hehe. I think I know what you mean. I remember feeling so happy the first time Miku and others came over to talk to me.
Luka (Ln): So, let's do what we can to become the best seniors we can be.
Honami: Yes! Let's both keep doing our best!


10 2051:areatalk_monthly2311_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Len)

Shiho: Len, I brought over that sheet music you asked for the other day. The ones for my dad's band.
Len (Ln): Oh, Shiho, thanks a ton! I've been waiting for these.
Shiho: Unfortunately, these are the ones he used for practice, so they're sort of in tatters. They might be a little hard to read...
Len (Ln): Whoa, you're right. He must've used these a lot... But I'm even more excited now since their age makes them kinda special.
Len (Ln): Oh, I know... I kinda wanna try playing these right now. Wanna jam with me for a bit?
Shiho: Huh?
Shiho: (Me playing one of dad's songs...? Why do I feel so embarrassed by that thought...?)
Shiho: (But we did used to play a lot of stuff together when I was little. That was always really fun...)
Shiho: Okay... How about we play this first one?
Len (Ln): Sounds good! Alright, let's start playing right away!


