1 2679:areatalk_ev_idol_22_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Wow, look! So many people are commenting on the official Lumina Grand Prix stream!
Airi: Lemme see... Oh, they're having dance practice in the rehearsal room.
Haruka: It looks like they're taking requests and performing different routines. I can see why everyone's so excited.
Shizuku: You can tell that they want their fans to enjoy themselves.
Airi: We can't let them hog all the glory!
Haruka: In that case, why don't we spice things up by singing? It could also be fun to take requests like them.
Shizuku: Yes, I think that's a wonderful idea.
Minori: Alright, let's do our best to make the stream really fun!


2 2680:areatalk_ev_idol_22_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: The training camp is basically going to be streamed nonstop, so we need to be careful not to let our guard down.
Minori: I know you'll be fine, Haruka! I mean, your idol aura's on full display 365 days a year.
Haruka: Hehe. Thanks.
Haruka: But I am a little worried about there being cameras in the cafeteria and break spaces.
Haruka: We wouldn't want to broach any private topics because we feel that we're in a safe place to talk.
Minori: Right...! Then, let's talk about that stuff as much as we can now!


3 2681:areatalk_ev_idol_22_003

[Stage SEKAI - Flower Field]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, KAITO)

Minori: I'm starting to get used to eating and practicing with the other idols at the training camp!
KAITO (MMJ): That's wonderful! It sounds like you've been making quite a few friends.
KAITO (MMJ): Advancing in the grand prix is obviously important, but this is also a rare opportunity to do things with other idols.
KAITO (MMJ): You have a chance to learn quite a lot from them, including how they think and what they do for their fans...
Minori: Right! I plan to absorb as much as I can from them!
KAITO (MMJ): Good. I'm excited to see how you'll all grow!


4 2682:areatalk_ev_idol_22_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: I was staggered by the sheer number of cameras they'd set up around the training camp, but they began to come in handy after I got used to them.
Shizuku: Being able to see which groups are doing what and where is very nice. Also, it helps to know how full the rehearsal room and meeting rooms are.
Airi: But those cameras aren't always helpful.
Airi: When I tried to relax and have some snacks that I'd just bought, everyone started asking how they tasted. That was really embarrassing.
Shizuku: Oh, I think the viewers were just happy about seeing you in such a blissful state.


5 2683:areatalk_ev_idol_22_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO, KAITO)

Miku (MMJ): Minori and the others seem to be working hard again at the training camp today!
KAITO (MMJ): They said that they'd come up with some good ideas to make the program more fun, so I hope those are working.
MEIKO (MMJ): Me too. But still... I'd be so nervous if I knew that I was being constantly watched by others.
KAITO (MMJ): I just hope that they get to feel refreshed during their excursions away from the training camp...
Miku (MMJ): Then, let's make it so they can really relax whenever they come to visit SEKAI!
MEIKO (MMJ): That's an excellent idea! How would inviting them to teatime sound?
KAITO (MMJ): Hehe. I'm sure they'd like that.


