1 2669:areatalk_ev_wonder_21_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: ArcLand's workshop has given us a firsthand taste of why these world-class professionals are so beloved.
Nene: Yeah, I feel like rewatching all their old works now...
Nene: I've actually already gone back and watched a bunch of Natalia Santi's movies.
Tsukasa: Hahaha! I know exactly what you mean! I watched several of Glen Barkin's movies!
Rui: It does seem like a good opportunity to rewatch old classics.
Emu: Oh, I know! We should have a party where we watch all the teachers' best stuff!
Emu: I'm sure Miku and the others would wanna join us, and it'd be so much fun if we watched them all together!
Rui: Yes, I agree. I'll bring some of Tom Gray's classics.
Tsukasa: Let's bring food and drinks as well, and make it a real party!


2 2670:areatalk_ev_wonder_21_002

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: Rui, what's that you're looking at?
Rui: An album of photos of me when I was little.
Rui: ArcLand's workshop got me thinking about myself from back then. So, I decided to get this out.
Nene: I see. Oh, I'm in a few of them.
Rui: Yes, this was when that frog made you cry because it startled you so much.
Rui: I also remember this one very well. You're smiling here, but you dropped your ice cream the next moment, and...
Nene: Quit reminiscing about me...!


3 2671:areatalk_ev_wonder_21_003

[Wonderland SEKAI - Harbor]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Humhumm♪
Rui: Oh, you're humming a nice tune there. Is it the theme song for “Dance Floor”?
Emu: Wow, you know it?! We're learning it for the workshop♪
Emu: I also really love this song too! It just gets me so excited.
Rui: Hehe. If I recall, that's a dance from Elio Sakurai's musicals. “Sunny Street”, yes?
Emu: That's amazing! You know that off the top of your head?!
Emu: Then, next question! You might have a little more trouble getting this one!
Rui: (Our conversation's suddenly turned into a quiz...)


4 2672:areatalk_ev_wonder_21_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Megurine Luka)

Luka (WxS): Even when you're busy, you should always get proper sleep. Don't push yourself too hard, okay?
Rui: I know, but I always seem to forget whenever I'm working on something.
Rui: Still, even if I can't find the time to get a good night's rest, it might be good for me to take naps when I can. Like you, Luka.
Luka (WxS): Yes, short naps can help recharge your batteries.
Luka (WxS): Just close your eyes for a little bit, and you'll be dreaming...right... Zzz...
Rui: I see. If I want to use my time more efficiently, then I'll want to learn how to fall asleep quickly like her.


5 2673:areatalk_ev_wonder_21_005

[Music Shop]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: Aha, here! It's this CD!
Tsukasa: Oh, it's a collection of ArcLand's theme songs!
Tsukasa: We hear them every time we go to the workshop, and it's hard to get them out of your head.
Nene: I know, right? It's pretty amazing how the three of us all ended up wanting to buy the same CD.
Emu: Oh, wait! Make that four!
Emu: Rui just sent a message asking us to also buy him a copy of this ArcLand CD if we're over at the CD shop!
Tsukasa: They've got us all hooked! What a formidable place ArcLand is...!


6 2689:areatalk_monthly2507_001

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Kanade Yoisaki)

Nene: Huh...? That person shopping over there looks like Yoisaki.
Kanade: Excuse me... Sir, can you help me...? Hello...?!
Kanade: *Sigh* I can't get their attention...
Nene: Excuse me, sir!
Kanade: Huh? Oh, he finally noticed me... Thank you, Kusanagi.
Nene: Hehe. It is hard to get them to notice when they're this busy.
Kanade: True, thanks. Your voice really carried there. That was awesome.


