1 2052:areatalk_ev_sanrio_001

[Puroland SEKAI]

Hello Kitty: This is a strange place we've ended up in. Were you startled when we first got here, Purin?
Pompompurin: Not really. Actually, I just thought we were in Puroland!
Pompompurin: But when I couldn't find my basket in the house I went, “Huuuuh?”
Hello Kitty: I see. Do you have trouble sleeping outside of your basket, Purin?
Pompompurin: Not at all♪ I like sleeping in the same place as all my friends like we're havin' a slumber party! It's so much fun!
Pompompurin: Hehe. Tonight, Pochacco and I are gonna sleep in the flower field while gazing at the stars♪
Hello Kitty: My, that sounds lovely! I hope you get to see lots of beautiful stars.


2 2053:areatalk_ev_sanrio_002

[Puroland SEKAI]

My Melody: Kitty! Would you like a cookie?
Hello Kitty: Oh, thank you!
Hello Kitty: It looks so delicious, like it was baked just right! Did you make these, Melody?
My Melody: Yes, but there were some idols who were kind enough to help.
My Melody: Now they're making tea just over there♪ Would you like to join us, Kitty?
Hello Kitty: I'd like to, but we've never met before. Don't you think they'd be startled if I suddenly showed up?
My Melody: Yes, they probably would. They were very surprised to see me for the first time.
My Melody: But then they said they were so happy to meet me♡ So, I'm sure they'll be happy to meet you too♪
Hello Kitty: You think so? Then I suppose I'll just have to take a seat at your tea party!


3 2054:areatalk_ev_sanrio_003

[Puroland SEKAI]

Hello Kitty: Where are you off to today, Pochacco?
Pochacco: Hehe. I'm goin' to my secret flower field.
Hello Kitty: Secret flower field?! Wow, tell me more!
Pochacco: Sure thing!
Pochacco: Oh, I have an idea! Why don't you come with me? It's a lot more fun to go with friends!
Hello Kitty: Really? You don't mind? Okay then, I'll pack us handmade sandwiches as thanks!
Pochacco: Sandwiches?! Yeah! Now it's a picnic!
Hello Kitty: Hehe. What kind of sandwich would you like, Pochacco? I'll make it as best I can.
Pochacco: Really?! Hmmm, maybe ham? Or egg? Hahaha, I don't know which to pick!


4 2055:areatalk_ev_sanrio_004

[Puroland SEKAI]

Cinnamoroll: Kitty, will you play with me?
Hello Kitty: I'm sorry, Cinnamon. I have plans with Miku and the others.
Cinnamoroll: Oh, really?
Hello Kitty: Yes. We're going to have a fashion show at Lady Kitty House.
Cinnamoroll: Wow! That sounds fun♪ Hey, Kitty. Do you think there are clothes there that would look good on me?
Hello Kitty: Of course there are! You should join us♪
Cinnamoroll: Okay! Teehee♪ I wanna surprise everyone with a super cool outfit!


5 2056:areatalk_ev_sanrio_005

[Puroland SEKAI]

Hello Kitty: Hello, Kuromi!
KUROMI: Oh, it's you. Don't expect me to play nice like everyone else around here, Kitty.
KUROMI: I'm busy tryin' to relax over here! Go away.
Hello Kitty: Aw, that's too bad. I just thought since there's so many cute clothes in Lady Kitty House, we could have a fashion show with everyone...
KUROMI: (C-Cute clothes?! Fashion show?!)
KUROMI: Ohhh nooo! I relaxed too much and now I'm feeling sleepy!
KUROMI: But if I go to sleep now I'll have trouble sleeping tonight! Maybe I'll join you just to shake off the tiredness.
Hello Kitty: Really?! Thank you, Kuromi! I knew you'd want to join in!
KUROMI: I told you, it's just to wake me up! Hurry up and come on before I change my mind.


6 2057:areatalk_ev_sanrio_006

[Puroland SEKAI]

Pompompurin: Let's play the staring game! First to laugh loses! Ready, set, go!
My Melody: Pffft!
Pompompurin: Pffft!
My Melody: Pffft♪
Pompompurin: Ahaha! You smiled Melody— Wait...!
My Melody: You laughed, Purin, so you lose♪
My Melody: What did you think? That was my “Make Purin Laugh by Smiling” plan♪
Pompompurin: Wow! I never played like that before. That was fun!
My Melody: Yaaay♪ Okay, how about this time we play the smiling game? We both make a smiley face, and the first to laugh loses!
Pompompurin: Okay! I won't lose this time!


7 2058:areatalk_ev_sanrio_007

[Puroland SEKAI]

Pochacco: Purin, have you explored this whole “SEKAI” place yet?
Pompompurin: Not yet! There's just so many fun things here! Every time I find a new spot, I end up playing there all day!
Pochacco: Haha, same here!
Pochacco: Oh, I know! Do you wanna explore together today?
Pompompurin: Wow! That sounds so fun! Well, first we need a name for our adventuring party!
Pochacco: A name, huh? Hmmm...
Pochacco: Oh! Since we're both dogs, how 'bout “the Rovers”?
Pompompurin: Whoa! You're so smart, Pochacco! You came up with that so fast!
Pompompurin: Now let's begin the Rovers' first expedition to find lots of super fun stuff!
Pochacco & Pompompurin: Bow-wow-wow!


8 2059:areatalk_ev_sanrio_008

[Puroland SEKAI]

Cinnamoroll: Hehe. Hey, Purin, I realized something really funny.
Pompompurin: Something funny?
Cinnamoroll: Uh-huh! Do you wanna know what it is?
Pompompurin: Hmmm, I am a little curious now. What is it, Cinnamon?
Cinnamoroll: Okay, here goes! I realized...
Cinnamoroll: We're the only ones with names that end in n♪
Pompompurin: Huh?
Pompompurin: Uhhh, Kitt-y, Melod-y, Kurom-i, Pochacc-o...
Pompompurin: Oh, you're right! That is funny!
Cinnamoroll: Isn't it?
Cinnamoroll & Pompompurin: Hahaha♪


9 2060:areatalk_ev_sanrio_009

[Puroland SEKAI]

Pompompurin: Ah! Kuromiii! Melody wants to talk to you.
KUROMI: Hmph!
Pompompurin: Whaaat? You're not gonna go talk to her?
KUROMI: Duh! If she really had something important to tell me, she would come find me herself.
KUROMI: Since she didn't, she was obviously just thinking, “I want to chat since the weather is so lovely today.” Or some other ridiculous nonsense like that.
Pompompurin: Hehe. That was a really good impression, Kuromi!
KUROMI: Ugh...
Pompompurin: Kuromi? What's wrong?
KUROMI: My impression was so spot on, I put myself in a bad mood...
Pompompurin: ...
KUROMI: Hey! Don't give me that look like you pity me!


10 2061:areatalk_ev_sanrio_010

[Puroland SEKAI]

My Melody: Pochacco, I need your help with something.
Pochacco: What is it?
My Melody: Well, I want to pick some strawberries, but I need a helper.
Pochacco: Strawberry picking?! That sounds so fun!
My Melody: Hehe. I'm very excited too♪ They look like really yummy strawberries, but we can't eat any, okay, Pochacco?
Pochacco: What?! Why not?
My Melody: I want to gather looots of strawberries, and have a strawberry juice party with everyone♪
My Melody: So, Pochacco, if I seem like I can't help but eat one of the strawberries, please stop me, okay?
Pochacco: That's why you need a helper? Then... Oh, I know!
Pochacco: I'll carry the basket! That way if you try to eat a strawberry, I'll just run away so you can't get any!
My Melody: Wooow! I could never catch up to you, Pochacco! Hehe, what a good plan♪
Pochacco: Right? Now let's go pick some strawberries!


11 2062:areatalk_ev_sanrio_011

[Puroland SEKAI]

My Melody: Hnnnn... Hnnnn...
Cinnamoroll: Melody, why are you flopping your ears around?
My Melody: Oh, Cinnamon. Thank goodness you're here♪ I want to see if I can fly using my ears.
My Melody: What can I do to float like you do, Cinnamon? Can you teach me?♪
Cinnamoroll: It's easy! Just flap your ears with all your might♪
Cinnamoroll: Right now your ears are going “flop flop”, but if you can make them go “flap flap” it'll probably work!
My Melody: Flap flap? Okay!
My Melody: Flap flap flap!
Cinnamoroll: Melody, your ears, not your arms.
My Melody: Huh? Okay, one more time! Flap flap f-lap! Huh? Huh?! Hnnn! Hnnnnnn!
Cinnamoroll: Melody... Did you forget how to move your ears?
My Melody: Teehee☆


12 2063:areatalk_ev_sanrio_012

[Puroland SEKAI]

My Melody: Look, look, Kuromi! Aren't these flowers so cute? I'm going to show them to Grandma when we get back to Mariland!
KUROMI: Hah? Miku and the others said we can't take anything back with us from here.
My Melody: What...?
My Melody: But— But that means—! All of the cookies I baked with Airi and the girls will disappear?
KUROMI: Yeah, they told us that already.
My Melody: Nooo! I wanted to bring them home as souvenirs.
KUROMI: That's the way the cookie crumbles, Melody. Oh, since they're gonna disappear anyway, why don't I eat them for ya?
My Melody: Does that mean...?! Hurray! Kuromi wants to have a tea party with me?
KUROMI: What? No, I'm just saying you should hand over the cookies—
My Melody: Hurraaay! A tea party with Kuromi♪ You know, I also made strawberry jam with Airi and the girls. Should we eat that too?
KUROMI: She's completely ignoring me... But I won't say no to snacks!
KUROMI: C'mon, My Mel! We're taking the cookies, tea and jam over to that tree. There's a stump there that'll make a nice table.
My Melody: Okaaay♪


13 2064:areatalk_ev_sanrio_013

[Puroland SEKAI]

Cinnamoroll: Pochacco, Pochacco, listen. Don't you think our best features are similar?
Pochacco: Yeah, I think so! We both have super soft ears...
Cinnamoroll: And we both have cute little tails to wag♪
Pochacco: Hang on. Those aren't just similar, they're the same!
Cinnamoroll: Oh yeah! Well let's try to think of what makes us different.
Pochacco: Okay! Different... Oh! I think these little hairs stickin' out of my head are pretty great!
Cinnamoroll: Yeah yeah♪ And I have... Um...
Cinnamoroll: Oh right! I have squishy squishy cushy cushy cheeks♪ How's that?
Pochacco: Yeah! I think that's unique to you!
Pochacco: Hey, Cinnamon, do you mind if I poke your cheeks a little?
Cinnamoroll: Hehe. Okay, just this once. Can I pet your hair?
Pochacco: Haha, go for it!


14 2065:areatalk_ev_sanrio_014

[Puroland SEKAI]

KUROMI: Humhumhumhuuum♪
Pochacco: Hi, Kuromi! What're you up to?
KUROMI: Huh? What does it look like? I'm writin' in my diary.
Pochacco: Ohhh. You're doing that here too?
KUROMI: Well, yeah. So much has happened since we got here, I have a lot of stuff to write about. I'm so happy I feel like shoutin' from the rooftops!
Pochacco: Haha. Yeah, it's been so fun playin' with Miku and the others, and talkin' with new friends like Toya!
KUROMI: Exactly! You get me, Pochacco!
KUROMI: By the way, this “Toya” guy you made friends with sounds like he has the same name as Ena's brother's friend.
Pochacco: Whoa, really?! Do you think they're the same person?
KUROMI: No way! It's a small world, but not that small!


15 2066:areatalk_ev_sanrio_015

[Puroland SEKAI]

Cinnamoroll: Kuromiii♪
KUROMI: If it isn't My Mel! Oh wait, it's you Cinnamon. Don't confuse me like that!
KUROMI: You're similar enough to My Mel already! Don't go talkin' to me with your voice all “Pwah pwah, hinyaaa!”
Cinnamoroll: Pwah pwah hinyaaa? Hehe, those are cute sounds!
Cinnamoroll: Pwah pwah hinyaaa♪
KUROMI: Hey! What did I just say?!
Cinnamoroll: Hehe♪ That was pretty cute, huh?
KUROMI: Hmph... Not even a little! So don't do it again!


16 2067:areatalk_ev_sanrio_016

[Puroland SEKAI]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Hello Kitty: Hello, Miku! Where are you headed?
Miku: I thought I'd go ask Cinnamon more about that cafe he was telling me about. How about you, Kitty?
Hello Kitty: I'm going to play music with Luka! She's going to sing while I play the piano.
Hello Kitty: Hehe. I've made so many new friends here thanks to you, Miku!
Miku: Me too! I'm having so much fun talking and playing with all of you here.
Miku: Rin and Len made fast friends with Purin and Pochacco. They've been running all over, exploring together.
Hello Kitty: I know! And I've had so much fun chatting with MEIKO and KAITO. I only wish there were more time in the day!
Miku: I feel the same! There's so many things I want to do with everyone. I just want to keep making more memories♪
Miku: By the way, would you like to spend some more time together tomorrow, Kitty? I want to hear more about your family and that boyfriend of yours!
Hello Kitty: You want to talk about Daniel? I may get a bit bashful, but I'd be happy to tell you about him!
Miku: Hehe. I'll see you tomorrow then!
Hello Kitty: Great!


17 2068:areatalk_ev_sanrio_017

[Puroland SEKAI]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Miku: Kitty, you play piano, right? What kinds of songs do you like to play?
Hello Kitty: Let me think... Well, no matter what song I learn, it's so much fun practicing little by little till I'm able to play it. So I just love all songs I guess♪
Miku: Wow. So you enjoy working hard at things till you succeed?
Hello Kitty: Yes! When I think of how great it feels to play a song well, it makes me want to practice harder!
Miku: That's so cool!
Miku: Hey, Kitty. Would you let me listen to you play?
Hello Kitty: Of course♪
Hello Kitty: In that case, why don't you sing along to my accompaniment, Miku?
Miku: Really?! That'd be great! I'll sing my heart out!


18 2069:areatalk_ev_sanrio_018

[Puroland SEKAI]

(Character: Saki Tenma)

Saki: Oh, Purin, you have the softest, squishiest belly...
Saki: Ah! Sorry! I've just been rubbing your belly this whole time...
Pompompurin: It's okaaay! It feels really nice getting belly scratchies!
Pompompurin: But listen, Saki, the truth is...
Saki: Y-Yeah? What is it?
Pompompurin: The truth is, my head and my ears are just as soft♪ So I'd like some scratchies there too please!
Saki: Really?! I can pet you?!
Saki: Hehehe... Here goes then! Scritch scritch scritch!
Pompompurin: Waaaa...
Saki & Pompompurin: Sooo nice!


19 2070:areatalk_ev_sanrio_019

[Puroland SEKAI]

(Character: Saki Tenma)

Pompompurin: Saki, Saki! I always want people to give me scratchies, but sometimes I think, “I wanna give someone scratchies too♪”
Saki: Huh? You mean you'll give me scratchies?!
Pompompurin: Uh-huh♪ Oh, but I'm not sure how good I can do. I'm an expert at getting scratchies... But giving scratchies...?
Saki: Don't worry! Your paws are soft and fluffy! There's no way you can fail with those!
Pompompurin: Really? Hehe, okay then. Here come the scratchies! Scritch scritch. Scritch scritch.
Saki: Ahhh... Bliss...


20 2071:areatalk_ev_sanrio_020

[Puroland SEKAI]

(Character: Airi Momoi)

My Melody: Airi! How can I be more productive at doing things like you are?
Airi: Huh? You want to be more productive?
My Melody: Yeah. I want to be a capable lady.
Airi: Well... If you want to get good at cooking, for example, you should work at memorizing recipes and techniques.
My Melody: Memorizing?
Airi: Yes. You have to remember things like what kind of ingredients to use, how to prepare them in what order, when to make use of seasonings...
My Melody: Hmmm... Would it be bad if I wrote the answers on my arm instead?
Airi: Not necessarily, but will that make you the capable lady you really want to be?
My Melody: Probably not... Okay! I'll try and see how it goes!
Airi: Great! If you have any trouble, feel free to ask me for help!


21 2072:areatalk_ev_sanrio_021

[Puroland SEKAI]

(Character: Airi Momoi)

My Melody: I want to get off this balloon now.
Airi: Really? Hot-air balloons seem so relaxing. Unless... Are you afraid of heights?
My Melody: No. It's very fun to ride, but... I want to be held!
Airi: Oh, so that's your reason.
Airi: Then why not come down when you want me to carry you?
My Melody: *Gasp* That's a very good idea!
My Melody: Airi! Oh, Airi! I'm coming down now!
Airi: Yes, yes, I'll hold you. You're just too cute to resist.


22 2073:areatalk_ev_sanrio_022

[Puroland SEKAI]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi)

Pochacco: Toya! Wanna skateboard together?
Toya: I appreciate your invitation, but unfortunately I have no skateboarding experience to speak of.
Pochacco: Haha, don't worry about that! I'll teach ya if you want!
Toya: You will?
Toya: Thank you, Pochacco. I was just thinking I'd like to give it a try. It'd be great if you could coach me.
Pochacco: *Gasp* Me?! A coach?!
Pochacco: You got it, Toya! I'll do my absolute best so you can learn to love skateboarding too!


23 2074:areatalk_ev_sanrio_023

[Puroland SEKAI]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi)

Pochacco: Whoa! So you learned about me at Puroland by seeing me in a show and as a claw machine plushie?!
Pochacco: Oh yeah! That plushie had info about me on the tag, right? What'd it say?
Toya: I believe it said you were “curious and clumsy.”
Pochacco: Huh? Clumsy? Hmm, I don't think that's true...
Pochacco: What else did it say? Was there anything nice?
Toya: Yes. It said you have lots of friends.
Pochacco: That's right! I'm pretty good at making new friends! That's why I'm close with all of you guys already!
Toya: That's true. You even showed us your secret flower field.
Pochacco: Haha. Let's talk some more and become even better friends!
Toya: All right. How about I share a secret with you this time?
Pochacco: Whoa! R-Really?!
Toya: Of course. You shared your special field with me after all.
Pochacco: Waaaa! I wonder what kinda secret it could be! I'm so excited!


24 2075:areatalk_ev_sanrio_024

[Puroland SEKAI]

(Character: Emu Otori)

Emu: Cinnamon! Want some candy?
Cinnamoroll: Yum! Candy♪
Emu: Here you go☆
Cinnamoroll: Thank you, Emu! Yum yum yum!
Cinnamoroll: It's so nummy♪ Squishy squishy...
Emu: Why are you squishing your cheeks, Cinnamon?
Cinnamoroll: Hehehe. I think it'll taste even nummier if I do this♪
Emu: Really?! Lemme try♪
Emu & Cinnamoroll: Squishy squishy squishy!


25 2076:areatalk_ev_sanrio_025

[Puroland SEKAI]

(Character: Emu Otori)

Cinnamoroll: It's so warm and sunny, I'm getting a little sleepy. *Yawn*
Emu: We've played a lot today. Do you wanna take a little nap?
Cinnamoroll: Uh-huh... Emu, can I sleep in your lap?
Emu: Go ahead!
Cinnamoroll: Yaaay♪ *Yawn* Nighty night...
Emu: Hehehe. Cinnamon's just like Luka right now!
Cinnamoroll: Luka...? Is that...?
Emu: She's always asking MEIKO if she can use her lap as a pillow while she naps nice and soundly♪
Cinnamoroll: Oh, really?
Cinnamoroll: (I thought she meant the Luka that was with Miku and the others, but maybe it's a different Luka?)
Cinnamoroll: *Yawn* Thinking can wait. Now I sleep... *Mumble*


26 2077:areatalk_ev_sanrio_026

[Puroland SEKAI]

(Character: Ena Shinonome)

KUROMI: Hey, Ena! Show me how to pose for cute selfies!
Ena: Okay! A simple way is to tilt your head a little to the side, and rest your cheek on your hand like this.
KUROMI: *Gasp*
Ena: Then shift your gaze upward a bit like—
KUROMI: Ahhhhh!
Ena: What? Why are you screaming?
KUROMI: Oh, sorry. Just remembered someone I'd rather not think about... Go ahead, continue.


27 2078:areatalk_ev_sanrio_027

[Puroland SEKAI]

(Character: Ena Shinonome)

KUROMI: Ena! Show me the picture of me you colored at Puroland again!
Ena: Okay. Here you go.
KUROMI: Yes! Ahhh, I love it more every time I look at it.
Ena: Since you seem to like it so much, I could print you a copy if you want.
KUROMI: *Gasp* Y-You'd do that?!
Ena: Sure, it's really no trouble. But...
Ena: This SEKAI came from a fragment of a feeling, right? It's possible the drawing I give you might disappear along with it...
KUROMI: I'm taking it home with me!
KUROMI: They'd have to pry it away from me before I'd leave that drawing behind! I'm gonna treasure it forever!
Ena: In that case, I'll put it in a nice frame for you.
KUROMI: Really?! You're so thoughtful, Ena! I can't wait!


