1 2116:areatalk_ev_shuffle_41_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Still, Shiho, bumping into you right after my shift ended feels like such a lucky coincidence♪
Shiho: You're just getting off work? Can I ask what you do?
Mizuki: I'm a clerk at an apparel shop! We carry lots and lots of cute clothes and outfits♪
Mizuki: Not only do I get to learn about the latest fashion trends while being surrounded by adorable clothes, I get paid to do so! How cool is that?!
Shiho: Yeah, I think I get what you mean...
Shiho: Working at a live house means I'm constantly surrounded by music. That makes it pretty fun, and I also get to learn about new bands and stuff.
Mizuki: Oh, your job also involves your passion?! Sounds like we have a lot in common♪
Mizuki: By the way, Shiho, what are you doing after this...?
Shiho: Me? I was thinking about buying some sheet music at the CD shop...
Mizuki: Really? I was just thinking about checking out some of the shops on that street!
Mizuki: Why don't we walk together for a bit? I wanna keep chatting since I think it'll be really fun!
Shiho: Yeah, sure...
Mizuki: Awesome! Then, let's head that way♪


2 2117:areatalk_ev_shuffle_41_002

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: *Sigh* I wish I got to meet your sister, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Really? You wanna meet my sister that much?
Ena: I mean... Kanade and Mafuyu got to, but I didn't. So, I'm a little curious is all.
Ena: Actually, Mafuyu, what was she like?
Mafuyu: We didn't talk for very long, so I don't really know...
Mafuyu: But she seemed a little like Mizuki.
Mizuki: Oh, really?
Ena: Like Mizuki? In what way...?
Mafuyu: She was cheerful and talkative... But I didn't dislike it.
Mizuki: Oh... Hehe. That's good to hear!


3 2118:areatalk_ev_shuffle_41_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Mizuki Akiyama)

Shizuku, Mizuki & Shiho: Oh...
Shizuku: Shii, what a coincidence...! Are you on your way to practice?
Shiho: Yeah, I am... You said you were going shopping with a friend. I didn't realize that was Mizuki.
Shizuku: Yes, we just went to a new handicrafts shop together! We also talked quite a lot about you, Shii♪
Mizuki: Hehe. I'll be borrowing your sister for a little while longer♪
Shiho: That's fine and all, but... She didn't tell you anything weird, did she?
Mizuki: Not at all! She told me all about how cute and hardworking you are!
Shiho: *Sigh*
Shizuku: But it's all true! Ever since you were little, you've been a cute and hardworking girl. Not only that...
Shiho: A-Alright, that's enough from you...!
Mizuki: Haha! You two are so close.


4 2119:areatalk_ev_shuffle_41_004

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Now that we've bought everything we need to maintain our instruments, wanna head out...?
Honami: Okay. Oh, wait... We still have a little time before our studio reservation.
Saki: Then, can we check out some shops together?! There's one I've been wanting to visit♪
Ichika: Oh, what kind of shop?
Saki: They carry all sorts of decor that look like instruments! I've been wanting to go together since Shiho and I found it when we went to check out the New Year's sales!
Shiho: Oh, that place? They even had some obscure instruments.
Saki: They did! You were so happy when you saw that they had bass keychains instead of just guitars, Shiho.
Shiho: I don't think I was that happy.
Shiho: Still, it might be worth a look... They had some things that I think Ichika and Honami will really like. Plus, we don't wanna cause the studio any trouble by arriving too early.
Saki: Yay♪
Honami: Hehe. I'm looking forward to seeing what they have.


5 2120:areatalk_ev_shuffle_41_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Rin (Ln): Like... This...! And throw in a cool flick here☆
MEIKO (Ln): Wow, that's a big sheet of paper. It's taking up four desks.
Len (Ln): Yeah, we tried putting a bunch of sheets together.
Len (Ln): Doing calligraphy while sitting was fun and all, but we wanted to go more all out.
Rin (Ln): Yeah, MEIKO, look! Check out what I wrote☆
MEIKO (Ln): Haha. It's full of so much vigor. I can tell that a lot of energy went into it.
MEIKO (Ln): I also really like the stars you drew around these characters. It's like your signature, Rin.
Rin (Ln): Hehe. I know, right☆
Len (Ln): Yeah, adding in pictures is a pretty good idea. I might try drawing a guitar.
MEIKO (Ln): That sounds fun. I think I'll make myself a big sheet and draw something on it too.


6 2121:areatalk_monthly2312_001

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

Rin (Ln): Hey, listen! I just realized something amazing!
MEIKO (Ln): Something amazing?
Rin (Ln): For example, say there's two nights left until New Year's. That means we have to sleep twice.
Rin (Ln): But if you don't sleep one night, then that means there's only one night left. Do it twice and it means New Year's is right now! How cool is that?!
KAITO (Ln): Which means pulling two all-nighters. That sounds pretty taxing...
Len (Ln): More importantly, saying a day goes away if you don't sleep is just nonsense.
Rin (Ln): Heehee. It's called “logical thinking”.
Len (Ln): Alright, fine. Let's put your theory to the test.
Rin (Ln): Test?
MEIKO (Ln): We'll do an experiment to test if what you're saying is right, Rin. You won't sleep for the next two days in order to see if it feels like one day to you.
KAITO (Ln): Actually, we may not be able to call it a proper experiment since it's going to come down to her perception...
Rin (Ln): Wait, that means I get to stay up late! Alright, you're on! Test me all you like♪
Len (Ln): She might actually succeed based on her current energy level.


