1 1752:areatalk_monthly2306_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Emu: Asahinaaa♪ Goood morning☆
Mafuyu: Good morning, Otori. You seem awfully happy. Did something good happen?
Emu: Hehe. So, I didn't have to stop at a single light this morning on my way to school!
Mafuyu: Not one? That's remarkable.
Emu: Heh heh heh. It means the girl you see in front of you has super-duper-ultra-deluxe luck today!
Emu: Which means, Asahina, since you ran into me today, you're also going to have an extra lucky day!
Mafuyu: Hehe. I am? Then, I'll do okay on any pop quizzes I may be given today?
Emu: Yup! You might even be able to pass them with your eyes closed!
Mafuyu: With my eyes closed...? I'm not sure any amount of luck could help with that...


2 1756:areatalk_ev_shuffle_33_001

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: We're back to business as usual. I'm already feeling nostalgic about everything we did during the school trip.
Rui: Oh? I feel that there's never a dull moment when it comes to you, Tsukasa. Does this mean you're in search of some new thrills?
Tsukasa: Not one bit. There's no need for you to worry. Also, you're the reason behind most of the things that happen to me.
Rui: I can't deny that.
Tsukasa: By the way, have you been talking with the people who were in your group since then...?
Rui: Hehe. Yes, of course. No need for you to worry on that front.


3 1757:areatalk_ev_shuffle_33_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Airi: Hi, Asahina! How's it going?
Mafuyu: Momoi, Hinomori, hello. Are you two about to have lunch?
Shizuku: Yes, that's right. Are you as well, Asahina? If so, would you like to join us?
Mafuyu: Thank you for the invitation. I happily accept.
Airi: Great! I was hoping that we'd get a chance to chat more.
Mafuyu: You were? Thank you. But I'm not sure how much I can bring to the table.
Airi: We can just shoot the breeze. Maybe you nearly overslept the other day, or were given a pop quiz...
Mafuyu: Oh, actually... We just had a pop quiz during English. The grammar questions were a little difficult...
Shizuku: Really...? We have the same teacher, so our class may also be given one.
Mafuyu: I still remember all the questions... Would you like me to tell you?
Airi: That wouldn't be fair to anyone else... How about a broad overview of what we should know?
Shizuku: She's right. Our studies are our individual responsibility.
Mafuyu: Hehe. That's very admirable of you both. In that case, it broadly covered...


4 1758:areatalk_ev_shuffle_33_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Ah, this street seems correct. The sewing lounge should be just up ahead.
Shizuku: Thank you very much. I'm so glad I ran into you, Kamishiro. I wasn't sure what to do after they took down the sign I always looked for...
Shizuku: Oh, that reminds me... Mizuki once gave me directions to this sewing lounge.
Rui: Mizuki did?
Shizuku: Yes, we ended up sewing together after bumping into each other along the way.
Shizuku: I always feel so terrible at being bad with directions, but that actually gave us a chance to get to know each other better...
Shizuku: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to dominate the conversation.
Rui: No, that's okay... I think I understand what you're trying to say, Hinomori.
Rui: I've had plenty of experiences where I was able to get to know my friends and acquaintances better because they were there at the right time to help.
Shizuku: Oh, that's so wonderful! Hehe. We may have more in common than we initially realized. I hope we can chat again sometime.
Rui: Yes, I'd like that as well.


5 1759:areatalk_ev_shuffle_33_004

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Tsukasa Tenma, Mafuyu Asahina)

Airi: *Sigh* Shizuku always gets lost and disappears the second you take your eyes off her!
Airi: Thanks for helping me look for her, you guys. I'm glad we bumped into each other, but I'm also really sorry...
Tsukasa: Nonsense! I'm always happy to lend a helping hand! Even more so since this is Shizuku we're talking about!
Mafuyu: I agree. I'm worried as well.
Airi: Thanks, you two... If only she'd respond to my messages. That'd make it so much easier to find her...
Airi: Wait, she's calling! Hello? Where are you right now?
Tsukasa: Oh, she's trying to reach you herself for a change! Good for her!
Mafuyu: Hehe. I knew that she wasn't great with electronics, but I did hear recently that she's gotten better at searching for things online and using map apps.
Tsukasa: Wh-What?! She can do those now?! She's grown so much..!
Airi: Thanks for waiting! You gotta hear this! She was comforting a little girl who got lost and managed to find her mother. She said she's on her way over now.
Tsukasa: Ah, so Shizuku wasn't lost after all!
Airi: Tenma, Asahina... Thank you both so much for helping me look for her.
Tsukasa & Mafuyu: You're welcome.


6 1760:areatalk_ev_shuffle_33_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Len)

Len: Hey, Rui, what are your new friends like?
Len: Remind me... There's Miyake and...
Rui: Miyake, Hayashi and Taniyama. Miyake in particular likes fun gadgets and seems to have taken an interest in the drones I fly at school.
Rui: I learn new things every time I speak to Hayashi because of his knowledge of trivia.
Rui: Lastly, Taniyama is a big fan of movies and anime. He has some specialized knowledge of filmmaking and even recommended a few interesting works to me.
Len: Hehe. You seem to be really getting along with them!
Rui: I'm also surprised that I've been able to get to know them like this so quickly.
Len: Really?! What about Nene and the others? Didn't you guys become friends pretty fast?
Rui: I'm not sure we can compare apples to oranges.
Rui: I believe I was able to become friends with them for the very reason that I am the person I am now. The person who has become friends with Nene, Tsukasa and Emu.
Len: I see...! That means you might start making lots and lots more new friends in the future!
Rui: Oh... Hehe. That'd be nice.


