1 1121:areatalk_ev_shuffle_11_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Shii, since we both brought lunch today, would you like to join me...
Shiho: Sorry, can't.
Shizuku: Nooo! But you said that I could ask you anytime the other day...!
Shiho: That was then... Besides, I already promised someone else today.
Shizuku: Then, would it be okay if I joined you?
Shiho: No, maybe next time. Bye.
Shizuku: No, wait! Shii, please...!


2 1122:areatalk_ev_shuffle_11_002

[Music Shop]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, here. This CD's by that band you like, isn't it, Shii?
Shiho: I would've found it on my own, you know...?
Shizuku: Hehe. But finding things for each other makes shopping much more fun, don't you think?
Shizuku: Oh, this CD's even on display in the sampling corner. I'd like to give it a listen but...
Shiho: What is it?
Shizuku: But you can only listen to it using the store's headphones, right? If only we could use a pair of earbuds, then we could...
Shiho: There's no way I'm splitting earbuds with you like that.


3 1123:areatalk_ev_shuffle_11_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: I've noticed that you often carry around a thermos, Hinomori. What do you usually put in it? Tea? Sports drinks?
Shizuku: I'll fill it with tea during the summer, but I usually put miso soup in it during the winter.
Mafuyu: M-Miso soup...?
Shizuku: Yes, it's so delicious! It's healthy too, so it's the perfect pick-me-up for when I'm tired!
Mafuyu: I've never heard of anyone hydrating with miso soup before... But it might actually be a good way to replace any salt that's lost through sweating.
Shizuku: Asahina...!
Shizuku: You understand...! Airi's about the only other person who's been able to see how beneficial it is.
Mafuyu: It's still a little unusual, but it also suits you so I don't see anything wrong with doing that, Hinomori.


4 1124:areatalk_ev_shuffle_11_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shizuku Hinomori)

Saki: Shiho sometimes tells us about these idols that we've never heard of before!
Ichika: That's true... What do you and Shiho usually talk about, Shizuku?
Shizuku: That really only comes up on occasion. But when I tell her that certain idols are genuinely great singers, she'll try listening to their music.
Saki: Wow, really?! So that's why Shiho knows so much about idols!
Shizuku: Hehe. She even told me about some artists she recommends.
Honami: Conversations do seem that much more fun when you get to talk about the things you truly love most.
Shizuku: Hehe. That's so true.
Shizuku: Oh, also. If you don't mind, I'd like to hear about some of your favorite artists as well.
Ichika: Oh, I'd love to know about some idols and artists you like too.
Saki: Me too!
Shizuku: Then, why don't we find some time to set aside and have a nice, long chat.


5 1125:areatalk_ev_shuffle_11_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Miku (Ln): I heard from Saki that your mother's a koto instructor, Shiho. Does that mean you can play the koto too?
Shiho: Only a little bit. It's also been a while since I last played one, so I really don't remember much anymore.
Luka: But that's still very wonderful. I'd love to hear you play one sometime, Shiho.
Shiho: I don't mind but...
Shiho: If I'm gonna do that, I'd really prefer it if I played it well, you know?
Luka: Hehe. And we'd expect nothing less from you, Shiho.
Miku (Ln): Very true.


6 1126:areatalk_ev_shuffle_11_006

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

MEIKO: It's incredible how gracefully you can dance, Shizuku.
Miku (MMJ): Your posture is so elegant too. It's hard not to be captivated by you♪
Shizuku: Really? That's so kind of you to say that.
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm sure it's all because of Airi's special training regimen.
MEIKO: Special training?
Shizuku: Yes, I practiced quite a lot when I was still an idol trainee.
Shizuku: Airi was there to teach me all the basics, so it's safe to assume that she's the reason I'm able to do this today.
MEIKO: I didn't know that... Hehe. You two were close from the moment you met, I see.


7 1127:areatalk_ev_shuffle_11_007

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Hehe. I'm so happy that we get to have lunch like this together, Haruka, Shiho.
Haruka: Oh, Hinomori, that reminds me. It seemed like Shizuku was looking forward to having lunch with you today. Will she be okay?
Shiho: She'll be fine. We always have dinner together anyway.
Minori: But isn't eating together at home way different from eating together at school?
Minori: Oh, I know! Why don't we invite Shizuku and...?
Shiho: Kiritani, why don't the two of us move over there?
Minori: Nooo!
Shiho: I'm kidding...
Shiho: I mean, I promised you two that we'd have lunch together, so I didn't want to break that.
Shiho: I'll make sure to keep Shizuku in the loop by letting her know what we talked about and stuff during dinner.
Haruka: Hehe. Okay. To be fair, I've been waiting for a chance to sit down and chat with you. Sorry, Shizuku, she's ours for now.
Minori: Yeah! So let's get started!


8 1128:areatalk_ev_shuffle_11_008

[Main Street]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Oh, Shiho! What a coincidence!
Shiho: Huh? Shizuku said that you were all going out together today. Hold on, does this mean that she...
Airi: Yeah, she's lost somewhere. She even just sent us a message saying that she's running late.
Shiho: Well, at least she let you know...
Haruka: But oddly enough, she sent a Thank You stamp right after that.
Minori: Hmm... If only she knew how to use her map or GPS...
Airi: Hey, I tried teaching her to absolutely no avail. She just runs around in circles just trying to figure out which direction to face.
Shiho: Geez...
Haruka: Then why don't we just call her? That's probably our best option at this point.
Airi: Yeah, let's do that.
Shiho: I'm so sorry about all this...
Airi: Hehe. It's all good! Just leave her to us!


9 1144:areatalk_monthly2109_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi)

An: It's been so long since we last went out shopping together like this. Where do you wanna start?
Haruka: I'm thinking clothes. It'd be nice to start looking at outfits for next season.
An: Clothes...? Oh, there's this place I like that sort of specializes in more down-to-earth stuff. Wanna check it out?
Haruka: Down-to-earth? That's a bit surprising coming from you, An...
An: Haha. It's not like I'm all street fashion all the time, you know?
An: Anyway, it's this place I really just came across by chance. It'll be nice to look at earth tones and some loose-fitting clothes for a change!
Haruka: I agree. I can't say they're a regular part of my wardrobe, so it'll be nice to try some on.
An: Great! Let's head over there now!


10 1184:areatalk_monthly2110_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi)

Saki: Oh! Hi, Airi!
Airi: Hi, Tenma. As peppy as ever, I see!
Saki: Yeah, I feel great! Oh, also! I saw your stream the other day!
Saki: I loved that chat you had about what all of you usually eat! It was really surprising to hear that your family is more Japanese-cuisine oriented!
Airi: Hehe. Yeah, in that sense, you'd expect that Shizuku's family would be the most traditional, but they apparently enjoy having a mix of things.
Saki: Oh, I know what you mean. Shiho really loves Salisbury steak more than anything else!
Airi: Yeah, I bet there's a bit of a split in terms of what everybody likes. What about your family?
Saki: What?! M-My family?!
Saki: Uh... My big brother eats a lot, so it's not really a matter of cuisine. He wants good sources of stamina, like barbeque beef or ginger pork, you know?
Airi: That's so interesting! I guess every household really has its own style.


11 1186:areatalk_monthly2110_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, Shii, Honami! Are you headed for band practice?
Shiho: Yeah... Wait, why are you latching onto me? Didn't I tell you to not do that when we're in public...?
Honami: Hehe. You two are so close.
Shiho: No, this is all her.
Shiho: Please, let go of me. Don't you have dance practice or something today?
Shizuku: Oh, you're right... I can't be late for that, so I should get going.
Shizuku: We'll meet again for the Cleanup Committee, won't we, Honami? Please tell me more about Shii then.
Honami: Of course, ask away.
Shiho: Um, I've been wondering about this for a while now... But what do you two talk about when you meet for your committee...?
Honami: Oh, not much. I tell her about the advice you give me during practice and how you've been such a good teacher.
Shiho: I wasn't too worried since you're more tactful than most people, and I guess there's no harm in telling her that...


