1 1781:areatalk_ev_street_14_001

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: Kohane, thanks for coming! Sorry I dragged you into shopping with me like this.
Kohane: No, I've actually been wanting to get some new clothes. Still...
Kohane: I-Is it really okay for me to be here? I don't want to get in trouble...
An: Don't worry! You just gotta act like you belong here.
An: Imagine that it's our third event. Or that time you gave Uncle Taiga a piece of your mind!
Kohane: Um, this isn't exactly that kind of situation...


2 1782:areatalk_ev_street_14_002

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: For lattes, almond milk and extra caramel sauce... For soy lattes, honey and cinnamon powder on top... And...
Akito: What are you mumbling about...?
Kohane: Oh, so... You know how we won't be able to get coffee at Weekend Garage for a while?
Kohane: I'm writing down my usual customizations to see if MEIKO can make them for me at her place.
Akito: Oh, okay. So, how many different orders are we talking about here...?
Kohane: Let's see. Fifteen or so.
Akito: Fifteen?! When did you get up to that many...?
Kohane: Hehe. They sort of just added up over time as I experimented...
Kohane: (I hope this doesn't cause MEIKO too much trouble. It'd be nice to have these here.)


3 1783:areatalk_ev_street_14_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: We won't be able to have coffee at Weekend Garage for a little while.
Toya: Yes. As happy as I am that Ken agreed to watch us practice, I can't help but feel somewhat sad.
Toya: On the bright side, I was able to buy some of the beans for my usual blend.
Kohane: Oh, that's right! You can just brew some yourself whenever you like!
Toya: Yes... I'm sure I won't be able to do what Ken does, but I should be able to enjoy something similar.
Toya: I plan on asking MEIKO or KAITO to watch as I brew some the next time I go over.
Kohane: I see! Then, can I go with you?
Toya: Of course. It'll be nice to have a taster there who's actually had Ken's coffee before.
Kohane: Really? Then, I'll be happy to help.


4 1784:areatalk_ev_street_14_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

An: I'm excited to practice with Dad, but I'm also a little nervous...
An: Now that I think about it, I don't really know what Dad looks like when he puts his musician face on...
Kohane: Really? Didn't he watch you practice? And you've seen him perform live, right?
An: Yeah, but I honestly can't remember ever seeing him practice.
Akito: I'm guessing his practices were a little intense for small children.
Toya: Probably... RADder was good enough to get an offer from a label overseas. They probably did a lot of work behind the scenes to reach that level.
An: What if we're on the path now that he was on back then...?
Kohane: We might be...
Akito: Either way, we're not gonna stop until we put on an event that surpasses RAD WEEKEND, right?
An: Right! I dunno what he's gonna throw at us, but we just gotta do our best!
Kohane & Toya: Yeah! Yes!


5 1785:areatalk_ev_street_14_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Len: An and the others sounded so excited when they came over to practice just now.
Miku (VBS): Probably because they know what they want to do moving forward, and what they need to do.
MEIKO: You mean becoming better singers and convincing their friends to return...?
Miku (VBS): Other things may crop up along the way, but that seems to be their new starting point.
Len: I guess surpassing a night as legendary as that one isn't gonna be easy, huh...?
MEIKO: Especially since Nagi spent what little time she had left making it happen. That makes it something very special.
Miku (VBS): That's what made it into the event An and Akito have been dreaming of surpassing, and that dream even managed to pull in Kohane and Toya.
MEIKO: Right.
Len: That means we gotta keep giving them all the support we possibly can!


