1 1637:areatalk_ev_wonder_12_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: Humhummhumhumm♪ Oh...!
Rui: Hello, Nene. You seem awfully happy.
Tsukasa: I just saw you walk out of the arcade. Did they add some new games or machines...?
Nene: Oh, um... I got a higher score than I was expecting on this dance game that I don't usually play.
Nene: Until recently, I kept getting exhausted towards the end of the song, but I've somehow learned to keep dancing until the end... I guess it's because I have more stamina now.
Rui: Yes, since we have been doing much more strenuous exercises than usual while practicing with everyone from the Phoenix Stage.
Rui: I'm sure your stamina has increased, but I have a feeling that the strength exercises are also helping you move better.
Tsukasa: Ah, then I'd like to have a crack at this game as well! It'll be a nice way to see if our training is working.
Tsukasa: Nene, can you show me where it is? Also, what was your score?
Nene: You want to battle? I did say I don't usually play this game, but there's no way a novice like you could beat my score.
Tsukasa: We won't know until I try! So, let's go!
Rui: Hehe. This should be interesting.


2 1638:areatalk_ev_wonder_12_002

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Asahi, Seiryuin and Mr. Amami... So many wonderful actors, with many more out there.
Tsukasa: If we were to include everyone from abroad, that list would become absolutely massive...
Tsukasa: And to become a star... To outshine all of them means putting in more effort than anyone else.
Rui: I agree.
Rui: Above all else, they have much more experience since they've likely played countless different roles.
Tsukasa: Yes, I see... I've still only played a countable number of roles.
Tsukasa: Hm? Wait...
Tsukasa: If I play as many different roles as there are stars in the sky... Wouldn't that make me the universal actor instead of a star actor?
Rui: It doesn't quite work as a metaphor, but I understand what you're trying to say.
Rui: (Also, I firmly believe that you will become a true star.)


3 1639:areatalk_ev_wonder_12_003

[Music Shop]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Ah, here it is! “The Greatest Actors”!
Rui: Let's see. “An album comprised of songs from musicals featuring renowned actors, including Seiichi Amami”...
Nene: Oh, I have that one. They've released like three volumes in the series now, right?
Emu: Wow! They've released three of these?! Which do you recommend, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: The third one! It includes songs from the show that Mr. Amami was in when he performed abroad for the first time! I cry every time I listen to it!
Emu: Okay! Volume three... Volume three... Huh...?
Nene: I'm not seeing it...
Rui: Me neither...
Tsukasa: What?! Wait, they don't even have the second one here! They should be keeping at least a hundred copies of each in stock!
Nene: To be fair, compared to the other CDs they have here, these are meant for a fairly niche audience...
Rui: No, there's a chance that they're out of them since he just performed here the other day...
Tsukasa: Grr... So be it. Then, Emu, Rui, I shall let you both borrow my CDs! Listen to them as much as you like!
Emu: Cool! I can't wait☆


4 1640:areatalk_ev_wonder_12_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, MEIKO)

Emu: You can do it, Nene...! The next one's the last one!
Nene: Hnng...! Gah...! Huff... Huff... F-Finally... Three sets...
MEIKO: Oh, are you two doing some strength training?
Emu: Yup! We were told that you need to have good legs and hips to put on shows!
MEIKO: That's very true! The more muscles and stamina the merrier, I say♪
Emu: Oh, speaking of which, Rui said before that we could put on a really amazing show if we all got big and muscly!
Nene: Oh, are you talking about performing acrobatic stunts using wires and stuff? Yeah, he did say that you need a strong core to be able to do all that...
Nene: But I personally want to increase my stamina instead of gaining more muscle. That should allow me to really commit to my role.
Emu: Oh, okay! Then, let's get steely staminized!
Nene: S-Staminized?
MEIKO: Oh, I like that! Steely staminized! Yeah♪
Emu: Steely ☆ staminized♪ Oh yeah☆ C'mon, Nene! You too!
Nene: What?! Where'd this dance come from? You're not getting me to do it!


5 1641:areatalk_ev_wonder_12_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, MEIKO)

Tsukasa: Hm? MEIKO? You seem concerned. Is something wrong?
MEIKO: So, Miku and the others are playing hide and seek, but asked me for some help because they can't seem to find the last person.
Tsukasa: That's not good. So, who's still missing?
MEIKO: Luka...
Tsukasa: Ah... I can see why you're all having so much trouble...
MEIKO: *Sigh* She must be taking a nap somewhere...
Tsukasa: I agree. Why don't I lend you a hand?
MEIKO: Thank you. Miku and the others were getting very worried, so I'd like to find her as soon as possible.
Tsukasa: Not a problem! I'll find Luka and put smiles back on all their faces!
MEIKO: That'd be lovely! I'll be counting on you, Tsukasa!


6 1719:areatalk_monthly2304_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Spinny-spinny-spinny-spin and... Stop!
Rin: Miku, did you see my super-spinny turn?!
Miku (WxS): Yeah, that was amazing☆ You stayed as straight as an arrow and your eyes aren't spinning at all!
Miku (WxS): I have nothing else to teach you... Therefore, Rin, by the powers vested in me, I hereby bestow upon you the title of “Super-Spinny Turn Master”!
Rin: Really...?! Hehe. I'm so happy☆
Rin: Oh, since you've become a master of it, we should go all spinny-spin-spin during a show together.
Miku (WxS): Wow, that sounds really fun☆
Miku (WxS): Then, let's go ask KAITO to see if we can put on a show where we get to do lots of that!
Rin: Yeah! Let's go♪


