1 2644:areatalk_ev_street_21_001

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: People in New York really seem to like to stop and listen to singers practicing in alleyways.
Akito: We did manage to attract a small crowd again today.
Toya: It is nice to know that people enjoy the way we sing.
Kohane: Yeah, definitely...!
An: Then, let's do our best tomorrow to attract an even bigger crowd!
An: I'm talking really big! Like a hundred people!
Akito: Wait, that's not why we're practicing...


2 2645:areatalk_ev_street_21_002

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: So many people in the United States like to record shows on their phones. I couldn't believe it when I first noticed that.
Akito: Yeah, that kind of thing's not legal in Japan.
Kohane: Right. But it must be nice to be able to relive those performances whenever you like.
Akito: Then, why don't we try recording a video next time? Seems like most events let people do it.
Kohane: Oh, yeah... But I'm worried that it won't turn out very well... I might not be able to keep the camera steady.
Akito: That might end up becoming a good memory in itself.


3 2646:areatalk_ev_street_21_003

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: I realized just the other day that “nomi-no-ichi” and flea markets are the same thing.
Toya: “Nomi-no-ichi” is the direct Japanese translation for “flea market”, after all. Still, what makes you bring it up?
An: I looked up New York's flea markets online, and I found some articles that mentioned them. I connected the dots, and I feel like I know a really fun fact now!
Toya: Both terms are used in Japan, but quite a few people believe that they're different things like you did, Shiraishi.
Toya: Also, “flea” is commonly misinterpreted as “free” due to how the Japanese language works. Flea the bug, as opposed to the free in freedom.
An: Huh...?
An: (Come to think of it, I thought there was something off about the spelling...)


4 2647:areatalk_ev_street_21_004

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku)

Kohane: I was doing some research on American culture, and I discovered that certain gestures mean different things over here compared to back in Japan.
Miku (VBS): Interesting. Different how? Can you give an example?
Kohane: In Japan, people often wave others over with their palms turned down, right? Over here, that's commonly used to tell someone to go away.
An: Wait, it's the exact opposite?!
An: I use gestures a ton whenever I'm having trouble communicating my thoughts in English, so I better read up some more so I don't offend anyone!
Miku (VBS): Hehe. I'm sure people will understand you don't mean any harm when they see that you're doing your best to talk to them.
Miku (VBS): But it is also important to learn about and respect their culture.


5 2648:areatalk_ev_street_21_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO, KAITO)

Toya: Your chicken over rice was very good, MEIKO.
MEIKO (VBS): Thank you. I'm glad you enjoyed it so much.
KAITO (VBS): MEIKO's repertoire has been expanding very rapidly since you and the others keep discovering all these new dishes over in the United States, Toya.
KAITO (VBS): Everyone here has been really enjoying them, so please continue feeding us more information!
MEIKO (VBS): Everyone? You just want more food for yourself, don't you, KAITO?
KAITO (VBS): N-Not true. I just like seeing everyone smile...
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. If you say so. To be fair, learning all these new recipes has been very enjoyable.
Toya: Then, we'll let you know if we find more good dishes.


