1 1771:areatalk_ev_shuffle_34_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Airi & Mizuki: Oh...!
Airi: Hi, Mizuki! Were you about to go somewhere?
Mizuki: Yeah, I was just about to go around looking for this CD of anime songs I've been after...
Airi: Go around looking...? Oh, because every shop gives different freebies?
Mizuki: Exactly! I'm impressed, Airi! You really know your stuff!
Airi: Yeah, because it's sorta the same for idol CDs.
Airi: Mind if I tag along? I'm kinda curious to see what kind of freebies people would like.
Mizuki: Okay! Then, off to our first shop♪


2 1772:areatalk_ev_shuffle_34_002

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Huh...? Hey, Saki! You've got a ribbon in each hand. What's up?
Saki: Hi, Mizuki! I was just wondering which one I should get.
Saki: This reddish one seems better for day-to-day use since it sorta goes with my normal clothes... But I also wanna get this blue one because it's so pretty!
Mizuki: Ah, I see... If I were in your shoes, I'd probably go with the blue one just to try it on!
Mizuki: I always find it super fun to test out a color that isn't in my regular wardrobe!
Saki: Oh, I hadn't thought of it that way!
Saki: Then, okay! I'll get the blue one! Thanks for coming over to chat with me, Mizuki♪
Mizuki: No worries! You're welcome!


3 1773:areatalk_ev_shuffle_34_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Airi: Thanks for agreeing to help out at the cafe the other day, Mizuki.
Mizuki: It was my pleasure♪ Not only did I get to wear that adorable uniform, I'd been wanting to try working at a cafe for a little while! I had a lot of fun!
Minori: I'm really glad to hear that!
Minori: Oh, by the way my manager told me that you were such a great help and wished that you didn't have to leave.
Airi: Yeah, despite never having worked in food service before, you took orders like a pro and learned how to decorate all their sweets in a flash.
Minori: I know, right?! It took me so long and so many tries to get everything down. If anything, I want you to tell me your secret!
Mizuki: Oh, stop. You know praise won't get you anywhere with me.
Mizuki: (My original plans only involved buying that asset and wearing their uniform...)
Mizuki: (But I got to lend Airi and the others a hand when they really needed it. I'm so glad I decided to help...)


4 1774:areatalk_ev_shuffle_34_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Emu Otori)

Emu: Airi! Saki! I saw your show from the other day☆ It was super duper amazingly fun♪
Saki: I saw it too! I loved the part where you did the Happy Snacker so much that I made a short clip of it for myself♪
Emu: Oh, that reminds me! I saw some videos of other people copying you♪
Saki: Me too! There was this really adorable one of a mom and her toddler doing it together.
Airi: Oh, really? I had no idea. I haven't actually had a chance to look yet.
Saki: In that case, you should search by using #HappySnacker!
Airi: Wait, there's a hashtag?
Airi: Thanks for telling me! I'll take a look in a little bit!


5 1775:areatalk_ev_shuffle_34_005

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Emu Otori, Mizuki Akiyama)

Emu: Oh, that looks like Mizuki☆ Hellooo!
Mizuki: Hey, Emu! Haha. Looks like you're full of energy today too♪
Mizuki: I wish there were some way to share some of that energy of yours with Kanade and Ena.
Emu: What?! Did something happen to them?
Mizuki: Oh, no, sorry. That's not what I meant. Their lifestyles aren't exactly what you call normal or healthy is all...
Mizuki: Actually, Emu, where does all your energy come from?
Emu: Hmm... I eat a lot, sleep a lot and... Oh, I smile a lot☆
Emu: Smiling always fills my heart up with so much warmth and makes me want to try my best at whatever♪
Mizuki: Smiling, eh?! Yeah, I guess having a positive attitude is pretty important.
Mizuki: Then, I'll put a smile on for an entire day and try to make today a super happy day!


