1 2141:areatalk_ev_shuffle_42_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Haruka: Oh, Kohane, Aoyagi, hello. Are you having practice today?
Kohane: Yeah, we're just waiting for An and Shinonome to arrive. What are you up to, Haruka?
Haruka: Today's my day off, so I was thinking about heading to a cafe to read a book.
Toya: That sounds nice. May I ask what kind of book?
Haruka: A collection of cute short stories involving dogs, sparrows and many other animals. They've all made me smile and giggle so far.
Toya: It seems like a fun book. Can you tell us more?
Kohane: Yeah, tell us more about these stories!
Haruka: Sure. Oh, the cover's also really adorable. I just happen to have it on me now, so let me show you.


2 2142:areatalk_ev_shuffle_42_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Thanks for waiting, you two!
Airi: We actually just got here... Huh? That eye shadow you're wearing...
Ena: Yeah, it's by Colore Mi. I've been using it a lot lately.
Shizuku: It looks very good on you. Oh, you also matched it with your lip gloss.
Ena: Hehe. Can you tell? This is also one of theirs. The color and shine are so good that I don't even have to edit my selfies!
Airi: Okay, we get it. You really need to thank Kohane again for giving you those.
Ena: Yeah, I want to repay her somehow... Do you two know what sort of stuff she likes?
Airi: What she likes...? Singing, photography... That's about all I know.
Shizuku: Would you like me to ask Shii when I see her? She'll probably know since they're quite close and were in the same class together last year.
Ena: They were? If you could, I'd really appreciate it.


3 2143:areatalk_ev_shuffle_42_003

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Huh? Azusawa? What are you doing in a place like this?
Kohane: Oh, Ena! Hi. I have practice with An and the others today, and I'm waiting for them to arrive.
Kohane: Her dad's going to take us to the live house where we'll be practicing.
Ena: Oh, like one of those travel teams? Sounds like you guys have your hands full.
Kohane: A little... But it's fun when we're all together.
Ena: That's good to hear...
Ena: (I mean, Akito seems fully committed to this team, so I'm guessing they mesh well.)
Ena: Anyway, Azusawa, good luck. I'll be rooting for you!
Kohane: Thank you, Ena! I really appreciate it...!


4 2144:areatalk_ev_shuffle_42_004

[Main Street]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: (Hm? That looks like... Kiritani? But in disguise...?)
Haruka: Oh... Hello, Aoyagi. Are you also here to do some shopping?
Toya: Yes, I was on my way to the bookstore. More importantly, is it okay for you to be here? There's quite a lot of people...
Haruka: I appreciate the concern, but I should be fine.
Haruka: Only people I'm well acquainted with are usually able to see through my disguise.
Toya: True... However, even though I've seen you in disguise before, I still couldn't say for sure that it was you.
Toya: Still, I'm fascinated by how someone who moves with so much confidence on TV can just blend into a crowd of people like this.
Haruka: Hehe. I have been an idol for a good while now.
Haruka: You never know when a celebrity's hiding right under your nose. They could be eating at the same place as you or even sitting right next to you on the train.


5 2145:areatalk_ev_shuffle_42_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

KAITO (VBS): Oh, Kohane, would you like to have some of these chocolates?
Kohane: Are you sure? Well, if you don't mind...
Luka (VBS): Wait, KAITO, aren't those the ones from the cafe? Did you ask MEIKO for permission before taking them?
KAITO (VBS): Huh? Uhh...
Luka (VBS): You're awful. Guess what he was about to make you an accessory to, Kohane.
Kohane: A-An accessory?! To what?!
KAITO (VBS): That wasn't my plan. I mean, Luka, where did you get those financiers I see you holding...?
KAITO (VBS): Don't tell me. They're the ones MEIKO baked...
Luka (VBS): But they smelled so delicious... Haha...
KAITO (VBS): She's one to point fingers. Right, Kohane?
Kohane: Uhh... For now, why don't we start by going over to MEIKO's place?


