1 1721:areatalk_ev_shuffle_31_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

Saki: Haruka! Ichi! Sorry for the wait!
Haruka: Good work on classroom duty. Shall we go?
Ichika: Thanks for making time in your schedule, Haruka. It wasn't too much trouble, was it?
Haruka: Not at all. I always make sure to have some time off, so it wasn't too difficult to adjust.
Haruka: Besides, I should be the one thanking you two. Especially since you've agreed to accompany me shopping.
Haruka: Thank you, Ichika, Saki.
Saki: Oh my gosh! Your smile really is as bright as the sun, Haruka!
Ichika: Hehe. Well then, let's get going.
Saki & Haruka: Yeah♪ Yes.


2 1722:areatalk_ev_shuffle_31_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: (This little blue bird keychain souvenir is really cute...)
Nene: (And Hoshino got the same one too. Hehe, it feels nice having something matching with a friend.)
Nene: (Maybe, if an opportunity ever comes up... I should get something matching for me and Emu.)
Ichika: Sorry I'm late, Kusanagi!
Nene: Whoa! Oh, Hoshino.
Ichika: Sorry, did I surprise you?
Nene: N-No, it's okay. I was just thinking about something while looking at the keychain you got me.
Nene: I was thinking that Emu might like having matching items too.
Ichika: Yeah, I think she would. In that case, would you like to stop by the mall after our practice? I'm sure we can find something nice.
Nene: Huh? You mean today?! I don't know if I'd be able to give it to her without some sort of occasion...
Nene: (Hoshino really doesn't hesitate to take action at times like this. Kinda wish I could be like that.)


3 1723:areatalk_ev_shuffle_31_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Haruka! I got you a souvenir from the field trip! They're snacks from Chinatown!
Haruka: As for me, I got you these snacks from the Red Brick Center. Apparently these are the most popular.
Minori: Oooh! Thank you, Haruka! Now I can feel like I got to go there myself!
Minori: It would've been better if I actually got to go, though.
Haruka: If only there was more time...
Haruka: But thanks to your suggestion to exchange snacks, now I'll be able to have a taste of Chinatown too. So, thank you, Minori.
Minori: Hehehe, you're welcome. I'll share these with Kohane and Shiho!
Haruka: Sounds good. I'll share these with Ichika and Saki. Anyway, see you after school.


4 1724:areatalk_ev_shuffle_31_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (MMJ): So you and your group didn't go to Chinatown, right, Haruka?
Haruka: Right. It was a hard decision to make since it's a place Yokohama's known for.
Haruka: I even adjusted my diet so that it'd be my cheat day if we decided to go.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I forgot that you were on a diet... Is it hard at times like this?
Haruka: Not at all. It isn't as strict as what some athletes need to go through, so it's quite flexible.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I see...
Miku (MMJ): But holding back on what you want to eat seems hard. If it were me... I don't know if I'd be successful.
Haruka: It becomes much easier than you'd imagine if you're able to think of it as a way to help you give your fans the best performance you can.
Miku (MMJ): Oh... Hehe, you really are an idol, Haruka♪


5 1725:areatalk_ev_shuffle_31_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Rin: Hey, Miku! Len! Let's play the “Meowing Game”!
Miku (MMJ): The “Meowing Game”?
Rin: Yeah! Minori and the girls said they'll be playing it on their next stream♪
Rin: The rules are simple! Someone starts by chanting “meow meow”, and calls the next person by saying their name and “meow” after. Then we just keep this rhythm and repeat.
Len: I see. That does sound simple, but...
Rin: Okay, then I'll start♪ Meow meow, Miku meow♪
Miku (MMJ): Oh...! Meow meow, Len meow!
Len: ...! Meow meow, Rin meow.
Rin: Meow meow, Miku meow♪
Miku (MMJ): Meow meow, Len meow♪
Len: Hold on... If we don't change who we nominate, wouldn't we just keep going around in circles?
Rin: Meow?


