1 1129:areatalk_ev_band_05_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Saki: Oh no!! The bubble tea shop over there closed down!
Ichika: Oh, you're right. There's something posted on the shutters too.
Saki: No... I really liked that place too. They had this really big and squishy tapioca that was so good...
Ichika: Oh... Saki, it's okay. Look at what they posted here.
Saki: Huh...? Closed for renovations...? Wait, does that mean...?!
Ichika: Yes. Down towards the bottom, it says that they're becoming a doughnuts shop but keeping tapioca on their menu.
Saki: Thank goodness! I didn't what I was gonna do if they really closed down...
Ichika: I'm sure you would've figured something out.


2 1130:areatalk_ev_band_05_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Ichika: Honami, are you free after practice today? There's something I'd like to ask you.
Honami: Huh? Yes, I have time. Is something the matter?
Ichika: Well, it has to do with taking care of a dog...
Honami: Are you thinking about getting a puppy, Ichika?
Ichika: No, not us. My mom was asked by a friend to take care of their dog for a little while.
Ichika: She said that she's learned what she needs to about taking care of it from its owner, but I was wondering if there's anything I needed to know.
Honami: Hehe. That's so thoughtful, Ichika. I'd be happy to answer any questions that you might have.
Ichika: Thank you so much! So, about walking them...


3 1131:areatalk_ev_band_05_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: (Oh, it's Shiho... In line for a ramen shop?)
Shiho: Oh, Ichika...? Are you out shopping or something?
Ichika: No, I just got off work and was about to head home. Are you about to get lunch?
Shiho: Yeah. I'm on my lunch break.
Ichika: But there are so many people in line? Are you sure you have enough time?
Shiho: I do. This place has a good turnover rate so I should be inside in about five minutes.
Ichika: Really? Hmm... I'm getting hungry too, so maybe I'll join you.
Shiho: I don't see why not? By the way, this place is famous for having this extra-thick pork-bone broth that you can't get anywhere else.
Ichika: It's that thick? Then, I might just get that.


4 1132:areatalk_ev_band_05_004

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: It's been a while since we last went out shopping like this♪
Honami: Hehe. You seem to be really enjoying yourself, Saki.
Shiho: Let me remind you that we're not here to have fun. We're here to find sheet music for songs that we can add to our show repertoire.
Saki: I know! It's an important chance for us to find some...
Saki: Hey, look! Those star bracelets are so cute!
Shiho: There she goes...
Saki: Oh whoa! These are the same colors as our Phenny keychains! Let's buy these and wear them during our show!
Honami: Oh, we did discuss trying to find some matching items the other day.
Ichika: That's right. I could even attach it to my guitar case when we're not doing shows or anything.
Saki: How about it, Shiho? Oh, they have pink ones too. We could all get matching colors♪
Shiho: Pink? No way. Also, if you want to get them, make it quick. We're here to find sheet music, not jewelry...
Saki: Okay♪


5 1133:areatalk_ev_band_05_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: KAITO)

KAITO: The movies that the girls brought over should be in the AV room...
KAITO: MEIKO even said that she saw one with a band performing live and that it was an incredible show. I'd love to see it too, but...
KAITO: I have no idea which one it is. I'll have to ask everyone later about it...


6 1134:areatalk_ev_band_05_006

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, KAITO)

Ichika: KAITO, would you mind answering a question for me?
KAITO: You want to ask me...?
Ichika: Yes. The first time I saw you play, KAITO, it felt like my heart was being pulled into your sound...
Ichika: What do we need to do as a band to do that?
KAITO: I'm not sure there's a right answer. Everybody improves in different ways...
KAITO: But it may just come down to listening to a lot of music, understanding what you want everyone to feel and figuring out how to actually do that...
Ichika: Understanding what we want everyone to feel and figuring out how to actually do that...?
Ichika: Yes, I see. Us not being able to sound the way we imagine and not knowing how to really express ourselves may also be part of the problem...
Ichika: Thank you, KAITO. I'll start by listening to some more music.
KAITO: Okay. Good luck...


7 1135:areatalk_ev_band_05_007

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

Rin: Miku-P, KAITO! Let's do a musical relay☆
Miku (Ln): A musical relay?
Rin: Yeah☆ We play fun and happy phrases one at a time and try to tie them together♪
KAITO: In succession...? That does sound interesting.
Miku (Ln): Okay, I'll bite. While we're at it, why don't we record our little session so we can listen to it later?
Rin: Great idea, Miku-P! Haha! I can't wait to hear how it turns out☆


8 1136:areatalk_ev_band_05_008

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

Luka: Oh, KAITO, are you looking for something?
KAITO: My pick. I dropped it while I was playing something...
MEIKO: Haha! You must've really been rocking out to something for that to happen, no? 
KAITO: I do every so often...
Luka: Now I'm curious as to what you were playing.
MEIKO: Me too!
MEIKO: If you help you find your pick, KAITO, would you mind playing that song for us?
KAITO: Sure, I don't mind...
MEIKO: Alright, let's start looking! Picky, where are you?


9 1187:areatalk_monthly2110_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Miku (Ln): This SEKAI's become so lively with all these new additions. Although, one is a bit of a handful...
Rin's Voice (Rin): Yay! Are you there, Miku-P?
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Right on cue...
Rin: Hm? Were you giggling just now, Miku-P? What's going on? Tell me!
Miku (Ln): It's nothing. I thought you were busy with something.
Rin: Teehee☆ That's right! Luka and MEIKO said they want to do a session together♪
Miku (Ln): Okay, be right there!


10 1188:areatalk_monthly2110_006

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Megurine Luka, KAITO)

KAITO: Luka, you've been watching the girls since before they got their band back together, right? Is it true that they were really uncomfortable with each other then?
Luka: Hehe. I suppose that would be scarcely believable considering the way they are now.
Luka: But it is true. They were very distant and uncomfortable with each other when they first started coming over here.
KAITO: I see...
Luka: However, they were able to face themselves and discover their true feelings in the end.
Luka: They're an incredibly strong bunch.
KAITO: Yes, I can tell... It's as if they want to be together wherever possible and maintain the bond they've forged...
KAITO: I'm really looking forward to seeing how their performances evolve moving forward...


11 1189:areatalk_monthly2110_007

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

Rin: Hey, KAITO! I came to chat☆
KAITO: I really don't have much to talk about...
Rin: Aww, don't be like that. I have lots to tell you♪ Such as...
Rin: Ta-daa☆ Sheet music for the song the girls are gonna start practicing♪
KAITO: Oh, you're here to talk about music...
Rin: Hehe. I thought you'd like that, KAITO☆
Rin: Let's see what this song's like by playing some of it together♪
KAITO: Sure, I'd like to see as well...
Rin: Yay☆ Thanks a million, KAITO!


12 1190:areatalk_monthly2110_008

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: MEIKO, KAITO)

MEIKO: Oh, there you are! Would you mind coming to the rooftop with me, KAITO?
KAITO: The rooftop...?
MEIKO: Saki and Rin are adamant about throwing you a welcome party.
KAITO: Huh? For me? They don't have to...
MEIKO: Oh, don't say that.
MEIKO: They actually wanted to throw one sooner but decided to put things on hold until you become a little more used to Saki, the girls and this place.
KAITO: Oh, I see...
MEIKO: Now, get up! We're going! You're the star of today's show! 
KAITO: Okay, I'll make a brief appearance...


