1 2527:areatalk_ev_shuffle_54_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Embroidering as a group was so fun!
Shizuku: Yes, I'm so glad that I got to share something I love doing with all of you.
Mafuyu: Hehe. It was a nice opportunity to learn something new.
Mizuki: Yeah, that got me thinking. What if we shared our favorite hobbies with each other? Wouldn't that be fun?
Mizuki: Like, I could teach you how to alter clothes! It'd be great to hear what you like to do!
Haruka: Yeah, that does sound like fun. In my case... I'm pretty good at basketball, so I could teach you all how to play.
Mafuyu: Playing a sport together could be fun. As for me, I suppose I could hold an English speaking lesson...
Mizuki: Whoa, that's so practical!
Shizuku: Hehe. I feel like we can do anything together now.


2 2528:areatalk_ev_shuffle_54_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: The other club members seemed to really enjoy the chocolates we bought for them, Hinomori.
Shizuku: Yes, that was very nice to see.
Shizuku: I had a chance to visit that shop for work in the past, so I wanted everyone to see what they had to offer.
Mafuyu: I didn't know that. I don't know many confectionery shops, so I'm glad I decided to go with you.
Shizuku: Oh, you don't? In that case, there's a shop nearby I really recommend.
Shizuku: They even have an attached cafe. It's really a wonderful place. Would you like to go there together sometime?
Mafuyu: Yes, I'd appreciate you showing me. It'd be nice to keep in mind when I buy sweets for others.


3 2529:areatalk_ev_shuffle_54_003

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, did you see the sewing lounge's website?
Mizuki: They're inviting a bunch of famous embroidery teachers and having them give lectures!
Shizuku: Oh, look at that. And this teacher... I refer to their works quite a lot.
Shizuku: Hearing one of their lectures firsthand would be such an incredible learning experience.
Mizuki: Oh, you think so?! Then, wanna go together?
Shizuku: Yes, let's go! I'll check my schedule.
Mizuki: Hehe. Cool! Let's learn as many embroidering techniques as we can from them♪


4 2530:areatalk_ev_shuffle_54_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Mafuyu Asahina)

Haruka: You're so talented, Asahina.
Haruka: You've always seemed able to do almost anything, but I was still surprised by how quickly you picked up embroidery.
Mafuyu: Thank you. But what makes you say that all of a sudden?
Haruka: Is there a trick to learning things quickly? I'd love to know your secret, since I might be able to apply it to my work as an idol.
Mafuyu: Ah, I see. If anything, my experience in archery might the root cause.
Mafuyu: It's a sport that teaches you to focus and concentrate, so that may be why I'm able to learn new things quickly.
Haruka: I see. Archery... It could be worth a try...
Mafuyu: Hehe. Visitors are always welcome.


5 2531:areatalk_ev_shuffle_54_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Len)

Len (MMJ): Getting to interact with your fans is a really special privilege, isn't it?
Len (MMJ): What we do ends up becoming precious memories for those that come to see us, so I wanna keep trying new things.
Shizuku: Me too. Things would start feeling stale if we interacted with them the same way every time...
Haruka: People do enjoy it when you do something that's specific to the show they're seeing.
Len (MMJ): Exactly...! Oh, can you two tell me more about your philosophy regarding this?
Haruka: Sure. This is already turning into a very productive discussion.
Shizuku: Yes, it is! I also wish to become better at interacting with our fans, so let's research how we can do that...!


