1 1806:areatalk_3rdaniv_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Saki: Ichi, is it me, or have your lunches been smaller recently?
Ichika: Y-You think so...?
Saki: Yeah. You usually get two yakisoba buns, but you've only been getting one lately.
Saki: Is something wrong? Are you feeling sick...?
Ichika: N-No, I feel fine. The thing is...
Ichika: Now that we're second-years, we'll be having our checkups soon. I was hoping that I could lose some weight before then...
Saki: What?! That's what you've been trying to do?!
Saki: No, you need to eat right! Tsukasa even said, “Hunger is the bane of a beautiful voice!”
Saki: You won't be able to project your voice on an empty stomach, and you might even collapse during one of our shows!
Ichika: R-Right... I'll keep that in mind. I wouldn't want my diet to affect how I sing...


2 1807:areatalk_3rdaniv_002

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: Ichika, thank you for going out shopping with me today.
Ichika: Don't mention it. I'd been meaning to take a look at the guitar in that shop for a little while now.
Ichika: Come to think of it, we've been spending a lot more time together lately...
Honami: Being in the same class this year helps.
Honami: We were separated last year, so it's nice being together all the time in the classroom.
Ichika: Oh, right. I hadn't thought about that since Saki and I were together last year...
Ichika: But I'm looking forward to seeing a side of you that I don't normally get to.
Honami: Huh? Wh-What do you mean...?
Ichika: Well, like panicking after the teacher calls on you, dozing off after having a big lunch, or...
Honami: N-No, you really don't need to see any of those things...!


3 1808:areatalk_3rdaniv_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Come to think of it, Shiho, you're on the animal caretaker committee, right?
Shiho: Yeah, why do you ask...?
Ichika: I'll be on the broadcasting committee this year, which involves doing the broadcast during lunch...
Ichika: I was thinking about what I could talk about.
Ichika: And I thought that it'd be fun to introduce some of the animals we have at school.
Shiho: The animals...?
Ichika: Yeah. If I go with this idea, I thought I should ask for your help since you probably know a lot about the animals by being on the committee.
Shiho: If that's all... Sure, I'll help.
Shiho: Do you want me to write profiles for all of them? I can talk about their personalities, likes and dislikes...
Shiho: I think I can get it down to ten pages per animal.
Ichika: Ten pages?! No, one page in total should be plenty!


4 1809:areatalk_3rdaniv_004

[Music Shop]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: *Stare*
Honami: S-Saki, what are you doing? People are going to think you're up to something if you keep staring at the cash registers like that.
Saki: But I'm not! This is just market research!
Honami: Market research...?
Saki: Yeah, because we're pros now!
Saki: Streaming services have become so popular that not many people buy CDs anymore, right?
Saki: So, we gotta figure out who still goes out of their way to buy CDs, what music they like and stuff!
Honami: Saki, I didn't realize you were thinking about those things...
Honami: But please try not to cause the shop any trouble...


5 1810:areatalk_3rdaniv_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Huh...? Shiho, did you change your playing style?
Shiho: Huh...?
Shiho: I haven't, but I did change my strings yesterday.
Saki: Oh, it was your strings! I thought your bass sounded a little different!
Saki: It sounds twangier or more metallic than before, you know...?
Shiho: Wow... I guess this means you're able to pick up on those subtle differences now, huh?
Saki: Wait, really?! You think so...?!
Saki: Then, that means I can also pick up on when you're hungry, or when you hear your favorite sound!
Shiho: Those things have nothing to do with what we're talking about!


6 1811:areatalk_3rdaniv_006

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Honami: Oh, Shiho, what a coincidence. Are you also here to shop?
Shiho: Yeah, my mom asked me to get a few things... Are you off to work after this?
Honami: Yes. The last meals I prepared are about to run out, so I'm planning on doing a lot of cooking today.
Shiho: Still, that's a lot of bags you've got there. I thought the person you're working for lives by herself.
Honami: Yes, um. She does...
Honami: But she has a friend staying over for a little bit, so I need to make enough for two...
Shiho: Oh, okay. That sounds like a lot of work, but good luck.


7 1812:areatalk_3rdaniv_007

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (Ln): I like the way you sound today, Ichika. You seem to be having a lot of fun.
Ichika: Huh? R-Really...?
Miku (Ln): Yes. Did something good happen?
Ichika: So, one of my new classmates said she listens to Leo/need...
Ichika: She said she's seen the videos we posted online, including that Miku song I made. She apparently really liked them.
Ichika: I can't help but smile after someone shares their impressions directly with me since it never really happened before.
Miku (Ln): I see. That's wonderful to hear.
Miku (Ln): As your professional careers begin ramping up, I'm sure your songs will start reaching more and more people.
Ichika: Thanks... I'll do my best to make that happen.


8 1813:areatalk_3rdaniv_008

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (Ln): Ichi, have you ever thought about customizing your uniform?
Ichika: Huh? Why do you ask all of a sudden...?
Rin (Ln): Because Sakki came by to show me her new cardigan! Shih and Hona also changed their look a bit, right?
Rin (Ln): But you look the same as usual, Ichi.
Ichika: I mean... I wouldn't mind a fresh look, but I'm not sure what changes to make...
Ichika: And I might end up looking weird if I'm not careful...
Rin (Ln): I see... That tells me you need the advice of a trendsetter.
Rin (Ln): And today's your lucky day! I, Rin, will teach you everything you need to know about fashion♪
Ichika: What...?
Rin (Ln): So, where do you wanna start? What about a shorter skirt?! Oh, what if we put highlights in your hair?!
Ichika: Wait...
Ichika: Slow down...!


9 1814:areatalk_3rdaniv_010

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Megurine Luka)

Ichika: I'm sorry, Luka. I can't believe I'm late after you made the time to help me with my singing...
Luka (Ln): That's okay. Still, did something happen?
Ichika: I actually finished work a little late.
Ichika: We got a new hire in today and I had to spend some extra time teaching them the ropes.
Luka (Ln): Yes, it is that time of year. On top of having new classmates, you're meeting new coworkers.
Luka (Ln): Hehe. That means you'll be looking after them as their senior.
Ichika: Y-Yes, but... I feel like that word's never really suited me.
Ichika: Still, I'll do my best to be a mentor they can look up to.
Luka (Ln): Hehe. I'm sure you'll do just fine, Ichika.


10 1815:areatalk_3rdaniv_011

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, MEIKO)

MEIKO (Ln): Were you playing a Miku song just now?
Ichika: Yes, I was. The broadcasting committee was discussing what to play over the speakers during lunch...
Ichika: And this song came up as an option. Hearing it made me want to play it for the first time in a while.
MEIKO (Ln): I see. It is a really nice song.
MEIKO (Ln): Now I'd like to play it as well... Why don't you, Miku and I try giving it a go together later?
Ichika: Wait, really?! I'd love to since it's one of my all-time favorites!
Ichika: In that case... I need to keep practicing until Miku gets here. I have to be spot on if the three of us are going to play it.
MEIKO (Ln): Then, why don't we practice together?
Ichika: Okay!


11 1816:areatalk_3rdaniv_013

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Hatsune Miku)

Saki: Hmm... How can I...?
Miku (Ln): What's wrong, Saki? Is something bothering you?
Saki: Oh, Miku! I'm glad you asked!
Saki: I was just wondering how I can act more like a senior.
Saki: Now that I have juniors to look after, I wanna learn how to naturally give off the “dependable senior” vibe like you, Miku!
Miku (Ln): I see. In that case, leave it to me.
Miku (Ln): As your senior, allow me to show you the way.
Saki: You will?! You really are dependable, Miku!
Saki: So, where should I start?!
Miku (Ln): Well...
Miku (Ln): There's no need for you to rush. We have practice soon, so I'll give you a real lesson next time.
Saki: Wait, next time?
Miku (Ln): (Until then, I'll secretly ask Luka...)


12 1817:areatalk_3rdaniv_016

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Megurine Luka)

Saki: Hey, Luka. Do you try to move or act a certain way during shows?
Saki: Musical performance is important too, but... I wanna work on my pro showmanship skills! That's what you'd call it, right?
Luka (Ln): I'm not sure what you mean by pro showmanship... But I do focus on giving some variety.
Saki: Variety?
Luka (Ln): Yes. For example, I use sharp movements when I want to excite the audience, but when a song has a post-chorus, I stay put and let the melody speak for itself.
Saki: I see... That would definitely let you pump up the crowd when you want to!
Saki: But I get so excited during shows sometimes that I can't get myself to stay still...
Luka (Ln): Hehe. I don't see anything wrong with that.
Luka (Ln): I'm sure everyone in the crowd feels just as excited to watch you.
Luka (Ln): So, I don't believe you have to plan everything out. I say just do your best and have fun.
Saki: Right...
Saki: Then, if I feel really excited, I'm gonna dance and move like crazy...!
Luka (Ln): Hehe. Just don't forget to keep playing while you're having fun, okay?
Saki: Hehe. I'll be careful!


13 1818:areatalk_3rdaniv_017

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, MEIKO)

Saki: MEIKO! Would you like to have this lipstick?
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, it's such a vibrant red. Are you sure?
Saki: Absolutely! I tried choosing a more mature color since I'm a second-year now, but it didn't really suit me...
Saki: But I bet it'll look great on you, MEIKO!
MEIKO (Ln): Really? I think bright colors like this would look lovely on you, Saki.
Saki: You think so? But I'm still not sure.
MEIKO (Ln): Then, why don't we test what kind of makeup goes with this color? I think we can definitely make it work.
Saki: Oh, I'd love to! Thank you so much!


14 1819:areatalk_3rdaniv_018

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, KAITO)

KAITO (Ln): Mhm... All this practice is starting to make me sleepy...
KAITO (Ln): (I wouldn't want to lose focus during our session. I should probably rest for a little bit.)
KAITO (Ln): ... Zzz...
Saki: Huh? KAITO?
KAITO (Ln): Huh...?
Saki: Oh, sorry! I didn't mean to interrupt!
KAITO (Ln): No, that's okay.
Saki: What were you doing just now? Were you meditating? Or maybe visualizing a show...?
KAITO (Ln): What?
Saki: I never knew that you were into mental training, KAITO... Tsukasa did say that it's important to visualize your performances.
Saki: Would you mind if I joined you? I promise not to break your focus!
KAITO (Ln): U-Umm...
KAITO (Ln): (What do I do...? I can't say that I was sleeping just now...)


15 1820:areatalk_3rdaniv_019

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku)

Honami: *Sigh* I dropped it again. This is so hard...
Miku (Ln): What's so hard?
Honami: Huh?! M-Miku?! I, um...
Honami: I thought twirling my drumsticks during solos would be cool, but I can't seem to get it right no matter how much I practice...
Honami: If Shiho were to find out, she'd probably scold me for working on something so superficial instead of actually practicing...
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Are you sure about that? I think having a few tricks up your sleeve to hype up the crowd is important.
Honami: Y-You do...? If that's the case, I think I'll practice for a bit longer...
Miku (Ln): Oh, I know a nice trick for making it look like you're twirling them just by flicking your wrists. Would you like me to show you?
Honami: Wow... I didn't even think of that! Yes, if you don't mind!
Miku (Ln): Of course. First, place your stick between your index and middle fingers...


16 1821:areatalk_3rdaniv_020

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (Ln): Huh? Hona, what's going on? Why are you marching in place like that?
Honami: I was just marching to the beat of a song we're practicing. It helps my body feel the rhythm.
Rin (Ln): Really?! I didn't know you can practice like that!
Honami: *Nod* I learned it when I did drills in marching band. Even now, I find myself walking to the beat on my way to school and such.
Rin (Ln): That's so cool, Hona! You practice even when no one's looking!
Honami: I-It's nothing special, really. My role in the band is to keep a steady beat, after all.
Honami: Also, as the foundation of our band, I need to be able to carry us all forward.
Rin (Ln): Right...! And I believe in you, Hona!
Honami: *Nod* Thank you, Rin.
Rin (Ln): (Hehe. Hona is so cool!)


17 1822:areatalk_3rdaniv_021

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kagamine Len)

Honami: (I keep rushing ahead here... Maybe I should try again by slowing things down a bit...)
Len (Ln): Honami, isn't it about time for you to take a break? You look tired.
Honami: Oh, you're right... My arms are starting to feel a little heavy.
Len (Ln): I had a feeling. I know you're excited about debuting, but don't push yourself to the point of getting hurt or sick, okay?
Honami: Thank you, I'll be careful. You really have a knack for looking after others, Len.
Len (Ln): I mean, I have to be considering how much time I spend with Rin.
Len (Ln): She treats me like I'm her junior or something, but she acts like one way more than I do. I always need to keep a close eye on her.
Honami: Hehe. Yes, I see. Still...
Honami: (Len seems more like a big brother than a senior.)
Len (Ln): Hm? Is something wrong?
Honami: Oh, no! Nothing's wrong.


18 1823:areatalk_3rdaniv_022

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Megurine Luka)

Luka (Ln): Oh, it sounds like Ichika and Miku are singing in one of the other classrooms.
Honami: You're right. They seem to be having a lot of fun together.
Luka (Ln): Yes. So much so that I'm starting to feel giddy.
Luka (Ln): Honami, want to turn this into a little jam session by playing along to their singing? It sounds like they're close enough to hear us.
Honami: Hehe. Okay. Ready? One, two, three, four!
Luka (Ln): Oh, I think they noticed. They're trying to sing along.
Honami: Yes, you're right. Huh? I'm hearing a synthesizer now. Was Saki here practicing this whole time?
Luka (Ln): We're just missing a bassist.
Honami: Oh, that sounds like Shiho playing...!
Luka (Ln): Hehe. You all gathered without planning to. Talk about being in perfect sync.


19 1824:areatalk_3rdaniv_025

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (Ln): Shiho, how are everyone's practice plans coming along?
Shiho: Good. I just finished Honami's.
Miku (Ln): Wow, this warm-up sheet music... The rhythm changes with every measure. This looks really hard.
Shiho: Honami has trouble keeping up when making those kinds of transitions, so this should help her fix that.
Miku (Ln): You're coming up with personalized ways for everyone to improve? That's incredible, Shiho.
Shiho: Well, I'm learning to teach the basics no matter the instrument. Also, we're pros now, so we need to find ways to keep getting better.
Shiho: Plus, it'd be unfair to give them drills that they can't improve with when they're working so hard.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. I'd expect nothing less of you, Shiho. Oh, I know. What if I came up with some drills for you?
Shiho: Huh? Really?
Miku (Ln): It's hard to know what you need to practice by yourself, right? So, I'd like to help you out.
Shiho: Hehe. Thanks, Miku. I'm looking forward to seeing what you come up with.


20 1825:areatalk_3rdaniv_027

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Len)

Len (Ln): Shiho, did Rin happen to stop by this classroom?
Shiho: No, why do you ask?
Len (Ln): I have some sheet music for her, but I can't find her anywhere. I want to get them to her soon since she's been so excited...
Shiho: Then, why don't we do a quick session together? This is Rin we're talking about, so she'll probably rush over wanting to join in when she hears.
Len (Ln): Hey, great idea! Then, I'll play the synth since it's here.
Shiho: Okay, ready?
Rin's Voice (Rin-Ln): Hey, you guys, lemme join!


21 1826:areatalk_3rdaniv_028

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Luka (Ln): Are you looking at your planner? Is something special happening today?
Shiho: Huh? Why do you ask?
Luka (Ln): I was just wondering since you seem a little antsy.
Shiho: Oh, I mean... No, there's nothing special happening today...
Shiho: But I am a little excited about looking after the rabbits for the animal caretaker committee tomorrow.
Luka (Ln): Hehe. Now I see. Then, I hope you enjoy your time with them.


22 1827:areatalk_3rdaniv_030

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, KAITO)

Shiho: KAITO, are you free right now?
KAITO (Ln): Hm? Yes, how can I help you...?
Shiho: I'd like to try playing a song with you. Here, listen...
KAITO (Ln): This looks difficult... Not only is it tough on your fingers, the rhythm looks equally tricky.
Shiho: I know, but pros need to be able to play stuff like this no problem.
Shiho: Plus, Ichika and the others just keep getting better and better. I can't fall behind...
KAITO (Ln): I see. In that case, I'll play this with everything I have. Could you give me a minute to go through the sheet music?
Shiho: Of course. Thank you.


23 1828:areatalk_3rdaniv_031

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Oh, my lunch today's filled with all of my favorite things! Hehe. Where to begin♪
Ichika: That's great. Actually, Saki, Shiho, has your class done the songwriting assignment in music yet?
Shiho: What? No. They're gonna have us write a song?
Honami: Yes. We started doing that today after our class finished the unit on music history. We worked in groups and got to choose our theme. It was really fun.
Saki: Yeah, that does sound like fun! What theme should we choose, Shiho? Anything come to mind?
Shiho: Hmm... Well, we could take this opportunity to try something we haven't done with Leo/need. That should expand our repertoire.
Saki: Then... I know! We can do a song about your yummy-looking omelets!
Saki: “Ooey-gooey, yummy-nummy, tasty, tasty omelets♪”
Shiho: Wait, is that what you're after...? The answer's no.
Saki, Ichika & Honami: Haha. Hehe.


24 1829:areatalk_3rdaniv_032

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hey, guess what?! I just became friends with someone in my new class♪ 
Saki: We have so much in common too! We like the same music and read the same magazines and stuff!
Honami: Hehe. That's wonderful to hear, Saki.
Ichika: I'm still amazed by how quickly you're able to make friends, Saki...
Ichika: I still haven't become friends with any of my new classmates. Maybe I should try talking to some of them more...
Shiho: I wouldn't worry too much. Only Saki's able to talk to basically everyone in her class in such a short period of time.
Honami: I agree. It's okay to go at your own pace...
Ichika: I guess so...
Ichika: (I'm sure we're going to meet lots of new people as we work as pros...)
Ichika: (I need to learn how to strike up a conversation with them.)


25 1830:areatalk_3rdaniv_033

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: Minori, sorry for making you wait. The streets were so packed that... Huh?
Haruka: What are you watching? Did an idol you like just appear on the big screen?
Minori: Oh! Hi, Haruka!
Minori: S-So, um... I wasn't watching for any idols that I like per se... It's just, on the off chance... What if...?!
Haruka: What if what...?
Minori: We've been appearing on TV a lot recently, right?
Minori: So, I was just wondering if we're going to appear on that big screen someday.
Minori: And when we do, people might shout, “It's MORE MORE JUMP!” or, “We gotta take a picture!”
Haruka: I think you're getting a little ahead of yourself...
Haruka: But I do hope that happens. Someday.


26 1831:areatalk_3rdaniv_034

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Oh, Airi, that reminds me! You gotta hear this!
Airi: Wh-What's getting you so worked up all of a sudden...?
Minori: Remember how we had our heights measured for that shoot the other day? Guess what?!
Minori: I grew a whole centimeter!
Airi: Hey, that's great. Most people don't expect to keep growing at this age.
Minori: Exactly! That's why I'm so happy! Pretty soon, I'm gonna be as tall as Shizuku!
Minori: So, I'm thinking about trying on some more mature or ladylike clothes today! The kind that she wears♪
Airi: You sound pretty confident that you're gonna keep growing...
Airi: Still, there's nothing wrong with aiming high. Never change, Minori.


27 1832:areatalk_3rdaniv_035

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Minori, have you gotten used to being on the credit-based course?
Minori: Hmm... I'm not sure. Working instead of being in class during the day still feels a little weird. Also, the classroom always feels so empty whenever I do come to school.
Minori: On top of that, I know the new term's just started, but I'm a little worried about studying for tests and stuff in the future...
Shizuku: Right... However, Airi and I plan on helping you study as much as we can. So, let's just take it one step at a time.
Minori: Thanks, Shizuku! I really appreciate it!
Minori: Oh, but I also feel super lucky about being able to go credit-based...!
Shizuku: Lucky? In what way?
Minori: I get to be in the same class as Haruka!
Minori: The way she thinks when she's trying to solve a tough problem... The bored expression on her face when she stares out the window... How she's always kind enough to show me her notes...
Minori: I get such a huge dose of Haruka Kiritani, my adorable classmate, every time I come to school! My body might not be able to handle feeling so much happiness!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm so glad for you.


28 1833:areatalk_3rdaniv_036

[Main Street]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Nice work today! When's the last time it was just the two of us on set?
Haruka: It's definitely been a while. But I always feel better knowing you're there, Airi. And I'm glad things went so smoothly. It sounded like they got the footage they wanted.
Airi: Hehe. That means a lot coming from an idol as influential as you, Haruka.
Airi: Anyway, wanna stop by a cafe or something and have ourselves a little after-party...?
Haruka: Oh, sorry, I'd love to... But I was actually hoping to head back to school.
Airi: Wait, now...?! You'll probably only make it in time for the last class.
Haruka: I know, but I want to attend whatever classes I can. I've just gone back to being credit-based, so I'm still not sure I'll be able to get back into my old studying routine...
Airi: I see... When you put it that way, I can see why your word carries so much weight...
Airi: In that case, I'll go with you! As your senior, I'm not about to let you hog all of the academic glory!
Haruka: Hehe. I wouldn't worry too much about that.


29 1834:areatalk_3rdaniv_037

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, Haruka, there you are. I was just looking for you.
Haruka: Is something the matter, Shizuku...?
Shizuku: The thing is, I was asked to give you something. Here...
Haruka: Wait, this looks like... Hinomori's notebook?
Shizuku: Yes, Shii told me that you've been getting stuck here and there because you haven't been able to attend classes.
Shizuku: So, she asked me to give you her notebook.
Haruka: She did...?
Haruka: Whoa, her notes are so detailed... She's even written down all the hints the teacher gave. It's much easier for me to grasp the material now...!
Shizuku: She said you can keep that until Monday, so I hope you get to make the most of it.
Haruka: Thanks, Shizuku...
Haruka: Please tell her that I absolutely promise to return the favor.


30 1835:areatalk_3rdaniv_038

[Music Shop]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, Airi, look at this. It's the free pamphlet that includes our interview from the other day.
Airi: Hey, you're right! It's already on store shelves?
Airi: How do we look...? Perfect! They definitely got our cute sides!
Airi: But I still don't know what they asked you guys. I think I'll take this opportunity to see what questions they threw at you, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Oh, um...
Airi: “How to make delicious miso soup for a thermos”...? They really asked you about that...?
Shizuku: It actually turned into a fun conversation. They mentioned how with all the recent health fads, it's not all that unusual to carry miso soup around.
Airi: Yeah, they have a point... Plus, fermented foods have become famous around the world for keeping your skin clear and healthy.
Shizuku: But it's actually very difficult to achieve a nice flavor. If you make it normally, it becomes a little bland in the thermos and...
Airi: No, stop right there! We might be able to use what you're about to say for our next stream!
Airi: So, I'll sit down to discuss this with you later. Get ready for part two of your interview...


31 1836:areatalk_3rdaniv_039

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku)

Minori: Oh, Miku, listen! You gotta hear this!
Miku (MMJ): Wh-What's going on? You seem more energetic than usual today!
Minori: Because something incredible happened! At the studio we went to for work today...
Minori: We walked by a super-famous celebrity that everyone calls the “King of Showbiz”!!
Miku (MMJ): T-The King of Showbiz?! He must be an incredible person. But I also feel a little intimidated...
Minori: Oh, people call him that as an in-joke. He's actually a really nice person!
Minori: Still, I definitely saw this aura emanating from him. It was so blinding and overwhelming that I just sorta stopped and gasped when he went by.
Minori: But when he did, he looked my way and gave me a quick smile!
Minori: That made me so happy since I've been watching him on TV ever since I was little. I really hope we get to work together on something in the future...!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. That's wonderful... And I'm sure you will as long as you girls keep working in show business.
Minori: Hehe. You think so?! But it might be a while until another opportunity comes around.
Minori: Still, I wanna give him a more proper greeting the next time we do meet...


32 1837:areatalk_3rdaniv_040

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (MMJ): Minori, you're a second-year now, right?
Rin (MMJ): That means you have juniors to look after! Do you get to teach them stuff?
Minori: Hmm... Maybe when they start joining clubs, but I haven't had a chance to yet.
Minori: Oh, but I did teach some of them how to clean the rabbit cages and stuff for our committee.
Rin (MMJ): Wait, really?! That sounds like so much fun!
Rin (MMJ): I wish I got to be a mentor like you, but I'm the most junior person here...
Minori: No, that's not true! In my eyes, Rin, you're my senior!
Minori: So, I'll be counting on you! I hope you'll be willing to answer any questions that I have!
Rin (MMJ): Hehe. Ask me anything! I'll teach you whatever you need to know♪
Minori: Yay! Then, about this math homework that I was assigned today...
Rin (MMJ): Oh...
Rin (MMJ): Th-That's outside of my expertise, so please ask KAITO or Luka for help instead.


33 1838:areatalk_3rdaniv_041

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kagamine Len)

Minori: *Sigh* I'm exhausted! I had so much to do today because of work and school!
Len (MMJ): Hey, Minori. I know you've been pretty busy, but try not to push yourself too hard, okay?
Minori: Thanks, Len! Yes, we are busy, but each day's been really fun!
Minori: At school, I've become friends with people I met for the first time, and at work, I've been able to hear stories from so many different people! I've been enjoying that a lot!
Len (MMJ): Hehe. That's great to hear.
Len (MMJ): Then, if possible, would you mind me getting a peek at a day in your life?
Len (MMJ): I'm curious to see how your life's changed since switching over to the credit-based course.
Minori: Of course! You're more than welcome to tag along!
Minori: Actually, I'd love to get some of your advice if you have a chance to see me working!
Minori: I'm looking for an honest critique! If you notice me freezing up or like a particular look on my face, please tell me...!
Len (MMJ): I don't know how much I'll be able to help, but I'll do my best.
Len (MMJ): So, I'll be looking forward to that moment.


34 1839:areatalk_3rdaniv_043

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, MEIKO)

Minori: MEIKO! MEIKO! I brought some snacks over for you as a present!
MEIKO (MMJ): Aren't these...? Yes, they're Moku Yoku cookies!
MEIKO (MMJ): Thank you, Minori! I really enjoyed these the last time you brought them over!
Minori: Hehe. I'm really glad to hear that!
Minori: We received them as a gift from someone we were working with. I knew you liked them, so I made sure to bring some back♪
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, that's so sweet of you...! And it's so nice of this person to give you such wonderful, delicious treats!
Minori: Hehe. I know, right?! I really like how long shoots usually include catering with lunch and yummy snacks!
Minori: Which is why I've recently been looking forward to those kinds of offers! At the same time...
Minori: Because there's so much nice food, I might've...put on a few pounds...
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh dear...
MEIKO (MMJ): You are an idol, so you do need to carefully monitor your diet.


35 1840:areatalk_3rdaniv_045

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku)

Haruka: I'm here, Miku. Thank you for agreeing to take Minori's place today.
Miku (MMJ): Of course! I promise to do my best to perform her part while she's over at that shoot!
Miku (MMJ): Actually, before we begin, I'd like to go over the choreography for this dance one more time. Would that be okay?
Haruka: The lead-up to the chorus is the trickiest part. Minori's also been struggling with it.
Haruka: But you just have to do this and this... Focusing on your right foot from the start should make things easier. 
Miku (MMJ): Oh, you're right...! Thank you so much, Haruka!
Haruka: Then, let's start again from the top, Minori.
Haruka: *Gasp*
Miku (MMJ): Oh...
Haruka: Haha... Sorry, Miku. This is so embarrassing...
Miku (MMJ): Hehe... I promise to keep trying more and more and more, Haruka!
Haruka: Hehe. Oh, you...


36 1841:areatalk_3rdaniv_046

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (MMJ): Oh, Haruka, found you♪
Rin (MMJ): You're about to have dance practice, right?
Haruka: Yeah, but... Why are you carrying around glow sticks, Rin?
Rin (MMJ): Hehe. I had a feeling that you were about to, so I came by to do some chants and cheers for you♪
Rin (MMJ): After all, if you wanna put on a good show, you gotta know what the crowd's feeling, right?
Rin (MMJ): So, I'm gonna do a little research today by pretending to be them!
Haruka: Yes, it is important to see things from their perspective.
Haruka: Then, since you're here, I'll try to perform like it's the real thing.
Rin (MMJ): Woohoo! And I'm gonna cheer like crazy♪
Rin (MMJ): L-O-V-E! Lovely, Haruka!


37 1842:areatalk_3rdaniv_049

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, MEIKO)

Haruka: *Yawn*
MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. Your yawn's so adorable, Haruka.
Haruka: Oh, you were watching? That's embarrassing...
MEIKO (MMJ): No, don't be. It was nice to see this side of you considering your usual upright demeanor.
Haruka: Oh, MEIKO.
MEIKO (MMJ): Still, Haruka, it's rare for you to be feeling sleepy. Have you been getting enough rest?
Haruka: I think I have... But I may be more tired than I realize after making the switch back to the credit-based course.
Haruka: I might try going to bed early today.
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, that sounds like a good plan.


38 1843:areatalk_3rdaniv_050

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, KAITO)

Haruka: Hehe...
KAITO (MMJ): You seem happy, Haruka. Did something good happen?
Haruka: Oh, I was just thinking about something that happened at school. I was walking down the corridor and some of the new students decided to come talk to me.
KAITO (MMJ): Really?! What did they say?
Haruka: They said what we do has been a huge source of encouragement. One of them has apparently been watching our streams from the very beginning...
Haruka: That means a lot, so I want to keep doing my best for them.
KAITO (MMJ): Right... I'd like to also support you in whatever ways I can.
KAITO (MMJ): (Idols and fans coming together to show their support for one another... That's so touching!)


39 1844:areatalk_3rdaniv_051

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Hatsune Miku)

Airi: Miku, I made a few too many snacks. Would you like some?
Miku (MMJ): Wow! Thank you, Airi! They're wrapped so beautifully!
Airi: Hehe. They also taste great! I gave some to a friend who's the same year as me, and they said they really like it.
Miku (MMJ): A friend?
Airi: Yeah. It's pretty tense right now in all the third-year classrooms because everyone's studying for the nationwide mock exam.
Airi: I thought something sweet would help them relax and take their mind off things.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I see! Hehe. That's so nice of you, Airi.
Airi: And it was really nice to see them smile...
Miku (MMJ): (Airi the idol's a wonderful person, but I see now that Airi the high schooler's also a source of hope for others.)
Miku (MMJ): (It's like she embodies what it means to be an idol. I need to follow her example!)


40 1845:areatalk_3rdaniv_052

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (MMJ): One, two, three. Pose! Yeah, perfect...♪
Airi: Hey, Rin!
Rin (MMJ): Hi, Airi! Welcome!
Airi: I heard from KAITO that you've been practicing a lot harder than usual recently.
Rin (MMJ): Hehe♪ You're all trying to become top idols, so I really wanna learn to become a better singer and dancer!
Rin (MMJ): Because if I do, I'll be able to help if any of you get stuck or have questions.
Airi: Rin...
Airi: Hehe. You already smile like a number-one idol.
Airi: So thank you for always being such a huge source of encouragement!


41 1846:areatalk_3rdaniv_053

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kagamine Len)

Len (MMJ): 18... 19... 20... Phew...
Airi: Hm? Where'd you get those dumbbells?
Len (MMJ): Haruka gave them to me. She said she got some new ones that are heavier.
Airi: She did...? Wait, these weigh 10 kilograms each! Just how much has Haruka been working out...?
Len (MMJ): I was just as surprised. She said two sets of thirty worked well for her, but I'm struggling just doing twenty.
Airi: Hehe. Don't push your muscles too hard, okay?
Len (MMJ): Yeah, I'd rather not get hurt. Thanks, Airi!


42 1847:areatalk_3rdaniv_054

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Megurine Luka)

Luka (MMJ): Airi, for your third year, are you going to keep being a member of the tea ceremony club?
Airi: I plan on staying. However, idol stuff takes priority, so I'm gonna try to go when I can.
Airi: I managed to attend the other day when some new students visited to see what our club's like.
Luka (MMJ): I see. What did that involve exactly?
Airi: The older students taught the new ones how to prepare the tea. Well, we're not exactly certified instructors...
Airi: But I still did my best to show them what's fun about performing tea ceremonies!
Luka (MMJ): Yes, they do sound like fun! Would you mind teaching me what you know, Airi?
Airi: Hehe. Of course! I'll bring over bowls, utensils and sweets next time!


43 1848:areatalk_3rdaniv_057

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Shizuku: Humhumhuum♪
Miku (MMJ): You seem to be in a good mood, Shizuku♪
Shizuku: Oh, Miku! I just got to see Minori and Shii taking care of the rabbits we have at school.
Shizuku: It was so wonderful to see them together even though they're in different classes now...
Miku (MMJ): I see... Hehe. That puts a smile on my face too♪
Miku (MMJ): (I guess the bonds they've formed with others aren't about to break so easily...)


44 1849:areatalk_3rdaniv_058

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (MMJ): Shizuku, are you done practicing for the day?
Shizuku: Yes, we're going to have a study session after this. We plan to go over all the things that were covered in our classes when we were absent for work.
Rin (MMJ): A study session? But you already work so hard as idols...
Shizuku: I know, but it's not as bad as you think.
Shizuku: We always take breaks to chat and ask each other for help when we get stuck. In that sense, our study sessions are actually very fun♪
Rin (MMJ): Really?! Yeah, that does sound like fun. I wish I could join!
Shizuku: Hehe. Then, I'll let you know when we're about to begin.
Rin (MMJ): You will? Thanks♪ I'm gonna do what I can so your study session goes really well!


45 1850:areatalk_3rdaniv_060

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Luka (MMJ): “Now, onto our final question. Shizuku, what is your favorite hobby?”
Shizuku: Hmm... I think reading novels. It's like my horizons expand as I go on a new adventure with each protagonist.
Shizuku: That was our last question, yes...? How did I do, Luka?
Luka (MMJ): I think you did a good job of answering all the questions that are in the script. But this radio program's segment is about really getting to know the guest, right?
Luka (MMJ): So, they may try to dig deeper. For example, they may ask, “What would you say is your best quality, Shizuku?”
Shizuku: My best quality? U-Umm...
Luka (MMJ): Try to remember what Minori and your fans are always saying about you. There has to be something you often get praised for, right?
Shizuku: Oh...
Shizuku: Wait... My ability to work hard and not give up...?
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. I certainly believe so♪
Shizuku: I'm glad I was able to answer your question. But I really can't thank the people around me enough for discovering my good qualities...


46 1851:areatalk_3rdaniv_062

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, KAITO)

Shizuku: KAITO, Miku and the others just asked me to practice with them since it's been so long. Would you like to join us?
KAITO (MMJ): Me? Yes, I'd be more than happy to.
Shizuku: Wonderful...! Then, I'll let Miku know right away.
Shizuku: Oh, I also need to make some adjustments to my schedule. Would you mind telling me what times you'll be free, KAITO?
KAITO (MMJ): Ah, I can take care of all that. After all, as everyone's manager, I'm in charge of keeping track of their schedules.
Shizuku: Actually, I was hoping that I could give it a try. It'll be my chance to learn how to put schedules together and such.
KAITO (MMJ): I see. Then, if you don't mind, go for it. Feel free to ask if you have any questions!
Shizuku: Thank you!
KAITO (MMJ): (Hehe. Shizuku's become such a proactive person.)


47 1852:areatalk_3rdaniv_063

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Hmm... Why did this happen...?
Shizuku: Is something bothering you, Minori?
Minori: Oh! No, nothing's bothering me...! I'm just having some trouble understanding why this revolt happened in Japanese history.
Haruka: Oh, they covered that in class while we were at work. I wasn't sure how it happened either.
Airi: The teachers tend to give verbal explanations to supplement the explanations in the textbook, so it's tough to pick up on what's going on if you miss a class.
Minori: *Sob* What do I do in these sorts of situations...?
Shizuku: Well... The easiest thing would be to ask a classmate to show you their notes. If that's not possible, I usually end up asking the teacher myself.
Airi: You can try looking up what happened by going to the library, but that can take forever. I think your best bet is to ask the teacher.
Minori: Right...! Then, I'll go ask for help!


48 1853:areatalk_3rdaniv_064

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: *Sigh* Am I gonna be okay...?
Haruka: What's wrong, Minori?
Minori: So, I'm supposed to teach my juniors in the animal caretaker committee how to look after the rabbits. But I don't know if what I'm gonna say will make sense to them...
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm sure you'll do just fine, Minori. Just the other day, you did a wonderful job of giving me directions.
Airi: Yeah. But if you're that worried, wanna try practicing what you're gonna say?
Minori: Practice?
Airi: Yeah, we'll pretend to be your juniors, so you try to teach us something as our senior.
Minori: M-Me teaching all of you?! As your senior?! I don't even know where to start!
Haruka: Hehe. This sounds like fun. I'd like to try being your junior for a change, Minori.
Minori: H-Haruka?! You too?!
Haruka: Please show us the way, Minori.
Minori: Sh-Sh-Shank you for giving me this amazing opportunity!
Shizuku: Oh... Hehe. Now you're speaking formally.


49 1854:areatalk_3rdaniv_065

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: Kohane! Look! Check out this magazine!
Kohane: Huh? Makeup tips to look more grown-up...?
An: Yeah! Now that we're second-years, I thought we could do something to try looking more like adults.
An: So, I'm gonna give you a makeover today to give you a more sophisticated look!
Kohane: W-Whaaat...?!
An: Don't worry! You've already succeeded once at changing your look, so I'm sure you're gonna become even cuter! So, let's go!
Kohane: W-Wait, An!


50 1855:areatalk_3rdaniv_066

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Hey, you've got your usual cap on...
Kohane: Huh? Oh, yeah...
Kohane: Everyone's been going for different looks lately, but these clothes still feel the most comfortable.
Akito: There's nothing wrong with sticking to a certain style. I mean, you chose this cap because it goes with your look, right?
Kohane: Oh...
Kohane: Hehe. Thanks. That means a lot coming from you, Shinonome, since you know so much about fashion.


51 1856:areatalk_3rdaniv_067

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Sorry, Azusawa. I know this is sudden, but would you mind showing me some of the photos you took on your camera recently?
Kohane: Huh? Sure, but why...?
Toya: I've been looking for ideas for songs but wanted to get a different perspective on things. That's why I thought your photos might help.
Kohane: Oh, okay...! Then, let's look at some together.
Kohane: My most recent ones are... Oh, of Count Pearl.
Toya: He has such a beautiful color.
Kohane: What else did I take...? Oh, here's a cat from my neighborhood, and a dog...
Toya: Also, sparrows, pigeons... Oh, this seems pretty rare. A wild tanuki...
Kohane: Haha... I guess I've been taking photos of a lot of animals...
Toya: Hmm... It could be interesting to make a song about animals.


52 1857:areatalk_3rdaniv_068

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

An: Hey, one of my friends from the class next door told me that we're gonna have a pop quiz in classics today!
Akito: Wait, seriously?
An: And people who don't pass get assigned extra homework!
Akito: Ugh... When do we have classics today?
An: Today...? Fourth period, right?
Akito: We don't have much time. We can't let extra homework get in the way of practice, so we gotta come up with a plan now.
An: Agreed...!
An: Also, Akito, isn't there something you need to say to me?
Akito: Huh? Oh, yeah... Thanks. Still, this isn't just my problem. You really need to study more often.
An: Thanks, Captain Obvious! Anyway, we're gonna pass today's quiz and practice like there's no tomorrow!


53 1858:areatalk_3rdaniv_069

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Speaking of which, Toya, you're on the library committee again, right?
Toya: Yes, since it seemed like I could work reception during lunch without having to sacrifice any practice time. Please feel free to ask if you're ever looking for a particular book.
An: Haha. Thanks! You're like a professional librarian at this point!
Toya: While we're on the subject, Shiraishi, you're on the broadcasting committee, yes...?
An: Yup. The teachers asked me to do it because no one signed up, but it's actually turning out to be really fun.
An: I get to play whatever songs I like during lunch, and the equipment's pretty easy to use since it's basically the same as the mixers and stuff we use during events.
Toya: I see... I didn't realize the school's equipment was so similar.
An: Oh, I know! We should totally use it someday to put on a show! We could even play it across the school's speakers!
An: Actually, wait... The sound quality isn't very good. I doubt it can handle that much bass.
Toya: Won't some other issues crop up first...?


54 1859:areatalk_3rdaniv_070

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: We're in different classes again this year. I wish we didn't have to keep going over to each others' classrooms before getting lunch and stuff.
Toya: Yes, but I don't think it's all bad.
Akito: What do you mean?
Toya: Well, this is just me thinking out loud, but... I feel that I'd end up talking to only you if we were in the same class.
Toya: In order to put on good performances, we're supposed to meet new people to see things from different perspectives and find inspiration, right?
Toya: As sad as I am about us not being placed in the same class, I plan on talking to my classmates as much as I can...
Akito: I didn't know you were also this serious about making friends...
Toya: I am?
Akito: Well, I guess that's just you being you. So, good luck.


55 1860:areatalk_3rdaniv_071

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (VBS): Kohane, you're on the cleanup committee, right? What do you guys usually do?
Kohane: So... We clean the school, water the flowers and... Oh, we also replant the flowers from time to time.
Miku (VBS): Oh, that sounds nice. And fun.
Kohane: Yeah, it is a lot of fun. I've definitely been visiting the flower beds more often since joining.
Kohane: I really like seeing when a bud's about to bloom, keeping an eye for flowers that need water and just taking care of them in general...
Miku (VBS): Hehe. It seems like the perfect committee for someone as kind-hearted as you, Kohane.
Kohane: Hehe. Thanks... Oh, that reminds me! Would you like to see those flowers? I took some photos of them.
Miku (VBS): Yes, I'd like to.


56 1861:areatalk_3rdaniv_072

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku)

Kohane: Hmm... I wish I could learn how to sing this song better... But I also want to work on that other one...
Miku (VBS): It sounds like there's quite a lot you want to get done today.
Kohane: There is, but am I being too optimistic for wanting to work on both?
Miku (VBS): I don't think so. Remember what KAITO always does when choosing between a parfait or pancakes? He usually goes with both.
Miku (VBS): Okay, bad example.
Kohane: But that sounds just like him.
Miku (VBS): It really is. So, what's the harm in working on both? KAITO seems so happy when he gets his pancakes and parfait and eats them too. He tends to feel stuffed after, though.
Kohane: You're right... I'm gonna try working on both!
Miku (VBS): *Nod* I'm sure you'll do just fine, Kohane.


57 1862:areatalk_3rdaniv_074

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Kagamine Len)

Len (VBS): Alright, this is it...! Everyone's been trying it, so I think it's time for me to give it a go...!
Kohane: Huh? Len, what are you doing?
Len (VBS): Hey, Kohane!
Len (VBS): I've been giving something called “espresso” a try lately. I can drink black coffee just fine now, but I still don't understand why people like this espresso stuff so much...
Len (VBS): Seeing you and the others working really hard made me want to try something new! So I'm giving this a go!
Kohane: ...! I see... Good luck, Len!
Len (VBS): Thanks! Bottoms up...
Len (VBS): ... Um, Kohane...?
Kohane: I know... Let's get you a latte.
Len (VBS): *Sob* Why's personal growth gotta be so hard...?


58 1863:areatalk_3rdaniv_076

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, MEIKO)

Kohane: Hmm... I feel like there's a better font for this sentence.
MEIKO (VBS): What are you working on, Kohane?
Kohane: A poster for the cleanup committee.
MEIKO (VBS): Oh, I see. “Let's put our garbage into separate bins.”
MEIKO (VBS): I might make one of these for myself... I've been telling myself for a while now that my waste sorting could use a little work.
Kohane: Then, why don't we make one together sometime? I was actually thinking about making a couple different versions.
MEIKO (VBS): Yes, let's! I'll get some cakes and drinks ready for when we do.
Kohane: Oh, thank you so much...! Then, I'll try learning which colors or layouts are the best at getting people's attention.


59 1864:areatalk_3rdaniv_078

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (VBS): An, I heard you and Akito are in the same class. That sounds like fun.
An: Really? Yeah, we're in the same class, but it's not like anything's different between us.
An: Oh, but to my surprise, Akito seems to have no problem answering the teachers' questions when they call on him during class...
An: I never thought he'd put more than the bare minimum effort into school since we're always taking supplementary classes together.
Miku (VBS): Oh? Does that mean he's studying when you're not looking?
An: Akito?! Not a chance!
An: Anyway, I don't wanna be the only one getting the wrong answers, so maybe I should study a little more.


60 1865:areatalk_3rdaniv_079

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (VBS): Hi, An! Welcome♪
An: Hey, Rin. Are you helping MEIKO today?
Rin (VBS): Yup! I really love talking to everyone who drops by.
An: I know what you mean! I also love talking to all the customers at Weekend Garage about stuff.
An: Unfortunately, I haven't had a chance to do that since my dad decided to close up shop for a little while.
Rin (VBS): Oh, right...
An: But I get to practice more in return. Plus, I can talk to them basically whenever I want. Right now, I'm focused on surpassing my dad and his team.
Rin (VBS): Right...! Then, lemme take your order! We'll whip up a drink that gives you a nice boost of energy♪


61 1866:areatalk_3rdaniv_080

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Kagamine Len)

Len (VBS): ————! ————~~~!
Len (VBS): Yeah! That sounded a lot better! One more time and...
An: Len, you sound really excited.
Len (VBS): Hey, An!
Len (VBS): Rin and Miku have gotten so much better after training in secret. So, I wanna surprise them by doing the same!
An: Cool! That explains why you seem so motivated!
An: Then, actually... Why don't we both secretly train together? We can give both our partners a big surprise!
Len (VBS): Whoa... That's a great idea! Alright, let's do it!


62 1867:areatalk_3rdaniv_082

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, MEIKO)

MEIKO (VBS): That reminds me, An, you're on the broadcasting committee now, right? What does that involve?
An: Well, a lot of different things. We make announcements at school, work as announcers during school events... Oh, and here's my favorite part—getting to play music over the speakers during lunch!
MEIKO (VBS): Oh, you get to play music? That sounds like fun.
An: Yes, it really is! I'll play something mellow if it's raining, and something upbeat on days when we're supposed to have tests and stuff.
An: Oh, people have even begun asking, “Hey, what was the name of that song you played?” from time to time.
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. It sounds like the perfect job for you.
MEIKO (VBS): I know... Why don't you play some songs that you recommend in the background today?
An: Wait, really?! Then, I'll pick songs that go perfectly with your delicious coffee!


63 1868:areatalk_3rdaniv_084

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Akito: Phew... Miku, how'd that sound?
Miku (VBS): Really good. I like the way you improvised during the last verse. Why don't you try it when you perform this for real?
Akito: Yeah... Then, I'll keep practicing what I just did.
Miku (VBS): I feel that you've reached another level recently, Akito.
Akito: I mean, I have been giving my singing absolutely everything I have. Not improving would be a problem...
Miku (VBS): Hehe. I like what I'm hearing. Then, let's try going for another hundred levels.
Akito: Whoa, slow down... Actually, wait. Maybe I should be aiming higher...


64 1869:areatalk_3rdaniv_086

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Kagamine Len)

Len (VBS): Okay, that's it for Class B... Now, what do I do for...?
Akito: What are you working on, Len?
Len (VBS): Huh?! Akito, I thought you went home!
Akito: I forgot something and came back to get it. Anyway, what is that...? Hm? Are these class rosters?
Len (VBS): Oh, well... Now that the cat's out of the bag...
Len (VBS): After hearing what you said the other day, Akito, we started talking about what it'd be like if we were in different classes. It seemed like fun, so...
Akito: You have MEIKO and Rin in Class A. Luka and Miku in Class B. Which means you and KAITO are in Class C?
Len (VBS): Yeah, that's the thing. I'm not sure how I feel about this now. I think it'd be a lot more fun if we were all in the same class, you know...?!
Akito: *Sigh* You guys get along too well, don't you?
Len (VBS): Huh?


65 1870:areatalk_3rdaniv_087

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Megurine Luka)

Luka (VBS): Akito, I heard you and An are in the same class. I hope that hasn't led to any arguments.
Akito: No, it hasn't. But she does really get on my nerves sometimes.
Luka (VBS): Oh? Why's that?
Akito: She always looks my way and grins whenever the teacher calls on me to answer a question during class.
Luka (VBS): Haha! Let me guess. Her grin gets even bigger when you get it wrong?
Akito: That hasn't happened since I've started reading up on what I'm gonna get grilled on. Still, it's kind of a pain...
Luka (VBS): (Well, it seems to be having a positive effect on him.)
Luka (VBS): (But I should probably avoid saying that. I'd rather not make him angry.)


66 1871:areatalk_3rdaniv_088

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, MEIKO)

MEIKO (VBS): Oh, Akito, hello. Another busy practice today?
Akito: Yes, Toya and the others should be here soon.
MEIKO (VBS): Then, perfect. I'm thinking about adding curry to the menu and was just making some. I was hoping that you'd all try some if practice has you feeling hungry.
Akito: Really? Thank you very much.
MEIKO (VBS): Oh no! I'm supposed to put carr...
Akito: Huh...?
MEIKO (VBS): Maybe I shouldn't put them in...
Akito: No, it's okay. I'll still have some. I mean, your dishes are usually good regardless of what you put in them.
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. I appreciate the compliment. I'll cut them into small pieces to make sure they're easier to eat.


67 1872:areatalk_3rdaniv_090

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (VBS): Thank you for waiting. Here's your usual blend, and a Mont Blanc cake that's not too sweet.
Toya: Thank you. Hm? This cake. Did you...?
Miku (VBS): Yes, I helped make it... Well, more specifically, I was in charge of turning the chestnut puree into vermicelli.
Miku (VBS): So, it should taste just fine despite being a little misshapen.
Toya: Yes, I see. I actually kind of enjoy how it seems like it could come to life at any moment.
Toya: Mmm... And it tastes more than just fine.
Miku (VBS): It does? Thank goodness. Then, I'll see if I can learn to make something more difficult.


68 1873:areatalk_3rdaniv_092

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

Len (VBS): Whoa! Toya, the outfit you're wearing today's so cool!
Toya: Thank you. I picked it out with Akito's help the other day.
Len (VBS): Man, this looks so awesome! I wanna try wearing a denim jacket for a change.
Toya: Then, I'll let you know the next time we go to this shop.
Len (VBS): Wait, you will? I totally wanna go!


69 1874:areatalk_3rdaniv_094

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO)

MEIKO (VBS): Here you are, Toya. Your usual coffee.
Toya: Thank you. A gentle and soothing aroma as always.
MEIKO (VBS): I appreciate the compliment. Still, Toya, don't you ever get bored of getting the same blend every time...?
Toya: No, not at all.
Toya: The environment around me, as well as myself... Quite a lot has been changing, so it's nice to be able to come back to something that remains constant.
Toya: So, if you don't mind, I'll be ordering the same coffee moving forward.
MEIKO (VBS): Understood... Then, please order as much as you like. I'll be ready to pour you a cup of deliciousness whenever.


70 1875:areatalk_3rdaniv_095

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, KAITO)

KAITO (VBS): Yes...! This track is much better now compared to before. It's like more of yourself has been incorporated, Toya.
Toya: Really...? Thank you very much. I couldn't have done this if you hadn't taught me how, KAITO.
KAITO (VBS): Haha. You give me far too much credit. Now, as a reward for all your hard work, why don't I brew you some coffee?
Toya: Oh, that's right. You also know how to brew coffee...
KAITO (VBS): I do! I think I mentioned this to you before, but I'm actually pretty good at it!
KAITO (VBS): I've even been thinking recently about learning how to bake cookies. You like langue de chat, right, Toya?
Toya: I do. Then... Would you mind teaching me how to make them when you do? I'm also a little interested in learning.
KAITO (VBS): You are? Then, we should try making them together!


71 1876:areatalk_3rdaniv_096

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: So, what are the teachers for your guys' classes like...?
Toya: Our teachers...? Mine's the male math teacher. He's very strait-laced and seems like a nice person.
An: What?! “Nice” is hardly the word I would use! I mean, he dropped a pop quiz on us right at the beginning of the new school year!
Toya: I don't see anything wrong with giving pop quizzes. If anything, I believe they do a good job of measuring one's academic aptitude. In that sense, I think he's a good teacher.
An: Oh c'mon, Toya, you don't have to be such a boy scout...
Kohane: Hehe... So, An, Shinonome, what's your teacher like?
Akito: Ours is that really old guy who teaches Japanese history. He seems like any old grandpa at first glance...
Akito: But he gets all worked up whenever he enters history mode. So much so that he's cried a few times when talking about famous samurai losing their lives in battle. He's definitely an interesting character...
Kohane: Really...? Hehe. He does sound interesting, but in a fun way.


72 1877:areatalk_3rdaniv_097

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: Oh, An, isn't this CD by that group you really like?
An: Yeah, they're great! They really know how to create a groovy vibe!
An: I actually got the committee to play one of their songs over the speakers during cleaning time at school.
Toya: Oh, that's right. You're on the broadcasting committee.
Akito: Quit abusing your powers like that.
An: I'm not abusing them! I just thought it'd lift everyone's spirits up since cleaning's always such a drag.
Akito: You got so into it that you got hardly any actual cleaning done.
Kohane: Huh?
An: Akito, don't say that in front of Kohane. Hey, while we're on that note, the teachers told you that it's too dangerous to wipe the floors while sprinting at full speed.
Akito: That had nothing to do with the song you chose.
An: Hey, don't lie to me.
Kohane: Hehe. Their class sounds like so much fun.
Toya: Yes, it does.


73 1878:areatalk_3rdaniv_098

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Emu: Oh, Tsukasa, have you joined a club? I haven't, but I did become a class representative!
Tsukasa: Did you come to ask a question or just to talk about yourself?!
Tsukasa: Anyway... Like you, I chose to forgo clubs and joined a committee instead.
Tsukasa: Behold, Kamiyama's new hall monitor!
Emu: Whoa, you're a hall monitor?! That's so cool...
Emu: That means you have to say, “Your skirt's too short,” and, “Too many piercings,” and, “No students from other schools allowed...!”
Emu: Wait a second... Does that mean you have to report me the next time I go to Kamiyama High?!
Tsukasa: Yes, that's right. So, you'll need to behave this year...
Emu: Aww... But I wanna go see you guys...
Emu: (No, I can still get Nene to help me...!)
Emu: (Next time I go, I'll let her know in secret☆)


74 1879:areatalk_3rdaniv_099

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Tsukasa, everyone around school's been talking about you guys.
Tsukasa: Hm? Us?
Nene: People are saying that they've been hearing even more explosions than last year.
Nene: You two being in the same class probably isn't helping.
Tsukasa: Very true... I have been taking part in more of Rui's experiments now that we spend so much time together.
Nene: Don't go overboard, okay? The teachers are already monitoring you guys.
Nene: Well, they probably put you both in the same class as an easy method to keep tabs on the school's troublemakers...
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! In that case, their plan has failed spectacularly.
Tsukasa: And I am no troublemaker! Rui forced me to do all those things!
Nene: Okay, fine. Then, stick to that story.


75 1880:areatalk_3rdaniv_100

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Heh heh heh heh...
Rui: Hm? You seem to be in an awfully good mood today.
Tsukasa: Yes, prepare to be amazed! I got the results back from my recent checkup.
Tsukasa: And it said I've grown a whole centimeter!
Rui: That's actually quite remarkable. Most males apparently stop growing around the age of fifteen.
Tsukasa: Yes. Stardom must be waiting... Not only does my acting ability hold great promise for the future, but my height also does!
Tsukasa: I may even overtake you, Rui! I hope you're prepared for the day when I look down on you from far above!
Rui: Hehe. That'd be phenomenal if you grew that much. I'd actually like to see that happen.
Rui: (I may want to keep quiet about growing two centimeters for now. I'd rather not rain on his parade...)


76 1881:areatalk_3rdaniv_101

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: Nene, how's your new class?
Emu: I have a lot of friends at Kamiyama High, so I wonder if I know any of your classmates!
Nene: Well, there's Shiraishi... And Shinonome...
Emu: Shinononome...?
Nene: The guy we competed with at that arcade. Remember? The split-personality guy.
Emu: Oh, Akito! He did that monster pose when we took Print Stickers together!
Emu: I didn't know you guys were in the same class! I'm glad you're with a friend!
Nene: F-Friend...? All we did was play some video games together for a little bit...
Nene: (I mean, I don't have a lot in common with either Shinonome or Shiraishi...)
Nene: (I wish I was the type of person who could get along with anyone like Emu...)


77 1882:areatalk_3rdaniv_102

[Main Street]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Rui, I'm so jealous that you guys all go to the same school.
Rui: Where's this coming from all of a sudden?
Emu: Well, I'm the only one who goes to a different school, so I don't get to help you with your fun-looking experiments and stuff!
Rui: Hehe. Yes, I do wish you could give us a hand with those.
Rui: You could conceivably transfer to Kamiyama High... But you also like your school quite a lot, yes?
Emu: Yup! I love everyone at Miya Girls, so I really don't wanna leave!
Emu: That's why I came up with a good idea...
Emu: They should put Kamiyama High and Miya Girls together to make a mega school! Sounds fun, right?!
Rui: Well...
Rui: Yes, that certainly would be fun.
Emu: See what I mean?! I might try suggesting it to the principal☆


78 1883:areatalk_3rdaniv_103

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: Wow, that flower bed... The flowers blooming in it look so lovely.
Rui: Hehe. Hearing you say that makes all the effort I put into them worth it.
Nene: You're on the greening committee, right? Have you actually been contributing...?
Rui: Of course. You can see those beautiful flower buds, yes?
Nene: Yeah, I can. But I'm having a hard time picturing you gardening...
Rui: Ah, that pains me. I've been watering the plants myself.
Rui: It's not just the flower beds. The tomatoes behind the school gym have also grown quite large!
Nene: Wait, Rui, you're the one who's been taking care of those oversized tomatoes...?!
Nene: I thought you'd cut corners with taking care of them... I mean, you hate vegetables.
Rui: It's the opposite, Nene. I avoid eating vegetables because I see them as living plants.
Nene: ...
Nene: For a second, I almost thought that made sense. What do you mean...?


79 1884:areatalk_3rdaniv_104

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): Oh! Hi, Tsukasa♪ What brings you here today?
Tsukasa: Oh, I was about to practice with KAITO and... Hm?
Tsukasa: Miku, the bow around your neck seems to have drifted to the right by three millimeters.
Miku (WxS): Wait, really?! I didn't notice at all!
Tsukasa: As a hall monitor, I, Tsukasa Tenma, cannot overlook this! Your misaligned bow is a sign of carelessness!
Tsukasa: Be sure to check yourself in the mirror before you come to school tomorrow!
Miku (WxS): Hall monitor? Before I come to school?
Tsukasa: *Sigh*
Tsukasa: Apologies. It seems my hall monitor persona took over.
Miku (WxS): That is to say, keeping an eye out for misaligned bows is a hall monitor's job...
Miku (WxS): That sounds like fun! I wanna try being one too!
Miku (WxS): I'm gonna go check if Rin and Len are wearing their bows and stuff properly☆
Tsukasa: Miku, wait! That's not the only responsibility we have!


80 1885:areatalk_3rdaniv_106

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Kagamine Len)

Tsukasa: Len, listen! I grew a whole centimeter this past year!
Len (WxS): Wow, really?! Congratulations, Tsukasa!
Len (WxS): I also wanna get taller, but I can't seem to grow at all... What do you think I should do?
Tsukasa: Hmm... Honestly, it's not like I do anything out of the ordinary...
Tsukasa: But why not start by just feeling like you're big and tall?
Len (WxS): Feeling like I'm big and tall?
Tsukasa: Yes. For example, act like a giant who puffs out his chest and lets out a jolly laugh! Hah hah hah hah!
Len (WxS): H-Hah hah hah hah!
Tsukasa: Yes, that's it!! Hah hah hah hah!!!
Len (WxS): Hah hah hah hah!!
Len (WxS): (Will I really get taller? I feel like this is just gonna make my voice louder...)


81 1886:areatalk_3rdaniv_107

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Megurine Luka)

Tsukasa: Sally sells seashells by the seashore!!!
Luka (WxS): You sound full of energy again today, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: That's because I am! We don't have any concrete plans for the future yet, but I can stay caught up on my basic training.
Tsukasa: I am practicing every day to be able to give 10,000% the next time I take the stage!
Luka (WxS): Hehe. I'm glad you're enjoying yourself so much.
Luka (WxS): Seeing you work so hard is... Making me sleepy...
Luka (WxS): Zzz...
Tsukasa: N-No, don't fall asleep here! Wait a second...!
Tsukasa: I should take this opportunity to work on my vocal projection.
Tsukasa: It's nearly impossible to wake Luka up whenever this happens, but if I were to succeed somehow...
Tsukasa: Yes...
Tsukasa: My glorious voice shall be heard throughout all of SEKAI!!


82 1887:areatalk_3rdaniv_109

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, KAITO)

KAITO (WxS): Tsukasa, you seem a little different now.
Tsukasa: Hm? You think so? I haven't gotten a haircut or anything like that...
KAITO (WxS): I think it's the way you're wearing your uniform now. You didn't wear a blazer as much before.
Tsukasa: Ah, you're right!
Tsukasa: Properly wearing a blazer makes me feel taller! Also, it helps me fulfill my new duties as a hall monitor!
Tsukasa: I must set a good example for the other students by wearing my uniform properly!
KAITO (WxS): Haha. That's very noble of you.
KAITO (WxS): (Still, Tsukasa as a hall monitor...)
KAITO (WxS): (His school may turn into a very fun place.)


83 1888:areatalk_3rdaniv_110

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): Wh-Whoa! Emu, you've got a big cloud on your tummy☆
Emu: Hehe. Isn't this cute?! I couldn't help but get this after seeing it!
Miku (WxS): No fair! I wanna go to a shop that sells cute clothes.
Emu: Then, let's go shopping together sometime! I'll let you know the next time I go to one☆
Miku (WxS): Wait, you mean it?! I can't wait☆


84 1889:areatalk_3rdaniv_111

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (WxS): Hmm... What should I do...?
Emu: What's wrong, Rin? Is something bothering you?
Rin (WxS): Oh, Emu! U-Um, so...
Rin (WxS): You guys aren't gonna be spending as much time at PXL now that you've left the Wonder Stage, right...?
Emu: Huh? No, that's not true.
Rin (WxS): What?!
Emu: We won't always be at the Wonder Stage like before, but we'll still do shows there if my family asks us to and stuff...
Emu: I mean, I still really love Phoenix Wonderland, so I wanna go visit when I can!
Rin (WxS): Oh, okay...!
Rin (WxS): Then, if you don't mind... Could you buy me some of that lemon-flavored popcorn the next time you're there...?
Emu: Popcorn?
Rin (WxS): Yeah! I haven't been able to get it out of my head, and I really wanna try it again!
Emu: Oh, now I see...!
Emu: Hehe. Then, I'll get some for you right away. Hope you're hungry☆


85 1890:areatalk_3rdaniv_113

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Megurine Luka)

Emu: Hi, Luka! Good wonderhoy☆
Luka (WxS): Hm? You seem even more energetic than usual today, Emu.
Emu: Hehe. I'm super duper happy because I made friends in my new class today♪
Luka (WxS): Oh, I see. Changing classes sounds so wonderful.
Emu: It is! You get to make a bunch of new friends...
Emu: And become even closer with people you've already met!
Emu: Oh, that reminds me. I'm in the same class as Tsukasa's little sister, Saki, this year!
Emu: I'm gonna get to know her really well, just like I did with Tsukasa!
Luka (WxS): Hehe. I'm sure that's going to be very fun.


86 1891:areatalk_3rdaniv_115

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, KAITO)

Emu: And so, I wasn't able to buy one of the new twisty tornado sweet buns at the school store...
KAITO (WxS): I see...
Emu: The line for it went out to the school gate... But I still haven't given up!
Emu: It's supposed to be amazingly good! So, I'm definitely gonna get my hands on one!
KAITO (WxS): *Nod* I understand how you feel about these new sweet buns, but about what we're on currently...
Emu: Oh, right...
Emu: I wanted to go on the roller coaster, so I decided to bring you along!!
KAITO (WxS): That's all?!


87 1892:areatalk_3rdaniv_116

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku)

Nene: Interesting... I guess this hasn't changed much over the years...
Miku (WxS): Oh, Nene, there you are☆ Whatcha reading?!
Nene: A book from a long time ago about acting techniques. I found it while organizing the books in the library.
Miku (WxS): Oh, that's right! You're on the library committee!
Nene: *Nod* I actually didn't feel too thrilled about it at first...
Nene: But it's better than I expected since I've been getting more chances to read interesting books like this one.
Miku (WxS): Yeah! Also, discovering this kind of book amongst so many is like finding buried treasure!
Nene: Yeah, you might be right.
Nene: Then, if I find anything I think you'll like, I'll be sure to bring them over.
Miku (WxS): Yay♪ I can't wait☆


88 1893:areatalk_3rdaniv_117

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (WxS): Nene! Nene! Have you become friends with any of your new classmates yet?!
Nene: Huh...?
Nene: Wh-Why do you ask...?
Rin (WxS): Hehe. Emu's been saying how she's been making new friends just about every day♪ She tells me all about them!
Rin (WxS): I get all excited every time I hear about a new one!
Rin (WxS): But you haven't told me anything yet, Nene. So, I wanna know if you've made any new friends!
Nene: Y-You don't have to ask me about those kinds of things.
Rin (WxS): Huh? Why not? Do you not want to tell me about them?
Nene: No, it's just...
Nene: W-We have practice today, so, uh... I'll let you know next time...!
Rin (WxS): You will?! I can't wait!
Nene: Yeah...


89 1894:areatalk_3rdaniv_120

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, MEIKO)

Nene: ♪————
Nene: Hmm... No, it's still not good enough...
MEIKO (WxS): You sounded incredible just now!
Nene: Huh...?! Y-You were listening?
MEIKO (WxS): Of course. How could I not stop to listen to such beautiful singing?
MEIKO (WxS): But the genre of that song differs from the ones you normally sing. It felt more powerful and full of energy.
Nene: *Nod* I realized that I need to be able to master the songs of any role I play, so I'm challenging myself to some that I'm not used to...
Nene: But it's not going as well as I'd hoped. I'm having trouble figuring out the right way to sing them... Wait...
MEIKO (WxS): Umm... Is there something stuck to my face?
Nene: I just realized that the best person to ask is right in front of me...
Nene: Please! Teach me how to really belt!


90 1895:areatalk_3rdaniv_121

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, KAITO)

KAITO (WxS): Nene, has becoming a second-year brought about any big changes for you?
Nene: Hmm... I joined a new committee, but that's about it. I'm still in the same club as last year.
KAITO (WxS): The film club, yes? What does that normally involve?
Nene: We usually watch movies together and discuss what we thought of them.
Nene: The ones who are really into it are even trying to make their own film.
KAITO (WxS): Their own film? That's incredible!
Nene: Yeah. I'm not interested in making movies or anything, and I also had a lot of trouble expressing my opinions at first...
Nene: But I've gotten much better at it recently, so I'm having a lot more fun compared to before.
KAITO (WxS): I see. That's wonderful to hear.


91 1896:areatalk_3rdaniv_122

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): Ring ring! Rui! Ring ring! Rui, are you there?!
Rui: Hello, this is Rui Kamishiro. How can I help you?
Miku (WxS): So, I think that device you made broke. The lift that carries people beyond the stars, you know?!
Miku (WxS): We won't be able to do our next show without it... Would you mind taking a look at it for us?
Rui: Of course. After all, it's the maker's job to provide good customer service.
Miku (WxS): Thank goodness!! Everyone's gonna be so relieved!
Rui: (It broke already...? I designed it to be fairly robust.)
Rui: (I was expecting it to last for three years... They must've been practicing with it quite a lot.)


92 1897:areatalk_3rdaniv_124

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Len)

Len (WxS): Rui, you've been wearing those clothes a lot lately! Did you just buy them?
Rui: Yes, I thought I should get a new outfit to start the new term feeling fresh.
Len (WxS): Cool! I like this design. All these arrows pointing in different directions...
Len (WxS): Down, left, left, down...
Len (WxS): Right, left, up...?
Rui: Oh dear. Staring at it so intently may make you dizzy.


93 1898:areatalk_3rdaniv_126

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, MEIKO)

MEIKO (WxS): Rui, you and Tsukasa are third-years now, right?!
MEIKO (WxS): How does it feel to be in your final year at school? Do any of your juniors see you as their role model?
Rui: Hmm... I'm not sure if they do, but I have been getting a lot of attention.
MEIKO (WxS): Oh, really? That's great!
Rui: Yes, well... The new students seem to have their eyes on me as well.
Rui: In particular, when I'm talking to one of the teachers in the corridor.
MEIKO (WxS): Wait, doesn't that mean...?
MEIKO (WxS): (Is he really getting the right kind of attention...?)


94 1899:areatalk_3rdaniv_127

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

Rui: Hello, KAITO. Thank you for inviting me to see your show today.
KAITO (WxS): Of course, Rui. Thank you for coming to watch. Did you enjoy yourself?
Rui: I did. The way that small snake triumphed over the giant gorilla who was spreading fear throughout the jungle... It was a spectacle to behold...
KAITO (WxS): Haha. I'm glad you enjoyed it so much. This show actually proved to be quite the challenge.
Rui: Well, it did feel a bit different from your usual shows.
Rui: In particular, the way the torches lit up during the final battle... I've never seen you use such an innovative effect for one of your shows before.
Rui: How did you do that exactly?
KAITO (WxS): That's a trade secret. Or rather... I actually based it off of one of your ideas, Rui.
Rui: One of my ideas?
KAITO (WxS): Yes. Getting to see your shows many times over has helped us learn a lot.
KAITO (WxS): It's not just Wonderlands×Showtime that is evolving. We are as well.
Rui: (I see... KAITO and the others have been growing alongside us. In that sense...)
Rui: We continue to inspire one another. I'd certainly call that an incredibly special connection.


95 1900:areatalk_3rdaniv_128

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: P-P-Parfaits♪ Fun, fun parfaits with everyone♪
Rui: Hehe. You seem to be in a good mood, Emu.
Nene: We've been so busy lately. It's nice that we finally get to go out for parfaits again like this.
Emu: Yeah, exactly! Also, they've apparently added some seasonal stuff to their menu!
Emu: I already know what I'm getting! The supersized seasonal fruits parfait with a mountain of whipped cream!
Tsukasa: The name alone is making my stomach ache...
Rui: Still, I'm glad that we're getting the opportunity to go out for parfaits again.
Rui: In a different universe, it may not have been possible for us to all hang out like this...
Nene: Rui...
Emu: Yeah...
Emu: So, let's keep going out for parfaits together in the future!
Tsukasa: Wait, that's your takeaway?!


96 1901:areatalk_3rdaniv_129

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: “Now, take a look inside this box!”
Tsukasa: Hmm... That didn't sound quite right.
Emu: Are you practicing on your own, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Yes. I'm trying to act out a section of a play I got from the library, but I can't seem to get it right.
Tsukasa: I'm playing a peddler from the Edo period, but I'm having so much trouble wrapping my head around this character...
Nene: That sounds pretty hard since we haven't actually done many historical plays.
Rui: I agree. However, we should get more chances to learn about the things we haven't experienced yet in the future.
Tsukasa: Yes, you're right... I am sure I can use those opportunities to finally comprehend that which I have yet to realize...
Tsukasa: I am looking forward to seeing what these uncharted lands have to offer!
Rui: Hehe. As am I.


97 1902:areatalk_3rdaniv_130

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Kanade: Mafuyu, you're also a third-year now...
Kanade: This past year went by so quickly. And so much happened...
Mafuyu: You're right...
Kanade: We went to a lot of different places. The doll exhibit, the mystery tour, the amusement park...
Kanade: I hope we get the chance to go to even more...
Mafuyu: Such as...?
Kanade: Umm... Nothing immediately comes to mind.
Kanade: But, anywhere works. As long as you want to go, I'll be there.
Mafuyu: Okay...


98 1903:areatalk_3rdaniv_131

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

Kanade: So many people. I'm even having trouble walking.
Ena: Yeah. And a lot of them are just hanging out. Oh, wait a second...
Ena: All the university clubs and groups might be holding welcome parties for new members.
Kanade: Oh, right... It is that time of year.
Kanade: Everyone's really energetic... Oh, those people are making some odd noises...
Ena: Geez, they sound like party animals. Remind me to never hang out with people like that.


99 1904:areatalk_3rdaniv_132

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hmm... Which one to get...?
Kanade: Mizuki, what are you looking at?
Mizuki: Oh, Kanade! I'm a second-year now, right? I figured it's my chance to try a new look!
Kanade: A new look?
Mizuki: Yeah! I'm going for something that screams, “The New Me!”
Mizuki: So, which ribbon do you think is better...?! I like this velour one, but this lace one's also really cute!
Kanade: Umm... I'm not sure either is going to lead to that big a change...


100 1905:areatalk_3rdaniv_133

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Here, take these.
Mafuyu: ...? Pencils and a sketchbook...?
Ena: Yeah. I mean... They'll help take your mind off of things.
Mafuyu: But you get so stressed whenever you draw...
Ena: Well, duh! That's because I'm taking art seriously!
Ena: Still, I think you should give drawing a try since it can be pretty rewarding...
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: Thank you. I'll give it a try...
Ena: You will? Then, show me when you've drawn something.


101 1906:areatalk_3rdaniv_134

[Main Street]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Mafuyu, take a look at me now that I'm a second-year! Notice anything different♪
Mafuyu: Did you change your blush...?
Mizuki: Whoa! How did you know?!
Mafuyu: You gave a pretty big hint by pointing at your cheeks.
Mizuki: Well, you're exactly right! And as your reward... Here you are! Some blush chosen by yours truly!
Mafuyu: Something tells me you were going to give me this regardless of how I answered...
Mizuki: Hehe. You got me...


102 1907:areatalk_3rdaniv_135

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Oh, Ena! Isn't this pic cute?!
Ena: Is that Rin? Oh, a new hairstyle. It looks good.
Mizuki: Right? I did her hair when I went over the other day, and it turned out great!
Mizuki: I said that she should keep it like this for a little while, but she was really against it.
Ena: Yeah, I don't blame her. Still, this does really suit her. I wish I was there to see it.
Mizuki: Then, let's try convincing Rin together! She might reconsider if we both asked her really nicely♪
Ena: You think she'll bend that easily? Oh, but she might be willing to listen to Kanade and Mafuyu...
Mizuki: Then, the four of us should ask her together! No, wait! Let's make a little fashion show out of it! It'll be so much fun!
Ena: No way.
Mizuki: What?!


103 1908:areatalk_3rdaniv_136

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Hatsune Miku)

Kanade: Whoa! Miku, you know how to blow bubble gum...?
Miku (N25): *Nod* Mizuki said, “It's fun to try something new when the seasons change.”
Kanade: So you learned how to blow bubble gum? That's incredible. And the bubble's so big.
Miku (N25): Do you not know how, Kanade?
Kanade: No, I could never get the hang of it...
Miku (N25): ...
Kanade: Miku, if you don't mind, could you teach me how?
Miku (N25): Okay...!


104 1909:areatalk_3rdaniv_137

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (N25): ...? Something smells good...
Kanade: Oh, Rin. Are you alone?
Rin (N25): Yeah. Kanade, that box you're holding...
Kanade: Oh, this? My housekeeper just brought it over, but I can't finish it by myself. So, I thought we could all share it once everyone gets here...
Rin (N25): Apple pie...?
Kanade: Want some now, Rin...?
Rin (N25): It's not like I... Uh...
Rin (N25): Maybe just a little...
Kanade: Hehe. Then, give me a second to get you a slice.


105 1910:areatalk_3rdaniv_138

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Kagamine Len)

Len (N25): Wh-What do I do...?
Kanade: Huh? Is something wrong, Len? You seem anxious.
Len (N25): Oh, umm... Luka and I are playing hide-and-seek because she said she was bored...
Len (N25): But in the middle of seeking, she began saying, “You know what's going to happen if I don't find you, right?”
Kanade: Th-That's terrifying...
Luka's Voice (Luka-N25): Oh, is that where you were hiding?
Len & Kanade: *Gasp*


106 1911:areatalk_3rdaniv_140

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, MEIKO)

Kanade: I don't see anyone today. Huh...?
MEIKO (N25): ...
Kanade: (MEIKO's reading a magazine. Maybe one that Mizuki brought over?)
Kanade: (But she keeps staring at the same page for some reason... What's she looking at...?)
Kanade: Best Hot Springs: Unwind, Refresh, Repeat...?
MEIKO (N25): ...! Kanade, when did you get here?
Kanade: S-Sorry for looking over your shoulder like that. Are you interested in hot springs...?
MEIKO (N25): Well, they just seem like places where you can sit and focus on your thoughts is all.
Kanade: I'd say so. They really let you relax and mull things over.
Kanade: (Hehe. She didn't say she wasn't interested.)


107 1912:areatalk_3rdaniv_142

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Mafuyu: ...
Miku (N25): ...
Mafuyu: (Miku isn't saying anything...)
Mafuyu: (But for some reason, I know exactly what she's thinking...)
Mafuyu: Thank you, Miku...


108 1913:areatalk_3rdaniv_145

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Megurine Luka)

Luka (N25): Oh, Mafuyu, take a look at this.
Mafuyu: An insect encyclopedia...? What's this doing in SEKAI?
Luka (N25): Ena was apparently referencing it while drawing. I was just... Ah, this page.
Mafuyu: “The Pupa Stage”...?
Luka (N25): During this growth phase, they wait silently without eating anything.
Luka (N25): Not doing anything would bore me to tears, but the phenomenon itself is so interesting. Can you imagine stopping in order to grow?
Mafuyu: ... Stopping in order to grow...?


109 1914:areatalk_3rdaniv_146

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, MEIKO)

MEIKO (N25): Oh, that looks like...
MEIKO (N25): It's rare to see you so sleepy. Oh...
MEIKO (N25): What awful dark circles you have...
Mafuyu: MEIKO...?
MEIKO (N25): Don't mind me. Keep sleeping. Lean on me if you like.
Mafuyu: ... Thank you...
MEIKO (N25): (I hope one day you can finally get some proper rest...)


110 1915:areatalk_3rdaniv_147

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, KAITO)

Mafuyu: (I don't see them anywhere...)
Mafuyu: Oh...
Mafuyu: KAITO...
KAITO (N25): I heard you became a student representative again.
Mafuyu: Huh? Oh, um... Y-Yes, I did...
KAITO (N25): Are you doing it because you truly want to?
Mafuyu: I don't know... But I've been one since junior high school, so it sort of relaxes me...
KAITO (N25): If you say so...
Mafuyu: Huh...? What was that about...?


111 1916:areatalk_3rdaniv_148

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Ena: Hi, Miku! Here, I got you a present.
Miku (N25): A coloring book...?
Ena: Yeah, it's from the same series as before. I heard that they released a new one, so I decided to buy it.
Miku (N25): Thank you... This is very exciting.
Miku (N25): I'll work on it with Len later.
Ena: Okay. Oh... Hehe.
Miku (N25): ...? Is something wrong?
Ena: No, it's just... I gave you the other one so you wouldn't feel lonely...
Ena: But it's nice to see how you get to work on it with everyone in SEKAI now.
Miku (N25): Oh... Yes, you're right.


112 1917:areatalk_3rdaniv_149

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Kagamine Rin)

Ena: Hey Rin, look at this.
Rin (N25): A sketchbook?
Ena: Yeah, my drawings of you, Miku and the others are really starting to pile up.
Ena: I guess it just means I've been spending that much time in SEKAI.
Rin (N25): I see...
Rin (N25): Then, wanna draw me again...?
Ena: Oh, are you sure?
Rin (N25): I don't mind. I just have to sit still, right...?
Ena: Yeah. Then, I guess I'll add another to the pile.


113 1918:areatalk_3rdaniv_151

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Megurine Luka)

Luka (N25): Ena, how's school going?
Ena: Okay, I guess? The new term has started, but it feels like nothing's changed.
Luka (N25): I see. But your schoolwork is going to be more difficult, no?
Ena: Yeah, true... But I spend so much time drawing that I'm not studying as much as I probably should.
Ena: *Sigh* And I just remembered that I still have homework left to do...
Luka (N25): Would you like me to lend you a hand with that?
Ena: Wait, does that mean you can teach me?
Luka (N25): I won't know until I see for myself. It just seemed like a little fun is all.
Ena: Fun? Still, it's better than nothing...
Ena: I should be able to concentrate better with your help. I'm counting on you, Luka.


114 1919:areatalk_3rdaniv_153

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, KAITO)

KAITO (N25): Hey.
Ena: Huh? KAITO? Is something wrong?
KAITO (N25): You were talking with her just now, right? What were you two discussing?
Ena: Her...? Oh, you mean Mafuyu?
Ena: Not much. Class, committee duties... Mostly just school stuff.
KAITO (N25): I see...
Ena: Are you worried about Mafuyu...? You could've just asked her yourself, you know?
KAITO (N25): Me butting in would've made it difficult to talk as freely, would it not?
Ena: I don't think so, but...
Ena: (I guess he's just trying to be considerate...)


115 1920:areatalk_3rdaniv_154

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Mizuki: Miku, are you interested in fashion at all?
Miku (N25): Fashion...? I don't really understand it...
Miku (N25): But I do think you look cute in that outfit, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Thanks! Anyway, we should have you try on a bunch of different outfits!
Miku (N25): Me...?
Mizuki: Yeah. The thing is, I have my eye on some clothes that I think would look great on you.
Mizuki: If you want, I'll go buy some for you. How about it?
Miku (N25): Okay... That sounds nice.
Mizuki: Woohoo! I can't wait to see how you look in them!


116 1921:areatalk_3rdaniv_156

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama, Kagamine Len)

Mizuki: Hey, Len! This is for you!
Len (N25): Oh, a frog plushie. It's so big...
Len (N25): Thanks, Mizuki. But what's the occasion?
Mizuki: One of my classmates gave it to me. He apparently won a few too many from claw machines.
Mizuki: I asked him if I could give it to another friend, and he said yes!
Len (N25): I see... This plushie's so soft and cuddly...
Mizuki: Haha! I'm glad you like it so much.
Len (N25): I do...! Please thank this classmate of yours for me.
Mizuki: Sure thing! He'll be happy to hear♪


117 1922:areatalk_3rdaniv_157

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama, Megurine Luka)

Luka (N25): Oh, Mizuki, is that a new hair ribbon?
Mizuki: Yup! A new term has started, so I decided to change up my accessories.
Luka (N25): Yes, I see. It looks very nice on you.
Mizuki: I know, right?!
Mizuki: Oh, speaking of which. I'll bring over some accessories for you to try on later, Luka.
Luka (N25): Oh, are you sure?
Mizuki: Of course! You should join in on the fun and come up with a new look!
Luka (N25): Thank you. Hehe. It might be nice to try and change things up...


118 1923:areatalk_3rdaniv_158

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama, MEIKO)

Mizuki: MEIKO, do you prefer to read over looking at photos and stuff?
MEIKO (N25): Yes, I do. Where's this coming from all of a sudden...?
Mizuki: I've noticed that you like to go through all the columns whenever you're reading a magazine.
Mizuki: Want me to bring over some novels or non-fiction books? My house is full of that kind of stuff!
MEIKO (N25): Yes, well...
MEIKO (N25): I am interested in any writing that expresses the subtle differences in the minds of people.
Mizuki: That's the spirit! I'll head back and start looking right now!


119 1924:areatalk_3rdaniv_160

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Kanade: Phew... This place really is nice and quiet.
Mizuki: I know, right?! The area around the station's been so packed lately that it's been hard to get to where you wanna go.
Ena: Yeah, and there's usually a huge influx of people this time of year. Can't half of them just disappear...?
Mafuyu: Ena, you sound like a supervillain...
Ena: A supervillain...? No, I doubt I'm the only one thinking that.
Mizuki: “Heh heh heh. Foolish humans! As punishment for multiplying too quickly, half of you shall disappear!”
Kanade: If you think about it, keeping half around sounds pretty merciful...
Mafuyu: I agree.
Ena: Wait, what do you mean?!


120 1925:areatalk_3rdaniv_161

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: *Sigh* I can't believe our usual diner's full.
Ena: What should we do? It's a bit of a pain, but wanna try finding somewhere else to go?
Kanade: Yes, but... I have a feeling that other places are going to be just as crowded...
Mafuyu: How about a park...?
Ena: Huh?
Mafuyu: The parks usually aren't too crowded.
Mizuki: Oh, true! It's nice out, so we can grab some drinks and hang out there!
Kanade: In that case, why not go to the flower bed from before? I heard it's time for them to start blooming.
Ena: Really? I might try sketching some.
Mizuki: Hehe. This might turn into a fun, little picnic♪


121 1926:areatalk_3rdaniv_162

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (Ln): Hey, Miku-P! Is it just me or do Ichi and the others seem more mature now?!
Miku (Ln): You may be right. They seem more mature in the sense that they have much more confidence in themselves now...
Rin (Ln): I knew you'd understand! Which is why...!
Rin (Ln): We should try to be more mature just like them!
Miku (Ln): More mature...? I don't even know where to begin.
Rin (Ln): Hmm... What if...?
Rin (Ln): Oh, I could wear a bigger bow! And you could wear a bigger hair clip!
Miku (Ln): I'm not sure bigger accessories are going to make us seem more mature...


122 1927:areatalk_3rdaniv_163

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Len (Ln): Hey, Miku, do you know where the CD player is?
Miku (Ln): I think it's in the classroom next door... Is there a song you'd like to listen to?
Len (Ln): Yeah. I want to play the CDs I borrowed from Shiho.
Miku (Ln): CDs you borrowed...? There are quite a few of them now.
Miku (Ln): And they're all by bands most of us have never heard of before. Did she recommend them to you?
Len (Ln): No, I asked for them. You know how everyone's been getting better and better recently?
Len (Ln): I need to keep up with them, so I thought I should start listening to as many different bands as I can.
Miku (Ln): I see...
Miku (Ln): In that case, I'd like to join you.


123 1928:areatalk_3rdaniv_164

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Miku (Ln): *Nod* It really was incredible.
Luka (Ln): Hm? What are you listening to?
Miku (Ln): The most recent Leo/need show. I wanted to listen to it again, so I asked for a copy of their recording.
Luka (Ln): Oh, they recorded their performance?
Miku (Ln): Yes, and now that I've listened to it again, it's clear that their singing and playing have improved so much compared to when we first met them.
Luka (Ln): Hehe. Yes. I felt the same way after seeing that show.
Luka (Ln): We also need to keep improving.
Miku (Ln): I know. We need to keep doing our best for them as their seniors...
Luka (Ln): (Hehe. It looks like they aren't the only ones who've grown...)


124 1929:areatalk_3rdaniv_165

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Miku (Ln): Oh, MEIKO. Do you want to have a session with Ichika and the others when they get here today?
MEIKO (Ln): That sounds fun. What song did you have in mind?
Miku (Ln): One that we haven't gotten the chance to play recently. Like this song. We used to practice it with them a lot.
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, this one. Hehe. That takes me back...
MEIKO (Ln): This was a tough one for the girls back then since it's such a technically demanding song.
MEIKO (Ln): But I have a feeling they'll be able to play it just fine now.
Miku (Ln): *Nod* I feel the same way.
Miku (Ln): I sort of want to see what they can do with it now.
MEIKO (Ln): Me too. However, that means we'll need to show them how much we've improved as well.
MEIKO (Ln): So, I think I'll practice playing it until they get here.
Miku (Ln): Oh... Then, I'll join you!


125 1930:areatalk_3rdaniv_166

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Miku (Ln): Hmm...
KAITO (Ln): Is something on your mind, Miku?
Miku (Ln): This has more to do with Ichika than me. She apparently wants to learn a way to get to know others faster...
KAITO (Ln): Huh? Why's that...?
Miku (Ln): She's in a new class now, so she wants to make some new friends.
KAITO (Ln): I see. However, I'm not sure if I'll be able to help... You may want to ask Rin or MEIKO instead.
Miku (Ln): Right. I think I'll ask everyone since I can't come up with a solution on my own.
KAITO (Ln): (Still, it must be hard having to get to know new classmates each year...)
KAITO (Ln): (I'm glad this place isn't anything like the girls' school...)


126 1931:areatalk_3rdaniv_168

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

Rin (Ln): *Sigh*
Luka (Ln): Why the big sigh, Rin?
Rin (Ln): Oh. Hi, Luka...
Rin (Ln): Ichi and the others have juniors to look after now that they're second-years, right? I'm kinda jealous since I'm still basically everyone's junior.
Luka (Ln): Then, why don't I be your junior for today...?
Rin (Ln): Huh? You'll be my junior?
Luka (Ln): Yes. So, as my senior, I hope you'll teach me lots of new things.
Rin (Ln): Oh, this sounds fun! Then, I'll show you how to decorate your sheet music and stylize your uniform in different ways☆
Luka (Ln): Hehe. That does sound fun. Show me the way, Rin.


127 1932:areatalk_3rdaniv_171

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

Luka (Ln): Len, are you drawing another picture?
Len (Ln): Yeah, it's of the girls performing. I wanna show them my support since they're practicing so hard for their big debut.
Luka (Ln): I see. I'm sure they'll love what you make for them.
Len (Ln): Hehe... Actually, I'm a little stuck right now. I've been trying to draw everyone, but I can't fit them on one page of my sketchbook.
Luka (Ln): I see... Then, why not use a chalkboard?
Luka (Ln): You'd have much more room to draw, and the girls are going to be so surprised when they walk into the classroom and see your drawing.
Len (Ln): Hey, great idea! Thanks, Luka.
Luka (Ln): You're welcome. I'm looking forward to seeing the finished product.


128 1933:areatalk_3rdaniv_174

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

MEIKO (Ln): Luka, your sound has this extra bit of energy in it today.
Luka (Ln): Hehe. You may be right.
Luka (Ln): After seeing the girls practice so hard, I couldn't help but also want to do my best.
MEIKO (Ln): I know what you mean. I wasn't sure how they would turn out...
MEIKO (Ln): But they've grown into incredible performers. They'll surpass us soon if we're not careful.
Luka (Ln): We couldn't call ourselves their seniors if that happened.
Luka (Ln): That means we need to do everything we can to keep being the role models they look up to.


129 1934:areatalk_3rdaniv_175

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Megurine Luka, KAITO)

Luka (Ln): Oh, KAITO, I heard that Saki bought some fun snacks and toys for us.
Luka (Ln): Why don't we go over together to see?
KAITO (Ln): Sure, let's go...
Luka (Ln): Hehe. You're so much more outgoing now.
KAITO (Ln): Huh...?
Luka (Ln): You used to only spend a short amount of time with us or flat out refuse whenever we invited you.
KAITO (Ln): Yes, well... I wasn't exactly a fan of noisy places.
KAITO (Ln): But Rin and Saki have helped me get used to that.
Luka (Ln): Yes, they're always so cheerful.
Luka (Ln): (I wouldn't want KAITO to change his mind, so I'll keep Rin's plot to surprise him with a jack-in-the-box a secret for now...)


130 1935:areatalk_3rdaniv_177

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Miku (Ln): Everyone, what if we assigned ourselves to student committees like the ones the girls are in?
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, that sounds like fun. Which would you like to be in, Miku?
Miku (Ln): I think the student council. Ichika said it's hard work, but also really rewarding.
Luka (Ln): As for me, I'd like to be on the cleanup committee. I don't mind cleaning, and it's always nice to see a spotless classroom.
MEIKO (Ln): Good idea! I wonder what I should be on...
Miku (Ln): How about a hall monitor? I think keeping things in order really suits you.
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, that sounds perfect! I'd also love greeting everyone.
Luka (Ln): Hehe. Being greeted by you sounds like a wonderful start to the day.
Miku (Ln): Okay, we have our choices.
Luka (Ln): Yes. We should also ask Rin and the others about their preferred committees later.


131 1936:areatalk_3rdaniv_178

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Len (Ln): Rin, it's normal to get excited during the chorus, but you went too fast there.
Rin (Ln): What, no! You were going too slow, Len!
KAITO (Ln): (Uh oh... They're arguing again. Should I stop them...?)
Rin (Ln): I know! Let's ask KAITO! He'll decide who's right!
KAITO (Ln): What?
Len (Ln): Yeah, KAITO, you heard us play just now. What do you think?
KAITO (Ln): U-Umm...
KAITO (Ln): (Wh-What should I say...?)
Len (Ln): Sorry, KAITO... We didn't mean to trouble you by getting you involved.
Len (Ln): Sorry for blaming you so quickly, Rin.
Rin (Ln): No, I did get a bit worked up... Let's try that again with the metronome on!
KAITO (Ln): (Oh, they made up...?)


132 1937:areatalk_3rdaniv_179

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Miku (MMJ): Something recreational?
Rin (MMJ): Yeah! The girls have been super busy lately, so I thought we could help them take a little break!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, in that case... Something recreational that also works as practice may be nice.
Miku (MMJ): For instance, the activities they did during their summer training camp ended up being both fun and helpful.
Rin (MMJ): Oh, right...! Then, how about something like “Strike-A-Pose Red Light, Green Light♪”
Rin (MMJ): Whenever the leader turns around, you don't just stop! You have to strike an idol-like pose!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, that sounds really fun! It should help them come up with poses on the spot during shoots for magazines and such!
Miku (MMJ): Let's ask KAITO about this and hammer out the rules with him♪
Rin (MMJ): Okay!


133 1938:areatalk_3rdaniv_180

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Len (MMJ): Hey, Miku, did you hear? Minori and the others improved their fitness exam scores.
Miku (MMJ): Fitness exam?
Len (MMJ): Yeah, it's a test of their basic athletic abilities. It apparently involves sprinting short distances, doing sidestepping drills and stuff.
Miku (MMJ): I didn't know about that! They practice every day, so it must be nice for them to see the fruits of their labor.
Len (MMJ): Yeah, about that... What if we ran the same tests?
Len (MMJ): It might be good for us to list out our strengths and weaknesses. Plus, like you said, seeing improvements should serve as good motivation for all of us.
Miku (MMJ): Yes, I'd like to try that as well♪ Let's go see what the others think!


134 1939:areatalk_3rdaniv_181

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Luka (MMJ): Haruka and the others said they're already studying for midterms. I feel like they just moved up a year.
Miku (MMJ): Wait, already?
Luka (MMJ): They said they have to get a head start because of work.
Miku (MMJ): I see... It's so incredible how they're juggling work and school at the same time.
Miku (MMJ): I wish we could do something to help...
Luka (MMJ): Me too... Oh, I know! Why don't we offer them massages whenever they feel fatigued?
Luka (MMJ): Airi even said the other day that her shoulders start aching after studying for an extended period.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, good idea! That'll be refreshing both physically and mentally♪
Luka (MMJ): Then, Miku, I'll try giving you a massage first. Please tell me if I press too hard or not hard enough.
Miku (MMJ): Okay, will do!
Luka (MMJ): Hello, miss. Is there anywhere specific you'd like me to focus on?
Miku (MMJ): Hmm... I think my shoulders...
Luka (MMJ): Of course♪ Ready?
Miku (MMJ): Wh-Whoa...! Luka, you're really good at this! So good that... I'm starting to feel sleepy...
Luka (MMJ): Oh? I think I just found my hidden talent♪


135 1940:areatalk_3rdaniv_182

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Miku (MMJ): And for this part, you... Turn!
MEIKO (MMJ): Hm? Isn't that a MORE MORE JUMP! dance routine?
Miku (MMJ): Yes, it is! I wanted to try it because it's such a cute dance.
MEIKO (MMJ): I totally see what you mean! The part during the chorus is a bit tricky, but...
Miku (MMJ): That's the thing!
Miku (MMJ): I just realized after trying it myself, but I'm astonished by how difficult it is!
Miku (MMJ): I really want to master it, so please help me, MEIKO!
MEIKO (MMJ): (That seems to have lit a fire under Miku's idol spirit.)


136 1941:areatalk_3rdaniv_183

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Miku (MMJ): One, two, three, four...
KAITO (MMJ): Hm? Miku, are you practicing a new song?
Miku (MMJ): I am! It's a song that the girls are going to do a cover of soon. I want to learn it now so I can help them when they practice it♪
KAITO (MMJ): Yes, I see... I'm sure it'll be a huge help if they can learn the song as quickly as possible! They've been so busy with work. I'm impressed, Miku.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Remember how Minori said the other day that we're just as much a part of MORE MORE JUMP! as they are?
Miku (MMJ): So, I want to keep giving them more and more support♪
KAITO (MMJ): Yes, then... In return, I'm going to support you in whatever ways I can!
KAITO (MMJ): So, here's some water and a towel. Also, please make sure to take breaks when you can.
Miku (MMJ): I will! Thanks, KAITO.


137 1942:areatalk_3rdaniv_184

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Rin (MMJ): A new term. It's a nice feeling, don't you think♪
Len (MMJ): Where's this coming from?
Rin (MMJ): Because everyone's got this sparkle in the eyes, you know? They're on new committees, making new friends...
Rin (MMJ): And I think that's really great!
Len (MMJ): Yeah, I see what you mean since it's a time for new beginnings.
Len (MMJ): But even we can experience that if we think outside the box a little bit, can't we?
Rin (MMJ): Huh?
Len (MMJ): For example, we can swap positions for dances, change who sings what for certain songs...
Len (MMJ): I know those don't sound all that noteworthy, but small differences like that can feel pretty big.
Rin (MMJ): Yeah, okay...!
Rin (MMJ): Nice idea, Len! Let's give what you just said a try♪


138 1943:areatalk_3rdaniv_185

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

Rin (MMJ): Luka, can we shake hands?!
Luka (MMJ): Yes, of course. Thank you for all your support♪
Rin (MMJ): Wh-Whoa! How are you able to say that so naturally?!
Rin (MMJ): Everyone from MORE MORE JUMP! grilled me on how I treat my fans, but I totally froze up!
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. It may be a matter of experience.
Luka (MMJ): But I also see no harm in practicing that since idols need to be talented at many things♪
Rin (MMJ): R-Right...! I'll do my best!
Luka (MMJ): (Still, I didn't realize this is something that the girls practiced...)
Luka (MMJ): (Is it because they're meeting more of their fans in person now? I certainly hope so...)


139 1944:areatalk_3rdaniv_186

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

Rin (MMJ): MEIKO, it's rare to see you practicing just your singing...
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, you caught me. I was actually just getting some secret training in.
Rin (MMJ): Secret? Here? That doesn't make any sense.
Rin (MMJ): Anyway, what's gotten into you? I thought you preferred to dance while you sing.
MEIKO (MMJ): So, seeing the way MORE MORE JUMP! performed made me realize how much they've grown.
MEIKO (MMJ): When I think about it, their growth is the result of all the hard work they put in.
MEIKO (MMJ): Which is why I feel like I should try just as hard to improve upon my singing.
Rin (MMJ): Yeah, I get what you mean...
MEIKO (MMJ): Then, would you like to join me?
Rin (MMJ): Yes! I'm also going to do my best!


140 1945:areatalk_3rdaniv_187

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

KAITO (MMJ): Mmm! Delicious! There's really nothing better than ice cream after a tough workout.
Rin (MMJ): Hm? KAITO, what are you doing squatted down like that?
KAITO (MMJ): Huh?! Rin?!
KAITO (MMJ): I, uhh...
Rin (MMJ): Hey, you've got ice cream! No fair! I want some too♪
KAITO (MMJ): Hehe. Then, we can split this one.
KAITO (MMJ): But you can't tell the others since I only have the one...


141 1946:areatalk_3rdaniv_194

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

Luka (MMJ): The girls have been receiving so many offers to appear on TV lately.
Miku (MMJ): I know! And it sounds like they're having a lot of fun. I get excited every time they bring us a new story to tell♪
Rin (MMJ): Me too. I wish I could be on TV!
Rin (MMJ): Wait, I know! Can't we practice our acting again by pretending we're on a show?! It'd be like that one time!
Luka (MMJ): Oh, I don't see why not. That'd give us a chance to make it seem like we're really on TV.
Rin (MMJ): Yeah, exactly! Then, let's try doing something before the others get here!
Miku (MMJ): So, umm... We have our choice of talk shows, variety shows, documentaries... And quite a few other things. Which should we choose?
Rin (MMJ): Oh, I know! We should do a drama! How fun would it be to play a detective?!
Miku (MMJ): A detective...?! In that case... I'll be the phantom thief that you're trying to catch!
Miku (MMJ): This is going to be so much fun!
Rin (MMJ): What role do you wanna play, Luka...?!
Luka (MMJ): Well, I...
Luka (MMJ): Hang on. What were we actually talking about...?


142 1947:areatalk_3rdaniv_195

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

Len (MMJ): Oh, MEIKO! Mind watching how we dance for a second? We need you to check if the height difference between KAITO and me is gonna be a problem.
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, of course.
KAITO (MMJ): Thank you, MEIKO! We really appreciate it!
MEIKO (MMJ): ...
MEIKO (MMJ): Um, KAITO? I've been wondering for a while now... Why do you act so formal around me?
KAITO (MMJ): Why? Because you're a veteran idol.
KAITO (MMJ): Also, I'm everyone's manager, so I feel it's only right for me to be as polite as I can.
MEIKO (MMJ): But I'm also your fellow idol. Why not give me a nickname?
KAITO (MMJ): Wait, but...
Len (MMJ): Cut it out. You're making him feel uncomfortable.
KAITO (MMJ): (I think it's best to just keep sticking with “MEIKO”...)


143 1948:areatalk_3rdaniv_197

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Len (VBS): Hey, Miku, I need you to practice singing with me for a bit!
Miku (VBS): Oh... You've really been working hard lately.
Len (VBS): Yeah! I wanna master that rap Akito taught me the other day!
Miku (VBS): Ah, I see. But Akito should be arriving soon, so why not just ask him?
Len (VBS): Hmm... I'd rather practice in secret and surprise him later, you know?
Len (VBS): He and the others have been working really hard, so I want them to see that I've been following their example!
Miku (VBS): I see. Then, I'll join you. I'd like to give them a little surprise as well.
Len (VBS): Woohoo!


144 1949:areatalk_3rdaniv_198

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Miku (VBS): Ah, Luka. There you are.
Luka (VBS): Oh, Miku! Were you looking for me just now?
Miku (VBS): Yes. Remember the new song the others sang the other day? I'm hoping to sing it with them soon.
Luka (VBS): Oh, the one Toya made? It really is a wonderful song.
Luka (VBS): And they have such a wide catalog of good songs to choose from now! Making set lists probably won't be easy♪
Miku (VBS): I'm excited to see what they do next. I can't wait to hear the songs they come up with in the future.
Luka (VBS): Me neither! So, why don't we also grab Rin and the others today, and sing a VBS medley?!


145 1950:areatalk_3rdaniv_199

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

MEIKO (VBS): Miku, would you mind trying this new lemonade I made?
Miku (VBS): Sure, but you just expanded the menu the other day. You're adding more to it...?
MEIKO (VBS): Yes, because Ken's place will be closed for a while. I'd like to make this cafe an even more comfortable place to rest.
Miku (VBS): Right. You definitely have a sharp nose, boss.
Miku (VBS): Oh, this is delicious... And it's not too sour. The honey's doing a good job of rounding out the flavor.
MEIKO (VBS): That's good to hear. I was hoping to make a drink that helps the others practice and keeps their throats fresh.
Miku (VBS): Yes, I see. Then, I might also start asking for it once it's officially on the menu.
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. Then, I'll prepare lots of lemon syrup.


146 1951:areatalk_3rdaniv_200

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Miku (VBS): Huh? KAITO? You're cleaning the cafe? Talk about a rare sight. What's gotten into you?
KAITO (VBS): Haha. This is my punishment for rubbing MEIKO the wrong way the other day...
KAITO (VBS): Anyway, look what happens when you use this special cleaner! The floors and tables become spotless!
Miku (VBS): Oh wow... You even get a mirror finish.
KAITO (VBS): Still, I never realized just how good I am at cleaning things! Aren't I amazing?!
Miku (VBS): Okay, I get it. But it's true that you've done a good job. Why don't you start doing this for MEIKO every so often? She might really like it.
KAITO (VBS): Huh? Oh, umm... I'll think about it!
Miku (VBS): (That sounds like a “no”...)


147 1952:areatalk_3rdaniv_201

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Rin & Len: ♪————! ——!
Rin (VBS): *Gasp* Did we just...?!
Len (VBS): Yeah! This is the first time we've managed to get through that really hard part!
Rin (VBS): Woohoo! Thanks for keeping me steady, Len!
Len (VBS): What? No, Rin, you did a great job of leading!
Rin & Len: Hehe... Haha!
Len (VBS): We really are the best partners ever!
Rin (VBS): Yup!
Rin & Len: Yay!


148 1953:areatalk_3rdaniv_203

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

Rin (VBS): Let's see... I'm supposed to spread the mustard while avoiding where we're gonna cut so that it comes out with a nice cross-section.
Rin (VBS): And I gotta lay on each ingredient by starting with the flattest. Okay, this sandwich is done!
MEIKO (VBS): Thank you for helping, Rin. You've really become so much better at this.
Rin (VBS): Hehe. Haven't I? The day I start running this place might be just around the corner!
MEIKO (VBS): Wait, Rin, you want to run this place?
Rin (VBS): Yeah! I mean, it's such a cool job! Also, whenever I work, you could relax and take a break, MEIKO!
MEIKO (VBS): Rin...
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. Then, I might ask you to start helping me with the more elaborate entrees next time.
Rin (VBS): Yeah, you can count on me♪


149 1954:areatalk_3rdaniv_206

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Len (VBS): MEIKO, how did you like that remix I made?
MEIKO (VBS): I thought you did a wonderful job. You've improved quite a lot, no?
Len (VBS): Hehe. You think so? KAITO asked me to make it, so I had a good feeling about it!
Len (VBS): Oh, also! Can we play this at the cafe?
Len (VBS): Akito and the others should be coming soon, right? I have a feeling that they're also gonna like it, so I wanna surprise them by saying I made it!
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. I see. Then, let's hope for the best.


150 1955:areatalk_3rdaniv_207

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Len (VBS): Yikes... Espresso's so bitter...
KAITO (VBS): What?! Len, you're drinking espresso? You don't have to put on an act to be more mature...
Len (VBS): No, I'm not putting on an act! I just wanted to give it a try to get a better understanding of the world of coffee!
Len (VBS): I mean, I get now that being able to drink bitter coffee doesn't mean you're mature or whatever.
KAITO (VBS): Wait, why are you looking at me?
Len (VBS): (But I do think admire grown-ups who pursue what they love most...)
Len (VBS): (So, I'm gonna try a little harder!)


151 1956:areatalk_3rdaniv_208

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Luka (VBS): Oh, MEIKO, why don't we sing together? It's been so long since we last did.
MEIKO (VBS): Sure, but it's rare of you to invite me.
Luka (VBS): I asked Rin and Len if I could join them after seeing them singing, but they turned me away by saying, “No way, partners only!”
Luka (VBS): So, I thought it might be fun for us to partner up and battle against them♪
MEIKO (VBS): Wait, us battling against them...?
MEIKO (VBS): Still, a battle does sound nice for a change. While we're at it, why don't we see what Miku and KAITO think?
Luka (VBS): Oh, that's what I like to hear! Then, you start warming up. I'll go find the others.


152 1957:areatalk_3rdaniv_210

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: MEIKO, KAITO)

KAITO (VBS): Oh, MEIKO. Do you have a minute to talk...?
MEIKO (VBS): ...
KAITO (VBS): (Uh oh... I think she found out that I went through the refrigerator again...)
KAITO (VBS): MEIKO...?
MEIKO (VBS): Oh, KAITO, hello. I thought you'd gone off to have a picnic after taking some treats for yourself.
KAITO (VBS): N-No, you've got it all wrong! Kohane and the others were taking a break, so I decided to make some pancakes for them!
KAITO (VBS): I just wanted to help them regain some energy because they've been working so hard!
MEIKO (VBS): Really? You could've just told me, you know?
KAITO (VBS): The thing is... It completely slipped my mind because we started singing immediately after eating...
MEIKO (VBS): *Sigh* You get a pass this time since they were involved. But the next time you do this...
KAITO (VBS): O-Of course! I've learned my lesson! Haha...


153 1958:areatalk_3rdaniv_211

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Len (VBS): Hey, MEIKO! Can you teach me how to brew coffee?
MEIKO (VBS): Hm? Sure, but mind if I ask why?
Len (VBS): Akito and the others have been working so hard lately... so I wanna become someone like you, MEIKO, who can help them unwind with a cup of coffee!
Miku (VBS): I see. Is that why you've been staring at her while she was making coffee?
Len (VBS): Wait, you saw that?!
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. Then, why don't we start now?
Len (VBS): Really? Thanks!
Miku (VBS): Oh, mind if I have the first cup?


154 1959:areatalk_3rdaniv_212

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

Rin (VBS): The way An and the others sang just now was so awesome! They just seem to keep getting better and better!
KAITO (VBS): Yes, I agree! They've been changing quite a bit lately.
Luka (VBS): How about you, KAITO? Anything new with you?
KAITO (VBS): For me...? Well, I have been putting more sugar into my coffee recently. Does that count...?
Luka (VBS): So, you like sweeter coffee now?
KAITO (VBS): Not exactly. It's just something I've been trying lately!
Rin (VBS): Oh, that reminds me of something Toya said! Apparently, your brain needs glucose in order to recharge.
KAITO (VBS): I didn't know that! So that means, I'm craving sugar because I've been using a lot of brainpower recently...!


155 1960:areatalk_3rdaniv_213

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

Rin (VBS): How's that...? Did I sound okay?
Luka (VBS): Yes, that was spectacular! You even nailed the part you were having trouble with the other day!
KAITO (VBS): You have been practicing quite a lot recently!
Rin (VBS): Yup! I felt that I should since the others have been working so hard...!
Luka (VBS): Oh, I know what you mean. Lately, I can't help but get excited after hearing them sing!
KAITO (VBS): Could Rin be having the same effect on us right now? I feel like singing all of a sudden, Luka.
Luka (VBS): Oh, I'd like to sing as well♪
Rin (VBS): Wait, really?! Then, let's have a little session together!


156 1961:areatalk_3rdaniv_214

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Miku (WxS): Alright, Rin! We're gonna give it a try now☆
Rin (WxS): Okay☆
Rin (WxS): Wait, what are we doing again?
Miku (WxS): We're gonna try different acting styles☆
Miku (WxS): Remember how Tsukasa and the others said they're gonna learn lots of new things in order to put on better and better shows?
Miku (WxS): Well, we're gonna do the same thing!
Rin (WxS): Different acting styles, huh...? Hmm... I'm not sure where to start...
Miku (WxS): I know what to do! You just gotta act like someone else!
Miku (WxS): “Hello, Rin. Did you enjoy the effects I came up with?”
Rin (WxS): Oh, you sound like Rui! Then, I'll try... Ahem!
Rin (WxS): “Hah hah hah hah☆ Tenma, written as sweet and spicy pegasus and...! Something, something, Tsukasa!”
Miku (WxS): That was a really good Tsukasa impression! Let's keep trying more♪
Rin (WxS): (Hehe. This is really fun...)
Rin (WxS): (But is this really what Tsukasa and the others meant when they talked about trying different acting styles...?)


157 1962:areatalk_3rdaniv_215

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Len (WxS): Wow, that was so good!
Miku (WxS): Len! What are you doing?
Len (WxS): Hey, Miku! I just finished reading this book...
Miku (WxS): Oh, it's the story for the show we just did!
Len (WxS): Yeah, that's right. Nene lent it to me!
Len (WxS): She said she found it while doing stuff for the library committee!
Miku (WxS): Really?! Is it the library committee's job to find books for other people?!
Miku (WxS): That's pretty cool! I wanna give it a try☆
Len (WxS): Yeah, it'd be great to have a cool job like that...
Len (WxS): Then, let's ask Nene to tell us more about the library committee the next time she visits!
Miku (WxS): Yeah! Fun stories, thrilling tales... Let's set out on a grand adventure to find lots of books☆


158 1963:areatalk_3rdaniv_216

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Miku (WxS): Humhumhuum♪ Another beautiful day...
Miku (WxS): Whoa, huh?! I almost stepped on her by accident!
Miku (WxS): Luka, it isn't safe to sleep in the middle of the walkway! You always fall asleep in the worst places.
Miku (WxS): Oh, that reminds me... There was a phrase for people like Luka who fall asleep and don't wake up easily in one of the books Nene lent me!
Miku (WxS): What was it? It was a little confusing, but it's on the tip of my tongue! Uhh...
Miku (WxS): Something about a log... And sleeping on it...? No, wait...
Miku (WxS): Yawn... All this thinking is making me sleepy...
Luka (WxS): Huh? Miku, when did you get here? You look sleepy... Why don't we both take a nap?
Miku (WxS): Hmm... I was doing something just now, but I can't remember what...
Miku (WxS): Well, whatever! A nap does sound nice.
Miku (WxS): Nighty night...☆
Miku & Luka: Zzz...


159 1964:areatalk_3rdaniv_217

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Miku (WxS): Hey, MEIKO! The last time I saw Rui, he mentioned that he and the others have gotten a lot stronger...
Miku (WxS): Have they been training so much that they're as powerful as you now?!
MEIKO (WxS): Haha! I think he means strong in a different way.
MEIKO (WxS): But they do seem to work out quite a bit, so their muscles may be much stronger now.
Miku (WxS): Wow, really?!
Miku (WxS): Then, I wanna become super strong too! Can you teach me how☆
MEIKO (WxS): Yes, of course! Then...
MEIKO (WxS): We'll begin by jumping rope while doing a one-armed handstand! I hope you're ready!
Miku (WxS): I'm ready! I have no idea how to do that, but I'm gonna do my best☆


160 1965:areatalk_3rdaniv_218

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Miku (WxS): Oh, KAITO, listen! I need your help!
KAITO (WxS): Huh? Hear what?
Miku (WxS): You know how everyone's been working super hard lately? I wanna do something to help them, but I don't know what to do...
KAITO (WxS): I see... Then, I may have a suggestion.
Miku (WxS): You do?! Please tell me!
KAITO (WxS): Just do what you always do. Keep greeting them each time they visit SEKAI.
KAITO (WxS): They're performing in different places, taking on new challenges, and doing anything they need to in order to grow.
KAITO (WxS): So, I believe that we can help by treating them the same as always when they visit... Give them a second home that they can unwind in.
Miku (WxS): Oh, I see...!
Miku (WxS): Then, I'm gonna keep greeting them with a big smile like always!


161 1966:areatalk_3rdaniv_222

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

Rin (WxS): Tsukasa and the others sounded so happy when they were talking about their schools♪
KAITO (WxS): It's nice that Emu's made so many new friends and Tsukasa's working hard as a hall monitor.
Rin (WxS): Yeah! School sounds like so much fun. I wish I could go.
KAITO (WxS): Then, what if we had our next show take place at a school...?
Rin (WxS): Oh, that'd be great!
Rin (WxS): Then, uhh... I'm gonna greet everyone at the top of my lungs like Tsukasa, make lots of friends like Emu...
Rin (WxS): Tell everyone about all the best books like Nene, and make lots of things go boom like Rui☆
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. This is turning into quite a show. Let's ask Miku and the others what sorts of things they want to do at a school, and then come up with a scenario that includes everyone's wishes.
Rin (WxS): Yay! Thanks, KAITO☆


162 1967:areatalk_3rdaniv_225

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Len (WxS): Hiyah!
KAITO (WxS): I'm impressed, Len! You've gotten so much better at the sword-fighting sequence that I taught you the other day!
Len (WxS): Hehe. I know, right?! I practiced it a ton!
Len (WxS): Which is why... I want you to teach me an even cooler one!
Len (WxS): I wanna do something that involves cool jumps and dodges instead of just clashing swords!
KAITO (WxS): I see. So something more acrobatic...?
KAITO (WxS): (But...)
KAITO (WxS): (Maintaining your balance while doing stunts with a sword in hand is very difficult. If he were to get hurt...)
KAITO (WxS): (No, Len's being serious. I shouldn't rob him of this opportunity to grow as a performer...)
KAITO (WxS): Okay! But please promise to only practice when I'm present.
Len (WxS): Got it...! Thanks, KAITO!


163 1968:areatalk_3rdaniv_227

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Megurine Luka, KAITO)

Luka (WxS): Zzz... Zzz...
KAITO (WxS): Luka, where are you?! Oh, there you are...
KAITO (WxS): Luka, wake up. Tsukasa and the others will be here soon to do their show.
Luka (WxS): Mhm...?
KAITO (WxS): (I think she's waking up. Alright, I'll keep trying...)
KAITO (WxS): I can't wait to see it! They said they're going to use a revolving stage and make it explode!
Luka (WxS): (Tsukasa and the others'... Revolving... Show...?)
Luka (WxS): Yawn... KAITO, I'd like to see this show as well.
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. Good morning. Then, let's get ready to welcome them!


164 1969:areatalk_3rdaniv_228

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: MEIKO, KAITO)

???: Ding dong♪ I have an announcement to make!
KAITO (WxS): Hm? An announcement? This voice sounds like...
MEIKO (WxS): It's Miku. What is she announcing?
Miku's Voice (Miku-WxS): Ahem... We, the Miku Miku Squad, have taken over this park!!!
Plushies' Voices: It's ours!!!
KAITO & MEIKO: What?!
Miku's Voice (Miku-WxS): Heh heh heh☆ If you wish to take it back, meet us under the Ferris wheel! We'll be awaiting the arrival of some brave challengers to take us on!
Plushies' Voices: We'll be waiting!
MEIKO (WxS): Is this a show that involves audience participation...?
KAITO (WxS): I believe so. I was wondering why Miku was spending so much time with the plushies recently. They must've been preparing for this.
MEIKO (WxS): Hehe. It certainly sounds like a fun show! Let's go, KAITO!


165 1970:areatalk_3rdaniv_229

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

KAITO (WxS): (Where could Miku, Rin and the plushies have gone? It's almost time to start practice...)
Miku (WxS): There's KAITO! Ready, everyone?
Plushies: Ready!
Rin (WxS): On three! One, two...☆
Miku, Rin & the Plushies: Oh no! We're running late! Wah! We're running late!
KAITO (WxS): Huh?! That's them! Why are they all charging towards me?!
Miku, Rin & the Plushies: Whaaam☆ WHAAAM☆
KAITO (WxS): Whoa! That really startled me... What's going on?
Miku (WxS): So, Tsukasa and the others said that in their world, bumping into someone while running late helps you become close friends with them♪
KAITO (WxS): Oh, that's a bit strange. Is that some sort of superstition? Also, you don't need to do that since we're already friends.
KAITO (WxS): That being said, we do need to hurry over to the stage or we really are going to be late for practice.
Miku, Rin & the Plushies: Okay! Let's go!


166 1971:areatalk_3rdaniv_230

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

MEIKO (WxS): And everybody lived happily ever after. The end.
Len (WxS): Wow, that was really good...! I didn't know Tsukasa could write such a touching story.
Luka (WxS): Yes... It's like Tsukasa's stories get better with each show he does.
MEIKO (WxS): I agree! Wait, Luka, you managed to stay awake? That's rare...
Luka (WxS): Oh, is it? I mean, it was such a wonderful story.
Len (WxS): Yeah, I was on the edge of my seat the entire time!
Len (WxS): We should adapt this into a show!
MEIKO (WxS): Oh, excellent idea! Then, I'll play the rowdy scorpion who scurries around the desert!
MEIKO (WxS): Which role would you like to play, Luka?
Luka (WxS): Zzz...
Len (WxS): Oh, she fell asleep.
MEIKO (WxS): It is what it is... Why don't we hold off on choosing roles until she wakes up?


167 1972:areatalk_3rdaniv_231

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (N25): Hey, did Kanade and the others already head back...?
Miku (N25): Yes.
Miku (N25): Is something wrong?
Rin (N25): No, nothing's wrong. I sorta just wanted to talk to them.
Miku (N25): I see...
Miku (N25): Next time, I'll call you over before they leave...
Rin (N25): Don't worry about it. I'll just try to come sooner next time...
Miku (N25): Okay.


168 1973:areatalk_3rdaniv_232

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Len (N25): Hehe...
Miku (N25): You seem to be enjoying yourself. Did something good happen?
Len (N25): Oh, so... I was just singing with the others and noticed that they've grown.
Miku (N25): They've grown?
Len (N25): Yeah, compared to before... It's like they sing more in unison now, you know...?
Miku (N25): I agree... I've sensed that while singing with them as well.
Miku (N25): If you don't mind, may I join you next time?
Len (N25): ...! Yeah, that'd be great...!


169 1974:areatalk_3rdaniv_233

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Luka (N25): I never tire of watching the others lately.
Miku (N25): Why?
Luka (N25): Not only have their living environments changed, so have they. I feel that they're completely different now compared to when we first met them.
Luka (N25): I'm very much interested in seeing how they grow moving forward.
Miku (N25): Maybe I should also try to grow. But I'm still not sure what I should change...
Luka (N25): Hehe. I can't say either. However...
Luka (N25): I think just being yourself is your best option.
Miku (N25): You think so...?


170 1975:areatalk_3rdaniv_234

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Miku (N25): Oh, MEIKO, there you are...
MEIKO (N25): What is it...?
Miku (N25): Um... Mizuki and the others were saying the other day how they wish you'd come talk to them a little more...
MEIKO (N25): I don't plan on changing my behavior based on what others say...
Miku (N25): I see...
MEIKO (N25): But okay... I'll keep that in mind.
MEIKO (N25): Bye...
Miku (N25): M-MEIKO...
Miku (N25): I'll be waiting for you. With the others...


171 1976:areatalk_3rdaniv_235

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Miku (N25): (What should I do...? I don't have anyone to share this double popsicle I got from Mizuki with...)
Miku (N25): (I'm supposed to split it with someone, but it's going to melt if I don't hurry...)
KAITO (N25): Hey...
Miku (N25): Oh, KAITO...
KAITO (N25): What are you doing with that?
Miku (N25): Uhh... I was looking for someone to split it with...
Miku (N25): Would you like half of it, KAITO...?
KAITO (N25): Fine, I'll take it...
Miku (N25): Thank you. Here you go...
KAITO (N25): ...
Miku (N25): Oh, there he goes...


172 1977:areatalk_3rdaniv_246

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

Miku & Rin: Zzz... Zzz...
KAITO (N25): ...
KAITO (N25): (Why are they sleeping here...? Don't tell me they needed a nap after playtime.)
KAITO (N25): Ugh...
Rin (N25): Mhm...
Rin (N25): (Huh...? There's something soft underneath my head... A cushion...?)
Rin (N25): (Wait, so that figure I thought I just saw was...?)
Rin (N25): (No, I must've been dreaming...)


173 1978:areatalk_3rdaniv_247

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Luka (N25): Mizuki bought a new ribbon and just came over to show me. It seems to be part of a new look for the new term.
Len (N25): A new look...?
Luka (N25): It's where you change your physical appearance to give a different impression to others. Becoming this “new you” also seems to give you a fresh perspective. Doesn't that sound interesting?
Len (N25): Uhh...
MEIKO (N25): Count me out.
Luka (N25): But I haven't said anything yet.
MEIKO (N25): I knew what you were about to say.
Luka (N25): Oh, that's unfortunate... How about you, Len?
Luka (N25): For example... You could swap out the red things in your outfit for a different color.
Len (N25): What...? No, but... We all match...
Luka (N25): Hehe. Very true... I'll try coming up with another way.


174 1979:areatalk_3rdaniv_248

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa)

Ichika: Since becoming a second-year, I've definitely noticed that the difficulty level of each subject has gone up...
Ichika: I was pretty lost during today's math class. I guess I didn't understand everything during my first year either, though...
Kohane: I also feel that with math. Missing one thing can lead to the rest of the class leaving you behind.
Ichika: I know... But you two amaze me. You always get some of the best scores for quizzes and such.
Honami: All I do is review and prepare for each lesson as best I can.
Honami: I focus more on preparing since I get a feel for the key points and figure out the questions I need to ask. It makes the content easier to follow.
Kohane: Yeah, I also take a look at the next lesson after wrapping up my homework.
Ichika: I see... I always felt content with stopping after the homework.
Kohane: Well, how does having a study session with the three of us sound...?
Honami: That sounds nice. We were assigned so much homework this week, so I'd love it if we could work on it together.
Ichika: I've actually been wanting to ask the two of you, so count me in!
Kohane: Really? Thank you. Then, let's try having it at a cafe after school sometime soon!


175 1980:areatalk_3rdaniv_249

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa)

Honami: Kohane? You look a little down. Is everything okay...?
Kohane: Oh, um... The thing is, someone invited me to join a club when I was at the school gate...
Honami: A club?
Kohane: *Nod* They thought I was a new student...
Ichika: Oh...
Kohane: I guess I don't give off the vibe of an upperclassman...
Ichika: I know what you mean... I always wonder how to come across as more mature.
Kohane: Yeah... Oh, but I bet people think of you as the ideal senior, Honami.
Honami: Huh? Me...?
Kohane: Yeah. It was so cool when you jumped in to help your juniors during the committee meeting the other day.
Ichika: Oh, that's news to me. But it does sound like something you'd do, Honami.
Kohane: Yeah! Which is why I want to learn to be a good senior like her!
Honami: A good senior? Y-You think so...?


176 1981:areatalk_3rdaniv_250

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori)

Shiho: Otori, you're doing a pretty good job as the class representative.
Emu: What?! I am?!
Saki: Yeah, I totally agree!
Saki: It got so tense the other day when people started arguing over cleaning duties...
Saki: But it was amazing when you swooped in as the bucket fairy and convinced everyone to cooperate and pick their roles!
Shiho: The teacher was surprised enough to say, “I never would've thought of this method...”
Emu: Hehe. I'm really glad everyone liked my idea♪
Emu: But I've still got lots more tricks up my sleeve! It's my duty as the class representative to make sure everyone keeps on smiling!
Emu: So, I'm gonna do my best to make our class really wonderhoy☆


177 1982:areatalk_3rdaniv_251

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori)

Shiho: Otori, you really stole the show when we played basketball during P.E.
Saki: Yeah, it's incredible that you scored the most points! We tried so hard to make a comeback, but we didn't stand a chance!
Emu: Thanks! I'm usually pretty good at those kinds of sports♪
Saki: Yeah, how'd you make all those shots?! Please teach me your ways!
Emu: Hmm... I dunno if this is gonna help, but...
Emu: I just go, “Dribble, stop, shoot!” Then, the ball usually swooshes right through the net!
Saki: Dribble, stop, shoot?!
Shiho: That's a little vague... I guess there's a sort of rhythm to it?
Saki: Rhythm... Oh, I think I sorta understand now!
Saki: Alright, I'm gonna practice a bunch! Get ready to lose during next week's class, Emu!
Emu: Hehe. You're on☆


178 1983:areatalk_3rdaniv_252

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Haruka, look! One of the girls from class let me borrow her notebook!
Haruka: Oh, because we had to miss class for that interview?
Minori: Yeah! She even talked about having each other's backs!
Minori: I was nervous about joining a new class, but I'm so glad that everyone's really nice♪
Haruka: Most of them also work in show business, so they probably understand our situation.
Minori: Oh, right!
Minori: I also wanna get to know everyone and find ways to support them! Which means I need to take really good notes when I am able to attend classes!
Minori: But I don't know if that'll actually help them since I'm not that great a notetaker...
Haruka: I actually disagree. I thought the notes you showed me the other day were really easy to follow.
Haruka: So, I'll be counting on you for help if I happen to miss class for work.
Minori: Haruka...
Minori: Okay! I promise to do my best for you and our classmates!


179 1984:areatalk_3rdaniv_253

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: I've been meaning to ask, Minori... Is there something that you need to tell me?
Minori: What?! Wh-Why do you say that?
Haruka: I get the feeling that you are watching me a lot during class.
Haruka: Also, we tend to make eye contact whenever I turn around. But for some reason, you always quickly look away...
Minori: Uh... W-Well...
Haruka: I'd really appreciate it if you told me what's going on. I promise to hear you out.
Minori: Um... S-So... It's nothing all that serious...
Minori: It's just... I can't help but look at you!
Haruka: What...?
Minori: Because we're in the same classroom! We get to take classes together and look at the same blackboard!
Minori: I always dreamed about it, but I still can't believe this is all happening in real life!
Haruka: Minori...
Haruka: I appreciate the sentiment, but you really need to stay focused during class.


180 1985:areatalk_3rdaniv_254

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Hehe... I'm so glad that we get to be in the same class again, Airi.
Airi: Wh-What's this all of a sudden...?
Shizuku: Because you're so reliable... You always teach me when I'm having trouble in class and help me find the way when we change classrooms...
Airi: Oh, that's what you meant...
Airi: Shizuku... You're in your third year. You should know where all the classrooms are by now...
Shizuku: R-Right...! I'll do my best to become more independent!
Airi: (That's great and all...)
Airi: (But I can't deny that I might start feeling lonely if she stops relying on me as much.)


181 1986:areatalk_3rdaniv_255

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Airi, that's quite a big bag you're carrying.
Airi: Yeah, I brought a bunch of snacks for the tea ceremony club.
Airi: Some new students are stopping by today to see what our club's like, but we sorta brought them in by saying there'd be “yummy snacks.” I thought I should make good on that promise...
Airi: Which is why I got a bunch of good ones that I wanna recommend to them!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm sure they'll enjoy what you brought very much, Airi.
Airi: Anyway, how about the archery club? Does it look like any new students are gonna sign up?
Shizuku: Yes, a few actually have already applied to join. We seem to be getting mostly novices this year.
Shizuku: Some of them start today, so I need to follow your example and make them feel welcome.
Airi: Hehe. That's the spirit! Let's show these new students that they have cool seniors they can look up to!


182 1987:areatalk_3rdaniv_256

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

An: Hm? Akito, you seem sleepy.
Akito: Because I am... I realized that the teacher might call on me during English today, so I stayed up pretty late last night to prepare.
An: English... Wait! I might get called on today too...!
An: Wh-What do I do..? Do you think I still have time to prepare...?
Akito: You still have all of lunch, so you might do okay if you can find someone to help you.
Akito: And that person isn't me since I'm not feeling all that confident.
An: Right... Someone else to help me...
Nene: Shiraishi...? You were shouting something just now. Is everything okay?
An: Oh, Kusanagi! Perfect timing! I have a tiny favor to ask you...!
Nene: Huh? Wh-What kind of favor?
An: I need to read up on some stuff for English. Mind giving me a hand with that...?
Nene: Oh... Yeah, sure. It's hardly my best subject, but I'll do what I can...
An: You will?! Thank goodness. You're the best, Kusanagi!


183 1988:areatalk_3rdaniv_257

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Oof... So heavy...
Akito: Whoa, why are you carrying so many books?
Nene: Oh... Well, it's part of my library committee duties to bring returned books back to their original spots...
An: Wow, that sounds tough...
An: Alright, lemme help you! I'll carry some of those!
Nene: Oh, are you sure...?
An: Of course! You too, Akito. Take some of these.
Akito: Alright. You can stack a few more on top.
Nene: Th-Thanks, you guys... I really appreciate it...
An: Don't mention it! Just give us a holler if you ever need any help in the future!


184 1989:areatalk_3rdaniv_258

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Toya, you're such a good student. You always seem laser-focused while taking notes during class.
Toya: While you sleep most of the time, Akiyama.
Mizuki: Whoops, busted. I thought I was pretty good at catching some z's without anyone else noticing.
Mizuki: But I don't think sleeping's all that bad, you know? I feel like I can focus more after a bit of rest.
Toya: Yes, you do have a point...
Mizuki: Oh, then! If you're interested, want me to teach you the best tricks for napping during class without getting caught?!
Toya: No, I'm not condoning that. You should only sleep during breaks and such.
Mizuki: Yeah, well... You also have a point.


185 1990:areatalk_3rdaniv_259

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Toya, you're on the library committee, right? What does that usually involve?
Toya: Well, I usually work reception, keep the shelves in order and sometimes put displays together.
Mizuki: Oh, like the ones with all the recommended books and stuff?! I didn't know that was the library committee's job!
Toya: Yes... Unfortunately, I'll write a description for a book but then struggle to think of an eye-catching design for the actual display.
Toya: As a result, not many people end up going for my recommendations.
Mizuki: Then, want me to help? I'm pretty good at coming up with cute designs!
Toya: Yes... My displays would probably attract more attention if you helped me design them, Akiyama.
Toya: Would you mind helping me make one sometime?
Mizuki: Yeah, you bet! Just leave it to me!


186 1991:areatalk_3rdaniv_260

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: GOOD MORNING!!!!!!!!!!
Rui: Good morning, Tsukasa.
Rui: You sound extremely energetic. Are you working on projecting your voice?
Tsukasa: No, I'm fulfilling my duty as a hall monitor by greeting the entire school!
Tsukasa: This will help remind each student of the importance of greeting one another each day.
Rui: Right, now I see.
Tsukasa: Ah, you, first-year! Good morning! Let us both start the day with cheer!
Rui: Ah, as startled as they were, they did respond back to you.
Tsukasa: Yes, I couldn't be happier! Now, it is time to bring the volume up a notch! GOOD MORNING!!!!!!!
Rui: Hehe...
Rui: It seems that this role suits Tsukasa perfectly.


187 1992:areatalk_3rdaniv_261

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Oh, Tsukasa, you seem to have put extra care into your appearance today.
Tsukasa: Thank you for noticing, Rui!
Tsukasa: Since I'm in my final year of high school, I figured I should dress in a manner that sets a good example for all my juniors!
Rui: I see. That's a great mindset.
Tsukasa: Indeed! That is why you should also try to make the most of your final year here!
Rui: Yes, I'll keep that in mind.
Rui: (Unfortunately, I'm currently in the middle of being chased down by the teachers for accidentally causing those explosions...)
Rui: (I probably shouldn't mention that to him right now...)


188 1993:areatalk_3rdaniv_262

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Oh, Mafuyu, are you done with school? You're a little later than normal.
Mafuyu: I had a student council meeting.
Kanade: The student council...? So you became a class representative again?
Mafuyu: Yes. Also, it looks like Otori's a class representative this year.
Ena: What?! Emu...?!
Kanade: She's a class representative? She probably brings a lot of energy to each meeting...
Mafuyu: She was a very active participant during our meeting.
Ena: Haha. I can picture it already... That also probably means the student council's gonna be a lot of fun this year, right?
Mafuyu: Yes, I'm sure you're right...


189 1994:areatalk_3rdaniv_263

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Kanade: Is Mizuki still at school...?
Ena: Becoming a second-year after being absent for so many days. I guess it just means Mizuki's that resourceful.
Mafuyu: But that also meant having to take a lot of supplementary classes.
Ena: Yeah, they sounded like a total drag. But it looks like Mizuki still skips from time to time.
Kanade: I see no problem with that. Everyone takes things at their own pace. Mizuki's no exception.
Ena: Yeah, Mizuki's been in a pretty good mood despite complaining so much about having to take all those supplementary classes...
Mafuyu: What if Mizuki figured out a way to skip and still get by?
Ena: Is that what's going on...?! That'd definitely explain a lot...


