1 1731:areatalk_ev_shuffle_32_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Emu: I'm so glad the four of us get to hang out like this again☆
Honami: Hehe. Me too. Thank you for joining us, Ms. Yoisaki.
Kanade: It worked out nicely since I already had plans to go somewhere. Anyway, about this cafe you said you wanted to see...
Mizuki: Yeah, it's a cafe with an orchard inside! You can have parfaits made using the fruits you pick right there♪
Kanade: Wait, they have an indoor orchard?
Mizuki: I know, right?! I couldn't believe it when I first saw it online.
Honami: I looked up their website after Mizuki told us about it... It looks really incredible.
Kanade: Really...? Maybe I should've looked it up too...
Emu: I didn't look anything up☆ I wanna be wowed when I see it in real life♪
Mizuki: Yeah, I like that! There's a real wow factor, so it'll be great to see how you two react when we get there!
Honami: Hehe. Then, let's start heading over. We do have a reservation to keep.
Emu & Mizuki: Yeah!


2 1732:areatalk_ev_shuffle_32_002

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: *Sigh* We only walked and shopped for a little bit, but I feel exhausted for some reason.
Honami: Probably because it was crowded with so many people off today... Would you like to rest somewhere?
Kanade: No, we should head home and put away the ingredients we just bought.
Kanade: Come to think of it, I've never seen you tired before, Ms. Mochizuki.
Honami: Hehe. I'm actually a lot stronger than I look and I have quite a lot of stamina. I can manage even when I buy a few too many things at the store.
Kanade: That's incredible. Maybe I should work more on increasing my stamina...
Honami: Yes, well... I think even just walking and going out shopping together like this can be really good for your health.
Kanade: Oh, you think so?
Kanade: (On top of everything else, Ms. Mochizuki's really good at encouraging others.)


3 1733:areatalk_ev_shuffle_32_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Emu Otori, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, Emu! What's up?!
Emu: Hi, Mizuki! Are you out shopping right now?
Mizuki: No, I was just heading over to my shift at the shop where I work part-time.
Emu: Oh, you have a job? That's so cool♪ Where do you work?
Mizuki: At an apparel shop. They've got a huge selection of really cute clothes.
Emu: Wow! Oh, can I come with you? I really wanna see what kinds of clothes they sell.
Mizuki: You do? Then, you're more than welcome to! We've got tons of cute stuff that should really suit you, Emu!
Emu: Woohoo! I can't wait to see! This is so exciting☆


4 1734:areatalk_ev_shuffle_32_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Hona, you know how to do so many different things. Cooking, sewing and lots more...
Rin: Where did you learn to do all that?
Honami: My mom taught me the basics in terms of cooking and sewing. If memory serves... With cooking, I started out by helping cut vegetables.
Honami: After that, I learned how to use a frying pan on a stove to cook omelets and such.
Rin: So, you kept building on top of what you learned as time went on?
Honami: Yes. I enjoyed learning new things so much that I acquired all these different skills before I knew it.
Rin: Whoa, that's so cool! I wish I could say something like that someday!
Honami: Cooking in SEKAI may not be possible, but I can teach you how to sew if you like.
Rin: Really?! Then, I wanna give it a try!
Honami: Hehe. Okay, I'll bring over some sewing kits next time.


5 1735:areatalk_ev_shuffle_32_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

Rin: All the wedding dresses I saw with Hona were so pretty!
Luka: You said they had quite a few different types there. Which ones did you like the most, Rin?
Rin: Hmm... I think the really fluffy one that looked like an upside-down tulip was my favorite♪
Luka: Hehe. That sounds like a princess cut. Yes, I think that would look very nice on you.
Rin: They had tons of dresses that I thought would look really good on you too, Luka! Especially the...what was it called, mermaid dress? It's got a mature feel that totally suits you!
Luka: Oh, thank you. Then, how about Miku and MEIKO?
Rin: Oh, uhh... You and MEIKO are both really mature, so I'd recommend something similar...
Rin: But Miku-P... I'm having trouble imagining how she'd look in a wedding dress...
Luka: Hmm... She'd probably look nice in an A-line, or maybe a pantsuit dress...
Rin: Oh, I saw one of those on display at the bridal fair! You're right, I kinda want to see her in that now♪


6 1740:areatalk_monthly2305_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, KAITO)

KAITO: There we...go... So, does here work...?
Honami: Yes. Thank you so much for helping me move the drum kit.
KAITO: No, it was my pleasure since I asked you to do a session with me...
KAITO: Still, you do this all by yourself every time? Doesn't that get tiring...?
Honami: Actually, the others usually leave the classroom when it's time for solo practice, so I don't have to move it.
KAITO: Oh, I see. Um, I'm sorry about this...
Honami: No, please don't apologize! I always feel bad making the others move!
Honami: Besides, practicing in a different classroom like this feels like such a new experience for me!
KAITO: Thank you for being so polite...
KAITO: Um... I don't know if it will serve as enough thanks for joining me today, but I'll do my best to make sure this session will be good practice for you too.
Honami: Of course! I promise to do my best as well.


