1 1229:areatalk_ev_street_06_001

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: ...!
Toya: What are you looking at, Azusawa?
Kohane: The video that's playing over there. I think it's for a heavy metal concert. It just seemed really cool...!
Toya: Oh, the band and crowd are bobbing their heads in unison. Is that how you “headbang”...?
Kohane: Yeah! I've never sung any songs like that before, so I'm kind of wondering what it's like to headbang with everyone...
Kohane: I'd probably look really out of place doing it, but I have a feeling An would look really cool!
Toya: Yes, she certainly has the hair to do it.
Kohane: You think so too, Aoyagi? Hehe. Maybe I'll ask her the next chance I get.


2 1230:areatalk_ev_street_06_002

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Toya, do you always have coffee during lunch?
Toya: Yes, it goes well with the sandwiches and bread I usually have.
An: Oh, you're right. Coffee does go pretty well with sandwiches. Come to think of it, I don't think I've ever seen you eating rice balls or anything like that.
Toya: I do from time to time... It's a nice way to surprise Akito too.
An: Wait, Akito notices stuff like that?! By the way, what do you usually drink in those situations?
Toya: Tea.
An: Haha. I knew it!


3 1231:areatalk_ev_street_06_003

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: ...
Akito: Hm? Why are you staring at me like that?
Toya: I can't quite describe it... But something seems different.
Akito: Oh, it's probably because I trimmed my bangs...
Toya: ...! Now that you mention it...
Akito: Dude, what's up? Is not noticing something like that bothering you that much?
Toya: Yes, well... Shiraishi and Azusawa seem to always be pointing out these kinds of things to each other, as partners...
Akito: I don't think being partners has anything to do with that... I mean, I literally had them trimmed a tiny bit, so I'm surprised you noticed even vaguely.
Toya: Oh... I see...


4 1232:areatalk_ev_street_06_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: Come to think of it, you had no problem sleeping outside or on the ground even though we had a tent.
An: Yeah. I figured that you'd be against anything like that since it was your first time doing anything like that.
Toya: No, I really didn't. My curiosity must've overpowered the rest of my thought process.
An: Hehe. You're a little rough around the edges but in a good way. Kinda like how Kohane's sometimes able to take really bold steps.
Kohane: M-Me?
Akito: Yeah. Remember how you jumped into that tall grass without really caring if there were any bugs waiting for you?
Kohane: Oh, right. I mean, it's normal to find bugs in the forest.
An: That's what I'm talking about! The fact that you can think that is incredible. I always walked behind someone just in case something jumped out at us.
Akito: Yeah, I guess anyone would be startled by that.
Toya: But seeing you, as opposed to Azusawa, being bothered by these things was a bit of a surprise, Shiraishi.
An: S-So what if I am?
Kohane: It's okay, An. If a big, scary bug ever comes chasing after you, I'll be there to save you.
An: Kohaneee! You really are the best partner ever!


5 1233:areatalk_ev_street_06_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Megurine Luka)

Luka: ——♪ ——♪
Luka: Hmm... Maybe I should simplify this part a little more...
Luka: Nah! It's not like me to plan things down to the fine details! I'll just keep singing and see what happens!
Luka: Yeah. Singing's all about feelings and passion.


6 1234:areatalk_ev_street_06_006

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Luka: MEIII♪
MEIKO: Hm? Did you come up with a new nickname for me?
Luka: I wanted to see how you'd react to it when you heard me say it.
Luka: But I'm a little disappointed... What if I called out to you in a cuter tone?
MEIKO: That probably won't change much. Especially if you're just acting based on your whims.
Luka: Aww, it's like you're not willing to play along...
MEIKO: I didn't say that. Anyway, why don't you have some coffee since you came all this way?
Luka: Yes, I'd love to! You really do make the best coffee, MEIKO♪


7 1235:areatalk_ev_street_06_007

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

Len: Hey, Miku, Luka! Perfect timing!
Miku (VBS): Perfect timing?
Luka: Does this mean something fun's about to happen?
Len: Not immediately... But Akito decided to lend us a tent after we told him that we also wanted to try camping!
Len: So we should all go sometime soon!
Miku (VBS): That's great but there aren't any forests or rivers around here...
Luka: Yes, that will make it difficult for us to get a taste of nature.
Luka: But we can still build a campfire, cook, hang out and sleep in a tent together. That should still be fun, right?
Miku (VBS): Hmm... I suppose so... Okay, I don't see why not.
Len: That's the spirit! Alright, I'm gonna go ask KAITO and the others to see what they think!


