1 2634:areatalk_wl_wonder_02_001

[Wonderland SEKAI - Harbor]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: I wasn't expecting the harbor's population to increase like that!
Nene: I couldn't believe it when we saw that plushie that feels straight out of our time with Mikazukigumi. There might be even more that we just haven't met yet.
Rui: Yes, that seems like a strong possibility since we trained with so many different people.
Emu: Yeah! We gotta meet and become friends with all of them☆
Nene: Does this also mean that more and more are going to keep showing up?
Tsukasa: Yes, I suspect that's the case! After all, we're going to continue having new experiences moving forward!
Tsukasa: In other words, this city's population could increase tenfold! Nay, a hundredfold!
Emu: Hehe! Let's do our best to make that happen!
Nene & Rui: Yeah. Yes.


2 2635:areatalk_wl_wonder_02_002

[Wonderland SEKAI - Harbor]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

KAITO (WxS): Huh? What are you doing there, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: I'm practicing and mentally preparing for that fated day.
Tsukasa: The day the route to Star Island opens up to us. When we make landfall, I must do so in a heroic manner!
Len (WxS): Oh, that sounds like fun! I think I'll start coming up with ideas too.
KAITO (WxS): It is always important to have a good image in your head of what you wish to do. We may also want to make a list of the things we'll need in order to safely reach Star Island.
Rui: In that case, I could start making some devices to help us learn to deal with a variety of different situations.
Rui: The simulation could start with an onset of seasickness and the ship being rocked by huge waves, followed by our mast being struck by lightning. I'll even make things really thrilling by having a sea monster appear.
Tsukasa: Wait, can't we simulate us having a slightly more enjoyable cruise?


3 2636:areatalk_wl_wonder_02_003

[Wonderland SEKAI - Harbor]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

Nene: Then, let's keep practicing that dance a little more.
Emu: Okay! We gotta get it perfect by the day of!
MEIKO (WxS): Oh, what are you two doing here?
Rin (WxS): I heard something about a dance. That sounds like fun, so let me join!
Nene: Sure, but... The dance we're practicing is actually a part of the show we'll be doing for you and the others, Rin.
Rin (WxS): Oh, the one you guys mentioned the other day?! Then, we probably shouldn't see it.
MEIKO (WxS): Yes, we wouldn't want to spoil it. Hmm... As unfortunate as this is, we'll just have to wait until the day of.
Emu: Okay! We absolutely promise to put on an amazing show for you guys, so we hope you're excited!


4 2637:areatalk_wl_wonder_02_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Harbor]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): Rui told me that plants grow bigger when you talk to them. Is that really true?!
Tsukasa: Yes, I've also heard that before! Apparently, they're positively affected both by the sound of human speech and by music.
Emu: So if we talk to that tree lots and lots, it should keep growing more and more, right?
Miku (WxS): Oh, I wanna give it a try☆ I'm gonna go tell it all about the shows I thought were the most fun!
Emu: Then, I'm gonna tell it about all the fun and exciting things I discovered exploring my neighborhood!
Tsukasa: I see. In that case, I think I'll tell it the glorious history of Tsukasa Tenma, the man who is destined to become a star!


5 2638:areatalk_wl_wonder_02_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Harbor]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Megurine Luka)

Rui: Still, those black fragments... I really didn't think touching them would make us fall asleep.
Nene: We'd become trapped in that dream, but that must've come as a big surprise to you and the others, Luka.
Luka (WxS): Yes, we were absolutely perplexed. By the time that light had faded, you'd all fallen asleep.
Luka (WxS): And it sounds like things were tough in that dream...
Luka (WxS): Dreams should be more fun... And... Zzz... Zzz...
Rui: Hehe. It would appear she's fallen asleep.
Nene: She really never changes. We should get her a blanket or something.


6 2650:areatalk_monthly2505_002

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

Saki: Hey, which do you think looks better? This top or this dress?
Tsukasa: Hmm... I feel like that mint-green top would suit you very well. It's a color that's very easy on the eyes!
Saki: Really?! Then, I'll go with that.
Tsukasa: But that flowery dress would also complement your smile, Saki. It's truly a wonderful piece of clothing!
Saki: Huh?
Tsukasa: Both of the articles bring out the best in you. Actually, come to think of it... I'm certain that all types of clothing would look good on you, my dear little sister!!
Saki: Oh, Tsukasa! I appreciate the compliment, but you're really not helping!


7 2652:areatalk_monthly2505_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori)

Emu: Hurry! Hurry! We're still a long way from our destination, Shiho!
Shiho: Our destination? All we're doing is moving to a different classroom. Also, we still have plenty of time.
Emu: But it's more fun to do things like this☆ You can turn a plain, old pencil case into gear for a big adventure...
Emu: Oh no!!! I left my pencil case back at our classroom!!
Shiho: Then, let's go get it. I'll head back with you.
Emu: Thanks, Shiho! No, Private Shiho! Begin Operation Retrieve My Pencil Case!
Shiho: Wait, Private? I didn't agree to join anything. Also, no running in the corridor!


