1 2278:areatalk_ev_shuffle_45_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Nene Kusanagi, Ena Shinonome)

Minori: I'm so excited about these black and pink pancakes!
Ena: I also heard the rumors. This is my first time going, so I'm really looking forward to seeing how they look and taste.
Shiho: The black ones are made using bamboo charcoal, and they use raspberries for the pink ones.
Nene: Yeah, I have a feeling that most people order the pink ones since they seem like a more normal flavor...
Minori: But the fact that the black ones are on the menu must mean they're also good!
Ena: Well, we're probably gonna end up getting both, so let's share.
Nene: Sounds good.
Shiho: Oh, I just got a message from Honami... She says she'll be here soon and apologizes for making us wait.
Ena: That's totally fine. If anything, it might be our lucky day. I mean, she had to go back and get her wallet. What are the chances of that?
Minori: Right! And it's amazing how she realized along the way! I probably wouldn't have noticed until we went up to the register.
Shiho, Nene & Ena: (True...)


2 2279:areatalk_ev_shuffle_45_002

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Huh...? Honami? Shiho? Are you two out shopping?
Honami: Hello, Ena. We're actually seeing a movie as a group of four.
Shiho: The two others being Ichika and Saki... They just got off work, and we're waiting for them to get here.
Ena: Oh, that's cool. What kind of movie?
Honami: So, it's called “A Cat's Eye View of the Petrifying Planet's School of Horrors!”
Ena: Oh, that's been trending online lately, hasn't it...?
Shiho: That's right. One of our bandmates wants to see it because it's a horror movie with cats, so it shouldn't be all that scary.
Ena: Really? I haven't really looked at what people are saying on social media, but is it supposed to be good?
Honami: The thing is, we have no idea... But the poster's very cute, and we're hoping that it isn't all that scary...
Shiho: Yeah, Honami, you are a bit of a fraidy cat. I mean, the haunted house at PXL always makes you scream at the top of your lungs.
Honami: No, Shiho, stop!
Ena: (They're so close. I guess they really have known each other forever.)


3 2280:areatalk_ev_shuffle_45_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Nene Kusanagi)

Minori: Wow! So these are the shows by that troupe you really recommend, Nene?
Nene: Yeah, they come as an omnibus, so you can watch them at your own pace.
Minori: I really appreciate it! I've actually been meaning to see more shows like these! Thanks for lending these to me!
Nene: No problem. If anything, I'm happy that you're showing so much interest.
Nene: Also, Hanasato...
Minori: Yeah?
Nene: Umm... If possible... Can you give me your thoughts after you've had a chance to watch them?
Minori: Sure! That means I'll need to remember to write about them in my diary!
Minori: Oh, Nene, I also have a question. Would it be alright if I asked you more about shows and stuff?
Nene: ...! Yeah, ask me anything.


4 2281:areatalk_ev_shuffle_45_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Megurine Luka)

Luka (WxS): Thank you for coming, Nene♪
Nene: I'm here to practice anyway, so it's no trouble for me. So, you wanted to talk?
Luka (WxS): You and the others have been practicing very hard lately, yes? Not only that, Nene, you ended up working at the Phoenix Bridal Fair.
Luka (WxS): That's why I thought we should take a nap together. To give you a chance to rest and recover♪
Nene: Wait, what...?
Luka (WxS): Smiles and yawns are supposed to be infectious, yes? So, I thought having someone sleeping next to you would help you get in a nice little nap.
Nene: I think I get what you're trying to say...?
Luka (WxS): Then, let's give it a try♪ Won't you join me?


5 2282:areatalk_ev_shuffle_45_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato)

Minori: Thanks for helping me with my homework, Shiho!
Shiho: That's okay. There were some things I wanted to go over again anyway. But we couldn't figure out that one math problem...
Minori: No matter how many times we tried, we never ended up with the same answer.
Shiho: What if we were using the wrong formula? I'll try asking Honami or Kohane tomorrow. I'm guessing they know how to solve it.
Minori: Oh, I'm at school in the morning tomorrow, so mind if I tag along?
Shiho: Sure... But if you're gonna be around, then you won't really need me to be there. It's your homework, not mine.
Minori: *Gasp*
Minori: Y-Yeah, you're right... I was hoping that we could talk as a group since we haven't in such a long time. But I guess it's my problem to deal with...
Shiho: Wait, why do I sound like the bad guy now?
Shiho: *Sigh* Fine, I'll go with you. This problem is gonna keep bugging me if I don't learn the solution to it...
Minori: Y-You will...?! Yay! Thanks, Shiho!
Shiho: Alright, you're welcome.


