1 2557:areatalk_ev_shuffle_57_001

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Nene: What are the odds...? I can't believe that you and Akiyama are here to see the same movie as us, Momoi...
Airi: Hehe. We had to come see it after we heard that it's a musical with singing and dancing cats.
Mizuki: Well hey, let's have as much fun as we can together!
Mizuki: Oh, Tsukasa, you gotta be careful calling Airi by her full name since there's a ton of other people around.
Tsukasa: Yes, we wouldn't want to become the center of attention. I'll be careful not to... What?!
Tsukasa: Noooo! There's a massive line for concessions! I need to go over now before the movie starts...! I'll be back in a flash!
Nene: He doesn't have to call out your full name. His over-the-top personality is probably enough to attract plenty of attention...


2 2558:areatalk_ev_shuffle_57_002

[Main Street]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Tsukasa Tenma)

Airi: Oh yeah, Tenma, do animals usually like you...?
Airi: You know how they say animals don't tend to like skittish people? You're the exact opposite of that, which left me wondering...
Tsukasa: Hmm... I can't recall any moments when an animal showed visible disdain for me, so I suppose it's safe to say that they don't dislike me.
Tsukasa: But I don't think I'm universally loved by them either... I mean, many have run for the hills the second I called out to them!
Airi: Oh, right. I forgot how loud you can be...


3 2559:areatalk_ev_shuffle_57_003

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hehe. Can't decide, Airi?
Airi: C-Cut me some slack...! It's their fault for having a white cat's paw mug and a black one! How do they expect me to choose...?!
Mizuki: Well, if you're struggling to pick just one, then the answer is simple, isn't it?
Airi: Y-Yeah, you're right... I can't choose just one...
Airi: I'm taking both of them home...!
Mizuki: Excellent! The register is right this way♪


4 2560:areatalk_ev_shuffle_57_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Tsukasa Tenma)

Minori: Tsukasa! Can I ask you for some advice about posing?! I want to get better at coming up with cute ones!
Tsukasa: Ah, Hanasato, you came to the right person! Posing is all about... Having confidence in yourself!
Tsukasa: Whenever I'm trying to strike a cool pose, I tell myself that every fiber of my being is cool!
Tsukasa: If you tell yourself that you're cute, Hanasato, then you'll learn to effortlessly strike cute poses!
Minori: O-Okay, I'll give that a try...!
Minori: Hnng... I am cute. I am cute...!


5 2561:areatalk_ev_shuffle_57_005

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Nene Kusanagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: When we were practicing for our show, I kept wondering how you guys have so much energy in the morning...
Minori: I've been waking up early to train with Haruka recently, so I'm pretty used to doing morning workouts now!
Minori: Oh, why don't you two join us? Running in the morning is a great way to get fresh air and clear your head!
Mizuki: Hmm... Running, huh...? Unfortunately, that's probably about the time I get ready to go to bed.
Nene: It's pretty easy for me to stay up all night playing a video game...
Mizuki: Yeah... Sorry, but I don't think we're...
Nene: But I do wanna start training a little harder, so I might try joining you two for a run.
Mizuki: What?! I thought you were on my side, Kusanagi!


