1 1191:areatalk_ev_band_06_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Ichika: Honami, it's so incredible how colorful your lunches always look.
Ichika: I usually only ever prepare frozen foods or basic omelets, so I never get the sort of palette you do.
Honami: To be fair, making lunch first thing in the morning is pretty difficult.
Honami: But if it isn't too much trouble, I recommend trying some simple marinades. Lightly pickling some vegetables can also help add a little color to your lunches.
Ichika: So just let them marinade in vinegar overnight or something? I could do that. It'd make my mornings much easier too.
Ichika: I'd like it if you could tell me more, Honami.
Honami: Of course! In terms of vegetables, bell peppers are really great for this. They're so colorful and have this natural sweetness to them. Also...


2 1192:areatalk_ev_band_06_002

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: Hona, about that glittery eye shadow I just bought... Can I see how it looks on you?
Honami: M-Me?
Saki: Yeah! I've been wanting to use the same makeup as my friends, so, please...!
Honami: Hehe. Okay. I'm curious to see how we look.
Saki: Really?! Thanks, Hona! Hehe. You're gonna look so cute with this on♪


3 1193:areatalk_ev_band_06_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Honami: Oh, Shiho! Are you heading for work?
Shiho: Yeah. The band that's supposed to play today is missing someone, so I'll be playing in their place.
Honami: Oh, okay...
Honami: I say this every time, but what you do really is incredible. I mean, you're meeting some of these bands for the first time, right?
Shiho: They're usually very thoughtful and understand the situation they're putting me in.
Shiho: Also, being able to play with so many different bands helps improve my own playing skills.
Honami: I see... You've spent so much time honing your craft.
Shiho: Yeah, but I've also started asking other bands about what they try to focus on as a group.
Shiho: I want us to keep improving, so...
Honami: Shiho...
Honami: I promise to become a better musician and learn to support all of you...!
Shiho: Honami... Okay, I'm holding you to that.


4 1194:areatalk_ev_band_06_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hey, have you heard about this movie? It's about these four high school girls who form a band and try to go pro together!
Honami: Oh, I think I saw the trailer for that. It's based on a true story that happened in the United States, right?
Saki: Yeah, that one! Apparently, they picked girls for their cast who had no experience performing live to make it look like they were improving over time!
Ichika: Really? That really didn't seem to be the case based on the trailer I saw...
Saki: Yeah, that's the point! Hey, why don't we all go and see it sometime?
Shiho: Sure, why not? It might be good for us to.
Saki: Yay! Shiho's in!
Ichika: What if we saw it before one of our practices?
Honami: Oh, that's a good idea! It might inspire us to try even harder at practice.
Shiho: Okay, sounds like a plan.
Saki: Yay! Thanks, you guys♪ Hehe. I can't wait to see it.


5 1195:areatalk_ev_band_06_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Len)

Len: This school's so big that it makes exploring it pretty fun.
Len: Let's see. I just went up to the rooftop so... I know! I'll start peeking into each classroom I come across!
Len: I can't wait to see what I find!


6 1196:areatalk_ev_band_06_006

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kagamine Len)

Len: Hey, Honami, about this song...
Honami: Oh, it's this song... I had trouble grasping its rhythm the other day during practice...
Len: I've been having trouble with it too. It's like the more I practice it, the more confused I become.
Len: I get that I should ask someone who's mastered it already, but that's like admitting defeat, you know...?
Len: I was wondering if we could work on it together so that we can both figure it out before our next practice.
Honami: Of course! I'd love to, Len!


7 1197:areatalk_ev_band_06_007

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Len: Oh, that reminds me. I've been taking a peek at some of the instruments in that one classroom and found this synth that was covered in star stickers.
Rin: Oh, that's mine.
Len: I knew it. Seriously, what's with all those stickers?
Rin: Oh, those? Sakki gave them to me so I put them on♪
Rin: That synth sound so much brighter and more sparkly with those on, you know♪ 
Len: Sparkly...?
Rin: Yes, sparkly! You'll know what I mean by playing it, so let's go!
Len: Huh? H-Hey, wait, don't pull!


8 1198:areatalk_ev_band_06_008

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Len: Hey, KAITO, which CDs do you recommend out of the ones that are here?
KAITO: I guess, this...
Len: Okay, why this one?
KAITO: Because this band's technically sound and plays as a single unit...
KAITO: This band that made this CD is the reason why Shiho wants to become a professional bassist, so I recommend listening to it...
Len: That's pretty high praise coming from you, KAITO! Anyway, thanks, I promise to give it a listen!


