1 1796:areatalk_ev_shuffle_36_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

Saki: Hehehe, I always wanted to try this colorful ice cream♪ Thanks for coming with me, Haruka!
Haruka: I was curious about it too. Plus, I had some free time before my next job.
Saki: Gotcha! I guess I managed to invite you at the right time, then! Wait, Haruka, your ice cream's dripping!
Haruka: Huh? You're right... Ah, and on this side too...
Haruka: Saki, did you just take a picture?
Saki: Yeah! It was cute how you looked all flustered, so I wanted to keep this memory for the next time I make a photo album♪
Haruka: Come on... If you're going to take one, let's take one together. That'll be a better memory of the two of us, don't you think?
Saki: Oh, you're right! Then let's get a selfie together♪


2 1797:areatalk_ev_shuffle_36_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Emu Otori)

Saki: Ooh, ooh! Can we have a cheese fondue party next time?
Airi: So cheese fondue will be our follow-up to chocolate fondue. Sounds good, let's do it!
Emu: I'm in too! I wanna eat lots of melty, fluffy, piping hot cheese☆
Saki: Woohoo! I just can't forget that feeling of coating foods in deliciousness to make them taste even better...!
Emu: Yeah, absolutely! I wanna use the power of cheese to transfooorm all kinds of food☆
Airi: (I ate too much chocolate last time, and it was tough getting back into shape... So, I'll go in with a plan this time...!)


3 1798:areatalk_ev_shuffle_36_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Haruka Kiritani, Emu Otori)

Emu: That game of dodgeball we played the other day was sooo much fun! Hey, hey, let's all play something together again sometime!
Haruka: That sounds good. If we want to play something we can all do together... What about basketball?
Emu: Whoa, we'd all go THUNK THUNK WOOSH☆ That sounds fun!
Shiho: Oh... But basketballs are hard, and I think I'd be in a tough spot on the off chance I jammed a finger.
Haruka: Then maybe a card or board game would be better than a sport?
Emu: Oh! I know one we can play even in a big group! You line up the words written on different cards and make your own mythical creatures!
Emu: And then, the winner is the person whose creature best fits whatever the theme is, like “cute” or “cool”!
Shiho: Huh... That sounds kinda fun.
Haruka: We should be able to do that in the classroom, so let's invite everyone and give it a try sometime.


4 1799:areatalk_ev_shuffle_36_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Shiho: Kiritani, Momoi, thank you for putting on that show for Saki the other day.
Airi: No need to thank us! We did it because we wanted to.
Airi: But it ended up being a pretty simple show since we couldn't rent a space or any equipment, so next time I want to invite her to a real one.
Haruka: Yeah. When we do, Hinomori, I hope you'll also come.
Shiho: Oh... Thanks. Then I guess I'll go when the opportunity comes. I want to see what your shows are like too.
Airi: Hehe, it's decided! We'll do our best to make sure we can give you a great performance!


5 1800:areatalk_ev_shuffle_36_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Saki: Oh yeah, KAITO, Len, what did you two talk about the night of our sleepover? I've been wondering since you were the only ones in a different classroom!
KAITO: Um... We didn't talk much.
Len: Yeah. We did have a jam session on the roof, though.
Saki: What?! Why did you do that?
KAITO: I couldn't really get to sleep... I was playing on my own when Len came looking for me, and he just went with it.
Len: You scared me, KAITO. I wake up in the middle of the night and you're gone...
KAITO: Sorry...
Saki: Hahaha. Doing a jam session while looking at the stars sounds like it'd have this romantic quality. Next time you do that, be sure to invite me along, please!


