1 1505:areatalk_ev_band_10_001

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Shiho: Luka, thank you for agreeing to tutor us during our training.
Luka: Hehe. You're welcome. Miku and the others were ecstatic when you asked for their help.
Luka: Of course, I was as well.
Ichika: Really? But we practiced for such long hours every day and took up so much of your guys' time. That's on top of how much you've helped us with practices up to this point too.
Luka: Oh, you don't need to worry about that.
Luka: Besides, getting to chat about so many different things during break time was very fun. Like about you and Shiho, Ichika...
Shiho: Huh? Us...?
Luka: Nevermind. Any further and I'll be at risk of facing the wrath of Saki and Honami...
Ichika: Wait, what did they tell you about us?
Luka: Hehe. Now, let's get back to practicing.
Shiho: Luka, wait! This is going to bug us!


2 1506:areatalk_ev_band_10_002

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, KAITO)

KAITO: Saki, you seem to know quite a lot of snacks and sweets. You always surprise me by bringing ones that I've never seen before to after parties...
Saki: Hehe. I see them as great opportunities for you guys to try new or different ones!
Shiho: You say that, but I'm guessing you mix in some snacks that you want to try each time.
Saki: Huh?! Y-Yeah, I sometimes do throw in some snacks that caught my eye... You know, to see how they taste?
Shiho: I knew it...
KAITO: I'm perfectly okay with that... I'm sure Rin and Miku would be interested in trying the snacks that you wish to try, Saki...
Saki: Really?! Woohoo! Then, I'll bring some over next time♪
Shiho: Oh, you... Also, KAITO, you know you don't have to pander to her like this, right?
KAITO: That wasn't my intention... Besides, I was just telling her the truth.
Shiho: Really? Well, if you say so...


3 1507:areatalk_ev_band_10_003

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, MEIKO)

MEIKO: That reminds me. We didn't end up having any sleepovers during our training.
MEIKO: Rin seemed a bit down since she was looking forward to having a pajama party with you girls so much.
Shiho: Saki also wanted to do one, but the topic never came up after we started training in earnest...
Honami: Before we began, she decided that she wanted to see you play without holding back, Shiho. She even said, “No time for play! I've gotta practice!”
Shiho: I didn't know that...
Honami: Um, Shiho...
Honami: For Saki and Rin's sake, I'd like it if we could throw a little pajama party... What do you think?
Shiho: Sure, why not...? We have put in more effort for this show than ever before, so I think we all deserve a bit of a reward.
MEIKO: That sounds wonderful! Alright, now that you've given it your stamp of approval, Shiho, let's start getting the word out.
Honami: Okay!
Shiho: My stamp of approval...? Well, whatever.


4 1508:areatalk_ev_band_10_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Oh, Ichika, you brought lunch today. That's pretty rare of you.
Honami: We were just talking about how we both brought lunches today.
Saki: Yeah, I brought one too! That means we get to have a luncheon today♪
Ichika: Huh? But we're just having lunch together like normal...
Saki: Tsukasa said, “Days when you bring lunch are a special occasion!” That's why he calls it a luncheon when he brings one.
Shiho: Tsukasa always interprets things in the strangest ways.
Ichika: But I sort of understand what he means by bringing lunch being a slightly special occasion.
Ichika: I was really happy when my mom handed me my lunch today. I felt like shouting, “Woohoo!”
Honami: Hehe. The way you said, “Woohoo!” just now was so adorable, Ichika.
Ichika: Huh?!
Shiho: You sounded really excited. Almost as much as when you talk about yakisoba buns.
Ichika: H-Hey... What's wrong with liking yakisoba buns...?
Ichika: More importantly, we should find a place to eat before others take them all.
Saki: Haha. Alright, let's go find one!


5 1509:areatalk_ev_band_10_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Oh, Shih! There you are! We're gonna do that Sour Deluxe thing again!
Shiho: Huh? You don't mean the gum where there's only one piece in the pack that's normal and the rest are super sour, right?
Rin: That's it! Sakki bought more for us♪
Rin: We had everyone eat their pieces one by one last time, so we're apparently gonna go all at once this time!
Shiho: Oh, right... Because Saki went first last time and just happened to get the regular one. After that, everyone knew that their pieces were sour.
Rin: Exactly! That's why she wants a do-over and change up the rules a bit this time♪
Shiho: It seems kinda weird for the person who was safe last time to want a do-over... Also, do I have to join?
Rin: You're not up for it? C'mon, Shih! Miku-P and Luka also said they'd join!
Shiho: Okay, fine... Which classroom do I need to go to?
Rin: You'll join?! Yay! Alright, then, follow me!
Shiho: Okay, okay.


