1 1152:areatalk_ev_shuffle_12_001

[Theme Park]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Okay, so... Welcome, everyone.
Minori: Thanks for inviting us to see your show, Nene! I've really been looking forward to this!
Kohane: Me too! I became so excited after hearing about your new show that I had trouble sleeping last night.
Ichika: Hehe. You were already a fan of her troupe's shows after all, Kohane.
Ichika: Oh, Kusanagi, would you mind me asking what we can look forward to seeing in your new show?
Minori: Ohh, I wanna hear too!
Nene: Well, it's a lot like a musical, so I guess I hope that you like the songs that are gonna be in it.
Ichika: That means you'll be singing some of your lines, right? Your show might serve as a nice reference for me when I'm writing song lyrics.
Nene: Also, we worked really hard on getting the costumes and choreography just right, so I hope you like that as well.
Minori: Costumes and choreography, you say?! It'll be a perfect learning experience for an idol like me!
Kohane: Hehe. I'm excited about the songs you'll be performing too since the other members of your troupe are also great singers.
Nene: (They're genuinely looking forward to seeing our show...)
Nene: (Okay, that means we have to do everything we can to exceed their expectations...)


2 1153:areatalk_ev_shuffle_12_002

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Nene Kusanagi)

Minori: Oh, Nene, look! It says that a debut event for some new idols is about to start soon!
Nene: Really? CD shops put on events like that?
Minori: Yeah! They even hold meet-and-greet events, seasonal shows and all sorts of other stuff.
Nene: I see... Oh, some people are already making their way over...
Minori: Yeah, it might be time! Wanna check it out since we're here?
Nene: Uh, sure... I don't think I've ever been to anything like this before.
Minori: Yay! I'm sure it'll be really fun! Those other people must be fans too. I have to think they're just as excited, if not more!
Nene: Right. I can't wait to see what this event's like.


3 1154:areatalk_ev_shuffle_12_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Nene Kusanagi)

Kohane: Is it true that you've been singing and acting since you were little, Kusanagi?
Nene: Yeah. I saw a rendition of “The Little Mermaid” when I was little and decided that I want to be just like the lead actress. I've been looking up to her ever since.
Kohane: Oh, I know exactly how you feel!
Kohane: The reason I got into street music is because of the way this one girl sang. Now, we're teammates.
Nene: You mean Shiraishi?
Kohane: Yeah! After I heard her sing that time, my heart wouldn't stop pounding and I felt like I just stepped into a whole new world of music.
Nene: I know that feeling... The actress I just mentioned had the same effect on me.
Kohane: Hehe. Music's such a wonderful thing, isn't it? Because of that, we're here talking like this today.
Nene: Yeah, it really is.


4 1155:areatalk_ev_shuffle_12_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Emu Otori)

Minori: It's almost time for our stream... I have to make sure not to mix up our talking points this time.
Emu: You seem a little blue, Minori. Let's turn that frown upside down by making it... Wonderhoy☆
Minori: Eep! E-Emu?!
Emu: Hehe☆ Sorry if I startled you!
Emu: You always have this big smile on your face but seem kind of down today. Is something bothering you?
Minori: Thank you for your concern, Emu.
Minori: The other day, I flubbed by talking about the wrong thing during a stream and became so nervous after that.
Emu: Oh, okay... But it'd be a shame if you kept feeling so blue. After all, everyone watches your streams to see your beautiful smile, right☆
Minori: Emu... You're right. Thank you!
Minori: I'm an idol who's supposed to spread hope to everyone, so I have to keep trying my best and produce more and more smiles!
Emu: Yay, Minori's back♪ I'll be rooting for you, okay☆
Minori: Okay! Thank you so much, Emu!


5 1156:areatalk_ev_shuffle_12_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

??? (Honami): Ichika, guess who?
Ichika: Huh...? That voice... Honami? But it has to be Saki covering my eyes, right?
Honami: Oh, was that too easy?
Shiho: I really don't think she was about to get that one wrong.
Saki: Aww, really? Sure, it's easy to recognize someone's voice, but how on earth did you know that it was me covering your eyes?!
Ichika: Because your hands are warmer than most people's. Also, I don't see Shiho really playing along with your antics.
Honami: Oh, that's right. Saki, your core body temperature is higher than average, isn't it?
Saki: Yeah, but I still can't believe she figured it all out...!
Saki: Shiho, you really should've helped. Then everything would've gone as planned...
Shiho: Okay, okay. But why go through all this trouble?
Saki: Because! We get to surprise Ichi, right? And we get to feel some sense of accomplishment!
Ichika: You don't have to surprise me just to say “Hi,” you know?
Saki: Says you. You didn't even flinch when I covered your eyes.
Shiho: Anyway, enough chatting. Let's get back to practice.
Honami: Right. We're keeping Miku and the others waiting.
Ichika: Okay, let's go!


6 1157:areatalk_ev_shuffle_12_006

[Theme Park]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: And to your right, everyone, is the Phoenix Coaster!
Airi: Yes, we can see that for ourselves. Also, you're just reading off what's written on that sign, aren't you?
Shizuku: Minori seems so excited.
Haruka: She has been looking forward to going to PXL together for a while now.
Airi: I get that, but isn't this supposed to be a nice, relaxing trip? You know, since the Fan Festival is finally over?
Shizuku: That's true too. I hope being our guide like this isn't putting too much of a strain on her.
Haruka: I don't think it is... I mean, look
Minori: Hehe. Kohane and I even made a special guidebook just for a day like today, so I want everyone to have as much fun as they possibly can!
Haruka: Hehe. She's in her own little world.
Airi: Yeah, I can see that. I guess that means we should just play along and have as much fun as we really can, huh?
Shizuku: Yes, let's!


7 1158:areatalk_ev_shuffle_12_007

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Hey, I have a bit of a suggestion. Why don't we try shuffling around partners the next time we practice?
Akito: Shuffle?
An: Yeah! I could pair up with Akito and Kohane could pair up with Toya! How does doing practice like that sound?
Toya: I see. We did that once when we worked on harmonizing better that other time...
Kohane: Yeah, and it's not something we usually do either.
An: I actually got this idea from practicing with Kohane's friends the other day. By practicing with someone we don't usually practice with, we might make some new discoveries!
Kohane: Oh, I know what you mean! I really saw things from a different perspective while practicing with Minori.
Toya: A different perspective. Yes, it may be good to try this idea out.
Akito: Right, but what we practice won't be any different.
An: Yay! Alright, let's start by picking our new partners!


8 1159:areatalk_ev_shuffle_12_008

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Huh? Nene, where's Robo-Nene? I thought you two were together.
Nene: Oh, no. I heard some strange noises coming from her, so I'm having Rui take a look.
Tsukasa: Really? Is Robo-Nene gonna be okay?
Rui: Yes. She should be all better in two or three days.
Tsukasa: Ah, good.
Emu: But we won't get to see her during that time, right?
Nene: It'll be just for a couple of days.
Emu: I know, but...
Tsukasa: Then, why don't we come up with a way to celebrate her getting all better?
Rui: Hehe. That was fast. I haven't even begun working on her yet.
Nene: But Robo-Nene might really enjoy it.
Emu: Yeah! Okay, let's start planning a surprise party for when Robo-Nene gets back♪
Nene: Hehe. Sure.


9 1160:areatalk_ev_shuffle_12_009

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: This place is as empty as ever.
Mizuki: Haha. But there are more people here now.
Kanade: Yes, there are. Miku was all alone here at first.
Ena: That's true. Then Rin, MEIKO and Luka came alone... And something happened along the way each time.
Mizuki: Yeah. Even so, Mafuyu does actually seem to be changing a little bit at a time.
Mafuyu: I am...?
Ena: All you used to say was, “I don't know.” But that's not always the case anymore.
Kanade: Right. I think that's important to think about, Mafuyu.
Kanade: And we'll be happy to help you out whenever you feel or think of anything.
Mafuyu: Okay...


