1 2694:areatalk_wl_idol_02_001

[Stage SEKAI - Flower Field]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Hey, since the tree's grown bigger, does that mean the flowers of hope are also gonna do the same?
Airi: Hmm... It's normal for trees to grow bigger, but the same doesn't really apply for flowers.
Haruka: But this is SEKAI, so that's not entirely out of the question, right?
Shizuku: They might grow very large, like amaryllises.
Airi: Well, I guess the odds of that happening aren't zero.
Minori: Right! If they do grow really big, then we should have another picnic together!
Shizuku: Yes, we should. We could even put on a show. I imagine that singing in front of large flowers would feel wonderful.
Haruka: Hehe. That does sound like fun. Also, if we're doing this, then we should invite Miku and others.


2 2695:areatalk_wl_idol_02_002

[Stage SEKAI - Flower Field]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Haruka: Come to think of it, Minori... During that dream, you and I did some volunteer work together.
Minori: Yeah! That was really fun... Even in that dream, you were really dazzling.
MEIKO (MMJ): I can imagine how starstruck Minori was.
Miku (MMJ): You said you were in a different idol group, Minori. What sorts of things did you do with them?
Minori: Lots of things! Meet and greets, shows, stuff like that.
Haruka: Then, we had a chance to see you in a very different light. Now I wish that I did.


3 2696:areatalk_wl_idol_02_003

[Stage SEKAI - Flower Field]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Shizuku: *Yawn*
Len (MMJ): You seem pretty sleepy, Shizuku. Did you stay up late last night or something?
Shizuku: Yes, we were thinking about putting on a surprise show for you and the others...
Airi: Wait, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Huh? *Gasp*
Rin (MMJ): Hehe♪ If it's supposed to be a surprise, then I promise not to tell the others!
Airi: Thanks, Rin. We plan on doing everything we can to make sure you guys all get to have lots of fun. We're sure you'll love it!


4 2697:areatalk_wl_idol_02_004

[Stage SEKAI - Flower Field]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, KAITO)

Airi: What's wrong, you two? You're both looking at the flower field with such serious expressions.
KAITO (MMJ): We were just trying to see how many flowers have bloomed.
Minori: Hehe. So many more are blooming compared to before...!
Airi: Yeah, most of them were buds when we first came here.
KAITO (MMJ): This must be the result of your hard work, dedication and sheer amount of hope you've spread to others.
Minori: Yeah...! And we gotta keep spreading more and more hope!
Airi: Yeah, let's keep doing our best!


5 2698:areatalk_wl_idol_02_005

[Stage SEKAI - Flower Field]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Haruka: That's when we'll hand them our thank-you letters and sing together. How does that sound?
Luka (MMJ): You two seem to be having a fun conversation. Can you tell me what you're discussing?
Haruka: Hehe. It's still a secret.
Shizuku: Yes, because we need to surprise all of you and make sure that you have an enjoyable time!
Shizuku: Oh, I know. What's your favorite song, Luka? We'd like to use it for reference.
Luka (MMJ): Oh, does this have to do with the secret you just mentioned? Hehe. My favorite song is...
Haruka: (Luka figured it out already...didn't she?)


6 2738:areatalk_monthly2509_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Last night, I had a dream where I was on a quiz program! It was one of those where you get shocked after getting five questions wrong, which is how I woke up...
Ichika: That doesn't seem like a nice way to wake up. What sorts of questions were you asked...?
Minori: Umm... “On average, how many people ride the train each day?” That was one of them...
Haruka: That's pretty hard. I wouldn't be able to answer confidently.
Minori: Oh, but I answered the questions about Haruka right away! Like “On which program did Haruka Kiritani first become a regular member?”
Ichika: Hehe. You would know that. I'd probably be good at questions involving Miku or yakisoba buns.
Haruka: In that case, it'd be penguins and exercising for me.
Minori: Yeah, you two would be able to answer those kinds of questions right away...!
Minori: Alright, the next time someone holds a quiz tournament, we should enter it together! We'll win if they ask us about Haruka, Miku, yakisoba buns, penguins and exercising!
Haruka: Would they ask such pinpoint questions...?
