1 1075:areatalk_ev_shuffle_09_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Hey, Akito. There's this caramel apple shop...
Akito: No thanks. Take Akiyama instead of me.
Ena: I would if I could...
Ena: Lately, I've sort of been forcing Mizuki to do stuff with me and I'm worried that I've been way too pushy...
Akito: Oh, you're actually aware of what you've been doing.
Ena: Well, yeah...
Akito: And now you're sort of forcing me into doing something with you?
Ena: No, with you it's different.
Akito: How?!


2 1076:areatalk_ev_shuffle_09_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Oh...
Airi: Hey, Akito! Long time no see! It's good to see you!
Akito: Thank you. Momoi, I heard that you formed a new group and returned to being an idol...
Airi: Yeah, a lot happened between when I quit and now. I ended up making my family, friends and fans all worry about me too...
Airi: And come to think of it, Ena never really brings any of that up when we talk. Is she just trying to be nice or something?
Akito: Oh, yeah... I guess so...
Airi: I knew it. Sorry, I didn't mean for it to be so awkward.
Akito: No, it's okay. I should be the one apologizing for the way she usually behaves.
Airi: Don't worry about that. She's been able to help me out a bunch already because of that!
Airi: (At the same time, Akito's such a good little brother.)


3 1077:areatalk_ev_shuffle_09_003

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Kanade: Oh, Ena. I didn't realize you were already here.
Ena: Yeah, I wanted to show Rin this drawing! Hehe. Look...
Mafuyu: It's... A caricature of Rin while she's singing?
Ena: Yup. I took a photo of her when she was singing the other day.
Ena: So, how is it? I thought it turned out pretty well...
Kanade: Yes, I think so too. Her expression is so detailed. It's easy to tell what kind of song she's singing and how just by looking.
Ena: Thank you! What do you think, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: I like how it's easy to know what you were going for.
Ena: Hehe. Thanks!
Mafuyu: You should make the illustrations you usually do more like this one.
Ena: Those are different! It's bad form to just dumb everything down.
Kanade: I hope Rin likes it.
Ena: Yeah, me too. I doubt she'll really show how she feels, but I'm looking forward to showing this to her.


4 1078:areatalk_ev_shuffle_09_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Thank you all for joining me on today's tour of where Li'l Bro works...
Akito: Alright, we get it. Can we get going already?
Mizuki: Aww, don't be like that...! We're here to have fun♪ Right, Toya?
Toya: Yes. We'd only used it as a meeting location until now, so I'm excited to actually take a look for a change.
Akito: I guess you're right. Lately, we've just been meeting up at the park too...
Mizuki: See? It's a good thing we came then, right?
Mizuki: Also, I don't really know much about street fashion, so I want you to pick out an outfit for me, Li'l Bro.
Akito: Huh? I can try, but I have no idea what really suits you and stuff, you know?
Mizuki: That's totally fine♪ Just recommend me stuff that you think is good.
Toya: Sure.


5 1079:areatalk_ev_shuffle_09_005

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Ena Shinonome)

Shizuku: Thank you for today, Ena. Going shopping with you was just so much fun.
Ena: Yeah, I had fun too.
Ena: But I feel like we've been doing stuff together a lot lately. Isn't this taking time away from streaming and practicing...?
Airi: Oh, don't worry about that. We're already practicing every day anyway.
Airi: Plus, it's important to take breaks like this so that we can turn off, you know? There's this one girl in our group who has to actually make an effort to take time off...
Shizuku: Yes, so we all agreed to make sure that we all periodically take breaks like this.
Ena: It takes effort to take time off? Being an idol sounds so hard.
Airi: To be fair, she's an extremely special case. She absolutely loves being an idol and does everything she can to not disappoint her fans.
Shizuku: Yes, she does. She even surprised me when she mentioned that she runs each morning and evening.
Airi: Not only that, she even trains and works out on her own, right? She's been doing it for years too, so she really is just something else.
Ena: Y-Years?!
Ena: (Wow... Idols really are all people who can stay focused even when there aren't any cameras around. I don't think I could ever do what they do...


6 1080:areatalk_ev_shuffle_09_006

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: You're pretty limber, huh? That thought always pops into my head every time we have dance practice.
Toya: Are you sure? I don't think I'm any different from anyone else...
Akito: Sure but you didn't do sports or anything, right? People like that don't usually end up like you.
Toya: Oh, I see... That may be because of all the stretching I had to do when I was learning to play the piano.
Toya: When I was little, my mother made sure I did these stretches to make sure I stayed limber in order to maintain my posture.
Akito: (Geez, his parents made him do that too? I guess they wanted him to become a classical musician just that much...)
Toya: Hm? Is something wrong...?
Akito: No.
Akito: (I'm just glad you finally found something that you yourself want to do.)


7 1081:areatalk_ev_shuffle_09_007

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Ena: Hey, Miku, do you have any interest in festivals?
Miku (N25): Festivals?
Ena: Yeah. I don't think I told you about how we went to one together as N25 the other day.
Miku (N25): As N25? Including Mafuyu...?
Mafuyu: Yeah. Cram school ended early that day, so I was free to join them.
Miku (N25): I see. Did you have fun together...?
Mafuyu: I guess so...
Miku (N25): ...
Ena: Oh, also! We took a bunch of pictures. Wanna see?
Miku (N25): Yes. Thank you, Ena.
Ena: Hehe. You're welcome!


8 1082:areatalk_ev_shuffle_09_008

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

Len: That dance was so much fun! What do you wanna try next? Any ideas?
Akito: That's easy to ask... I don't really have an answer for you off the top of my head.
Toya: Indeed... Dancing is more of an athletic activity, so why don't we try something more cultural or artistic next?
Len: Sure! Oh, we can try drawing or something next!
Akito: I'm not teaching you anything, just fair warning.
Len: Aww, you haven't even given me a chance to say what yet!
Akito: No, the second you mentioned drawing, you looked my way. Scratch that. You said that after you made eye contact with me.
Len: Grr... Fine, I'll think of something else.
Len: But you guys need to tell me if you come up with anything too, alright?
Akito: Yeah, yeah. We'll tell you when we do think of something.
Len: Good! That's a promise, okay?


9 1085:areatalk_monthly2107_003

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, MEIKO)

Minori: Thanks for letting me watch your show, MEIKO! I learned a lot from seeing how you talked and interacted with everyone!
MEIKO: You're very welcome♪ I'm hoping that someday you'll be there on that stage with me, Minori!
Minori: Me too! Oh, but for that to happen, I need to get better at doing live performances first...
MEIKO: That reminds me, it's pretty hard for you girls to actually put on shows since you're freelancing, huh?
Minori: It is. All that we've done so far is a joint performance...
MEIKO: Don't worry! You all practice so hard each and every day, so I'm sure your next opportunity is just around the corner!
Minori: MEIKO...
Minori: Right. If we're gonna be idols that deliver hope to everyone, we need to start by believing in ourselves!
MEIKO: Yes, exactly!


10 1086:areatalk_monthly2107_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Haruka, how have things been going for you lately?
Haruka: Good. I can't complain.
MEIKO: Well, good for you♪ By the way, have you been taking breaks periodically like you promised?
Haruka: Yes, I am now that I'm actually committing time specifically for that. I'd hate to make the others worry about me again.
MEIKO: Great. I'm glad you are!
MEIKO: (Hehe. It really is impressive how she can be so flexible with others!)


11 1087:areatalk_monthly2107_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, MEIKO)

Airi: Hi, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Oh, I guess calling me by my nickname isn't really your thing.
Airi: Huh? I mean, I don't usually call people by their nicknames. I feel a little weird doing it, you know...?
MEIKO: Ah, I see. I didn't mean for you to feel that way or anything.
Airi: No, I'm sorry too. I understand that you want to get to know me a little better, and I appreciate how you've been trying to do that.
MEIKO: Thank you! I'm glad you understand, Airi!


12 1088:areatalk_monthly2107_006

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Shizuku, I heard that your sense of direction is a little lacking, but is it really that easy for you to get lost?
Shizuku: Yes, well... I have no trouble walking to school since I do it daily...
Shizuku: But whenever I go somewhere new or walk down an unfamiliar street, I'll lose track of where I came from if I'm not careful.
MEIKO: Huh? But that'd be somewhere you just were, no?
Shizuku: Yes, it's the strangest thing... Whenever that happens, I'll check my phone to get my bearings again...
Shizuku: But I'm also not very good at using my phone, so I usually end up having to ask someone for directions...
MEIKO: I see...
MEIKO: (I suspected that it wouldn't be a good idea to leave Shizuku all by herself here in SEKAI, but now I know for sure not to...)


