1 2328:areatalk_ev_shuffle_46_001

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Oh, Toya! Are you free after school today?
Toya: Yes, I should be... Why do you ask?
An: So, Akito's been studying really hard for the tests that are coming up.
An: The last time I talked to him, he basically said that he's been doing all his homework and is gonna get good scores because he's gotten such a nice head start!
Toya: A head start? But we all already know when we're going to be given those tests...
An: That's not the point! At this rate, I might end up the only one with bad scores!
An: I can't let Kohane down like that as her partner. So, I need you to help me study!
Toya: (I don't entirely agree with her motives, but if she feels that she needs to study...)
Toya: Okay, I'll help you with any subject you ask.


2 2329:areatalk_ev_shuffle_46_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: That reminds me, Saki. There's something I need to tell you.
Saki: Huh? Tell me?
Toya: Yes. Congratulations on the release of your debut CD. I apologize for not saying so sooner.
Toya: My teammates and I saw your band's music video being played on one of the digital billboards. We couldn't stop talking about your incredible achievement.
Saki: Really?! Hehe. I'm so glad you guys all feel that way.
Saki: That reminds me! Kohane told me at school about how you guys made your dream come true!
Toya: Yes, we finally managed to surpass the legendary event that we've always wanted to.
Saki: From my point of view, that's a way more impressive achievement! Congratulations, Toya!
Toya: Ah, thank you very much...


3 2330:areatalk_ev_shuffle_46_003

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Kanade: I was only able to get the consolation prize from that drawing. A pack of tissues.
Mafuyu: You did win those tickets to Shibuya Instrument Day not too long ago. Winning constantly seems improbable.
Kanade: Yes, but what happens when lucky people don't win the top prize? Do they still end up getting something good?
Mafuyu: You'd likely have to tally each individual's win statistics, but I don't know anyone who's won something every time...
Kanade: Me neither...
Kanade: You would think it would be easier to win bigger prizes towards the end. But the probabilities don't actually change, so I guess it does come down to luck.
Mafuyu: And wanting something desperately can lead to not winning it.
Kanade: Oh, very true...
Mafuyu: Did Mizuki just pop into your head, Kanade?
Kanade: Huh? How did you know?
Mafuyu: Because I was also picturing Mizuki just now...


4 2331:areatalk_ev_shuffle_46_004

[Music Shop]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Kanade Yoisaki)

Toya & Kanade: Oh...
Toya: Hello, Yoisaki. Are you here to purchase a CD?
Kanade: No, I'm not looking for anything in particular. I just happened to be in the neighborhood and was wondering if they had anything good.
Kanade: Actually, I was hoping to find something in a genre that I don't listen to normally...
Toya: I see... Then, how about this team's CD?
Kanade: Huh? This cover art... Are they all wearing boar masks?
Toya: Yes, it's supposed to represent their determination to run headlong into the future as they pursue musical perfection.
Toya: Their songs are actually very unique and technically sophisticated. No one else can produce this sound, which I found very interesting.
Kanade: Really...? That does sound interesting. Left to my own devices, I doubt I ever would've looked at this CD.
Toya: Yes, since they are a bit of an acquired taste. If it weren't for my partner, I would never have discovered them either.


5 2332:areatalk_ev_shuffle_46_005

[Main Street]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Kanade: *Sigh* Navigating through all these people is exhausting. Would it be alright if we took a break somewhere?
Mafuyu: That crepe shop seems to sell drinks. Why don't we buy some there?
Kanade: Okay... Huh?
An: Oh, Yoisaki, Asahina! Hi there!
Toya: Are you two also here for double-topping day?
Kanade: Huh? Double-topping day? Oh, look at that. Double your toppings free of charge...
Mafuyu: That's a good offer. We really had no idea. Have you two already eaten?
An: We're just about to! We're saving some seats while the others go buy everything.
Toya: I'm only getting a drink since I'm not all that fond of sweets. However, you can apparently get double tapioca for your bubble tea.
Mafuyu: This offer also applies to drinks? In that case, Kanade, why don't we take our break here?
Kanade: Okay, that sounds good.


