1 1359:areatalk_aprilfool2022_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Ena Shinonome)

Airi: Alright, let's kick off our first meeting as “Youthful/friends”, the band that's all about enjoying our adolescence! Let's start with you, Saki, since this was your idea!
Saki: Okay! I'm Saki Tenma, a first-year at Miya Girls! I'll be on the synthesizer and I am really glad to be here! I'm hoping that we get to have a lot of fun while showing our youthfulness together!
Ichika: Um... My name is Ichika Hoshino. Saki and I have been friends since we were little, and I'm also a first-year at Miya Girls. I'll be playing guitar and can play a few Miku songs. I'm looking forward to working with you.
Airi: I'm Airi Momoi, a second-year at Miya Girls. I'll be playing the bass, and I'm sure you already know but I'm also an idol.
Airi: However, I'm really glad you asked me to be here since I've been wondering what it's like to be in a band.
Saki: Hehe. You always found a way to put a smile on my face when I was in the hospital, so I've been meaning to ask you if I ever got the chance.
Ena: That just leaves me. My name's Ena Shinonome. I'm a second-year at Kamiyama High and attend night school there.
Ena: Airi and I have known each other since junior high, and I ended up here after she asked me to join. I'm still working on my drumming, but I'm also looking forward to this opportunity...
Ichika: Thank you, Shinonome.
Ena: Hey, we're in a band now. Why don't we just call each other by our first names?
Ichika: I'd like that, Ena!
Ena: (I feel so out of place hanging out with younger girls from that school for rich kids...)
Airi: Now that we're done introducing ourselves, let's get down to wholeheartedly enjoying our adolescence!
Saki: Yeah♪


2 1360:areatalk_aprilfool2022_002

[Theme Park]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Ena Shinonome)

Saki: Yay! It's been too long since our last PXL visit! Look, Ichi, they even have stand-in boards of Phenny! Let's take a picture together!
Ichika: S-Saki, wait! You'll get lost if you run off like that!
Ena: Are those two always this peppy?
Airi: Oh? Is there something I can help you with, Grandma?
Ena: Just who are you calling “Grandma”...? I was just remembering what it's like to be someone's senior. I mean, I hardly talk to any younger kids during night school.
Airi: Now I understand.
Ichika: Ena, Airi. That stand-in over there has enough room for four people. Would you mind if we took a photo together?
Ena: Huh...?
Ena: He's called... Phenny, right? Wait, that means their beaks are gonna be replaced by our faces. Won't that look kinda freaky or surreal?
Airi: You say that, but you're just shy about having your picture taken, right?
Ena: No, that's not it at all...
Airi: We're here to enjoy our youth. I say have fun and worry about any regrets later♪
Airi: I mean, just look at Ichika and Saki. They're both glowing with anticipation.
Saki & Ichika: (Do you think she'll take this picture with us?)
Ena: Oh, you're right... Hehe. I guess I don't really have a choice.
Ena: But since we're doing this, first, we need to find the right angle. Airi, mind going ahead without me?
Airi: Okay! Make it a good one for us, alright?
Ena: Yeah, you got it!


3 1361:areatalk_aprilfool2022_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Ena Shinonome)

Saki: Whew... Another exhausting day...
Ena: I know, right...? Honestly, Airi, you're a total tyrant during practice...
Airi: Of course I am. We're here to make the most of our adolescence, so we gotta give everything we do 100%.
Ichika: I agree. Why don't we choose a reward for when we “complete all of our practice goals”?
Ena: Yeah, I like that. Is there anything you girls want to do?
Ichika: Yes! I'd like for us to go see a Miku concert together!
Airi: Yeah, a concert sounds great! This other idol I know just formed a new group, so it'd be great to go see their release event!
Saki: I wanna go camping in the mountains or go down to the beach since it's finally starting to warm back up. How about you, Ena?
Ena: Hmm... Nothing immediately comes to mind...
Ena: My little brother's been having fun with some new hobbies lately, so I've been thinking about raining on his parade a little.
Airi: Rain on his parade...? Never a dull moment for Akito, huh?
Airi: Anyway, I'm sure we all have a big list of things we want to do!
Saki: Yeah! I wanna do all of them while I'm still in high school♪
Ichika: All might be a bit much...
Ena: No, she's right. This is a case of whoever has the most fun wins.
Airi: Exactly! So let's keep making the most of the time we have!
Airi: Youthful/friends, are you with me?!
Saki, Ichika & Ena: “Yeah!”


4 1362:areatalk_aprilfool2022_004

[Music Shop]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, An Shiraishi, Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: Okay, this should be where we're supposed to meet... Oh...
Shizuku: You must be the last one. I'm Shizuku Hinomori of YUME YUME JUMP! It's nice to meet you.
Shizuku: And the adorable girl next to me is my younger sister...
Shiho: Hi, I'm Shiho Hinomori. I'm only going to be in YUME YUME JUMP! temporarily, but it's nice to meet you.
An: I'm also a temporary member. The name's An Shiraishi! Nice to meet you!
Kanade: U-Um... Right... My name is Kanade Yoisaki... I was supposed to be the songwriter...
Shizuku: But I already received word from our manager. You decided to go from composing songs to save people to going on stage to singing them yourself, yes?
Kanade: No, that's not what happened... They were so pushy and kept saying, “This is definitely the better option!”
Shiho: Oh, that happened to you too?
An: Same here. For me, it was, “Please, even if it's only temporary!”
Shiho: I really don't think I'm cut out to be an idol... But I thought it'd be a nice opportunity to work as a professional musician.
An: Totally. It's not every day that you get a chance like this, and life's about taking on these kinds of challenges, right?
An: Also, this may be just temporary, but try to relax since we're not gonna make you do anything without practicing it first!
Kanade: O-Okay...
Kanade: (I'm really only here because my manager asked me to join them...)
Kanade: (But they're so bright and upbeat about this... This might be the inspiration I need to compose my next song.)
Shizuku: Hehe. Let's start by doing everything we can in preparation for our release event♪
Shiho, An & Kanade: “Yeah!” “Okay.”


5 1363:areatalk_aprilfool2022_005

[Main Street]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, An Shiraishi, Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: Uh oh...
An: Kanade, are you okay? You seem kinda queasy.
Kanade: I'm... Not okay... And all my muscles are aching...
Shiho: You were pretty much out of breath again during warm-ups today...
Shizuku: Yes, I noticed that as well. However, we've only been practicing for a week, so I'm sure you'll get used to it soon.
An: Yeah, I hope so... But at this rate, we're gonna have to call ourselves BORO BORO JUMP!
Kanade: *Sigh* You may be right...
An: I know. This older guy at my school's always making these weird machines and contraptions.
An: He made this power armor suit one time and had his friend wear it for him. You should've seen the way he danced and how high he could jump!
Shizuku: That sounds incredible! That would make your life so much easier, Kanade!
Shiho: You're serious? An idol wearing power armor?
Shiho: Also, doesn't taking shortcuts sort of defeat the purpose of inspiring hope in others?
An: Yeah, true... Alright, how about some running? My best friend runs every morning and night to build up her stamina.
Kanade: E-Every morning and night...? I don't like waking up early and I need to keep my evenings open to work on my music...
An: In that case, I'll come over to wake you up, and then we can even try running together. What do you say?
Shiho: I'd be willing to join too. I don't want to see just one of us having to work so hard.
Shizuku: Yes, I agree! Let's give it a try together, Kanade!
Shizuku: And strive towards being able to sing your song on stage as a group!
Kanade: I mean... Well...
Kanade: (Th-They're too nice. I can't say no...)


6 1364:areatalk_aprilfool2022_006

[Music Shop]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, An Shiraishi, Kanade Yoisaki)

An: This is it! Our release event!
Shiho: Yeah. We've put in the work, so we just need to sing like we mean it during the show.
Shizuku: Yes, exactly! I know it wasn't easy getting used to everything, Kanade, but I'm glad you persevered.
Kanade: To be fair, I'm still limited to dancing to just one song... And I was only able to get this far because you were all there to help me along the way.
Kanade: My song... No, I hope our song is able to reach our audience's hearts.
Shizuku: Don't worry. I'm sure it will.
Shizuku: Also, about our group name, YUME YUME JUMP! Has our manager told you why we're called that?
An: Why?
Shizuku: Hehe. It has to do with you and An having such big dreams, Shii, and the archaic definition of “yume yume” in Japanese.
Shiho: “Yume yume”...? Doesn't that mean “to never do anything or something?
Shizuku: Yes. It's normally used in a negative light, but it's actually written by combining the characters from “hard work” and “effort”...
Shizuku: But “yume” also means “dream”, so YUME YUME JUMP! symbolizes everyone's expectations of us and how “we're working hard to make our dreams come true”.
An: Working hard to make our dreams come true, huh...?
Shizuku: Hehe. I can't honestly see myself being an idol capable of accomplishing incredible feats.
Shizuku: But I believe we'll be able to touch everyone's hearts and become wonderful idols as long as we work together.
Kanade: Yes, I'd like that as well...
Shizuku: Oh, look at the time... Let's go show our audience what we're all about.
An, Shiho & Kanade: “Yeah!”


7 1365:areatalk_aprilfool2022_007

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: I now declare this meeting of the backstreet entertainers, the Pegasus Dogs, open!
Tsukasa: I, Tsukasa Tenma, shall be your valiant leader, Pegasus Tenma!
Akito: Can't you come up with a better name for us and yourself for that matter...? I mean, you're using “Pegasus” for both of them.
Rui: It's just his way of coming up with a stage name for himself. I'm Rui Kamishiro, so mine would be... God Generation Kamishiro?
Toya: I see. That would make me... Blue Willow Aoyagi?
Akito: Quit copying him! Ugh... I tagged along after hearing that these two were putting a performance group together, but this...
Tsukasa: Akito, your last name is Shinonome so...
Rui: Dawn? No, “daybreak”...!
Tsukasa: Ah, Daybreak Shinonome! An excellent name!
Akito: How? Also, Toya and I haven't actually agreed to anything yet...
Toya: However, they've put on quite a few shows themselves, so this seems like a wonderful learning opportunity, no?
Akito: Yeah, I get what you're saying... But we don't necessarily have to learn from these two.
Rui: There may actually be some things that only we can teach you since I, at least, am hoping to try things that no one else has done before.
Tsukasa: That's just his way of saying he's going to use me alone as his guinea pig. With that in mind, what do you say?
Akito: Alright, if you say so... But we're calling ourselves something other than the “Pegasus Dogs”.
Toya: I agree. As it stands, Kamishiro seems like a complete outsider. Shouldn't we pick something that includes some part of all of us?
Tsukasa: Yes, I see. Let's start by coming up with a new team name!
Akito: (*Sigh* Yeah, for our own sake, something decent...)


8 1366:areatalk_aprilfool2022_008

[Main Street]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: This will be our first rehearsal as FANTASISTA SQUAD, the group formerly known as the Pegasus Dogs!
Rui: I'm glad we found a team name that we could all agree on. Personally, I think “FANTASISTA” is a wonderful choice.
Akito: That's good to hear. But it's really just a word that's used a lot in soccer.
Toya: That refers to someone with high technical skills, including passing, dribbling, shooting and even the creativity to come up with plays that make the crowd go wild, yes?
Akito: Yeah. In simpler terms, a fantasista's someone who's universally called a great player.
Rui: Hehe. I've even seen a definition that states, “Actors and street performers who excel at improvisation and saying witty lines.”
Tsukasa: As such, the word “fantasista” is perfect for backstreet entertainers such as ourselves, as well as our team name.
Tsukasa: So, let's do our best to have our name heard throughout backstreets the world over!
Akito: Huh? Backstreets the world over...?
Rui: Alright, why don't we get started with our rehearsal?
Tsukasa: Yes. We're going to give our audience all the surprises and excitement they can handle!
Akito & Toya: “Yeah.” “Yes.”


9 1367:areatalk_aprilfool2022_009

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Tsukasa! You're the Pegasus who soars in the skies above, aren't you?! Use your whole body! Dance like you're in control of the wind!
Tsukasa: Gwaaahhh!
Akito: They're at it again...
Toya: Yes, I very much admire how Tsukasa's so determined to surpass his own limits.
Toya: Not only that, Kamishiro's directing style is so unique. It's been great learning all these new things from him.
Akito: Unique? Normally, people aren't allowed to do some of this stuff...
Akito: But I get that his ideas are pretty incredible...
Akito: He seems to know what it's like to sing at a live house, how to see things from the crowd's perspective and what kind of lighting would be best.
Toya: Yes. Kamishiro's primary concern appears to be putting on the best performance possible.
Akito: Yeah...
Rui: Ah, I didn't realize you were both already here. It's time for you two to also become Pegasuses!
Akito: Us? Pegasuses...?
Toya: I'm not exactly a great dancer or anything. Do you think I'll be able to dance like Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Huff... Huff... The path of the Pegasus is both long and treacherous, Toya. Are you prepared for such an ordeal?
Toya: Yes, of course!
Rui: Then, let's get started. We'll begin with the opening scene! Aoyagi, imagine a blue willow wafting gracefully in the breeze!
Toya: Okay, I'll try my best!
Rui: Shinonome, you are trying to make the sun rise above the horizon, so dance like you're singing sonorously!
Akito: What? D-Dance like I'm singing?!
Rui: Now, begin!
Akito: Wait, I still don't get what I'm doing!!


10 1368:areatalk_aprilfool2022_010

[Theme Park]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: My name is Mafuyu Asahina, a second-year. It's nice to meet you.
Mafuyu: I've been asked as the most senior student here to be the leader of this outreach team. I'm looking forward to working with all of you.
Haruka & Kohane: “Nice to meet you too.”
Emu: N-Nice to meet you...!
Haruka: I'm Haruka Kiritani, a first-year. I don't have much acting experience, but I chose this team because I liked the theme so much. “To make everyone smile.”
Kohane: U-Um... I'm Kohane Azusawa, also a first-year. I'm a big fan of PXL and decided to try my hand at performing in a show after Emu invited me.
Emu: I-I'm Emu Otori, first-year...! I'm looking forward to working with all of you...!
Haruka: Otori, you've been on edge all day...
Mafuyu: Is it because a second-year like me is here? Don't worry, we're all here to make this show a success.
Emu: R-Right...!
Mafuyu: The goal of this outreach activity involves making children smile, so we'll be borrowing the Wonder Stage.
Kohane: I've only ever been a spectator. Am I going to be okay up there?
Haruka: I'm sure you will, Kohane. I don't have much acting experience either, so let's just try to do our best, okay?
Kohane: H-Haruka...! You're blinding me with your aura...!
Mafuyu: Wow... So this is what a real idol's smile is like.
Kohane: Thanks, Haruka...! I promise to do my best with everyone.
Mafuyu: Hehe. Sounds like we're all set to go. Let's start by thinking about what kind of show we'll be doing.
Haruka, Kohane & Emu: “Okay!”


11 1369:areatalk_aprilfool2022_011

[Theme Park]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Emu: “I'm Sunny Sunny Happy Emu! Here to put smiles on your faces today!”
Mafuyu: “I'm Goodness Smile Mafuyu! The unshakable senior who's always sparkling!”
Haruka: “I'm Stoic Challenger Haruka! You can't become an idol in just a day!”
Kohane: “I'm Makeover Beast Kohane! Behold my indomitable hammie spirit!”
Emu: “And the four of us together are...!!”
Haruka, Kohane, Emu & Mafuyu: “The Happiness Rangers Sunny Sunny☆Wonder!”
Mafuyu: Hehe. I thought that went pretty well.
Kohane: I'm still a little embarrassed about saying that, but I think I'm starting to get used to it...
Haruka: Hehe. I think it was definitely worth coming up with our self-intro lines together.
Mafuyu: I agree. By the way, Otori, you came up with “unshakable” for me. Can you tell me where you got your idea?
Emu: Huh?! Um...
Emu: (I can't say that it's because I want her to smile but haven't been able to figure out how...)
Kohane: Probably because you're our leader and always know how to pull us in the right direction.
Kohane: I think that's what makes you so “unshakable”...
Emu: Y-Yeah, that's it! Good job, Kohane! I'm really impressed!
Mafuyu: I see. Then, I'm glad I'm doing a satisfactory job so far as your leader.
Emu: (Eep! Sh-She really is unshakable...!)


12 1370:areatalk_aprilfool2022_012

[Theme Park]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Kohane: Speaking of which, we're all supposed to be heroes, right...? Are we going to fight someone?
Haruka: Oh, that's a good question. Our story won't be very heroic if we don't have a bad guy or two in it.
Mafuyu: Then, why don't I take on two roles? For instance...
Mafuyu: “I'm Darkness Smile Mafuyu. Hello from the depths of despair.”
Mafuyu: How does that sound...?
Emu: Eep...!
Haruka: Th-That felt so real... I couldn't help but get drawn in.
Kohane: Me too...! You're so good at acting, Asahina!
Mafuyu: Hehe. I think I'm a little excited about playing the antagonist since I hardly ever get that chance.
Mafuyu: So, I'll play two roles with Darkness Smile being the one who we have to defeat...
Emu: No, wait...!
Emu: U-Um...! This show's about making everyone smile, which should also include Darkness Smile!
Haruka: In that case, instead of the antagonist... What if she works as a spy under the guise of Goodness Smile?
Kohane: Oh, I like that! She could be our enemy at first, but we find a way to become friends with Darkness Smile. What if we did that?
Mafuyu: Yes, that sounds good. What do the rest of you think?
Emu: Yes, I like that idea too!
Kohane: Oh, I'm glad you like my idea so much, but why don't we take this opportunity to brainstorm a little more?
Haruka: Yes, I'd like that as well.
Emu: That's a great idea! I can't wait to see what you two come up with, Kohane, Haruka!
Mafuyu: Yes, we'll be counting on you both.
Kohane: Thank you very much! We promise to make it a good one!


13 1371:areatalk_aprilfool2022_013

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato, Nene Kusanagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Welcome to the first offline meeting of “Hobbyists on Days Off”, the chat group that's all about relaxing while discussing our hobbies!
Mizuki: I know we've already been talking a bunch online, but let's go around and introduce ourselves again!
Mizuki: The founder of this group is yours truly, Mizuki Akiyama. I'm a first-year at Kamiyama High and I like making videos and collages. I also like cute clothes, read a lot of manga and watch a ton of anime.
Minori: You really have an eye for cute clothes, Mizuki. All the brands you've told me about are so cute.
Mizuki: Hehe. Thanks! Alright, Nene, you're next.
Nene: Um... I'm Nene Kusanagi, also a first-year at Kamiyama High. I like playing competitive games, watching movies and going out to see musicals...
Honami: Oh, that movie you recommended to me the other day was so good. I laughed so much that my cheeks were hurting.
Nene: Y-You watched it...?! I'm glad you liked it...
Minori: I'll go next. I'm Minori Hanasato, a first-year at Miya Girls.
Minori: My hobbies include copying idols' dance routines and writing in my diary. Also, I'm a huge fan of Haruka Kiritani who was formerly in ASRUN!
Mizuki: I listened to that ASRUN album you told me about! It was unbelievably good!
Minori: Oh, thank you so much! Let's talk more when we get to the diner!
Honami: That just leaves me. My name is Honami Mochizuki, also a first-year at Miya Girls.
Honami: My hobbies include taking my dog, Shibao, out for walks and tending to my garden at home. My favorite food is apple pie.
Nene: Speaking of which, a new apple pie shop opened up just around the corner.
Honami: Really?! Would it be alright if we made a quick stop on our way back?
Minori: Yeah, let's go! And let's make sure to not eat too much at the diner!
Mizuki: Nah, I think we all have plenty of room to spare for this♪ Right, Honami?
Honami: Yes!
Mizuki: (Looks like they're all having fun. I'm glad I suggested we meet in real life like this♪ That means I should have as much fun as I can today too!)


14 1372:areatalk_aprilfool2022_014

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato, Nene Kusanagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Minori: Yay! It's our second offline meeting!
Nene: I mean, we left a lot on the table last time.
Mizuki: Yeah! We all love our hobbies so much that it's fun just listening to all of you talk!
Honami: Hehe. Me too.
Honami: Honestly, I was worried at first that I wouldn't be able to keep a conversation going. It's not like everyone's willing to take an interest in what I like to do.
Mizuki: No, don't say that! We all have hobbies and reasons behind why we picked them up. Isn't hearing those reasons sort of the best part of all this?
Minori: Yeah! And things become even more fun when you discover that you have something in common with that person!
Nene: Now that you mention it, we ended up talking a lot about your dog last time, Hanasato.
Honami: Samo, right? She and I just took Shibao and Samo out on a walk together yesterday!
Mizuki: Hey, good for you two! It's like this group's giving you more chances to meet in real life! Nice♪
Mizuki: I'm so glad I decided to make this group!
Mizuki: I've been losing touch with so many friends and haven't been able to talk about this kind of stuff because I hardly ever go to school these days.
Nene: Oh, I know how you feel... I'm not great at talking to people, so discovering a way to chat without being face-to-face was really nice.
Nene: At the same time, meeting up like this is kinda nice too... Especially since we finally all get to see what we're like.
Honami: I agree. I hope we get more chances to hold meetings offline like this.
Minori: Yeah, I'd like that too! We could go to an amusement park or an aquarium together sometime!
Mizuki: Totally♪ Alright, why don't we start discussing where we want to go next!
Honami, Minori & Nene: “Yeah!”


15 1373:areatalk_aprilfool2022_015

[Theme Park]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato, Nene Kusanagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: How fun was that hero show?! I can't believe they were doing it as a part of their school's outreach program!
Mizuki: I watch a lot of shows and movies like that, so they had me totally hooked after they introduced themselves!
Honami: Hehe. It was really well thought out too. The story was so dramatic and compelling.
Mizuki: Oh, like how Goodness Smile was really a spy! I'm so glad she decided to rejoin the group and become friends with everyone again!
Nene: They sang really well too. Naturally, Haruka Kiritani did great since she used to be an idol, but I was amazed by how good that other girl was.
Honami: Oh, you mean Makeover Beast Kohane? She's actually Minori's classmate and...
Minori: *Starstruck*
Nene: Huh?! Hanasato, can you hear me?! Snap out of it!
Mizuki: Oh, it's probably because she's such a big Haruka Kiritani fan! Seeing her in person might've been too much to handle!
Honami: Wh-What do we do?! Please, Minori, wake up!
Minori: Huh?! A-Am I back in PXL? I could've sworn I was walking through a beautiful field of flowers just now...
Mizuki: Phew... Thank goodness you're back...
Nene: Hey, why don't we stop by somewhere for a quick break? We can sit and talk more about the show we just saw.
Minori: I'd like that too. I'm not sure I'm fully back down on Earth yet.
Mizuki: Haha. To be fair, you did sort of just take the full might of your hero's aura.
Honami: Let's see... Oh, how about Phenny's Restaurant over there? I remember hearing that it's supposed to be wall-to-wall Phenny decorations inside.
Mizuki: Oh, I was just thinking that we should check it out too! Alright, everyone, let's go♪


16 1374:areatalk_aprilfool2022_016

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Miku (Ln): I still can't believe how big this intersection is and how many people there are.
Miku (MMJ): I know, right?! Do you think there are more people here compared to people visiting our stage?
Miku (WxS): Stage?! As in a show?!
Miku (MMJ): Well, a concert specifically since we're idols. We dance, sing, interact with the audience and try to spread hope to everyone♪
Miku (WxS): Wow! That sounds amazing!
Miku (WxS): Guess what?! We also put on lots and lots of shows because we want everyone to smile!
Miku (N25): What's a show...?
Miku (VBS): Are you talking about musicals and such?
Miku (WxS): Yup☆ Like a show with potato zombies that attack you or strange potions sold by this shady octopus that turns you into a robot! 
Miku (N25): Zombies? And a robot?
Miku (VBS): Th-That sounds like a lot...
Miku (Ln): I agree. Zombies sound a bit scary... But I'd like to see one of your shows.
Miku (MMJ): Me too! I'd also love to hear more about what kinds of songs everyone sings in SEKAI♪
Miku (VBS): I'd like to as well. I've been meaning to ask more about that.
Miku (N25): We don't really do shows or anything extravagant like that...
Miku (N25): I usually just play cat's cradle while waiting for Mafuyu and the others to visit...
Miku (WxS): Wait, cat's cradle?!
Miku (MMJ): That's so adorable! Can you show me what you can do♪
Miku (N25): Huh? Uh, well... Okay...


17 1375:areatalk_aprilfool2022_017

[Main Street]

(Character: Kagamine Rin)

Rin (Ln): No way! Your bunny-ear bow's so cute!
Rin (WxS): Hehe. This is actually a costume I wear a lot for shows!
Rin (VBS): Wait, you perform in shows?! Len and I are DJs!
Rin (MMJ): That's so cool! I perform on stage as an idol with Miku and the others♪
Rin (Ln): Wow! All of that sounds amazing! But I'm in a band with Miku-P and everyone!
Rin (MMJ): A band?! Cool! What about you?
Rin (N25): Nothing... There's no need...
Rin (MMJ): Really? Well, would you like to join me on stage?
Rin (N25): Huh?
Rin (Ln): Yeah! After that, you can play in my band!
Rin (N25): W-Wait...
Rin (VBS): You can try being a DJ too! You won't believe how much fun scratching is! Ch-Ch-Ch-Check it out!
Rin (N25): Why won't you listen...?
Rin (WxS): Oh, I know! What if we took all of the things we all just said and put on a show together?
Rins: “Th-That sounds fun!”
Rin (WxS): Will you join us? We'll dance, sing and act! I'm sure you'll have a lot of fun!
Rin (N25): *Sigh* I really don't like all this commotion...
Rin (N25): But I'm not against singing... So maybe just a little bit...
Rin (Ln): Alright, that settles that! Let's start coming up with how we're gonna do this!
Rins: “Yeah!”


18 1376:areatalk_aprilfool2022_018

[Main Street]

(Character: Kagamine Len)

Len (WxS): Really? You're in a band? That's so cool!
Len (Ln): Thanks. But you said you perform in shows and stuff, right?
Len (WxS): Yeah. KAITO's been teaching me how to do fight scenes, so I really wanna show everyone what I've learned!
Len (VBS): Fight scenes...?
Len (MMJ): As in staging fights in a way that looks real...?
Len (WxS): Yeah! Like when pirates or warriors have swordfights.
Len (VBS): Swords?! Do you use real ones?
Len (WxS): No, we don't. But it still hurts when you get hit.
Len (Ln): I-It hurts...?
Len (MMJ): Oh, wait... They might not be real, but they're made in a way that looks real when you swing them around, right?
Len (WxS): That's right! So you need to be really careful! It's fun but kinda tricky since you gotta be in sync with your opponent, you know...?
Len (MMJ): Fun but tricky, huh? Hehe. I think that's pretty cool.
Len (MMJ): I want to keep doing everything I can to do better when I'm on stage too.
Len (VBS): Hmm... Maybe I spend more time practicing on my own instead of wasting my time looking for KAITO.
Len (Ln): Hm? Are you and your KAITO not getting along?
Len (VBS): Um, not exactly. He's supposed to be my teacher, but he isn't the most detail-oriented person, you know...?
Len (Ln): Your teacher...? He seems so different from the KAITO I know...
Len (MMJ): Same here. I can't wait to hear more about what our respective SEKAI are like.


19 1377:areatalk_aprilfool2022_019

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Megurine Luka)

Luka (WxS): *Yawn* This place is so lively... Zzz... Zzz...♪
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. Sound asleep. She makes such cute faces too.
Luka (N25): Doesn't that sort of mean you're calling yourself cute?
Luka (MMJ): Oh? Is that such a bad thing? Aren't I just the cutest?
Luka (N25): ...
Luka (N25): *Sigh* It's just not as fun when it's just me...
Luka (VBS): Hehe. But this one really likes to sleep, huh? She's not even bothered by me pinching her cheek. See...?
Luka (WxS): Hehe... Zzz... Zzz...
Luka (Ln): Cut it out. It's not nice to disturb someone when they're sleeping so peacefully.
Luka (VBS): Okay♪ Still, she seems so happy...
Luka (Ln): Yes, she does. Could it be that our conversation is acting as a sort of lullaby for her?
Luka (N25): You may be right. Oh, does that mean she'll wake up if one of us cries?
Luka (VBS): Maybe! Why don't I give it a try?
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. Interesting♪ I think I'll join you.
Luka (Ln): What did I say about disturbing her slumber?
Luka (Ln): Also, there are all these shops around here. Why don't we take a peek at one of them?
Luka (VBS): I'm up for that! Which should we go to first?
Luka (N25): How about that crafts shop? Hehe. I have a feeling it's going to be full of fun and interesting objects.
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. My thoughts exactly♪ Let's go, everyone!


20 1378:areatalk_aprilfool2022_020

[Main Street]

(Character: MEIKO)

MEIKO (WxS): Wait, you run your own cafe?!
MEIKO (VBS): Yes, I make coffee, sandwiches and such for everyone who visits. Oh, and chat with them as well.
MEIKO (WxS): That's incredible! Hmm... It's very cool how you're the boss! I wish I had a title like that!
MEIKO (WxS): I could be the... “Thespian”! How about the rest of you? What would you call yourselves?
MEIKO (MMJ): I perform on stage as an idol with Miku and the others, so I could be... “SEKAI's idol”?
MEIKO (Ln): Yeah, that has a great ring to it! I'd be the... “Senpai of SEKAI's band”?
MEIKO (WxS): Yes, I see! What about you?
MEIKO (N25): I don't need a title...
MEIKO (N25): All I do is observe... I wait and see where everyone's feelings take them...
MEIKO (MMJ): You only watch? Nothing else?
MEIKO (N25): Yes.
MEIKO (MMJ): I see. I suppose that's one way to interact with people.
MEIKO (WxS): Well, in my mind, that makes you... “The mother who's worried about her child after moving to the big city”!
MEIKO (N25): ...?
MEIKO (VBS): Um... You didn't leave much to the imagination...
MEIKO (Ln): Haha! She has a point. But what if we went with “big sister” instead?
MEIKO (N25): Either way, it still doesn't actually describe who I am...


21 1379:areatalk_aprilfool2022_021

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: KAITO)

KAITO (VBS): It's so strange and wonderful to get to meet ourselves like this!
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. You seem to be enjoying yourself.
KAITO (VBS): I mean, we may never get a chance like this again. I can't help but feel excited.
KAITO (MMJ): Hehe. In terms of excitement, I feel the same way.
KAITO (MMJ): I might take this opportunity to browse through some of the shops to look for new stage outfits and accessories.
KAITO (WxS): Speaking of which, you're an idol, yes?
KAITO (MMJ): Yes. I'm also sort of Miku and the others' manager.
KAITO (Ln): What? You're a manager too...?
KAITO (VBS): That's interesting... But they must keep you very busy.
KAITO (MMJ): Hehe. Yes, it gets a little hectic sometimes, but they're always willing to lend a hand. Above all else, I really enjoy working behind the scenes.
KAITO (WxS): I understand completely. I have the honor of being the leader of our troupe, but I'm always able to persevere because I enjoy shows so much.
KAITO (Ln): You're the troupe leader...? That's impressive. I don't think I could handle that...
KAITO (VBS): Same. I like the idea of giving what you love your all, but I'm not sure about having to take on so much responsibility.
KAITO (VBS): In my case, it's sort of about doing whatever's the most fun. As a result, I'm allowed quite a few liberties.
KAITO (Ln): Wait, that works for you...? Aren't Miku or the ones who created your SEKAI bothered by that...?
KAITO (VBS): Haha. They're all good people. Unless something serious comes up, I'm usually out enjoying myself.
KAITO (WxS): That's incredible. It's like you're oozing with confidence!
KAITO (Ln): (I'm not sure I should take what he just said to heart... But what's the harm...?)


22 1380:areatalk_aprilfool2022_022

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

MEIKO: Oh, Len, I didn't realize you were here too.
Len: Yup! Oh, that reminds me! I saw KAITO just now too! Hey, KAITO, over here!
MEIKO: Oh, KAITO's here too? Well, this sort of situation likely means he's...
KAITO: Um... H-Hello. It's nice to meet you...
MEIKO: What?! H-Hello...
MEIKO: L-Len, this isn't our KAITO!
Len: Yeah, I know. That's why I wanted to introduce you.
Len: You gotta hear what he just told me! On top of being an idol, he's Miku and the others' manager!
KAITO: Hehe. I enjoy working behind the scenes and seeing everyone smile because of my efforts.
MEIKO: O-Oh, I see...
Len: Don't you get it, MEIKO? We may be in a different SEKAI, but KAITO's a hard-working person deep down.
MEIKO: I understand. But I'm still having a hard time seeing our KAITO doing something “for everyone”...
MEIKO: No, I take that back! Our KAITO has plenty of good qualities! For example, he's knowledgeable about coffee and knows just the way he likes it!
Len: But didn't you get mad at him the other day for taking that ice cream out of your refrigerator again?
MEIKO: O-Oh, that was just... Hold on, Len, you're his student. Don't you have anything good to say about your teacher?
Len: Hmm... He's never on time and hardly ever keeps his promises... But he turns into this really cool person whenever he starts talking about music. Does that work?
MEIKO: Yes, that's perfect! See? Our KAITO's not so bad, right?
KAITO: (Hehe. They've probably been through a lot together, but “their version of me” must be very happy knowing that they care about him this much.)


23 1381:areatalk_aprilfool2022_023

[Main Street]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Miku (Ln): Oh, an instrument shop... I might take a look since I'm here.
Miku (Ln): Hm? Is someone playing guitar...? Wait, they sound amazing. Are they really just trying something out...?!
Miku (Ln): And the way they're playing... I've heard this before somewhere. I might know who they are!
Miku (Ln): But who...? Huh?!
Miku (VBS): ♪————! ♪————!!
Miku (Ln): Y-You can play guitar?!
Miku (VBS): Oh, you mean this? Pretty good for my first time, right?
Miku (Ln): Your first time? But it sounded like you've been practicing every day...!
Miku (Ln): I'm supposed to be the girls' senpai...
Miku (VBS): Hm? Oh, wait a second. You know I was playing air guitar just now, right?
Miku (Ln): Huh? Air guitar...?
Luka: Oh, Miku. You should've seen the look on your face. I was the one playing just now.
Miku (VBS): That's right. I was just giving this a try since I had the chance.
Miku (Ln): O-Oh, I see... What a relief...
Miku (VBS): Hehe. This version of me's so adorable.
Luka: She jumped to the wrong conclusion just now, but she's very collected when talking to the girls from our SEKAI. Like a reliable senpai.
Miku (VBS): So what I witnessed was pretty rare?
Miku (Ln): *Sob* I'd rather you forget...


24 1382:areatalk_aprilfool2022_024

[Theme Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): Aha! There you are, my timid and trepidatious Miku♪ Get ready to feel wonderhoooy!
Miku (N25): Wah...!
Miku (WxS): Hehe. Were you surprised?
Miku (N25): Yes, I was...
Miku (N25): Also... Wonderhoy?
Miku (WxS): This girl who visits me in SEKAI taught me that. You can use it to say stuff like, “Hello,” or, “Congratulations!”
Miku (WxS): So let's try saying it togetheeer! Ready...? Wonderhoy!
Miku (N25): Huh? Um...
Miku (WxS): It's easy! Just bring your arms in and spread them out!
Miku (WxS): Let's try it one more time! Ready...? Wonderhoy!
Miku (N25): W-Wonderhoy...
Miku (WxS): Yeah♪ That was perfect!
Miku (N25): Oh... Hehe. That's good to hear...
Miku (N25): (I still don't really understand, but I feel all warm and fuzzy inside...)


25 1383:areatalk_aprilfool2022_025

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Rin: Hey, a double Luka! Everything okay, you two?
MEIKO: We'll be more than willing to help if something's wrong.
Luka (VBS): Rin! MEIKO! Yes! We're in veeery desperate need of your help right now.
Rin: Alright, what's up? Oh, are you lost? Do you need directions?
Luka (VBS): Correct! Well done♪ We were just talking to our other selves from the other SEKAI and decided to break into smaller groups!
Luka (VBS): We must've made a wrong turn somewhere along the way and ended up here♪
MEIKO: But you're both smiling... That's usually the last thing people do in your situation.
Luka (WxS): *Yawn* I'm so sleepy...
Rin: Huh?! Luka, you can't fall asleep here! Here, lay down on this sofa.
Luka (WxS): Okay... Oh, Rin, can I use your lap as a pillow?
Rin: My lap? Sure, be my guest♪
Luka (WxS): Thank you. Hehe. I knew I could count on you.
Rin: R-Really?!
Rin: (Does this mean she thinks I'm reliable?! This is so amazing!)
Luka (VBS): No fair, Luka. Rin, what about me?
Rin: *Gasp* It's okay, Luka! You can count on me for anything!
Lukas: “Yay♪”
MEIKO: (Sleepy Luka's one thing, but this other Luka seems so determined about being pampered...)
MEIKO: (But I suppose it doesn't matter as long as Rin's happy with it and having fun!)


26 1384:areatalk_aprilfool2022_026

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Rin (MMJ): Oh, Len! Hello!
Len (Ln): Oh, um. Hello...
Rin (VBS): Hm? Is something wrong? Why the funny face?
Rin (MMJ): Don't say that, Rin! He's not making a funny face. He probably feels really uncomfortable right now.
Len (Ln): I'm okay, really. I need to apologize for not being more personable.
Len (Ln): But I'm not all that used to Rin greeting me by actually saying, “Hello.”
Rin (VBS): Oh, I get it. It's because she usually says, “Hey,” or, “Heya,” right?
Len (Ln): Ah, you've already met. Speaking of which, I met your version of me just earlier.
Rin (MMJ): Really?! Oh, what did you think? Wasn't he like a dreamy prince?
Len (Ln): Haha. I know what you mean. He also gave me the impression that he's really knowledgeable.
Rin (VBS): Oh, what did you think of Len from our SEKAI? You know, my partner?
Len (Ln): Your partner? Oh, him! You two are DJs, right?
Len (Ln): He went on and on about having to practice on his own because KAITO wouldn't teach him anything.
Rin (VBS): Wait, that's what he told you? He came all this way just to gripe.
Len (Ln): Oh, did you meet Miku and the others from our SEKAI? You should talk to KAITO if you get a chance!
Rin (MMJ): I wanna hear more about MEIKO and everyone else!
Rin (VBS): Me too! Me too! Oh, let's stop and sit down at that cafe so we can talk.
Len & Rin: “Okay!”


27 1385:areatalk_aprilfool2022_027

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, MEIKO, KAITO)

MEIKO (WxS): Oh? Hi there, Rin♪ Are you all alone?
Rin (N25): Yes, why...?
Rin (N25): Oh...
KAITO (WxS): Hm? Is something the matter...?
MEIKO (WxS): I know! It must've been a long time since you last saw KAITO!
KAITO (WxS): Huh? Oh, I see... Has your version of me not shown up yet?
Rin (N25): I don't know. All I can say is that I haven't met him yet...
MEIKO (WxS): Well, I'm sure he'll show up soon. He might welcome you by saying, “Long time no see, Rin! Have you been a good girl while I was gone?”
Rin (N25): I'd rather he didn't...
MEIKO (WxS): Haha! Okay, my impression of him could've been better!
KAITO (WxS): Um... I don't think that's what she was referring to...
KAITO (WxS): Pardon the banter. Our SEKAI is a very rambunctious place and this is just how we usually talk...
Rin (N25): That's fine. I don't really mind...
KAITO (WxS): I see. Thank you.
Rin (N25): Are you patting my head...?
KAITO (WxS): Oh, I'm sorry! I'm just used to doing that to the others...
Rin (N25): It's okay, but you did surprise me a little...
Rin (N25): (It's not like I care all that much... But what is our version of KAITO like?)
Rin (N25): (Okay, maybe I am a little curious...)


28 1386:areatalk_aprilfool2022_028

[Main Street]

(Character: MEIKO, KAITO)

KAITO (VBS): Hm?
KAITO & MEIKO: “...”
KAITO (VBS): Hello there, you two. Having fun?
KAITO (Ln): Huh? Oh, um...
MEIKO (N25): More or less...?
KAITO (VBS): More or less, huh? That's a bit of a shame considering you have a chance to see this big city. Why not spread your wings a little?
MEIKO (N25): I'd rather not...
KAITO (VBS): Really? Are you sure? How about you? I mean, me.
KAITO (Ln): No, I'm...
KAITO (VBS): Oh, have you had a chance to see everyone's school yet? I just went and saw it for myself. I have to say, seeing it with my own two eyes was very interesting!
KAITO (Ln): Oh, okay... But... Our SEKAI is a school, so it doesn't seem very new or unusual to me...
KAITO (VBS): Really?! Our SEKAI is a street with this nice cafe!
KAITO (VBS): MEIKO runs it and she makes really great coffee!
KAITO (VBS): Oh, I also went around to some of the cafes here! I'm glad I went too since they were all so good! Oh, also...
KAITO & MEIKO: (He just keeps talking...) (What a windbag...)


29 1387:areatalk_aprilfool2022_029

[Music Shop]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Oh, it's the idol versions of Miku and Len. Hello...
Miku (MMJ): Hi, Luka! What brings you here?
Luka: I saw this big screen showing videos of all these singers performing in shows and stopped to watch. We don't have anything like this in our SEKAI.
Len: Oh... Are you talking about shows and concerts?
Luka: No, we know about those. But we're not idols or anything, so these kinds of performances seem overly glamorous.
Luka: Also, we could conceivably practice dancing or singing whenever we're bored, but it seems like such a hassle...
Len: That may be so, but isn't that sort of a chance to make yourself heard?
Luka: Well, I won't deny that... However, I doubt it'll do much good in our SEKAI.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, that's too bad... I was sure you'd look good dressed as an idol, Luka.
Luka: Is that so? What kind of outfit did you have in mind?
Len: Oh, if you're interested, we could take a look at one of those clothing stores. Wouldn't it be better to see for yourself?
Miku (MMJ): Yeah, that sounds fun! What do you say, Luka?
Luka: Hmm... Maybe?
Luka: Hehe. I suppose it'd be rude of me to refuse after going through the trouble of inviting me.
Miku (MMJ): Yay! Let's go, Len♪
Len: Okay. Follow me, you two.


30 1388:areatalk_aprilfool2022_030

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

Len: Hey, it's idol Luka!
Rin: Oh, we wanna learn more about fan service. Can you teach us?
Luka: About fan service?
Rin: We do lots and lots of shows together, but we usually end them by just saying, “Thank you very much!”
Len: The crowd always cheers and applauds when we do! We even try waving back at them, but...
Luka: Ah, I see. You want to see if you can do anything else to interact with your audience, yes?
Rin & Len: “Yeah!”
Luka: Hehe. You can leave it to me. I'll show your some special moves that I'm sure you'll like♪
Rin: Really?! Woohoo!
Len: Thanks, Ms. Luka!
Luka: Oh, aren't you the cutest! Do I get to be your teacher now?
Rin: I think coach makes more sense. That might sound more professional, you know?
Luka: I can work with that♪ I am an idol after all.
Luka: Alright, you two, let's jump straight into our lesson♪
Rin & Len: “Okay!”


