1 1285:areatalk_ev_night_07_001

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Kanade: It looks like the songs you and I made are still getting views, Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: They are...?
Kanade: But it's not like we've been advertising or recommending them to anyone. It could be that someone's been watching them over and over again.
Kanade: Maybe they haven't been saved yet... Still, I hope our songs can bring us closer to them somehow.
Mafuyu: Yes, I hope so too...


2 1286:areatalk_ev_night_07_002

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Kanade, thank you for telling us about how you and Mafuyu first met. It was really eye-opening.
Kanade: It was?
Ena: Yeah. I mean, you've told us about your other songs before, and we've become more comfortable sharing personal stuff with each other lately...
Ena: But I still sort of try to avoid talking about my past or myself in general.
Kanade: I suppose you're right.
Ena: I can't tell you guys everything right now, but your story made me want to open up about myself more... One step at a time...
Kanade: I see. I hope we get a chance to hear from you soon.


3 1287:areatalk_ev_night_07_003

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, Kanade. I found this store that sells a variety of stuff from all over the world. Wanna go check it out together sometime?
Kanade: With me? Wouldn't you have more fun if you went with Ena?
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. I want to go with her, but I also want to go with you and Mafuyu!
Mizuki: Also, this place doesn't just have a bunch of different goods. Each one is apparently there for a special purpose.
Mizuki: That's why I want to see what you each think and gauge your individual reactions!
Kanade: I see...
Mizuki: I guarantee you're gonna have a blast, Kanade! So please, let's go check it out!
Kanade: Okay, I'll go since you're willing to say so much about this place.
Mizuki: Really?! Thank you so much! Haha. I can't wait♪


4 1288:areatalk_ev_night_07_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Kanade: It's interesting how meeting at a diner like this has become a regular occurrence.
Ena: Yeah, this is actually pretty fun. A part of me honestly believed that this would be pointless.
Mizuki: Pretty fun? You're the one who cuts loose the most every time.
Ena: What? That's totally you, Mizuki.
Mafuyu: You're both equally obnoxious...
Ena: Excuse me?
Mizuki: Haha! Ena getting mad at Mafuyu butting in like this feels completely normal too.
Kanade: It didn't always go smoothly at first...
Kanade: (But I guess we've been together just that long now...)
Mafuyu: Kanade, we need to cross.
Kanade: Okay, I'll be right there.


5 1289:areatalk_ev_night_07_005

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Kanade and Mafuyu's story was really interesting, huh? Okay, some parts did sort of make my skin crawl...
Ena: Yeah, especially how Kanade lost consciousness.
Mizuki: I know, right? But I'm really glad we got to hear all that.
Mizuki: Back then, they were both in a really bad place, but they're okay with telling us about what they went through now...
Ena: I guess so.
Ena: FYI, I'm still gonna wait as long as I need to...
Mizuki: Oh, right...
Mizuki: Thanks.


6 1290:areatalk_ev_night_07_006

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Miku (N25): Kanade, have you had enough to eat today...?
Kanade: Huh? Yes, I think so.
Luka: That's good to hear.
Luka: Also, most people tend to have three meals per day. How many would you usually say you have, Kanade?
Kanade: Um... O-One...
Miku (N25): Kanade...
Miku (N25): Please make sure to eat more, Kanade. I wouldn't want anything happening to you...
Luka: I agree. You'd make Miku cry if you were to collapse from exhaustion again.
Kanade: I... U-Uhh... I-I'll be okay, Miku. I promise to be more careful about my diet.


7 1291:areatalk_ev_night_07_007

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

Rin: Say, Mafuyu, do you have a favorite season?
Mafuyu: No.
Rin: You didn't even try...
MEIKO: It's her way of saying that your question was meaningless.
MEIKO: But how about this? Would you say that you prefer warmer or cooler climates...?
Mafuyu: I don't know. Maybe I'm just not as affected by temperature as much as other people since neither the heat nor the cold bother me.
Rin: Really? Isn't it a good thing that you can get through summers and winters without much trouble?
MEIKO: But most people like to experience the seasons changing. Wouldn't it be better if she did as well?
Mafuyu: The seasons changing...
Mafuyu: (That reminds me of the cherry blossoms we saw a while back. They were so beautiful.)


