1 2156:areatalk_ev_idol_16_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Airi, Honami just gave me some of her home-baked cookies. Let's have them as a group!
Airi: Hey, thanks. In that case, I'd love some.
Minori: Speaking of which, you're also really good at baking stuff.
Airi: Yeah, but I haven't had a chance to lately because of how busy we've been...
Minori: Right... It must take a lot of time.
Airi: That depends on what you're baking. Plus, when I'm letting some dough rise or have things in the oven, I can be working on our streams and stuff.
Airi: Though ideally, I'd be reading a cookbook or just relaxing during that time...
Minori: Yeah, I think I know what you mean...! I'd also rather focus on just doing the thing I enjoy!
Airi: Yes, exactly!
Airi: Nothing else is going on. Those are the moments when I'm at my happiest.


2 2157:areatalk_ev_idol_16_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Haruka: We're heading over to the MORE MORE HOUSE after school today to unpack more boxes, right?
Shizuku: Yes, let's get as many things as we can set up so that we can really start calling it our home base.
Shizuku: Oh, I forgot to ask. How did your parents react when you told them about the MORE MORE HOUSE, Haruka?
Haruka: Like they always do... They said, “Good for you,” and asked if there was anything they could do to help. Why do you ask?
Shizuku: I have another small question... You're an only child, right, Haruka?
Shizuku: Won't they miss their little girl? I mean, you'll be spending less time at home.
Haruka: Yes, they probably have their concerns... I might start getting home later than I do now, but I didn't think too much about it because I'll still be coming home every night.
Haruka: Thanks for being so considerate of my parents, Shizuku. I think I'll help them out with some chores around the house this weekend.
Shizuku: Oh, that's so wonderful of you! I'm sure they'll love your help.


3 2158:areatalk_ev_idol_16_003

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (MMJ): Oh, Haruka. You're decorating the streaming room at the MORE MORE HOUSE with a bunch of plushies, right♪ Do you know which penguins you're going to take?
Haruka: Yeah, I already took some over.
Rin (MMJ): Really?! Then, can I see what it looks like sometime?
Rin (MMJ): Also, out of all your penguin plushies, which is your favorite?
Haruka: Huh? My favorite? Well...
Haruka: This is more like the one that means the most to me rather than my favorite, but there's one my parents got for me to celebrate my first anniversary as a member of ASRUN.
Haruka: It even had a handmade sash on it that said, “Congratulations on a wonderful first year!” I remember my eyes overflowing with tears of joy...
Rin (MMJ): Yeah, wow...! Sounds like it means everything to you!
Haruka: However, the ones that Minori and my other friends got me also mean a lot.
Rin (MMJ): Hehe. I wanna hear about all of the penguins in your room sometime♪


4 2159:areatalk_ev_idol_16_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: We can stay over at the MORE MORE HOUSE if we need to in the future, right?
Airi: Yeah, it'd definitely make going to early-morning shoots a lot easier... Also, we could just sleep there if we stay up late working on something instead of having to head home in the middle of the night...
Shizuku: Hehe. Are you looking forward to having sleepovers at the MORE MORE HOUSE, Minori?
Minori: I mean, it's like one of those training camp locations I've seen in documentaries! It'll be so fun!
Haruka: It has a full bathroom, so we could conceivably stay there... But that means one room would sort of have to double as a sleeping area.
Minori: Oh, what if we got some mats we can lay down?! We could all sleep together in a row like during our other training camp!
Airi: You sound way too excited about that prospect...
Shizuku: I understand how Minori feels. It would be a bit of a special occasion.
Haruka: I agree. It'd also be easy for us to turn that into a pajama party stream, so we could try having a sleepover in the near future.
Airi: Yeah, it could work for one of our streams. Since you're this excited about it, Minori, how about you put this idea in writing for us?
Minori: Roger! For the sake of our sleepover!


5 2160:areatalk_ev_idol_16_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku)

Minori: Miku, remember what you said about all the scratches we saw when we went to see the MORE MORE HOUSE?
Miku (MMJ): Yes, about how they look like the ones we've left behind on our stages after dancing on them.
Minori: Yeah! I realized something after I took some time to think about what we saw!
Minori: Some people say that getting hurt while working really hard is like a badge of honor.
Minori: Which means the scratches we leave on a stage or in a studio as idols are like our version of that!
Miku (MMJ): Oh... Hehe. That's such a wonderful metaphor.
Miku (MMJ): I have a feeling that the stages in this SEKAI are also proudly cheering you girls on.
Miku (MMJ): (Like the way the others and I do.)


6 2186:areatalk_monthly2403_001

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kagamine Len)

Haruka: Thanks for joining me today, Len. You really helped turn this into a great training session.
Len (MMJ): Thanks for inviting me. I always feel like I learn so much when I train with you, Haruka.
Len (MMJ): Oh, I can do thirty curls with those dumbbells now. KAITO even praised me for being able to keep my arms up in the air during dance routines.
Haruka: Really? That's pretty incredible considering how you only just started training with them. I'll need to do my best to keep up with you...
Len (MMJ): Haha. That part of you never changes.
Len (MMJ): But in that case, wanna practice doing some dances next? We can give each other advice and find ways to improve together.
Haruka: Oh, that'd be really nice. We can start after we squeeze in a quick break.


7 2187:areatalk_monthly2403_002

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Rin (MMJ): Oh, Shizuku! Can you tell me about any boxed lunches from work that took you by surprise?
Shizuku: Boxed lunches that took me by surprise?
Rin (MMJ): Yeah! The other day, while flipping through some of the magazines Minori lent us, I found this article ranking luxury boxed lunches that celebrities often have!
Shizuku: Yes, I see... It didn't involve any boxed lunches, but I was a little staggered the first time I saw how Cheerful * Days shows are catered.
Shizuku: They prepared so many different things for us. I wasn't actually sure how much of it we were allowed to have.
Shizuku: But we'll have to keep that in mind if we ever perform at a large venue... When that opportunity comes, we'll make sure to save some for you, Rin.
Rin (MMJ): Really? Woohoo! I can't wait!


8 2188:areatalk_monthly2403_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: Oh, Ichika, over here.
Ichika: Sorry I'm late, Haruka. The school store was more crowded than I was expecting.
Haruka: That's okay. Saki just sent me a message saying, “Class ran long, so I'm heading over now.”
Haruka: Anyway, Ichika, what did you buy? Yakisoba buns?
Ichika: Yeah, I got four. My plan was to swap a couple for some of your sides.
Haruka: Hehe. As always. Still, it's been so long since the three of us last had lunch together...
Ichika: We are in different classes now, and you're really busy with work. So, there wasn't much we could do.
Ichika: But I'm really happy that we can still get together like this. We should do this again the next chance we get. I definitely know Saki's going to want to.
Haruka: Yeah, we should.


9 2190:areatalk_monthly2403_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi)

Saki: Good morning, Airi!
Airi: Oh, Saki, good morning. You must be full of energy to be running around like that.
Saki: Hehe... I was actually really hoping that I'd get to see you today!
Airi: See me?
Saki: Yes! The horoscope I saw this morning said, “You might get to meet your hero!” Which made me think of you!
Saki: And here you are right as I got to school! I was so happy that I couldn't stop myself from running!
Airi: Hehe. Thanks for counting me as your hero. So, I think you deserve a little reward...
Saki: A reward?
Airi: Alright, ready?! I hope your day becomes even more wonderful...♪
Saki: Whoa...! The Momoi pose and a wink...!
Saki: Thank you so much! I know today's gonna be super duper amazing now!
Airi: Hehe. I'm glad you enjoyed that! Let's both make today a good one.


