1 1331:areatalk_monthly2202_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

Rui: Ah, Mizuki. It's the weekend, but you're in your uniform... More supplementary classes?
Mizuki: Yup...
Mizuki: I was sure that I kept my attendance up just enough, but as it turns out, I missed a bunch of quizzes that only I haven't taken yet.
Rui: That's unfortunate... But they're just quizzes, so you should be able to do away with them fairly quickly, no?
Mizuki: Yeah, I know. But there's this anime that I was planning to binge-watch today, so I'm really not in the mood.
Mizuki: On top of that, my teacher said that I have to come back to do more next month! Does he really have to drop a bomb like that on me this far in advance?!
Rui: You poor thing... Not just you, but your teacher as well. Having to spend a weekend at school just after having a baby no less.
Mizuki: Wait, really?!
Rui: Yes, it's quite unfortunate. He should be with his wife and child, but instead has to babysit one of his students for an entire day...
Mizuki: Ah, geez... F-Fine! I'll do my best to make sure they can go home as soon as he can!


2 1332:areatalk_monthly2202_002

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

Nene: (Oh, it's Rui and KAITO. They're carefully observing their surroundings. What could they be up to?)
Nene: (Also, is that a pill bottle Rui's holding?)
Rui: Here are the goods you asked for, KAITO...
KAITO: So this is it. Thank you, Rui. I'll be sure to try them out later...
Nene: (What?!)
Nene: W-Wait, Rui! What did you hand to KAITO just now?!
Rui: Hm? You mean this soda candy? Would you like some, Nene...? 
Nene: S-Soda candy?! But I could've sworn that you had some in a pill bottle just now.
Rui: Miku and the others would be all over him if they knew that this was candy, no?
Rui: They're for when KAITO needs to recharge his brain, so I chose a container that will help keep that fact hidden.
KAITO: At the same time, I feel bad about not sharing these with Miku or anyone else.
Nene: Th-Thank goodness... Geez, you had me going there for a second...


3 1333:areatalk_monthly2202_003

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Miku (WxS): Leeen!
Len: Hey, Miku! Oh, the plushies are with you too! What's up?
Miku (WxS): Heh heh heh. Watch in disbelief as I juggle the plushies without moving my hands!
Len: What?! Without moving your hands?!
Miku (WxS): Yup! Here we go♪ One, two...☆
Plushies: Three! Four! Five!
Miku (WxS): Check it out. The plushies are jumping between my hands and head.
Len: Haha! That's great! It really looks like you're juggling them!
Plushies & Miku: Yay♪ We did it! Yay♪ High five!


4 1334:areatalk_monthly2202_004

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Kanade, are the instant noodles you usually eat actually good?
Kanade: I think so... I can eat them every day without getting tired of them.
Rin: Not because they're your favorite flavor or anything...?
Kanade: I've tried several flavors... But this is what's stuck, so it might be my favorite.
Kanade: Even if I do get tired of it, I always have miso, pork broth or a myriad of other flavors to choose from.
Rin: I see...
Kanade: I have plenty at home, so why don't I bring a few over some time?
Rin: Oh, okay. In that case, I might give it a try.


5 1335:areatalk_monthly2202_005

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Megurine Luka)

Ena: Huh? I never see you two together like this. What are you doing?
Mafuyu: I'm reading a book.
Luka: I'm taking a peek at what she's reading.
Ena: That's why you two are glued together like that... How can you read with Luka literally looking over your shoulder...?
Mafuyu: I don't mind. Are you done with this page, Luka...?
Luka: Yes, you can turn to the next one.
Ena: (If you don't mind then why bother asking if she was done or not? At the same time, I guess I'm in no position to judge...)
Ena: By the way, what are you reading?
Mafuyu: An English textbook.
Luka: It had the original text for a famous fairytale. Would you like to join us, Ena?
Ena: N-No, I think I'll pass...


6 1336:areatalk_monthly2202_006

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Phew... Why don't we take a quick break?
Shizuku: Okay. Would you like something to drink, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Thank you, Shizuku. Wait, huh? Just ordinary tea...?
Shizuku: Yes, jasmine tea. My mother said she received some good batch of tea leaves, so I tried brewing some of it.
Shizuku: It's very good and has a nice, relaxing aroma to it.
MEIKO: You're right. It's so soothing!
MEIKO: (She surprised me with miso soup the other day, but it's like I'm more surprised when she brings something more ordinary at this point.)


7 1337:areatalk_monthly2202_007

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, KAITO)

Minori: KAITO, can you tell me more about what you do as a manager?
KAITO: Yes, of course. But why now all of a sudden?
Minori: Well, we don't actually have a manager and have to do a lot of stuff by ourselves...
Minori: I still don't really know much about the world of showbiz, so I'm not sure what we're supposed to do in place of a manager.
KAITO: I see. And you wish to understand the basics of what a manager does.
KAITO: Okay, I'll try to teach you what I can.
Minori: Thank you so much, KAITO! I'm ready whenever for your lecture!


8 1338:areatalk_ev_shuffle_17_001

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma)

Akito: Tsukasa, I heard that you did pretty well on that test the other day.
Tsukasa: Yes, I've been doing much better since making some changes to how I study!
Akito: (Wait, I thought he was awful at school. How in the world was he able to get that score...?)
Akito: By the way, how exactly did you study for it...?
Tsukasa: Oh, you wish to know? I suppose there's no point in hiding it!
Tsukasa: My trick is to... Study everything that can appear on a test or exam!!
Akito: Huh...?
Tsukasa: Until now, I tried to guess which questions would most likely be asked due to having to practice and such.
Tsukasa: But guessing incorrectly leads to critical damage! That's why I decided to cram everything that can appear on a test into my head the night before!
Akito: (His trick is to cram?!)
Akito: (Ugh... There's no way that's any better than trying to guess what's going to be asked!)


9 1339:areatalk_ev_shuffle_17_002

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, Tsukasa. Can you tell me more about your little sister? What's she like?
Tsukasa: You mean Saki? She's a very kind and bright person who always looks out for those around her.
Tsukasa: She's also very hard-working and practices every day with her band. Her humbleness is really a marvelous thing to behold.
Tsukasa: She's even in a club and works part-time! As her big brother, I always worry that she's going to go overboard... But this one time...
Mizuki: (Haha... He's in his big-brother zone now, but I might get some interesting stories out of this if I keep listening!)
Mizuki: Hey, why don't we grab something to drink and keep talking in the cafeteria or courtyard♪
Tsukasa: Sure! What would you like to drink? Anything you like! It's on me!
Mizuki: Really?! You're the best, Tsukasa♪


10 1340:areatalk_ev_shuffle_17_003

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, Li'l Bro! Which do you think looks better? This cardigan or blouse?
Akito: More importantly, Akiyama, we literally just bumped into each other on the street. Why am I getting dragged into your shopping spree...?
Mizuki: Aww, don't be like that! I really need your fashion knowledge right now.
Mizuki: I've been having so much trouble picking out what to get this season! So please, you gotta help me out!
Akito: (Ugh... Akiyama's just like Ena when it comes to this stuff...)
Akito: (I guess “like attracts like”... But to be fair, Ena's way worse...)
Akito: A blouse is gonna look different based on what you wear it with, so you gotta look for something that matches...
Mizuki: Yeah, there we go! So I was wondering if it'd go well with...


11 1341:areatalk_ev_shuffle_17_004

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma, Mizuki Akiyama)

Tsukasa: Well, if it isn't Akito! Off to get lunch at the cafeteria?
Akito: Hello, Tsukasa... Akiyama? Pretty rare seeing you two together.
Mizuki: I bumped into him on my way back to class. We were just talking about the return gifts we made at the Chocolate Factory♪
Mizuki: But speaking of rare, where's Toya?
Akito: He's got library duty. Anyway, I'll be going now...
Tsukasa: That means you're all alone! Why don't we have lunch together?
Akito: I'll be fine on my own, really...
Mizuki: That's Li'l Bro's way of saying, “Thank you for being so nice as to invite lonesome old me to have lunch with you.”
Akito: Huh? What are you talking about, Akiyama...?
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! Yes, I knew it!
Tsukasa: I am your wonderfully nice and thoughtful senior! And you are more than welcome to join me! Let us go!
Mizuki: Okay♪ C'mon, Li'l bro! Let's go! You can tell us all about how White Day went for you!
Akito: Wait! Quit pulling! I said I'll be fine on my own!


12 1342:areatalk_ev_shuffle_17_005

[Main Street]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, Haruka! Are you out shopping today?
Haruka: Yes, I'm here to look for some new training shoes. I really liked how my old ones were designed, so I'm hoping to find something similar.
Mizuki: Oh, those are so cute! The blue lines and laces suit you so well too!
Haruka: Thank you. Then, I think I'll go with these. Let's see... Eight pairs should do it.
Mizuki: What?! Y-You really need that many?
Haruka: Yes. I'll use some for running and others for dancing, but I usually wear them out within a month.
Haruka: Which is why I usually try to buy up many as I can if I really like how they're designed.
Mizuki: I see... I guess knowing that your favorite shoes are on your feet would be a good source of motivation!
Mizuki: (Still, I can't believe that each pair won't last even a month...)
Mizuki: (That's a former A-list idol for you...! Her training regimen must be absolutely grueling.)


13 1343:areatalk_ev_shuffle_17_006

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: Hm? Hinomori...? Hello.
Shiho: Oh, Kiritani... Hang on... What's with the penguin plushie?
Haruka: Oh, this? I saw this at a store I was just at and sort of couldn't resist...
Haruka: It was almost like I could hear it whispering, “Take me home.” So, I decided to buy it.
Shiho: Oh, I know what you mean... That happens to me whenever a Phenny plushie catches my eye...
Haruka: You too, Hinomori?! For me, the little ones that are handmade speak to me the loudest since no two are alike.
Shiho: Yeah, I never know what to do when I see them either. Sometimes I just want to buy and take them all home.
Shiho: But that's sort of why I like choosing one and taking really good care of it.
Haruka: Me too.
Haruka: (Hehe. I didn't realize we had so much in common. Could it be that Hinomori has some plushies that mean just that much to her...?)


14 1344:areatalk_ev_shuffle_17_007

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Kagamine Len)

Len: Oh, Tsukasa! Wanna try doing an improv skit right now?
Tsukasa: Sure, but why improv?
Len: Remember how you ad-libbed your way through what happened during your show the other day?
Len: The way you did that was so cool! I wanna learn how to do what you did back there too!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! Is that so? In that case, an improv skit is definitely the best way to practice that!
Tsukasa: I'll help you as much as you like! I know! Why don't we find some people to act as our audience?!
Len: Yeah! Miku and KAITO should be by the stage right about now, so let's go ask them!


