1 1530:areatalk_ev_idol_10_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Look, Haruka! They're having a flower festival!
Haruka: Yeah, they have so many different kinds of flowers all lined up. I had no idea that they were holding this sort of event.
Haruka: Oh, that blue flower... I remember receiving a big standing bouquet of them once.
Minori: Wow, they're so cute! And such a pretty blue. Like a clear sky!
Haruka: Yeah. They're supposed to symbolize something really nice too... But I forget what...
Minori: Wanna ask Ichika? She might be able to tell us if we send her a picture of them.
Haruka: Oh, that's right. Hoshino knows a lot about flowers. Hehe. I might just ask her later.


2 1531:areatalk_ev_idol_10_002

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Airi: One! Two! Turn there! And... Stick it!
Minori: Stick it...!
Airi: You did it, Minori! Your turn there looked really sharp too! You maintained perfect balance!
Minori: Yay! It only took twenty-three attempts, but I did it!
Airi: Hm? Twenty-three attempts...? You were keeping count?
Minori: Yup! I was trying to see if I could master this in as few attempts as possible!
Airi: Hey, I like that. That's a good way to motivate yourself. Since you, especially, are the learn-by-doing type.
Airi: Alright, let's try doing it together next. I wanna see that you mastering this in twenty-three attempts wasn't a fluke.
Minori: Okay! I can dance it perfectly now, so I should be able to keep up with you just fine, Airi!


3 1532:areatalk_ev_idol_10_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, Minori. About your dog, Samo. When you take him for walks, does he usually know where he's going?
Minori: Samo? Yeah, I think so... Why do you ask?
Shizuku: Because of how I have a tendency to get lost. I was wondering if it'd be better to have a dog learn the area instead of me.
Shizuku: Hehe. That way, we'd gain an adorable, new family member, and it'd keep me from getting lost. Each day would become even more wonderful.
Minori: Yeah, dogs really are great! It's like they're able to heal people just by being near them!
Minori: Oh, but... Even the smartest ones need time to learn about their surroundings. So, someone would have to teach your dog where to go and what to do.
Shizuku: Oh, that's unfortunate... Then, I should probably put in the effort to learn where I'm going instead of relying on a dog.
Minori: Yeah, but it probably won't be easy if you're gonna try doing that all on your own. So I can help out if you ever need me!
Shizuku: You will? Thank you, Minori.


4 1533:areatalk_ev_idol_10_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: *Sigh* I'm so jealous of you, Airi.
Airi: Of me? Why?
Haruka: You have a big sister, right? We were just discussing how nice it must be to have siblings, and it turns out that Minori's always wanted a big sister.
Minori: Yeah, because having a big sister means going shopping together and having someone help pick out clothes for you...! And someone to help me with my homework!
Airi: Hmm... Mine doesn't exactly fit into that mold. What about you, Shizuku? You seem like the type who enjoys doing big sister stuff.
Shizuku: Well, I've helped Shii with her homework a few times, but I've hardly ever helped pick out clothes for her...
Haruka: To be fair, you and her have very different tastes in terms of clothes.
Minori: Y-Yeah... Hmm... Am I seeing big sisters through rose-colored lenses?
Haruka: I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing. I've always wanted a big sister too.
Shizuku: Oh, then... Why don't Airi and I try filling those roles for you two?!
Minori: Whoa! That'd be great, Sis!
Airi: That was fast... You're already calling her “Sis” too.
Haruka: Hehe. This sounds like fun. How about it, Sis?
Airi: H-Huh...?! This feels so weird!
Shizuku: Really? Having so many little sisters would make each day so much fun! Hehe♪


5 1534:areatalk_ev_idol_10_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, MEIKO, KAITO)

MEIKO: Right there and... Pose!
KAITO: Um... Like this?
Minori: Whoa! KAITO's striking a bunch of cute poses! Are you guys practicing for a show?
MEIKO: It's actually more like a lighting test for our show than practice.
KAITO: MEIKO said that she wanted to see what it's like for herself, so I'm posing in her place.
Minori: Oh, yeah! Airi and the others mentioned that it's important to see how you're actually going to be presented!
KAITO: Right, and I thought I was agreeing to just that...
KAITO: But I'm not really sure if I can strike poses the way you do, MEIKO...
Minori: Haha. That explains why your poses looked so cute just now!
MEIKO: But I have a good idea of how I'll look on stage since you did such an excellent job of recreating my poses, KAITO. Thank you♪
KAITO: I did? Well, I guess this was worth the effort.


