1 2017:areatalk_ev_idol_15_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Haruka: Shizuku, what are you doing here?
Shizuku: Oh, Haruka...! There's supposed to be a store around here somewhere, but I seem to have gotten lost...
Haruka: I see. By the way, what kind of store is it?
Shizuku: Umm... It was advertised in this magazine...
Haruka: A PenPyon pop-up store?
Shizuku: Yes, Shii really loves these sorts of cute plushies, so I thought she'd like it if I got one for her.
Haruka: Oh, you're going for her...
Haruka: Then, mind if I joined you? I was also just on my way to that store.
Shizuku: Oh, you were?!
Shizuku: Thank goodness. That means I can ask you for advice when deciding her present...!
Shizuku: Anyway, let's go! I think it's...this way?
Haruka: Shizuku, wait...! You're going in the opposite direction.


2 2018:areatalk_ev_idol_15_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Hmmm...
Airi: Whoa, you two, hold up. What's with the serious expressions?
Shizuku: Oh, Airi! Minori and I were just trying to come up with some stamps we could use for our scheduling app.
Minori: They just added this feature where you can make your own! Come join us, Airi!
Airi: Hey, that sounds like fun. Don't mind if I do.
Minori: You select your brush here, and you can add shapes here. We were actually just trying to turn Samo into a stamp!
Shizuku: But it's so difficult to capture his fluffiness...
Airi: I see. Then... I'll place a circle here and use the brush to... Wait, no! Is it just me or is it really hard to draw lines using just your finger...?!
Minori: I know, right?! That was also giving us a lot of trouble just now...!
Shizuku: Which is why we still haven't finished drawing him...
Airi: Grr...! But we can't give up here. We're gonna finish making our Samo stamp no matter what!
Minori & Shizuku: Yeah! Yes!


3 2019:areatalk_ev_idol_15_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: It's been so long since we last got to have a nice, relaxing lunch together like this.
Haruka: We were basically spending all of our free time checking over our schedule and replying to emails.
Airi: Yeah, but that weight's been lifted off our shoulders.
Shizuku: Hehe. And it's all thanks to Saito for agreeing to become our manager.
Haruka: Now that we can focus all our attention on being idols, we'll need to raise the quality of our performances.
Shizuku: I agree. I'd like to work harder than ever on practicing singing and dancing moving forward.
Minori: Alright, we're gonna keep getting better and better and better as the new and improved MORE MORE JUMP!


4 2020:areatalk_ev_idol_15_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Rin (MMJ): Hmm...
Len (MMJ): Is something bothering you, Rin?
Rin (MMJ): Oh, Len! You know how we all went to that inn? I was thinking how I wish we could go to more of those kinds of places together...
Rin (MMJ): I'm making a list of things I wanna do when we do that!
Len (MMJ): Oh, you are? What's on your list?
Rin (MMJ): So... First, we're gonna play President. Then, Karuta again like we did that time.
Rin (MMJ): And we gotta have a pillow fight! After that...
Len (MMJ): (We won't have any time left to sleep if we do all those things...)


5 2021:areatalk_ev_idol_15_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Len (MMJ): Shizuku, thanks again for bringing back those souvenirs. Those hot spring manju were so good!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm glad you all got to enjoy a taste of where we went.
MEIKO (MMJ): Come to think of it, we completely forgot to ask you about something very important! The hot spring!
MEIKO (MMJ): How was it? Am I right in assuming that it was incredibly refreshing?
Shizuku: It was! Not only did it help us recover after the shoot, it did wonders for our skin...
Shizuku: We couldn't help but poke each other's cheeks as a little test after we got out.
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, that sounds like fun! If only there were someone with soft, squishy cheeks that I could poke...
Len (MMJ): Huh...? M-Me...? Wait, uhh...
Len (MMJ): Oh, wouldn't Luka be better? Rin even said the other day that she has the softest cheeks out of all of us.
MEIKO (MMJ): Ah, good point... In that case, I'll go find Luka and poke her cheeks for a bit♪
Shizuku: Hehe. I think I'll join you.


6 2122:areatalk_monthly2312_002

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

KAITO (MMJ): We don't have practice or any shows going on today, so SEKAI's been very quiet. So quiet that it's making me anxious.
Len (MMJ): Not being able to decide how to spend my day off isn't helping either.
Luka (MMJ): In that case, why not sing a song?
MEIKO (MMJ): I agree. Instead of singing for an audience, you could sing for yourself. The sense of enjoyment you get is different from when you sing during a show.
Len (MMJ): Sing for yourself? That does sound good. I was under the impression that I was supposed to do something else since I basically sing every day.
KAITO (MMJ): I see. If it's okay for us to do that, then I might take this opportunity to work on that schedule. I thought that would feel too much like work.
Luka & MEIKO: No, not that. No, don't.
KAITO (MMJ): Haha... I had a feeling. But it would take a load off my mind...
Len (MMJ): Then, why not just sing to relax instead?
KAITO (MMJ): Oh... Hehe. Fair point.


7 2150:areatalk_monthly2308_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Hatsune Miku)

Airi: O-Owww!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to push your back so hard.
Airi: No, Miku, you didn't do anything wrong!
Airi: We've been so busy lately that I haven't had much time to stretch properly. As a result, I've lost some of my flexibility.
Airi: So, Miku! Don't worry about me! Keep pushing as hard as you can!
Miku (MMJ): O-Okay...!
Miku (MMJ): (I'm not sure how I feel about it... But for her sake, I need to show no restraint!)
Miku (MMJ): Here we go...!
Airi: W-Wait! Owwwwww! Miku, that's way too hard!


