1 1221:areatalk_ev_idol_06_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Hehe. I never would've imagined us taking pictures together for a stream like this, Haruka.
Haruka: Hehe. Your Edit Yourself Cute Selfie Battle! got so heated in the end.
Haruka: But we really couldn't do anything against Airi and Shizuku.
Minori: Yeah. I looked up and learned a lot of stuff for it too. I was so sure that we'd win.
Minori: But Airi just knows way too many cute poses and editing techniques.
Haruka: I know, right? Actually, it might be good to ask her about that since we'll need to start taking more photos to get our name out there.
Minori: Yeah! Oh, why don't we ask her after school today?


2 1222:areatalk_ev_idol_06_002

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Airi: One, two, three, four...! Minori, Stretch your arms out more!
Minori: Right...! One, two, three, four!
Airi: (She has so much more stamina now... And she's really learned to exaggerate each move during our dance sequences.)
Airi: (But there's still room for improvement. If we really are going to do a real show, she needs to put on as much stamina as possible.)
Minori: One, two... And turn!
Minori: *Huff*... *Huff*... I... I did it! Airi, I did it without missing a step!
Airi: Yeah, that was awesome! Next, we'll do it together, so get ready!
Minori: Wh-What?! B-But I just finished that entire sequence!
Airi: We'd already be moving to the next song if this were an actual show! Do you really want your fans to see you like this?!
Minori: No, you're right! I'll do my best...!
Airi: That's the spirit! Alright, let's do this!


3 1223:areatalk_ev_idol_06_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, Minori, you have a pretty big dog, don't you? Does he like to eat quite a lot?
Minori: Yeah! Sometimes he overeats because his hunger's so insatiable.
Minori: My family and I try to be careful about giving him treats too, but we sort of can't help it...
Shizuku: Hehe. I know what you mean. He's a valued member of your family, so I can see why you'd want to spoil him or pander to him.
Shizuku: This one time, when Shii and I were little when we were having some snacks together, she seemed to really like what we were having so I offered her some of mine...
Shizuku: And she got mad at me by saying, That's yours, Shizuku. You have to eat it.
Minori: Maybe she didn't want her to have so much and you so little? I mean, I can definitely see Shiho thinking that based on her personality.
Minori: But that also means I should learn by example and be more diligent about not giving out treats!


4 1224:areatalk_ev_idol_06_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Minori, thank you for coming up with so many ideas for our stream again.
Haruka: A lot involved activities that our fans will really love too, so we should be set for a while.
Minori: You think so?! Hehe. I'm glad my marathon brainstorming session paid off! I somehow managed to get up to 100!
Airi: Wait, you came up with these all on your own?
Minori: Yeah! All these ideas have been popping into my head nonstop since putting on an event in real life!
Minori: It's also a good exercise for me in terms of coming up with new segments, so I decided to set a goal and go for it!
Airi: Hey, that's great! But we're not about to let you leave us behind.
Shizuku: Yes, I think I'll come up with 100 more ideas!
Haruka: Hehe. If the three of us do that, we'll be up to 400 in total.
Minori: 4-400?! That'd be amazing! It's like a year's worth of streams!
Airi: To be fair, we won't be able to use all of those ideas. Still, that many could lead us to striking gold!
Minori: Yeah! I'll try finding ways to improve the ones I came up with by thinking about them a little more!


5 1225:areatalk_ev_idol_06_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: KAITO)

KAITO: Let's see. Today, we have Miku doing the first show followed by Luka on the neighboring stage.
KAITO: Oh, that reminds me. MEIKO said that she wanted to make a surprise appearance during Rin and Len's show...
KAITO: I'm sure they'll want to pick out some songs together for that, so I'll need to let them both know well in advance. Actually, I'll go do that right now!


6 1226:areatalk_ev_idol_06_006

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, KAITO)

KAITO: Haruka, Minori, great job with practice. Here are some towels and sports drinks. Please make sure to stay hydrated.
Haruka: You brought these for us? Thank you, KAITO.
Minori: Thank you so much! This is so cool... It's like we have a real manager now!
KAITO: Hehe. I'm no imposter. You can think of me as your actual manager. After all, I'm both that and an idol.
KAITO: Oh, Minori, about when you were trying to turn just now... You seemed to be having a little trouble spinning on your left foot.
Haruka: You sometimes have a tendency to overdo it, so could it be that...?
Minori: Yeah, maybe. I have a feeling that it's happening for every part where I have to use my left foot to turn. I'm so worried about falling behind in the sequence...
Haruka: I see. It must be more challenging because you're not using your dominant foot.
KAITO: Yes, but there's also no need to push yourself too hard. Doing that can lead to an injury, so please try to be careful.
Minori: I will! Thank you, KAITO.
Haruka: Hehe. It's like you're also a coach on top of being a manager.
KAITO: Oh, really? Hehe. As long as I keep getting these opportunities, I'll be more than happy to help.


7 1227:areatalk_ev_idol_06_007

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

Rin: Hey, KAITO! There's something I want to ask you. Do you mind?
KAITO: Sure, what is it?
Miku (MMJ): I've been thinking about the performance Rin and I are going to do at our joint show, but I'm still not really sure how to get the audience excited in the beginning...
KAITO: Yes, it's important for a show to get off on the right foot... Hmm...
KAITO: Come to think of it, you two do shows together pretty often, huh?
Rin: Yup! This is actually our 100th show together!
KAITO: Your 100th? That's astounding!
KAITO: In that case, why don't you start by showing a video that includes all of your past performances?
KAITO: It'll give your fans a chance to look back on what's happened and look forward to what's coming up, no?
Rin: Whoa, that's an amazing idea! Right, Miku?
Miku (MMJ): Yes, it is♪ Also, I can't believe how fast you were able to come up with that idea.
KAITO: Hehe. I just thought about what I would want to see or feel as a fan.
KAITO: I am acting as a sort of manager for all of you, but at the same time, I'm also a huge fan of you guys!


8 1228:areatalk_ev_idol_06_008

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Len: Hmm... What if I move this practice back...? No, if I do that, it'll conflict with this... Man, this thing's like one big puzzle.
KAITO: Is something wrong, Len? You have such a serious look on your face.
Len: Hey, KAITO! Luka and Miku invited me on as a surprise guest for their show...
Len: But I'm having trouble working it into my own show schedule... Here, take a look at this...
KAITO: Yes, I see... Your rehearsals just happen to conflict with each other.
KAITO: Hold on. Didn't you do a show on this stage the other day...? I'm pretty sure that I still have your settings for that written down somewhere, so you might be able to shorten your own rehearsal...
Len: Really?! That'd be huge!
KAITO: But I'll need to work out the finer details with you. Do you have to discuss that now?
Len: Of course! Thank you so much, KAITO!


