1 1746:areatalk_ev_idol_14_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: So, what are classes like for the credit-based course?
Haruka: Hmm... Well...
Haruka: For regular classes, you might see one or two people absent on any given day... But a credit-based class can feel pretty empty sometimes since half the students may be gone.
Shizuku: That's right. And since almost everyone there works in show business, most conversations between classmates revolve around that.
Shizuku: It might take you some time to get used to things, so I recommend thinking about how you plan to deal with all of that now.
Minori: Right...!
Minori: Then, can you two tell me how you spend each day from when you head to school until you leave? And what kinds of things people talk about?
Shizuku: Yes, of course. I hope our experiences can help.


2 1747:areatalk_ev_idol_14_002

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Airi, you said there's something important you wanted to tell me?
Airi: We had to have this conversation eventually, and this seems like the right time to do so...
Airi: I'm talking about disguising yourself!
Minori: What? But you've shown me a few tricks already...
Airi: Not so fast... Those tactics were all at the basic or intermediate level.
Airi: Today, I'm gonna teach you some more advanced stuff!
Airi: I'll teach you methods to deal with various situations you might face, like how to alter your disguise after someone recognizes you!
Minori: Whoa! Th-That sounds really cool!
Airi: These techniques are based on experiences that I and those around me went through! They're very practical, so be sure to remember them!
Minori: Of course! Please continue!


3 1748:areatalk_ev_idol_14_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: I know we don't have practice or work after school today, but we should still try to use that time productively.
Shizuku: Yes, I plan on going to archery practice for a change.
Haruka: Minori and I will be having a study session.
Shizuku: Oh, do you have a quiz coming up?
Minori: No, I just wanna get used to studying on my own while I can!
Minori: You have to do a lot of independent learning in the credit-based course, right? That's why I'm trying to get a little head start.
Airi: Wow, I like your thinking. I was planning on coming up with some ideas for our stream today, but maybe I'll try fitting in a little studying beforehand.
Shizuku: Oh, in that case, I'd like to join you.
Airi: Then... Shizuku, I'll stay at school and work on stream ideas while you're at archery club. Then, we can study together in our classroom afterwards. How does that sound?
Shizuku: Thank you, Airi! I really appreciate it.
Haruka: Hehe. Sounds like we're all going to have a productive afternoon.


4 1749:areatalk_ev_idol_14_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kagamine Len)

Minori: One, two, three, four! And...stop!
Len: You really seem to have this dance routine down pat! And you totally nailed that last pose!
Minori: Hehe. Thanks! That makes me really happy since I worked so hard practicing it.
Len: (Minori's been putting even more effort into practicing ever since she decided to go credit-based.)
Len: (Then...)
Len: Wanna practice dancing together, Minori? I'll join you!
Minori: You mean it?! Yes, let's!


5 1750:areatalk_ev_idol_14_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Luka: Hmm...
MEIKO: Luka? Why are you pinching your cheeks like that...?
Luka: Lately, I've been working on making them very soft and squishy... Look, they're so stretchy now.
MEIKO: That doesn't sound like a particularly bad thing... Is there something on your mind?
Luka: Well, the truth is...
Luka: Hehe. Not at all. If anything, I couldn't be better♪
MEIKO: Don't mess with me, Luka...
MEIKO: I asked because you seemed concerned about something. But if that's how it's going to be, then bye.
Luka: What? No, MEIKO, please forgive me. You can pinch my cheeks all you like.
MEIKO: Oh...? In that case, you're in for a world of pinching.


6 1776:areatalk_monthly2307_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa)

Haruka: It's been so long since the last time we all got to hang out together like this.
Kohane: I know. I hope An and Minori finish up what they're doing soon.
Haruka: Speaking of, would you like to hear another story about An since we have a little time on our hands...?
Kohane: Oh, are you sure? On the other hand, I've already heard a bunch of stories from her...
Kohane: I learned all about her hero, and the contests you two used to have in elementary school. Those sounded really fun.
Haruka: Oh, she told you about us in elementary school?
Kohane: Yeah. She apparently wanted to tell me those stories before you did to make it less embarrassing for her.
Haruka: Really? Yeah, that definitely sounds like her.
Haruka: Then, let's see if she was telling the truth regarding who won and such. Which contest did you hear about first, Kohane?
Kohane: Hehe. First, I heard...


