1 1995:areatalk_ev_shuffle_38_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: We're second-years, are in a new classroom and have new classmates. It really feels like a fresh start.
Ichika: Yeah. We even have new textbooks...
Ichika: Also, is it just me, or do they feel a little thicker than our old ones...?
Minori: Oh... I actually thought the same thing...
Kohane: Really? I didn't notice at all...
Minori: They're definitely thicker! I'm gonna compare them to my first-year textbooks when I get home!
Kohane: Umm...
Kohane: (Should I say something...? Finding out there are more pages than before might just make her feel worse...)


2 1996:areatalk_ev_shuffle_38_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Tsukasa Tenma)

Ichika: Huh...?! Tsukasa, what are you doing at Miya Girls...?!
Tsukasa: Ah, about that... Saki took some of my Kamiyama High textbooks by accident...
Ichika: Kamiyama High textbooks?
Tsukasa: Yes. She told me yesterday that she wanted to compare her new textbooks to the ones I used last year, so I lent them to her.
Tsukasa: But the ones she returned to my room earlier this morning were her Miya Girls textbooks...
Ichika: Saki...
Ichika: If you'd like, I can deliver them to her for you.
Tsukasa: Yes, that would help quite a lot. I'd rather not give everyone the wrong impression.
Ichika: I understand... I'll let Saki know to be more careful next time.


3 1997:areatalk_ev_shuffle_38_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Kanade Yoisaki)

Ichika: Oh, Kanade, hello!
Kanade: Hello. Are you headed to band practice?
Ichika: No, I have a shift today. I work at that fast food place just over there.
Kanade: Wow... I wouldn't be able to since I don't exactly have the best customer service skills.
Ichika: It can take some getting used to. I wasn't really sure what to do when I first started either, so I basically just did as the more experienced employees told me.
Ichika: Also, I had a lot of trouble smiling... Everyone kept telling me that I needed to relax more.
Kanade: I see. But now...
Ichika: I can smile more naturally compared to when I first started...
Kanade: (I'm guessing all her customers get to see this wonderful smile.)


4 1998:areatalk_ev_shuffle_38_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: Well, if it isn't our number one fan! Going somewhere today?
Kohane: Yes, I'm having practice with An and the others. Um... How about you, Tsukasa...?
Tsukasa: I am off to see an opera!
Kohane: Wow, that sounds like fun...! I've never seen one in person before, but really want to someday.
Kohane: At the same time, don't operas require different skills in terms of singing compared to musicals and other shows?
Tsukasa: That's right. For operas, they say that you're supposed to use your entire body as a speaker since you're not allowed a microphone.
Tsukasa: Meanwhile, any given show may involve singing, dancing and acting. Not only that, microphones are standard.
Tsukasa: But the end goal is the same for all of the above. We're doing our best to express something through our performances.
Tsukasa: I believe the same goes for your events, Azusawa.
Kohane: Oh... Yes, that's right!
Tsukasa: Wonderful! And since you're showing such a clear interest in them, I suggest you go see an opera when the next opportunity arises!
Kohane: I agree. I'll try going when I can.


5 1999:areatalk_ev_shuffle_38_005

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: Huh...? Hanasato? Why are you trying to hide in the shadows?
Minori: N-No, I am not Hanasato!
Minori: Oh, Kanade, it's you! Thank goodness. I was afraid that one of my fans had found me.
Kanade: Huh? Oh, are your fans chasing after you right now or something...?
Minori: Well, I'm not really being chased after... More like, what if they're around...? Actually, I'm sort of looking for them at this point...
Kanade: Oh... Hehe. This is very like you, Hanasato.
Minori: *Sob* An idol shouldn't be acting like this! P-Please don't tell anyone else about this!
Kanade: *Nod* I promise not to tell anyone.


6 2022:areatalk_monthly2310_001

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku)

Tsukasa: Ready, Miku! Rock, paper...
Miku (WxS): Scissors!!
Miku (WxS): Nooo! I lost again!
Tsukasa: You don't have time to be feeling bad for yourself. You don't want to lose at this the next time you have to compete with someone for a role you want, do you?
Miku (WxS): No! I don't wanna lose five times in a row!!
Tsukasa: Which means your streak is at four right now... I can't say if your luck is bad or what...
Tsukasa: But in any case, you need to keep training with me until your confidence is high enough! Now, let's continue!
Miku (WxS): Yeah! Thanks for that, Tsukasa! I promise to keep doing my best!


7 2023:areatalk_monthly2310_002

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Megurine Luka)

Luka (WxS): Oh, Rui. Do you happen to know of any good ways to become a lighter sleeper?
Rui: A lighter sleeper? Are you hoping to be able to wake up more easily?
Luka (WxS): No, my goal is to actually dream more.
Luka (WxS): But you don't get to dream when you're in a deep slumber. It only happens when you've just drifted off... What it's called again? LAMB sleep?
Rui: Hehe. Maybe if you've been counting sheep. I believe you're referring to REM sleep.
Luka (WxS): Yes, that's it. I want to spend more time in that state in order to see more dreams.
Rui: I see. I've read quite a few papers on lucid dreams, in which you can control what you see and do... But exploring ways to spend extended amounts of time in the REM phase does sound intriguing.
Rui: Would you mind giving me a little time to do some research and see if there are any good ways to do it, Luka?
Luka (WxS): You'd do that? Hehe. I'll be looking forward to your findings.


8 2024:areatalk_monthly2310_003

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

Rui: KAITO...? Is something on your mind? You seem concerned.
KAITO (WxS): The thing is, Miku's apparently lost four times in a row when we've played rock paper scissors to decide roles for our shows.
KAITO (WxS): Ultimately, she's been having fun with the roles she ends up with, but the others are starting to worry about her not getting the roles she really wants.
KAITO (WxS): For our next show, I'm thinking about having Miku choose first before assigning roles to the others.
Rui: I see. That sounds like a good solution. However...
Rui: As it so happens, I just saw Miku training with Tsukasa to get better at playing rock paper scissors.
KAITO (WxS): Wait, training?
Rui: Yes. She sounded very motivated, so it may be best to first let her come up with a solution on her own.
KAITO (WxS): Yes, I see. Thank you for letting me know, Rui. I'll keep that in mind the next time we decide roles.
Rui: You're welcome. She seems to be doing the best she can, so I hope everything will work out fine.


9 2025:areatalk_monthly2310_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, KAITO)

Emu: Aha! There you are, KAITO♪
Emu: You gotta hear this! One of my brothers just gave me a kinda old popcorn machine that they said they're not going to use anymore♪
KAITO (WxS): Oh, from your tone, I take it that it still works?
Emu: Yup♪ I wanna make some popcorn, but I was told that the machine's too dangerous for a child to operate all by themself...
Emu: That's why I want you to help me, KAITO☆
KAITO (WxS): I'd be more than happy to help. While we're at it, why don't we go ask Rin and the others if they're interested?
Emu: Hehe. I actually just saw them a second ago and told them all about it♪
KAITO (WxS): Wonderful! Thank you for going out of your way to invite everyone.
Emu: You're super welcome☆ Anyway, let's go go go find them!


10 2026:areatalk_monthly2310_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, MEIKO)

MEIKO (WxS): Pop!!! P-P-P-Pop!!!
Nene: Eep...!! O-Oh, MEIKO, that was you... You had me startled...
MEIKO (WxS): Oh, sorry about that. I couldn't help it since that popcorn machine was just so much fun.
MEIKO (WxS): I mean, how incredible is it that it can turn those rock-hard kernels into fluffy, delicious popcorn?!
Nene: Yeah, the person who invented—or I guess discovered—that deserves a lot of credit.
MEIKO (WxS): Hehe. There are so many other foods like that where it's impressive that someone figured out how to cook them.
Nene: Oh, so... Like blowfish?
MEIKO (WxS): Exactly! I really admire the proactiveness and courage of those pioneers! I want to follow in their footsteps♪
Nene: Huh...? I get what you're saying about proactiveness and courage... But I don't think you need to follow their lead...


