1 1597:areatalk_ev_wonder_11_001

[Theme Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: On my way over here today, I found this really fun-looking parfait shop♪
Nene: Fun-looking? Not yummy-looking?
Emu: Yeah! They had parfaits on the menu called “Sweet & Sour Youth” and “Starry★Galaxy”☆
Rui: Hehe. I think I have an idea of what “Sweet & Sour Youth” would be like, but not “Starry★Galaxy”.
Emu: Maybe it's really sparkly and comes with a rocket that flies straight out of the cream!
Nene: I'd rather not have a rocket fly out at me, but that does sound like a fun shop...
Rui: Then, why don't we invite Tsukasa and go after we've finished practicing?
Emu & Nene: Okay! Sure.


2 1598:areatalk_ev_wonder_11_002

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Emu: Found you, Tsukasa! I hope you're looking forward to another wonderhoy day!
Tsukasa: Whoa! How many times do I need to tell you to not tackle me like that?!
Emu: Hehe. It's okay now since you've learned how to dodge me, right♪
Tsukasa: No, it's not okay! However, you do seem to be right about me being able to dodge you...
Tsukasa: Wait, could it be that Rui's outlandish stunts coupled with what I did at that workshop are starting to pay their dividends?!
Tsukasa: Which means I may not actually have to worry about your attempts to tackle me!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! I take back what I just told you, Emu! Feel free to tackle me all you want!
Emu: *Gasp* That means I need to train to become faster! You're going down, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Alright, bring it on!


3 1599:areatalk_ev_wonder_11_003

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: Tsukasa, you said that you guys practiced doing a lot of different things during that workshop. Is there something that you found particularly interesting?
Tsukasa: Well, they were all very interesting, but having to act out the weather, like rain and wind, was a new one.
Emu: Hey, that sounds fun! I wanna give it a try!
Emu: So, rain would be like... Pokey-pokey-poke-poke...
Nene: H-Hey... H-H-Hehe! S-Stop! That tickles...!
Rui: I believe she's recreating the sensation of being hit by raindrops, yes...?
Tsukasa: A-Ah, I see... No one at the workshop thought to do that...
Nene: Also, does this count as acting?
Rui: It's difficult to discern where that line is, but it's a fun perspective, to say the least. By the way, Tsukasa, how did you tackle this challenge?
Emu: Oh, I wanna see too!
Tsukasa: Heh. Ask and you shall receive. Watch as I become the wind! I call this the “Tempest Tom”!


4 1600:areatalk_ev_wonder_11_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Len)

Len: Hmm... Still can't get it right...
Rui: Len, you seem concerned. Is something wrong?
Len: I'm having trouble with one of my lines...
Len: It's the part where the protagonist shouts, “I'll find it no matter what!” But every time I try to shout like him, it feels sort of empty.
Nene: Hmm... Depending on his personality and what he's actually looking for, how you portray him could change quite a bit...
Nene: Also, is this thing easy or hard to find? How much is he gonna need to go through before he gets his hands on it?
Rui: Right. If he's a timid boy who is trying to muster up the courage to go find a treasure that means the world to him...
Rui: I don't think you need to raise your voice. Just showing that he's absolutely determined to succeed may be enough.
Len: I see! He loves to go on adventures, so I was under the impression that he was really excited about this prospect. I didn't know there were so many other things to consider!
Len: Thanks, Rui, Nene! I'm gonna keep thinking about what the best way is for me to play the protagonist!
Rui: You're welcome. If you ever find yourself in the same situation, please feel free to talk to us whenever you like.


5 1601:areatalk_ev_wonder_11_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Zzz... Zzz... Sheep... So fluffy... And comfortable to sleep on...
Emu: Luka's sleeping! Also, sheep...? Where?
Len: There aren't any. She's probably dreaming of them.
Luka: No, Mr. Wolf... Don't eat their fluffy wool...
Len: Oh no! What do we do...?! I think they're in trouble...!
Emu: Don't worry! I know what to do!
Emu: “It's time for the sheep to strike back against the wolf! Get ready for a BAA-BAA-BLAST!”
Len: ...!
Len: “Mr. Wolf's running away scared! He promises to never do anything bad ever again!”
Luka: Zzz... That was incredible, my lovely sheep... Now I can...fall... Zzz...
Emu & Len: We did it!


