1 2037:areatalk_ev_wonder_15_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

Tsukasa: That person... No, they're probably...
Nene: Hey... What are you doing over here mumbling to yourself?
Tsukasa: Ah, Nene! I was just doing some people-watching!
Nene: People-watching?
Tsukasa: Remember how we thought up all those life stories for my character the other day? That exercise made me realize just how poor my imagination is...
Tsukasa: I've been trying to fix that by making a habit of thinking about the stories of each passerby.
Tsukasa: After all, there's no telling what kinds of roles we're going to need to prepare for in the future.
Nene: Our future roles... Huh.
Nene: (I should be doing the same.)


2 2038:areatalk_ev_wonder_15_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Heh heh heh...
Tsukasa: Surely, Emu won't expect the three of us to be waiting outside her school to rendezvous with her! I can't wait to see the look on her face...!
Nene: Yeah, we never really do this. It's usually the other way around with her coming over to our school...
Rui: To be fair, where we'll be practicing today is right near her school. I thought a little surprise was in order.
Tsukasa: I agree. We won't go through the gate of course... But we can greet her in style just outside the grounds!
Nene: No, let's just wait for her like normal people...
Rui: Hehe. I brought a few props for the occasion.
Tsukasa: Ah, Rui, excellent! Then, let's start preparing our “Nice work with school! Let's do our best during practice!” show for her.
Nene: Wait, weren't you listening... I'm serious! We shouldn't...!


3 2039:areatalk_ev_wonder_15_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Well, our show with Shunmeiza went off without a hitch. This ended up being quite a worthwhile experience for us.
Tsukasa: Yes. Not only did we get to learn from a troupe with famous actors, but we also got to perform in a show alongside them. I couldn't be more grateful.
Nene: This is gonna sound obvious, but they were all such amazing actors... I was a little overwhelmed seeing true pros in action.
Nene: But I'm also really glad we got to do this since those kinds of opportunities don't come up often.
Emu: Yeah, me too! It was so great to hear from the staff about what the production process is like! I learned so much!
Tsukasa: As did I! It sounds like we all had a fruitful experience!
Tsukasa: That being said... We still have a lot of work ahead of us.
Tsukasa: So, let's all keep doing our best and move forward! Together!
Emu: Yeah!


4 2040:areatalk_ev_wonder_15_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, KAITO)

KAITO (WxS): Oh, Tsukasa, I didn't realize you were here.
Tsukasa: Ah, I was practicing at home but got stuck. I decided to come here to get a breath of fresh air, so to speak...
KAITO (WxS): I see... But what has you so stuck?
Tsukasa: The thing is, I'm working on this conversation scene, but I'm struggling to understand the character who I'm speaking with.
Tsukasa: That understanding will impact how I play my own character, so I've tried a few different approaches...
Tsukasa: But none of them felt right.
KAITO (WxS): I see...
KAITO (WxS): In that case, would you like me to play this other character? Actually talking to another person should help quite a bit.
Tsukasa: What?! You'd do that?!
Tsukasa: I'd appreciate that very much! Not to mention, it's been so long since we last practiced together like this.
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. I'm looking forward to seeing your portrayal.
Tsukasa: Likewise. Then, let's get started...!


5 2041:areatalk_ev_wonder_15_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku)

Rui: To think that you'd build your own three-wheel truck in SEKAI. Have you already had a chance to ride in it, Miku?
Miku (WxS): Yup☆ MEIKO took me for a ride the other day♪ It was super duper fun because it went all zoom-zoom and took us to a bunch of different places☆
Miku (WxS): Oh, but... We were all talking about how it'd be even more fun if it could go a lot faster!
Rui: Hmm... Faster, eh?
Rui: Would you mind showing me where it is right now, Miku?
Miku (WxS): Huh?
Rui: I'd like to see if there's a way for me to make that wish come true.
Miku (WxS): What?! You're gonna make it go faster?!
Rui: Hehe. It is my job to do everything I can to make everyone smile after all.


6 2124:areatalk_monthly2312_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

MEIKO (WxS): What are you three doing frozen in place here?
Luka (WxS): For our next show, we're gonna be stone statues, so we're practicing how to stay completely still.
MEIKO (WxS): I see. I'm sorry for interrupting.
Rin & Len: ...
Luka (WxS): Hehe. MEIKO, look. Rin and Len already seem like actual statues. I should learn from their example.
MEIKO (WxS): Hey, wait a second. Aren't they...?
Rin & Len: Zzz... Zzz...
Luka (WxS): Oh... Hehe. They fell asleep.
MEIKO (WxS): To be fair, anyone would after closing their eyes and staying still for so long. Not just you, Luka.


