1 2522:areatalk_ev_shuffle_53_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Kanade Yoisaki)

Saki: Kanade, did you know there's a shop that specializes in instant noodles?!
Kanade: Interesting, I didn't know that.
Ichika: Oh, I might've heard about that.
Ichika: They carry noodles that are only sold in certain parts of the country, right? If I recall, you can even eat what you buy right at the shop.
Saki: Yeah! Why don't we all go together sometime?! You might find some noodles that you really like!
Kanade: Yes, I wouldn't mind adding a few new ones to my rotation.
Ichika: Oh, in that case, why don't we buy different flavors and share them? That would allow us to try a wide variety.
Saki: Nice idea, Ichi! I wanna try lots of different types and flavors too!


2 2523:areatalk_ev_shuffle_53_002

[Main Street]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kanade Yoisaki)

Saki: Kanade, these are for you!
Kanade: Huh...? Are these coupons?
Saki: Yes! They're for the cafe I work at!
Saki: I owe you a ton for everything you did, so please take them!
Kanade: But you've also helped me a lot recently. I'm not sure I should take these...
Saki: No, I insist! I'd love it if you stopped by since I wanna talk to you some more!
Kanade: I see. Then, I'll take these, and promise to stop by the next chance I get.
Saki: Hehe. Yay! I'll be waiting!


3 2524:areatalk_ev_shuffle_53_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: Tenma really loves makeup and fashion, doesn't she?
Kanade: I really don't know anything about either, so I ended up listening to all of her enthusiastic lectures.
Ichika: Hehe. I can picture that.
Kanade: That reminds me... I felt that you two have some things in common, Hoshino.
Ichika: Huh? Saki and I do...?
Kanade: Yes. You're both very straightforward when talking about the things you love or wish to do.
Ichika: Oh... Now that you mention it, you might be right.
Ichika: Actually, Kanade, you might be in the same boat as us. I mean, you talk all the time about the things you want to do.
Kanade: Oh... Yes, you might be right.
Ichika: Hehe. Since we have that in common, let's keep sharing about the things we love and want to do moving forward.


4 2525:areatalk_ev_shuffle_53_004

[Empty SEKAI - Lake]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Kagamine Rin)

Kanade: You're wearing the brooch Mizuki gave you again.
Rin (N25): I just felt like wearing it again today...
Kanade: I see. It looks good on you.
Kanade: Would you consider it a favorite now...? It is nice to be able to find comfort in these sorts of things.
Rin (N25): Don't you have anything like that, Kanade?
Kanade: Me? Well... I suppose that would be the sweats I always wear.
Kanade: I have several sets of them because they're so comfortable and convenient.
Rin (N25): Hmm... You like them that much?


5 2526:areatalk_ev_shuffle_53_005

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: I talked to Saki the other day using a calling app, and I'm still amazed that you can chat with your friends back in Japan and see their faces while you're abroad.
Kohane: I knew it'd be easy, but it just hit me when I actually got to try it out.
Toya: It is incredible to think that technology has progressed to the point of being able to instantaneously cover such vast distances...
Toya: If only there were a mode of transportation with the same capabilities.
Kohane: A mode of transportation?
Toya: Oh, I was just imagining a world where airplanes are no longer necessary in order to travel around the world...
Kohane: R-Right. For your sake, Aoyagi, I hope that day comes soon...!


