1 2614:areatalk_wl_street_02_001

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

An: That tree's grown so big! It's hard to believe that it was a little sprout not too long ago.
Kohane: Does this mean that it'll keep growing bigger as long as we keep on improving?
An: Yeah! We should try to get it to grow taller than all the buildings around it!
Akito: Bigger than a building...?
Toya: That may actually be possible here.
Akito: What... Yeah, I guess so.
Kohane: Hehe. Our goal is to stand on top of the world, so that means we'll need to grow just as fast.
An: That's right! The four of us have gotta keep growing together!
Kohane, Akito & Toya: Yeah! Yes!


2 2615:areatalk_wl_street_02_002

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Kohane: Miku! MEIKO! We've been looking for you two.
Miku (VBS): We came to see how the tree is doing since it just went through that spontaneous growth spurt.
MEIKO (VBS): Are you two here to practice again today? Huh? What do you two have there behind your backs...?
An: Hehe. Ready, Kohane?! One, two!
Kohane & An: Thank you for always being so helpful, Miku, MEIKO!
MEIKO (VBS): Oh, these bouquets are beautiful! They're really for us?
Miku (VBS): Thank you both very much. But I don't remember anything special happening on this day.
Kohane: That's not it, no. We got you these since we were reminded of how we got to where we are today because of all of you.
An: So, we hope that you'll keep giving us great advice moving forward!
MEIKO (VBS): Of course. Come ask us whenever you need our help. After all, that's why we're here.


3 2616:areatalk_wl_street_02_003

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

Len (VBS): Akito, Toya, I'm here! I heard that you're giving stuff away. Whatcha got?
Akito: Huh? Where did you hear that?
Len (VBS): Hehe. Who do you think told me? Anyway, can I see what I get?
Toya: I guess we don't have a choice now that our cover is blown. So, here you are.
Akito & Toya: Thanks for always being so helpful, Len. Thank you for always being so helpful, Len.
Len (VBS): Wow, a bouquet! With lots of yellow flowers! You guys got this for me?!
Toya: Yes... You were right next to us while we were having those dreams after touching the black fragments, correct?
Akito: We wanted to thank you for doing that. But we have a feeling that you would've liked something edible more.
Len (VBS): Not true! I'm glad that you guys got me these flowers!
Akito: Really? Then, I guess that means you won't be needing these chocolate cookies.
Len (VBS): What?! You have cookies?! I wanna try them!
Toya: Then, let's have them over at the cafe.


4 2617:areatalk_wl_street_02_004

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

Kohane & Toya: Luka, KAITO, thank you for always being so helpful.
Luka (VBS): Wow, thank you! These beautiful bouquets are for us? But why? It's neither of our anniversaries or anything like that.
Toya: We wanted to show you both our appreciation since you're both always giving us so much support.
KAITO (VBS): That's so kind of you. It's always nice to hear that you're appreciated.
KAITO (VBS): Then again, I'm always asking quite a lot of MEIKO.
Luka (VBS): In that case, why don't you follow Kohane and Toya's example by thanking her?
Kohane: Oh, we also prepared some snacks. We're hoping that you'll join us over at the cafe.
KAITO (VBS): Really? Then, I think I will go. I'll thank her and have another wonderfully delicious cup of coffee!
Toya: Yes, let's all go thank her.


5 2618:areatalk_wl_street_02_005

[Street SEKAI - Plaza]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Kagamine Rin)

An: Aha! Found you, Rin! Akito, hurry!
Rin (VBS): Wait, what's with the big bag? Did you guys bring me a present or something?
An & Akito: Thanks for always being so helpful, Rin! Thanks for always being so helpful, Rin.
Rin (VBS): W-Wow...! This bouquet's so pretty! It's really for me?! But why?!
Akito: It's our way of thanking you for trying so hard to wake us up after we touched those black fragments and got trapped in that dream.
An: We wanted to show you our appreciation, so we decided to put these together for you!
Akito: We even made some cookies.
Rin (VBS): Wait, really?!
An: Yup! We plan on wrangling up all the others, so would you mind waiting at the cafe for us?
Rin (VBS): Okay! But if you guys don't hurry, I'm gonna start munching on those cookies!


