1 1617:areatalk_ev_street_12_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: Oh, Kohane! You know that camera you're always using to take pictures for our flyers? Can you teach me how to use one of those?
Kohane: Yeah, of course! But why?
An: Because the pictures you take are really amazing. You have this way of capturing places and things I see all the time in a completely different light.
An: So, looking down the lens of a camera might let me see things from your perspective...
Kohane: From my perspective...? Hehe. That's a wonderful thought.
Kohane: I'm not sure how much I'll be able to teach you, but I'll do my best!
An: Thanks, Kohane! By...the...way...
An: The smile you made just now was way too cute! Hold it for me! Yeah, that's it! You're just too adorable!
Kohane: (Oh, actually... An might not need my help to become a good photographer...)


2 1618:areatalk_ev_street_12_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Azusawa, you've been doing quite a few different things with Taiga during your practices with him. Can you tell us what you've done lately...?
Kohane: Lately? He had me do impressions of animals... Oh, he also had me do some tongue twisters.
Akito: Tongue twisters? Was that to improve your articulation?
Kohane: Yeah. He said that there are a few different ways how someone might have trouble articulating.
Kohane: For example, not moving your lips and tongue properly, not being able to raise the corners of your mouth and not pronouncing vowels clearly...
Kohane: He said that different words present different challenges for articulating them, and I should pay attention to that when I practice.
Akito: Interesting... Though, that's pretty rare of Taiga to actually explain a concept like that as you practice.
Toya: I agree... Some of the things you do are perplexing but intriguing at the same time.
Kohane: I think he's put a lot of thought into our practices, including what to teach me and what not to.
Kohane: (But he'll be returning to the United States soon. We don't have much time left to work one-on-one, so I need to learn as much as I can.)


3 1619:areatalk_ev_street_12_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: Oh, here. This is the artist that the lady from the record store was talking about!
Akito: Hey, it's that team. Didn't they bring in someone new after going on hiatus?
Kohane: Oh, the lady from the record store mentioned the same thing. Apparently, after their songwriter and backing vocalist left to focus on songwriting, they came to Vivid Street to look for a replacement.
Toya: I'd also heard that they added someone new, but not the story behind it...
An: Haha. She's got her connections. Some say she knows literally everything about what happens on Vivid Street.
An: Also, Kohane, she's really taken a liking to you. She always seems to want to talk to you whenever you go over to her store.
Akito: She sounds more like her grandchild than a regular customer.
Kohane: Hehe. I'm happy because it's like I have another grandmother now. I even go over from time to time just to see her.
An: Actually, Akito, Toya, she's been wanting to see you guys as well. She's always asking how my other teammates are doing.
Toya: Yes, it has been quite a while since I last visited.
Akito: And she always recommends good artists. It might be worth a visit just to hear who she likes right now.
Kohane: Yeah, let's all go together!


4 1620:areatalk_ev_street_12_004

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Megurine Luka)

An: Luka! Luka! I'm having some trouble singing part of this one song. Would you mind listening for a bit?
Luka: Yes, of course! I was just looking for something to do.
An: Thank you very much! Then, here it goes!
An: ——♪ ——!! ——~~~!!
Luka: Yes, I see. So you're having trouble with the part where you go, “——~~~!!”...?
Luka: When you began singing it, you gave off this sort of cool aura, but you quickly changed gears and really picked up the pace.
An: That's amazing, Luka! You're spot on...!
An: The melody and lyrics are really hip and stylish, so going full speed doesn't seem quite right... At the same time, it's the pre-chorus, so I kinda want to raise the energy a little...
Luka: Okay! I think I understand what you're after, An! Let's try thinking about this together!
An: Yay! Thank you so much!


5 1621:areatalk_ev_street_12_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Megurine Luka)

Kohane: Hello, Luka. You were just staring at that wall just now. Can I ask why...?
Luka: Hehe. Do you want to guess?
Kohane: Guess? Um... I'm sorry. I really can't say...
Luka: This is a bit of a tough one. The correct answer is... This stain looked just like a panda, so I was thinking about graffitiing the rest of it!
Kohane: A panda...? Oh, you're right! These black parts must be its eyes, and these look like its ears.
Luka: Yes, exactly! Then, Kohane, why don't you spray paint with me?
Kohane: What?! But... Isn't this a public street? I don't think we're supposed to draw anything here...
Luka: Don't worry! We're the only ones who use this street. Plus, I bet Len and the others are going to get a kick out of this.
Kohane: Th-That's not what I meant... For now, why don't we ask MEIKO about this?
Luka: Ask MEIKO?
Luka: (Hmm... There is a chance that she'll object, but I suppose it's worth asking if it means Kohane will draw with me!)


6 1717:areatalk_monthly2304_002

[Main Street]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Oh, hi...
Akito: Hey, I don't usually see you around here...
Nene: Yeah, I'm shopping...sort of... My goal was to check out some stores that I don't normally go to.
Akito: Really?
Nene: So, how about you...?
Akito: Practice and work.
Nene: Work? Like singing at a live house...?
Akito: I mean, I do sing, but that's not my job. I work as a store clerk.
Nene: What?! A store clerk?!
Nene: (Oh, right. This is his nice guy persona... I guess it's not that weird for him to...)
Akito: Hey, don't get any weird thoughts...
Nene: Huh?! N-No, I'm not! Honest!


7 1718:areatalk_monthly2304_003

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Luka: Hi, MEIKO! I came to hang out!
MEIKO: Oh, perfect timing. Would you like to try this new menu item?
Luka: Wait, I get to taste test?! Sign me up♪ Oh, what do you plan on adding?
MEIKO: Hehe. Rice omelets. But I haven't decided what to top them with.
MEIKO: Ketchup would obviously be a standard option, but an alternative like demi-glace sauce would also be nice, no?
Luka: I see... Does that mean I get to try all these different sauces?!
MEIKO: Yes, but... You'll be eating quite a lot. Are you sure you're up for it?
Luka: Of course! If anything, I want to go home stuffed♪
MEIKO: Okay, okay. Just give me a second and I'll have them ready.


8 1720:areatalk_monthly2304_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Kagamine Len)

Len: Kohane, thanks for practicing with me! You really helped me figure out that part!
Kohane: Of course. You also helped me figure some things out, so I really appreciate it.
Kohane: Hehe. It really is fun to sing with someone else. Not only are our voices very different, but we're also good at starkly different things..
Len: Yeah! It's always really fun to sing with you, Kohane, since you just seem to keep getting better and better!
Kohane: Oh, really?
Kohane: (That's so sweet of him... Especially since he's been watching over us with Miku and the others for so long.)
Len: Oh, I know! We should show Miku and the others how much we've improved!
Kohane: Okay!


