1 1107:areatalk_ev_wonder_05_001

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Guys, look♪ The posters for Project Wonder and us being ambassadors are ready♪
Tsukasa: What? Posters? When did this happen?
Rui: Who knows? It may serve as a replacement for the commercial that was originally slated.
Nene: Yeah, and they managed to get a good picture for our show too...
Tsukasa: Hey, the ambassador poster has a photo from when we did our Little Mermaid show!
Tsukasa: But why didn't they tell us? If I had known beforehand, I would've made sure to do my special modeling poses.
Emu: You have special modeling poses?!
Tsukasa: Well, of course. It's only natural for a star like me to have at least a hundred of those in their repertoire.
Nene: A hundred seems a bit excessive...
Rui: Hehe. You've caught my interest, so why don't you give us your best five?
Emu: Oh, I wanna see too! Please, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Ask and you shall receive! Let's start with #5!
Nene: W-Wait, you're gonna do them right now?! Can't you go over there or something so people don't see me with you?!


2 1108:areatalk_ev_wonder_05_002

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

Tsukasa: Nene, I've noticed that you've been able to sing through entire shows without issue lately.
Nene: Yeah. I mean, I can't let muscle heads like you and Emu leave me behind so...
Tsukasa: M-Muscle head...?! But I commend your efforts so far!
Tsukasa: Keep up the good work! You're our songstress, so we'll be counting on you!
Nene: Huh...? I... I know. You don't have to tell me that...


3 1109:areatalk_ev_wonder_05_003

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: You said you wanted to get something, Emu, but what exactly are you looking for?
Emu: I'm looking for these block-shaped chocolates that my big sis showed me.
Nene: Block-shaped? So chocolates that look like toy building blocks?
Emu: Kind of, but they come in all sorts of different flavors. You put them together and make new flavors out of them!
Nene: Hmm... I'm still not getting a clear picture, but that does sound interesting.
Emu: Right?! My big sis and I had lots of fun when we had them last, so I want you to experience that too, Nene♪
Nene: Then we'll just have to keep looking.
Emu: Yup☆ I'm sure we'll find them!


4 1110:areatalk_ev_wonder_05_004

[Theme Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: Robo-Nene becoming so independent is giving us so many more options now in terms of how we present stories and stuff.
Rui: Indeed. We may even be able to reconsider some scripts we've previously rejected due to lacking the manpower to perform them.
Nene: Yeah. We could try doing some shows that have each of us playing two roles.
Rui: Yes, it'd be an easy way for people to see that we're able to do so much with such a small troupe.
Rui: This may be a good opportunity for us to try that too since we've gained quite a bit of experience performing in a variety of situations.
Nene: Yeah. Let's ask what Tsukasa and Emu think when they get here.


5 1111:areatalk_ev_wonder_05_005

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Megurine Luka)

Nene: Oh, hello.
Luka: Zzz... Zzz...
Nene: Ah, she's asleep...
Luka: Mhm... Oh, what a... Surprise...
Nene: Huh?
Luka: Zzz... Zzz...
Nene: Uh... She wasn't talking to me, was she?


6 1112:areatalk_ev_wonder_05_006

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

MEIKO: Hey, KAITO! We hate to do this to you, but would it be okay if we fired you as troupe leader?
KAITO: Huh?! Again?! What's your reason this time?
Luka: Hehe. Apparently, Rin and Len want to put on a show as troupe leaders...
KAITO: Ah, I see. In that case, I don't mind whatsoever.
KAITO: But I feel like this is starting to become a habit...
MEIKO: What are you talking about?! If we don't do this, you'll just keep nagging us about respecting the position and taking responsibility, right?
MEIKO: This is a situation where we should just let them do what they believe is best and see what happens!
KAITO: Haha... I understand. I'll try to hold my tongue.
Luka: Hehe. Now that you're free, KAITO, how does a quick nap sound?
MEIKO: Wait, Luka, aren't you supposed to be helping out with the show? KAITO can sleep, but you have work to do.
Luka: Aww, but...


7 1113:areatalk_ev_wonder_05_007

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Rin: Producing shows is so much work. You have to think of a story, write a script, practice...
Len: You even need costumes for everyone, props and backdrops, so it's really easy to get confused and not know what you're supposed to do next.
Rin: I know, right? How in the world do you keep track of all this on your own, KAITO?
KAITO: But I'm not alone. I have Miku and the plushies to help me. Lately, MEIKO's even started lending me a hand.
KAITO: Shows only happen when everybody works together, so it's important to ask them for help when you need it.
Len: When everybody works together, huh...?
Rin: Does that mean you'll ask us for help when you need it, KAITO?
KAITO: Of course. Speaking of which, would you like to help me check over the costumes the plushies will be wearing?
Rin & Len: Yeah!


8 1114:areatalk_monthly2108_001

[Main Street]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Oh! Hey, An♪ You headed for practice?
An: Yup! You out shopping?
Mizuki: Nah, I've got work. But this has been happening a lot lately...
An: Hm? What's up?
Mizuki: I ran into Toya the other day right around here when he was on his way back from morning practice...
An: Oh, that's probably because the park where we do morning practices is right there. My dad's cafe is pretty close by too, so they're probably around here a lot.
Mizuki: So it's not a coincidence. The likelihood of running into you guys around here is pretty high then!
An: Yup! Toya even likes hanging out at that arcade over there whenever he's bored, so that's a pretty good spot to look if you ever need to find him.
Mizuki: Haha! Yeah, I remember him talking about that. I'll make sure to check it out sometime♪


9 1115:areatalk_monthly2108_002

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

An: Hey, Akito. Wanna make a bet for our next exam?
Akito: A bet?
An: Yeah! Kohane and Toya have been worried sick about us lately when it comes to school, so I want to show them that we're just fine now...
An: But just studying with them isn't enough. That's why I want to make a little bet!
Akito: Yeah, I guess we do sort of owe them for helping us out...
Akito: Alright, you're on.
An: Great! How about the one with the higher total score for all subjects wins?
Akito: Fine by me. And the loser has to buy the winner something from Weekend Garage.
An: Sounds good. You're going down!


10 1116:areatalk_monthly2108_003

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Hey, Toya, how tall are you anyway?
Toya: I'm around 5' 11...
An: *Sigh* I'm so jealous of tall people...
Toya: You are?
An: Yeah, especially since I play basketball. Height is everything in that sport, you know?
An: On top of that, all the shelves in our kitchen were made with my dad's height in mind, so there's a bunch of stuff that I can't reach.
An: Man, why didn't I grow up tall like you? I bet you guys have it great.
Toya: No, that's not entirely true.
An: Huh? Really?
Toya: Yes. For example, I keep running into those hanging straps on the train. Those hurt quite a bit, you know?
An: Oh, okay... Yeah, that does sound unpleasant.


11 1117:areatalk_monthly2108_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Kanade: *Sigh*...
Mizuki: Hm? Kanade? Is everything okay? You don't look so good.
Kanade: Oh, Mizuki. The sun's just so bright. My eyes are having trouble adjusting to the light.
Mizuki: That's all? Are you sure it's not anything else?
Kanade: Huh? Yes, it's just my eyes.
Mizuki: Thank goodness... Wait, no, not good! You need to get out more, Kanade!
Mizuki: Get in some sun and feel its warmth! So come out of the shade already!
Kanade: W-Wait, Mizuki, if I go out there, who knows what'll happen to my eyes...!


12 1118:areatalk_monthly2108_005

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: Oh... Kanade? This is a rare sight.
Kanade: Hello, Mafuyu. I went to the hospital to visit my dad today. Are you on your way to cram school?
Mafuyu: No, I came to buy some new seagrass for my aquarium to replace any old ones.
Kanade: I see... Would you mind if I came along, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: No, but why?
Kanade: I want to learn more about the things you like and find some new information that's not based on music.
Mafuyu: I see... Okay, but I don't even know if I actually like my aquarium.
Kanade: But you came all this way to buy new seagrass for it, so I'm sure you have some interest.
Mafuyu: I do...?
Kanade: Yes, I'm sure of it.


13 1119:areatalk_monthly2108_006

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Hey, Mafuyu! Are you on your way home?
Mafuyu: Yes. Are you headed for school, Ena?
Ena: Yeah. But I feel like I'm missing out, you know...?
Mafuyu: How?
Ena: Because of how I have to go to school when everybody is on their way home...
Mafuyu: Then why don't you go during the day?
Ena: Ugh... I can't go back to getting up early in the morning now... There's just no way...
Ena: *Sigh* Things are just easier this way. Anyway, see you later tonight.
Mafuyu: Okay. See you on Nightcord.


14 1120:areatalk_monthly2108_007

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Oh...
Ena: Oh, Mizuki... What brings you here?
Mizuki: I could ask you the same question. Wait, that flyer... Isn't it for the new cosmetics shop that just opened today?
Ena: Wait, Mizuki, that means... You're here for the limited-edition tester kit too?
Mizuki: Correctomundo♪ Hold on, didn't something like this happen before...?
Ena: Yeah, you're right...
Ena: (I was deliberately avoiding inviting Mizuki to do stuff with me to not be a massive bother, then this happens...)
Ena: Anyway, wanna check it out together? We're probably gonna be in line for a while, so it'll be nice to have some company.
Mizuki: Yeah, let's go!


15 1148:areatalk_monthly2109_005

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Ah, Tsukasa, are you about to have lunch?
Tsukasa: Yes. Hm? You brought lunch? This is a rare sight.
Rui: Yes, I did. My mother handed this to me earlier this morning.
Rui: She also gave some to my father as well, so she may have been dumping the rest of the veggie-less pot stickers we had last night on us.
Tsukasa: Veggie-less pot stickers...? So it's just meat?
Rui: Wrapped no differently from a pot sticker, mind you.
Tsukasa: Well, whatever floats your boat, I suppose...?


16 1149:areatalk_monthly2109_006

[Music Shop]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: Hey! It's a poster for that musical we saw the other day♪
Nene: Oh, you're right. Let's see... “For home viewing. The bonus CD will include a full soundtrack.”
Nene: I've sort of been wanting to see it again, so I might just buy a copy.
Emu: And it includes songs by the lead actor! Hehe. I think it's time to break open my piggy bank.
Nene: You save money like the rest of us, Emu?
Emu: Yup♪ I want to save a lot and buy lots of treasure♪
Nene: Hold on, what do you mean?
Emu: My dad taught me that when I was little♪ Making money is hard work, but you'll treasure whatever you buy with what you earned!
Emu: Hehe. I want lots of treasure, and that's what I'm gonna spend my money on♪
Nene: He said that...? That's pretty cool of him. Your dad's such a good parent, Emu...
Emu: Yup! That's because he's really amazing♪


17 1150:areatalk_monthly2109_007

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO, KAITO)

Miku (WxS): Alright☆ Let's discuss how we can make our stage super amazing♪
MEIKO: Yay♪
KAITO: Sorry... Miku brought me here without much notice, so what's this meeting about exactly...?
MEIKO: It's just what she said♪ We want to find a way to make our stage super amazing!
Miku (WxS): I really liked the plushies' suggestions about how we should add a really big slide or make an ocean somehow♪
MEIKO: A slide would be a nice touch and an ocean would be just as wonderful!
KAITO: Yes, a slide may actually be feasible, but an ocean's a difficult proposition.
Miku (WxS): Yeah, you'd need lots and lots of salt and water...
KAITO: Yes, well... That is one problem...
Miku (WxS): Okay, I'll go next☆ What if we made it so our stage can rotate round and round♪
KAITO: Oh, that may actually be possible...
MEIKO: Up and down, and side to side too. Like a mystifying top out of someone's dream!
KAITO: Hold on, you two! Up and down, and side to side...?!
KAITO: (At this rate, our stage will turn into some sort of thrill ride! I need to stop them before things get too out of hand!)


18 1151:areatalk_monthly2109_008

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

Luka: *Yawn* The weather's so nice today...
Rin: Right? So about doing today's show outside...
Luka: Zzz...
Len: Oh, did Luka fall asleep?
Rin: Haha♪ She's sleeping like a baby.
Len: Yeah, it is a nice day out. Maybe I'll take a little nap too.
Rin: Oh, me too...
Luka: Mhm... Good night... You two... Zzz...


