1 1612:areatalk_ev_idol_12_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: ...
Shizuku: Hm? Airi, you seem a bit angry. Is something wrong?
Airi: I just happened to see Cheerful * Days on TV this morning, which reminded me of our shoot...
Airi: Yeah, the show got what it wanted, but they could've at least apologized for what happened.
Shizuku: Hehe.
Airi: What are you giggling about?
Shizuku: It's just... I'm so happy that you're standing up for me.
Airi: Shizuku...
Airi: *Sigh* Oh, you. How can I stay mad after seeing that smile of yours?


2 1613:areatalk_ev_idol_12_002

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Ready, Shizuku?! *Beep* *Shutter* *Beep* *Shutter*
Haruka: I'm really impressed by how you're able to strike all these poses and make so many different facial expressions, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Hehe. The photographers would always teach me something new whenever I modeled for them.
Minori: Cool! That means I need to learn as much as I can from you and practice having my pictures taken, Shizuku!
Haruka: Hm? Do you not like having pictures taken of you, Minori?
Minori: I don't think so... But my luck's atrocious, so my eyes usually end up being half-closed or the peace sign I'm trying to make would look all funny.
Haruka: (I'd chalk that up more to your timing being bad as opposed to your luck...)
Haruka: Then, you could try learning the rhythm for when you're posing while having your pictures taken.
Haruka: Knowing how much time there is between shots and poses should help with that. You could also try adjusting how often you change your facial expressions.
Shizuku: Yes, in that case, I may be able to help.
Minori: Really?! Oh, please teach me!


3 1614:areatalk_ev_idol_12_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Hehe...
Airi: Minori's giggling while looking at her phone...
Shizuku: What are you watching, Minori?
Minori: It's a video of Samo! We watched the episode of iHaz where we appear together and... Look!
Haruka: Hehe. He's right in front of your TV. His nose looks like it's about to touch the screen...
Shizuku: Oh... Is he comparing the real you to the person he's seeing on the screen?
Airi: The real Minori's right next to him, but he's hearing her voice coming from somewhere else.
Minori: Yeah! He has such an amazingly adorable personality!
Minori: Oh, also! When Shizuku was answering Arisa's questions, he didn't wag his tail at all. He just sat there and watched really intently.
Haruka: Does that mean he was moved by the way Shizuku handled that situation?
Shizuku: Hehe. If that's the case, I'd like to thank him somehow.
Minori: Then, wanna come over to my house? It's been a while since you last did and we still need to discuss our next stream!
Shizuku: Are you sure? Thank you, Minori.
Airi: Hehe. I think we're all looking forward to seeing Samo again.


4 1615:areatalk_ev_idol_12_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, MEIKO)

MEIKO: *Sigh* Those girls...
Shizuku: You seem awfully happy, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Yes, well... Miku and Rin were pretending that they were on a prank show, and I ended up becoming their target.
Shizuku: Oh, what sort of prank did they pull on you?
MEIKO: So, while I was rehearsing for my solo show, they snuck up on me from behind and became my backup dancers!
MEIKO: Apparently, their goal was to “dance until the end without MEIKO noticing”...
Shizuku: Hehe. They come up with such adorable pranks.
MEIKO: Don't they though?! Unfortunately for them, it was pretty easy to notice that they were dancing behind me. As a result, they failed their challenge.
MEIKO: Then, they said, “We'll be back♪” So it seems that I'm going to get pranked again.
Shizuku: Oh, I'm looking forward to hearing what they do.


5 1616:areatalk_ev_idol_12_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

Rin: ...48...49...50! I did it!
Miku (MMJ): Were you just doing crossovers, Rin?
MEIKO: Did you just do fifty without making a single mistake? That's incredible!
Rin: Hehe. Remember how I was having the most trouble jump roping out of all of us when we trained together the other day?
Rin: So, after practicing a lot on my own, I learned how to do all these different tricks♪
MEIKO: They're the fruits of your labor! By the way, what kinds of tricks can you do?
Rin: I can do criss-crosses, front and back crosses, double jumps while criss-crossing and...
Rin: Oh, I can even do this thing where I step out of my rope and back in again.
Miku (MMJ): Whoa, what?! Your rope just twirled itself from right to left.
MEIKO: I couldn't tell what just happened either. Rin, how are you able to do that?
Rin: It's actually a lot easier than it looks. Lemme show you guys! You start by...


6 1654:areatalk_monthly2303_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh...! Airi, wait. Can we stop and take a look at those for a second?
Airi: Hm? These capsule machines? What about them?
Shizuku: The “Purrrfectly Snug♪” series cats they have on the right... Shii has a few of them in her room and I'd like to get her a little souvenir.
Airi: “Purrrfectly Snug♪”...? Oh, these? Wait, huh...?!
Airi: Wh-What?! These are way too cute! I mean, this one looks so comfy that its little face is just melting in bliss!
Shizuku: Hehe. Would you like to also give it a try, Airi? I'll trade you the comfy kitty if I manage to get it.
Airi: Really? Then, I think I'll give it a go too! By the way, Shizuku, which do you want for her souvenir?
Shizuku: Well, I was thinking the one staring mischievously at an orange would be nice...
Airi: Got it! I'll do my best to get that one!
Shizuku: Okay...!


7 1655:areatalk_monthly2303_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kagamine Len)

Len: Airi, can I ask you more about being the MC for a show?
Airi: Yeah, sure. Is this for your next one?
Len: Yeah. Miku and Luka are the main performers, but they asked me to support them by acting as the host.
Airi: Interesting. Being the MC's one thing, but it seems kinda rare for them to have a host for one of their shows.
Len: They're actually gonna battle each other a few times throughout it. So, they need someone to act as a neutral judge.
Len: I sort of have an idea of what I'm supposed to say and do... But I don't wanna go into this without fully committing myself to it.
Airi: That's so professional of you! Then, maybe you can use the hosts of the variety shows I was on as reference.
Len: Thanks, Airi! That'd be huge.
Airi: I'm happy to be able to talk about my experiences as well, so ask me anything!


8 1656:areatalk_monthly2303_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

Rin: Hey, KAITO♪ Can you tell me your favorite color?
KAITO: Huh? My favorite color? Well, I guess... Blue...?
Rin: What kind of blue? Regular blue? Light blue?
KAITO: Hmm... Then, dark blue.
Rin: Okay! Let's see... “Dark Blue: You are a very considerate person who often thinks about how others feel”...!
KAITO: Hehe. You were giving me a personality test.
Rin: Yup. Minori showed it to me! Anyway, I'm gonna go ask the others. Thanks for answering!
KAITO: You're welcome!
KAITO: (I see... Was MEIKO giving me the same test just now when she asked me my favorite color?)
KAITO: (Oh, wait... She said, “You'll just have to wait to find out”...)
KAITO: (Haha... I should probably react in a way that makes it seem like I'm hearing it for the first time...)


