1 2619:areatalk_ev_wonder_20_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: You guys are all standing as straight as arrows!
Tsukasa: As straight as arrows? Are you talking about our postures?
Rui: We were given quite an earful about maintaining good posture while over at Morinomiya. That must be why.
Nene: But I have a feeling we're all gonna return to normal now that we're done training there...
Emu: Then, let's have a contest to see who can stay this way the longest! I'll also play!
Tsukasa: Ah, an interesting proposal. I'm not about to let you walk away with this one!
Rui: Hehe. We should probably play along, yes?
Nene: We really don't have to turn it into a contest...
Nene: Oh, but... If it can help me get better control over my posture, then this might not be a bad idea...


2 2620:areatalk_ev_wonder_20_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: Let's do our best training together, Nene!
Nene: Yeah, let's. Anyway, why don't we start with some running?
Emu: Alright, let's shoot for thirty laps of Nonogi Park!
Nene: W-Wait, thirty...?
Emu: We gotta aim high, Nene! Let's run like crazy and increase our stamina a ton!
Nene: I-I'm not sure I'll be able to...


3 2621:areatalk_ev_wonder_20_003

[Wonderland SEKAI - Harbor]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Huh? What's that book you're reading there, Rui?
Rui: It's a novel that's been getting a lot of buzz lately. It's written by the president of a major corporation and is somewhat autobiographical.
Rui: It starts with him opening up his little shop, and goes on to show how he was able to make it a massive success. The ideas he came up with are supposedly quite creative.
Emu: Oh, that sounds really interesting...! It might help me learn more about management and stuff!
Rui: Hehe. I'm glad to hear it's piqued your interest. This story is actually going to be adapted into a film, and I was going to invite all of you to see it.
Emu: Really?! Seeing it as a movie also sounds like fun! But I kinda wanna read the novel first too... I don't know which to choose!


4 2622:areatalk_ev_wonder_20_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, KAITO)

Emu: Oh, KAITO! What's your favorite taiyaki flavor?
KAITO (WxS): Hmm... That's a tough one... I like the standard red bean paste, but the same goes for custard... Oh, the matcha ones you brought over the other day were also good.
KAITO (WxS): They're all so delicious, I don't know if I can choose just one. Can I just say that they're all my favorites?
Emu: Hmm... I see. Alright, in that case, I'll give you all of these for being so honest!
Emu: I brought lots and lots of taiyaki with me, so let's have them with the others☆
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. Now I see. Thank you. Let's go find them, shall we?


5 2623:areatalk_ev_wonder_20_005

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Hup! Hah! Hoh!
Tsukasa: What do you think?! This is the tap dancing I learned at Morinomiya!
Nene: Wow...! You're actually pretty good...
Rui: You might be even better now compared to when we were training with them.
Tsukasa: I'd better be! I've been practicing since we stopped training with them.
Nene: Wait, really...?
Tsukasa: The thing is, after I told Saki about how I was training at Morinomiya, she asked me to tap dance for her.
Tsukasa: I've been training in secret in order to perfect my routine... But based on your reactions, I might just show her later tonight!
Rui: Hehe. Break a leg.


