1 1602:areatalk_ev_band_12_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Ichika: You looked up ways to stay awake during class?
Saki: Yeah! I fell asleep the other day, so I decided to do some research on how not to!
Saki: And I found this thing about pressure points that apparently works really well!
Ichika: Oh, pressure points? I can see why...but which ones?
Saki: Lemme see... It says, “Massage the point on the back of your hand where your thumb and index finger meet.” It's supposed to wake you right up♪
Ichika: The back of my hand? So, here...?
Ichika: Oh, that actually hurt a little... Does that mean it's working?
Saki: Yeah, probably! I felt the same thing as you, Ichi♪
Saki: Now I'll be ready when I start dozing off again!
Ichika: Yeah, I'll try it too if I ever get sleepy. Thanks for telling me about this, Saki.
Saki: Hehe. You're very welcome♪


2 1603:areatalk_ev_band_12_002

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Honami, I heard someone playing the drums just now from outside. Were you practicing on your own?
Honami: Oh, Shiho...!
Honami: Yes, I was practicing to make sure I don't make any small mistakes when we all play together next time.
Honami: I want to do everything I can leading up to our solo show.
Shiho: Honami...
Shiho: (She already does all the paperwork and stuff for us... And she still feels driven enough to practice on her own.)
Shiho: (That means I need to do more...)
Shiho: I'll join you... After all, we're the rhythm section, so having your bassist around will make it easier for you to play.
Honami: Shiho... Hehe. Thank you! Then, let's practice together.


3 1604:areatalk_ev_band_12_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hey, look! The Leo/need account we set up recently is slowly getting more followers!
Ichika: Wow, that's nice to see...
Honami: Do you think it's the people who've seen our shows and watched our videos?
Shiho: Maybe. Having a link to our account in the descriptions for our videos is probably also helping.
Ichika: It's still pretty new, but I hope it gradually grows moving forward.
Honami: Me too! Oh, I know. Why don't we take a look at how other bands run their social media pages?
Saki: Yeah! We can use them as reference!
Honami: Then, let's start with this one...


4 1605:areatalk_ev_band_12_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku)

Honami: Miku, would you mind if we practiced together...?
Miku (Ln): No, I don't mind. Which song would you like to play?
Honami: Um, this one... The part where we all sync to the same rhythm is giving me some trouble.
Honami: The drummer stands out here, so I'd like to make sure I'm pulling us in the right direction.
Miku (Ln): Hehe...
Honami: Hm? Is something wrong?
Miku (Ln): It's just, Honami... I really admire how cool you've become.
Honami: Huh...? R-Really...? Wh-What makes you think that...?
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Who knows? Anyway, let's start practicing!


5 1606:areatalk_ev_band_12_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Say, Miku, would you like to play something with me?
Miku (Ln): Sure, but weren't you just practicing with Ichika and the others?
MEIKO: Yes, I was...
MEIKO: But how can I sit around and do nothing while my beloved juniors are working so hard? I feel like practicing more now!
Miku (Ln): Ah, good point... We do need to set a good example for them.
Miku (Ln): What would you like to play first, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Hehe. Since you sound so motivated now, Miku, why don't we start with that one song?
Miku (Ln): Okay!


