1 2258:areatalk_wl_idol_01_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: It really rained a lot this morning, so I'm super glad that things cleared up before we had to go to work. Eep...!
Shizuku: Huh? Minori?
Airi: What's wrong? Why did you jump all of a sudden?
Minori: *Sob* A raindrop fell on the back of my neck...
Haruka: It did just clear up a second ago.
Shizuku: Are you okay, Minori? Would you like to borrow my handkerchief?
Minori: No, I'm fine. Thanks for offering, Shizuku.
Airi: Still, Minori, what are the odds of a random raindrop falling directly onto the back of your neck?! Also, you get a perfect 100 for that reaction!
Minori: That doesn't make me happy at all!
Haruka & Shizuku: Hehe.


2 2259:areatalk_wl_idol_01_002

[Stage SEKAI - Flower Field]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku)

Minori: Say, Miku. Do you plan on removing this grass?
Miku (MMJ): Huh? I haven't actually thought about it. My plan was to just leave it since nobody's said anything about it...
Minori: Really?! Thank goodness...
Minori: They're always weeding and pruning the lawns in the parks and gardens around where I live to make sure the flowers get all the nutrients they need.
Miku (MMJ): I see... But you'd like me to leave this grass alone?
Minori: Yeah, because it's sort of like me when I'd just become an idol. I feel that it's looking forward to growing big and strong...
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. In that case, I'll make sure that the grass in this flower field is left alone.
Miku (MMJ): Especially if there's a possibility of it turning into some lovely flowers. Like the way you have, Minori.
Minori: Oh... Thanks! I really appreciate it, Miku!


3 2260:areatalk_wl_idol_01_003

[Stage SEKAI - Flower Field]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, MEIKO, KAITO)

MEIKO (MMJ): I realized something while taking another look around this place.
KAITO (MMJ): You did?
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes. And I have a feeling you know what I'm talking about, Haruka.
Haruka: Huh? Me? Oh, are you talking about...?
KAITO (MMJ): Something both you and Haruka realized, huh? I think I have an idea now.
MEIKO (MMJ): Then, let's all say what we're thinking on three! Ready? One, two...!
Haruka, MEIKO & KAITO: This looks like a great place to run. This looks like a great place to run!
Haruka: Wow! KAITO, you guessed correctly!
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, well done!
KAITO (MMJ): Hehe. I have known you for quite a while now.


4 2261:areatalk_wl_idol_01_004

[Stage SEKAI - Flower Field]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kagamine Len)

Len (MMJ): Airi, have you gotten used to being here already?
Airi: Yeah, since the sky, buildings and flowers are all familiar sights where we live.
Airi: Actually, I sometimes completely forget that I'm in SEKAI.
Airi: What about you, Len? This place popping up out of nowhere surprised you guys, right?
Len (MMJ): Yeah, it did. I mean, it appeared so suddenly.
Len (MMJ): But we quickly realized that it came from all of your feelings, so it means a lot to us now.
Len (MMJ): It's a nice place to visit when taking breaks during practice and stuff.
Airi: Yeah, it's much more open compared to places with so many stages packed together. I even want to start bringing a pillow so that I can take naps here.


5 2262:areatalk_wl_idol_01_005

[Stage SEKAI - Flower Field]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

Rin (MMJ): Hey, Shizuku, did you hear? Apparently, KAITO almost fell into that pond.
Shizuku: No, this is news to me. Is he okay? I hope he didn't get hurt.
Luka (MMJ): No, thankfully. MEIKO was there to save him.
Shizuku: Thank goodness. I'll also need to be careful not to fall into it...
Rin (MMJ): But it's so cool how you can't get wet♪ You can just pretend like nothing happened if there aren't any witnesses around.
Luka (MMJ): I feel that it's better to be careful not to fall in instead of coming up with ways to fool others, Rin.
Luka (MMJ): Wait, unless... You have already fallen in...
Rin (MMJ): No, I haven't! I was just speaking hypothetically...!
Shizuku: You don't look injured or hurt anywhere as far as I can tell. Thank goodness...
Rin (MMJ): Huh? Shizuku?! Luka?! I haven't fallen in! Honest!


6 2263:areatalk_wl_idol_01_006

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Shizuku! Are you off to have lunch?
Shizuku: No, I was actually on my way to the teacher's office. I have a question about mathematics.
Minori: Oh, I'm headed there too! I was working on some stuff for Classical Japanese, but my translation turned out all funny.
Shizuku: Then, we're in the same boat.
Shizuku: Still, Minori, you seem completely used to being on the credit-based system now.
Minori: Hehe. I'm still hitting a few walls here and there, but I'm managing thanks to Haruka and my classmates!
Minori: Anyway, Shizuku, wanna head over to the office together? We can talk while we walk!
Shizuku: Hehe. I was about to ask you the same thing. So, shall we?


7 2264:areatalk_wl_idol_01_007

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Huh...? Haruka, are you having lunch by yourself?
Haruka: Oh, Airi. Yes, I am. Minori went to the teacher's office to ask a question about something.
Airi: Oh, really? Shizuku's doing the same thing.
Airi: I was wondering what to do about lunch after she ran off...
Haruka: In that case, why don't we have lunch together? Oh, I brought my own today by the way. What about you?
Airi: I also brought a lunch. Why don't we eat in the courtyard since it's so nice out today?
Haruka: Oh, good call.
Airi: Hey, want some of my tofu patties? They turned out so well when I made them last night that I decided to bring some for lunch today.
Haruka: Thanks. But are you sure? These look really good.
Airi: Yeah, of course. I'm here to show them off. I brought them because they look good.
Haruka: They turned out that well? Hehe. Now I'm really looking forward to trying some.


8 2265:areatalk_wl_idol_01_008

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Airi, I have a small favor to ask... Mind if we talked for a second?
Airi: Sure, but is something wrong? I'll try to help if I can.
Minori: So, it's really nothing serious... If anything, I'm a little embarrassed to ask...
Airi: If it's nothing serious, then don't feel shy. Just ask and I'll see what I can do to help you.
Minori: Really?! Then...!
Minori: The thing is, these cough drops I bought have this really unique flavor... That I'm not exactly a fan of... I was wondering if you wanted to...
Airi: Sorry, Minori. I won't be able to help you with that! See you!
Minori: No, Airi, wait! You don't have to take them! Just help me find someone who will!


9 2266:areatalk_wl_idol_01_009

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: The interview for the magazine we did the other day reminded me of how you don't like wasabi, Haruka.
Haruka: I'm not a fan of the way it rushes through your sinuses...
Haruka: Speaking of which, Shizuku, spicy foods aren't really your thing, right?
Shizuku: Yes. All spicy foods, including curry and mapo tofu...
Shizuku: But we may be asked to eat things we don't like the more we appear on TV.
Shizuku: So I plan on doing my best when that happens!
Haruka: Yeah. But I think it might also be good to first talk to Saito or the TV crew about it.
Haruka: Especially when we're reviewing food. It's going to be hard to give positive comments if we don't genuinely enjoy what we're eating. I'd rather not cause the people cooking it any trouble.
Shizuku: Oh, right... Forcing ourselves may not be a good thing for them either.
Shizuku: Thank you for bringing that up, Haruka. I promise to ask those around me when I'm really unsure.
Haruka: Okay. Feel free to ask me as well. I'll be more than happy to help.


10 2267:areatalk_wl_idol_01_010

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Rin (MMJ): I hope more and more flowers in that new area start to bloom.
Miku (MMJ): Me too♪ But if what you all said is correct about them being “flowers of hope”, then that may take some time...
Len (MMJ): Yeah, spreading hope to others isn't easy.
Len (MMJ): But Minori and the others believe that they'll be able to eventually.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. So do I. I mean, they've already spread hope to so many people.
Rin (MMJ): Yeah! And they have us supporting them!
Len (MMJ): Right. They're always asking us for help, so we need to keep being there for them.
Miku (MMJ): Then, let's keep giving them all the support we possibly can♪
Rin, Miku & Len: Yeah!


