1 1455:areatalk_ev_night_09_001

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: Sorry for making you both come over like this.
Mizuki: No, that's totally fine. I'd just reached a good place to take a break.
Kanade: Anyway, can you tell us more about what you were talking about in the chat?
Ena: Yeah, my mom and her friends decided to make some caneles... And they started having so much fun that they ended up making this enormous batch.
Ena: They're actually pretty good, so wanna have some together?
Mizuki: Is that what this is about? Yeah, of course!
Kanade: Yes, I'd like some as well. I can substitute this for dinner.
Ena: Kanade... I'm glad you want to try some, but make sure to have an actual meal later, okay?
Kanade: O-Okay... In that case, this will be a nice snack.


2 1456:areatalk_ev_night_09_002

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Mafuyu, the album from when we went to PXL's all done.
Mafuyu: There's an album...?
Mizuki: Yup. I took a bunch of the pics from our trip and turned them into a quick slideshow♪
Mizuki: Kanade and Ena already had a look, and they both seemed to really like it. Wanna take a peek at it?
Mafuyu: A quick one...
Mizuki: Awesome! Just gimme a sec to get my phone out!
Mizuki: (Heh heh heh. Little does she know that I managed to shop some Phenny hats and Poochie ears into a few of these pics...)
Mizuki: (They turned out super cute too, so I can't wait to see how she reacts to them.)


3 1457:areatalk_ev_night_09_003

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, I've been thinking. Is there anything around here we could turn into a sort of landmark?
Kanade: Huh? Something that can act as a landmark?
Mizuki: Yeah. Miku talked about how Len got pretty lost immediately after arriving in SEKAI.
Mafuyu: Oh, that's right... Len said the same thing.
Ena: Really...? I mean, there just isn't a whole lot here and it's pretty much the same landscape wherever you go.
Mizuki: Right? So, if we figured out a way to know where we are, we'd be able to travel pretty far without getting lost.
Kanade: So, how should we actually go about doing that...?
Mizuki: Hmm... What if we brought over some desks or tables and stuff to set up a few rest areas?
Ena: Wait, that sounds like a lot of work... And a lot of stuff to bring over too...
Mizuki: Hmm... You think so?
Mafuyu: Rest areas aside, I'm sure Miku and the others will figure something out if they need a method of knowing where they are...
Ena: As for us, all we have to do is stop Untitled to return to our respective rooms.
Mizuki: Yeah, true.


4 1458:areatalk_ev_night_09_004

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

MEIKO: ...
Miku (N25): MEIKO, do you have a minute...? There's something Len would like to ask you.
MEIKO: What is it...?
Len: Oh, um... I noticed that you liked to keep your distance from Mafuyu and the others whenever they visit SEKAI, so I was wondering why that is...
MEIKO: Because their feelings are very complex and I believe I need to stay at arm's length to see things objectively...
MEIKO: Couldn't you have just told him all of this yourself, Miku...?
Miku (N25): Yes, but we're all in this SEKAI together and I thought it was important, so I had him ask you in person...
MEIKO: And...? Did it help?
Len: Oh... Y-Yes... I understand now that you feel it's necessary to keep your distance from them.
Len: (And here I was thinking that she'd be lonely being all by herself... I'm glad I got to hear otherwise...)


5 1459:areatalk_ev_night_09_005

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Hello, Len. Out for a walk?
Len: Oh... H-Hello...
Rin: I think he's still scared of you, Luka.
Len: Huh? Um...
Luka: Oh? Are you sure it's not you he's scared of, Rin?
Rin: There's no way. Len, you can hide behind me if you feel scared...
Len: Um, so... I...
Luka: No, you should hide behind me instead of her since I'm taller.
Rin: Hey, no fair...
Luka: Hehehe. But it's the truth, no?
Len: (M-Miku...! What am I supposed to do...?!)


6 1488:areatalk_monthly2207_004

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Mafuyu, do you have a minute...?
Mafuyu: Yes...?
Luka: Mizuki gave me a pendant that supposedly “suits me perfectly” the other day...
Luka: When I tried putting it on, I dropped it by accident, and right at that moment the stone on top came off and rolled away.
Mafuyu: What did it look like?
Luka: A teardrop with this beautiful mix of blue and pink colors. The stone's gradation was absolutely gorgeous.
Mafuyu: Okay, I'll keep it safe if I happen to find it.
Luka: You will? Thank you, Mafuyu. Oh, but please don't tell Mizuki. I'd prefer to keep the fact that I broke and lost a part of such a nice gift a secret.
Mafuyu: You're thinking about how someone else is going to feel about what you did, Luka...?
Luka: Mafuyu, just what kind of person do you think I am? I'm not some meanie who hurts others for no reason.
Luka: (Plus, this has nothing to do with trying to get a certain someone to move forward.)


7 1489:areatalk_monthly2207_005

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama, Kagamine Len)

Len: No... I lost another game of Old Maid... Why is it that I can never win?
Mizuki: It's probably because you don't have much of a poker face, Len. I sorta noticed that while you were playing with Miku and the others.
Mizuki: For example, Luka doesn't flinch whenever she draws the joker. On the other hand, you might fare better by doing what Rin does by just being mentally prepared to throw down with someone.
Len: Wait... Doesn't that mean I have to lie to myself?
Mizuki: Huh...?
Mizuki: Oh, I never thought about it that way... I mean, I think it's important to try and enjoy the competitive aspect of these kinds of games...
Len: The competitive aspect...
Len: Are you good at those kinds of games, Mizuki? If so, I'd like you to teach me a little more about them...
Mizuki: Haha... I'm not great at them, but I think I can help you get good enough to win at Old Maid!
Len: Really? Then, if you don't mind...


