1 1089:areatalk_ev_shuffle_10_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kohane Azusawa)

Saki: Kohane, your singing voice is amazing! It's hard to believe that you only just started in high school!
Kohane: Thanks, but I wouldn't have been able to take that leap on my own.
Kohane: There's this girl on my team who calls me her partner and really believes in me...
Kohane: She's the real reason I've been working so hard!
Saki: Yeah, that's great. I guess it's really important to have people by your side there to push you forward.
Saki: Knowing that I have Ichi, Hona and Shiho there by my side makes it so much easier to take on tough challenges!
Kohane: Yeah. It really is nice to have friends like that always there for us.


2 1090:areatalk_ev_shuffle_10_002

[Main Street]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Emu Otori)

Saki: So this is your favorite taiyaki place, Emu?
Emu: Yup☆ They have regular ones and super sweet ones with custard in them♪
Saki: Oh, that does sound good! I think I'll get an assortment of both and share them with my parents and Tsukasa when I get home♪
Emu: Wait, that place where you always buy snacks is near here too, right, Saki? I wanna check that out too☆
Saki: You got it! I'll show you all the best stuff they have♪
Emu: Yay! Hehe. It's like telling each other what we love makes us love them even more!
Saki: Yeah! And there's tons more love where that came from♪ Am I right?
Saki & Emu: Hahaha!


3 1091:areatalk_ev_shuffle_10_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: Hehe. The Seaside School finally gave me an opportunity to get to know you better, Honami. I'm so glad that I got to go.
Kohane: I'd already heard a lot about you from Minori and Shiho, so I was really hoping that I'd get a chance to really talk to you.
Honami: I see. By the way, what did they say about me?
Kohane: Minori mentioned how you were dog-walking buddies, and Shiho talked about how you're in a band together and how you know a lot about astronomy.
Kohane: My dad and I tried our hand at photographing constellations, and he was happy to hear that I knew someone with a better understanding of the subject.
Honami: Hehe. That's nice. Feel free to ask me anytime about astronomy or stargazing.
Kohane: R-Really?! Thank you so much! I'm definitely gonna take you up on that!


4 1092:areatalk_ev_shuffle_10_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

Kohane: Oh, Emu. The show that used all of Phoenix Wonderland as a stage was your guys' idea, right?
Emu: Yup♪ Rui, Tsukasa, Nene and I all worked super duper hard to come up with it☆
Emu: Were you there to see it, Kohane?
Kohane: Sorry, I only saw it through some videos on social media. I was performing in an event that day and didn't know until the next day when PXL was trending really high...
Emu: That's okay! We're gonna do more shows just like that one! The whole park's gonna look extra pretty, so I hope you get a chance to see one♪
Kohane: I will! My dad really wants to see one of your shows and all the illuminations, so we might just go as a family if we do get a chance to see both.
Emu: Yay☆ I can't wait to see you all there♪


5 1093:areatalk_ev_shuffle_10_005

[Main Street]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

Minori: It's been a while since we went to see a show together like this!
Kohane: Yeah, it really has! And thanks for coming along, Shiho.
Shiho: Don't mention it. I've been meaning to see this band for a while now. This is their first solo show too, so it felt like the right time to go.
Kohane: Hehe. I can't wait for it to start. I made sure to listen to all of the songs you recommended beforehand, Shiho.
Minori: Me too! But I didn't really get a chance to learn every cheer, so I'm worried about not being able to do them right.
Shiho: What do you mean by cheers? This isn't an idol concert, so you can sort of do whatever you want...
Shiho: Going with the flow and getting into the vibe they create is more important, don't you think?
Minori: Okay! Then let's go with the flow and really get into it!
Kohane: Yeah!


6 1094:areatalk_ev_shuffle_10_006

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

Saki: Penguin♪ Penguin♪ Penguin, penguin♪
Haruka: Hehe. You seem awfully happy, Tenma.
Ichika: She's been dying to go to the Penguin Cafe so...
Haruka: Right. I've been meaning to go with her too since she was the one who told me that this place existed.
Haruka: Oh, before we do go... There's something you both need to know.
Saki: Sure, what's up?
Haruka: Well... The second I step through the doors, I may sort of lose control of myself. Just fair warning...
Saki: That means this place is so good that even the great Haruka Kiritani can't help but act like a little kid! I can't wait to see this place!
Ichika: Hehe. I'm not sure that's quite what she meant.
Saki: I know. I was just kidding♪
Saki: It just means that we'll get to see a side of you that we don't normally get to, right? That might actually be even better!
Haruka: Right. And this is a special service because you're my friends.
Saki: Yay! You hear that, Ichi? Special service♪
Ichika: Okay, okay. I understand that you're happy, but you need to be more careful about where you're walking.
Saki: What?! No fair! I know you're just as excited as I am, Ichi!
Haruka: Hehe...


7 1095:areatalk_ev_shuffle_10_007

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori)

Emu: Hi, Honami! Wonderhoy♪
Honami: Hi, Emu. Are you out shopping too?
Emu: Yup♪ I'm shopping for clothes with my big sis!
Honami: Oh, that's right. You have an older sister. Didn't you also say that you have an older brother too...?
Emu: Yup, I have two big brothers☆ And you have a little brother, right, Honami? Do you ever go shopping and stuff with him?
Honami: I'd like it if we went out more together, but he's at an age where he's a little shy about being seen with me. Lately, he's been giving me the cold shoulder whenever I invite him out.
Honami: But his prickliness is also a little endearing too.
Emu: Haha. I know what you mean. My big brothers are like that with me sometimes!
Emu: Oh, big sis is calling me! I'll talk to you later, Honami♪
Honami: Okay, see you.


8 1096:areatalk_ev_shuffle_10_008

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Len: The pirate show that the plushies did was so good!
Rin: Yeah, it was! I wanna try being a pirate too!
Miku (WxS): Then why don't we try doing that right now☆
Len: Yeah, great idea! Okay... Hah hah hah! I am the captain of the most fearsome ship on the high seas!
Rin: Oh, I wanna try! Hah hah hah! I am the captain of the scariest ship in the entire world!
Miku (WxS): Heh heh heh! I too am a great captain...!
Len: Haha. We all ended up being captains!
Rin: Because that's the best part♪
Miku (WxS): Hehe☆ Then let's compete to see who can become the coolest captain of them all!


