1 2283:areatalk_ev_idol_17_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: You won a prize?
Minori: Yeah, from a television guide... Ta-daa! Inside this cooler bag is a set of high-grade beef for sukiyaki! And there's enough for five!
Minori: There's five of us if we include Saito, right?! So, I thought we could have a little feast at the MORE MORE HOUSE!
Haruka: I mean, that's sweet of you to offer, but shouldn't you be sharing this with your family instead of us? It looks really good.
Minori: Guess what?! When I told my mom about this, she said that I should share it with you guys!
Minori: So, what do you say?
Airi: Oh, she really said that? Then, let's have ourselves a feast!
Haruka: In that case, before we head over to the MORE MORE HOUSE, let's stop by the store to pick up everything else we'll need.
Airi: Alright, we're gonna need eggs. Also, green onions, tofu, mushrooms, carrots, napa cabbage and... Oh, shirataki noodles. What else?
Shizuku: Oh, I'll let Saito know. I'm sure she'll enjoy hearing this news.
Minori: Thanks! Then, it's off to the MORE MORE HOUSE!!!


2 2284:areatalk_ev_idol_17_002

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Haruka: What do I do...?
Len (MMJ): Hm? What's wrong, Haruka?
Haruka: Huh? Oh, so... For our next regular stream, we're going to be presenting our favorite pictures. I was in the middle of choosing mine, but...
Haruka: All the pictures I took of the penguins when I went to the zoo are so cute. I can't decide on just one...
KAITO (MMJ): I see... If you're having trouble, then would you mind showing us?
Haruka: Oh, sure! I'll start with this one where four penguins are walking in a line. It's so cute how the little one in the back is cuddling up against the one in front of it...! But this one with the penguin jumping up to catch its food is also really good.
Haruka: And the one of this family sleeping together is just too adorable. So much so that I wish I could nap with them... But this one really surprised me because of the way it tried to intimidate the fish here...
Len (MMJ): H-Haruka? Can you slow down? How about you go one picture at a time?
Haruka: Oh, sorry... I couldn't help myself...
KAITO (MMJ): Everyone enjoys talking about the things they really love. So, if you'd like, we'll listen to the end and help you find the best one.
Haruka: Yes, I'd really appreciate that...!


3 2285:areatalk_ev_idol_17_003

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, KAITO)

KAITO (MMJ): Hmm...
Shizuku: Is something the matter, KAITO?
KAITO (MMJ): Oh, I want to include a little activity during our next show, but I'm having trouble deciding what to do...
Haruka: I see...
Haruka: Then, what if everyone tried on new looks?
KAITO (MMJ): New looks?
Haruka: Yes, we did something similar just the other day. We did our hair differently and tried wearing clothes that we wouldn't normally... People really enjoyed it.
Shizuku: And Airi dazzled us the most. She went from being cute to looking like such a mature lady.
KAITO (MMJ): Oh, really?! Now I wish I was there!
KAITO (MMJ): No, more importantly... Thank you for giving me such a wonderful idea!
KAITO (MMJ): Miku and the others are probably going to really enjoy this, so I'll start working on it!
Haruka: That's great! Oh, would it be alright if we came to see your show?
KAITO (MMJ): Of course! I hope you're looking forward to seeing how we transform.


4 2286:areatalk_ev_idol_17_004

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Airi: That shop's rice omelets were so good!
Minori: Yeah! The eggs were so fluffy and gooey that I thought my cheeks were going to melt!
Minori: Oh, Airi, you're really good at cooking. Can you make rice omelets like the ones we just had at home?
Airi: Dunno... I might be able to get the eggs right, but recreating the entire dish would also mean having to research how they made their sauce.
Minori: Research?
Airi: Yeah, it was ketchupy, but there was a distinct consommé flavor to it... There was also a sweetness to it I can't put my finger on.
Airi: I'll have to go again to learn more. Let's invite Haruka and Shizuku the next time we go!
Minori: Oh, we get to go again?! Hehe. I can't wait.


5 2287:areatalk_ev_idol_17_005

[Main Street]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Phew, what a deal. This beef was one pack per person at 80% off, but you being here meant I could get two. Thanks for tagging along, Haruka.
Haruka: No, I'm just glad that I could help. I'm sure your family's going to love...
Haruka: Oh no! Airi, watch out!
Airi: Huh?! Whoa!
Haruka: Phew... Sorry for yanking you so hard, but that bicycle came out of nowhere. Are you hurt anywhere, Airi?
Haruka: Airi?
Airi: No, I'm fine... Still, how is it that you and Shizuku are able to pull that off so casually...
Haruka: Huh?
Airi: Never mind... Anyway, let's go!


6 2300:areatalk_monthly2406_003

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Minori Hanasato)

Minori: Hmm... This flower pattern's really cute, but so is this orange one...! I can't decide!
Saki: You can take your time, Minori♪
Minori: Thanks, Saki...! Still, sorry for making you help me pick out an apron for our cooking streams like this.
Saki: That's totally fine! I was already here shopping anyway, so I actually feel really lucky that I ran into you!
Saki: Now, more importantly... One that you fasten with a bow would be better since it'd be dainty and cute!
Saki: Plus, tying it around your waist should create a more striking silhouette!
Minori: Wow, you're right! Then, one that you can fasten with a bow... Oh, what about this one with sunflowers on it?
Saki: Yeah, you'd look great in that! Try it on! Try it on!


7 2301:areatalk_monthly2406_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shizuku Hinomori)

Honami: Shizuku? What are you doing here?
Shizuku: Oh, Honami. I was just watching the birds.
Honami: Birds? Oh, them...? The ones in the corner of that flower bed?
Shizuku: It seems to be their favorite spot. I like to check in on them from time to time. I can set my mind at ease now I know that they're doing well.
Honami: I see... I start checking on them too whenever I'm on duty for the cleanup committee.
Shizuku: Hehe. Then, let's keep an eye on them together.
Honami: Okay! I have another fun thing to look forward to now.


8 2302:areatalk_monthly2406_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato)

Minori: Here, Shiho, this is for you!
Shiho: For me?
Minori: Yup! I saw these while we were on location the other day, and I thought they were just too cute...! Oh, open it! Open it!
Shiho: They're...financiers shaped like rabbits?
Minori: Hehe. I knew that you'd love them!
Minori: Just look at their little ears and eyes! Aren't they adorable?
Shiho: (They are, but so is the fluffy texture and the way their noses and bottoms have been baked extra golden brown... Wow...)
Shiho: Thanks, Minori. I promise to treasure these.
Minori: Huh? Uhh, Shiho...? You will eat them, right...?


