1 2243:areatalk_ev_band_17_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Oh, I almost forgot. I need to return those books to the library today.
Shiho: Oh, what did you borrow?
Ichika: Umm... These.
Saki: What?! Three regular dictionaries and two English-to-Japanese dictionaries...? Why so many?
Ichika: I'm actually trying to learn how to write better lyrics.
Ichika: Whenever I'm working on some lyrics, I always find myself in a situation where I can't find the right word.
Ichika: So, I'm trying to expand my vocabulary by reading dictionaries.
Honami: I see... You're like a diligent researcher, Ichika.
Honami: Also, reading all these dictionaries might help boost your scores in Japanese and English.
Ichika: Huh...?
Shiho: I don't know about that... Well, what do you think?
Ichika: Oh, if this is going to help me with school...? It doesn't feel that way so far...
Honami: Oh... I-I'm sorry. Anyway, let's head over to the library...!


2 2244:areatalk_ev_band_17_002

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Ichika: I didn't realize there were so many different types of strings for tennis rackets.
Saki: Yeah, they're made of different materials and come in all sorts of thicknesses. Some make it easier to put spin on the ball, while others let you really drive it.
Saki: Plus, when you hit a ball, they all feel and come off the racket in totally different ways...! Also, how they sound! Some give off a thud, while others make a quick whoosh!
Ichika: They sound different...? Now that you mention it, when you were picking out strings at that shop, Saki, I thought they were similar to stringed instruments...
Saki: Oh, I knew it! I had a feeling that you were thinking about guitar strings that time!
Saki: Also, I bet you wanna go to the shop to browse for some new strings for yours. So, am I right...?
Ichika: Correct... Was it that obvious...?
Saki: Heh heh. I can see right through you, Ichi♪ Anyway, let's go!


3 2245:areatalk_ev_band_17_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: Um, Saki...? Why have you been following me all this time...?
Saki: No, you noticed! I thought I was tailing you perfectly...!
Honami: So, I'm pretty sure you've been following me around since I was cleaning up the gym's storeroom. I was sort of waiting for you to come talk to me...
Saki: Hehe. The thing is, I was observing how you fulfilled your duties as a member of the cleanup committee! To make sure you weren't slacking off or anything, you know?
Honami: Oh, I see. How did I do? I don't recall ever slacking off...
Saki: Alright, let me give you your score! Hona, you get... A perfect 100!
Saki: Not only did you sweep everything up super fast, you cleaned out the garbage like a total pro... I thought that was really cool! Nice work, Hona!
Honami: Hehe. It's nice to have my work recognized. I promise to keep doing my best to receive more perfect scores.


4 2246:areatalk_ev_band_17_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, MEIKO)

MEIKO (Ln): Shiho, do you ever mix drinks for your live house attendees...?
Shiho: Yeah, sometimes.
MEIKO (Ln): I didn't know that. But I think you'd make for a really cool-looking bartender.
Saki: Oh, yeah! I can totally see her shaking up a drink like a pro and nonchalantly serving it like it's no big deal!
Shiho: What are you two talking about...? I serve them like everyone else.
Saki: What?! That seems like such a waste. You should at least give like a wink and a smile or something...
Shiho: It's not really a good idea for the staff to try to steal the spotlight since it belongs to the band that's performing.
MEIKO (Ln): You're so professional. I think that's really cool...
Saki: Yeah! Super cool... I'm sorry for making such a weird statement, Shiho!
Shiho: I'm not trying to act cool or anything, but I'm glad you both understand now...


5 2247:areatalk_ev_band_17_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Miku (Ln): Phew... It's nice to have a jam session like this every once in a while.
MEIKO (Ln): These are always fun since we're basically conversing through music. It's so easy to tell what the other person's feeling. For example, Luka, you seem to be in a good mood today...
Luka (Ln): Oh, me?
MEIKO (Ln): I can't really say otherwise considering how happy you seemed while we were playing just now. Did something good happen?
Luka (Ln): Not exactly... But I did get to play with KAITO just a second ago.
Luka (Ln): It's like his instrument does all the talking for him, you know...? In that sense, he's a wonderful playing partner. Maybe that's why I'm in such a good mood.
Miku & MEIKO: Aha...
MEIKO (Ln): I see. If he got you going, that proves KAITO's nothing to sneeze at.
Miku (Ln): But it's not fair for him to have all the fun. So, how about another session...?
MEIKO (Ln): Agreed. Now it's our turn to get you going, Luka.
Luka (Ln): Hehe. Lead the way for me, you two.


6 2273:areatalk_monthly2405_001

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kagamine Len)

Len (Ln): Oh, did you just come up with that song?
Saki: Yup! I got really excited about the snack party we're gonna have later and decided to play something♪
Len (Ln): Yeah, it did sound really fun. I thought it represented your excitement really well.
Saki: You think so? Then, next, I think I'll try to make it sound even more fun!
Len (Ln): Okay! In that case, let me play along with you.
Saki: Oh, are we having a jam session now?! Do you think you can keep up with me, Len?
Len (Ln): Don't worry. I'll get in perfect sync with you.


7 2277:areatalk_monthly2405_005

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: This might sound silly since we're both on our way back from school, but running into each other while in our uniforms feels so fun and new for some reason!
Saki: Right?! And you've figured out such a cute look for yourself, Mizuki!
Mizuki: Thanks! I really love your style too, Saki! I didn't think you'd be allowed to wear your uniform like that since the rules at Miya Girls seem pretty strict.
Saki: Yeah, the rules are kinda strict, but anything's okay as long as you stay within the lines! I mean, things are way more fun when you get to go with your own look!
Mizuki: I know exactly what you mean! Whenever I really don't feel like going to school, I psych myself up by putting on one of my favorite accessories.
Saki: Oh, Mizuki, thank you! I knew you'd understand!
Saki: Hey, are you free after this? Wanna hit up a cafe together? It'd be great if we could talk some more!
Mizuki: Yeah, totally! Actually, there's a place I really like nearby. Let's go there!
Saki: It's a date! Hehe. Featuring our uniforms♪


8 2298:areatalk_monthly2406_001

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Kagamine Len)

Ichika: Oh, Len. Rin asked me to bring over the next book in the manga series she's been reading. Do you happen to know where she is?
Len (Ln): Yeah, she told me about an hour ago that she'd be taking a nap. She should be back from the nurse's office soon.
Len (Ln): More importantly, that's that series about a band, right? I've also been wondering what happens next.
Ichika: You have?
Len (Ln): Yeah, Rin said that I really needed to read it, and I couldn't stop once I started. Worst of all, the last chapter I read ended with a cliffhanger...
Ichika: Then, why don't I give this to you for now? You can hand it to Rin once you're done.
Len (Ln): No, that's okay... I wouldn't hear the end of it from Rin if I did that.
Len (Ln): So, I'll just wait until she's had a chance to read it. Anyway, thanks, Ichika. I'll be sure to give this to her...
Ichika: (Hehe. Len's such a kind person.)


9 2299:areatalk_monthly2406_002

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Luka (Ln): Huh? Shiho? I was wondering why things were so quiet. Are you doing your homework?
Shiho: Yes, I was. We have guests over at my house right now, so I decided to go somewhere quiet to work on this.
Shiho: But... that was a big mistake. Being surrounded by instruments like this makes me want to play something.
Luka (Ln): Hehe. It's so like you to say that. Then, how about this?
Luka (Ln): For every ten problems you solve, we'll do one song. That should make doing your homework more fun, no?
Shiho: So, you're going to stay here while I do my homework?
Luka (Ln): Yes, that's right. Not only will it solve your problem, but we'll also get to play some music together.
Shiho: Thank you... In that case, I'll try to get these problems out of the way so that we get to play as soon as possible.


