1 11:areatalk02_129

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Thanks for coming shopping with me today, Kanade♪
Kanade: Um... We just sort of ran into each other. I didn't expect to end up carrying your bags...
Mizuki: Hahaha. Sorry about that. One of my favorite shops was having a time-limited sale.
Mizuki: But here! I bought this barrette for you as a thank you! You just snap it on, so it's super easy to use.
Kanade: No, thanks. Too much hassle.
Mizuki: Oh, come on! It snaps right on! You don't even have to braid your hair or anything!


2 12:areatalk02_130

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Mafuyu? Doing a little shopping?
Mafuyu: Yeah, I'm here with my mom. What about you?
Ena: Same here. I'm trying to find my brother, though. He's supposed to be holding the bags.
Mafuyu: Hehe. It's nice your whole family gets along.
Ena: Yeah... I thought you said your Mom was...
Ena: (Actually, maybe I should leave that one alone.)


3 13:areatalk02_131

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Oh? Is that Mr. Kamishiro I see?
Rui: Well, if it isn't Mizuki. Doing some shopping?
Mizuki: Yep! You too?
Rui: Hehehe...
Mizuki: You're planning on making a scene again, aren't you? Mind if I watch?
Rui: You don't have to say it like that. However, I never turn away an audience.


4 14:areatalk02_132

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: I didn't know there was a general store here. Hm?
Shizuku: Airi, look at this pen. It gives off a scent when you write.
Airi: Huh. They make all sorts of pens, don't they?
Shizuku: How interesting. Oh, I know. I'll write something on my hands. That way they'll smell nice all day.
Airi: Just use some hand cream if you want to do that!


5 15:areatalk02_133

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Emu Otori, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Oh, this dress is super cute! So much lace. And I just love this gathered style!
Emu: Wow! This is so cute!
Mizuki: Hm?
Emu: The skirt is so fluffy! I bet it would really pop out if you twirled in it!
Mizuki: What is that?! How cute! Hm... If that girl is into clothing like that, I bet she's super interesting!
Mizuki: Hey, you there.
Emu: Hwah?


6 16:areatalk02_134

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: It's not very often that you invite me somewhere. So what's this campaign that you mentioned?
Nene: The uneven discount.
Nene: There's a movie I want to see that starts today, and the bigger the height difference between you and your buddy, the bigger the discount you get.
Rui: Huh, I've never heard of such a program before.
Rui: Very well. I'm always interested in new endeavors such as this. Let's get going then, shall we?


7 17:areatalk02_135

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: Hey, you know that new high-rise near the station? Apparently they're looking for musicians in the area to put on a grand opening event.
Toya: I take it they asked us to come?
Akito: Yeah. Just one thing, though. They're doing it on the observation deck. I think they said it was a few hundred meters up.
Toya: No... There's absolutely no way I'm singing up there.
Akito: I thought so. You can barely handle a pedestrian bridge over the road. Oh well, I'll tell them no.


8 18:areatalk02_136

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Saki: Ichi, you got your guitar from your dad, right?
Ichika: Yeah. Apparently he used to write his own music, lyrics and all.
Saki: Cool! What kind of songs were they? Have you listened to any of them?
Ichika: I asked, but he wouldn't tell me. I think he's too embarrassed for people to learn about his past self.
Saki: His past self...
Saki: Oh, that reminds me! You got really embarrassed back in elementary school when all of us saw your lyric notebook!
Ichika: H-Hey! Is it really necessary to go bringing that up?


9 19:areatalk02_137

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: I remember you being pretty good at instruments other than the drums back in middle school. Why'd you decide to stick with them?
Honami: Well, I remember hearing that it helps everyone else play better when there's a stable rhythm to follow.
Honami: But I have to admit. Part of the reason was because they seemed the coolest...
Shiho: That's fine. I don't see anything wrong with that.


10 20:areatalk02_138

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Whoa, it's Kanade! You're actually outside!
Kanade: There's a song I really wanted to listen to.
Mizuki: Oh? I figured you just downloaded all your music.
Kanade: I usually do, but there's something wrong with my connection today, and I couldn't wait.
Mizuki: Since you're out and about, let's go grab some tea!
Kanade: I don't know...
Mizuki: You should eat something other than instant noodles once in a while, too! C'mon♪


11 21:areatalk02_139

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, isn't that Mafuyu over there? What's that giant tube thing she's carrying?
Mafuyu: Mizuki?
Mizuki: Hey! Fancy meeting you here! What's with the giant tube?
Mafuyu: This is my archery equipment. I'm on my way to a practice match for my club.
Mizuki: Really?! Archery looks so cool! I've always wanted to try.
Mafuyu: Hehe. Why don't you, then? Just be aware that your left arm is going to get covered in bruises.
Mizuki: Y-Yikes. You make it sound kinda scary...


12 22:areatalk02_140

[Music Shop]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Hm... This doesn't help, either...
Mafuyu: Ena? What are you doing here?
Ena: Whoa! Mafuyu?! You surprised me. I didn't expect to run into anyone here.
Ena: I was looking at CD covers to see if I could get some inspiration for my illustrations.
Mafuyu: I see. Working hard, I see. Well, good luck then.
Ena: Huh? You're leaving just like that?! You were the one who came up to say hi! Hey, get back here, Mafuyu!


13 23:areatalk02_141

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena & Mizuki: Hey!
Mizuki: Isn't that bag from the new shop that just opened today?!
Ena: And yours is from that temporary New York pop-up shop!
Mizuki: Hehe. Ena, you know what you've got to do if you want to see what's inside.
Ena: Right back at you. Now you go first.
Ena & Mizuki: Hrgg...


14 24:areatalk02_142

[Music Shop]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Oh, here it is! This is the limited first edition I was looking for!
Mafuyu: An anime theme song CD?
Mizuki: Yeah! It includes the opening and ending videos without the credits covering them up!
Mizuki: The production quality is so good that I wanted to be able to watch the unobstructed versions.
Mafuyu: You sure get excited about things you like, don't you?
Mizuki: I'm sure you'll get there one of these days, too. You've just got to start by finding something that makes you think, I like this!


15 25:areatalk02_103

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Honami: Oh, that dress is so cute.
Shiho: I didn't know you liked this kind of casual outfit.
Honami: I do, but I can never find a good one. They always end up making me look like a mom...
Shiho: Why don't you try it on?
Honami: What? You don't mind?
Shiho: Go ahead. I bet it would look good on you.
Honami: Okay! Thanks, Shiho!


16 26:areatalk02_007

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: Hey, something happen today?
Toya: No, not really...
Akito: Not very convincing with that scowl on your face. Spit it out already.
Toya: Things were a bit tense with my dad this morning, so I skipped breakfast to avoid getting into an argument.
Akito: Ah, that would explain it. How about we grab something to eat at that cafe before we head in?
Toya: I'd appreciate that.


17 27:areatalk02_008

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: How has Robo-nene been lately? Any problems?
Nene: A bit stiff, actually. The left arm keeps getting stuck.
Rui: I see. Give me ten seconds.
Nene: Sure.
Rui: There, tell me how that feels.
Nene: Much smoother.
Rui: Hehehe. Almost like magic, wouldn't you say?
Nene: Not exactly. All you did was add a little oil.


18 28:areatalk02_009

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: Oh, there you are! Sorry for the wait, Kohane.
Kohane: Hmhmhmmmm〜♪
An: Hehe, she must be listening to a really good song. Kohane! I'm here!
Kohane: Wah! Oh, An! S-Sorry, I kind of spaced out there for a bit.
An: I'm the one who should apologize for making you wait. So what were you listening to?
Kohane: Oh, it's Miku's new single. W-Would you like to hear it?
An: Really? Sure, we can listen together. Let me borrow one of your ear buds.


19 29:areatalk02_023

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: Oh, they have a dedicated ASRUN display.
Minori: You're right! They've got everything from their first single up to the latest albums. Oh, look! Here's a spot dedicated just to you, Haruka!
Haruka: Is it really necessary to continue to stock all this?
Minori: It just means you've still got lots of fans out there. I'm sure they'll all be thrilled when Haruka the idol makes her big return!
Haruka: I suppose so. I hope I can bring a smile to all their faces again.


20 30:areatalk02_037

[Music Shop]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Oh, that concert DVD. Is that...?
Shizuku: Yes, it's one of the girls who started with us. I was surprised to learn she's already doing shows this big.
Airi: You make it sound so extraordinary. We'll play there one day too, you know.
Airi: No, we're going to be performing on stages even bigger than this one!
Shizuku: Hehehe. You're right. The four of us are going all the way.


21 31:areatalk02_039

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Emu: If we could get all the people walking by to come to the show, we'd have a straight flush!
Tsukasa: I think you mean a full house.
Tsukasa: And while that would be nice, how do you propose we do that? Flyers? Or maybe a small promotional performance to bring attention to the show?
Emu: Hehehe. I have a better plan. We dig a tunnel that leads straight to the stage!
Tsukasa: I see. Having a tunnel would certainly help people find the...
Tsukasa: Hold on! We can't dig a tunnel!


22 32:areatalk02_040

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Tsukasa: Rui is busy so he can't make it. He asked me to come help you move some stage props.
Tsukasa: This is a lot of big boxes, though. What did you guys buy?
Emu: Oh, that's a hundred bottles of soap! They smell really good, too. Isn't that great, Tsukasa? This will make for such a fun performance!
Tsukasa: H-Hold on a minute! Exactly what kind of show are you planning?!


23 33:areatalk02_060

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: What's that? A taiyaki parfait?
Emu: Did you say taiyaki parfait?! Where?!
Nene: On the sign over there. Huh. It looks like they have taiyaki filled with things like cream and fruit instead of the regular bean paste.
Nene: Huh? Emu? Where'd she go?
Emu: Excuse me! Me and my friend over there will both take a taiyaki parfait!
Nene: Whoa, she's so fast!


24 34:areatalk02_070

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

Kohane: Yawn...
An: It's not very often I see you yawning. Did you have trouble sleeping last night?
Kohane: Yeah... I started listening to those CDs you lent me and before I knew it, it was already morning.
An: What?! Don't tell me you listened to them all in one night! There were like twenty of them!
Kohane: Huh? Well, yeah. They were all so good.
An: Hahaha! I guess even you do stuff like that.


25 35:areatalk02_100

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Ichika: I hate how every time I go to look at any clothes, the staff always start asking me what I'm looking for...
Saki: Really? I like it when they do that. They always help me find something cute!
Ichika: Well, I suppose finding something that looks good on yourself can be a bit tough. Having another person to give their opinion would be helpful...
Saki: Oh! That sounds like you want me to pick something out for you!
Saki: In that case, let's go! Oh, look at these tops! I bet these would look great on you!
Ichika: S-Saki, slow down! You don't need to pull!


26 36:areatalk03_001

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: Hey, look! They're doing a candy crane game over there! It looks like fun!
Ichika: You're right. I haven't seen one of those in ages.
Honami: Aren't they usually for the younger kids, though? Yeah, it says so right there.
Saki: I guess that makes sense. Oh well...
Saki: How about we go to the arcade, then? They have a candy crane game!
Ichika: Oh, that's right. We used to do that all the time.
Honami: I remember Saki would always cry when she didn't get the candy she wanted. There was even the one time an employee felt so bad for her that he gave...
Saki: H-Hey! You don't have to bring that up!


27 37:areatalk03_002

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: I don't think I've ever seen this rock band before. Have you heard of them, Shiho?
Shiho: Just the name. They're more pop rock. That's not really my thing.
Saki: Pop rock?
Shiho: You've heard of hard rock and punk rock, right? Rock has a lot of different subgenres. Do a search and you'll find a whole bunch.
Saki: Really?! I've got to look this up! Where's my phone?!
Saki: Oh, wow! Let's see... Progressive rock, art rock, alternative rock...
Ichika: I can't really tell what these are just from their names, though. I'll have to watch some music videos later.


28 40:areatalk03_062

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Ngh... I can't believe I'm going shopping with Shizuku and Airi! I-I'm so nervous!
Airi: You're still not over that? We're just a couple friends out shopping.
Shizuku: Oh, I have an idea. What if we wore disguises?
Airi: What? Why?
Shizuku: That way Minori wouldn't be thinking about the fact that it's us with her and she wouldn't be so nervous.
Minori: Um... That works, I guess.
Airi: Don't pretend like that makes sense!
Airi: And you, Shizuku! Stop making dumb jokes! I don't even know how to respond to this one!


29 42:areatalk03_077

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Haruka: Do you mind if we stop by that shop later? It looks like they have some penguin merch.
Airi: Which shop? You mean the one up there?! How did you even see that from here?
Shizuku: I know how it is. Your eyes are just naturally drawn to the things you like when they're nearby.
Haruka: That sounds right. Does that happen to you as well, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Hehe. That's how it is whenever my little sister is near.
Airi: That might explain why she thinks you're so clingy.
Shizuku: What? N-No, I don't think that's true...


30 45:areatalk03_121

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: The three of you all go to Kamiyama High, right? What are you like at school?
Akito: Uh...the same as always.
An: Yeah. Akito and Toya are always together. If you see one, the other is never far away.
Akito: Why do you have to make it sound like we're some kind of fast food happy meal?
An: I'm just telling it like it is. What's wrong with that?
Kohane: U-Um, what about you, An? What are you like at school?
An: I'm usually hanging out with other kids from my class. The one I get along with the best has a habit of just sort of showing up whenever they like, though.
An: What about you, Kohane? Tell me what you're like at school!


31 46:areatalk03_134

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, MEIKO)

Akito: Hey, MEIKO. Do you have a minute?
MEIKO: Oh, hello Akito. Kohane. I don't see the two of you together very often.
Kohane: An and Aoyagi both have committee duties, so they're still at school.
Akito: I figured I might as well kill some time until they get here, so I thought I'd show this one some different kinds of mics.
Akito: I'm sure you already know how each one has its own quirks that can make a song sound different, right?
MEIKO: And you'd like her to get a feel for the nuances, correct?
MEIKO: Got it! Give me a minute and I'll go grab some microphones that I think would make good examples.


32 47:areatalk03_166

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Hey, Kohane. You get that CD?
Kohane: Yeah! Sorry for making you come all this way with me.
Kohane: I know I could have just downloaded it, but it's kinda fun coming here to buy stuff.
Toya: I feel the same way. I come here quite often.
An: Me too! It's fun being able to pick up an actual object and listen to samples before buying something.
Kohane: Hehehe. I'm glad you both feel the same way.


33 48:areatalk03_179

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

An: MEIKO really is amazing, isn't she?
An: I just heard she personally sorts her own beans to make sure her coffee is always the best.
Toya: Really?
Len: What, is that a lot of work?
Toya: It is. That means she looks at each individual bean to judge things such as shape and freshness.
Len: Each individual bean? You mean she checks every single bean in that giant jar?!
An: That's what it sounds like. She must spend a lot of time and energy to make the perfect cup of coffee.
Toya: Indeed. I'll have to make sure to properly savor my coffee from now on.


34 49:areatalk03_180

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

Len: Akito, Toya, when do you think you can come visit next?
Toya: I'm not sure. We have tests coming up, so it may be a while.
Len: Oh, more tests?! You gonna be okay, Akito?
Akito: No problem. I'm feeling confident.
Toya: Confident in your ability to guess what will be on the test?
Len: Yikes, now I'm really worried.
Toya: I wish you would be even a fraction as serious about studying as you are about music.


35 51:areatalk03_197

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Hey! We should film a commercial of our own!
Nene: What? Where did that come from?
Rui: If I had to guess, I would say she probably got the idea from those men over there scouting for a filming location.
Nene: Oh, you're right. They are filming something. It doesn't look like it's for a commercial, though.
Emu: I know! We could have a bunch of people dressed in mascot costumes do a parade! What do you think?
Rui: A parade, huh? If we're doing that, we should probably have a float or two as well.
Nene: Are you actually on-board with her idea?
Rui: Of course. I would love to see all smiles and the surprised looks of people in the crowd.


36 59:areatalk02_179

[Music Shop]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Hey, this is your dad's band, isn't it?
Shizuku: Yes, I think so. I'd heard they did a reprint recently.
Airi: That's a famous band for you. I'm surprised there aren't more people who realize you're his daughter.
Shizuku: That's due to the fact he didn't use his real name and never really wanted to appear on TV music shows.
Shizuku: I think that's part of the reason I was able to just be myself, though. And I plan on continuing the same as I always have.


37 60:areatalk02_019

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Airi: This place always has the cutest accessories.
Minori: Do you come here often, Airi?
Airi: Yep. It's great for finding cute items at reasonable prices. See, look at this one. Isn't it cute? And check out the price...
Minori: Whoah! So cheap! I haven't even been paid yet, and I can still afford this! Oh, here's another really cute one! They have multiple colors, too!
Airi: Slow down! Just because they're cheap doesn't mean you can go crazy! You have to plan and be smart with your money!


38 61:areatalk02_025

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: What? You've never gone shopping at the mall before?!
Haruka: No... The only time I've ever been here is for events.
Airi: W-Well I've been here for work more often than I come for fun too! I think...
Haruka: (Is this some sort of competition?)


39 62:areatalk02_033

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Hey, Shizuku. Isn't this that shop where you were manager for a day?
Shizuku: Yes. We had quite a lot of people come that day. I remember having a hard time learning how to use the register.
Shizuku: I still use the tricks they taught me for how to fold clothes so they don't get wrinkled or bunch up too much, though.
Minori: Whoah, I wish I knew how to do that! Could you show me?!
Shizuku: Of course.


40 63:areatalk02_034

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Haruka, where do you usually buy your clothes?
Haruka: I used to have a stylist who would choose my outfits, but recently I've been doing a lot of online shopping.
Shizuku: Online shopping... I have a lot of trouble doing that.
Haruka: You do? I suppose not being able to pick up and look at the clothes yourself can be tough. Sometimes the actual item ends up being a bit different than you'd imagined, too...
Shizuku: The last time I tried, I couldn't figure out how to go back to the screen I was on before and ended up buying some things I don't remember clicking on.
Haruka: Oh, so that's what you meant...


41 64:areatalk02_035

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

Tsukasa: Wait, what?! This musical already started?!
Nene: Huh? It opened last week. How do you not know that?
Tsukasa: Grk! I've been busy! Even I forget things sometimes!
Nene: If you're too busy, then how about I tell you what happens? After the main hero gets—
Tsukasa: Wh-What?! Nooo! Stop! No spoilers!


42 65:areatalk02_044

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: I just got paid today, so this is on me. Saki, go ahead and choose whatever sweets you want from this shelf.
Saki: These are all the cheap ones.
Saki: In that case... I'll take this!
Tsukasa: What?! An entire box?!
Saki: Hehehe. This will do! Thanks, big brother♪


43 66:areatalk02_056

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

Tsukasa: Oh, Nene! Have you come to purchase the limited edition mint chocolate popcorn as well?
Tsukasa: Oh, don't get the wrong idea. I have no taste for sweets. I'm simply here at the request of my dear sister!
Nene: I didn't say a thing. More importantly, are you saying that some people actually prefer sweets that taste like toothpaste?
Tsukasa: Hold on, I really do have a little sister! That much is true, at least!


44 67:areatalk02_084

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Why did they go with a well-style atrium?
Akito: Probably so the place looks bigger than it actually is.
Toya: They could have at least made the railing opaque instead of using transparent glass. There's no need for people to see all the way to the bottom.
Akito: If you're scared, then stop looking down.


45 68:areatalk02_021

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi)

Haruka: It still makes me a little nervous to be in places with so many people like this.
An: Every time we get together, people recognize you right away and things end up getting a little crazy. I think it's because you never hide your stage presence.
Haruka: Stage presence? I'm not doing it on purpose, so how would I hide it?
An: Hahaha. If you don't even realize it yourself, there's not much you can do. You've just naturally stood out ever since elementary school.
Haruka: I don't think you have much room to talk. You're the one who always stood out whenever we had any sort of school event.


46 69:areatalk02_022

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Haruka: Airi, what do you usually do for a disguise when you go out?
Airi: Sunglasses and a hat, I guess. Sometimes I'll wear a mask, too. That's usually enough. What about you?
Haruka: I usually just put on some glasses. I feel like I get recognized less if I don't stand out.
Airi: Really?! I can't believe that works!
Haruka: Well, I still get recognized sometimes. But if I'm going to get recognized, it's less embarrassing if I'm not obviously wearing a disguise.
Airi: Well, when you put it that way... Now I'm starting to get embarrassed about my elaborate disguises!


47 70:areatalk02_041

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Well, this is no good. I can't seem to find anywhere to book for my next guerilla gig.
Tsukasa: Is that so? Rui, you agree to give me the starring role in your performance and I'll find you the perfect location!
Rui: Really? That would be a huge help. Here, anywhere within this area on the map works, as long as they're open from 5:00AM.
Tsukasa: Hahaha! Leave it to—wait, did you say 5:00AM?
Rui: Thanks, Tsukasa. You're a lifesaver. Hehehe.


48 71:areatalk02_054

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: You want to upgrade Robo-Nene?
Nene: Yeah. Something to make it easier to move through big crowds like this.
Rui: Hm... It's going to be difficult to further improve the mobility that it already has.
Rui: I've got it! How about approaching this from a different angle and getting the crowd to avoid the robot?!
Nene: Y-You know, never mind. ...I've got a bad feeling about this.


49 72:areatalk02_066

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Hehehe...
Akito: What's with the guy surrounded with all the robots and drones? He looks kind of familiar...
Rui: Oh, hello there.
Akito: Ack! You're a junior at the same school as me!
Akito: (I gotta get out of here before it's too late! No way I want to end up like Tsukasa.)


50 73:areatalk02_068

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: Um, do you guys ever get nervous singing in places like Vivid Street?
Akito: Not really. The atmosphere is different than a live house, but being able to call out to the crowd is fun.
Kohane: I-I see...
Akito: I think the biggest difference between us is how many shows we've done. You just need to focus on getting more experience first.
Kohane: R-Right!


51 74:areatalk02_073

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: Oh, hey! That guy over there is singing one of my dad's old songs!
Kohane: Really? I can barely hear it. How can you tell?
An: Hahaha. I've probably heard it a few hundred times. I'd recognize it anywhere.
Kohane: Hehe. You really love your dad, don't you?
An: Wh-What? I'm talking about my dad's music, not my dad.


52 75:areatalk02_080

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Hey, stop acting so shy. Look up while you're walking.
Kohane: I-I want to, but there are so many people. I'm worried I'm might bump into someone.
Akito: My school has this wacko who likes to walk around drawing attention to himself by making random poses. Compared to him, you barely stand out at all, so stop worrying so much.
Kohane: Th-There are people like that? Maybe I should ask him for some tips on how to be more confident.
Akito: That's my bad for even mentioning him. Stay as far away from that guy as you can.


53 76:areatalk02_087

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: Aoyagi! Thank goodness you're so tall. It makes it so easy to spot you in big crowds like this.
Kohane: An and I kind of get swallowed up, so it's always hard to find each other.
Toya: Finding people in crowds... That reminds me of these picture books I used to read as a child.
Kohane: Oh, you mean the ones where every page is covered in people and you're supposed to find the main character?
Toya: Yeah. I had a friend at school who was a year older who would always help me.
Kohane: Hehe. I remember my dad used to help me. Those were a lot of fun.


54 77:areatalk02_093

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma)

Toya: How is your family doing, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: They're doing great. Saki is even going to school again.
Tsukasa: How's family life on your end? Have you made any progress?
Toya: Still the same as usual...
Tsukasa: I see. Well, feel free to ask me if you ever need anything! I'm always here to help!
Toya: I will. Thank you.


55 78:areatalk02_011

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Airi, you've been up on stage in stores like this one before, right?
Airi: Yeah, way back for the release of our first single. Hehe. I still remember it.
Minori: Your first promotional performance must be really special then, huh?
Airi: Yeah. For us, it was the first time we performed in front of an audience, too.
Airi: Everyone's standing right in front of you, so there's not really enough room for a fancy performance, but that also means there's no chance of faking it if you make a mistake.
Airi: I was really nervous at first, but seeing the smiles on everyone's faces helped me relax and really have fun.
Minori: That's sounds great. I hope MORE MORE JUMP! gets to do a promotional performance someday, too.


56 79:areatalk02_012

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Oh, look. There's a Cheerful*Days poster.
Shizuku: That must be the new one to show off their new lead singer.
Minori: U-Um, Shizuku...?
Shizuku: It's all right. There's no need to make that face. I know I caused them a lot of trouble by leaving so suddenly, but I don't regret a thing.
Shizuku: Now it's time for the four of us to do our best so we can hold our heads high as idols.
Minori: Right!


57 80:areatalk02_020

[Music Shop]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: This group has been getting a lot of attention lately. Wow, their dancing is so intense.
Haruka: Their voices don't seem to be strained at all, either. They must do a lot of stamina training.
Shizuku: You're right. We could learn a lot from them. Hm? Haruka?
Haruka: Minori's singing has been improving a lot lately. Perhaps we should try focusing more on strength training as a group and start raising the bar.
Shizuku: Hehe. Haruka's already making plans.


58 81:areatalk02_049

[Music Shop]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: (Oh, the event calendar's been updated. Looks like the stage group is putting on a new short play. Sounds interesting.)
Emu: Oh, there's a play next week! Hehe! This'll be fun, won't it?
Nene: Huh? Why would you assume I'm going? And even if I was, who says we'd go together?
Emu: Gonna see a play♪ See a play♪ Doo doo doo♪
Nene: She's not even listening...


59 82:areatalk02_071

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: Oh, there's another poster for that group again. I've been seeing them a lot lately.
Toya: Oh, the one with the two MCs, a DJ, and a mascot?
Kohane: You know about them? Their music and vocals are really cool. Even their mascot's performances are great.
Toya: I hear the person in the costume is a really good solo singer as well.
Kohane: Really? I've never heard them sing before. What are they like?
Toya: You should ask Akito. He's a big fan of that group.


60 83:areatalk02_074

[Music Shop]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

An: Hey, how do you usually go about choosing a record?
Akito: Oh, I usually buy them based on the cover.
Akito: The kind of music I like tends to have similar artwork.
An: Yikes, I actually get that...
Akito: Hey, you don't have to look so disgusted when you say that. I don't want to be like you, either.


61 84:areatalk02_077

[Music Shop]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Huh, this singer is blending classical music with rap.
An: You want to listen, Toya? I'd be curious to hear what someone who used to do classical music thinks of it.
Toya: Classical with rap? I admit, I'm a little curious myself.


62 85:areatalk02_081

[Music Shop]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Oh, I've performed with this guy before. I didn't realize he'd debuted.
An: You sure know a lot of people.
Akito: You're one to talk.
Akito: You've got all kinds of connections, especially with all your dad's old friends.
An: I guess. I didn't meet any of them on my own, though, so they don't really count.


63 86:areatalk02_088

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Hm? Is it just you?
Kohane: Oh, An said she had an errand to run for her dad, so she's going to be late.
Toya: I see. Akito said he got hung up at work as well.
Kohane: Is that so? I hope they both finish soon...
Toya: I'm sure they'd let us know if they couldn't make it. All we can do now is wait.


64 87:areatalk02_090

[Music Shop]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Hey, I found one of my dad's CDs! I didn't know they still sold them.
An: Hehe, I haven't heard this one in a while. I remember spending my allowance to get it.
Toya: You bought your own dad's music?
An: Haha. I listened to it all the time. I'd sing it a lot, too.
Toya: You don't anymore?
An: What?! N-No way! That would be way too embarrassing...


65 88:areatalk02_112

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

Saki: Tsukasa, look. These facial masks make you look like a panda! How cute!
Tsukasa: You're right. These look even cuter than the panda mascots we have at Wonder Stage.
Tsukasa: Hyah!
Saki: Tsukasa? Why are you looking around like that?
Tsukasa: I-It's nothing. Those guys can be scary, so I just have to be careful what I say.


66 89:areatalk02_115

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: Sorry for the wait! That took a bit longer than I expected.
Ichika: Whoa, that's a lot of stuff. What did you buy?
Honami: Cleaning supplies. It's about time to replace all the old stuff at home.
Ichika: I see. You really like cleaning, don't you?
Honami: Hehehe. It feels so good to organize a messy room and make it look nice.
Ichika: Maybe I should try giving my room a deep clean like you do.


67 90:areatalk02_116

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: I think this hair clip would look great on you!
Honami: It's so cute. Oh, but this is the kind you use to hold your hair in the back. I'm not sure I would ever find a time to use it.
Saki: I guess you do always tie yours off to the side, huh?
Honami: Yeah. It's easier for me to use a scrunchie.
Saki: I still think it would be really cute. Do you mind if I see what it would look like?
Honami: Hehe. Sure.


68 91:areatalk02_123

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Shiho, do you ever wear any frilly outfits? I think you would look good in a nice, flowy skirt
Shiho: They make it hard to move and you have to be careful when you wash them, so no.
Saki: That's not a problem! A lot of skirts are made out of elastic materials now, so they're really easy to wash!
Shiho: That may be, but I'd rather choose my own outfits, thanks.
Saki: Oh... That's too bad...
Shiho: (Shizuku said the same thing not too long ago. Why does everyone try to dress me up in cutesy clothes?)


69 93:areatalk02_165

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Hey, that shop sells traditional Japanese sweets. I've got to stop on the way home!
Minori: Oh, that's right. I forgot you really like Japanese sweets. I remember you talking about it on TV!
Airi: You remember that? They change with the season and always look so cute. And their taste just speaks for itself!
Minori: I think you also mentioned something about eating so much that you gained a bunch of—
Airi: Y-You don't always have to remember every detail!


70 94:areatalk02_167

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Let's see. We're supposed to be meeting Airi and the others around here somewhere. Oh, this way.
Minori: Wait, Shizuku! That's the wrong way!
Minori: (We just came from that direction...)
Shizuku: Oh no... I'm sorry.
Shizuku: Whenever I go into a shop, I always get turned around and can't remember which way I came from.
Minori: (Airi told me she was bad with directions, but this... I'm not going to be able to take my eyes off her!)


71 95:areatalk02_195

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Emu: Tsukasa, the new stage props will be here soon. Can you help me set them up?
Tsukasa: Oh, the ones you and Rui were working on? What exactly are they?
Emu: Well, let's see. There's the chain we're using to hang you up, the big sword for stabbing you, and then there's—
Tsukasa: Whoa, whoa, whoa! I didn't hear anything about being hung up or stabbed!
Emu: Yeah! Rui wanted it to be a surprise.
Tsukasa: That guy! Rui! Rui, where are you?!


72 96:areatalk02_106

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: There's someone playing bass over there. What do you call that style again? Slapping?
Shiho: Yeah. For such a fast rhythm, they actually sound really smooth. They're pretty good.
Ichika: If you're complimenting them, they must be.
Ichika: I wish I had as much control over my guitar while I was playing. I still have a long way to go.
Shiho: Picturing your playing in your mind is important. If you don't have a solid idea of how you want to sound, you'll never be able to play like that.


73 97:areatalk02_107

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Tsukasa Tenma)

Ichika: I wonder what that crowd is gathered for.
Tsukasa: Ha ha ha ha ha! Another commemorative photo? Very well!
Ichika: I know that laugh...
Tsukasa: Hm? Well if it isn't my little sister's friend! How would you like to take a commemorative photograph?
Ichika: N-No, thank you...
Ichika: (I thought that sounded like Tsukasa. Why is he surrounded by all these foreigners, though?)


74 98:areatalk02_118

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: Hona, your job is doing housework for people, isn't it? That's kind of unusual.
Honami: Yeah. I enjoy cooking and cleaning, though, so it's actually pretty fun.
Saki: That's good. So does that mean you go around to a bunch of different people's houses?
Honami: No. I'm only working at one location right now because I want to be able to focus on my studies and the band.
Saki: I see. Whoever gets to have you taking care of them must be so lucky. I want you to take care of me, too!
Honami: Oh, Saki, come on! The light's about to turn green. We need to go.


75 99:areatalk02_125

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: I'll take you to the nearest electronics store. You're looking for an air purifier, right?
Kanade: Yeah. I clean my room, but it still feels like the air is always filled with dust.
Mafuyu: Are you making sure to air the room out? Even opening the windows a little will make a big difference.
Kanade: The windows? I think I'll just stick with the air purifier.
Mafuyu: Is opening the windows really so bad?


76 100:areatalk02_143

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Kanade, you always start slurping your cup noodles as soon as the three minutes are up. Aren't they hot?
Kanade: It's never bothered me before.
Mizuki: That's crazy. I can't handle food when it's that hot.
Kanade: I think you just have to get used to it. If you had them for every meal like I do, I'm sure you'd be fine.
Mizuki: Every meal? I don't think I could do that...


77 101:areatalk02_154

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Hi, Mafuyu. Are you just now heading home? It's pretty late.
Mafuyu: Yeah. I'm in the archery club.
Ena: Oh, I remember Mizuki mentioning something about that. Why did you decide to join the archery club?
Mafuyu: Why? No reason. Someone asked me to join, so I did.
Ena: I thought you were supposed to put a little more thought into the club you join...


78 102:areatalk02_163

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: I went to that pancake place you told me about.
Mizuki: The one that serves the pancake tower? What did you think?
Ena: The pictures turned out great, but there's no way I could have eaten all that alone. I'm glad I took a friend.
Mizuki: What? You didn't go by yourself? Man, I was hoping to get you to eat too much so I could see what you'd look like with a few extra pounds.
Ena: Excuse me? That's why you recommended that place?! I thought it was so I could get a good picture!
Mizuki: Teehee☆


79 103:areatalk02_175

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

Saki: Hehee♪ Going to the arcade with Haruka♪
Haruka: I'm looking forward to it. I don't think I've been since I was in elementary school.
Saki: Photo booths and arcade games have changed a lot! I was so surprised the first time I went after getting out of the hospital.
Haruka: Photo booths, huh? Hehe. I can't wait to see how much they've changed.
Saki: Great! I still haven't tried all the different types, so let's try a bunch!


80 104:areatalk02_178

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Hey, look over there! That cat is cleaning itself! Isn't it so cute?
Haruka: Yeah... I wish I could see penguins around town like this.
Airi: I know how you must feel, but that would definitely cause a scene.
Haruka: Hehe. I suppose that's true.


81 105:areatalk02_190

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Are we really going to pass out flyers here? There are so many people...
Tsukasa: There'd be no point handing them out if there weren't.
Nene: Fine... So where are Rui and Emu?
Tsukasa: Dunno. They went off on their own with some equipment as soon as they got here. Hm? What's all that noise? Don't tell me it's them!
Nene: It looks that way. Maybe we'd best get out of here before we get dragged into whatever it is they're doing.


82 106:areatalk02_102

[Music Shop]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Honami: What kind of stuff do you do working at a live house?
Shiho: I usually work reception and other odd jobs. Sometimes they ask me to stand in as a bass player.
Honami: Isn't it hard to match your playing to people you've never practiced with before?
Shiho: It usually works out all right. Trying to match my pace with new people is actually kind of fun.
Honami: Hehe. That actually sounds exactly like something you would like.


83 107:areatalk02_104

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: Wow, I didn't realize Miku had so many songs.
Honami: Do you have any recommendations?
Ichika: How about this one? All the songs on this album were written with the same theme.
Honami: That sounds interesting! I'll give it a listen.
Honami: Hehe. If I ever have a question about Miku, I know exactly who to ask.
Ichika: Thanks. Let me know if there's anything else you're curious about. If I have it, you're welcome to borrow it.


84 108:areatalk02_105

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: We have studio practice tomorrow, right? It's been a while. I'm looking forward to it.
Shiho: Don't forget these sessions are important to make sure we're playing as a solid unit.
Ichika: Hehe. I won't.
Shiho: What's with the smile?
Ichika: I was just thinking how it's nice that you're always thinking about the band.
Shiho: Of course I am. If we're doing this, we're gonna do it right. No slacking allowed.


85 109:areatalk02_111

[Music Shop]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Shiho, what kind of music do you listen to that isn't rock?
Shiho: I've been listening to a lot of Miku songs lately. Since they're written by so many different people, it gives me a chance to listen to stuff I normally wouldn't. Like this...
Saki: Oh, isn't that the album Ichi recommended?
Shiho: Yeah. I feel like she has pretty good taste in music.
Saki: I know what you mean! I've been meaning to listen to that!
Shiho: You can listen with me if you want. H-Hey, you don't need to crowd me, though.


86 110:areatalk02_121

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Ichika, you should check out this Miku CD. The song openings are really good. Here, you can listen to a sample.
Ichika: Okay. Oh, you're right. Miku makes the first few bars sound so cool.
Shiho: Right? Both the guitar and the bass tracks are turned way up too, but for some reason they mesh really well together.
Ichika: I hope we get to a point where we can play this well someday.
Shiho: Oh, I'm not hoping. I'm going to get this good, so you had all better keep up with me.
Ichika: Right. We'll do our best not to let you down.


87 111:areatalk02_144

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Kanade Yoisaki)

Ichika: (This girl's hair is beautiful. It's perfectly straight. Not a single strand out of place.)
Kanade: (Her hair is so black... How pretty.)
Ichika & Kanade: Oh...
Ichika: Oh, excuse me.
Kanade: I'm sorry, too.
Ichika & Kanade: (I kind of want to touch it...)


88 112:areatalk02_146

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: I listened to that artist everyone was talking about the other day, but I don't see what's so great. There's something off about the lyrics.
Kanade: Oh, you should watch the music videos. I think they'll change your mind.
Kanade: The lyrics alone don't explain everything. A lot of their songs are meant to be complemented by the videos.
Mafuyu: I see. That's an interesting way to make music. Thanks, I'll give them a try.
Kanade: Let me know when you have. I want to hear what you think.


89 113:areatalk02_152

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

Kanade: Ena, what are you thinking about when you do your makeup?
Ena: Huh? Well, I guess I'm usually thinking about my skin's condition and what will look good with that day's outfit.
Ena: Why do you ask?
Kanade: Just wondering. There's a line in the song I'm listening to that goes, My face is the canvas on which I paint my ideal self.


90 114:areatalk02_176

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Minori: New Generation Idol Audition.
Airi: Something wrong with this audition, Minori?
Minori: Oh, I've applied to this audition before. It's actually the first time I've made it past the initial screening.
Minori: I didn't make it past the second phase, but I feel like it was the first time I was able to show the real me.
Airi: I know what you mean. I failed my first audition too, and that's an memory I'll never forget.


91 115:areatalk02_214

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: Oh! Hello, Shinonome.
Akito: Hey! Keep your voice down! You're going to tell my sister exactly where I am.
Kohane: Your sister? What's wrong with that?
Akito: She dragged me along to make me carry her bags. She does this every time.
Kohane: (Does that mean he goes shopping with his sister often? Hehe. I didn't expect that.)


92 116:areatalk02_219

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: Oh, they have a new dessert they say is photo-worthy! Kohane, you're good at taking pictures, right? Is there any way to take a good one with a smartphone camera?
Kohane: Well, I could probably show you some ways to play with lighting and angles.
An: Hehe. In that case, I'm counting on you! Let's get some dessert here!
Kohane: An, that's a lot of pressure...
An: Hahaha! Sorry! Even without the picture, I wanted something sweet, anyway. Let's go inside!


93 117:areatalk02_242

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Saki: It's been a while since we came to the mall together!
Ichika: Yeah. It looks like a lot of the shops have changed. It all feels kinda new.
Saki: Huh? Has it been that long since you've been here too?
Ichika: Yeah. It's not that I didn't ever come, but I'm still a bit surprised at how many stores I don't recognize.
Saki: Hahaha! That means we get to discover all the new stuff together!


94 118:areatalk02_253

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori)

Emu: Ah! I thought I smelled apple pie! Hi, Honami!
Honami: Oh, hello, Emu. I don't have any apple pie today, though.
Emu: You're right. But... *sniff sniff* I still smell it...
Honami: Hehe. Well, I was trying to make my own, but I ran out of ingredients so I decided to come buy some instead.
Emu: You were making your own?! Wow! I wish I could cook. Then I'd be able to eat whatever I wanted whenever I wanted.


95 119:areatalk02_256

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Shiho, look at this! Even you can master the keyboard!
Shiho: Sounds like a scam to me.
Saki: What?! I know the title is bad, but it looks pretty legit. Look!
Shiho: You're right. I guess you really can't judge a book by its cover. Kinda reminds me of you.
Saki: Hey, now you're just making fun of me! I'm going to use this and make you eat those words!


96 120:areatalk02_258

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Honami: I think I'm going to get vanilla. What about you, Shiho?
Shiho: You mean you're not getting apple-flavored?
Honami: I like apple pies, but ice cream is completely different. You wouldn't get ramen-flavored ice cream, would you?
Shiho: Well, no, but I'm not sure that's quite the same...


97 121:areatalk02_260

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, Shii. Look at this. Isn't it cute?
Shiho: You're not about to tell me to try that on, are you? Not only is it pink, but it's covered in frills and ribbons.
Shizuku: I think it would look really good on you.
Shiho: Wha? Hey, stay away from me! I am not wearing that!


98 122:areatalk02_269

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: You're looking for a birthday present for your mom?
Mafuyu: Yeah. I was thinking some kind of accessory would be nice, but I was hoping you could help me pick something out.
Mafuyu: What do you usually get?
Ena: For my mom's birthday? I've never bought her a birthday present before, so I've never really thought about it.
Mafuyu: Oh... Is it normal not to?
Ena: I dunno. Mizuki seems like the type to always celebrate birthdays though. Maybe you'd be better off asking them.
Mafuyu: Okay, I'll try asking Mizuki.


99 123:areatalk02_208

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Emu, what is the most interesting show you can remember watching?
Emu: Hm... Probably Stretcho the Pliable Knight!
Emu: Stretcho's body was super soft, so he was really good at helping others relax! Stiff shoulders, stuck-up superiors, even the hearts of his enemies!
Emu: There was a segment at the end called Stretcho's Gymnastics, too. That's how I learned to do jumps and spins and such!
Rui: Hehe. I wasn't even aware such a program existed. Thank you, Emu. I will be sure to take a look at it.


100 124:areatalk02_209

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: I want to try putting on a show in a place like this. What kind of things would I have to pay attention to?
Rui: Well, let's see. I'm always careful to make sure I begin bewitching the crowd even while I'm setting up.
Rui: You have to make it interesting from the very beginning right through to the end, that way anyone can start watching from any point.
Emu: Okay, I think I get it. Even the setup is part of the show!


101 125:areatalk02_246

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: It's not like you to invite just me like this. What's up?
Saki: Hehehe. I'm looking for something to give my mom for always taking care of me.
Shiho: I think you may have asked the wrong person, then.
Shiho: I don't know much about that sort of thing.
Saki: Really? You were the first person I thought of, so I was hoping for your help♪
Shiho: If that's what you want, then I'll do my best to help. Just don't come crying to me later, got it?


102 126:areatalk02_254

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Look, a street performance.
Shiho: They're good. Not just at their performance, but at attracting people too. It looks like everyone's having fun.
Ichika: Yeah, that's impressive. I'm not sure I could get a crowd that excited if I talked to them during a show.
Shiho: With Saki and Honami around, I doubt you'll have to always do that. It's all about putting the right person in the right place. The most important thing is our performance, though.
Ichika: You're right. I'll focus on practicing for now.


103 127:areatalk02_267

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: Kanade? Is everything alright? It's not very often I see you out and about.
Kanade: I feel like everyone I meet outside says the same thing.
Mafuyu: That's because you almost never leave your house.
Kanade: Well, yeah. I get so tired when I leave the house, and the sun is so bright.
Kanade: If only my mouse wasn't acting up, I wouldn't have to be out here right now...


104 128:areatalk02_202

[Music Shop]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Oh, I think this is the OST from that game I played not too long ago.
Emu: OST? Sounds like an abbreviation for original story time♪
Nene: It stands for official soundtrack. Think of it like a collection of all the music they record for a play.
Emu: Oh, neat! Do you listen to that sort of music a lot, Nene?
Nene: Sometimes. Listening to an OST always reminds me of the scenes where the music was playing.
Emu: That sounds nice! I wonder if we could make a soundtrack for our shows. Then when people listened to them, they could remember the show and smile all over again.


105 129:areatalk02_212

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

Kohane: I've been buying a lot of my music online recently, but I still love buying actual CDs.
An: I know what you mean! It's nice having a physical thing you can hold in your hands.
Kohane: Yeah. They always end up on the same shelf, but it's so satisfying to have your collection lined up in a row.
An: Exactly! I really like the extra photos and lyrics in the booklets too. I'm never getting rid of mine.


106 130:areatalk02_225

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Here, take this.
Kohane: What? Um, an album?
Akito: I gather by your reaction that you don't know who this is.
Akito: If you only listen to what An recommends, your tastes are going to become unbalanced. Don't let yourself get too focused on a single genre just because it's popular.
Kohane: Oh, thanks! I'll try to listen to a lot of different styles!


107 131:areatalk02_234

[Music Shop]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: You really like your CDs, don't you? It's so much easier to just listen to songs on your phone.
Toya: I do that as well, but all the recommendations start to skew towards the genres I listen to most.
Akito: Oh, that explains why you always listen to all the different music they have on display. I guess that's a good way to discover something you normally wouldn't.
Toya: Here, Akito.
Akito: You want me to listen? All right, I guess I'm not doing anything else today.


108 132:areatalk02_236

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Saki: Ichi, check out this poster!
Ichika: Oh, isn't this the girl band Shiho really likes?
Saki: Yeah! They're so cool! I wonder if we'll ever be this good.
Ichika: First, we have to get to the point where Shiho thinks we're good enough to perform.
Saki: Hahaha. Easier said than done, but I think the four of us can do it!


109 133:areatalk02_244

[Music Shop]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: Hey, isn't this the CD Ichi had us listen to a while back?
Honami: Oh, you mean the one she brought to your house because she wanted everyone to listen to it together?
Saki: Yeah! She was smiling so much. That was fun.
Saki: Hehehe. Since we're here, maybe I'll pick up a copy for myself!


110 134:areatalk02_248

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Ichika: Honami, what kind of music do you normally listen to?
Honami: Just the normal stuff. I always end up hooked on songs I hear while going about my day. You know, like drama theme songs and stuff you hear in commercials.
Honami: What about you, Ichika? Do you mostly listen to Miku songs?
Ichika: Yeah. It's nice because you get to listen to songs written by so many different people.


111 135:areatalk02_262

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Kanade: Oh, I found it.
Mafuyu: Isn't that a drama soundtrack? I didn't know you listened to stuff like that.
Kanade: Yeah. It's really annoying that so many of these aren't available online.
Mafuyu: Hahaha. I can see that might be a problem for someone who doesn't get out to go shopping all that much...


112 136:areatalk02_238

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: I always feel like our performances are better when we're here.
Ichika: I know what you mean. Everything just sort of feels and sounds better...
Ichika: Do you think that only happens because we think it's going to happen?
Honami: Maybe. We need to get to the point we can perform this well no matter where we are.


113 137:areatalk02_240

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Ichika, I listened to that Miku song you told me about yesterday.
Ichika: Really? What did you think?
Shiho: It's like you said. The bass line was really good. It went something like...
Shiho: Then the chorus starts and it goes...
Ichika: Yeah, that sounds right. Wait, did you memorize the whole thing in one night?


114 138:areatalk02_243

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Ichika: Playing a piano sure feels different than a keyboard.
Saki: Well, of course! Everything about them is different, from the weight of the keys to how hard you have to hit them to make sound.
Ichika: Do you think it's going to take a while for you to get used to it?
Saki: Well, I'm more used to playing the piano, so I might need a little time, but I'm going to master the keyboard for sure!
Ichika: Hehe. Master it, huh? That'll be cool. I'll have to practice the guitar more to keep up, then.


115 139:areatalk02_245

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: The sky here is like something between a sunset and the night sky. It's so pretty.
Honami: Yeah. I don't know if we could see a hue like this anywhere else.
Honami: I think the stars are slightly different every time we're here, too.
Saki: What?! Really?! I never noticed!
Honami: Hehe. Maybe I should see what that star chart has to say.


116 140:areatalk02_247

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Saki, how are you feeling? Are you tired at all?
Saki: No, I'm just fine.
Shiho: Are you sure? You were starting to sway a lot during the last song. I thought you might be getting dizzy.
Saki: Was I really swaying that much?
Shiho: Well, yeah...
Saki: Really?! I was trying to be cool by getting into the rhythm!


117 141:areatalk02_249

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Ichika: Your drumming always helps me relax for some reason.
Ichika: You're really good at keeping pace. It's like you're always there to support our playing.
Honami: Really? I'm glad to hear my practice is paying off.
Honami: I still feel like there are times Shiho's bass is the thing helping me keep pace, though. I've still got a way to go.
Ichika: You're not alone, Honami. I've got a long way to go, too. I hope we can all continue improving together.


118 142:areatalk02_250

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: .....
Saki: What's wrong, Hona? Something on your mind?
Honami: Oh, it's the drums here. They're just so easy to play, almost like they've been mine this entire time. Even the sticks feel like they're a perfect fit for my hands.
Saki: Oh, you feel it too?! I thought it was just me! This keyboard feels like it's mine!
Honami: Hehe. It's always important that you get along with your instrument. This place sure is mysterious.


119 143:areatalk02_257

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Saki, do you have any keyboardists you look up to?
Saki: Well, I still don't know much about other bands, so I've never really thought about it.
Shiho: You might want to think about finding someone you can try to emulate. It'll help you improve faster.
Saki: Hehe. True. There are some bass players you admire, right?
Shiho: A few. Having a goal in mind helps with motivation. Watching them also makes picturing your ideal performance style easier too.
Saki: That makes sense. All right, I'll find someone to shoot for!


120 144:areatalk02_259

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: .....
Honami: What are you doing, Shiho?
Shiho: I'm tuning my bass.
Honami: You don't use a tuner?
Shiho: I do for fine tuning, but I'm trying to get a feel for doing it without one.
Honami: I see. That's probably a really good way to train your ears, too.


121 145:areatalk02_308

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (Ln): How are the lyrics coming along, Ichika?
Ichika: What? Where did that come from? How did you even know I was writing lyrics?
Miku (Ln): I heard from Saki, of course. So how are they?
Ichika: Well, I've got a few good lines, but they're still a ways away from being an actual song.
Ichika: Maybe I'll show you once they're a little more finished...
Miku (Ln): That would be great. I'm looking forward to it.


122 146:areatalk02_309

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Megurine Luka)

Luka: That sounded great, Ichika. You're starting to feel comfortable enough to enjoy yourself while you perform.
Ichika: Thank you.
Ichika: Oh, but I've noticed my playing starts to waver if I get too caught up in the music. I'll need to be careful.
Luka: Hehe. You can't expect to be able to do everything perfectly right from the beginning.
Luka: Just keep trying to improve a little at a time.


123 147:areatalk02_310

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Hatsune Miku)

Saki: Let's see. I turn this while pressing this button... Then to layer the sound, I...
Miku (Ln): Playing with the keyboard settings?
Saki: Yeah. I want to experiment with different sounds. I need to get used to how everything works!
Miku (Ln): Hm... I'm curious to see what kind of sounds it can make too. You want to have a quick session once you're finished?
Saki: Sure! Just give me a few minutes♪


124 148:areatalk02_311

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Megurine Luka)

Saki: Luka, you don't ever straighten your hair, do you?
Luka: No, why? Are you thinking of changing yours?
Saki: Yeah. I've always wanted straight hair like Ichi's or yours.
Luka: Really? I'd actually prefer your wavy hair. Hehe. I guess it's only natural to want what you don't have.
Saki: I guess so. Still, even if it's only for a day, I'd like to see what it's like to have straight hair.


125 149:areatalk02_312

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (Ln): Those aren't the sticks you were using before, are they?
Honami: No. I still had my old sticks lying around from when I was in a band. I thought they might be easier to use.
Honami: I think they're a little too short for me now, though.
Miku (Ln): That just means you've grown. Let me know if you need to borrow some spares.


126 150:areatalk02_313

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Honami, are you doing all right setting up the drums?
Honami: It took a bit longer than expected, but I think I'm done.
Luka: There are a lot of little adjustments to make. Finding the right position for your bass drum, making sure the angle of all the mounted drums is just right...
Honami: Yeah, but I kind of enjoy figuring out what positions work best for me.
Luka: Hehe. Even small differences can affect the sound. That's the best part of being in a band, and of music as a whole.


127 151:areatalk02_314

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Shiho: Hey, Miku. I just changed all my strings. You want to do a quick session to help me break them in?
Miku (Ln): Sure. Hehe. I've always liked the particular sound that brand new strings make.
Shiho: It's nice, but it's not exactly great when you're trying to play as part of a band.
Miku (Ln): Oh? Starting to enjoy playing together, are we?
Shiho: What?
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Oh, it's nothing. Come on, let's play!


128 152:areatalk02_315

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Luka: You're quite meticulous when it comes to taking care of your bass, aren't you?
Shiho: You can tell just by looking at it?
Luka: Of course. Just look at how shiny even the frets are. I bet you even tape up the neck to give them a proper polish.
Shiho: Well, yeah. My bass is like my partner. We've played a lot of songs together.
Luka: Hehe. I'm sure your bass is happy to be so well cared for.


129 155:areatalk02_328

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Miku (Ln): Hey, Luka. Where do you keep getting those special instruments like the triangle and the flute you use sometimes?
Luka: From the music room. I found it while exploring. It's not surprising, though. This is a school, after all.
Miku (Ln): Exploring, huh? That sounds fun. I wish you would have invited me...
Luka: Hehe. I thought you might say that. I left some areas unexplored so we can check them out together. There's no need to sulk.
Miku (Ln): I-I am not sulking!


130 156:areatalk02_329

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Miku (Ln): I know the chord is right, but this still feels off...
Luka: When that happens, don't worry about trying to be correct. Try playing it the way that feels right to you. Like this.
Miku (Ln): Wow! You're always so cool playing the bass! Okay, what feels right... What feels right...
Luka: Hehe. I can't wait to see how her version sounds.


131 157:areatalk01_005

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma)

Saki: I finally found the hair accessory I saw in that magazine! I'm going to wear this to school tomorrow.
Saki: Being able to get my hands on the hottest new accessories before they go out of style rocks!
Saki: I need to make sure to take care of myself so I don't wind up stuck in the hospital again!


132 158:areatalk01_008

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: Oh, these sneakers have little ribbons on them. How cute.
Honami: Mine are getting pretty old. Maybe it's time for a new pair.
Honami: I really like my old shoes, though. I think I'll hold off for a bit longer.


133 159:areatalk01_017

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: Oh, that penguin mug I bought a while ago is back in stock.
Haruka: I know I already have one, but it's probably getting lonely all by itself.
Haruka: Excuse me. I'll take one of these penguin mugs, please.


134 160:areatalk01_019

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Airi Momoi)

Airi: Hey! When did they get all these new tops in stock?!
Airi: I was only planning on buying accessories today, but I guess it couldn't hurt to check out some prices...
Airi: Oh, these are still within budget! Hehe! When you see something you like, you've got to snatch it up!


135 161:areatalk01_023

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: I didn't realize that author released a new book. I'm glad I decided to stop by the bookstore today.
Shizuku: I'm going to start it as soon as I'm finished with my vocal training later.


136 162:areatalk01_035

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Hm? Tragedy at the Amusement Park? Is this the new mystery everyone is talking about?
Toya: The cover looks kind of like the amusement park where Tsukasa works.
Toya: Oh, it actually IS set at the same place. This sounds interesting.


137 163:areatalk01_039

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: What's this? Vichyssoise, carpaccio, ginger pork... This cafe is serving full course meals for lunch!
Tsukasa: I'm assuming ginger pork is just pork fried with ginger, but I have no idea what the others are!
Tsukasa: They sound impressive, though, so I'm sure they're all delicious!


138 164:areatalk01_044

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Oh, this is the movie they were talking about in film club at school.
Nene: Today, though...
Nene: Ah, there it is. I've been wanting to see this new musical on the big screen.


139 165:areatalk01_048

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Buy three or more items and receive a free balloon animal? That's a great idea for the kids, but these animals don't look very well made.
Rui: I don't see the shopkeeper anywhere. Let me just...
Rui: There. A balloon Stegosaurus. Hehe. Whichever lucky kid gets that is sure to be pleased.
Rui: I bet it'll give the shopkeeper a bit of a surprise, too.


140 166:areatalk01_058

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Wow! Look at all the great stuff in this shop!
Mizuki: Oh, these ribbons and patches are so cute! I bet I could really spice up some of my outfits with these!
Mizuki: Hehe. I may just end up becoming a regular at this place♪


141 167:areatalk01_025

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: Hmm hmm♪ Hmm♪ Hehe. I think I'm finally getting the hang of this verse.
Kohane: I'll see what An thinks next time I visit Weekend Garage.


142 168:areatalk01_029

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: An Shiraishi)

An: What's with the giant crowd of people over there? Oh.
An: I see. Everyone's listening to that musician.
An: Hm? Are they accepting last-minute participants? I think I'll join in!


143 169:areatalk01_033

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Huh? This song...
Akito: Yeah, this sounds like the guys from the next town over. I haven't seen them around for a while.
Akito: I've got some time to kill before work. Maybe I'll stop by and say hi.


144 170:areatalk01_038

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: I guess that's what happens when you've got one of the largest intersections in the world. There's always tourists taking pictures here all the time. Hm?
Tsukasa: What's this? Why are you holding out your camera? Oh, I get it! You want to take a photo with me!
Tsukasa: Sure, of course! With my coolest pose, I'll ensure this is the best memory of your entire trip!


145 171:areatalk01_046

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Such great weather today. Barely any wind either, so the drones won't have any problems. These conditions are perfect for a street performance.
Rui: Hehe. I've been dying to try out my new show. Time to get set up.


146 172:areatalk01_049

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: I left the house because I really wanted to check out that new movie...
Kanade: But it's so crowded and noisy out...
Kanade: Maybe I'll just wait for it to hit streaming.


147 173:areatalk01_057

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Hm? Oh, it's a notification. Looks like that model I follow uploaded a new photo.
Ena: Oh wow! Her bag is so cute! I wonder who makes it? If it was a major brand, she'd make sure the logo was showing in the picture.
Ena: Oh well. I can usually find stuff like this by checking the brands that advertise in magazines the model appears in.


148 174:areatalk01_059

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Humhumhuuum♪ Those new items should be arriving today.
Mizuki: I think the best part about working part-time at the shop is getting to open the new stock when it arrives.
Mizuki: It's still a bit early, but I think I'll head to work.


149 175:areatalk01_010

[Music Shop]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Oh, I didn't realize this girl band had made their major debut. I remember playing as part of the backing band for one of their shows.
Shiho: I hope things go well for them.


150 176:areatalk01_015

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato)

Minori: Oh, I haven't seen this concert DVD in forever! I remember watching it over and over at home to memorize the cute dances.
Minori: Hehe. I should watch it for old time's sake. I wonder where I put my copy. The bookshelf? Or maybe it's in my idol costume case?
Minori: I-I hope I didn't accidentally throw it out! I'll have to look for it when I get home!


151 177:areatalk01_020

[Music Shop]

(Character: Airi Momoi)

Airi: Oh! They're doing a promotional event for this new idol group!
Airi: I've never heard of them before, but they sure can dance. They look so enthusiastic, too. It just makes me want to cheer them on.
Airi: All right, I've got to pick up a copy of their album!


152 178:areatalk01_027

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: Hey, this is the singer An was saying she really liked.
Kohane: Oh, and it comes with a free video of their recent concert. I bet that would make good reference material.
Kohane: I still don't know much about this genre, either. I should grab a copy while I'm here!


153 179:areatalk01_051

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: Here it is. The website said they were out, but I'm glad I came to check anyway.
Kanade: While I'm here, I should check out some other CDs and see if I can find anything good.


154 183:areatalk01_082

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Miku (Ln): Start with Em7 into a B7....then C...
Miku (Ln): ――――――――♪
Miku (Ln): Phew, that's much better. Wow, time sure flies whenever I'm practicing guitar.


155 184:areatalk01_083

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Megurine Luka)

Luka: I think I'll make sure all the instruments are tuned up and ready for whenever the girls come over.
Luka: Everyone takes such good care of them that I probably don't need to worry about it, though. Hehe.
Luka: I just want to make sure Miku and the others are always able to sound their best.


156 185:areatalk02_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Humhumhuuum♪
Airi: Minori, I saw you grinning at your phone this morning, too. Have you been like this all day?
Minori: Hehe. I can't help it. Look at this. Samo got a haircut! Doesn't he look so fluffy?
Airi: Wh-Whoa! I can see why you're smiling! Just looking at this makes me want to hug him!
Minori: Right?! I can't wait to get home!


157 186:areatalk02_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Airi: You seem to be in a good mood, Minori.
Minori: Hehehe. The new CD from one of the idol groups I like comes out today! See, this one here!
Airi: Oh, I know them. They're all really nice. I've worked with them before too. We still meet up to get food sometimes.
Minori: Whaaat?! S-Seriously?!
Minori: Um... Y-You don't think you might be able to get their autographs for me, do you?
Airi: That look in your eyes tells me you really want this. Fine, I guess I could ask them for you.


158 187:areatalk02_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: .....
Haruka: Minori... It's a little hard to practice with you staring at me like that...
Minori: Oh, s-sorry! I was just thinking about how you shine when you sing...
Minori: Every time I see you, I remember just how much I want to be as good of an idol as you! More, more!
Haruka: Hehe. Thanks, Minori.
Haruka: (I have you to thank for the person I am now, you know.)


159 188:areatalk02_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Shizuku, I didn't realize you were Shiho's older sister!
Shizuku: Yes. Oh, that's right. You two are in the same class, aren't you?
Shizuku: If it's all right, would you be willing to tell me what sorts of things you two talk about?
Minori: W-Well... Today she was sort of complaining that she hasn't been able to practice bass as much as she'd like because you're always around...
Shizuku: Oh, is that so? Hehehe. Shii can be quite shy at times.
Minori: Haha... I'm not exactly sure that's what she meant...


160 189:areatalk02_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: You're usually reading a book. It's not often I see you with a magazine.
Shizuku: Oh, would you like to take a look? I found it in the library.
Airi: Hey, this is the one with me on the cover! I haven't seen this in forever! I still think that's one of my best photos!
Shizuku: I agree. Take a look at the back, though.
Airi: Huh? I remember reading the whole thing, but I don't remember anything in the back. Wait, that's you!
Shizuku: Hehe. We were featured in the same magazine and didn't even realize it.
Airi: No fair! This is the back cover, so why did you get a close-up shot?!


161 190:areatalk02_014

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato)

Shiho: .....
Minori: Shiho, why do you keep glancing around like that? Are you waiting for someone?
Shiho: No. In fact, just the opposite. I'm keeping an eye out.
Minori: I see... Are you watching for Shizuku?
Shiho: She's always so clingy at home when she has nothing to do. I wish she would at least leave me alone at school.
Minori: Hehe. I'm sure it's because she cares so much about you.


162 191:areatalk02_015

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: What's the notebook for, Minori?
Minori: It's a diary! I make sure to write a little every day about special things that happened, any fun stuff, or what I practiced that day!
Haruka: Oh? That takes quite a lot of diligence.
Minori: Hehehe. I've been keeping a diary as long as I've been practicing singing and dancing. You don't keep a diary?
Haruka: I don't. Perhaps I should start one, though.


163 192:areatalk02_016

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Haruka: Airi, you really like cats, don't you? I found these while I was out shopping the other day.
Airi: Wow! These mittens look just like cat paws! How cute!
Haruka: I remember you like to cook, so I thought you might like them.
Airi: Haruka, you're the best! Just wait! I'll find something with penguins on it to repay you!
Haruka: Huh? Hehe. Okay, I'm looking forward to it.


164 193:areatalk02_017

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Hello, Haruka. Would you like to join me in the cafeteria?
Haruka: Sorry, I brought my own lunch today.
Shizuku: Oh, do you always make lunch yourself?
Haruka: Yes. The food at school always has so many sugars and fats, so I have to be careful.
Shizuku: Hehe. You're still worried about maintaining your weight and figure, then?
Haruka: Yeah, it's sort of become a part of my daily routine. I'm not sure I could stop now even if I wanted to.


165 194:areatalk02_018

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: Hoshino, I always see you eating yakisoba buns for lunch.
Ichika: Yeah, they're my favorite. What about you? Do you always have salad?
Haruka: Yes. Salads are a great way to keep a balanced diet. They're high in vitamins and minerals.
Haruka: Yakisoba buns, on the other hand, are just carbs wrapped in carbs. They probably aren't the healthiest meal...
Ichika: You think so? Still, they taste so good.
Haruka: Hehe. Well, I can't argue with that.


166 195:areatalk02_024

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Ugh... I know it's a student's job to study and all, but getting homework is always so depressing.
Haruka: It's not very seemly to complain to those younger than you.
Airi: I'm not really complaining, I'm just vocalizing the fact that I don't want to do math when I get home.
Haruka: That's called complaining. You know, your homework wouldn't take you so long if you spent a little time reviewing what we do in class each day.
Airi: Ngh... I don't want to hear this...


167 196:areatalk02_029

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Hey, you. Your ribbon is about to come loose.
Saki: Oh, thank you. What?! Airi?!
Saki: Oh, um! I used to watch you on TV all the time when I was in the hospital! You always cheered me up! C-Could I shake your hand?!
Airi: I cheered you up...?
Airi: Are you sure you just want a handshake? Oh, how about I sign something? You're welcome to take a picture, too!
Saki: Really?! Are you serious?! In that case, I'll take them all!


168 197:areatalk02_030

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Haruka, would you help me with some dance practice after lunch? I'm having a bit of trouble with the choreography from yesterday.
Haruka: Of course. Should we ask Airi to join us?
Shizuku: I was hoping to surprise her by learning the whole routine.
Haruka: Ah, I see. I'd be happy to help.
Shizuku: Thank you!


169 198:areatalk02_031

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: What's wrong with you, Mr. Phone? Are you not feeling well?
Minori: Shizuku, what are you poking your phone for?
Shizuku: Well, this little light here turned red for a bit, then the screen suddenly went dark.
Minori: Um... I think that means the battery is dead.
Shizuku: Oh, that must be it! I'm glad that problem has been solved. Thank you, Minori.
Minori: Huh? But Shizuku, you still have to charge the phone before it will turn back on!


170 199:areatalk02_032

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Shii, would you like to eat lunch together?
Shiho: .....
Shizuku: You're awfully quiet. What's the matter? Look, I brought your favorite, Salisbury steak.
Shiho: Shizuku, I've told you a thousand times. Stop talking to me at school.
Shizuku: But the weather is so nice today. I thought we could enjoy eating outside.
Shiho: The weather has nothing to do with it...


171 200:areatalk02_036

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shizuku Hinomori)

Honami: That committee meeting sure went long today.
Shizuku: It sure did. Oh, Honami...
Shizuku: How has my sister been doing? Is she getting along with everyone?
Honami: Yeah. She's been really focused on band practice. She can be a bit strict, but she's also a really patient teacher.
Shizuku: Is that so? I was thinking about stopping by some time with some snacks. Do you think that would be all right?
Honami: Of course! I'm sure Shiho would be happy to see you.


172 201:areatalk02_053

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori)

Emu: Wahahahaha!
Shiho: Huh?! Was that a person running by just now...?
Shiho: Hm? Someone dropped a handkerchief.
Emu: Wonderhoy! Sorry, that's mine! Thank you so much for picking it up☆
Shiho: Y-You're welcome...


173 202:areatalk02_095

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Saki: Ichi! I heard we're watching a musical in the AV room for our next music class!
Saki: And guess what?! It's the one I would always say I wanted to go see when I first ended up in the hospital!
Ichika: Really?
Saki: Yeah! Hehehe. Feels kinda like fate, doesn't it?
Ichika: Hehe. You always exaggerate everything, don't you?


174 203:areatalk02_098

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Saki: Ichi! What are you listening to?
Ichika: It's a Miku song. Would you like to hear it?
Saki: Sure! I'll just borrow one of your ear buds.
Saki: Hehee! Didn't we all listen to this song together a while back?
Ichika: Yeah, that's right. You remember?
Saki: Of course I do! That's a very special memory.


175 204:areatalk02_099

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Honami, are you ready for today?
Honami: Yeah. Time for the rhythm squad's special training session!
Shiho: Why are you smirking like that?
Honami: Huh? Oh, I'm just happy to spend time with you. Don't worry, though! I promise to practice seriously!
Shiho: I wasn't really worried. All right, let's get started.


176 205:areatalk02_108

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: Hey, what kind of stuff do you guys do in the home economics club?
Honami: Usually cooking and baking. We also do some sewing and knitting, too.
Saki: All the household skills!
Saki: I wish I could do all that. If I could bake, I'd give people cakes on their birthdays. I could even help make costumes for our shows if I knew how to sew.
Honami: Hehe. Would you like to try? I can teach you if you'd like.
Saki: Really?! Wow! Thanks, Hona!


177 206:areatalk02_114

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Ichika: Thanks for the textbook, Honami. You're a lifesaver.
Honami: You're welcome. You don't normally get your days mixed up, though. What made you think it was tomorrow?
Ichika: Well, there's a CD coming out tomorrow that I've been looking forward to.
Honami: Hehe. And that made you mix up your days? You must really be excited for it.


178 207:areatalk02_117

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: Hona, your class was doing portraits today in art today, right? We're doing the same thing next period. Could you show me what you did?
Honami: Huh? Oh... It would probably be better to look at someone else's...
Saki: I just want to get an idea. Now let's see that sketchbook!
Honami: Ah! S-Saki!
Saki: Is this...a drawing of the art teacher?
Honami: H-How did you know?! Everyone else in my class said it looked like someone in a mascot suit with heatstroke!


179 208:areatalk02_119

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shizuku Hinomori)

Honami: Shizuku, what is Shiho like at home?
Shizuku: Well, whenever the newscasters on TV say hello, Shii always does a little head nod back to them. It's so cute.
Honami: Oh, actually I was more wondering if she acts differently at home then she normally does.
Shizuku: Oh, and on nights when we have hamburger steak for dinner, you can hear her coming down the stairs like boom boom boom when it's usually more like thump thump thump.
Honami: (Haha... I think I may have asked something I shouldn't have.)


180 209:areatalk02_120

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Shiho, is that the app that lets you raise pets?
Shiho: Yeah.
Ichika: It looks like you're taking really good care of yours. I should probably check on mine soon.
Shiho: You're raising something too?
Ichika: Yeah, a cactus.
Shiho: A cactus? I'm actually not surprised at that...


181 210:areatalk02_122

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Shiho, your handwriting is so pretty. How did you get so good?
Shiho: Did you forget I used to take calligraphy lessons?
Saki: Oh, that's right! I remember you doing a demonstration at the community center in a traditional hakama and everything. I think you wrote sincerity.
Shiho: Yep. I seem to remember a certain someone getting in trouble for yelling out, good luck!
Saki: Oh, hahaha...


182 211:areatalk02_150

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Mafuyu Asahina)

Ichika: I sort of just ended up as class representative. This looks more difficult than I expected.
Mafuyu: You'll be all right. There's no need to do everything on your own.
Mafuyu: I did this last year as well, so feel free to ask me if there's ever anything you need.
Ichika: Thank you.
Ichika: (Asahina is amazing. She's always so kind and hardworking.)


183 212:areatalk02_171

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Oh, Haruka. I've got club today, so could you let everyone know I'm going to be a little late for practice?
Haruka: Sure. I didn't realize you were in a club.
Airi: Yeah, I'm in the tea ceremony club. I joined after leaving my agency.
Haruka: Did you join just for the Japanese sweets?
Airi: I'd be lying if I said that wasn't part of the reason, but I was actually interested in the ceremony as well.


184 213:areatalk02_173

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Haruka: Shizuku, your dad was a guitar player, right? Did you ever learn to play?
Shizuku: No, I've never been very coordinated.
Shizuku: My little sister loves playing bass, though. She's really good. I can introduce you some time if you like.
Haruka: Oh, that's all right. She's in the same class as Minori, right? I've spoken with her a few times.
Shizuku: Is that so? How wonderful. I'm so glad she's been making friends recently!
Haruka: I wouldn't say we're friends. We only spoke briefly. Huh? She's not even listening...


185 214:areatalk02_177

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Airi, do you remember that variety program where you had to try and fulfill requests from viewers?
Airi: Of course. I was a regular on that show for a while. What about it?
Minori: Well, I actually liked that show so much that I sent in a request of my own that you would sing with me at my graduation.
Airi: Really? Well, if we work hard enough, it could happen.
Minori: What?! R-Really?!
Airi: It's important to approach everything with the mindset that you're going to at least try. If you don't do that, paths will never open up for you.


186 215:areatalk02_184

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Haruka: Shizuku, do you have a minute? I was hoping you could tell me what you did to get so tall.
Shizuku: What? Um, nothing really...
Haruka: I thought so. Minori was asking what she could do to get taller.
Haruka: I suggested it might help to stretch more so she's nice and flexible, but...
Shizuku: Oh, that's a great idea. I feel like that would help.
Haruka: Y-You think so?


187 216:areatalk02_187

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Shizuku: Oh, hello, Asahina. I'm sorry I haven't been to archery club in a while.
Mafuyu: Don't worry about it. You've been through a lot lately. Feel free to come once things calm down a bit.
Shizuku: Thank you. I'll do that. With everything that's going on, I'm not sure I would be able to even hit the target right now anyway.
Mafuyu: Well, I'm looking forward to seeing you in club again.
Shizuku: I am as well.


188 217:areatalk02_218

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: Shiho, you always look so cool.
Shiho: Where'd that come from?
Kohane: Oh, um... I just think it's really cool how you're so strong-willed, never letting others' expectations get to you.
Shiho: Not being flexible causes its own sort of problems though, you know.
Kohane: What?
Shiho: Never mind. It's nothing.


189 218:areatalk02_237

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: There's not a cloud in the sky. I bet we'll really be able to see the stars tonight.
Ichika: You've always liked looking at the stars, haven't you?
Honami: Yeah. When I think of how they're always watching over us from up there, it makes me want to look up.
Ichika: Hehe. I didn't realize you were such a romantic.
Honami: O-Oh, you think so? I was just expressing what I feel...


190 219:areatalk02_239

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Shiho, do you ever go to concerts?
Shiho: I go to events where bands I like are performing, sure.
Ichika: Do you join in when the bands get the crowd to sing?
Shiho: Everyone has their own way of enjoying shows...
Ichika: Hehe, I guess that's true. As long as you enjoy yourself, that's all that matters.
Shiho: Right. The important thing is that I'm having fun.


191 220:areatalk02_241

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Haruka Kiritani)

Ichika: You always give off the feeling that you can do anything. Is there anything you're not good at?
Haruka: Um... Maybe being idle?
Haruka: Even on my days off, I can't just sit around at home doing nothing. I end up doing voice training or adding extra exercises to my daily workout.
Ichika: Hehe. That sounds like something you'd do.


192 221:areatalk02_251

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Honami: Shiho, are you busy after school tomorrow? I'm still having trouble with the rhythm of the song we've been working on. I was hoping you'd practice with me.
Shiho: I'm off work tomorrow, so that's fine.
Honami: Thanks, Shiho! I'll bake you something sweet in return.
Shiho: You don't have to do that. I'm happy to help when it comes to practice. But if you insist, cookies might be nice.
Honami: Hehe. Cookies it is, then! I'll bake a bunch!


193 222:areatalk02_252

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato)

Honami: Oh, hi there, Hanasato. How's Samo doing?
Minori: Honami! Oh, he's doing great! I think he's been wanting to see Shibao again.
Honami: Hehe. Ever since that time we went walking together, they've become great friends.
Honami: Are you two coming to the park today?
Minori: Yep! We can go for another walk together!


194 223:areatalk02_255

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Shiho, you stand in as bass player sometimes at the club where you work, right?
Ichika: Isn't it difficult to communicate in a place like that?
Shiho: As long as I've got my bass, everything works out. Besides, nobody is really there to talk.
Ichika: Ah, I see...


195 224:areatalk02_272

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

Shizuku: Oh, Asahina. I think I can make it to archery practice today. Would that be all right?
Mafuyu: Of course. How does your equipment look? Should I see if we can start a little early so you can do some maintenance?
Shizuku: Thank you, that would be a big help.
Mafuyu: Okay, I'll speak with the coach.
Shizuku: (Asahina is always so kind.)


196 225:areatalk02_038

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

Tsukasa: Nene! Did you see that TV special last Friday?!
Nene: Last Friday? Which one?
Tsukasa: Hmph. Judging by your reaction, that's a no. Very well! I shall impart to you the valuable information I gleaned from the program!
Nene: Oh, are you referring to that behind-the-scenes show about the popular troupe performers? I saw it. Was that all?
Tsukasa: Huh?! How can you be so indifferent?! Here I was about to demonstrate my kindness by sharing secrets on how to improve our stage performances and that's how you respond?!
Nene: Yeah, whatever. I'm not sure that someone actually acting from the kindness of their heart would call attention to the fact, though.


197 226:areatalk02_042

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Hey, Tsukasa. How would you like to exchange my healthy veggie sandwich for that awful, high-calorie fried pork boxed lunch of yours?
Tsukasa: What's with you and trying to make these absurd trades? There's no way I'm agreeing to that.
Rui: How heartless... Are you saying you're looking forward to watching me suffer as I'm forced to eat this veggie sandwich? Oh, woe is me! Such a cruel friend you are!
Tsukasa: Stop shouting and making me look like the bad guy! It's not my fault you hate vegetables!


198 227:areatalk02_043

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: Hoh! Hyah!
Akito: Tsukasa, what are you doing?
Tsukasa: Can't you tell?! I'm practicing my poses! You're welcome to stay and watch for as long as you like!
Akito: Oh, I'm actually in a bit of a hurry.
Tsukasa: For my first pose, this particular angle is very... H-Hey! Where are you going?!


199 228:areatalk02_047

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: What do you think about flying during our next show?
Rui: Flying, huh? That's ambitious. I like it. You'll need to work on developing your physical strength first, though.
Tsukasa: My physical strength? Why?
Rui: The jumping part is simple with some sort of device like a jet pack, but maintaining a pose in mid-air requires significant core strength.
Rui: If we're going to do this right, it might be best for you to really sculpt those muscles of yours! Like a body builder you see!
Tsukasa: Uh oh... I think he's getting a little too into this. Rui, forget I said anything. The most important part of a show is the story, so let's focus on that!


200 229:areatalk02_050

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Rui, do you mind if I ask you a favor?
Rui: Oh? And what sort of favor brings you all the way to my school to ask?
Emu: You see, I was hoping you'd make another Robo-Nene, but this time make it a Robo-Tsukasa!
Rui: Hehehe. I see. Having two of him would certainly make for an even livelier show.
Rui: It would take a bit of preparation, and I will need some materials, but I'll consider it.


201 230:areatalk02_059

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

Akito: Hey, Toya... Huh? Where the heck is he?
Akito: Excuse me, but you're in the same class as Toya, right? Do you know where he might be?
Nene: Probably in the library.
Akito: I see, he must have library duty today. Thanks.
Nene: (What the hell's up with him?)


202 231:areatalk02_062

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Nene, I added a new feature to Robo-Nene. Try giving that tab there a pull.
Nene: This one here? Okay.
Nene: It's so loud! What is this?!
Rui: It's a security alarm. I noticed you've been spending more late nights practicing.
Nene: Huh? What was that? You've got to speak up!


203 232:areatalk02_065

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

Rui: Oh? I wasn't expecting to see you this early in the morning. What are you doing awake?
Mizuki: Haha. I'm going to see a movie with a friend today, so I needed to kill some time before we meet up.
Rui: I see. So attending school is your way of killing time?
Mizuki: You could say that. Besides, I guess I should make an effort to see my friends from school every once in a while. That goes for old friends as well.
Rui: Hehe. How very thoughtful of you.


204 233:areatalk02_075

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

An: Did I tell you what Kohane did the other day?
Akito: Not that I really care, but did you know you're always talking about Kohane?
An: Am I? Well all you ever talk about is Toya, so I guess we're even.
Akito: ... Do I really?


205 234:areatalk02_078

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, An. I love that hair clip. It's so sparkly.
An: Oh, this? It's actually one of my favorites.
Mizuki: Where do you usually get your clips? At the mall?
An: I got this one at a little shop near my house.
Mizuki: Really? I'd love to go some time.
An: How about we swing by after school, then?


206 235:areatalk02_082

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Hey, how'd you do on the test the other day?
An: Me? Pretty good. No make-up exam necessary.
Akito: That's what you consider good?
An: What about you, then?
Akito: No make-up test for me, either. It was a total breeze.
An: Yeah, whatever. I bet you just got lucky with the questions.


207 236:areatalk02_083

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: Ugh... I'm so thirsty.
Toya: You want some of this?
Akito: That's black coffee, isn't it?
Toya: Yes.
Akito: I'm not a fan. I'm gonna go grab something from the school store.


208 237:areatalk02_085

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma)

Akito: Tsukasa, didn't you say you hate bugs?
Tsukasa: Hm? That's right. Why do you ask?
Akito: There's something dark on your back that looks kinda like a centipede.
Tsukasa: A c-c-centipede?!
Tsukasa: Wh-Wh-Where?! Get it off!
Akito: Oh, my bad. It was just a wrinkle in your uniform. Must have been a trick of the light. Anyway, see you later.
Tsukasa: Hey, hold it! D-Did you really think that or were you just messing with me?!


209 238:areatalk02_092

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Akito...
Akito: Oh, hey. What's up?
Toya: You looked like you were about to go talk to Tsukasa.
Akito: And?
Toya: What were you plotting to do to him this time?
Akito: All right, fine. I'll leave him alone today.


210 239:areatalk02_094

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Hey, you work in the library, right? Do you know if we have this book?
Toya: A History of Musicals? I don't think so. I think we have something similar, though.
Toya: Turn right as soon as you go inside and it should be on the shelf in the far back.
Nene: Far back right. Got it. Um, thanks.


211 240:areatalk02_200

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: What are you doing eating by yourself? Has your class decided to shun you?
Tsukasa: There's no need to be rude! I'm simply trying to enjoy an elegant lunch in peace.
Nene: I see. Well, don't let it get to you.
Tsukasa: I told you, it's my choice to eat by—hey! Don't just walk off after getting the wrong idea!


212 241:areatalk02_204

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: You really don't like vegetables, do you? Don't you ever have a hard time eating out at restaurants?
Rui: Well, I tend to only go to places I'm a regular at, so I don't usually have a problem.
Nene: So you have no intention of getting used to eating vegetables?
Rui: Hehe. I've managed to grow this big without eating them. Why would I bother starting now?


213 242:areatalk02_206

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Tsukasa, I understand you're good at needlework. Could you help me fix some holes in one of my outfits?
Tsukasa: Sure, let me see. I should be able to fix one or two holes in no time. Hm?
Tsukasa: Th-This thing is more holes than clothing...
Rui: It's originally designed to have holes in it, but I thought I would cut a few more to alter the design. Then this happened.
Tsukasa: There's a limit to how many holes you have and still be able to wear it! I can't even tell which holes you made and which were here to begin with.


214 243:areatalk02_211

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Hey, you're on the library committee, aren't you? Do you know if there are any books like this here at school?
Toya: Judging from the title, this is a pretty specific topic. I doubt it.
Rui: Oh well, it was worth a try. I suppose I'll need to find a large bookstore or a public library.
Toya: If you're looking for a library, there's one nearby. They might have what you're looking for.
Rui: Oh? That's good to know.
Rui: I just recently transferred here, so I'm not yet familiar with the area.
Rui: I'll try going to the library this weekend. Thanks.


215 244:areatalk02_222

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Toya, when do you usually study? You always come to the cafe after school, and you spend most of your days off with Akito, right?
Toya: Not every single day. Besides, if you review a little bit every day, you don't need to study nearly as much.
An: Ugh...review...
Toya: You sound exactly like Akito.
An: Excuse me? Don't compare me to him. I don't just guess on tests. I always make an attempt to study when exam time rolls around.
Toya: Attempting to study isn't the same as actually studying, you know...


216 245:areatalk02_232

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Hey, do you know how Akito did on his test today?
Toya: Why not ask him? Though he probably won't tell you. He was saying his predictions about what would show up on the test were off so he didn't do very well.
An: Is that so? Hehe. This just goes to show that the more responsible one will always come out on top.
Toya: I don't think a last-minute overnight cramming session can be considered responsible.


217 246:areatalk02_233

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Toya, what sort of things make you actually laugh out loud?
Toya: No idea.
An: Hm... I kinda want to see what you look like when you're laughing uncontrollably.
Toya: I'm not sure what you're planning, but I have a feeling I'm not going to like it.
An: Hahaha. Don't worry, I'm not going to force you to laugh.


218 247:areatalk02_189

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Tsukasa: Whoa! Isn't that one of those pandas that kids can ride at the playground? It's dancing!
Emu: I think it wants us to dance with it! Okay! I'll dance with you☆
Tsukasa: Th-They're actually dancing in sync... Man, I don't understand this SEKAI one bit...
Emu: Look! Look! The other animals want to join in! Tsukasa, you should dance with them!
Tsukasa: Huh?! Ah! Stop! Why do you always have to drag me in?!


219 248:areatalk02_191

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Oh, hey. That plushie over there has a wind-up key on the back. Is it a robot?
Tsukasa: Dunno. It seems to be able to move and speak without ever having to be wound up, though.
Nene: Rui said he wanted to take it apart to examine it.
Tsukasa: What?!
Nene: He won't actually do it, though. At least, I don't think.


220 249:areatalk02_193

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Hehehe. This place is so fascinating. What is it that allows that steam engine to fly? How is it that plushies can move and speak?
Tsukasa: The train is one thing, but don't you dare go dissecting any plushies.
Rui: That actually hurts, Tsukasa! Do you truly think I'm the kind of person who would do something so inhumane?
Tsukasa: You don't have any misgivings when it has to do with me!
Rui: Hehe. That's because you're a special case.


221 250:areatalk02_198

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: This place sure is noisy.
Emu: Yeah! It's always so much fun here☆
Nene: Well, everyone is always smiling. I guess I don't hate it.
Emu: Hehehe. I knew it! It makes you happy to see other people smiling too, doesn't it?!
Nene: I suppose so...


222 251:areatalk02_199

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Miku and the plushies put on such a great show! The music is powerful and the direction is spot on!
Emu: Are you getting excited, Rui?
Rui: Of course. I can't wait to start coming up with a show that's even better than this one at making people smile.
Rui: In fact, I already have a little something in mind. It will all depend on Tsukasa and his self-sacrificing nature, however...
Emu: Don't worry! I'm sure Tsukasa will be happy to lend a hand☆


223 252:areatalk02_201

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

Tsukasa: The horses on that flying merry-go-round are the perfect animal for me! My last name literally means flying horse!
Nene: What's that carrot for?
Tsukasa: So I can call one of the horses down! Now, who wants a nice, tasty carrot?
Nene: You know none of those horses can come down without the entire merry-go-round landing, right?
Tsukasa: Oh...


224 253:areatalk02_205

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: There are balloons floating all over the place. It's so colorful.
Rui: It really is. Wouldn't it be fun if there were a bunch of Robo-Nene-shaped balloons everywhere?
Rui: Hehehe. Then we could hide the real Robo-Nene among them and—
Nene: Just stop right there. I have a feeling I know where this is going.
Rui: Oh, are you sure? And here I thought it would be a great idea.


225 254:areatalk02_207

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Tsukasa, I've been thinking about our next show. I thought I'd use some inspiration I got from this SEKAI.
Tsukasa: Let me see... When you mentioned feeling inspired, I was expecting something a little more out of the ordinary than this.
Rui: I thought you might say that. How about this, then?
Tsukasa: Hold on. Are you just showing me a boring pitch first so your crazy ideas will then seem less so?
Rui: Very astute. You will at least take a look at it, won't you? I think you'll find it interesting enough to approve of.
Tsukasa: You... All right, fine! If you're that confident, then have it your way! I'll do your show!


226 255:areatalk02_210

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Wouldn't it be interesting if Robo-Nene could move on its own like the plushies here do?
Nene: I guess so. Not having to operate it would make things easier. But can you do that?
Rui: If I install a high-end, self-learning AI, then sure.
Nene: Then eventually it will claim it's the superior life form and start eliminating all humans.
Rui: Hehe, you watch too many movies. Or, I guess in your case, you play too many games.


227 256:areatalk02_288

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku)

Tsukasa: Ho! Hyah! Well, what do you think of my full body poses?! Hm? Hey!
Miku (WxS): Hwah?
Tsukasa: Don't hwah? me! You're the one who asked me to start making poses!
Miku (WxS): Yeah, but those aren't the poses I wanted to see. I was looking for something more like badoom! or hiyah!
Tsukasa: You're starting to sound too much like Emu...
Tsukasa: But a real star does his best to give the fans what they want! I shall give you the poses you desire!


228 257:areatalk02_289

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, KAITO)

Tsukasa: Hrng... Why does a future star such as myself have to help maintain the stage props?
KAITO: Learning your stage inside and out in order to develop a bond to it is part of becoming a star, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Why does it feel like you're just saying that to get me to help you?
KAITO: Hahaha. Just keep it up! A beautiful stage for our next show waits at the end of all this!


229 258:areatalk02_290

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku)

Emu: Miku! Miku! Mikuuu!!!
Miku (WxS): Hurray☆ It's Emu! Big hug♪
Emu: Hehehe! It feels so strange!! I love how I can actually hug you here, Miku!
Miku (WxS): And now that the hugs are done, let's put on a show♪
Emu: Really? Yaaay♪


230 259:areatalk02_291

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, KAITO)

Emu: Hey, KAITO♪
KAITO: Hm? Did you need something?
Emu: Hehe. Nope, I just wanted to say hi☆
KAITO: Not you, too...
KAITO: For the past few days, Miku and the plushies have... Wait! Don't tell me you're all in on this...
Emu: Ah! The secret's out! Everybody run!


231 260:areatalk02_292

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): Hello, Nene!
Nene: That's Robo-Nene...
Miku (WxS): Oopsie! I got you mixed up again! Sorry about that, Nene☆
Nene: That's still... You're doing that on purpose, aren't you?
Miku (WxS): Hehehe. Your reaction is just so cute♪
Nene: You don't seem to be doing it to be mean, so I guess I can play along and act surprised...


232 261:areatalk02_293

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, KAITO)

Nene: KAITO, who always comes up with your musicals?
KAITO: You mean the screenplays? Usually I write them, but I often get ideas from Miku and the plushies.
Nene: I see. They're always so much easier to understand and empathize with than the ones Tsukasa writes.
KAITO: Haha. I quite enjoy Tsukasa's scripts. They always have such unexpected twists.
Nene: I suppose that does make them interesting.


233 262:areatalk02_294

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): Rui, Emu told me you guys went Whrrr, bababam! in your last show☆
Rui: Whrrr, bababam? Oh, are you referring to the device used to launch Tsukasa into the air?
Miku (WxS): Yeah! The thing that made Tsukasa fly! You think we could do that here some time?
Rui: As long as I can find the parts, I don't see why not.
Rui: (Her use of onomatopoeia is quite similar to Emu's. Hehe. How fascinating.)


234 263:areatalk02_295

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

KAITO: Rui, I understand you are the director for your shows.
Rui: That's right. My specialties are earthquakes, thunderstorms, and pyrotechnics.
KAITO: U-Um... I'm not sure how much of that I should take as a joke.
Rui: Hehe. I'll leave that to your imagination.


235 264:areatalk02_335

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Miku (WxS): KAITO! It's finally finished☆ Behold, the plushie cannon♪
KAITO: D-Did you say plushie cannon?!
Miku (WxS): Yeah! All the plushies climb inside, then they all go flying through the air!
Miku (WxS): And since they're all so light, Rui designed it to use pressurized air instead of explosives☆
KAITO: I noticed he's been visiting quite a bit lately. So this is what he's been working on?
KAITO: I suppose it's all right as long as it isn't dangerous.


236 265:areatalk02_336

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

KAITO: Miku, time for the meeting about our next show!
KAITO: Miku? That's strange. I thought I heard her talking to the plushies just a moment ago.
KAITO: Miku, where are you?! Whoa!
Miku (WxS): Ah! He found us! Everybody run for it☆
KAITO: Hey, get back here! This meeting is important!


237 266:areatalk01_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino)

Ichika: It looks like they're out of yakisoba buns. I guess I'll have to get something else.
Ichika: What's this? A croquette sandwich? It says here a popular butcher shop turned their famous croquette into a filling.
Ichika: I think I'll try this today. Excuse me, I'd like one of these.


238 267:areatalk01_006

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma)

Saki: I overslept and didn't have much time to fix my hair...
Saki: I think it turned out all right, though. Hehe. I feel like I'm getting better at this♪
Saki: One of these days, I'll help everyone else style theirs too!


239 268:areatalk01_009

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: We're practicing figure drawing next art class...
Honami: The teacher says I have a unique style, but basically I'm just terrible.
Honami: I wish I could draw regular pictures that don't always freak everyone out.


240 269:areatalk01_013

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato)

Minori: Hehe. Today's lunchtime practice sure went well.
Minori: Once afternoon classes are over, I can get back to practicing. Oh no!
Minori: I forgot that our next class is in a different room! And that's the warning bell! I've got to hurry!


241 270:areatalk01_018

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: I think those guys are members of the basketball team.
Haruka: I used to love all the dribbling and passing drills. It was hard making shots at the beginning, and I'd mess up passes all the time, but I eventually got the hang of it.
Haruka: Hehe. Being part of a club sure was fun. I know, maybe I could start playing again as part of my training routine.


242 271:areatalk01_021

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi)

Airi: Phew, that English quiz was a tough one.
Airi: Shizuku looked like she was having a hard time, too. I'll ask her if she wants to review the material again later.
Airi: We can't use the fact that we're idols as an excuse to ignore our studies.


243 272:areatalk01_026

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: I haven't been in charge of feeding the animals for a while. I wonder how the rabbits are doing.
Kohane: Hehe. Minori and I will take good care of them!


244 273:areatalk01_040

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Emu Otori)

Emu: Yahohoy♪ Time for club activities♪
Emu: I'll start with rhythmic gymnastics, then it's swimming, dance, and handball!
Emu: All right☆ Time to have fun with all my friends!


245 274:areatalk01_053

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: The arrow is a reflection of the mind. Clear one's mind, and your arrow will fly straight.
Mafuyu: I've never missed the target before, though...
Mafuyu: Reflection of a clear mind... Hmm...


246 275:areatalk01_054

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: First, I promised to help my classmates with their homework, then I've got the class rep meeting, followed by archery club.
Mafuyu: Dinner will probably be ready by the time I get home, and after that I'll take a bath...
Mafuyu: It doesn't look like I'm going to have much time to work on music tonight.


247 276:areatalk01_028

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi)

An: Phew, homeroom just went on and on today. I hope I can still make it home in time to help get ready to open.
An: Mizuki was actually here today, too. I wish we had more time to chat, but it'll have to wait until next time.


248 277:areatalk01_031

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Toya has library duty today...
Akito: Oh well. I'll go on ahead and wait for him at Ken's place.


249 278:areatalk01_034

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Exams are coming up. I'll bet Akito is betting on the questions being easy again.
Toya: He has so much potential. If he'd just study a little harder, he wouldn't have to take all those make-up tests.
Toya: I should give him a friendly reminder.


250 279:areatalk01_037

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: The musical I've been waiting to see finally opens today! I can't believe how hard it was just to get a ticket!
Tsukasa: If I'm going to read through the pamphlet before the show starts, I'll need to hightail it to the theater as soon as school gets out!


251 280:areatalk01_045

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: We have a fitness test in PE class today? It's mandatory, too...
Nene: I wish I could use Robo-Nene to take it.


252 281:areatalk01_047

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Why is it that every single show on tv about eating healthy tells you to eat vegetables?
Rui: If you ask me, they all taste like they should be bad for your health.


253 282:areatalk01_056

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Sigh... School is so boring.
Ena: Why can't I just go to an art school?
Ena: I guess there's no use complaining about that now. Time to head home and get back to drawing.


254 283:areatalk01_060

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Let's see. What's the cafeteria making today? Oh, special spicy curry!
Mizuki: This is always really good. It's got the perfect amount of spice to it.
Mizuki: I just wish I could eat it while it was still steaming. That way I could get a double dose of hot.


255 284:areatalk01_089

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): Doop doo♪ Doo-be-doo-be-doop♪
Miku (WxS): Hehe! Time to put on some more fun shows today☆


256 285:areatalk01_090

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: KAITO)

KAITO: All right, boys and girls! It's time for the show!
KAITO: No, that still sounds too stiff. It's missing something.
KAITO: Okay, everyone! The bestest show ever is about to begin!
KAITO: Oh, that's sounded much better. I think I'll go with that for today!


257 286:areatalk02_006

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Emu: Oh my, how terrible...
Tsukasa: (I don't think Emu could make it any more obvious that she's fishing for help...)
Emu: Oh dear... What a pickle I'm in. I sure wish there was somebody around who might be able to help! Oh, whatever shall I do?!
Tsukasa: All right, all right! Fine! What is it?!
Emu: Hurray! I could really use help moving that giant stage prop over there☆
Tsukasa: Oh, is that all? I got this! Just wait right there!


258 287:areatalk02_051

[Theme Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Emu, did you know there's a mystery novel set here at this amusement park? It's getting a live action TV series, too.
Emu: Really?! That means there's a detective in it, right?! I've always wanted to shout, That's your culprit right there!
Rui: They do seem popular right now. It might be fun to put on a show with a detective in it.
Rui: Hehe. Let's see what Tsukasa and Nene think of the idea.


259 288:areatalk02_110

[Theme Park]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hey, should we grab something before we line up for the next ride?
Shiho: I'm fine either way.
Shiho: Hm?!
Shiho: (That churro stall is selling churros with Pheeni on them! They're so cute...)
Saki: Hehe. Should we get one of those churros? We can buy one for Ichi and Hona, too.
Shiho: Oh, uh... Yeah, that works.
Shiho: (She totally read my reaction...)


260 289:areatalk02_048

[Main Street]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: Look, Nene! This claw machine is full of cute plushies!
Emu: You're really good at games, aren't you?!
Nene: Fighting games, yes. Claw machines, not so much.
Emu: .....
Nene: All right, fine. I guess it can't hurt to try.


261 290:areatalk02_086

[Main Street]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Ena Shinonome)

Akito: How did I get dragged into this?
Ena: You want some of their Ultimate Pancakes too, don't you? Now, which way?
Akito: Turn right. You know they only take ten orders per day, right? I'm not the one who can't wake up at a reasonable hour. I doubt they have any left this late in the day.
Ena: We won't know unless we try. Besides, even a failed trip will make for a good post.
Akito: Fine... But if they only have one left, I'd better get half.


262 291:areatalk02_089

[Main Street]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: I always see you making the coffee, but I've never actually seen you grind the beans before.
An: I'm still not very good at keeping a constant speed. I always end up with chunks.
An: I'd rather use an electric grinder, but my dad says the heat from the friction ruins the flavor or something.
Toya: I see. His attention to detail is probably why the coffee here always tastes so good.


263 292:areatalk02_097

[Main Street]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Honami, are you buying apple pies again?
Honami: Yeah... I-Is there something wrong with that?
Shiho: I just figured you'd get bored of them eventually.
Honami: What?! I could never! The sweet aroma... The juicy goodness that comes with every bite... I could eat them for every meal!
Shiho: I-I see...


264 293:areatalk02_101

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: Ichika, you always say you don't care about your clothes, but I think that's because you'd look good in anything. Even those punk clothes over there would probably work.
Ichika: You think so? I don't really pay attention to stuff like that.
Honami: What do you say we try some on? Maybe we'll get an idea for some costumes for our shows.
Ichika: That's fine with me. As long as you promise not to laugh if they look bad.


265 294:areatalk02_280

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku)

Minori: Miku, I love the costumes you and Rin wear. I didn't realize you had so many outfits apart from what you usually wear.
Miku (MMJ): Yep. What we wear changes depending on the stage and even what song we're singing.
Minori: That's so idol-like!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. You're an idol too, Minori. Your feelings are more important than the clothes you wear.
Minori: You're right. I'll be sure to practice hard again today so I can start giving people hope as soon as possible!


266 295:areatalk02_281

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kagamine Rin)

Minori: Humhumhuuum♪
Rin: What are you writing, Minori?
Minori: Hehehe. Well, I'm trying to come up with a good way to sign my name! I've got a few different designs, but...
Minori: Do you think you could give me some help?
Rin: For autographs, huh? That sounds fun! I'd love to help!


267 296:areatalk02_296

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku)

Kohane: Singing with you gives me a completely different sense of excitement than singing with An and the others does.
Miku (VBS): Your team members, the songs you sing, where you perform... Everything adds its own sense of excitement.
Kohane: I see... I want to experience as much as I can!
Miku (VBS): That's wonderful. I have a feeling you'll do more than just experience it, though. You'll be able to make your own kind of excitement.


268 297:areatalk02_301

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, MEIKO)

MEIKO: I understand you're always helping out your father at the cafe. You must really care about family.
An: You think so? I mostly do it because I like talking to all the people who come in.
MEIKO: I see. Many of your customers are fans of your father's or local musicians, aren't they?
An: Yeah. A lot of them have known my dad for a long time. I spend more time chatting than I do actually serving customers.
MEIKO: Hehe. It sounds like you help give your father's cafe a cozy, homely kind of feel.


269 298:areatalk02_306

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

Len: If you and Akito were to get into a fight, who would win?
Toya: I don't know. We don't really get into fights all that much.
Len: Really? But it has happened, though, right? Who won?
Toya: Well... I suppose I was the one who lost the fight we had after causing you all so much trouble.
Len: Oh, yeah! I remember that one!
Len: Still, it's hard to believe you've been singing together for two years yet barely ever fight. Rin and I get into arguments all the time.
Toya: Yeah, but I think that's just part of who you two are.


270 299:areatalk02_128

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Oh, Kanade! There you are. I was wondering why you weren't logged in.
Ena: Hehe. Hey, look at this cheesecake I had yesterday! Doesn't it just look so cute? It was so good!
Kanade: I had some cheesecake yesterday, too.
Ena: Really? Where did you go?
Kanade: Nowhere. It's canned cheesecake.
Ena: C-Canned?! Oh, that's right. You buy a lot of canned food so you can eat whenever you want.
Ena: (Hm... Is it any good? I'm actually a little curious.)


271 300:areatalk02_155

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: Hey, I was hoping to get your help with a problem...
Mizuki: Really?! It's not every day you ask me for help! What's up?!
Ena: Well, I went to this pancake place yesterday, but their lighting was terrible. None of my pictures do the pancakes justice.
Ena: Could you edit them for me? I tried adjusting the brightness, but it's just not enough.
Mizuki: That's your big problem? Could you not use me for your social media posts?


272 301:areatalk02_316

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Hatsune Miku)

Kanade: .....
Miku (N25): .....
Kanade: (It never feels awkward even if we're not speaking. I always feel so comfortable here.)
Miku (N25): (I'm glad that she comes to visit even if we don't talk. Still, I wish we would...)


273 302:areatalk02_317

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Mafuyu: Miku...
Miku (N25): Yeah?
Mafuyu: Miku
Miku (N25): !! Yes?
Mafuyu: (Sorry, Miku. It's just interesting how your reactions change so much depending on the tone of my voice.)


274 303:areatalk02_319

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Mizuki: Hey there, Miku! I thought I'd come hang out♪ You been lonely?
Miku (N25): Yeah. A little.
Mizuki: Hahaha. Thought so. There's nothing here.
Miku (N25): Nothing physical, no. However...this place does have music.
Mizuki: I guess that's true. Songs and music can change everything, including how you feel.
Mizuki: The first time I heard Kanade's songs, they made me feel all sorts of things!


275 304:areatalk01_002

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino)

Ichika: Oh, I thought this song sounded familiar. It's the one Miku sings in that video that's been going around lately.
Ichika: It's really cool to see how different Miku can be based on who wrote the song.


276 305:areatalk01_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino)

Ichika: Oh, it looks like this shop is doing a Miku collaboration.
Ichika: Teal glasses, wallets, all sorts of things. Everything is themed in Miku's colors.
Ichika: I wonder if the fast food place I work at would be interested in doing something like this.


277 306:areatalk01_004

[Main Street]

(Character: Saki Tenma)

Saki: Wow, look at all the stuff this place has! Oh!
Saki: Phone cases made to look like food?! There's even a cake and a fried egg one! Cool!
Saki: Oh, I wonder if they have one that looks like a yakisoba bun! Ichi would love that! Hehe.


278 307:areatalk01_007

[Main Street]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: What?! An apple pie with chocolate filling?!
Honami: And it's only available for a limited time...
Honami: Sounds delicious. I'll have to buy one every day while they have it.


279 308:areatalk01_011

[Main Street]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Oh, is this the ramen place everyone always goes to after a show?
Shiho: They were saying something about there being more green onions than noodles.
Shiho: I'm kind of curious. Maybe I'll give it a try.


280 309:areatalk01_012

[Theme Park]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Getting a free ticket in was great, but it sure has been a while since I've been here.
Shiho: Phenny is as cute as I remember.
Shiho: Oh, the cast are going to say a few words! I've got to get a picture!


281 310:areatalk01_014

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato)

Minori: Huh? I didn't know there was a costume rental place here. Oh, look at all the cute outfits!
Minori: Fluffy lace, silky satin... I bet these would feel great to perform in.
Minori: Hehe! I hope I get the chance to try them all!


282 311:areatalk01_016

[Main Street]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: Crepes, pancakes, all the latest popular sweets... This place has quite the selection.
Haruka: And everything looks so delicious.
Haruka: I'm at a really good weight right now, though, so I can't give in to temptation. I'll have to pass.


283 312:areatalk01_022

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Sigh, that quiz was quite challenging.
Shizuku: I know. I'll ask Airi if she wants to compare notes later. It's always easier to study subjects I'm not good at when she's around.


284 313:areatalk01_024

[Main Street]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Hehe. I came in glasses and a mask just like Airi suggested. My disguise is perfect.
Shizuku: Oh, but wait. That means Airi won't be able to recognize me.
Shizuku: And if she can't find me, we can't go shopping together. I guess I'll take off my disguise until she gets here.


285 314:areatalk01_030

[Main Street]

(Character: An Shiraishi)

An: Hm? That looks like the new hamburger I keep seeing advertised.
An: I'd try one if it didn't have tomato on it.
An: Who needs tomato on a burger when they already have ketchup on them, anyway?


286 315:areatalk01_032

[Main Street]

(Character: Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Huh, this area has a bunch of nice-looking shops.
Akito: The quality of their clothes looks pretty good for the price, too. I should stop and take a look.


287 316:areatalk01_036

[Main Street]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Akito is working today, and I don't really have plans to sing anywhere, so I'll drop by the arcade...
Toya: Hm? It's closed for maintenance...
Toya: I guess it's Ken's place again.


288 317:areatalk01_041

[Theme Park]

(Character: Emu Otori)

Emu: Good afternoon, everyone♪ Don't miss the show on the stage over there!
Emu: We've got mascots, robots, and lots and lots of smiles☆
Emu: Anyone looking for a fun-filled show, just follow me☆


289 318:areatalk01_042

[Theme Park]

(Character: Emu Otori)

Emu: Wahaha! I just came up with the perfect greeting for everyone who comes to see our show☆
Emu: Welcome to the super-duper-sparkly-warkly-jiggly-wiggly-huzzah-ful Wonder Stage!
Emu: Hehe! I can't wait to tell Tsukasa and the others!


290 319:areatalk01_043

[Main Street]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Hmm... Looks like they've got that new fighting game.
Nene: I want to try it out, but there are so many people. I'm not good with crowds.
Nene: I hope it gets ported soon so I can play it at home.


291 320:areatalk01_050

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: Oh, whatever this spice is, the smell is really strong... It's not as bad as cilantro or natto, but still...
Kanade: And this is the only way to the hospital.
Kanade: I'm going to have to go back, take a deep breath, then hold it to get through.


292 321:areatalk01_052

[Main Street]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: Oh, it looks like this place added a new extra spicy item to the menu. The last time everyone from class came here, none of them could handle the food.
Mafuyu: I wonder what Kanade and the others would think. I should bring them some sometime.


293 322:areatalk01_055

[Main Street]

(Character: Ena Shinonome)

Ena: This must be that pancake shop that's super picky about their ingredients and presentation.
Ena: Let's see. These fluffy pancakes are piled high with fruit! They look and taste great!
Ena: I bet I could rearrange these to look even tastier for a picture. Hehe. I'd get so many likes♪


294 323:areatalk01_084

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Miku (MMJ): ――♪――♪ Great, that's it for my vocal exercises!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I think we're up soon!
Miku (MMJ): Time to put on a great show so everyone can have fun♪


295 324:areatalk01_085

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Rin)

Rin: One, two, three, four! Five, six, seven, eight!
Rin: Hmm... My arms need to be more like this, I think. Oh, but doing it like this might make my pose look even cuter!
Rin: Hey, Miku, are you here? Can I get your opinion on these dance moves?


296 325:areatalk01_086

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Miku (VBS): Oh, it looks like there are some new drinks on the menu.
Miku (VBS): I always end up getting the same thing, but maybe I'll try one of the new ones today.


297 326:areatalk01_087

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Len)

Len: How is it that Miku and MEIKO can drink their coffee straight, without any milk or sugar?
Len: No, I'm sure even I can get used to it eventually!
Len: In fact, I think I'll order mine straight today!


298 327:areatalk01_088

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: MEIKO)

MEIKO: Even a little extra effort can completely change the aroma and taste of your coffee.
MEIKO: Maybe I should try roasting the beans myself so I can pick only the best ones.


299 328:areatalk01_091

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): .....
Miku (N25): .....
Miku (N25): I'm so bored...


300 329:areatalk01_092

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): Oh... It's a mirror.
Miku (N25): Angry face.
Miku (N25): Sad face.
Miku (N25): That's odd. Is my expression even changing?


301 330:areatalk01_093

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): ～♪ ～♪
Miku (N25): Everything really is more fun when I sing.


302 331:areatalk03_032

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: I heard there's a group who just put out a CD that's been putting on guerrilla gigs in the area recently.
Saki: Oh, are you talking about Vivid-something? I heard the same thing from a friend in my class.
Honami: Really? Did the group come out say something about it?
Shiho: From what I've heard, they got started by doing street performances. They probably wanted to reconnect with their roots.
Saki: Their roots? That makes sense. The place you first get started is probably kinda special.
Honami: For us, I suppose that would be our SEKAI.
Saki: Yeah. That place will always be special to us.


303 332:areatalk03_122

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: Oh, Shinonome, Aoyagi. Are you singing at another live house today?
Toya: No, we have practice.
Kohane: Oh, I see. Where do you two usually practice?
Akito: Usually on the street or in a park nearby. Sometimes we rent a studio space before an event.
Toya: What do you two usually do?
Kohane: Oh, An's dad lets us use the stage at Weekend Garage before they open, so we usually—
Akito: You practice at Ken's place?! That An, getting special treatment just because she's his daughter!
Toya: Someone sounds jealous.


304 333:areatalk03_125

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: What do you two do when you don't have practice or a gig?
Akito: I'm usually working.
Toya: I'm either in the library at school or—
Akito: He's always at the arcade.
Kohane: Really?! You go to the arcade, Aoyagi?
Toya: Yeah. I find the noise of the place kind of soothing.
Kohane: I see. Hehe. I would never have guessed.


305 334:areatalk03_159

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: Hey, you two decided where you're singing next?
An: We're still thinking about it. Why?
Akito: One of my friends owns a live house and is looking for performers for an upcoming event.
Toya: Unfortunately, we're already booked that night.
An: Ah, I see. I'll have to ask Kohane, but it should be fine.
Toya: Okay. Isn't that great, Akito? We can recommend them without having to worry.
Akito: I guess. I'll let my friend know you can make it. Just don't make me look bad.
An: Don't you worry about that! Kohane and I will put on a great show for your friend!


306 335:areatalk03_182

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: That was a splendid musical. What a nice way to spend another day off!
Tsukasa: Oh, is that Nene I see? Here to see a musical as well, are you?
Nene: Oh, crap...
Tsukasa: What was that reaction for?! Is that any way to greet your leader?
Nene: That was the first thing that came to mind, which is why I said it.
Tsukasa: And I'm trying to tell you that's not the proper—!
Rui: It is now time for another Scramble Crossing performance! We have 40 seconds before the light changes, so let the show begin!
Rui: Oh? Is that Tsukasa and Nene I see? Let us welcome two special guests to the stage!
Tsukasa & Nene: Oh, crap...


307 336:areatalk03_200

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: This intersection shows up in a lot of movies and dramas, doesn't it?
Nene: Yeah, I suppose it does. There are a lot of games that are set in this area as well.
Emu: Really?! Do you think any plays are set here?
Nene: No, I don't think I've ever seen a play set here.
Rui: Hehe. In that case, what do you say we make one?


308 337:areatalk03_242

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Kanade: .....
Ena: Oh, Kanade!
Mizuki: Hey, there! You on your way to the diner?
Kanade: No. It's so bright today that I was actually thinking of heading home.
Ena: Yeah, the weather is really nice today.
Mizuki: I'm not letting you go home, though♪ Mafuyu's on her way, so come on! The light's green. Let's go.


309 338:areatalk03_017

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hm... Which blush should I go with? Both of these colors look really good.
Shiho: Just pick one. They look exactly the same to me.
Saki: What are you talking about?! This one gives you a smooth complexion, and this one has glitter in it.
Honami: There's no need to force yourself to make a decision just yet. You might find something you like even more somewhere else.
Saki: Yeah, you're right. I'll give it a little more thought.
Shiho: (Nice one, Honami.)


310 339:areatalk03_092

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Airi, you sure bought a lot today.
Airi: That's true. I wasn't planning on buying so much, but I'm still within budget!
Haruka: Oh, you decide on a budget before going shopping?
Airi: Of course. I even have a little book where I keep track of all my spending.
Haruka & Shizuku: .....
Airi: Wh-What?! Why do you both look so surprised?!


311 340:areatalk03_227

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Interesting. There's an acrobatic performance today.
Emu: You're right! There's a poster for it! Let's go watch!
Rui: Sounds like a wonderful plan. What's this? Hehehe. It says here they're accepting participants without prior registration.
Nene: Are you thinking of performing? But you didn't bring any—
Rui: Hehehe. But of course I did. You never know when or where an opportunity might present itself.
Emu: Hurray! Let's all three of us go perform together, then!
Nene: W-Wait, I never said I wanted to join! Rui, stop smiling and get her to stop!


312 341:areatalk03_271

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Oh, look at how cute this plushie is! I think I'm gonna get it♪
Mafuyu: So this is where you get all those stuffed animals I see in the background of your selfies sometimes.
Kanade: That one seems a little different than the ones I remember seeing in your photos, though. 
Ena: Oh, you're probably talking about the ones I got from my brother.
Ena: He's got a friend who's obsessed with arcades or something. Every once in a while, he wins so many prizes that he gives me a few.
Ena: They're not always the kind I'd buy for myself, but they at least make interesting backdrops for photos.


313 342:areatalk03_286

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: All right, today, we're shopping for clothes for you two♪
Kanade: I don't need any clothes.
Mizuki: Sure you do! You're always wearing the same outfit. You should be wearing clothes that match the season!
Mafuyu: We can shop for Kanade, but I just wear whatever my mom buys for me.
Mizuki: That's fine as long as you really like them, but you've got to express your own personality with your clothes!
Mizuki: All right! Now I'm really fired up!
Mizuki: Kanade! Mafuyu! Today, we're going to find some clothes that both of you love!


314 343:areatalk03_031

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: Hm... I want to find some songs from a band with a drummer I like for inspiration, but I have no idea which bands might be good.
Ichika: You could ask Shiho if she has any recommendations. She should be here soon.
Saki: Yeah, but I feel like she'll just say something like, You've got to find something that sounds good to you.
Honami: Hehe. Your Shiho impressions are always spot on. I guess that's a good point, though. You need to find something like that for yourself.
Honami: All right, back to square one, then. I'll try to find someone with a sound I like.
Saki: Yeah! Make sure to ask us if you get stuck, though! We're friends, after all♪


315 344:areatalk03_046

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Here we go. Is this the CD you were looking for, Saki?
Saki: Yeah, that's it! You're amazing, Shiho. All I did was show you the artist's name and you knew exactly where it was!
Ichika: It's like you know this place better than the employees. How often do you come here?
Shiho: I usually stop by to kill time before work. I just sort of remember where everything is.
Saki: That's crazy! So is there anything in particular you'd recommend?
Ichika: Oh, I'd be curious to know as well.
Shiho: If you're okay with a little bias when it comes to genre, then follow me.


316 345:areatalk03_106

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh? This looks like idol merchandise. I wonder what it is. It seems to be a case for something long and thin.
Minori: That's a silver tape holder! You use them to save the streamers that get shot out during concerts.
Haruka: Now that you mention it, I remember signing some of those streamers in the past.
Shizuku: You mean there are fans who pick them up and save them?
Minori: Yep! Those streamers are a great way to remember all the concerts you've been to!


317 346:areatalk03_109

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Oh, they have a concert merchandise section!
Haruka: You're right. I see some towels and a whole lot of hand fans. Everyone always brings stuff like this to shows.
Shizuku: Yes. There were quite a few people who would bring their own home-made fans as well.
Minori: That's because hand fans are the perfect way to express your feelings! You use all your fan knowledge when making them.
Minori: I remember making a bunch of different fans for Haruka.
Haruka: What? For me?
Shizuku: Hehe. I'd be curious to see what sort of fans you made.


318 347:areatalk03_124

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: Look, An. It's one of your dad's CDs! It's even got that song you sang for me the other day!
Akito: You sang one of Ken's songs?
Kohane: Yeah! I got to hear her do the original, then a cover she arranged herself! It was really fun.
Akito: Huh. What did Ken think?
An: I wasn't about to sing it in front of him.
Akito: Oh. Well that's boring.
An: What about you, then? Would you sing one of my dad's songs in front of him?
Akito: No way.
An: That's what I thought.


319 348:areatalk03_126

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Check it out, Kohane. The guy who composes the songs for this musician is a regular at Weekend Garage. You remember the guy who's always sitting at the counter?
Kohane: Oh! You mean the one always wearing sunglasses?
An: Yeah, that's the one! Weren't you talking to him the other day, Toya?
Toya: Yeah. He actually approached me. Apparently he's heard of BAD DOGS.
Toya: We had a really interesting discussion. I learned a bit about a genre I don't usually listen to and got to ask some questions about composing songs.
An: That sort of thing is exactly the reason my dad started the restaurant in the first place. He looked really happy watching you two chat.
Kohane: That sounds nice. Maybe I should try talking with someone next time I'm there.


320 349:areatalk03_199

[Music Shop]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: Hey, how many times do you think they've done that musical with all the cats? Is it really that good?
Tsukasa: How can you even ask that?! It's a worldwide sensation, you know! Everyone should see it at least once!
Nene: Yeah. I think you would really like it, Emu. Watching it makes you feel like you're turning into a cat.
Emu: What?! You two actually agree on something?! Well if you both say so, then I guess I've got to see it!


321 350:areatalk03_010

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Ichika, you improve every time I see you.
Ichika: You and Miku have both taught me so much. I try to practice guitar a little every day, too.
Miku (Ln): That's important. I try to keep mine close by as well.
Luka: Hehe. I'm very much looking forward to seeing how much you two improve.
Ichika: Thanks, Luka. I'll do my best to keep up with you, Miku.


322 351:areatalk03_025

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Saki: The keyboard kinda feels like an accessory that adds a little spice to a band, y'know?
Saki: Or maybe that's just how I feel about it...
Miku (Ln): There's nothing wrong with having a unique perspective. It helps to give the band character.
Saki: Character...?
Luka: I agree. Besides, music isn't something you can see. Being able to imagine the sound you want to make in your mind will help you improve.
Saki: That makes sense! I guess I'll hold onto this feeling, then!


323 352:areatalk03_040

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Honami, you're really good at keeping a rhythm on your drums. It makes playing much easier.
Miku (Ln): I agree. Are you doing some kind of drills to practice?
Honami: Well, not really. I just make sure to always keep the rhythm in mind.
Honami: I've learned that even the smallest things can cause me to waver when it comes to school or friends, so I've decided that I can at least be steady while I'm playing.
Miku (Ln): I see. Well, you can hear your determination in the way you play. That's really cool, Honami.
Honami: What?! Oh, um... Thanks, Miku.


324 353:areatalk03_056

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Shiho, you always seem so much more determined than the others while you're practicing.
Miku (Ln): I've noticed that too. What drives you so hard?
Shiho: There's this bassist I really look up to who says the bass guitar is powerful enough to set the atmosphere of a place.
Shiho: I work so hard because I want to be good enough to do that.
Miku (Ln): Whoa, that sounds so cool!
Luka: I agree. It's always easier to find who you want to be when you have friends you want to help support.


325 354:areatalk03_127

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: Have you two always liked music?
An: Well, my dad was a musician, so music was just sort of always around when I was growing up. It's more like a part of me, if that makes sense.
Kohane: Huh. What about you, Shinonome? Were you already into music before you met An's dad?
Akito: I liked it as much as anybody, I guess. I didn't really get into it until after I met Ken, though.
Kohane: So it kind of started because of RAD WEEKEND, then? I wish I'd been there to see it.
An: Don't worry. You'll be able to experience something just as good... No, something even better since we're gonna put on an event to surpass it!
Kohane: Yeah, that's right!


326 355:areatalk03_128

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: Hey, are you making sure to practice your singing?
Kohane: Oh, yeah. I usually practice with An, but I do a little at home, too.
Kohane: I can't sing too loudly or too late at night, though.
Akito: As long as you're doing something. You're still a novice, so it's important not to slack off.
Kohane: Right!
Toya: (A novice, huh? Ken said the exact same thing to us when we were first starting out.)


327 356:areatalk03_130

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Miku (VBS): Welcome back. It's nice to see you again.
Kohane: Hi. I just got the urge to visit the cafe.
MEIKO: Hehe. You're becoming quite the regular. I know, how would you like to try customizing your usual coffee?
Kohane: Customize? You mean like adding more milk or putting some whipped cream on top?
MEIKO: Exactly! Since you visit so often, I want to help you find something you enjoy.
Miku (VBS): I've come up with some suggestions. Would you like to give them a try?
Kohane: Really?! Sure, I'd love to!


328 357:areatalk03_131

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Len: Kohane, are you here by yourself today?
Kohane: Yeah. An's busy with committee work at school, so she won't be done until late. What about you, Len? Where's Rin?
Len: I was just with her. She's still practicing with Miku, but I needed to take a break.
MEIKO: Hehe. Miku said she's trying to master a new song. They've been practicing for a while now.
Len: Miku's getting a little obsessed. I wish she'd think a little more about the people she's making practice with her.
Kohane: That sounds tough... I wonder what kind of song she's practicing. I can't wait to hear it.


329 358:areatalk03_132

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Hm? What's wrong, Kohane? You seem a little down.
Kohane: Oh... Well, I was practicing with An and the others, but I just couldn't seem to keep pace with them...
Len: Really? But your singing is so good.
MEIKO: It's most likely your difference in experience. Those three are all used to singing with others.
Len: That makes sense. That's not really something you can rush.
MEIKO: Try not to be too hard on yourself. Everyone starts somewhere. Gaining experience takes time.
Kohane: Yeah, you're right. The others told me the same thing. Okay then, I'll do my best!


330 359:areatalk03_162

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Akito: Do you serve anything sweet here?
MEIKO: Sweet? You mean like parfait or pancakes?
Akito: Yeah, pancakes would be perfect!
Len: Huh, I didn't picture you as the pancake type. Haha, that doesn't match your personality at all.
Akito: What's that supposed to mean? Oh well, I guess I shouldn't expect a kid who needs to add a mountain of sugar to their coffee to understand.
Len: Hey, who are you calling a kid?
MEIKO: Hehe. That's enough, you two. How about we get everyone together soon and do a pancake taste-testing day?


331 360:areatalk03_217

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Have we decided on what we're doing for our next show?
Emu: Actually, there are so many things I want to do that I can't decide!
Tsukasa: Heh. I have a suggestion.
Tsukasa: What if we do an episodic style show? By doing a bunch of smaller shows, we'll be able to include everything you have in mind!
Nene: Huh. That's actually a good idea for once.
Tsukasa: What do you mean, for once?!
Emu: I like that idea! Great, let's go see what Rui thinks!


332 361:areatalk03_224

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

KAITO: I understand you two are childhood friends. Did you spend a lot of time together growing up?
Nene: Yeah. We'd play video games, test drive the robots Rui built, and watch a lot of musicals.
Rui: We were usually doing one of those three things. I think our most common interest was the musicals.
Nene: Though I was usually watching the actors while Rui was more interested in the stage production.
KAITO: Interesting. You would watch the same thing, but were focused on different aspects. That sounds like a great arrangement.
Rui: Hehehe. At the time, we would simply discuss the parts we really liked, but I suppose it was rather interesting.


333 362:areatalk03_235

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

KAITO: No matter how many times I see Robo-Nene, I can't help but be impressed. How long have you been making robots like this, Rui?
Rui: I believe I first started in middle school.
Miku (WxS): Oh, do you still have any of the ones you made back then? Do they still work?
Rui: I do, though I'm not sure as to whether they still work. Perhaps they deserve an opportunity to be in the spotlight, though.
Rui: I'll bring some next time and we can test them out.
Miku (WxS): Awesome! I can't wait☆


334 363:areatalk03_250

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): .....
Mafuyu: .....
Kanade: (There's not really much for the three of us to talk about. It's nice not to feel pressured into making conversation.)
Mafuyu: Is something wrong, Kanade?
Kanade: No, nothing at all.
Miku (N25): (Kanade and Mafuyu seem to be doing somewhat better today. That's a relief.)


335 364:areatalk03_262

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Hey, how did you two come up with your usernames?
Kanade: I didn't want to bother thinking of something, so I just went with my initial.
Mafuyu: I'm not particularly picky either, so I just chose a word related to the meaning of my name.
Kanade: Yours comes from your name too, doesn't it?
Ena: Y-Yeah. It felt more personal that way.
Ena: (There's no way I can tell them I spent forever trying to come up with a good one only to give up and settle for something related to my actual name.)


336 365:areatalk03_266

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Ena: Hey, what do the two of you usually talk about?
Mafuyu: What do we talk about? Nothing, really.
Miku (N25): Yeah, we don't usually talk.
Ena: R-Really?
Ena: (This silence feels so awkward!)


337 366:areatalk03_281

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Mizuki: I love your outfit, Miku. It's so unique.
Ena: I feel like I heard about a shop that just opened that carries clothes like hers.
Mizuki: Now that's interesting news! Where is it? What's it called?
Ena: Oh, um, I just saw it when I was egosurfing social media the other day.
Miku (N25): So you don't remember.
Mizuki: Why'd you have to say anything?! Now I'm not going to be able to stop thinking about it!


338 368:areatalk03_047

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Your mom teaches the koto, right Shiho? Did you ever learn how to play before you got into bass?
Shiho: I played around with it when I was little, but never more than the basics.
Saki: I see. If we were judging by looks, I'd guess Hona would be most likely to know how to play.
Honami: H-Huh? Me? I've never even touched a string instrument.
Honami: Besides, I'd never look good playing such a refined instrument. It wouldn't suit me at all.
Shiho: You don't think so? I'd say you were the most suited out of any of us by far. Especially Saki. She'd never be able to sit still that long.
Saki: Yeah, well who'd want to sit around just to put on airs, anyway?!


339 369:areatalk03_076

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Haruka, you're always so precise in everything you do. It's like you don't have a single weak spot as an idol.
Haruka: You think so? I guess I do tend to do everything similarly to how I would when I was working.
Minori: Yeah, I agree! Your posture is always perfect, you're never late, you exercise and study every day, and you're always so dazzling it's almost blinding!
Airi: Putting aside the fervent fan's assessment for a moment...
Airi: I probably don't have to worry about you, but it's okay to relax sometimes, you know. And you should.
Haruka: I know. I try to do so in my own way, but thank you for worrying about me, Airi.


340 370:areatalk02_297

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Kagamine Len)

Len: Heya, Kohane! You having fun singing again today?
Kohane: Yeah! How are things between you and Rin?
Len: Urk...
Kohane: Huh?! Don't tell me you got into another fight?
Len: Hahaha! I'm just joking. We were just singing together a little while ago.


341 371:areatalk02_298

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, MEIKO)

MEIKO: You want me to teach you to make coffee?
Kohane: Yes. An is always treating me to tea, so I thought it would be nice to learn to make coffee for her.
MEIKO: Hehe. Okay, let's give it a try then, shall we?
Kohane: Thank you so much, MEIKO!
MEIKO: But if I'm going to teach you, we're going to do this right. Got it?
Kohane: Right! I'm ready!


342 372:areatalk02_299

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (VBS): An, what do you usually do to help your dad at the cafe?
An: Same as you. I do a little of everything. I can even cook everything we have on the menu.
Miku (VBS): That's impressive. I'm...not sure I'll ever be able to do that.
An: What are you talking about? You're the one who helped Kohane out, remember? Everyone messes up from time to time. You just have to try.
Miku (VBS): You think so? Okay, maybe I will.


343 373:areatalk02_300

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Kagamine Len)

An: Is there anything you do to get along better with your singing partner?
Len: It's kind of embarrassing for me to be giving advice after that big fight Rin and I had, but I try to pay close attention to her.
Len: What does she want to do? What is she trying to say? You can usually figure that kind of stuff out by looking at your partner's face.
Len: Oh, Toya might be different, though.
An: Yeah, he's much more difficult to read. I can leave that up to Akito, though.


344 374:areatalk02_302

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (VBS): Akito, have you been singing with Kohane and the others lately?
Akito: Not really. We usually all perform at the same events, but we haven't really found the right time to perform together as a group.
Miku (VBS): Still trying to figure out what works?
Akito: Yeah. I hope we can find a way that works soon.


345 375:areatalk02_303

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Kagamine Len)

Len: AAAH-kito!
Akito: Whoa! Don't do that. Where'd you come from, anyway?
Len: Hehe. That side road over there. This SEKAI is full of secret alleys!
Len: Oh, hey. MEIKO is out cleaning the terrace just around the corner. Want to come scare her with me?
Akito: I'll pass. I'd rather not make her mad. I suggest you stop, too. She'll ban you from the cafe, you know.


346 376:areatalk02_304

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Oh, hello there. You have great timing. Would you help me with a quick survey?
Akito: Sure. I mean, you're always helping us out.
MEIKO: If you were to add something to the dessert menu other than cheesecake or chiffon cake, what would it be?
Akito: Um... Pancakes, I guess.
MEIKO: Hehe. I wasn't expecting such a cute answer from you. That's more of a side item than a main dessert, but I'll keep it in mind!


347 377:areatalk02_305

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (VBS): Hey, you can play the piano, right? If we had a piano, would you play it for me?
Toya: I haven't played in a long time. It probably wouldn't sound very good.
Miku (VBS): Does that mean you don't want to?
Toya: Yeah, sorry...
Miku (VBS): It's all right. I just thought I'd ask. If you do ever start playing the piano again, though, please let me know.
Toya: Sure. I'll do that...


348 378:areatalk02_307

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Hi, Toya. The usual black coffee?
Toya: Yes, please.
MEIKO: You really love your coffee, don't you? Hehe. As the manager, it's always nice to see people enjoying my drinks so much.
Toya: As your customer, I appreciate how you continue to adjust your beverages to suit my preferences. It's always fun to taste the subtle changes.
MEIKO: Oh, so you noticed! One of these days, I'll find just the right blend for you.


349 379:areatalk02_332

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Len: Hey, Miku! We should sing together some time!
Miku (VBS): Sure, but won't Rin get upset?
Len: Nah! She says she wants to DJ for us!
Miku (VBS): Oh? Let's do it at MEIKO's place, then. That way she can join us without having to close the cafe.
Len: Oh, great idea! Let's do it!


350 380:areatalk02_333

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Miku (VBS): Yum, this café au lait is so good.
MEIKO: You look pretty comfortable. Weren't you supposed to be helping out today?
Miku (VBS): Yeah, but we don't have any customers. I'll get up the moment someone shows up.
MEIKO: Hehe. What am I going to do with you?


351 381:areatalk02_334

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Oh, Len! Wonderful timing. I made a new item I wanted to test for the dessert menu.
Len: And you want me to eat it?! All right!
MEIKO: Not so fast! You have to split it with Rin.
Len: Yeah, yeah. I'm not a kid, you know. I promise not to hog it all for myself.
MEIKO: I'm going to hold you to that. And make sure you let me know what you both think!


352 385:areatalk02_216

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: Shinonome, is it true that you know how to beatbox?
Akito: Huh? Where did that come from?
Kohane: Oh, Aoyagi told me you could. I was kinda hoping you could show me a little...
Akito: Dammit, Toya...
Akito: I'm sure you'll get the chance to hear it sooner or later. Not happening now, though.


353 386:areatalk02_217

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: MEIKO's coffee is always so delicious.
Kohane: Yeah. It's a different kind of taste than the coffee An's dad always makes.
Toya: I think the way they roast their beans is different. I even tried the same kind of bean, but it still tasted different.
Kohane: Hehe. You're always trying different things. You really like coffee, don't you?
Kohane: I always get mine with different flavors and toppings. Maybe I'll try it black next time.


354 387:areatalk02_220

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: MEIKO is amazing. I heard she even makes her own muffins.
Kohane: Really?! They're so delicious. She's amazing.
An: Hahaha. That's exactly what I just said.
Kohane: Oh, um... I guess I just couldn't think of another way to put it.
An: Hehe. I suppose when something's amazing, you just have to say so!


355 388:areatalk02_221

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

An: Hey, Kohane tells me she's been wanting to hear you beatbox.
Akito: Sure, one of these days.
An: Why not just show her? It would only take a minute.
Akito: I don't want to feel like I'm showing off.
An: How is that showing off? If someone asked me to sing for them, I'd do it.
Akito: Don't put me in the same boat as you...


356 389:areatalk02_223

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Shiraishi, Ken never actually told you to get into music, right?
An: That's right. Music, or rather singing, just sort of felt like the right thing to do.
An: And... I'm not trying to brag, but my dad is really cool, don't you think?
An: Seeing him like that all the time, I think it would be kinda weird if I hadn't wanted to be like him.
Toya: That makes sense. If I were you, I probably would have thought the same thing.


357 390:areatalk02_226

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: Oh, it sounds like Miku is off singing somewhere again.
Akito: All of her lyrics are so spot-on. Her voice never wavers.
Akito: Being a virtual singer is one thing, but hearing her sing right in front of you is something else. I can't think of any better way to say it.
Kohane: I agree. I wonder if she practices her enunciation.
Akito: I'd be surprised if she didn't. The way she sings makes it feel like she's bringing the words to life with her voice.
Kohane: Yeah, that's really important when it comes to singing.


358 391:areatalk02_228

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Oh, hey. Len was looking for you.
An: Hm? I wonder what for.
Akito: He said he wants to sing with us. He just invited me.
An: Len is a DJ, isn't he? I wonder what kind of show it'll be!
Akito: I'm curious, too. He should still be at the cafe. You should go talk to him while you're here.


359 392:areatalk02_229

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: It's fun singing up in front of a crowd, but it's nice singing just the two of us sometimes, too.
Toya: Yeah, it's much easier to relax.
Akito: It's really quiet here too, so we can actually hear the small changes in each other's voices.
Toya: And being able to focus on our own voices without having to worry about how the crowd is reacting is helpful.
Akito: You're right. We don't get the chance to do this very often.
Toya: Yeah. I'm quite enjoying it.


360 393:areatalk02_231

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: H-Hey, Aoyagi...? I wanted to try studying more about singing, but I'm not sure where to start.
Toya: Do you mean singing techniques?
Kohane: Yeah. So far, I've just sort of been singing in whatever way I think might sound cool or be the most fun.
Toya: I'm actually mostly self-taught in that area as well, but learning all the lingo and studying different methods of expression would be a good place to start.
Toya: You've probably been using some unconsciously up until now, but knowing more about them will help you use them more effectively.
Kohane: So, terminology and methods of expression, got it! Thanks, Aoyagi.


361 394:areatalk02_235

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Len sure is running late.
Akito: You can say that again. And he's the one who told us to meet in front of this graffiti.
Akito: Hey... You're sure this is the right graffiti, yeah?
Toya: Well, I thought so... But now that you mention it...
Akito: Just great. We'll wait a little longer. If he doesn't show, we'll go look for him.


362 395:areatalk02_126

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Kanade: Mafuyu, I had a question about these lyrics...
Mafuyu: Do they not match the melody?
Kanade: No, that's not it. I was just wondering if they had a double meaning.
Mafuyu: Yes, that's right. I'm amazed you noticed so quickly.


363 396:areatalk02_145

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: I finished the arrangement for those tracks you sent me the other day.
Kanade: Already? That was even more than normal.
Mafuyu: Everyone's been working so hard. I felt like I should put in a little more effort too.
Kanade: Are you making sure to eat properly and get enough sleep?
Mafuyu: Hahaha. I'm probably eating and sleeping better than you, at the very least.


364 397:areatalk02_149

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Huh? What are you doing here in the afternoon? Don't you have school?
Mafuyu: We have tests all week, so we only have half days. What about you? Are you skipping class again?
Mizuki: No, I actually came to school today. Class was just super boring, so I decided to come here♪
Mafuyu: Hehe. In other words, you're skipping. Maybe I should let Miku know so she'll send you back.
Mizuki: Huh?! Oh, hey! How about we write some music together?! What do you think? Sounds fun, right?


365 398:areatalk02_151

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Kanade, you've been coming here a lot recently to work.
Kanade: Yeah. When I'm in my room, I'm surrounded by computers, food, and a bunch of other things. This place is empty, though. It makes it easier to concentrate.
Kanade: It also feels like I'm closer to everyone's feelings when I'm here. It helps me write.
Ena: Kanade...
Ena: (Closer to everyone's feelings, huh? Maybe I should try drawing here some time.)


366 399:areatalk02_153

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Oh, Mafuyu... Are you working?
Mafuyu: No, I'm taking a break. You?
Ena: Same here. I needed a breather...
Ena: This place always feels eerily gloomy, but for some reason I can't help coming.
Mafuyu: I know how you feel. Oh, since you're here, you should say hi to Miku. I'm sure she'd be happy to see you.


367 400:areatalk02_156

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, I get paid tomorrow. You want to go shopping with me?
Ena: Sure, why not. I didn't know you had a job, though.
Mizuki: Yeah. I work in a clothing store.
Ena: Oh, making money by doing something you already like, huh?
Mizuki: Exactly! Makes sense, right?
Ena: That's how Akito decided on his part-time job.
Ena: (Doing what you like for work... Sounds nice, I guess.)


368 401:areatalk02_158

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Kanade, I know your favorite food is instant noodles, but is there anything you hate?
Kanade: Anything with a really strong smell like cilantro or natto.
Mizuki: Strong smells, huh? For me, it's chewy textures. Anything with slimy mushrooms is a definite no for me.
Kanade: Textures? That makes sense. Just being able to put it in your mouth in the first place can be the biggest hurdle.
Mizuki: Right?! I'm so glad someone else gets it!


369 402:areatalk02_159

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, Kanade, I've got a coupon for the salon. Would you like it?
Mizuki: I imagine taking care of such long hair is pretty hard. Do you ever get split ends?
Kanade: I dunno. I've never worried about it before. All I really do after a shower is dry it and brush it out.
Mizuki: For someone who forgets to even eat, I almost didn't expect you to do that much.
Kanade: If I don't dry it, it drips all over the floor. Besides, I don't want to catch a cold.
Mizuki: Hahaha. If you got sick, you wouldn't be able to write music. For you, that'd be a big problem.


370 403:areatalk02_162

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Huh? I haven't seen you draw in a sketchbook for a while.
Ena: Is there something wrong with that? Even I get the urge to draw on paper sometimes.
Mizuki: Let me see. Hey, why'd you hide it?! Can't I at least get a peek?
Ena: No way. What I'm drawing is none of your business. And go sit over there or something. You're distracting me.
Mizuki: You know, telling someone they can't do something only makes them want to do it that much more. It's human nature.
Ena: Is that so? I guess I'll just go back to my room, then.
Mizuki: What? You're really not going to show me?! C'mon, Ena!


371 404:areatalk02_261

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Kanade: Mafuyu, are you good at housework?
Mafuyu: As good as most people, I suppose.
Kanade: As most people? I guess I'm not most people, then...
Mafuyu: Huh? Did something happen?
Kanade: I was doing laundry and ended up shrinking some of my favorite clothes.
Mafuyu: Ah, that happens sometimes. That just makes you kinda cute. And unique.


372 405:areatalk02_263

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: This place is just as empty and quiet as ever.
Kanade: Yeah. I feel like I could get a lot of work done here. Maybe I'll bring my equipment some time.
Mafuyu: It might be a good place to focus, but what are you going to do for power?
Kanade: Maybe there are outlets on the back of these strange things stuck in the ground...
Mafuyu: ...Sorry, but there aren't.


373 406:areatalk02_264

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Sigh... No matter how much sleep I get these days, my head never quite feels clear. Does that ever happen to you, Kanade?
Kanade: No, not really.
Ena: Really? I feel like you're the kind of person who never gets enough sleep. How many hours do you usually get?
Kanade: I'm not sure. Most of the time, I just sort of fall asleep while I'm in the middle of something.
Ena: I-Is that so?
Ena: (I should probably be more worried about her passing out on the floor and catching a cold than her getting enough sleep.)


374 407:areatalk02_265

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

Kanade: I feel like this would be a really good place for focusing on work.
Ena: Yeah. We seem to be able to bring our phones with us. We could probably bring computers, too.
Kanade: A laptop, maybe. I think I'll just bring some paper to work on.
Ena: (Does she actually want to work here that badly?)


375 408:areatalk02_266

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Kanade, how long have you been writing songs?
Kanade: I started writing seriously when I was in about 5th grade.
Mizuki: Really? I didn't start until junior high. I didn't care much for school and just made videos all the time. I guess I still do that, though. Haha.
Mizuki: I feel like being able to keep doing what you love is the best kind of happiness.
Kanade: Yeah.


376 409:areatalk02_268

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

Kanade: ――――♪
Mafuyu: I thought it was your voice, Kanade. Were you singing that melody just now?
Kanade: Yes, but it's still not quite right.
Mafuyu: I'd like to hear what it's like from the beginning. Would you mind singing it again?
Kanade: Sure. Let me know what you think.


377 410:areatalk02_270

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: This place feels like a blank canvas.
Mafuyu: If it were your canvas, what would you paint?
Ena: What would I paint? Flowers are the first thing to come to mind. Maybe a single flower over there.
Mafuyu: A flower, huh? I bet it's nice to be able to think of something you like so easily.
Ena: I'm sure even you could do it if you tried. I could even help if you don't think you can do it on your own.
Mafuyu: You can be really kind sometimes, Ena.
Ena: Yeah, yeah. I don't really have a choice when I'm dealing with a pain in the butt like you.


378 411:areatalk02_271

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Miku says this SEKAI is made from feelings, but don't any of you ever wonder what that place really is?
Mafuyu: Not really. It's comfortable here. That's all that matters.
Mizuki: But what if there's some kind of great mystery to uncover?
Mafuyu: What kind of mystery?
Mizuki: I don't know... Maybe buried treasure?
Mafuyu: You watch too much TV, Mizuki.


379 412:areatalk02_273

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

Kanade: Ena, isn't it time for you to go to school?
Ena: Yeah, just about.
Ena: You're enrolled in a correspondence school so you never have to go anywhere, right? I should have done that.
Kanade: I still have to get the required amount of credits before I can graduate.
Kanade: Some people take their time, though. I've heard of a few who took classes for ten years before graduating.
Ena: If I was told I could do things at my own pace like that, I have a feeling I might never graduate.


380 413:areatalk02_274

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: It's always the same here whether it's day or night. It really messes with your sense of time.
Kanade: You think so? My room is always like this, so I guess I didn't really notice.
Kanade: I never get hungry here, either. If only there were power outlets, it would be the perfect place to work.
Ena: If that were the case, I have a feeling you'd be shut up in here even more often than Mafuyu.


381 414:areatalk02_275

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Mafuyu: Do the part-time night school students have club activities as well?
Ena: I'm sure some of them do. At my school, I think they attend clubs along with the regular students.
Mafuyu: You don't, though?
Ena: No, it's too much work. Why exactly did you decide to join a club, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Why? Isn't that the normal thing to do when you're in high school?
Ena: Oh, so that's how it is...


382 415:areatalk02_276

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, Ena. You want to meet up in person some time?
Ena: Huh? That's what we're doing now.
Mizuki: Not here. Somewhere in town. There's a new shop opening in the mall soon that I want to visit.
Ena: Oh, you mean that new fashion brand that's opening their first shop in Japan?
Mizuki: Yeah, that's the one!
Ena: Well, I can't say I'm not interested. I guess I can keep you company.
Mizuki: No need for games. The fact that you even know about it tells me you really want to go.


383 416:areatalk02_278

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: I'm so bored...
Kanade: Yeah, there's not much to do around here.
Mizuki: Aren't you bored, Kanade? You've been doing nothing, same as me.
Kanade: Not really. I've been thinking of a new melody.
Mizuki: Oh, nice! How's it coming? Can I help you brainstorm?


384 417:areatalk02_318

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Ena: Miku, your fashion sense is so nice. Especially your footwear.
Miku (N25): My...fashion sense?
Ena: Yeah. One whole foot is bare. I'd call that a pretty bold fashion statement.
Miku (N25): This is fashion?
Ena: Are you saying it's not? Don't tell me you lost one of your socks or something.
Miku (N25): I don't know. It's just always been this way.
Ena: I see... Well, as long as you didn't lose anything...


385 418:areatalk02_013

[Theme Park]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

Minori: Look at all the rides! I want to try as many as possible!
Kohane: Most people go straight for the popular rides as soon as the park opens, so the best way to enjoy as many as possible is to start with whichever one is closest.
Minori: Whoah! I should have known the Phoenix Wonderland expert would know the best route!
Kohane: I-I don't know if I'd call myself an expert.
Kohane: I just figured I'd do my best to show you as much of the park as possible.
Minori: Woohoo! Lead the way, Kohane!


386 419:areatalk02_046

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Emu: Have a wonderhoy-ful day☆
Tsukasa: Gaaaaahhhh!
Tsukasa: Wh-Who jumps out of the ground to scare people like that?! How were you hiding down there, anyway?
Emu: I dug a hole and climbed inside to wait, of course. I dug more all over the place, so you won't know when or where I'll pop out with another wonderhoy-ful greeting!
Tsukasa: You did what?! Go fill in those holes right now!


387 420:areatalk02_061

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Hehehe. Tsukasa, this is just a prototype, but I finished the popper-upper. Care to give it a try?
Tsukasa: Oh! You mean the hidden pad that'll launch me up from beneath the stage? How high will I go?
Rui: I'm not sure. I would guess about ten meters.
Tsukasa: Ten meters?! I'd break through the roof!


388 421:areatalk02_064

[Theme Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Hey, Rui. I just thought of something fun♪ What if we...*psst psst psst*...
Rui: Hm, I see. A performance with water effects, huh?
Rui: Our options will be pretty limited if we do something like that on the Wonder Stage.
Rui: Hehehe. It would take a first-rate director to pull something like that off. All right, I'll give it a try.
Emu: Hurray! That settles it! Our next performance will be set in an ocean world full of water☆


389 422:areatalk02_096

[Theme Park]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma)

Saki: Hey, let's go check out some rides before we watch my brother's show! I know, let's ride the roller co—
Ichika: Saki, you know I'm not good with the thrill rides.
Saki: Hehe, sorry. You just look so cute when you get scared. I couldn't help myself.
Ichika: If you keep this up, I'm not going to go to your brother's show with you.
Saki: Ah! I'm just joking! I'm sorry! O gracious Madame Ichika! Please forgive me!


390 423:areatalk02_188

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Tsukasa: I've been meaning to ask for a while now, but why is the mascot here a penguin?
Emu: It's not! It's a phoenix! Right now it's still a cute, round baby, but once it grows up it'll be really cool!
Tsukasa: Oh, does that mean there are plans for it to grow into an adult someday?
Emu: Nope.
Tsukasa: No?!


391 424:areatalk02_194

[Theme Park]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: Hm? Well if it isn't Shiho. You here alone today?
Shiho: Ts-Tsukasa?!
Tsukasa: What's in the bag you're hiding behind your back? Oh, a Pheeni plushie?
Shiho: Oh, this is, um...
Tsukasa: A gift for a friend, perhaps? The mascot here is quite popular, after all. Not quite as popular as myself, however! Hahaha!
Shiho: (I-I can't let him know it's for me...)


392 425:areatalk02_196

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Emu: Tsukasa, is there anyone you really respect?
Tsukasa: Now that's a great question! There was a musical I once saw as a child—
Emu: I look up to my grandpa!
Tsukasa: Um, what about my story?
Emu: I want to make everyone who comes to have fun leave with a smile, just like he used to! So let's give it our all to do just that! Okay?!
Tsukasa: Why did you ask if you aren't going to listen?!


393 426:areatalk02_203

[Theme Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: How long have you been a stage hand, Emu?
Emu: Um, probably since I was about 10!
Nene: That's about the same time I started studying musicals.
Emu: Really?! That makes us kinda like twins! How wonderful☆
Nene: Not really... It's just a coincidence.


394 427:areatalk02_010

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Here's your crepe, Haruka! To be honest, I was a little surprised when you invited me out to eat.
Haruka: This is my all-time favorite crepe from this shop, but it's only available for a limited time every year.
Minori: Oh? Well it must be really good for you to break your usual dietary restrictions.
Haruka: Hehe. I can personally guarantee that. And don't worry about my diet. I've been cutting back on my sugar and calories for the past month in preparation for today.
Minori: Wh-What?! The past month?! That's majorly impressive!


395 428:areatalk02_027

[Main Street]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Oh, I came to this karaoke place a long time ago to film a variety show.
Shizuku: You did a show here?
Airi: Yeah. It was a surprise show where we barged into rooms of groups singing our songs and started singing with them.
Airi: It was really fun surprising the fans and performing right there in front of them.
Shizuku: Hehe. That does sound fun. I wonder if the four of us will be able to do that someday.
Airi: Dunno. I hope we get the chance, though.


396 429:areatalk02_028

[Main Street]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Ena Shinonome)

Airi: Whoa. I thought this would be early enough, but the line is already really long.
Ena: This lipstick is only being offered in a limited quantity. I hope we can actually get one.
Airi: I think they're doing a sort of raffle with numbered tickets. We should at least stick around and try.
Ena: I guess you're right. I already went to the trouble of getting up early. Besides, it's been forever since we were able to catch up.
Airi: Yeah! There's so much I want to chat about! Like, there's this underclassman I recently met at school who's really interesting!
Ena: Really? Tell me everything!


397 430:areatalk02_045

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Emu: AAAHHHHHH!!!
Tsukasa: Wh-What?! What is it?!
Emu: The taiyaki shop I used to visit with my grandpa is gone!
Tsukasa: Taiyaki? Oh, it's not gone. It just moved around the corner.
Emu: Really?! Where?!
Tsukasa: Hey, I can barely move! I'll take you, but you've got to back up first!


398 431:areatalk02_052

[Main Street]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Nene Kusanagi)

Honami: I know I had a coupon, but I think I may have gone a little overboard... Ah!
Nene: Ah!
Nene: (I managed to catch it without thinking, but what is this? An apple pie? How many of these does this girl have?)
Honami: O-Oh, I'm so sorry! I wasn't watching where I was going. Please, keep that apple pie as an apology.
Nene: U-Um, thanks...


399 432:areatalk02_055

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Tsukasa, do you always have to walk so strange?
Tsukasa: Hm? Strange, you say?
Tsukasa: Hmph. I suppose my graceful strides are so absolutely perfect that mere plebeians such as yourself simply see them as strange.
Nene: Whatever. Can you just stay a few steps behind me or something?


400 433:areatalk02_057

[Main Street]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: Nene! The apple pies here are really yummy!
Emu: One of the girls in my class loves them so much that she buys ten or twenty at a time!
Nene: All for herself? Does she give them away or something?
Emu: Other than the ones for her family, they're all for her!
Nene: I guess that means they must be pretty good. Maybe I should try one.


401 434:areatalk02_058

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Hey, didn't you say you have a pet snake? How'd that happen?
Kohane: Well, I guess it's because my dad has a thing for odd pets. Do you have any pets at your house?
Akito: Nope. Pets take too much effort to take care of.
Kohane: Really? Maybe not a snake, but I bet you'd like having a dog or a cat. They seem fun.
Akito: A cat is one thing, but I'll never have a dog. No way in hell...


402 435:areatalk02_063

[Main Street]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: I know it was around here somewhere. Ah, here we go. This group here.
Emu: Wow! They go around town starting flash musicals?!
Rui: Yeah, they film all over the city. I heard the extras are all people from around town, too.
Emu: That's so neat! I want to do a show where we get to do this with all the people who come to watch us too!
Rui: Hehe. I'm sure we could find a way to manage that.


403 436:areatalk02_067

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: Kohane, you don't know much about the shops in this area, do you? I can tell you where all the best hole-in-the-wall places are!
Kohane: Really? In that case, are there any Chinese restaurants?
Kohane: I really like peach steamed buns and sesame dumplings, but not many places sell them.
An: I know just the place! Want to go grab some now?


404 437:areatalk02_072

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa)

Kohane: Minori, do you ever go to karaoke?
Minori: Yeah, I always go to practice before an audition! It's kind of expensive, though, so I usually sing at home.
Minori: Home is also where I feel most relaxed, so it's just easier. I especially like singing in the shower! Hehe.
Kohane: Oh, I know exactly what you mean. I'm always humming without even realizing it.


405 438:areatalk02_076

[Main Street]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Oh, Toya! Kohane and I went to that little cafe you told us about the other day.
Toya: I see.
An: There aren't many cafes that serve rum raisin ice cream. It was really good! Kohane said she really liked their coffee, too.
Toya: Oh, I see.
An: (I can't be sure, but does he seem kinda happy?)


406 439:areatalk02_079

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: U-Um... There sure are a lot of people saying hi to you. Are they all friends of yours?
Akito: What? Of course not.
Kohane: Huh? Y-You mean they're just random people?
Akito: They're fans who come to my shows. I recognize most of them.
Kohane: Oh, I see! You're quite the celebrity, aren't you?


407 440:areatalk02_091

[Main Street]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Akito, how did you decide to work where you do?
Akito: Hm? I've been into fashion for a long time. I really liked this one shop's style and noticed they were hiring. I kinda just got lucky, I guess.
Toya: I see...
Akito: Why? You looking for a job?
Toya: I may have been entertaining the idea.
Akito: What's that supposed to mean? Well, you'll probably be fine as long as you don't have to actually interact with people.


408 441:areatalk02_109

[Main Street]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: I'm starting to get hungry.
Honami: Me too. Hey, there's a place that sells apple pies nearby.
Saki: Hahaha. You really love your apple pies, don't you?
Saki: I feel like you could write a song about them. Maybe one of these shops would use it in a commercial!
Honami: Hehe. That would be fun.
Saki: Let's get one and think of something while we eat. Then we can practice it in secret and surprise Ichi and Shiho with a performance!


409 442:areatalk02_113

[Main Street]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

Saki: Haruka, have you ever been to karaoke? I bet you're probably too busy for stuff like that, huh?
Haruka: Not since becoming an idol, but I used to go all the time after school to do voice training for my auditions.
Saki: Voice training? That makes sense. So, in other words, you've never just gone with friends to have fun.
Saki: In that case, let's get a group of friends together to go sing with today!
Haruka: With friends? That sounds nice. Thanks, Tenma.


410 443:areatalk02_124

[Main Street]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma)

Tsukasa: No, you mustn't go! Do not be fooled by his flattery!
Shiho: Is that Tsukasa? He's being strange again...
Tsukasa: Watch out! Hm? Oh, well if it isn't Shiho!
Shiho: Crap, he saw me... What are you doing shouting like that?
Tsukasa: I'm rehearsing for a show. By doing so in front of crowds like this, I'm able to judge whether or not my acting feels sincere enough to make them believable.
Shiho: I-I see... I just hope nobody calls the police on you...


411 444:areatalk02_147

[Main Street]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Mafuyu, do you ever pay attention to fashion?
Mafuyu: As much as the average person, I suppose. I doubt I think about it as much as you or Mizuki.
Ena: You have such a nice figure and a pretty face, though. It's kind of a shame you don't.
Mafuyu: In that case, perhaps I should consult you for advice on how to better coordinate my outfits.
Ena: Do you have to sound so uninterested when you say that?
Ena: I suppose I'll take it, though. You're coming with me until I'm satisfied with your look.


412 445:areatalk02_148

[Main Street]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Here, Mafuyu! They released a new flavor of french fry that's supposed to be super spicy!
Mizuki: I've heard they really pack a punch! I bet even you'll be able to feel something if you try these.
Mafuyu: You think so? I guess I'll try one, then.
Mafuyu: Oh, I think my tongue is starting to tingle a little.
Mizuki: That's it? I guess they aren't as spicy as I heard. Here, let me try one. Hm... Hrng! H-H-Hot! Too hot!
Mafuyu: Are you all right, Mizuki? Should I get you some water?


413 446:areatalk02_157

[Main Street]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Hey, you're always going to the same cafe, right? What's the interior design like? Is it stylish?
Akito: Why would I care about that? I ain't telling you anything.
Ena: Excuse me? I'm always taking you to places with the best cheesecake and pancakes.
Akito: No, you just drag me around to help you get shots for your social media. You stay away from my cafe.


414 447:areatalk02_160

[Main Street]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mafuyu: Mizuki? You going somewhere?
Mizuki: Yeah, there's a new dry curry place that just opened nearby I've been wanting to try!
Mizuki: You want to join me? I'd be curious to see if you like it!
Mafuyu: Sure. I was on my way home from an errand, but I'm not in any particular hurry.
Mizuki: Great! Let's go, then!


415 448:areatalk02_161

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Mafuyu, do you ever get the munchies while you work?
Mafuyu: Not really. Does it make some kind of difference?
Mizuki: It sure does for me. I'm always chewing gum or snacking on chocolate!
Mafuyu: The entire time you're working?
Mizuki: Some days, yeah. Once I start, I just can't seem to stop♪
Mafuyu: I feel like that would decrease your output.
Mizuki: Hahaha. To be honest, it does sometimes. Sweets really are a guilty pleasure, aren't they?


416 449:areatalk02_169

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: It smells like pizza. I think it's coming from over there.
Haruka: Oh, that's a pinsa restaurant. It's very similar to pizza, but it doesn't have nearly as many calories.
Minori: Really? I've never heard of it! Leave it to Haruka to know all about healthy foods!
Haruka: Hehe. Every once in a while, I get a craving for pizza or hamburgers, so I've done a lot of research.
Haruka: Would you like to go with me some time?
Minori: Really?! Absolutely!


417 450:areatalk02_182

[Main Street]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: It's so windy today. It makes me want to stay at home.
Airi: You've always preferred staying at home, though.
Ena: Hey, it takes a lot of work to get my hair just right. I don't want to ruin it.
Airi: Yeah, but what's the point of styling your hair if nobody ever sees it?


418 451:areatalk02_192

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Ah! A centipede!
Rui: Oh, look at that. Not only is it an insect, but it's the kind you particularly hate: a myriapod. I sometimes see rats, but centipedes are somewhat rare.
Rui: I know you probably don't care, but the complexity of so many legs working together in unison is actually quite fascinating from a scientific standpoint.
Tsukasa: Do you have to comment on everything?! Yuck, just looking at it gives me the creeps.


419 452:areatalk02_213

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: Hey, this song...
Kohane: Didn't a group sing this at Weekend Garage not too long ago? They were really good.
An: Well, yeah. It was the actual group.
Kohane: What?! Th-That was the actual band?!
An: Yeah. They aren't originally from around here, but from what I've heard, they used to get advice from my dad a lot when they were first starting out.
Kohane: I-I see. The more I get to know, the more I realize how amazing your dad is.


420 453:areatalk02_215

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: You're by yourself, huh? That's unusual.
Kohane: An is still helping out at the store. It looks like you're on your own, too.
Akito: Yeah. Toya's stuck doing library committee stuff at school.
Kohane: Library committee? That reminds me. An is a hall monitor, isn't she?
Akito: Yeah. Doesn't really seem like the type, though, does she?
Kohane: You don't think so? I bet she looks really cool stopping other students who are breaking the rules!


421 454:areatalk02_224

[Main Street]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi)

An: You're probably not interested in buying any of the clothes around here, huh? It's still a little weird to always see you dressed so properly.
Haruka: What's that mean?
An: Hahaha. Well, in elementary and middle school, you were always competing in silly contests to see who could run faster or eat their entire lunch first.
Haruka: I remember. Other than grades, you always put up a good fight.
An: Ngh... Was that an attempt at a comeback?
Haruka: Not at all, I was simply stating a fact.


422 455:areatalk02_227

[Main Street]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

An: Akito, you work in retail, don't you? Do you actually know how to interact with customers?
Akito: Obviously. I'd appreciate not being asked that by someone who can just treat everyone who comes into their cafe like family.
An: Okay, then. Pretend I'm a customer that you have to help.
Akito: I knew you were gonna say that. I'll pass.
An: Fine. Kohane and I will just have to come bug you at work some time.
Akito: You wouldn't dare!


423 456:areatalk02_230

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: Oh, hello, Aoyagi... Wah, what's with the bag full of sweets?!
Toya: I won a little too much at the arcade. Would you like a few pieces?
Kohane: Are you sure? Well, if you're offering. I didn't realize you played games at the arcade, though.
Toya: Yeah, it's a great way to kill time. It's always hard getting rid of the prizes I win, though.
Kohane: That must mean you're really good. Hehe. I'm kinda surprised.


424 457:areatalk02_277

[Main Street]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Long time no see! Thanks for the invite!
Airi: And thank you for coming on such short notice. I was hoping to get your help. I'm trying to teach a friend at school how to do her makeup.
Ena: Did you bring some pictures of her?
Airi: Sure did! Let's go find a place to talk.
Ena: There's a really good pancake place nearby. Let's go there!


425 458:areatalk02_279

[Main Street]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama)

An: Here we are. This is the accessory shop I told you about.
Mizuki: Wow, they've got all sorts of stuff. Oh, this is cute! And this too!
Mizuki: There's so much to look at that I don't know where to start.
An: Hahaha. Just start anywhere.
An: I don't get to shop with you very often, so take your time.


426 459:areatalk02_164

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Haruka, you decided you wanted to be an idol when you were in third grade, right?
Haruka: Yeah. There was an idol I really looked up to back then.
Minori: Hehe. I guess we both got started for the same reason.
Minori: My goal was always to become as great of an idol as you.
Haruka: Hehe. Maybe we're even more alike than I thought.


427 460:areatalk02_166

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Wow! This stage is huge!
Minori: So cool... Airi, you guys have all been up on stages like this before...
Airi: Yeah, but next time you'll be right up there with us, you know. So stand up straight!
Minori: Right! I'll keep working hard!


428 461:areatalk02_168

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Shizuku, do you ever get nervous before a show?
Shizuku: Yes, of course. I have my own way of calming my nerves, though. Once I do that, I can face anything.
Minori: Really? What's your trick?
Shizuku: Deep breaths. It may be simple, but it's something you can do any time no matter where you are.
Minori: That makes sense! I'll give it a try the next time I get really nervous!


429 462:areatalk03_022

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Ichika: What happened, Saki? You're late.
Saki: My hair was giving me all sorts of trouble. See, look. The ends just won't do what I tell them to.
Honami: I could give you some of the styling product my dad uses at work if you want.
Ichika: Oh, that's right. You dad's a hair stylist, isn't he?
Saki: So you have the really good stuff they use at salons?! I'd love some! Are you sure it's okay, though?
Honami: Yeah. He started using a new kind, so he's got a bunch of leftover stuff that's just sitting there. I'll bring some next time.


430 463:areatalk02_170

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: Oh, that stage has a walkway that extends into the crowd. It reminds me of a show I did.
Minori: Really? What tour was that from? I have all your DVDs, so I'm sure I've seen it before...
Minori: Oh! That's the one from your 2nd anniversary show! There were a bunch of walkways that all met up in the middle!
Haruka: Hehe. That's right.
Haruka: (She really has been cheering me on this whole time. Thank you, Minori.)


431 464:areatalk02_172

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Haruka: I always learn something new watching Miku and Rin perform.
Airi: Same. Every single song they do is choreographed so well. They're really good at engaging the crowd, too.
Haruka: Even watching from the side like we do, you can still feel the connection between singer and crowd.
Airi: Yeah, it's really amazing. But we can do that, too!
Haruka: The four of us will put on shows like this for sure.


432 465:areatalk02_174

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: No matter what stage you perform on, you never stop getting nervous, do you?
Haruka: I remember my legs shaking so badly back when I'd just debuted. I kept making mistakes and causing problems for the other members.
Shizuku: Is that so? I take it you started practicing even harder because of it?
Haruka: I'm sure you did as well, right? I think most idols would.
Shizuku: Yeah. I doubt there are any out there who don't work hard. That's just how things are for us.


433 466:areatalk02_180

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Haruka, your group always planned their own performances, didn't they?
Haruka: Yes. We would decide on a theme for each tour, then plan out the set lists and the choreography from there.
Airi: I'm jealous. They moved me over to doing mostly TV before I ever got the chance to do that. But—
Haruka: Now you'll have the chance. The four of us can do it together.
Airi: H-Hey! I know! I was just going to say that!


434 467:areatalk02_181

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Shizuku, did you see Miku's performance just now?
Shizuku: I did. Their dance matched the song so well, and the choreography was very cute. It was amazing.
Airi: How much practice do you think it takes to get that good?
Shizuku: I'm not sure, but we can't let them show us up forever.
Airi: I agree. I feel like their performance filled me with strength, though. Time to work even harder!


435 468:areatalk02_183

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Minori, when you go to idol concerts, do you always have a glowstick to wave?
Minori: Of course! The rules are different for every group, though, so I always use their official glowsticks.
Minori: Some have changeable batteries so you can use them forever, but I remember one that had solar panels you used to recharge it.
Shizuku: I didn't realize there were so many different kinds. What others did you have? I'm curious.
Minori: I can list them all by group for you! First, there was...


436 469:areatalk02_185

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: I get really restless whenever I'm here.
Haruka: Restless?
Shizuku: Yeah, it's like I get excited. I just want to get up on stage and sing.
Haruka: I know how you feel. Whenever I'm here, I think of that show Miku and Rin put on for me.
Shizuku: Yeah, it was wonderful seeing how much fun everyone in the audience was having. It really was a splendid show.


437 470:areatalk02_186

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: That move Miku just did. Is she shifting her weight back to make it easier to quickly move into the next position?
Airi: Something like... Hey, I think that works!
Shizuku: Being able to do that after just watching her is really impressive, Airi.
Airi: I'm not just watching, I'm closely observing. You want me to teach you how?
Shizuku: Really? I'd love that!


438 471:areatalk02_282

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku)

Haruka: Miku, where do you and the others get your motivation for being idols?
Miku (MMJ): Our motivation? Well, I suppose it's all the opportunities we get to sing. Rin and I love singing more than anything!
Miku (MMJ): What about you?
Haruka: Me? I think mine comes from the feelings Minori helped me recover.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. That's a wonderful source of strength.


439 472:areatalk02_283

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Hrng...
Haruka: What's the matter, Rin?
Rin: I was just thinking how great your dancing is. Your movements remind me of Miku. They're so precise and cute that I want to steal them!
Haruka: Hehe. Would you like me to do that one again?
Rin: Really?! Yeah! I'd love that♪


440 473:areatalk02_284

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Hatsune Miku)

Airi: Miku, I heard you helped Minori the other day. Thanks.
Airi: We were all so busy that we couldn't get to practice after school.
Miku (MMJ): It was nothing. Rin and I are always practicing just the two of us, so having a third person was fun.
Miku (MMJ): In fact, we'd love it if you all came one of these days!
Airi: A joint practice? That would actually be great motivation! I'll mention it to everyone when I get back.


441 474:areatalk02_285

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kagamine Rin)

Airi: Rin, your ribbon is a little crooked.
Rin: What?! It is?!
Airi: Yeah. Let me fix it for you. There, all better.
Rin: Thanks! Hehe. You're like a mom!
Airi: A-A mom?! Couldn't I at least be an older sister? Actually, never mind...


442 475:areatalk02_286

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Shizuku: Practicing your runway walk?
Miku (MMJ): Yep. We're wearing high-heels during our next show and I want to look cool while I'm walking.
Shizuku: Oh, I could help if you like.
Shizuku: I still have an outfit with heels I used in a photo shoot a while back. I can go grab them if you don't mind waiting.
Miku (MMJ): Of course not! I'll go get ready too!


443 476:areatalk02_287

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Shizuku: I'm always worried about getting lost among all these stages.
Rin: You just need to memorize their configuration. Once you know which stages are next to which, it's easy to find your way through them.
Shizuku: That does sound convenient! Perhaps I should take notes.
Rin: Okay, I'll start by describing the stage to the far left!


444 477:areatalk02_330

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Darn! This off-beat dance step is really hard!
Miku (MMJ): The sudden change does make it rather difficult. Should we take a break?
Rin: No, that's okay. I'm not going to stop until I get this!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. That's the Rin I know! I'm with you, then!


445 478:areatalk02_331

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Wow, so this is how this stage looks from the audience? It's so different!
Miku (MMJ): It sure is. Maybe we should try doing a show here! I can just imagine suddenly bursting out into the crowd and singing down there!
Rin: Among the crowd, huh? That sounds fun! We've never done anything like it before, though. You think we'll be all right?
Miku (MMJ): It may be difficult, being the first time and all, but I'm sure it'd be loads of fun! For both us and the audience!
Rin: You're right! Let's give it a try!


446 479:areatalk03_048

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Go left after crossing here. There's a shortcut.
Ichika: I didn't know that. You really know this area, don't you?
Shiho: I guess. I do work nearby. Also...
Shiho: I had to go up and down every street one time when my sister got lost.
Honami: Oh, I forgot Shizuku was terrible with directions.
Shiho: Not was. Is. As in, present tense.
Shiho: I don't understand how someone who enjoys walking so much isn't able to remember a few simple streets.


447 480:areatalk03_064

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Right side, clear! Left side, clear!
Haruka: What are you doing, Minori?
Airi: The light's green, you know.
Minori: I'm not checking for cars, I'm staying vigilant.
Minori: In case either of you get mobbed, I'm making sure I have a clear evacuation route so I can get you both to safety before you panic!
Haruka: I feel like the first one of us to actually panic...
Airi: ...Would definitely be you, Minori.


448 481:areatalk03_079

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Minori, Haruka, stand there for just a second. Um, a little closer. There!
Haruka: What was that for, Airi?
Airi: Hehe. Here, look!
Minori: Oh, the flower field on the screen behind us makes it look like we're actually there!
Airi: I have a friend who's really good at taking pictures for social media. I wanted to try out one of her ideas.
Minori: That's cool! Can I try, too?!
Haruka: All right. I'll stand right here, then.
Minori: What?! I-I get to take a photo of Haruka?! Hehehe! I'll make sure you look perfect!
Airi: Minori, you'd better stop grinning and take the picture before the screen changes.


449 482:areatalk03_139

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: Hey, those people over there. Is that...?
Akito: Yeah, they're beatboxing.
An: I've seen them around a lot recently. I think they might be even better than you, Akito.
Akito: Excuse me?
An: Hey, I know. Kohane still hasn't seen you beatbox, right? Why don't you show her what you can do?
Kohane: W-Well, I do still want to see...
Akito: Hah, nice try. You really thought that'd work? C'mon, let's get to the live house.
An: Oh, you're no fun.


450 483:areatalk03_152

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Azusawa, you seem to be getting used to doing shows. Do you still get nervous?
Kohane: I'm fine as long as it's somewhere I've been before.
Akito: Is that so? How about you try singing here, then?
Kohane: What?!
Akito: You've been here plenty of times, haven't you? According to you, that means you won't get nervous, yeah?
Kohane: W-Well yeah, I've been here before, but...
Toya: Don't worry, he's just joking. Stop teasing her, Akito.
Akito: Yeah, yeah.


451 484:areatalk03_158

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: Hey, isn't that commercial over there for a music festival?
Toya: Yeah. That's a pretty famous one, too.
Akito: You've never been to one, have you? Even if it's not one as big as that, you should try going to one at least once.
Kohane: I know! An and I were actually talking about that.
Kohane: She was saying she wanted to go as a regular fan instead of one of the performers.
Toya: If you're not sure which one to go to, ask Akito. He gave me some good info, too.
Kohane: Really? Would you help?
Akito: I don't mind if you just want tips, but don't wait to ask. The tickets for more popular events disappear fast.
Kohane: Right. Thanks, Shinonome!


452 485:areatalk03_169

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Have you two decided where you're singing next?
Kohane: We haven't decided on an event yet, but we're probably going to sing here next.
Toya: Here? It's pretty tough to get in here. Do you think you can get a spot?
An: Hehe. A couple of our regulars at the restaurant come here to perform a lot.
An: We were going to borrow their spot one of these days for a bit while they're taking a break.
Toya: I see. I guess it helps to be so well-connected.
An: Yeah, though it's really my dad we have to thank.
An: You've got to use what you have, though! Right?!


453 486:areatalk03_213

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: I can't believe that bookstore didn't have a copy either...
Tsukasa: You said you're looking for some book that talks about what happened behind the scenes at some world-famous musical before it first debuted, right?
Nene: Yeah. I looked around online, but I could only find the original language version. I know it's old, but there should be a translated copy available somewhere.
Rui: You should try going to the National Diet Library, then.
Nene: The National Diet Library?!
Rui: They keep copies of every published work released in the country. I'm sure they would have what you're looking for.
Tsukasa: Now that sounds impressive! Nene, if you'd like to go, I'd be happy to keep you company!
Nene: Uh huh, sure. You just want to see it for yourself.
Nene: Fine... If I can't find it after a few more stores, then maybe I'll go take a look.


454 487:areatalk03_256

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Come on, light, hurry up and change.
Kanade: From what I've heard, this light lasts for 2 minutes and 40 seconds. If that's true, then we have 45 seconds left.
Ena: Really? Where's my watch? I'm going to test that.
Mafuyu: If I remember right, Kanade is like a human stopwatch. She's always right.
Kanade: Actually, I'm only accurate up to about five minutes.
Ena: Forty-four, forty-five. Wow, it really turned green!
Mafuyu: Told you so.
Kanade: It's nothing. Come on, let's go.


455 488:areatalk03_257

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Have you seen the article going around online recently about people trying to figure out who the members of Nightcord at 25:00 are?
Kanade: Nope. Didn't even know about it.
Mizuki: I thought not. It's actually pretty interesting!
Mizuki: There was one part saying Yuki is probably the one you'd least want to get angry!
Mafuyu: Huh...
Mafuyu: And what exactly did you find so fascinating about an article like that, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Huh? Well, um...
Kanade: (She looks like a deer caught in headlights...)


456 489:areatalk03_261

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, there. How have you two been?
Mafuyu: Fine...
Kanade: I'm all right...
Mizuki: Neither of you sound like it. Especially you, Kanade. Have you been getting enough sun?
Mizuki: We may not need as much as plants do, but people still need some sunlight to stay healthy.
Kanade: I know that, but opening the curtains or going outside hurts my eyes.
Mafuyu: If the brightness bothers you that much, why don't you get some sunglasses?
Mizuki: What?! Sunglasses with that outfit?! I definitely can't allow her to do that.
Kanade: I guess the sun and I will just never get along, then.


457 490:areatalk03_279

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: Ah, the light's about to change.
Mizuki: You're right! I hate waiting, so let's run!
Kanade: There's no need.
Mizuki: What? But the weather is so clear today. I thought it was hard for you to be out in the sun like this.
Kanade: That's true, but running is even worse.
Kanade: Besides, don't need to. We can just use the underground passage over there.
Kanade: Then we don't have to worry about the sun or traffic lights.
Ena: I-I guess that's true.
Kanade: If they're going to make underground passages, I wish they could use them to connect the whole city.


458 491:areatalk03_287

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, check out the screen over there! Isn't that cute?!
Ena: What's special about that? It's just a candy commercial, isn't it?
Mafuyu: That's what it looks like.
Mizuki: Yeah, but I'm talking about the font on the package!
Mizuki: Just look at how well it goes with the overall design! Somebody's got a great eye! It's super cute!
Mafuyu: Oh, I see...
Ena: I just assumed you were talking about the actress.


459 492:areatalk03_290

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Shoot. The light just turned red. How about we do a little quiz while we're waiting?
Mafuyu: If we used the underground passage, we wouldn't need—
Mizuki: Question one! What did I cook for dinner last night?!
Ena: Huh? Why would we care about that?
Mizuki: Oh, come on. Don't be such a downer. You could at least take a guess.
Ena: Sigh... Fine, then no more talking until the light turns green. We need time to think.
Mafuyu: Yes, I agree.
Mizuki: Hey! You're both totally ignoring the question, aren't you?!


460 493:areatalk03_294

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: That abstract art exhibit was pretty good.
Mizuki: Yeah. I had absolutely no idea what any of the paintings were supposed to be, but that just made them more interesting.
Kanade: Some of them had written descriptions, but even most of those didn't really help.
Kanade: Still, they made you use your imagination. I think it was a good source of inspiration.
Ena: That's good. I'll let you know if I hear about any other interesting exhibits coming up.
Mizuki: I bet there are a ton of different kinds of paintings. I think I'll do a little research of my own.
Kanade: Okay. Mafuyu was too busy with club to make it today, so we should all try going together next time.


461 494:areatalk03_020

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Now that we're in a band, I feel like we should all have something that matches.
Honami: Something that matches? Hehe. That reminds me of the time we all bought Phenny plushies.
Shiho: Yeah, it does. Did you have something in mind, Saki?
Saki: Um... Since we're Leo/need, what about something shaped like a star?!
Shiho: In other words, you have no idea. You just suggested the idea because it came to mind, yeah?
Saki: Teehee. Am I that obvious?
Honami: Hehe. You sure are. How about we look for something once Ichika gets here?


462 495:areatalk03_033

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Hey, Honami. It looks like they have some dog clothes on sale. I wonder if they have anything that would look good on Shibao.
Honami: Yeah, they might have a nice design I could use!
Shiho: A design you can use?
Honami: Dog clothes are always super expensive and they never end up fitting quite right, so I sew all his clothes myself.
Ichika: Really?! You're really good with all that household stuff. I bet you could be an old-fashioned housewife already.
Shiho: I have a feeling a lot of moms these days don't know how to sew. That's more of a granny skill now.
Honami: What?! I-I'm not an old granny...


463 496:areatalk03_066

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: This dress is really cute, but they only have it in large. It's probably way too long for me.
Shizuku: As long as the shoulders fit, you should be able to get away with wearing a design like this with some heels.
Minori: Oh, that's a good idea!
Haruka: You sure came up with that solution quickly. Is that a trick you learned while modeling?
Shizuku: Yes. They asked me to wear all sorts of clothing.
Shizuku: These shoes might work. The heels aren't too high, so they'll be easier to walk in, too.
Minori: You're right! Thanks, Shizuku. I'm going to go try these on with the dress!


464 497:areatalk03_112

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Look, there's a store for clothes made for dogs.
Haruka: It looks like it's only here for a limited time. Do you want to take a look, Minori?
Minori: Kind of, but it's always so hard finding clothes big enough for Samo.
Haruka: I guess he is pretty big, isn't he?
Minori: Yeah. Besides, the best thing about him is how fluffy he is!
Shizuku: Dressing him up would make it hard to enjoy petting him then, wouldn't it?
Minori: Exactly! It's not that I don't want to dress him up in cute clothes, but I don't want to cover up all his fluff!
Shizuku: Hehe. You must really love his fur.
Haruka: It sounds nice. I'd like to feel it one of these days.
Minori: You want to come over, then? Samo loves getting pets!
Haruka: Are you sure? Maybe I'll take you up on the offer.


465 498:areatalk03_113

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Hm, this one looks good too, but the ingredients...
Haruka: You look so serious. What are you looking at?
Airi: I'm looking at facial masks to help me relax after I get out of the bath.
Shizuku: Hehe. Airi really loves her skincare and haircare.
Airi: Well I am an idol. Taking care of myself is part of the job.
Airi: Okay, I'm going with this one! Hehe, I think I might even try it out tonight.


466 499:areatalk03_114

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, here's a plain handkerchief. I can use this.
Minori: You don't like patterns on your handkerchiefs, Shizuku?
Airi: No, that's not it. She just really likes embroidery.
Shizuku: That's right. I buy plain ones like this and sew designs and words into them myself.
Minori: Really? That's cool! Oh, hey! Do you think you could make one that says MORE MORE JUMP?
Shizuku: Hehe. Of course. If I'm going to do that, I might as well make a matching set of four.
Airi: Great idea! I can't wait!


467 500:areatalk03_123

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: Hello, Aoyagi.
An: Wait, you're by yourself?! That's strange.
Toya: It's not like Akito and I are together all the time...
An: I know that, but it still feels a little weird.
Kohane: Yeah, you two always feel like the perfect, reliable pair, always looking out for one other.
Toya: You think so? Well, that's what I strive to be. It's nice to know that's how others see us as well.


468 501:areatalk03_138

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: Oh, there's a book store. I haven't read any books for a while. Maybe I should get something.
Toya: Do you enjoy reading?
Kohane: Not as much as you, but I get the urge to read something interesting every once in a while.
An: You got any good recommendations, Toya? Something even I could get into?
Toya: Well... How about this? It was originally a novel, but they also adapted it into a comic as well.
An: Oh, that sounds good! I think I'll get the comic version.
Kohane: I'll get the original version, then. Hehehe. That way we can talk about it when we're finished.


469 502:areatalk03_183

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Is there not a single shop with sewing supplies around here?
Emu: Sowing supplies?! Are you starting a garden?!
Tsukasa: No, sewing! As in needlework!
Rui: I didn't realize you knew how to sew, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Yeah. I was thinking about making some more fashionable clothes for myself.
Tsukasa: I'm still learning, though. Whoever made yours and Nene's costumes is much more talented than I am.
Tsukasa: Not only is the overall balance great, but they look nice and are easy to move around in! They're quite impressive.
Emu: They sure are! Rui, your friend is amazing!
Rui: Hehe. Well, thank you. I will be sure to pass your compliments along.


470 503:areatalk03_184

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: Oh, look! That book has such a cool cover!
Tsukasa: How to Become a More Respectable Leader, huh?
Nene: Clearly a book that won't help you.
Tsukasa: Heh, I suppose you're right. That's because I already possess better leadership skills than I will ever need!
Nene: Where exactly does that positive attitude of yours come from, anyway?
Emu: Hey, Nene. Here's another book with an interesting cover♪
Nene: And this one isn't even paying attention to the conversation. Why me...?


471 504:areatalk03_185

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: I think the shop is around here somewhere. My sister told me about something really cool she found. Ah, here it is!
Tsukasa: Check it out! A measuring tape shaped like a violin!
Tsukasa: And when you pull it out... Behold! The pattern is the sheet music for a famous violin piece!
Rui: A measuring tape that can't measure. Hehe. Are they trying to say the value of the piece is immeasurable?
Nene: What's the point of buying a measuring tape that can't measure. The markings are too small to read, anyway.
Tsukasa: Heh, not to worry. If you turn the tape over, it's a regular tape measure, so you can—
Nene: What a waste. They could have put the sheet music for another famous piece on the back.
Tsukasa: What?! You were just complaining it was too small to read!
Rui: Hehe. Nene can be quite the contrarian at times.


472 505:areatalk03_214

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: The movies you recommend are always so good, Nene.
Tsukasa: I agree. Where do you get your information?
Nene: Nowhere special. Mostly surfing the internet. I'm in the film club too, so I hear about stuff from the other members.
Emu: Film club?! I didn't know you even had such a cool club!
Tsukasa: I got the wrong idea when I first heard about them, too. They don't actually make films themselves.
Nene: Yeah. We mostly recommend movies to each other and watch them together. There are a lot of ghost members, though.
Emu: Ghosts?! You have ghosts in your club?!
Nene: Do I have to respond to that?
Tsukasa: I wouldn't. She'll never stop if you do.


473 506:areatalk03_230

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Is this the thing you wanted to see, Rui? The Strangely Fascinating Platypus Exhibit!
Rui: Yes. It may be aimed more at children, but I have a personal fascination with the platypus.
Nene: Because it's a mammal that lays eggs, right?
Rui: Precisely! They have four legs, a tail, very fine body hair, and they feed their newborn young with milk!
Rui: And despite meeting all the requirements to be classified as a mammal, it still lays eggs!
Rui: How could anyone not be fascinated when presented with a creature as mysterious as this?!
Emu: Hwah! I bet you would make a really good zoology teacher.
Nene: I've been saying that for a long time, but he says this is just a hobby.
Rui: Hehe. Come, let us scour this exhibit for every last bit of information we can!


474 507:areatalk03_246

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Well, I really like this one. Oh, but this one's cute too!
Mafuyu: Mizuki, you already have so many clothes. Do you really need to keep buying more?
Mizuki: Of course! I may have a lot, but each piece is unique!
Kanade: I have a lot of CDs and songs on my computer, but that's never stopped me from wanting more.
Kanade: Maybe this is similar to that.
Mafuyu: I guess it kinda makes sense when you put it like that.
Mizuki: Come on, you two. Let's enjoy our time out and about and do some more shopping♪


475 508:areatalk03_260

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: Hey, Mafuyu. Do your parents know you've been hanging out with us?
Mafuyu: No. They don't even know about our group.
Mafuyu: From what I can tell, they think the reason I leave the house on my days off is to go study at the library.
Ena: Yikes. I guess it probably wouldn't be a good idea to tell them you've been meeting up with people you met online.
Mizuki: Yeah, isn't it natural for parents to care about their kid?
Mizuki: My parents know about our group. What about yours, Ena?
Ena: Why would I tell them? It's none of their business.
Ena: I doubt they'd care even if they did know, though.
Mafuyu: I see. I suppose everyone's parents are different.


476 509:areatalk03_018

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hey, what do you think of using this as our next practice song?
Ichika: Oh, this is one of Miku's songs. I like it, but the guitar part sounds really tough.
Shiho: If you don't challenge yourself, you won't improve.
Saki: And even if it is hard, you'll be more motivated to learn a song if you actually like it!
Ichika: You make it sound as if this doesn't apply to you as well. Fine, let's give this one a try.
Shiho: Great. That's settled. We'll have to let Honami know.


477 510:areatalk03_061

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Haruka! Airi! Look at the cover of this album! Isn't it the coolest?!
Haruka: It sure is. It almost doesn't feel like an idol group's CD.
Airi: Yeah. It's not often you see one without a picture of the members on the front.
Airi: I wonder if they did it like that to appeal to people who don't really care for idol groups.
Minori: That would make sense. Won't a lot of fans be disappointed about not getting a picture of their favorite idols in costume, though?
Airi: I doubt that's a problem. A lot of groups that do this release two versions with different cover art.
Minori: Oh! Let's see if we can find the other one, then. I wonder what it looks like.
Haruka: (Hehe. These two sure are enthusiastic about this sort of thing. I guess they are fans, after all.)


478 511:areatalk03_093

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Let's see... Oh, here she is! This is the store's number one recommended new idol!
Shizuku: Hm? She seems familiar...
Airi: That's one of the girls who auditioned with us. I think she was cut just before the final screening.
Airi: She managed to hold her composure in front of the judges, but she broke down in tears as soon as we made it back to the changing room.
Shizuku: Oh, that's right. I remember her now.
Minori: So in other words, she managed to overcome her despair and achieve her dreams!
Airi: You're right. That takes a lot of spirit. She may be our rival one day.


479 512:areatalk03_141

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: This CD display looks so...busy.
An: Yeah, look at all that tiny text. It's got way more than the others.
An: Let's see... Hehe. Oh wow. It's like they wrote down everything that came to mind as they were listening!
Kohane: It really gives you the feeling they liked it so much that they couldn't help but write down how it made them feel.
Toya: I agree. It's not a genre I usually listen to, but even I'm a little curious now.
An: Oh, you're gonna buy it? Well if you're getting that, then maybe I'll pick up a copy of this other artist's CD.


480 513:areatalk03_151

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: I thought there were more people here than usual. Looks like some new idol is doing a mini concert.
Kohane: Wow, her singing is really good!
An: I wonder if Haruka sang in places like this when she was first getting started.
Kohane: What's that, An?
An: Oh, I have a friend who used to be an idol. I was just thinking how tough that must have been.
Akito: (That reminds me. Ena's friend from middle school became an idol, too.)
Akito: (I heard she already quit, though. I wonder what she's doing these days.)


481 514:areatalk03_157

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: This place always has a section dedicated just to music featuring Miku.
Kohane: Oh, that section with all the really cute Miku posters?
Kohane: I think they change up the featured creators every week.
An: Really? But there are so many of them!
An: If they tried to feature them all, it'd never end.
Akito: I guess that explains why that one section is always nothing but Miku stuff.


482 515:areatalk03_171

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: Let's see... Oh, there it is!
Akito: I was wondering what you were looking for. Electronic dance music, huh?
Kohane: Yeah. An told me about a bunch of really good songs, so I wanted to check some out.
Kohane: If you guys have any recommendations, I'd love to hear them!
Toya: I still have a list of songs Akito gave me a while back.
Akito: You mean the one I gave you before we formed BAD DOGS? How do you still have that?
Toya: I'm pretty good at holding onto things that are important. Would you like me to bring it next time, Azusawa?
Kohane: Are you sure you want to give me something that special? Thanks, Aoyagi!


483 516:areatalk03_243

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: The CD I'm looking for should be somewhere on this shelf.
Kanade: Why don't you just buy it online instead of coming all the way to the store?
Mizuki: Because I want something I can hold in my hands. Besides, if I buy it here, it comes with a bonus♪
Mafuyu: Mizuki, that makes you sound really materialistic. Here, is this it?
Mizuki: Yeah, that's it! Thanks, Mafuyu!
Mizuki: Hahaha. I just love the feeling of finally finding something you've been searching for. I always want more cute clothes too, so I guess I am a little materialistic, huh?
Kanade: That's nice and all, but look at the time.
Mizuki: Oh, you're right. Ena's probably waiting for us with that scary look she always gets. We should hurry to the diner.


484 517:areatalk03_258

[Music Shop]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mafuyu: What was the name of that artist Kanade told me about the other day...?
Mizuki: Huh? Oh, it's Mafuyu! Hey there!
Mafuyu: Mizuki. Ena. Are you here to look at CDs, too?
Ena: Mizuki's the one who dragged me here. I was on my way home from buying a new paintbrush when we bumped into each other.
Mafuyu: I see. Hey, do either of you remember the name of the artist Kanade was talking about the other day?
Ena: Oh, who was it again? I feel like it's someone I've been hearing more and more about lately.
Mizuki: I feel like it started with an A. Here, we'll help you look for them!


485 518:areatalk03_264

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: The list of songs we've released as N25 is getting pretty long. I bet we could even put out an album or two.
Mafuyu: I can't imagine seeing a CD of our own sitting here with all the others.
Kanade: It's hard for me to imagine too. I've never really thought about it, but...
Kanade: If we made a CD, I bet our music would reach even more people.
Mafuyu: Kanade, you don't just want to write music. You want it to save people, right?
Kanade: Yeah. I plan on continuing to write songs that will make people happy.
Kanade: That's the promise I made to my dad.
Mizuki: Putting the talk of CDs aside...
Mizuki: I hope the songs you write reach the people who need them.


486 519:areatalk03_007

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: I was listening to the recording from our last practice. I feel like we still just barely sound like a cohesive unit.
Honami: I agree. The three of us are still kind of holding back. Miku and Shiho are carrying us.
Ichika: I really need to work harder on my guitar, don't I?
Ichika: Those two are so confident in their playing, though. I'm not sure I can do that...
Saki: Hesitation is the result of a lack of confidence! For now, all we can do is keep practicing!
Honami: I suppose we only did just start the band recently.
Ichika: Yeah. We aren't going to improve overnight. We just have to take it one day at a time.


487 520:areatalk03_008

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: I bet we could make a really pretty music video here.
Shiho: Yeah. The empty school alone would be a great setting.
Honami: What kind of music video would you want to make, Ichika?
Ichika: Well, I might open the curtains and get some slightly back lit shots of us with the stars in the background.
Shiho: Hm. That's not a bad idea.
Honami: Yeah. If we ever film a video, we should give that a try.


488 521:areatalk03_009

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: I never imagined I'd actually be performing with Miku one day.
Saki: Me, either! Just being able to be in a band and spend time together like this...
Saki: It feels like the epitome of high-school life♪
Shiho: Saki, your eyes are getting all sparkly again.
Saki: Hey! Even you get a twinkle in your eye when we have a session with Miku or Luka. You've seen it, right, Ichi?!
Ichika: Hehe. We'll have to take a photo for evidence next time.
Shiho: Can you all stop acting so strange already so we can get back to practice?


489 522:areatalk03_011

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Ichika, Saki, how did you two learn about me and Miku?
Ichika: I think the first time I heard Miku was in a video online.
Saki: And Ichi is the one who introduced me to them. She got really obsessed and kept telling me how amazing the videos were.
Ichika: It's a little embarrassing talking about it in front of the actual artists themselves, though.
Luka: Hehe. I bet Miku would love to hear this.
Saki: Well in that case, we should call her over! Hey, Miku!
Ichika: S-Saki, what are you doing?! Wait!


490 523:areatalk03_012

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Megurine Luka)

Ichika: Luka, do you know how to play all the instruments here?
Luka: I have some experience with all of them, yes.
Saki: Wow! We have a hard enough time with just one.
Luka: I don't think there's anything wrong with that.
Luka: In fact, I think it's more common for people to pursue a deeper understanding of just a single instrument.
Saki: Now that you mention it, I guess that's true.
Ichika: She's right. For now, we should focus on learning our own main instruments.


491 524:areatalk03_013

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Honami, your drumming is really steady.
Ichika: It sure makes playing together a lot easier for us.
Luka: I'd heard you used to play percussion, but how long did it take before you could manage a drum beat?
Honami: I was able to do 8-beat and 16-beat styles within the first day, I guess. If you include the shuffle patterns, I'd say it took about a week.
Ichika: What? That's really fast, isn't it?
Honami: Is it? Shiho was practicing with me and we got so into it that I didn't really think about it.
Luka: (Hehe. She must have really wanted to start playing together with everyone.)


492 525:areatalk03_014

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Luka: What do you guys usually do for practice?
Ichika: It's not much different than when we practice here. Some days we practice together, others we practice alone.
Ichika: I guess the biggest difference is that Shiho is the one giving us all the advice instead of you and Miku.
Luka: Hehe. I suppose she is the most experienced of you four.
Shiho: That doesn't make me the best, though. I just want to make sure we perform as best as we possibly can.
Luka: There's no need to be so modest. Or could it be that you're just trying to hide your embarrassment?
Shiho: I'm not embarrassed. C'mon Ichika, break time's over. We should get back to practice.
Ichika: Hehe. Sure.


493 526:areatalk03_015

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Megurine Luka)

Saki: Hey, Ichi. Luka told me you play the guitar every day. Is that true?
Ichika: I try. I didn't play for a long time, so I wanted to get back to the level I used to be as quickly as possible.
Luka: It seems to be working. You're reaching the point where you can feel the rhythm with your body.
Saki: That's cool... It's too bad I can't really carry my instrument around with me at all times.
Luka: You could always try the orthodox method of picturing yourself playing as you listen to a recording of your songs.
Saki: Oh, that's a great idea! Thank you, Luka!
Luka: Hehe. There are all sorts of ways to practice. You just have to find what works best for you.


494 527:areatalk03_026

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Miku (Ln): Saki, I didn't know your mom was a piano teacher.
Saki: Yep! When I was younger, I was too weak to go outside very often, so she taught me how to play!
Luka: Is that so? I guess we have your mother to thank for that precise, clear playing of yours, then.
Saki: Precise? Clear?
Luka: Yes. You have a firm understanding of the fundamentals such as posture and hand position.
Saki: My mom did always tell me to just have fun playing, but now that you mention it, she was really picky with little stuff like that.
Miku (Ln): Both are important for playing well. She must have figured if you were going to enjoy yourself, you may as well sound good while doing so.
Saki: I never realized! I'll have to think more about what my mom taught me, then.


495 528:areatalk03_027

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Megurine Luka)

Ichika: Saki, could we practice the chorus section again?
Saki: Sure! Let's start two measures before it. Luka, could you help us?
Luka: Of course. Give me a moment to get ready. You sure seem to be getting more efficient with how you practice.
Saki: Hehehe. We're learning a little more every day.
Ichika: Yeah. We've been talking a lot about ways to improve.
Luka: Hehe. Discovering which practice methods work best is important for every band.
Luka: All right, I'm ready. Sorry for the wait. Shall we get back to it?


496 529:areatalk03_028

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Megurine Luka)

Saki: Luka, could we ask you to stand in for Shiho on the bass?
Luka: Oh, that's right. Shiho and Ichika are both working today. Give me just a moment.
Honami: Thank you, Luka.
Saki: All right, Hona. Let's you and me practice like crazy today so we can surprise them both tomorrow.
Luka: This reminds me of the other day with you and Shiho.
Honami: Hehe. That's true. Looks like today it's secret practice with Saki.
Saki: Hm? What are you two talking about?
Honami: Oh, it's nothing! Shall we get started?


497 530:areatalk03_029

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Shiho: Hm? What's with that expression, Saki? Can you keep going?
Saki: Hm... Shiho? Luka? How did the off beats on the eighth notes sound just then?
Shiho: You mean the synthesizer riff? They sounded all right.
Saki: Yeah, that's what I thought... It's so hard to give them a distinctive feel.
Luka: You're too hard on yourself. I think okay to Shiho is still good enough to be proud of.
Saki: Oh! Yeah, you're right! If it was bad, she'd say so!
Shiho: (Luka really is good at encouraging Saki. She's not wrong, though. It wasn't bad.)


498 531:areatalk03_030

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Megurine Luka)

Ichika: This SEKAI feels a little strange sometimes. It's one giant school, but there are never any students.
Saki: Yeah, but that means we can be as loud as we want and never get in trouble.
Luka: Hehe. That's certainly true. Miku is always—oh, speak of the devil.
Ichika: Is that Miku playing the guitar?
Saki: She must be practicing in another classroom.
Ichika: Yeah. We should get start our practice too.


499 532:areatalk03_037

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: Hona, banging on those drums all day looks exhausting. Don't you ever get tired?
Honami: No, it's not bad. I probably have all that long-distance training from when I was in brass band to thank.
Ichika: Oh, that's right. The brass band used to run laps around the school with the sports clubs.
Saki: Oh, I've seen them do that! Now that's the definition of living the high-school life!
Honami: Hehe. Are you saying you want to do laps around the school with them?
Saki: Am I that obvious? Maybe I should ask Miku if it's okay to run in the hall.


500 533:areatalk03_038

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hey, Shiho. Do you know what these little knobs on Ichi's guitar amp are for?
Shiho: That? It's an equalizer. You use it to adjust high, mid, and low-range sounds.
Honami: If I remember right, you usually want a deeper pitch in the high ranges and to remove some of the mid-range sounds.
Saki: Wait, you know about these things too, Hona?!
Honami: Yeah. I figured it would probably be a good idea to know a little about everyone's instruments and how they work.
Shiho: She's right. Ichika can tell you all about it. Um... Would you teach me about your synthesizer some time?
Saki: Sure! As long as you both teach me more about the drums and the bass!


501 534:areatalk03_039

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Huh? Ichika, I thought Saki was with you.
Ichika: What? That's strange. I had to stay late to help clean the classroom, so I told her to go on ahead.
Honami: If that's true, she should have been here by now. I wonder where she's gotten to.
Shiho: You don't think she had another episode, do you?
Ichika: Oh, it's a message from Saki! She says she forgot something at home, so she'll be a bit late.
Shiho: Oh, is that all?
Honami: That's a relief.


502 535:areatalk03_041

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Luka: I imagine it's not easy to practice drums at home. How do you usually practice, Honami?
Honami: I use electronic drums at home. They're made for beginners, but since they have headphones, I can play at night without bothering anyone.
Honami: The material is really soft too, so I can roll them up and carry them around with me.
Miku (Ln): What? Soft drums that you can roll up?
Luka: Have you never seen that kind of drum pad before, Miku?
Honami: Hehe. I'll bring them next time to show you.


503 536:areatalk03_042

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Megurine Luka)

Luka: What's this? I've never seen Honami with a guitar before.
Honami: Oh, yeah. We've been teaching each other a little about our instruments lately.
Ichika: Honami was showing me how to play the drums earlier.
Luka: Hehe. So now it's your turn to show Honami the guitar?
Honami: Right. Um, Luka? Would you mind if I tried the bass later?
Ichika: Oh, I'd like to give it a try as well.
Luka: Of course. Be my guest.


504 537:areatalk03_043

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Megurine Luka)

Saki: Okay, so this one here is the bass drum. That's the snare drum, and these are the high, low, and floor toms!
Honami: Nice. Looks like you've memorized them all.
Saki: Hehehe. I still don't really understand the difference between a drum and a tom, though.
Luka: I suppose it's mostly the size. They're made differently as well, which changes the sound.
Saki: Oh, I see...
Luka: Hehe. It would probably be easier to understand if you tried hitting them for yourself. Right, Honami?
Honami: Yeah. Here, Saki. Give it a try.
Saki: Really?! I've been wanting to try this for a while. Thanks, Hona!


505 538:areatalk03_044

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Shiho: Honami, you want to try doing a solo?
Honami: A s-solo?! Me?
Shiho: Yeah. You've been doing plenty of songs with complicated phrasing lately, so I figured you might be ready.
Luka: I agree. I think you're probably ready to try doing some vocals as well.
Honami: Vocals? As in, singing while I'm playing?
Luka: Yes. I'd be interested to see how your softer singing voice pairs with the sound of your drumming.
Shiho: How about trying some vocals during a solo, then?
Honami: What?! I-I don't know about that. Can I just start with a regular solo first?


506 539:areatalk03_045

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Luka: You two practice together quite often.
Honami: Yeah. I'm usually the one who asks Shiho, but she's almost always willing to join me.
Shiho: We're the ones that set the rhythm for the band, you know.
Luka: Hehe. Uh huh. I suppose that is true.
Shiho: Why does your laugh sound so suspicious?
Honami: I'm sure it's just your imagination, Shiho. Now then, shall we move on to the next section?


507 540:areatalk03_052

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Shiho, thanks for recommending that cloth and oil. They worked really well.
Shiho: Yeah? That's good to hear.
Saki: Taking care of a guitar or a bass seems like a lot of work.
Shiho: You've got to do at least this much if you want to keep them sounding good.
Ichika: What about you, Saki? You take the time to properly oil and grease your keyboard, don't you?
Saki: Oh, totally! Teehee!
Saki: You get so attached to your instrument that you just want to take extra good care of it♪


508 541:areatalk03_053

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: What do you think our level as a band is right now?
Honami: Shiho is the one setting the bar for our skill level, so I'm not really sure.
Shiho: You want to hear the truth?
Saki: Urgh... Now I'm not so sure.
Honami: Hahaha. We still haven't even performed on stage, so I don't think we need to be worried about that just yet.
Shiho: Exactly. Now somebody go and get Ichika so we can get back to practice.


509 542:areatalk03_054

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Oh, Saki Phenny looks like she's about ready to fall over. There we go.
Ichika: Saki Phenny?
Shiho: Nngh!
Honami: Shiho, did you name your Phenny plushies after us?
Shiho: These are the Phenny plushies we all bought together.
Shiho: The only difference is their color, so I just started calling them by our names to help tell them apart.
Ichika: I see...
Shiho: Wh-What's with the grin?
Honami: Oh, it's nothing. Hehe. We've got to tell Saki about this.
Shiho: If it's nothing, then there's no reason to tell her. You'd better not say anything!


510 543:areatalk03_055

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Shiho, I understand you go to a lot of girl band concerts. Do you normally listen to a lot of band music?
Shiho: Yeah, I guess. I've been trying to listen to more bands with the same instrument composition as ours.
Miku (Ln): Really? Oh, I get it. You're trying to make sure you can give proper advice to Ichika and the others.
Shiho: No, that's not what I...
Miku (Ln): There's no need to be embarrassed.
Luka: Hehe. That's Shiho for you.


511 544:areatalk03_057

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Shiho: Do you have a minute?
Luka: Oh, Shiho. Ichika. Is something wrong?
Shiho: We were hoping to hear a bass solo one of these days when you have the time.
Luka: You want to hear me play?
Ichika: Yeah. We realized that we've never really heard you play on your own.
Luka: Hehe. I'd be happy to play for you. Did you have a specific song in mind?
Ichika: Really? Oh, what should we ask for? I want to hear some different styles. We'll think about it and bring some requests next time.


512 545:areatalk03_058

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Saki: It's not working! I just can't seem to get this part down...
Luka: It sounds like you're over-thinking it. Maybe you should try taking your mind off it for a while.
Saki: Like a change of pace? Any idea what I should do, Shiho?　
Shiho: Try practicing a different song than the one you're working on right now.
Saki: What? That's still practice, though!
Luka: Hehe. That sure sounds like Shiho's idea of a break.


513 546:areatalk03_059

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Shiho: Honami, do you have time after practice?
Honami: Yeah. Why do you ask?
Shiho: I've got a feeling there's going to be an English quiz tomorrow so I was going to do some reading practice. Could you help me?
Honami: Sure. I can do that.
Luka: Hehe. Shiho is always the one helping everyone with band practice, but I guess the same isn't true when it comes to studying.
Shiho: True. Having Honami around is always a huge help, especially when test time rolls around.
Honami: If we're talking about English, isn't that something you're pretty good at, Luka?
Luka: I suppose if you're looking for a conversation partner, I could probably be of assistance.
Shiho: Really? I'd appreciate that.
Luka: Hehe. In that case, why don't we put our instruments away and have some study time.


514 547:areatalk03_060

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Luka: What do you two usually do on days you don't have school or meet for practice?
Honami: I like to go hang out with my friends from class, go buy apple pies, or stay at home and play with my dog, Shibao.
Shiho: I'm usually practicing on my own or working part-time at the live house.
Honami: Sometimes the four of us go shopping at the mall.
Shiho: A lot of times we get so into whatever we're doing that before we know it, it's already getting dark.
Luka: I see. Hehe. I'm glad to hear you're all such close friends.
Luka: I would love to hear more some time. Miku was saying she really wants to know what you all do for fun too.
Honami: Miku was? Okay, we'll make sure to tell her.


515 548:areatalk03_129

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: I think I hear an instrument. Is somebody playing the bass?
Toya: No, that's a contrabass. MEIKO is probably playing a record or something at the cafe.
Toya: If you ask, she'll put on some jazz music.
An: Really? That's cool! I'm always impressed with MEIKO. I bet she knows all sorts of great music.
Kohane: Yeah. I'd like to hear more of this song. Come on, you two. Let's hurry to the cafe.


516 549:areatalk03_133

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, MEIKO)

Kohane: MEIKO, is Miku the only one you have to help out at the cafe?
An: Taking care of morning prep, doing all the dishes and keeping up with cleaning must be really tough.
MEIKO: It isn't too bad. After all, we only get a few customers.
MEIKO: I'd always welcome more help, though!
Kohane: Really? You're always doing so much for us that I'd like to help out if I can.
An: Me too. I help my dad at the restaurant all the time, so I'm sure I'd be of use!
MEIKO: Hehe. Thank you. I may just take you both up on the offer next time.


517 550:areatalk03_135

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Here you are. A black coffee for Toya and a cafe latte for Kohane.
Kohane: Thank you, MEIKO.
Toya: Do you like milk, Azusawa?
Kohane: Huh?
Toya: I was just thinking that you tend to order drinks that have a lot of milk in them.
MEIKO: Now that I think about it, he's right.
Kohane: I've never really thought about it before. I guess maybe I do?


518 551:areatalk03_142

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: For somewhere with so much graffiti everywhere, it's oddly clean here.
Kohane: Yeah, it is. I wonder if there are people who clean the place.
An: I don't know. I feel like the people here just aren't the kind to toss their garbage on the ground in the first place.
Kohane: That makes sense. The only ones we've seen here are people like Miku and MEIKO.
Kohane: I feel like Vivid Street is a lot cleaner than most other streets too, though.
Akito: Well, yeah. The people who own the shops hold regular cleaning days to keep it that way.
Kohane: Oh, really?!
Kohane: (It felt kind of scary the first time I went, but all the people there are so nice.)


519 552:areatalk03_143

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Hey, Rin and Len were asking if we'd be interested in helping them put up some new graffiti here. What do you think?
Toya: Are we allowed to do that?
An: MEIKO gave her permission, so it's all right!
An: Akito, your dad's an artist, right? Show us what you can do.
Akito: I don't know what you're expecting, but I'm not that good.
An: Now you have to so I can tell if you're being modest or serious. Toya, you help too!
Toya: That sounds more like a command than a question.
An: It's no fun to just sit and watch by yourself. We're all going to help!
An: Hehe. I can't wait!


520 553:areatalk03_144

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: It looks like MEIKO added something new to the menu. Sandwiches, huh?
Kohane: Hehehe. I actually asked her to add those. I thought it might be nice in case we got a little hungry.
Kohane: Didn't you make a request too, Aoyagi?
Toya: Yeah, a coffee blend. I asked her to try different combinations of some beans I like.
An: How is she able to respond to customers' request as quickly as she does...?
Kohane: An?
An: Oh, sorry. I was just thinking she's kinda like a rival.
An: (If I'm not careful, she's going to steal two of my regulars.)


521 554:areatalk03_145

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Miku (VBS): Hey, have you guys ever thought about doing rap battles?
An: Well, that could be kinda fun, but...
An: If we're all going to get up on stage together, I think I'd rather combine our skills to do something we couldn't on our own.
MEIKO: Perhaps something similar to a certain legendary event created by your father and his friends, for example?
An: Yeah, exactly!
Miku (VBS): That sounds nice. I'm getting more and more excited to see what sort of event you end up putting together.


522 555:areatalk03_146

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

An: I know a few DJs, so I sort of understand how hard DJing can be. You've got some real skills, Len.
An: You know how to keep the crowd pumped when everyone's focused on you, but you're also great supporting other artists on stage too.
Len: Hehehe, thanks! I am pretty good, aren't I?!
MEIKO: You are. Now if only you could act a little more mature, you and Rin wouldn't get into so many arguments.
Len: Hey, you make it sound like I'm the only one acting like a kid. It's not always my fault, you know.
MEIKO: That's precisely the sort of thing I'm talking about.


523 556:areatalk03_147

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

An: Your cafe is so nice, MEIKO. Did you design the interior?
MEIKO: Yes. I did get Miku's and Rin's opinions before finalizing things, though.
Len: Just Miku's and Rin's? What about mine?
MEIKO: I asked you, but you didn't seem very interested.
An: That actually reminds me. I vaguely remember my dad asking me some stuff when he was designing the restaurant.
An: I was busy having so much fun singing and looking for someone to perform with back then, though. I don't really remember what he asked.
Len: Right?! When you're having fun, all your attention gets focused on that instead!
MEIKO: You should try considering the feelings of the person asking for your input.


524 557:areatalk03_148

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, MEIKO)

An: MEIKO, we've got tests coming up soon. Do you mind if we study here for a while?
MEIKO: Of course not. Feel free to stay as long as you like.
Kohane: Thank you!
Kohane: There are a lot of places that won't let you sit and study around this time, so we were wondering where we could go.
MEIKO: Hehe. I'm glad to be of service. Now study to your hearts' content, my little learners.
An & Kohane: Yes, ma'am!


525 558:areatalk03_149

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, MEIKO)

Akito: The RAD WEEKEND flyer on that wall really takes me back.
An: We don't even have any left at the restaurant.
An: I guess my dad's not really the type to keep stuff like that just for the sentimental value.
An: It's nice to see it again, though.
MEIKO: I suppose that was the event that put you both on this path, wasn't it?
MEIKO: Don't worry. It will be right there whenever you visit.
MEIKO: That's the kind of place this is.


526 559:areatalk03_150

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO)

An: The graffiti on this wall reminds me of one I see all the time on Vivid Street.
Toya: Yeah, but the one on Vivid Street is spelled incorrectly. This one has the proper spelling.
An: Spelling? Oh, you're right! That must be why it looks a little off.
An: This place can give birth to music, right? Do you think it has some kind of spell-checker, too?
MEIKO: Actually, it kept bothering Miku so badly that we decided to fix it.
MEIKO: She said proper spelling would help convey the message of the original artist more accurately.
Toya: I agree. I prefer it this way as well. If you're trying to send a message with your graffiti, you should make sure to do so properly.
MEIKO: Hehe. That's true.


527 560:areatalk03_154

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

An: So you were actually there that night, right Akito?
Akito: What night? Oh, you mean at RAD WEEKEND?
Akito: Yeah. I just happened to be passing by and heard the crowd and music.
Akito: It kinda drew me in and before I knew it, I was inside.
Kohane: RAD WEEKEND must have really been an amazing event.
An: There are quite a few people like Akito who say it's the reason they got into music.
Kohane: Really? I wonder if that means we have rivals out there trying to do a better RAD WEEKEND like we are.
Akito: I'd bet there are quite a few. You'd better not let that scare you off, though.
Kohane: R-Right! I've decided to do this, so I'm gonna do my best!
An: That's my Kohane! I knew I could count on you!


528 561:areatalk03_155

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Azusawa, you used to watch videos to practice your singing, right?
Kohane: Yeah. I would find songs I liked and try to imitate them.
Akito: And that's how you ended up with your current style?
Kohane: My current style?
Toya: If you and Shiraishi were to sing the same lyrics with the same melody, the result would sound different, right?
Akito: Think of it as your own type, your own quirks.
Toya: Understanding and being able to control those will help you develop a unique style of your own.
Kohane: My own unique style?!
Kohane: I'm still trying to figure out what kind of styles I can do. I guess I need to think more about how I want to sound!


529 562:areatalk03_156

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: This place is so handy. We can practice whenever we want.
Toya: And when we get tired, we can take a break at the cafe.
An: I guess, but I can't really hang around here all the time.
An: Our restaurant may not be very big, but I hate making my dad handle all the customers on his own.
An: Actually, I should probably get back to help out! What are you guys gonna do?
Toya: We're going to practice for a while longer.
Akito: Yeah. We'll stop by later if we can. Say hi to Ken.
An: Will do. See you later!


530 563:areatalk03_160

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Len: Humhumhuuum♪
Akito: Someone's in a good mood.
Len: Hehehe. I got to sing with Toya earlier. It was so much fun♪
Miku (VBS): That's because he was being extra careful to make sure it was easy for you.
Akito: Yeah, he's really good at covering for others like that.
Miku (VBS): He's like the perfect babysitter.
Len: Babysitter?! C'mon, that was a great collaboration and you know it!


531 564:areatalk03_161

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Len: Akito, I heard you have an older sister. What's she like?
Akito: Huh? What's she like? She's super annoying.
Len: Oh, you two don't get along?
Akito: That's not exactly what I meant...
MEIKO: Len, brothers and sisters don't necessarily get along all the time.
Len: Huh. I guess Rin and I fight a lot, too.
Len: If you two ever get into a fight, you can always come to me. I'll help you out like that time with Toya!
Akito: Sure. I'll be sure to let you know.


532 565:areatalk03_163

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Kagamine Len)

Len: I don't see you two together very often. Were you teasing her again, Akito?
Akito: Sigh... And why would you think that?
Kohane: Um, he was just telling me that An and Aoyagi are going to be late because of committee duties at school.
Len: Oh, does that mean you two are best friends now?
Akito: Why does it have to be one extreme or the other? It's not like you have to be best friends just to hang out.
Len: C'mon, there's no need to be shy...
Akito: I'm not being shy.
Kohane: Hehe.


533 566:areatalk03_164

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Kagamine Len)

Len: Oh, you're back.
Akito: What, something wrong with that?
Len: No, I just thought students were supposed to study more. And you two seem especially bad at it.
An: You don't have to be so rude. It's not like we don't know how to study at all.
Akito: Yeah, even I'm not that bad.
Len: I see. Doesn't that imply that you're not that good either?
An & Akito: Hrng...
Len: It sounds like Kohane and Toya are in for a hard time, too.


534 567:areatalk03_165

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

Len: I heard An's dad was a really good musician. What was his name again?
Akito: It's Ken. There's not a single person in town that likes music who hasn't heard of him.
Toya: There are quite a few people like Akito who were inspired by him as well. A lot of people look up to him.
Len: Wow, he sounds really amazing!
Len: It's too bad I can't meet him in person. It'd be great to listen to some of his music, though!
Toya: Akito has pretty much all his CDs.
Akito: Yeah. You want me to bring some next time?
Len: Really?! That'd be awesome! You gotta promise you won't forget!


535 568:areatalk03_172

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: How many times have we sung together like this now?
An: I don't know. I've lost count.
Toya: That reminds me. What made you choose Azusawa to be your singing partner in the first place?
An: Kohane came to the restaurant one day and I heard her sing a little bit.
An: As soon as I did, I just had the feeling she was the one!
Kohane: You really caught me off guard when you suddenly asked me to sing like that.
Kohane: But that was the day all this first started.
An: Yep. One thing led to another, and now the four of us are a team.
Toya: Yeah. It's starting to feel more natural every day.
Kohane: I hope we can all keep working hard together!


536 569:areatalk03_173

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

An: All the equipment in SEKAI is really retro, but it all sounds amazing.
Toya: I bet that's due to the fact MEIKO takes such good care of it all.
Akito: Yeah. That must be a lot of work. I can't believe she does all that on top of managing a cafe.
An: That's probably why Miku helps out so much.
Toya: Maybe we should help too, from time to time.
Akito: Yeah. Let's offer to help next time we see her.


537 570:areatalk03_174

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: There's so much vandalism on the walls here and on Vivid Street...
Kohane: Oh, I guess it might be better to call it graffiti art?
Toya: It all depends on the person. Some see it as vandalism, while others see it as art.
Akito: Yeah. You've got some that just look like vandalism, but sometimes you see a design that really stands out.
Akito: Though I suppose any painting done without permission is technically vandalism.
Kohane: That's true. Even I think some of the designs are really cool, though.
Toya: It's the same way certain songs have a strange appeal to them. Paintings and drawings are no different.


538 571:areatalk03_175

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Miku (VBS): Have you gotten used to this place?
Toya: Yeah. It feels as comfortable being here as it does at Ken's place.
Len: Toya never really seemed to be against coming here in the first place, though.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. I remember Akito calling Len a hallucination.
Toya: He may not look like it, but he's actually a pretty grounded guy. Coming here was probably quite a shock for him.
Len: There's something about Toya accepting everything here so easily, though. It's a little...
Miku (VBS): Unsatisfying?
Len: Yeah, that's it! Thinking back on it now, it was really fun watching how Akito reacted!


539 572:areatalk03_176

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Let's see. If this goes here, and this goes over there... I wonder if it just has a bad connection.
Toya: Hm? What are you two doing?
Len: My speaker has been acting up, so MEIKO's taking a look at it for me.
Toya: Do you think you can fix it?
MEIKO: If it's actually broken, there's not much I can do, but if it just has a loose connection somewhere, then I should be able to just... Hyah!
Len: Y-You hit it!
Toya: Hey, it's working...
MEIKO: Hehe. A little tap on the back can go a long way to motivate someone. A speaker is no different. Just remember to be gentle.
Len: I get it! That was amazing, MEIKO!
Toya: (I'm not so sure that's how it works. Oh well, can't argue with the results.)


540 573:areatalk03_177

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Toya: I feel like the music sounds a little different than usual.
MEIKO: Hehe. You have a good ear. This is a record.
Len: Hey, Toya! Do you know how a record plays sound?!
Len: The surface of a record is covered in rough grooves. You run a needle over them and the vibrations turn into sound!
Toya: I did know that, yes. My father actually has quite the collection of records.
Len: Tsk, well you're no fun.
MEIKO: Hehe. If you want to impress someone with your knowledge, you chose the wrong person.


541 574:areatalk03_178

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

Len: You two aren't really the type to go out and do something on your own, are you?
Len: Do you ever find it hard having such an outgoing singing partner?
Kohane: There are plenty of times I've thought about how amazing An can be, but I've never really thought of her as difficult.
Len: What about you, Toya?
Toya: When it comes to music and his goals, Akito is always super focused. So much so that he's strict on himself as well as others.
Toya: So in that sense, trying to always live up to his ideals can be pretty difficult.
Len: I see. I guess that's also what makes it all worth it though, huh?!


542 575:areatalk03_187

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Tsukasa: Whoah?!
Emu: Tsukasa, what're you so jumpy for?
Tsukasa: It's not like I did it on purpose! I was just trying to sit down, and the bench tried to start flying up into the air!
Emu: Really?! That's amazing!
Nene: It is, but wouldn't it be dangerous to just keep rising into the air like that?
Emu: You think so? But then you could dangle your legs and swing 'em all around!
Tsukasa: Well, in your case, the bench wouldn't even need to fly for that...
Nene: Yeah. You're fine as is.
Emu: Hwah?


543 576:areatalk03_188

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: I know we've been here before, but do the clouds look pink to you?
Rui: Now that you mention it, they do have a pink tinge.
Tsukasa: I decided a while ago that I was going to pretend they're all big balls of cotton candy floating in the sky.
Nene: Huh, that's quite the imagination you have.
Rui: Hehe. If Emu heard you say that, I have the feeling she would probably try to find a way up there to eat them.


544 577:areatalk03_189

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Emu, I heard you and Miku rode the flying train.
Emu: Yep! It was super high and fast! I couldn't help but keep yelling how amazing the view was♪
Rui: Hehe. Were you trying to imitate Ishikawa Goemon from the famous Kabuki play?
Emu: Hwah? Who's that?
Tsukasa: You've never heard of him...?
Tsukasa: Wait, I didn't know you watched kabuki plays as well as musicals, Rui.
Rui: It's a very unique style of stage theater. I watch it from time to time as a means of study.
Rui: Right now, however, I would much rather see the view Emu did from the train.
Emu: Miku showed me how to get on! Now I can ride it whenever I want♪
Rui: That was nice of her. Why don't you lead the way, then?


545 578:areatalk03_190

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

KAITO: Tsukasa, how do you guys usually come up with ideas for your performances?
Tsukasa: We usually start with a brainstorming session.
Tsukasa: Anything goes, so we just start throwing out things we'd like to try. Then we expand on those ideas.
Miku (WxS): Wow☆ You can say whatever you want? I bet you get all sorts of fun ideas that way!
Tsukasa: I don't know if I'd put it that way. It usually ends up with Emu pitching some strange idea that gets Rui all excited.
Tsukasa: Then, before I have a chance to say anything, it's turned into something crazy.
Miku (WxS): That sounds so fun♪ It's always more exciting when you come up with something people weren't expecting☆
KAITO: Hehe. You four don't seem like the kind to put on a conventional show anyway.
Tsukasa: Well, I suppose I agree with that, but I have to admit that conventional sounds pretty appealing sometimes.


546 579:areatalk03_191

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

KAITO: Tsukasa, you write the screenplays for your shows, correct?
Tsukasa: As of right now, yes.
Tsukasa: Nene might be all right, but I'd be worried for my safety if I let Rui or Emu write them
KAITO: Hahaha...
Miku (WxS): Yeah, but it's that dedication of yours that puts the biggest smiles on people's faces☆
Tsukasa: Hrnk...!
Tsukasa: Miku...are you a monster, too...?
Miku (WxS): Huh?


547 580:areatalk03_192

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, KAITO)

Emu: Hey, KAITO? Why is it the flowers are always singing the same song?
Tsukasa: Now that you mention it, you're right. It always sounded so familiar that I never really thought about it before.
KAITO: They actually have quite a large repertoire. In fact, they sing all kinds of songs during our performances.
KAITO: However, the song they are currently singing is particularly special to them.
KAITO: After all, they were born from Tsukasa's feelings just like the rest of this SEKAI.
Emu: Does that mean this song is important to you too, Tsukasa?!
Tsukasa: Oh! That must be why it sounds so familiar!
KAITO: Hehe. It seems that way. When you get a moment, I bet they would love for you to listen to them more closely.


548 581:areatalk03_193

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, KAITO)

Tsukasa: Hm? That voice... Is Emu really singing with the flowers again?
Nene: So what if she is? She's getting better at singing together with others, don't you think?
Tsukasa: That's true. It is nice that she doesn't just belt out songs as loudly as she can anymore. Nicely done, Nene!
Nene: And why exactly do you look so smug about it?
KAITO: Oh, have you been teaching Emu how to sing, Nene?
Nene: Yeah, a little bit. She asked me to help her a while back.
KAITO: Hehe. It must make you even happier to see her improving like this, then.
Nene: A little, yeah.


549 582:areatalk03_194

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

KAITO: Rui, you design all the stage effects for your performances, isn't that right?
KAITO: That's very impressive. It's hard to believe you were able to make real lightning strike the stage.
Tsukasa: Seriously, I can't believe you did that either. Your ideas are beyond the realm of mere mortals.
Rui: Thank you for the high praise, Tsukasa. I will have to devise an even more exciting recipe for our next show.
KAITO: Hehe. You make it sound like you're cooking.
Rui: Well, they do say careful planning and execution are essential parts of masterful cooking.
Rui: So I think for our next show... Hehehe...
Tsukasa: Wh-Why did you just look at me like that?!
KAITO: He's probably come up with another incredible idea. Good luck, Tsukasa...


550 583:areatalk03_195

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, KAITO)

KAITO: Tsukasa, I understand you write quite a number of musicals. Do you ever get the urge to write heroic stories?
Tsukasa: Heroic stories, huh?
Tsukasa: To me, the star of the show is already a sort of hero, so I haven't given it much thought.
Emu: Let's do one of those next time! How about Stretcho the Pliable Knight?!
KAITO: A story about a knight, hm? I might have an idea or two I could suggest.
Emu: See, even KAITO thinks it's a good idea! C'mon, Tsukasa! Let's do it♪
Tsukasa: All right, all right.
Tsukasa: Let's suggest the idea to the others before we go deciding what kind of heroic tale it's going to be.


551 584:areatalk03_202

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: Ah! Look, you two! That tree looks like a cute bear!
Nene: That one? I guess it does sorta look like a bear from here.
Tsukasa: I don't see any bear-shaped trees. You two are just imagining things.
Nene: Hmph. It must only be visible to those that are pure of heart.
Emu: What?! When did he become so jaded? Oh Tsukasa, you poor thing!
Nene: Yes. Such a shame.
Tsukasa: Will you two stop trying to find ways to pity me?!


552 585:areatalk03_203

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Rui? You look a little sad. What's wrong?
Rui: Well, it would seem that one of the plushies was in a bit of an accident.
Nene: What the?! Where's its head?!
Emu: Wh-Wh-What do we do?! Should we call an ambulance?!
Rui: Hehe. Sorry, you two.
Rui: Look, there's nothing to worry about.
Emu: What?! Its head just popped out! What's going on?!
Rui: Hehe. This little one has a special ability and wanted to surprise you both with it. I was simply lending a hand. Isn't that right?
Nene: Don't do that! I was really worried for a minute there. Do that again, and I'm going to use the Robo-Nene beam on you.
Rui: Hehe. How frightening. I will be sure to keep that in mind.


553 586:areatalk03_204

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Hyaaah!
Tsukasa: Huh? Emu, what in the world are you doing? Why do you keep climbing that tree and jumping out of it?
Emu: I'm trying to fly, of course.
Emu: If a giant merry-go-round can do it, then it only makes sense that I should be able to as well!
Tsukasa: That's not how it works... Rui, a little help?
Rui: Of course. In order to fly, you need to get a proper running start. Then you have to flap your arms like so.
Tsukasa: I didn't mean to give her flying advice...
Emu: Oh, I see. So I've got to be more like a bird! You want to join me, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: No, I do not!


554 587:areatalk03_205

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Emu: Miku, your costume is so flashy and sparkly! I love it!
Miku (WxS): Hehehe, thank you♪ But your costume is just as flashy and sparkly as mine, Emu☆
KAITO: I think so too. Is that your theme park uniform?
Emu: Yeah! Not everyone has the same one, though. Some attractions have different uniforms.
Emu: Oh, and I added some special customizations to mine, so it's different than everybody else's♪
Miku (WxS): A customized uniform?! That's so cool☆
KAITO: Yes, it shows off your unique and creative style. That's exactly what a costume should do.


555 588:areatalk03_206

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Emu: Hehehe. Miku, KAITO, look at this!
KAITO: A drawing of an amusement park? Is this the Phoenix Wonderland park where you all work?
Emu: Yep! I wanted to show you and Miku what it looked like, so I drew you a picture.
Emu: I wish you could actually come and visit, though...
KAITO: That would be fun. But look, Emu.
Miku (WxS): Wow, look at how big that roller coaster is! Oh, and it's the kind with the big splash at the end!
KAITO: Miku is having plenty of fun just looking.
Emu: You're right! Hehehe! I'm glad I drew it♪


556 589:areatalk03_207

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, KAITO)

KAITO: Hm? What is that herbal scent I smell?
Emu: Suhasa ave me a lozenz. (Tsukasa gave me a lozenge.)
Tsukasa: Don't talk with your mouth full.
Tsukasa: It's important for stars to take care of their voices. These lozenges are a bit expensive, but using them regularly does wonders for—
Emu: *crunch crunch*
Tsukasa: Hey! I told you to suck on it! No chewing!
Emu: Wow, Tsukasa! Your voice really carried just now☆
KAITO: Hahaha. It would seem the lozenges are already working.


557 590:areatalk03_208

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, KAITO)

KAITO: Nene, do you always take Robo-Nene with you?
Nene: Not always. I make sure not to take it to school because I'm worried the teachers might confiscate it.
KAITO: So she takes care of the house while you're at school, then? That's nice of you, Robo-Nene.
Nene: (Oh, that's right. KAITO doesn't really treat Robo-Nene like a robot.)
Nene: (Is that just his personality? Or is that because he himself is a VIRTUAL SINGER?)
Emu: Good job, Robo-Nene! Keep up the good work♪
Nene: Ah...
Nene: (I forgot there was someone else who doesn't seem to bother with the distinction. Oh, well.)


558 591:areatalk03_209

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

Rui: KAITO, I'm interested in learning more about your stage mechanisms. Would you be willing to give me a tour?
KAITO: Of course! Would you like to join us, Emu?
Emu: Really?! What do you mean by stage mechanisms, though?
KAITO: That's how we refer to all the equipment used during a show. For example, the devices used to raise and lower backgrounds and curtains or adjust the lights.
Rui: It also includes trap doors, rotating platforms, horizontal sliding platforms, and a number of other things.
KAITO: Haha. Our stage isn't quite that complicated, but I think you'll enjoy it just the same.
Emu: Rotating and sliding floors?! That sounds wonderhoy! Hehehe, I can't wait to see☆


559 592:areatalk03_210

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, KAITO)

KAITO: Tsukasa, what's wrong? You seem a bit down today.
Emu: That's because he took a big tumble during our last show.
Emu: The sword he was holding went flying and jabbed right into the dragon's head.
Tsukasa: Miraculously, it ended up making everyone laugh before the curtain fell, but I can't believe I messed up such an important scene.
KAITO: .....
KAITO: That's a future star for you, though. You've even managed to make an ally of Lady Luck herself!
Tsukasa: Hey!
Tsukasa: You know, you're right. I took a huge failure and turned it into a huge success! I really am amazing, aren't I?!
Tsukasa: The stars above must have been watching over me since the day I was born! They have promised me a bright future as a star myself!
Emu: Thanks, KAITO. Tsukasa is back to his usual self!
KAITO: Hehe. You're welcome.


560 593:areatalk03_218

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: If you startle the flowers growing here, they make that silly, scrunched-up face.
Rui: Silly scrunched-up face? Oh, you mean like the one manga characters sometimes get?
Nene: You're pretty good at making that face yourself, Emu. Try making the one you get when you eat an umeboshi.
Emu: Sure♪ Ready, and...sour face!
Nene: Yeah! That's the one.
Rui: For me, I'm most surprised at the fact Nene is having so much fun.
Nene: What? I-I don't think I'm being any different to usual...
Emu: Hey, Nene. Sour face!
Nene: Pfff... Hahaha!
Rui: Well, well. Hehe. I think we may have discovered a previously unknown side of Nene.


561 594:areatalk03_219

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: The merry-go-round and the train both fly, right? So what's special about the Ferris wheel?
Tsukasa: What are you asking me for?
Rui: Have you never ridden it before?
Tsukasa: Nope! There's no telling what kind of crazy stuff will happen on the rides in this place.
Rui: Hehe. Do I sense a little post-traumatic stress from being dragged around by Miku and Emu?
Nene: Sounds like it.


562 595:areatalk03_220

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Miku (WxS): Nene, are you more comfortable talking with others now?
Nene: You mean without using Robo-Nene? Yeah, sort of...
Nene: I still have trouble on stage, though...
KAITO: You still get nervous if Robo-Nene isn't with you, huh?
Miku (WxS): Don't worry! You're not alone, Nene☆
KAITO: That's right. We're here to help however we can.
Nene: Th-Thanks, Miku... KAITO...


563 596:areatalk03_221

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Miku (WxS): Nene! Robo-Nene! Hello☆
Nene: Oh, Miku, KAITO. What are all the cardboard boxes for?
KAITO: Our next show is starting soon so we're on our way to get all the stuffed animals who are performing with us.
Miku (WxS): We always carry them in these boxes to make sure they don't get tired out before the show starts♪
Nene: I see...
KAITO: If you're not busy, you're welcome to join us.
Nene: Oh, are you sure?
Miku (WxS): Of course! Let's all go pick up our little helpers♪


564 597:areatalk03_222

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, KAITO)

Emu: Nene! Can you show us the Robo-Nene Beam?
Nene: What? Where'd that come from, all of a sudden?
KAITO: Hahaha. We were discussing what sort of things Robo-Nene was capable of and the laser came up.
KAITO: It doesn't really sound like something you'd need for your shows, though. Can Robo-Nene really shoot lasers?
Nene: I don't know. This is Rui we're talking about, though. Knowing him, he probably doesn't think a robot is a robot unless it can.
KAITO: Hehe. I think I kind of understand. All boys dream of robots that can shoot lasers.
Emu: So that means it can, right?! I wanna see it!
Nene: If he put in as much effort as I'm guessing to make a real laser, it could be pretty dangerous.
Nene: Worst case scenario, we end up leveling part of the park.
KAITO: Hahaha... Well, as exciting as it sounds to see a laser, I'd prefer to avoid that.


565 598:areatalk03_223

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, KAITO)

KAITO: Tsukasa, have you gotten used to seeing so many plushies and singing flowers around here?
Tsukasa: Of course. I've been here plenty of times now!
Nene: Is that so? Does that mean you're not going to get surprised when singing flowers start sprouting out of your head?
Tsukasa: Wh-What...?
Tsukasa: Surely not... That won't really happen, will it?! I don't want a flower growing from my head!
Nene: Of course that's not gonna happen. How gullible are you?
Tsukasa: Hey!
KAITO: Now, now. No fighting you two. You're going to scare our friends here.


566 599:areatalk03_225

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

Nene: ——♪ ——♪
Nene: Thank you very much.
KAITO: Your voice gets more lovely every time I hear it, Nene.
Rui: Hehe. It would seem the stuffed animals and the flowers agree with him. They've all moved in to get a better view.
Nene: Whoa, you're right! I didn't even notice.
KAITO: Could we trouble you for an encore? I'm sure everyone would love to hear you sing a while longer.
Rui: We're finished with rehearsal for the day, so there's no need to worry about time.
Nene: I guess it couldn't hurt, then. I'll sing one more song before we go.


567 600:areatalk03_232

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: This place is always so much fun with the balloons and bubbles floating around everywhere!
Tsukasa: Yeah. That's definitely something that children would enjoy.
Rui: Should we give it a try ourselves, then?
Rui: Doing exactly the same thing would be a bit mundane, though. What if we were to use helium and soap to make sky bubbles?
Emu: Sky bubbles?!
Rui: They were quite popular on social media not too long ago. We can create whatever shapes we like, then send them soaring into the sky.
Emu: Wow! That sounds so cool! Let's do it, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: That's an oddly straightforward, safe idea for you, Rui. All right, we can do some experimenting once we get back!


568 601:areatalk03_234

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: Why is it there are so many flowers here, but I never see any butterflies or other bugs?
Rui: Perhaps that is due to Tsukasa's hatred of insects.
Rui: I believe the many-legged insects such as centipedes are the worst, correct?
Tsukasa: Yeah, that's right. I can't fathom why such things even exist on this Earth at all!
Nene: Oh, I know what you mean. I hate those kinds of bugs.
Tsukasa: Wait! Do Nene and I actually agree on something?!


569 602:areatalk03_236

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Miku (WxS): Rui, if you can build something like Robo-Nene, I bet you could make anything♪
Rui: Hehe. As with all things, though, perfection requires much trial and error.
Rui: Getting something to look and perform just the way you want it to takes a lot of work.
KAITO: Now that I think about it, you're the only one here with so much technical expertise, isn't that right?
Miku (WxS): Does that mean you can't ask the others for help?
Rui: Yes, it's true they are unable to assist with the technical side of things.
Rui: However, it is quite an honor to perform duties for which only I am qualified. I have never thought it troublesome.
KAITO: I see. That's our Rui! As reliable as ever!


570 603:areatalk03_237

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

Rui: KAITO, where exactly do all the balloons come from and how are they made?
KAITO: Hehe. Why don't you try finding the answer yourself? It will be more fun that way.
KAITO: We can call it, Operation Uncover the Secret of the Balloons! What do you say?
Emu: Like a mission?! That sounds like fun!
Emu: Rui! Rui! Let's go on a mission!
Rui: Hehe. I suppose being handed the answer would be a bit dull.
Rui: (KAITO sure is good at taking something as mundane as this and coming up with an idea that puts a smile on someone's face.)


571 604:areatalk03_238

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

Rui: ...could be the result of localized magnetic storms... But without knowing the longitude and latitude of this place...
KAITO: Rui, you've been muttering to yourself and looking up at the sky for a while now. Is everything all right?
Nene: He's been trying to figure out the cause of the auroras we see here sometimes.
KAITO: That's certainly a difficult question.
KAITO: I'm fairly certain the principles behind the auroras here are quite different than those that cause the real ones.
Nene: Yeah, he said the same thing. He thinks if he can figure these ones out, he might be able to reproduce them above the Wonder Stage.
KAITO: I see. So he's doing this for his stage productions, then. He sure is dedicated, isn't he?


572 605:areatalk03_239

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

Rui: There are quite a number of stuffed animals here, but are there no actual animals?
Nene: Now that you mention it, I've never seen any.
KAITO: That's true. The only ones I'm aware of are the plushies near the stage where Miku and I perform.
Rui: I see. I take it the possibility of there being animals who understand human speech is quite low, then.
KAITO: Is there an animal you wish to speak with?
Nene: You want to talk to a platypus, don't you?
Rui: But of course. There is still much we do not understand about them, after all.
Rui: Just imagining the opportunity to ask them directly for answers... Why it's enough to make me want to dance!
Nene: And this is why he's so dangerous. Even if there were talking animals out there, they'd be smart to stay away.
KAITO: Hahaha. You may be right. Though I honestly don't know if there are or not.


573 606:areatalk03_240

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

Rui: All right, today you will be assisting me with the review of my newly completed stage equipment.
KAITO: Oh, you're helping with stage production, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: I'm not doing this because I want to, you know. He may call these reviews, but what he really wants is a test subject.
Rui: Hehe. I'm sure you would get just as bored as I would without a little extra excitement every now and then.
Tsukasa: No, I'd be perfectly fine with—
Rui: Just as I thought. All right, shall we get started?
Tsukasa: Hey! You're not Emu, so I know you actually heard what I said! You're just ignoring me on purpose!
KAITO: Hahaha. You two always make for an entertaining duo.


574 607:areatalk03_241

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Kanade, you're enrolled in a correspondence school, right? Does that mean you never physically go to school?
Kanade: Like hybrid schooling?
Mafuyu: Hybrid schooling?
Kanade: It's sometimes just called classroom instruction. I guess some programs have in-person lessons at a school or a conference room.
Mafuyu: From the sound of it, I take it you've never done it.
Kanade: Nope. I made sure to pick a school where everything can be done online.
Ena: So you really never leave the house unless you need to? I can't decide if I'm jealous or if I'd go stir crazy...


575 608:areatalk03_247

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Kanade: Huh? Miku's not here.
Mafuyu: I noticed that too. Maybe she's taking a walk.
Ena: A walk? In a place with nothing to see?
Mafuyu: She'll sometimes disappear when I'm working on a song and start feeling like I want to be left alone.
Mafuyu: One time when I asked her where she went, she said, Nowhere. I just went for a walk.
Kanade: A walk, huh? Maybe I should give that a try the next time I get stuck on something.


576 609:areatalk03_248

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, I've been wondering. How far does this SEKAI go?
Ena: I don't know. If you really want to know, why don't you see if you can find the edge?
Kanade: I already tried doing that once. I don't recommend it.
Kanade: There aren't any landmarks to get your bearing. It's really easy to forget which direction you came from, and then you can't get back.
Kanade: If it wasn't for the Untitled song, I probably would have gotten lost forever.
Ena: Seriously?! That's kind of terrifying...
Mizuki: I bet we'd be able to do it if we had something like Ariadne's thread.
Ena: What's that?
Mizuki: Oh, I just meant we could lay down string to mark the path we take.
Mizuki: It might be fun to go on a little adventure. Maybe I'll give it a try one of these days.


577 610:areatalk03_249

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Ahh... This SEKAI is so quiet and relaxing.
Kanade & Mafuyu: .....
Mizuki: It's perfect for contemplation and working on creative projects, don't you think?
Kanade & Mafuyu: .....
Mizuki: Hey! You could at least say something!
Kanade: Oh, sorry. I didn't hear you. I was thinking about this song I'm composing.
Mafuyu: I'm sorry as well.
Mizuki: No, that's all right. Don't worry about it. You two must have been really focused on your work.
Mizuki: That just means this place really is perfect for getting work done. Maybe I should try bringing something I can work on too.


578 611:areatalk03_251

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): .....
Ena: Miku, you've been staring at the ground for a while. What's wrong?
Miku (N25): This line. It's cut.
Ena: Line? Oh, you mean this one here that looks like it's part of some pattern?
Kanade: I guess it does sort of look like it should keep going. Do you think you could redraw it, Ena?
Ena: I could try, but without being able to get a better view from overhead, I'm not sure if the balance would be right.
Miku (N25): An overhead view? If you need to climb up high, you could use one of those.
Kanade: Oh, is that what those steel girders are for?
Ena: Um... Somehow I doubt that, Kanade.


579 612:areatalk03_252

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Mizuki: This place always feels a bit dark.
Miku (N25): Are you afraid?
Mizuki: No, it's not scary. It just feels dark, is all.
Miku (N25): That's good.
Kanade: It doesn't seem dark to me.
Kanade: It's about the same as my room while I work. If anything, I'd say it's a little brighter here.
Mizuki: Exactly how dark do you keep your room?
Mizuki: You should probably turn the lights up a little or you're going to damage your eyes.


580 613:areatalk03_253

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): What sort of song are you working on?
Kanade: I'm working on two. One's a ballad and the other is really heavy on the guitar.
Miku (N25): You're writing two songs at the same time?
Kanade: Yeah. I'm still not sure if the one with the guitar is quite right for the kind of music we make, but I wanted to get it done while the idea was still fresh in my mind.
Kanade: Once I'm done with that, I'll get back to the ballad the others are working on.
Mafuyu: Always hard at work on the next song, aren't you?
Miku (N25): Kanade... Are you sure you're not working too hard?
Kanade: I'm all right, Miku. This is just the type of person I am.


581 614:areatalk03_254

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): Ena...
Ena: Oh, you remembered my name.
Miku (N25): I did. You're Ena...and Kanade.
Kanade: Yeah.
Ena: It's strange. All she did was say our names, but that makes me feel kinda happy for some reason.
Kanade: Me too. Strange, isn't it?


582 615:areatalk03_255

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): Do you sing as well, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Of course I sing♪
Mizuki: In fact, I'm pretty sure I'm supposed to be the lead singer for the song we're working on. Right, Kanade?
Kanade: Yeah.
Mizuki: What made you decide on me, though?
Kanade: There's a quality to your voice that the rest of us aren't able to match. I thought it would be perfect for this next song.
Mizuki: Huh... A quality that none of you can match, huh?
Miku (N25): Is something wrong?
Mizuki: No, it's nothing. I was just thinking that Kanade really is more perceptive than I thought.


583 616:areatalk03_263

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: Mafuyu, how are the lyrics coming for the latest song?
Mafuyu: I'd say I'm about halfway done. Do you want to see them?
Mizuki: Oh, I wanna see!
Ena: Yikes. These stab you just as hard as your others.
Mizuki: Hahaha. You know you love songs like this.
Ena: I don't know if I'd say that. Here, you can have these back.
Ena: Anyway, I'm feeling really good about my illustration this time, so make sure your lyrics are good enough to match.
Mafuyu: Oh, I know what this is. It's that tsundere attitude, right?
Ena: What?! You don't know what you're talking about! I'm getting back to work!


584 617:areatalk03_265

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Mafuyu: Miku, what were you doing today?
Miku (N25): I was singing some of the songs you and the others wrote.
Mafuyu: I see. Was that fun?
Miku (N25): Yeah.
Kanade: Well that's good.
Kanade: (This place is kind of soothing, but I bet it would still get lonely after a while.)


585 619:areatalk03_268

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Kanade: There you are, Mafuyu. You were with Miku?
Miku (N25): Yeah. We were just talking.
Kanade: What were you talking about?
Mafuyu: We were discussing names for colors. Rust, verdigris, rouge, tawny...
Kanade: Ah, the more old-fashioned names. You use a lot of those in your lyrics, don't you?
Mafuyu: Yes. It seems obvious, but Miku has a real interest in that sort of thing.
Miku (N25): I enjoy talking about lyrics.
Mafuyu: It's nearly 25:00, though. We'll have to continue this tomorrow.
Miku (N25): Okay. I'm looking forward to it.


586 620:areatalk03_269

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Mafuyu: Did you bring them, Ena?
Ena: Yeah, I got ‘em. Here's a set of color swatches.
Miku (N25): There are so many colors... What is this?
Mafuyu: These are the color swatches I mentioned before. They're used to help visualize subtle differences between colors.
Ena: Oh, you wanted to show them to Miku? If you'd said something, I could have brought more of them.
Mafuyu: You're not very good at picking up on these things, are you?
Ena: Excuse me? Try saying that again!
Mafuyu: You're not very good at picking up on these things, are you?
Ena: I didn't mean that literally!


587 621:areatalk03_270

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): Mafuyu... You seem happier recently.
Mafuyu: Why do you say that?
Miku (N25): I'm not sure. I just feel that way.
Mizuki: I've noticed too. There are times when it's almost like you're having an easier time breathing than you used to.
Mafuyu: An easier time breathing?
Mafuyu: I see. Is that how I seem from the outside?
Mizuki: To me, at least. Hopefully you'll start feeling that way yourself, too.
Miku (N25): Yes. I hope you do too.
Mafuyu: Miku... I suppose that would be nice.


588 622:areatalk03_274

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: I'm completely out of ideas. I need to listen to something to get my mind off this for a little while. Any recommendations?
Mafuyu: I don't know what to tell you...
Ena: I'm aware of that. I was asking Kanade.
Kanade: If you need a distraction, you could try watching that game playthrough video Mizuki linked in the chat the other day.
Ena: You actually watched that, Kanade?
Kanade: Yeah. The production and the commentary are all really well done. I ended up watching all of it.
Kanade: I think you might even enjoy it, Mafuyu.
Ena: Whoa! The quality is way better than I was expecting!
Mafuyu: Huh. Maybe I'll give it a watch as well.


589 623:areatalk03_278

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: I'm having artist's block...
Mizuki: Hey, what do you guys do when you're having a hard time coming up with ideas?
Ena: There's no point forcing it, so I usually take a break and go outside or something.
Mizuki: I always get behind, though. I really need a trick I can use to find inspiration on the spot.
Mizuki: What about you, Mafuyu? Do you have any ideas?
Mafuyu: How about telling yourself that if you don't finish what you're doing within the next hour, somebody will kill you.
Mizuki: That's terrifying! I don't really think that would work for coming up with—
Mafuyu: What's wrong, Mizuki? You've stopped.
Mizuki: I-I'm gonna get back to work...
Ena: M-Me too, actually.


590 624:areatalk03_280

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Ena: Phew... That was heavy...
Miku (N25): Ena, what's in the large bag?
Ena: These are all the paintings I've made. Mafuyu asked if she could look at them for inspiration for her lyrics.
Miku (N25): You did all these? Wow...
Mafuyu: These two have a slightly different feel to them.
Ena: I made some of these a long time ago. There were a few I didn't really want anyone to see, either.
Ena: I resisted the urge to take them out, though, so you'd better make sure to write some amazing lyrics.
Mafuyu: I'll try...
Miku (N25): I can't wait to see what she comes up with.
Ena: I guess I can admit I'm not completely uninterested either.


591 625:areatalk03_282

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): Kanade, Ena, you came.
Kanade: We finished our latest song. Here.
Miku (N25): This is a CD...
Ena: It's specially made just for you, Miku. I even made a special cover for it.
Miku (N25): Can I listen to it?
Kanade: Of course. We'd be interested to hear what you think.
Kanade: We'll make sure to bring Mafuyu and Mizuki next time. Maybe we can all sing together like we did before.
Miku (N25): Okay! I'm looking forward to it.


592 626:areatalk03_283

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): ——♪ ——♪
Miku (N25): Oh. Hi, Mafuyu. Ena.
Ena: Sorry. We didn't mean to interrupt your singing.
Miku (N25): That's all right. I'm always happy to have a chat.
Mafuyu: .....
Mafuyu: Miku. Do you think we could hear you sing the rest of that song first?
Ena: Actually, I'd like to hear it too. We can talk after that.
Miku (N25): Thank you, Mafuyu. Ena. Of course I can sing the rest.


593 627:areatalk03_284

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Ena: I just can't seem to focus for very long recently. I can't figure out why.
Mizuki: Why? That's easy. You never get enough sleep.
Miku (N25): Are you having trouble sleeping?
Mizuki: No, no. She's just lazy and stays up late.
Ena: I'm doing work!
Ena: You're probably right about the lack of sleep, though. For now, I need to at least find some music to help me concentrate.
Miku (N25): Wouldn't it be more helpful to go home and get some rest?
Mizuki: You would think. I guess she just prioritizes working.


594 628:areatalk03_285

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Ena: What's with the triangular things stuck in the ground all over the place? What are they, exactly?
Miku (N25): Those are also Mafuyu's feelings.
Ena: What does that even mean...?
Kanade: They feel so cold to the touch.
Kanade: (These are Mafuyu's feelings? Does that mean her heart is as cold as these feel?)
Miku (N25): It's all right...
Kanade: .....!
Miku (N25): I'm sure both your feelings will reach her.
Kanade: Miku... Yeah, you're right. I'm sure they will.


595 629:areatalk03_289

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Kanade: So as for the next section...
Kanade: Go ahead and work on the parts I mentioned in the comments I sent you.
Mizuki: We can do that, but Kanade... Your stomach is growling.
Kanade: I don't think—
Mafuyu: Kanade, you need to eat even when you're here.
Kanade: I see. I thought maybe I'd be able to just keep working without having to eat or sleep if I stayed here.
Mizuki: You'd abandon your humanity if it meant you could work on your music without needing to take a break...


596 630:areatalk03_291

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Kanade: All right, I'm going to head back to my room and—guh!
Mizuki: Whoa! Kanade, are you all right?! You look like you stood up too fast.
Kanade: No, I just stepped on my hair. It happens sometimes when I sit on the ground.
Ena: Oh, I guess your hair is pretty long. You don't tie it up, either.
Mizuki: Yeah. Why don't you put it up or cut some of it off?
Kanade: Too much effort.
Mizuki: I knew you were gonna say that.


597 631:areatalk03_292

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: I'm starting to get a little hungry.
Kanade: Why don't you head back and get some food?
Mizuki: I was going to, but... Is there some kind of rule against bringing food or drinks here?
Mafuyu: I don't know. I've never thought about it.
Kanade: Me neither.
Kanade: I don't think I really want this place smelling like instant noodles or french fries, though.
Mizuki: Yikes. Yeah, you're right. I'll make sure to eat at home before I come back.


598 632:areatalk03_293

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, Mafuyu. How have things been?
Mafuyu: If you mean the lyrics, they're coming along.
Mizuki: Oh, don't play dumb. You know I was asking how you've been feeling lately.
Mafuyu: I'm not sure.
Ena: That means you're not sure how you've been feeling, right? Not that you don't understand the question?
Mafuyu: Yeah.
Ena: I see. Well at least communication is getting a little easier with you.
Mizuki: That may be, but I wish she'd try a little harder to make more sense when she talks.


599 633:areatalk03_295

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): Kanade, you four really didn't know each other before?
Kanade: No, we didn't. We talked over voice chat and only ever used our usernames. We didn't know each other's faces or real names.
Mizuki: Thinking about it now, we probably should have done some video chats or something.
Kanade: You think so? I feel like we'd just end up switching to another window to get work done and never look at each other's faces anyway.
Mizuki: Oh, you're probably right.
Miku (N25): Now you all know about each other, though. Is that...a bad thing?
Kanade: No, not at all. I'm glad I got to meet Mafuyu and the others in person.
Mizuki: Yeah, and actually meeting in the real world means Kanade is getting out of the house more often.
Miku (N25): I see. That's good, I suppose.


600 634:areatalk03_297

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Mizuki: Phew... I'm so tired. Miku, do you mind if we stay here for a bit and take a break?
Miku (N25): That's fine. Why are you two so tired, though?
Mizuki: Well, we decided to try making the video for our next song using stop motion.
Ena: It's taking way more time and effort than we thought it would. We're really regretting our decision.
Miku (N25): Are you going to stop, then?
Ena: No way! If we stop now, all of our work will have been for nothing! There's no way I'm giving up!
Mizuki: As you can see, Ena's getting rather enthusiastic. I'm not a big fan on abandoning something I started either, though.
Miku (N25): I see. Well I hope you finish soon. You're welcome to rest here any time.
Mizuki: Thanks! We'll show you as soon as we're done.


601 635:areatalk03_298

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Kanade: Hey, did we ever show Miku the video that we're working on?
Mizuki: I know she listened to the song, but I'm not sure about the video.
Miku (N25): I don't think I have. May I see it?
Kanade: Sure. Ena's illustrations are really good and Mizuki's been putting in a lot of work too.
Mizuki: You're going to make me blush saying that right in front of me like that.
Mizuki: Anyway, I can show you on my phone if you're okay with the small screen.
Miku (N25): Okay. I can't wait.


602 636:areatalk03_299

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Mizuki: Hey, Mafuyu, do you have any kind of routine you do to help focus before you start working?
Mafuyu: Um...
Mafuyu: There are certain movements you perform in archery before shooting an arrow, but...
Miku (N25): A routine is something you always do, right?
Mizuki: Yeah, something like that.
Miku (N25): If that's the case, perhaps Mafuyu's routine is coming here.
Mafuyu: Now that you mention it, I suppose I did usually come here to see you before I met with everyone online at 25:00.
Mizuki: (I thought she came here to be alone, but she just said it was to see Miku.)
Mizuki: (I think Mafuyu is starting to change a little.)


603 637:areatalk03_300

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Ena: Miku, are you always by yourself when we're not around?
Miku (N25): Yeah...
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. I've brought you a little present to help pass the time when you're bored♪
Miku (N25): A coloring book?
Mizuki: Yep! And when you're done coloring all of those, I'll turn them into materials and make a video out of them for you!
Ena: Hey, that actually sounds kinda cool.
Mizuki: What are you getting excited for? You've got your own work to do.
Ena: It's not like I never take breaks. Besides, doing a little collaboration with Miku sounds fun. Don't you agree, Miku?
Miku (N25): Well... I doubt I can do this on my own, but maybe I could if Ena were helping me.
Ena: That settles it, then. Let's color it in together and surprise Mizuki with our skills.


604 638:areatalk03_137

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Hey, have you seen a dachshund around here?
Akito: Huh? Isn't that...a kind of dog?
An: Yeah. One of the dogs in the neighborhood got loose.
An: The school's worried it could bite a student, so the entire hall monitor committee is out looking. If you're not busy, you should give us a hand.
Toya: I don't mind helping, but there's no way Akito can.
Akito: Hey! Toya, shut it!
An: Oh, do you have plans?
Akito: U-Uh, yeah. Something like that. Sorry, I've gotta go.


605 639:areatalk03_140

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

An: Oh, hey. The basketball team asked me to sub today, so I'll be late to practice. Can you two help Kohane until then?
Toya: Oh, you too?
An: Huh? What do you mean me too?
Akito: The soccer team is short a player for their practice match, so they asked me if I could play.
An: I see. I guess that leaves you, Toya. I'll send Kohane a message to let her know we'll be late.
Toya: Got it. I'll find something the two of us can work on until you get there.


606 640:areatalk03_153

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: It always feels weird to imagine you as a hall monitor.
An: I thought so too at first, so I turned them down, but my friend from middle school kept bugging me to join.
Akito: You sure got dragged into a mess. I can't imagine having to deal with those two second year weirdos every day.
An: Oh, I know. Whenever something happens, it's almost always those two.
Toya: I didn't realize we had a senpai who caused so many problems.
Akito: One of them is your friend, you know.
Toya: Hm? The only friend I can think of in second year is a senpai I really look up to.
Akito: (Yeah, it's the same guy.)


607 641:areatalk03_167

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: The greening committee takes care of that planter box over there, right? Isn't that second year student on the committee?
An: Which one are you talking about?
Akito: The one who makes all that weird stuff.
Toya: Do you mean Kamishiro?
Akito: Yeah. One of the guys on the baseball team wasn't paying attention and really messed up the planter box.
Akito: Ever since then, he's been complaining that random bad stuff keeps happening to him.
Toya: And you think Kamishiro is the one responsible?
Akito: No way. I think the guy is just paranoid.
An: Yeah, you're probably right. Kamishiro doesn't really seem like the type to take an interest in other people.


608 642:areatalk03_212

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Oh, hello, Emu. Back for another visit?
Emu: Yeah! I came to hang out!
Nene: You make it sound like you're visiting a friend's house. You're going to get in trouble if a teacher sees you.
Emu: But I'm just visiting my friends.
Nene: That's my mistake... I should have known common sense wouldn't work with you.
Rui: Come now, Nene. It's just one person. I'm sure you can find it in your heart to forgive her this time.
Emu: Nene...
Nene: I'm just pointing out the facts. Why are you both making it sound like I'm the bad guy?


609 643:areatalk03_216

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Sorry for interrupting Tsukasa, but I'd like to do a quick test. Would you get up on stage and do your opening introduction for me?
Tsukasa: This is a bit sudden...
Tsukasa: However, true stars such as myself do not turn down such requests. I would be happy to assist.
Tsukasa: Tsukasa, meaning to govern! Tenma, representing the majestic Pegasus who soars in the skies above! Ladies and gentlemen, I am Tsukasa Tenma!
Rui: Thank you, Tsukasa! How was that, Nene? Do those new noise-canceling headphones work?
Nene: They're perfect. Even with him shouting, I didn't hear a thing.
Tsukasa: Hold on! You were testing headphones?!
Nene: Wow, I can see that he's talking, but I can't hear a word.
Tsukasa: Nene, why you! You can't just stick headphones on whenever I start—hey, I said stop that!


610 644:areatalk03_228

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Nene, you're in Class B, aren't you? So you're in the same class as Toya, then.
Nene: Toya? Oh, you mean the guy on the library committee?
Rui: Did you know he actually looks up to Tsukasa quite a bit?
Nene: What? Why?
Tsukasa: Hmph. I'll have you know that I've helped him get through a number of tough situations.
Nene: Oh, you mean by providing a prime example of things he shouldn't do?
Rui: I was just thinking that too.
Tsukasa: No, I am not a bad example!
Tsukasa: You jerks. One of these days you will come to realize just how valuable of an asset I truly am!


611 645:areatalk03_229

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: We'll head to Phoenix Wonderland as soon as Nene arrives.
Emu: Okay! I can't wait for today's rehearsal♪
Tsukasa: You say that so casually for someone who keeps sneaking in here from a different school!
Emu: Oh, come on Tsukasa. I've been here so many times that I thought you'd be over that by now.
Tsukasa: Coming more often doesn't make it better! If a teacher catches you...
Rui: Don't worry. If that happens, we have you to act as a decoy while I help her escape.
Tsukasa: Can you two at least save your reckless behavior for the stage?!


612 646:areatalk03_231

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: .....
Rui: Oh? You seem in a good mood today.
Nene: I went down to the school shop earlier and they had grapefruit jelly.
Tsukasa: Grapefruit?
Rui: It's Nene's favorite. Apparently she really likes its peculiar bitter flavor.
Tsukasa: Huh. You're a little strange.
Nene: Maybe, but I definitely don't appreciate being told so by you of all people.
Tsukasa: What's that mean?!
Rui: I believe she is referring to the fact that you are a strange individual.
Tsukasa: You're the last person I want to hear that from!


613 647:areatalk03_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: Hey, I made my own lunch today! You want to trade side dishes?
Honami: Sure.
Ichika: Sorry, Saki. I can't really trade this...
Saki: Again with the yakisoba buns?! You really like those things, don't you?
Saki: That's too bad. I was really hoping to trade something with everyone...
Honami: Don't worry. There'll be plenty more chances to.
Ichika: Yeah. Next time, I'll bring a homemade lunch too.
Saki: You promise? Oh, I can't wait to see what kind of lunch you make!


614 648:areatalk03_005

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Shiho, what's with all the snacks?
Shiho: I told my sister we were going to Saki's to study, then she ran off and came back with all this for me.
Honami: Oh, I saw Shizuku at the school store earlier. She must have been buying all this for us.
Ichika: We'll have to let Saki know. She really likes these kinds of snacks.
Shiho: I think I mentioned that to my sister a while back. She must have remembered.
Honami: Probably. Shizuku is always thinking about you and your friends.
Ichika: We'll have to say thank you the next time we see her.


615 649:areatalk03_006

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Ichi! Shiho! Want to stop somewhere with me after school?
Ichika: That's fine with me.
Shiho: Are you ready for tomorrow's practice? Last time, you said you still didn't feel like you were ready to perform a complete run-through.
Saki: Ngh... No, but...there's a cute little store that's supposed to open today...
Saki: If I don't go, I'm not going to be able to focus during practice! What if we just go for a minute?! A quick peek!
Shiho: Fine, but only for a minute...
Saki: Thanks, Shiho! I promise to work extra hard afterward!
Shiho: Just practice like you normally do. There's no need for you to always overdo it.
Ichika: (Shiho always seems to go a little easy on Saki.)


616 650:areatalk03_019

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: What are you watching, Hona?
Honami: It's a video from when I gave Shibao his new ball.
Saki: Oh, he's so cute! And look at that tail go! Hahaha, he looks so happy!
Ichika: He sure does. Oh...
Honami: <All right, Shibao! Go get it! That's the way! Such a good boy!>
Ichika: You look like you're having a lot of fun, too.
Saki: You can really see how much you care about him.
Honami: Hahaha. Hearing yourself actually say that stuff out loud is a little embarrassing...


617 651:areatalk03_021

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: What are you reading, Saki? Another fashion magazine?
Saki: No, I borrowed this from Shiho.
Shiho: It's a music magazine featuring artists from around the country. The articles are actually really interesting.
Ichika: Oh yeah? Now I'm curious.
Saki: Let's all read it together, then! Here, Shiho can sit in the middle since it's hers!
Ichika: That works. There's plenty of room next to Shiho here. I'll just—
Shiho: Who are you, my sister? You can read without having to sit so close, you know!


618 652:areatalk03_023

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Ugh... I can't believe we had another pop quiz today...
Honami: Oh, did your class have a math quiz too?
Saki: You mean you had one as well?! What about your class, Shiho?
Shiho: Yeah. That teacher really likes giving pop quizzes.
Saki: Right?! I bet we could figure out the pattern for when they give all these tests!
Honami: Or you could just study properly and be ready for them.
Shiho: Let her have her fun. She'll learn eventually.


619 653:areatalk03_024

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Now we're just waiting for Honami.
Shiho: Oh, that reminds me. I ran into her yesterday on my way home from work. She was walking her dog.
Saki: Oh, really?! How's Shibao doing?
Shiho: Same as usual. I always forget how fluffy he is.
Saki: Oh, you're so lucky. I haven't had the chance to pet him in forever!
Ichika: Me, either. Maybe we should ask Honami if we can visit when she gets here.
Saki: I like that idea!


620 654:areatalk03_034

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: Sigh... What can I do to get better at illustrating?
Saki: But your clothing designs are always so good.
Ichika: Hm... You could try using more sketch lines like when you draw designs. Or maybe you could try illustrating things that you can use a ruler for.
Saki: That's it! Let's try it, Hona. I bet we could draw that building over there really well with a ruler!
Honami: I-I suppose...
Honami: (Is that really considered illustrating, though?)


621 655:areatalk03_035

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hey, did you know there are certain nights where the moon looks extra big?
Shiho: I think I saw a bunch of people talking about that on social media recently.
Honami: Hehe. It's called a super moon. There are also blood moons and blue moons.
Saki: Whoa. I guess I should have expected the star-lover to know all the technical names.
Shiho: The moon isn't a star, you know.
Saki: Oh, you know what I meant. Are there other types of moons?
Honami: Yeah. Actually, why don't we look them up online. I bet we can find some really pretty videos.


622 656:areatalk03_036

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Honami: It just wouldn't stop raining last week.
Ichika: Yeah, I didn't even feel like leaving the house. I just stayed in my room practicing guitar and taking care of my cactus.
Shiho: Oh, that's right. I forgot you had a cactus.
Honami: Speaking of taking care of things, weren't you playing that digital pet game, Shiho?
Shiho: Yeah. What about you? Don't you and your mom have a little home garden?
Honami: Yeah. Hehe. I guess that's something we have in common.
Ichika: If Saki heard you say that, she'd probably insist on raising something as well.


623 657:areatalk03_049

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Oh, hi, Shiho.
Saki: Shiho, your sister was looking for you.
Shiho: Crap... Again?
Shiho: She kept trying to get me to eat lunch with her yesterday.
Ichika: That's understandable. She was saying she's been so busy with her idol jobs lately that you two haven't had much time to chat.
Saki: She seemed really eager to talk to you when we saw her.
Shiho: Fine... I guess there's no use running from it. I'll have lunch with her the next time I see her.


624 658:areatalk03_050

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Honami: Shiho, I was thinking we should all go to see a rock band one of these days. What do you think?
Shiho: Huh? Where'd this come from all of a sudden?
Saki: Minori told me you two went to a rock concert with another friend a while back!
Honami: And Ichika was saying that the four of us should go.
Shiho: Ichika suggested it? That's new...
Shiho: Sure, if you want. It will probably make for a useful musical experience as well.
Saki: Great, let's do it! I'll go tell Ichika!


625 659:areatalk03_051

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Ichika: Shiho, how confident are you in your calligraphy these days?
Shiho: Hm? Well, I guess I'd say I'm better than your average person. Why?
Honami: Saki was saying we should ask you to make us a cool logo for Leo/need.
Shiho: Huh? That might look nice for a band that uses traditional instruments, but I doubt it'd work for us. Especially with our name.
Honami: You think so too?
Ichika: I suppose we'll have to convince Saki to give up on the idea.


626 660:areatalk03_065

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, you brought your own lunch today, Minori?
Minori: Yep! I'm trying to save up for a CD I really want.
Minori: Hehehe. But since I made it myself, I ended up filling it with all my favorites!
Shizuku: A lunch filled with your favorites? That sounds nice. Perhaps I should try making some udon to bring for lunch.
Airi: Spaghetti is usually the go-to pasta dish for lunches. But I guess if you really want udon, then go for it.
Shizuku: I think I will! Oh, but if I make a lunch, I should probably make one for Shii as well.
Minori: Oh, good idea! I bet Shiho would love that.
Airi: Don't just go putting udon in your sister's lunch, though. Just because you really like it doesn't mean she does.
Shizuku: Oh...
Airi: That's exactly what you were going to do, isn't it?


627 661:areatalk03_080

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh? I don't see you with your nails done very often.
Haruka: Yeah. My mother is actually a nail stylist. She always tries out her latest designs on me first.
Haruka: She says the theme this time is a pink and gray gradient that's meant to not be obtrusive while at school.
Airi: (I bet Ena would love this sorta thing!)
Airi: Which nail salon does your mom work at? I know a friend who would love to go.
Haruka: Oh, I can send you a link to their website later.
Airi: Great, thanks!


628 662:areatalk03_081

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Haruka: You two are both club and committee members, aren't you?
Shizuku: Yes. I'm on the school cleanup committee and the archery team, though I don't attend the latter very often.
Minori: I'm not on any teams, but I am part of the animal caretaker committee.
Haruka: I thought about joining a team or a committee now that I'm able to attend school like a regular student.
Minori: It's great for meeting friends outside of your own class and getting to know the older students too!
Shizuku: That's true. I think it would be nice to take advantage of the opportunity to experience school life while you're here.
Haruka: Okay, I'm going to give it some more thought, then.


629 663:areatalk03_091

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Haruka: Airi, is that a daifuku? Where did you get it?
Airi: I saw it at the school store. I love Japanese sweets, so whenever I see them, I just can't help myself.
Airi: Aren't they so good?! Some even change with the seasons. Especially the kinds like neri-kiri! There are so many different colors and decorations!
Minori: Neri-kiri? I've never heard of those before.
Airi: Yeah, it's probably not a name you hear very often. I could explain what they are, but it'd be easier to try some. I can show you a really good shop!
Minori: Really? That sounds great!
Haruka: We'll have to invite Shizuku so we can all go together.


630 664:areatalk03_095

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: You know, for a junior student, I feel like you can be pretty casual around us sometimes.
Shizuku: Oh, that's right. You act so much older that I sometimes forget you're still a first year student.
Haruka: If my speech is not to your liking, I'd be only too happy to defer to you, Ms. Airi.
Airi: Now it just sounds like you're making fun of me for bringing it up.
Haruka: I would never do any such thing. I'm sure you're just imagining things.
Airi: Actually, forget I said anything. This just feels weird.
Shizuku: I agree. I think I would prefer it if you didn't change.


631 665:areatalk03_096

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Hey, Haruka tells me you have a sibling.
Minori: Yeah, I have a brother in elementary school.
Airi: Which makes you the eldest, huh?
Minori: Hahaha. I don't seem like it, do I? My friends tell me that all the time.
Shizuku: I don't think that's true. I'm the eldest too, you know.
Airi: Now I'm kinda sorry I brought it up...
Airi: I know you're trying to help, Shizuku, but I don't think you're quite getting it.


632 666:areatalk03_107

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Haruka, Airi, do you have a moment?
Airi: Hm? What's up?
Shizuku: It's about today's practice. I was thinking about going to archery club, so I might be a little late.
Airi: Oh, is that all? Don't worry about it. Go have fun.
Haruka: Yeah. We're most likely going to be practicing yesterday's routine, so we don't all need to be there.
Shizuku: Thanks, you two.
Shizuku: I'll see you after archery practice, then.


633 667:areatalk03_108

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Hey, look! I bought a snack at the student store and got an extra one as a freebie! It must be my lucky day!
Airi: What's that? Taste the fiery goodness?
Shizuku: Oh, my... That sounds quite spicy.
Minori: Huh? Now that you mention it, the packaging does look pretty red...
Shizuku: It looks mostly red to me...
Airi: I knew it. I figured you couldn't be that lucky.


634 668:areatalk03_110

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Archery looks so cool, but I hear it takes a lot of practice before you're even able to draw the bow.
Shizuku: Yes, there are quite a few people who find it difficult.
Haruka: How about you, Shizuku?
Shizuku: It did take some time, but working hard and improving a little every day is the sort of thing I enjoy doing.
Haruka: Hehe. You and Minori are both the type to keep plugging away at something, that's for sure.
Airi: Well, as long as you're having fun. Keeping up with club activities as well as idol lessons sounds really tough to me.
Shizuku: Thank you for worrying about me, Airi.
Shizuku: I'd like to take advantage of the opportunity to be part of a club as long as I'm in school.


635 669:areatalk03_111

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh...
Minori: Shizuku? What's the matter?
Shizuku: Listen carefully. You can hear the sound of birds chirping.
Minori: You're right! It sounds so pretty.
Airi: Oh, that's right. You really love small birds, huh?
Minori: Hey, doesn't Shiho have an app that lets you raise pets on your phone? I guess you and your sister both like animals.
Shizuku: Yes, we do! Someday, I hope we can raise some small birds and rabbits together.


636 670:areatalk03_186

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Hm... What to do, what to do...
Emu: Huh? What's wrong, Tsukasa? You look so serious.
Rui: She's right. However, I have a feeling it's something quite bothersome, so perhaps it would be better to discuss our next show instead.
Tsukasa: Well, here's the thing! My sister has been back at school for a while now with no health problems, so I wanted to organize some sort of surprise celebration!
Rui: Oh, I guess we're talking about it, then.
Tsukasa: Only because you two would ignore me otherwise. Anyway, I'm in need of ideas!
Tsukasa: In return for me always assisting you two, I'm enlisting your cooperation in throwing her a surprise party.
Rui: Hehe. If the goal is to bring a smile to someone's face, I see no reason to refuse.
Rui: Wouldn't you agree, Emu?
Emu: Of course! We'll come up with something so great your sister won't know what hit her♪


637 671:areatalk03_198

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: One, two, and down...
Tsukasa: Phew, this new speaker weighs a ton. Didn't they have anything more compact?
Rui: When I told the mascots what I needed, this is what was delivered. I'm sure that means this was the best option.
Tsukasa: Speaking of, where are the mascots anyway?
Tsukasa: They're all adults in those things, right? Wouldn't this go quicker if they helped us?
Emu: What are you talking about, Tsukasa? It's too dangerous to ask the mascots to move such large equipment.
Rui: She's right. What if they were to trip? Just imagine the terrible image of one of their heads popping off and rolling away.
Tsukasa: Well, I guess you have a point. We could have at least had the supplier deliver it closer to the stage, though...
Emu: Tsukasa, all you do is complain.
Rui: Honestly. And to think you call yourself a troupe leader. It's embarrassing.
Tsukasa: All right, fine! Let's just finish moving this already!


638 672:areatalk03_201

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: I think it may be time to do some maintenance on the path leading to the Wonder Stage.
Emu: We already picked all the weeds that had taken over. What else is there to do?
Rui: Pulling out all those weeds did quite a number on the path.
Tsukasa: Yeah, a lot of them had really stubborn roots. Pulling them out left some big holes.
Rui: And uneven paths aren't exactly children and wheelchair friendly. I'd like to remedy that.
Emu: That makes sense! We should pound it flat, then!
Tsukasa: Don't tell me we're going to have to re-surface the entire thing ourselves!
Emu: Pound♪ Pound♪ Pound♪
Tsukasa: Are you even listening?!
Rui: Calm down. We should discuss it with the mascots first.


639 673:areatalk03_233

[Theme Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Rui, why haven't you been doing performances here lately?
Rui: If you wish for me to resume, I would be delighted to.
Nene: Didn't you say the security guards were keeping an eye out for you after doing so many guerilla gigs?
Rui: Hehe. Actually, escaping from the security guards was simply another part of the performance.
Emu: Wow! Really?!
Nene: Somehow I doubt the security guards were aware of that. I bet you were just using them as pawns to add excitement to your shows.
Rui: You make it sound so disreputable.
Rui: I much prefer to think of it as improvisational theater born of the participating parties' desire to carry out their respective duties.


640 674:areatalk03_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: Hey, what do you say we stop at the diner and grab something to eat?
Ichika: Sure. I'm getting a little hungry myself.
Honami: Oh, this place just came out with a new kind of Salisbury steak.
Ichika: Isn't that one of your favorite foods, Shiho?
Shiho: Just to be clear, that's got nothing to do with why I suggested this place.
Ichika: Uh-huh, whatever you say.
Shiho: Seriously, that's not—Oh, forget it.


641 675:areatalk03_016

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: Hona, you always wear the cutest sneakers! Where do you buy them?
Honami: I'm pretty sure I got these ones at the shoe store down the road.
Ichika: Oh, the place we went the other day?
Saki: What?! When did you two go shoe shopping?
Ichika: We went last week. You had to work, remember?
Saki: Oh, that's right. No fair. I wanted to get some new shoes.
Honami: Hehe. You want to stop by and take a look, then? It's right there.
Saki: Really? Yaaay!


642 676:areatalk03_063

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Oh, that truck that just passed... Was the photo on the side that idol group that recently debuted?
Haruka: Yes, it must be an advertising truck. It was playing their music.
Minori: That reminds me. I always wanted to get a video of the ASRUN advertising truck back when Haruka was still in the group.
Minori: I used to look for sightings of it on social media to try and track it.
Shizuku: Hehe. I bet if you told past Minori that she'd be practicing to be an idol with Haruka one day, she'd be super surprised.
Minori: Oh my gosh, yeah! I bet my heart would stop!
Haruka: Your metaphors never sound like metaphors, but I bet if that happened, we'd freak out as well.


643 677:areatalk03_078

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: There sure are a lot of dessert shops around here.
Haruka: That shop is quite popular for its vanilla ice-cream. The crepe shop next to it has a special discount once a month.
Minori: Wow, you know a lot about them.
Haruka: I've done research on all the places I'd like to go. I still haven't had the chance yet, though.
Shizuku: Is that because you're always careful with what you eat?
Haruka: Yes. One of these days, I'm going to treat myself by trying a bunch of these shops.
Minori: Let's all come back together when you do!


644 678:areatalk03_094

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Hey, Haruka! Airi! Look! There's a kitten.
Airi: Oh, it's a cute little calico!
Haruka: Are you going to be all right, Airi? You're allergic to cats, aren't you?
Minori: Oh, that's right! Are you okay, Airi?!
Airi: I'm allergic, but I just end up with itchy eyes and a runny nose. Besides, we're not really close enough for it to affect me.
Minori: Oh, thank goodness.
Airi: Thanks for worrying about me so much, Minori! You too, Haruka!
Airi: Ha... Why do cats have to be so cute, though? It's so unfair that I can't pet them.


645 679:areatalk03_136

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

An: Now we just need Toya. Where did he say he was waiting for us?
Akito: He's at an arcade near the live house.
Kohane: Oh, that's right. Aoyagi mentioned he likes arcades.
An: Really? That's kinda surprising.
Akito: He says they help him relax. C'mon, let's go find him.


646 680:areatalk03_168

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: Wah! Aoyagi, where did you get that giant plushie?
Toya: Oh, I won this in one of the claw machines at the arcade.
Akito: Again? Man, you love those things. You're getting pretty good, too.
Kohane: Wow, you're good enough to win the big ones?
Toya: There's a trick to it. I bet you could do it, too.
Akito: You think so? She seems a bit too clumsy. Best not to give her false hope.
Toya: You never know until you try. What do you think, Azusawa?
Kohane: I want to try. Will you show me how to do it, Aoyagi?!


647 681:areatalk03_170

[Main Street]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Is it difficult working at the restaurant? Dealing with customers seems like it would be tough...
An: Not really. I usually end up just chatting with them most of the time.
Toya: What about you, Akito? Do you ever find it difficult dealing with customers?
Akito: I scored a job that I actually like doing, so I don't usually find it that hard.
An: He's pretty good at putting on a fake smile.
Akito: Excuse me? It's called customer service.
Toya: Well, you're still faking it, aren't you?


648 682:areatalk03_181

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: Tsukasa! Do a cool pose!
Tsukasa: My pleasure! Hehehe, it just so happens that I developed a brand new one just yesterday.
Nene: Wait, you developed a pose? That's what you do in your free time? That's a little weird...
Tsukasa: Hey! Stop looking at me as if I'm from another planet!
Emu: What? Tsukasa, are you an alien?! Is that pose how you communicate with your fellow aliens or something?!
Tsukasa: Why do conversations with you always have to get so out of hand?! I can't keep up with your ludicrous jokes!


649 683:areatalk03_196

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: One here... Oh, and we could put a big one over there!
Tsukasa: Hm? What are you looking at, Emu?
Nene: I think she's looking at the empty billboard spaces.
Emu: Hehehe. I was just thinking we should put up a bunch of posters to advertise the Wonder Stage!
Nene: Just the Wonder Stage? You don't want to advertise all of Phoenix Wonderland?
Emu: Yeah! And not just posters, either! I wanna use all the big TV screens above the intersection too♪
Nene: Are you planning on hijacking every surface in town?
Tsukasa: You know, the scary thing is the Otori financial group is actually capable of something like that.


650 684:areatalk03_211

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Emu: Nene, how are you so good at controlling Robo-Nene?!
Nene: I practice a lot. Besides, I'm used to using controllers from all the games I play.
Tsukasa: Oh, that's right. I always forget you're a gamer. Do you go to the arcades around here a lot?
Nene: I play at the arcade every once in a while. You want to try a fighting game with me?
Tsukasa: No, I'd rather get to the stage so I can start today's practice. I think I'll pass.
Nene: You're no fun. I was looking forward to destroying you.
Tsukasa: H-Hey! Even I play games every now and then, you know!
Emu: Oh! Oh! That sounds like fun! Let's all four of us have a game battle on our next day off☆


651 685:areatalk03_215

[Main Street]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: There they are! Nene! Rui! Look! This place is selling pajamas with a three-headed dog on them!
Nene: Wow... It's a bit distorted, but that's Cerberus all right.
Rui: Who would have guessed they'd have such strange pajama designs. This shop sure has an odd assortment of products.
Nene: Is there really a demand for this sort of thing?
Rui: Who knows. I think people who put on performances like we do might find these sorts of designs interesting, though.
Rui: Alright, Emu. Since we're here, let's see if we can't find some hidden gems! What do you say?!
Emu: Okaaay♪
Nene: You're getting even more into this than she is.


652 686:areatalk03_226

[Main Street]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Are you always doing performances around here, Rui?
Rui: Yeah. The crowds make it easier to draw an audience, though that also means security is rather strict. It requires careful planning if I'm to see my shows through to the end.
Tsukasa: Security? Please tell me you're not doing anything to disrupt the crowds.
Rui: Hehe. Fear not. See this tile here? Everything from it to the building is private property. As long as I make sure to remain on this side, they don't say anything.
Tsukasa: You mean they can't say anything.
Tsukasa: I'm imagining all the glares you get from the security guards as you somehow manage to avoid stepping over that invisible line...


653 687:areatalk03_244

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Yawn... I'm so tired...
Kanade: I'm...kinda tired too...
Mafuyu: Were you up late reading comments on our videos again?
Kanade: Yeah. It wasn't anything major, but I did change things up a little for the most recent song.
Ena: Some people were pretty surprised, but a lot of the comments were really positive.
Mafuyu: Is that so? That's good.
Kanade: Yeah...
Kanade: (I have to try a bunch of different things if I'm going to write a song that'll save Mafuyu.)
Ena: Let's head over to the usual diner. Mizuki's probably sick of waiting for us by now.


654 688:areatalk03_245

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, you two! Did you watch that late-night mecha anime last night?! The animation and the story are so good!
Ena: Why would you think Kanade or I would be interested in watching anime about robots?
Kanade: You mean Heavy Suit Duke Rollam?
Ena: What?! You're joking!
Mizuki: Yeah, that's the one! I figured you might be watching it!
Kanade: I've never seen it, so I thought I'd give it a try.
Kanade: I was so focused on the background music that I don't really remember what happened, though.
Mizuki: What?! But the first time watching it is the best! You really don't remember anything except the background music?!
Ena: That actually sounds exactly like Kanade...


655 689:areatalk03_259

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Where did you say you were going today? A concert for some video game soundtrack?
Kanade: Yeah. I own the soundtrack, so I've been looking forward to hearing it performed live.
Mafuyu: I didn't realize you listened to video game music. Does Mizuki recommend songs to you?
Kanade: Sometimes, but I usually search for them on my own.
Kanade: With so many genres of games, there's a huge variety in the types of music they use.
Kanade: I've actually learned a lot from studying how games use different types of music to build their worlds.
Ena: Huh. So does that mean you play them yourself?
Kanade: No, I mostly watch playthrough videos online.
Mafuyu: You just watch them?
Kanade: I get so caught up in the music that I almost always end up getting killed right away. I just don't think I'm suited to play games.


656 690:areatalk03_272

[Main Street]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: It looks like there's more graffiti than last time. I feel bad for the shops that have to deal with it.
Ena: This looks more like graffiti art than simple vandalism.
Mafuyu: These days, the word graffiti is mostly used to refer to paintings done without permission, so it's essentially the same thing.
Ena: Yeah, but that's not the way I'm using it.
Mizuki: Either way, the people who do this in such public places are just doing it to get seen. They're all attention seekers.
Ena: Attention seekers, are they?
Mafuyu: What...?
Ena: Oh, nothing.


657 691:areatalk03_273

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, Ena. Isn't the shop where your little brother works around here somewhere?
Ena: No. I think it's on some fashion alley or something. I forget the name.
Mizuki: You don't even know where your own brother works? I kinda wanted to go check it out.
Kanade: And why would that be, exactly?
Mizuki: I dunno. Maybe—
Ena: Nothing good, I bet. C'mon, Kanade. Let's go!
Kanade: There she goes...
Mizuki: I wish she'd learn to listen before getting so upset.
Mizuki: (All I was going to do is talk about how she does such a great job drawing all the illustrations for our songs.)


658 692:areatalk03_275

[Main Street]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hm... I could have sworn it was this way.
Ena: I don't see that big sign anywhere, though. Maybe we were supposed to turn back there after all.
Mafuyu: I need to leave soon or I'll be late for club activities.
Mizuki: What?! This is supposed to be our day off! There's a whole shop full of sweets just waiting for us!
Mizuki: Well, if only someone hadn't slept in so late...
Ena: Hey, I was only 30 minutes late. You're the one who didn't bother to look up how to get there.
Mizuki: Yes I did! I'm just not great with maps...
Mafuyu: It's time. I need to get going.
Mizuki: Mafuyu, no! Which is more important, club activities or eating sweets with friends?
Mafuyu: Club activities.


659 693:areatalk03_276

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: Let's see, where are the latest photogenic shops?
Kanade: Do you put as much thought into your photo compositions as you do into the illustrations you make?
Mizuki: I doubt it. It doesn't take much thought when your face always takes up most of the frame.
Ena: Excuse me? I always put thought into my photos.
Ena: Shadows, angles, what's visible in the frame, what I want the viewer to focus on!
Mizuki: And yet you still slap a filter on it at the end.
Ena: That's simply another tool used to show one's skills!
Kanade: So... Are you going to answer my original question?


660 694:areatalk03_277

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: It doesn't feel like much of a celebration if we go to the same diner we always do.
Ena: What do you say we look for another place before Mizuki gets here?
Kanade: I'm fine with anywhere.
Mafuyu: Me too.
Ena: Come on, you two! We're supposed to be celebrating the upload of our latest song! At least try to act excited!


661 695:areatalk03_288

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hey, they've got a new flavor of french fries! I kinda want to try them.
Ena: I feel like you said the same thing the last time we went shopping.
Kanade: Do you try new flavors every time they come out?
Mizuki: Of course! I always make sure to try the combinations that sound weird, too! You never know when they're gonna be strangely good!
Mizuki: Who would have thought a bunch of french fries would help remind you that it's never good to have preconceived notions.
Kanade: Maybe I'll give this new flavor a try too, then.
Ena: I'll try them too. I'm starting to get a little hungry, anyway.
Mizuki: Time for a snack break, then! I hope the new flavor is a good one!


662 696:areatalk03_067

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Miku and Rin always look so dazzling up on stage.
Airi: They sure do. There's always something more we can learn from their singing and dancing, too.
Airi: So today, let's forget about practice and enjoy the show!
Haruka: Sounds to me like you just want to have fun.
Airi: What are you talking about? My entire life is centered around studying how to be an idol.
Minori: Yeah! C'mon Haruka, let's go!


663 697:areatalk03_068

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Huh?
Airi: What is it, Shizuku? You're gonna get left behind if you keep spacing out like that.
Shizuku: I was just wondering what that twinkling was off in the distance.
Minori: She's right! See it there? Oh, the color changed!
Minori: I bet those are glow sticks! I didn't realize there were more stages that far away.
Airi: Looks that way. It makes you wonder just how many stages there are in this SEKAI.


664 698:areatalk03_069

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Ah—ah—ah—
Haruka: Minori? What are you doing up on stage?
Shizuku: She said she wanted to see how far her voice would carry.
Minori: Hehehe. The stage is just so huge! I wanted to see how far I could throw my voice!
Minori: Can you two try going behind the stage to see if you can still hear me?!
Shizuku: Sure. Hehe. I remember feeling the same excitement when I first stood up on stage.
Haruka: Me too.
Haruka: (This is exactly the thing about her that helped us all.)


665 699:areatalk03_070

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Miku (MMJ): How has practice been going, Minori?
Minori: The schedule Airi made for me is super tough!
Minori: She says the idols on TV these days can do this much no problem, though, so I have to do my best!
Rin: Really? I'd be interested to see your routine! What about you, Miku?!
Miku (MMJ): Yeah! Do you mind if we practice with you, Minori?
Minori: Of course not! Let's see, first up is...


666 700:areatalk03_071

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: What are you doing, Minori?
Minori: I'm writing a journal.
Minori: I write every day about what happened at school or how practice is going.
Miku (MMJ): She's not kidding! Every page is a different day! Wow.
Rin: I feel like I would forget a day, then it would just snowball and I'd lose interest altogether.
Miku (MMJ): The same is true for practice, though. Minori is just really good at keeping up with whatever she's doing!


667 701:areatalk03_072

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (MMJ): Minori, did you ever go see one of Haruka's concerts when she was still an idol?
Minori: Of course! I was in her fan club, too!
Minori: My luck was never very good, though. Even when I did manage to get tickets, they were always really far back from the stage.
Haruka: Now we get to dance right next to each other.
Miku (MMJ): That's true. Ms. Minori! How does that make you feel?!
Minori: Eh?! D-Don't make me think about it!
Minori: Hrng... I can feel my face getting warm!


668 702:areatalk03_073

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kagamine Rin)

Haruka: I think it went...like this!
Rin: Oh, that's the dance I just did up on stage! You memorized it after only seeing it once?!
Haruka: It's easy to remember because it fits the song so well. I think Minori is better at imitating dance routines, though.
Minori: No, I have to watch a dance a few times before I can do it.
Rin: You really are amazing, Haruka. I can see why people considered you the top idol!
Minori: Yeah. I don't know if I'll ever be able to get to her level, but I'm going to try my best!


669 703:areatalk03_074

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Kagamine Rin)

Airi: Okay, let's split up and do some solo practice. Minori, make sure to keep those parts you have problems with in mind. Got it?
Minori: R-Right! Let's see, that would be...
Airi: .....
Rin: If you're that worried about her, why not practice together?
Airi: I can't... If I keep doing that, she's never going to learn.
Airi: Besides, I need to be able to master myself before I have the right to teach anybody else.
Rin: I see. Hehe. That's what's so cool about you, Airi!


670 704:areatalk03_075

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Shizuku: Ah—ah—ah—ah—ah— That sounds about right.
Rin: Are you two doing singing practice today?
Minori: Yep! You can't be an idol without singing!
Minori: Today we're working on our falsetto, right? I need to be able to switch back and forth more smoothly.
Rin: Really? Hey, do you mind if I stay and watch?
Shizuku: Of course not. We would welcome any feedback as well.


671 705:areatalk03_082

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Concerts require you to sing for two to three hours at a time, right?
Airi: Yeah. It's not an exaggeration to say they're a test of endurance.
Haruka: I understand that, but what are we doing here?
Airi: You and Shizuku always stand out too much when we jog near the school.
Haruka: Why don't we wear masks, then? That would also make breathing more difficult, which will boost the effectiveness of the workouts.
Airi: I guess that's true, but...
Minori: Haruka, sometimes you sound more like an athlete than an idol.


672 706:areatalk03_083

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Haruka: How far do you think the stages go in this SEKAI?
Airi: I'm not sure. There are stages as far as I can see.
Shizuku: How about we go for a jog and find out?
Haruka: Sounds good to me. Will you be all right, though?
Shizuku: I may not be as athletic as you, but I'm fairly confident in my stamina.
Airi: That's not what I meant. I'm worried you might get lost.


673 707:areatalk03_084

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Phew... I'm exhausted...
Shizuku: Good work, Minori. Shall we get started on our cooldown?
Minori: Sure! Hey, what is a cooldown for, anyway?
Haruka: After working out, your muscles and nerves are in an excited state. If you let them remain that way, they'll be extra sore the following day.
Haruka: It's similar to how you calm down when your emotions are high. The same thing needs to be done for your muscles.
Shizuku: That's our Haruka. So knowledgeable about the body.
Haruka: I really enjoy learning new things like that.
Haruka: Now then, I know you're probably tired, but let's do a proper cooldown.
Minori: Right!


674 708:areatalk03_085

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: I know Minori really looks up to you as an idol, Haruka, but is there anyone you look up to? What are they like?
Haruka: A long time ago, I was really bad at smiling, but there was one idol who taught me how.
Rin: Really?! I can't imagine you not being able to smile!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. That's because our Haruka is so good at giving people hope and making them smile.
Miku (MMJ): I bet whoever that person is would be thrilled to know you looked up to them so much.
Haruka: You think so? I hope you're right.


675 709:areatalk03_086

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Haruka, how are you not tired after dancing for so long?
Haruka: I think it's because of all the training I did playing basketball in elementary and junior high.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, you played basketball?
Miku (MMJ): I bet that means you're really good at sudden explosive movements, too.
Rin: Yeah, Haruka's agility is amazing. But she's also really precise at the same time.
Rin: I wonder if Miku and I should start playing basketball too.
Haruka: Hehe. I can teach you if you'd like.
Miku (MMJ): Really? In that case, we'll give it some serious thought.


676 710:areatalk03_087

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku)

Minori: The clover costumes we get to wear here are so cute, aren't they?!
Minori: Why clovers, though?
Haruka: I wondered the same thing, so I did some research.
Haruka: In the language of flowers, the clover means hope. It can also mean promise and love as well.
Minori: Wait... Miku, is that true?!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. It isn't just the songs, Minori. Even the costumes here were born from all four of your emotions.
Haruka: I thought that might be the case. We'll have to make sure to cherish our costumes just as much as our songs, then.
Minori: Yeah!


677 711:areatalk03_088

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kagamine Rin)

Minori: Rin, I noticed you don't just sing cute songs. You're really good at the more mature music too!
Haruka: Your smile changes a bit as well. Sometimes it's bright and innocent, but it can also be shy at times.
Haruka: Being able to alter your own aura like that shows you have great range as an idol. I'm a little jealous.
Rin: Y-You think so?
Rin: Oh, stop. You're going to make me blush.
Haruka: You even have a special charm when you're acting like a regular, embarrassed girl.
Minori: Yeah. You're always cute no matter what you're doing. I'm jealous, too.


678 712:areatalk03_089

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Kagamine Rin)

Airi: Shizuku and Minori sure have been acting suspicious lately.
Rin: What? Y-You think so?
Haruka: Yup. You wouldn't know anything, would you Rin? Perhaps something about just the two of them staying behind to practice in secret?
Rin: H-How did you know... I mean-!
Rin: I-I don't know anything! I promised Minori and Shizuku I wouldn't say!
Airi: What an obvious reaction. That was almost too easy...
Haruka: Agreed. I'd feel bad pressing her any further.


679 713:areatalk03_090

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: You have a lot of experience modeling, right, Shizuku? Do you come up with the poses on your own?
Shizuku: In my case, the cameraman would often give me directions.
Shizuku: Things like, give me a sad, over-the-shoulder look.
Rin: Oh, I see. What about you, Haruka? Did you have photo shoots like that?
Haruka: Yes, for things like magazines and CD covers. They were usually more particular about where I stood than my pose, though.
Haruka: Especially when I did cover shoots with the other ASRUN members. They always made sure the pictures never turned out too similar.
Rin: That sounds really interesting! I didn't realize there was so much to taking pictures. I'd love to hear more!


680 714:areatalk03_097

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Minori: Huh? Is the stage lighting different or is it just me?
Airi: Hm... Yeah, I think you're right. The lights were a little lower the last time we were here.
Haruka: Yeah, Miku says they change everything depending on the show even when they use the same stage.
Airi: I see. I should have guessed that meant they did stage production too. Miku and Rin are amazing.
Minori: Do you think they made any other changes and we just didn't notice?
Haruka: Maybe. Let's see if we can find any. It might be a good learning opportunity.


681 715:areatalk03_098

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Haruka: Hm? That little stage over there looks like the set from a music show I used to do.
Shizuku: You think so too? I was just thinking the same thing.
Airi: Me too. It's not all of them, but some of the stages I've seen feel really familiar.
Shizuku: I know what you mean. Whenever I see a stage that seems familiar, I get this warm rush of nostalgia.
Haruka: It's the same for me. Maybe it has something to do with this SEKAI place being connected to our feelings.
Airi: Yeah. I hope we get a chance to learn more about how that works one of these days.


682 716:areatalk03_099

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Airi, what kind of things do you pay attention to when studying other idols?
Airi: That's kind of a broad question.
Airi: But I guess when I watch concert videos, I like to keep an eye on how the crowd reacts.
Airi: Are they having fun? What kinds of things get them excited? That sort of thing.
Shizuku: That makes sense.
Airi: What are you chiming in for? You've done more shows than either of us.
Shizuku: To be honest, I'm not very confident in my ability to interact with the audience. I could use some tips.
Airi: All right, fine. I'll bring some DVDs for you two that I think make good reference material. You owe me.
Minori: Right! Thanks, Airi!


683 717:areatalk03_100

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Hey, Airi! What sort of things do idols do when they're still in training?
Airi: Well, at my agency, it was pretty much non-stop singing and dance practice.
Airi: We'd also shadow the more experienced idols and help out as assistants on shows and stuff.
Airi: Working behind the scenes gives you a really good chance to see first-hand what an idol's job consists of and how much work they have to put in.
Rin: I see. Sounds like good training to me!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Seeing things from a different point of view than you're used to can be kind of exciting.
Airi: Yeah. It was really tough, but I feel like the things I learned back then still help me today.


684 718:areatalk03_101

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Airi: No matter how often I see you two, you're always amazing. Everything is so perfect, from your outfits to your nails.
Rin: Well, of course! That's because it's our job to spread hope!
Rin: We have to be extra, super careful to always look our best!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. She got really upset this one time she got her costume caught and ripped it while on set.
Rin: Hey! Miku, you don't have to tell her that!


685 719:areatalk03_102

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Airi: Huh? Are you by yourself today, Miku?
Miku (MMJ): Yep. Rin is rehearsing for a solo show.
Shizuku: She's doing a solo show?
Airi: Oh, I guess you two aren't actually a group, are you? You both do solo work too.
Miku (MMJ): Yep! Hey, since you're here, how would you like to go watch her rehearse?
Miku (MMJ): I bet she'd really go all out if she knew you were both here!
Shizuku: Sure, that sounds fun. Thank you for letting us know, Miku.


686 720:areatalk03_103

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Airi: How's the prep for your solo show going?
Rin: Great!
Rin: I'm a little nervous about performing without Miku, though.
Shizuku: I've only ever been up on stage as part of a group, so it's hard for me to even imagine what it must be like.
Shizuku: Performing all by yourself on such a large stage sounds quite intimidating.
Airi: Yeah, but there's only one thing to do in this situation.
Airi: Instead of worrying about messing up, you have to think about how much you want to see everyone's smiling faces.
Rin: Hahaha! That's Airi and her positive thinking for you!
Airi: Well, yeah. A positive smile is always better than a worried one.
Shizuku: Hehe. I suppose that's true.


687 721:areatalk03_104

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Hey, Airi! I hear your teaching style is super strict!
Minori: Ah! Rin, what are you doing?!
Airi: Oh? So that's what you two talk about, is it?
Minori: N-No! I was just telling her that your lessons are rewarding because they're so challenging!
Airi: I see. Then I think I'll make tomorrow's lesson extra rewarding.
Minori: Wh-Wh-Wh-What?!
Rin: You're so lucky you get to practice together. Let me know how it goes next time, Minori!


688 722:areatalk03_105

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: One, two. Mic check. Sounds good♪
Haruka: Now we're just waiting for Minori, Shizuku, and Miku.
Airi: I'm glad Miku is with them.
Haruka: Yeah. At least we know they won't get lost.
Rin: (They say that, but they still look a little nervous. Hehe. They're both such worrywarts.)


689 723:areatalk03_115

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Miku (MMJ): Shizuku, you always look so comfortable dancing. It's so beautiful.
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you. My dance instructor would always tell me I wasn't expressive enough when we were learning new dances. So it makes me happy to hear that.
Miku (MMJ): I see... Oh, I wonder if you were already so good that she was finding more, more ways to push you even further.
Shizuku: Hm...?
Rin: Yeah, I bet that's it!
Rin: If I were a teacher and I saw dancing this good, I'd want to find more, more ways to push you further, too!
Shizuku: I've never thought of it that way before. I believe I like your theory. Thank you, Miku. Rin.


690 724:areatalk03_116

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Do you think there's a way to make this choreography look a little more grown-up?
Miku (MMJ): Hm... What do you think, Shizuku?
Shizuku: I think the overall feel is really nice. Perhaps you could try focusing more on the small details?
Shizuku: Take your hand movements, for example. When you want to seem more flexible and dignified, be sure to extend your fingers all the way, arching them back just a little.
Shizuku: Then when you want to express a softer elegance, bring your fingers together while relaxing them a bit.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, that's good! Thanks, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Don't mention it. I was simply repeating something my dance instructor told me once.
Miku (MMJ): It's still a great tip! Right, Rin?!
Rin: Yeah! I want to give it a try real quick. Will you watch me again, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes, of course.


691 725:areatalk03_117

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Airi & Shizuku: .....
Miku (MMJ): Hm? You two aren't fighting, are you?!
Shizuku: What? Fighting? Us?
Miku (MMJ): Yes, you both look kind of scary...
Airi: Oh, we're practicing our facial expressions while singing and we just finished a particularly difficult song.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I see. You had me worried for a moment.
Shizuku: Hehe. Thanks to Minori, we just recently managed to make up. I don't think we'll have an argument for a while yet.
Airi: Yeah. Hey, Miku. Now that you're here, would you like to join us?
Miku (MMJ): You don't mind? Sure, I'd love to!


692 726:areatalk03_118

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: ——♪ ——♪
Shizuku: Oh, you're practicing ballads today?
Airi: I don't hear you do those very often. You usually practice something with more power and energy.
Rin: We're performing that song in our next show. It has a super important role, too.
Shizuku: A role?
Rin: Hehe. Yeah! Its role...is to add balance to the show!
Airi: Ah, I get it.
Shizuku: If you only sing fast songs, the audience will wear out too quickly.
Rin: Yep. The goal for our next show is to give it more of a narrative structure! I can't wait to see how it turns out♪


693 727:areatalk03_119

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Minori: Rin, let's have another great practice today!
Rin: Yeah! Thanks for coming, Minori! Shizuku! Hehehe...
Minori: Hm? Rin?
Rin: Oh, sorry. I was thinking about your funny otter shirt and whether you were going to wear it today.
Shizuku: Hehe. That shirt is so cute, isn't it? It always makes me smile.
Minori: Really?! I'm glad. It's one of my favorites!
Minori: I feel like it helps me relax and stay calm!
Shizuku: Hehe. I think I know what you mean. Maybe I'll look for something similar the next time we go shopping.


694 728:areatalk03_120

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Hey, I was wondering. Have you decided on a group leader?
Shizuku: Oh, I suppose we haven't had that conversation yet.
Haruka: You're right. We're still trying to figure out exactly how everything is going to work moving forward.
Rin: I see. You may have found your true feelings, but I guess that's just the beginning, eh?
Shizuku: There's no need to worry, Rin. The four of us are going to give it our best.
Haruka: That's right. We won't let everything you and Miku have done for us go to waste.
Rin: Great! Miku and I promise to be right here cheering you on the whole way!


695 729:areatalk02_337

[Music Shop]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Were you able to find that CD you wanted?
Minori: Yeah, I actually reserved it. Hehehe. It even came with a giant poster! Look!
Shizuku: Oh, that's the one they had hanging up outside.
Shizuku: Hehe. Once you make your debut, there will be posters of you hanging up all over as well.
Minori: Hm... It's still a little hard to imagine. Hahaha. I have a feeling that's going to be pretty embarrassing.


696 730:areatalk02_338

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (Ln): How's the band going? Having fun?
Ichika: Yeah. I feel like the days just sort of all blended together before we started the band.
Ichika: Now, though, every single day feels like it has meaning.
Ichika: It's not just the band, either. We have you and Luka to thank as well.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Don't expect us to ease up on your lessons just because you're flattering us.
Ichika: Of course not.


697 731:areatalk02_339

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Hatsune Miku)

Saki: Let's see... If my right hand goes here and I put my left hand like this... No, now the switch is too far away.
Miku (Ln): Saki, why do you keep crossing your arms like that? Are you stretching for an upcoming show or something?
Saki: Actually, I'm having trouble with my hand placement. I can't seem to change the synthesizer sound fast enough.
Miku (Ln): Oh, that's right. You were saying operating the synthesizer for this new song was more difficult than actually performing it.
Saki: Yeah! Sometimes I wish I had an extra arm.


698 732:areatalk02_340

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (Ln): I feel like you stargaze every time you visit.
Honami: Yeah. I just love looking at the stars.
Miku (Ln): Do you know a lot about the constellations, then?
Miku (Ln): I've looked at the star charts in the classroom here, but I can't figure out where any of them are in the sky.
Miku (Ln): Do you think you could teach me?!
Honami: Hehe. Sure. Let's start with one that's easy to identify...


699 733:areatalk02_341

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (Ln): Shiho, what kind of things do you enjoy beside music?
Shiho: What do I enjoy? Well, there's a game I play a bit every day about raising pets.
Miku (Ln): Do you like animals, then?
Shiho: I like the little cute ones like rabbits and cats. The game lets you spend a little time each day taking care of them. It's fun.
Miku (Ln): I see.
Miku (Ln): (Hehe. She plays every day, huh? I guess Shiho really does enjoy taking care of others.)


700 734:areatalk02_342

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Hey, Ichika? You know a lot about flowers, right?
Luka: I'd like to add a little pink and green to the classroom. Do you know of any green flowers?
Ichika: Sure. You could get some buttercups or daisies. Oh, there are green carnations, too.
Ichika: If you're going for your pink and Miku's green, I think the buttercups would probably be the closest.
Luka: I should have guessed you'd notice what I was doing.
Luka: Hehe. I'll take a look at the flowers you recommended, then.


701 735:areatalk02_343

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Is school going well?
Saki: Yeah! I'm finally starting to catch up with my studies and I've even been able to attend club more often!
Saki: I'm really enjoying my job at the cafe, too!
Luka: Hehe. That's wonderful. Make sure to enjoy your high school days to the fullest.
Saki: I will! I'm going to make sure to create the best memories possible with Ichi and the others!


702 736:areatalk02_344

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Megurine Luka)

Luka: Honami, you're getting pretty good at setting up your drums.
Honami: Thank you. I'm still not quite sure if I'm doing it right, though.
Honami: Especially when it comes to adjusting their height. I always lower everything all the way down, then adjust them one by one.
Luka: What's wrong with that? It sounds like a pretty reliable method to me.
Luka: Besides, figuring out what works best for you to get the sound you want is what's important.
Luka: You should have a little more faith in yourself.
Honami: Right! Thank you, Luka.


703 737:areatalk02_345

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Luka: So this plushie next to the window here is named Phenny? What kind of animal is it?
Shiho: It's a phoenix. A lot of people mistake it for a penguin because of how chubby it is, though.
Shiho: But that's because it's still a baby. If you look at the tail, you can tell right away that it's not a penguin.
Shiho: Phenny is also... Oh...
Luka: Hehe. You sure know a lot about Phenny. You must be a big fan.
Shiho: I wouldn't go that far. I like plenty of other mascot characters t— Oh...
Luka: Oh, is that so? Why don't you tell me more about them?


704 738:areatalk02_346

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Miku (Ln): Hey, Luka. I was thinking about exploring more of this SEKAI with Ichika and the others. Would you like to come?
Luka: Exploring this SEKAI?
Miku (Ln): Yeah, remember when you told me you'd looked around the school? Like that.
Luka: Oh, you mean when I told you about the music room? Hehe. Sure, I'd be happy to join you.
Miku (Ln): Really?! Then let's go after our next practice session!
Miku (Ln): I've got to let Ichika and the others know!


705 739:areatalk02_347

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

Miku (Ln): This Phenny plushie is really cute. But why are they all different colors?
Luka: I'm not sure. I suspect it's so everyone can get one in their favorite color.
Miku (Ln): Do you think there are even more colors out there, then?
Luka: If you're curious, I suggest asking Shiho the next time she's here.
Miku (Ln): What? Not Saki or Honami?
Luka: That's right. I believe Shiho is your best bet. Hehe.


706 740:areatalk02_348

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku)

Minori: It seems like you two are doing a show every time we visit. You must be busy.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, that's probably because we've been on tour.
Minori: What?! On tour?!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. This SEKAI has many different stages, right?
Miku (MMJ): A tour for us is when we go from stage to stage putting on performances.
Minori: Oh, I see!
Minori: A tour, huh? That sounds fun! I want to go on tour with Haruka and the others someday, too!


707 741:areatalk02_349

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku)

Haruka: I always feel so nervous whenever I visit this place.
Miku (MMJ): Like in a good way? Or...
Haruka: The first time I was here, it wasn't a good kind of nervous. But now...
Haruka: Thanks to everyone's help, it's more of an excited nervousness. I actually want to get back up on stage.
Miku (MMJ): I see! Hehe. It makes me happy to see you smiling again.
Haruka: I have you, Minori, and the others to thank for that. Now it's my turn to put a smile on all of your faces.


708 742:areatalk02_350

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Hatsune Miku)

Airi: Hey, Miku. Do you remember when we talked about a joint practice session a while back?
Miku (MMJ): Of course! Does that mean...?
Airi: Yeah. I think we've all got time coming up soon. I have a favor to ask, though.
Airi: I'd like to help Minori get some practice up on a real stage. Do you think we could use one of the stages here?
Miku (MMJ): Sure♪ Rin and I will look around for the perfect one!
Airi: Really? Thanks, Miku!
Miku (MMJ): Don't mention it! I've been looking forward to this!


709 743:areatalk02_351

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (MMJ): Whoa! Using heels that are even just slightly taller makes walking super hard.
Shizuku: It sure does. I had a lot of trouble when I first started getting modeling jobs. The blisters could get quite painful, too.
Shizuku: What about you, Miku? I've seen you practicing in those shoes quite a bit lately.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I'm fine!
Miku (MMJ): Remember when you were teaching me how to do a runway walk? Your advice to put padding in my shoes has helped a lot!
Shizuku: That's good to hear.
Shizuku: (Practicing is already tough, stressful work. There's no need to make it unnecessarily painful as well.)


710 744:areatalk02_352

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kagamine Rin)

Minori: Rin, you guys have a lot of different outfits for all the songs you sing, right?
Minori: With so many of them, do you ever forget which one is for which song?
Rin: Hahaha. There was this one time I accidentally wore the wrong costume.
Rin: After that, I started giving each of the outfits names to help me remember. I haven't mixed them up since.
Minori: You give them names? That's a great idea!
Minori: Maybe I should talk to Haruka and the others and come up with a name for that clover outfit.


711 745:areatalk02_353

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Haruka, is it true that you haven't taken a single break from practice since you decided to become an idol?
Haruka: Yes. I sometimes reduce the amount of work when I'm not feeling well, but I've never skipped a day.
Rin: Wow! What's the trick to keeping it up for so long?
Haruka: Well, I suppose it's important to make sure you don't try to do everything straight away.
Haruka: I also kept my goals short when I was first starting out. I would set them for three days in a row or maybe a week at a time.
Haruka: The feeling of accomplishing a goal you set for yourself gives you the motivation to work toward the next one.
Rin: It sounds so simple when you say it, but it's still amazing that you've kept it up for so long.


712 746:areatalk02_354

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Airi, you always seem so mature and levelheaded. Do you have any siblings?
Airi: Yes, I have a younger sister. I've got an older sister too.
Rin: Wow, three girls?! That sounds nice. You get to be both an older sister and a younger sister at the same time.
Airi: I guess that's true. Being the middle child can be pretty rough, though.
Airi: My older sister can be super strict, too. She's pretty hardcore, like a demon at times...
Rin: Is that why you're always so strict with Minori's lessons? Hey, tell me more about your sisters!


713 747:areatalk02_355

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin)

Shizuku: Thanks for helping me with practice, Rin. I think you've helped me finally perfect this dance.
Rin: You're welcome! I wasn't expecting you to do something as drastic as deciding not to go home until you did, though.
Shizuku: That's because I always have a hard time memorizing this sort of thing. I don't like causing trouble for the others.
Shizuku: I also really enjoy this dance. I wanted to be able to dance alongside everyone else as quickly as possible.
Rin: Oh, I see! Now all that's left is to have fun dancing with everyone else!
Shizuku: That's right. I'm going to make sure today's practice is put to good use.


714 748:areatalk02_356

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Hey, Miku! Since there are so many of them, what do you think about using multiple stages during the same show?!
Rin: We could do things like switch back and forth!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, that sounds really interesting!
Rin: Right?! I have a bunch of other neat ideas, too. Wanna hear?
Miku (MMJ): Yeah, of course♪


715 749:areatalk02_357

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Miku (MMJ): ——♪ ——♪
Miku (MMJ): Great, I think that sounds about right.
Rin: The number of stages in this SEKAI is getting so high that I can't count them anymore.
Miku (MMJ): Yeah. It's kind of nice, though. That way, we can't ever get too used to one stage. After all, complacency is a performer's greatest enemy.
Rin: You're right! Let's make sure to sing and dance our best today so everyone leaves with a smile♪


716 750:areatalk02_358

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (VBS): Kohane, you've changed a lot since I first met you.
Kohane: Oh, all I did was cut my hair and switch to contacts.
Miku (VBS): There's that too, but you also feel like a different person. Your expression is more confident than before.
Miku (VBS): You should have a little more faith in yourself.
Kohane: Miku...
Kohane: Thanks, I'll try!


717 751:areatalk02_359

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (VBS): I know we talked about how you help out at your restaurant before, but do you cook at home too?
An: Sometimes. My mom works as well, so my parents are both pretty busy.
An: Mornings can get a little crazy, so I end up cooking breakfast a lot. It's never anything super complicated, though.
Miku (VBS): The important thing is that you're helping, not what you make. It's nice that you help your parents so much.
An: You think so? Hahaha. It feels kinda strange being praised by you.


718 752:areatalk02_360

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Akito: Hey, you are actually Miku, right?
Miku (VBS): Yes. What makes you ask that now?
Akito: I guess you just don't quite look and feel like the Hatsune Miku I know...
Miku (VBS): That's because I'm the Miku of this SEKAI. It's probably best not to think about it too much and just get used to it.
Akito: Just get used to it? I guess that's easier than trying to understand a more complicated explanation.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Right?


719 753:areatalk02_361

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku)

Toya: Miku, do you mind if I practice my singing here for a while?
Miku (VBS): That's fine with me. Did something happen?
Toya: I got into another argument with my dad. It's a little awkward practicing in my room right now.
Miku (VBS): I see. Well, I'll be at MEIKO's cafe. You should stop by when you're finished.
Miku (VBS): I'm sure she'd be happy to make you a special cup of coffee if you do.
Toya: That sounds great. I'll be there. Thanks, Miku.


720 754:areatalk02_362

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Kagamine Len)

Kohane: Oh, Len. Would you like to sing with me for a bit?
Len: What? The two of us?
Kohane: Yeah. I still don't have enough experience compared to everyone else. I thought it might be good to practice with people outside the group.
Kohane: The problem is I don't know many people on Vivid Street.
Len: In that case, I'd be happy to help out! You think you can keep up with me, though?
Kohane: Thanks, Len. I'll do my best!


721 755:areatalk02_363

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Kagamine Len)

Len: An, guess what?! I filled in for Miku and helped out at MEIKO's cafe the other day!
An: Oh, yeah? How'd it go?
Len: Great, of course. MEIKO even said she'd be happy to have me fill in again next time Miku can't make it.
Len: It was actually kinda fun. I think I'll try helping her make sandwiches next time.
An: That's great! I'll bring Kohane to get something to eat when you do.
Len: Yeah, you should! I'll make you the best sandwich you've ever had!


722 756:areatalk02_364

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Kagamine Len)

Len: Hey, Akito. Have you ever heard Toya play piano or violin?
Akito: Nope. He'd already quit by the time I met him.
Akito: I don't think he even likes listening to them anymore.
Len: Hm... That's too bad. I thought it might be fun to do some jazz with Toya playing the piano and the two of us singing.
Akito: Jazz, huh? Singing would be one thing, but I doubt he'd want to play.
Len: I see. Well, maybe someday.


723 757:areatalk02_365

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

Len: I wish I was as tall as you are. Then it would be way easier to use the bar stools at the counter.
Toya: I suppose it would be difficult with your height.
Toya: I could lift you up into the seat if you'd like.
Len: No way! If Miku or Akito saw, I'd never hear the end of it!
Len: I'm currently researching the most stylish ways to hop onto counter seats. I appreciate the offer, though.
Toya: I see. Well, I hope your research comes up with something.


724 758:areatalk02_366

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, MEIKO)

Kohane: Oh, it's a dripper in your signature red color, MEIKO! Is it new?
MEIKO: Hehe. I'm still testing it out.
MEIKO: Little differences in the shape of the dripper and the grooves on the inside can change the speed that the flavor is extracted from the coffee beans.
MEIKO: Would you like to help me do some taste tests?
Kohane: Really? Sure, I'd love to try!


725 759:areatalk02_367

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: An Shiraishi, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Hello, An. I thought you would be busy helping your father at the restaurant right around now.
An: Nope. As a minor, there's not much I'm allowed to help with once the bar opens.
MEIKO: I see. Wouldn't it be better to head home and prepare for your lessons or finish your homework, then?
An: Well, um...
MEIKO: Hehe. How about this? You can have one cup. Once you're finished, you have to go home to get your work done.
An: All right. There's no arguing with you, MEIKO.


726 760:areatalk02_368

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Toya always lets me know what he likes when it comes to coffee. Don't you have any preferences, Akito?
Akito: Nope. As long as it tastes good, that's enough for me.
MEIKO: I see. Are there any foods you don't like?
Akito: Uh, not really...
MEIKO: Is that so? The look on your face tells a different story. I wonder if it's something you're too embarrassed to say. Let me guess...
Akito: Oh, I just remembered I have somewhere to be! See you later!


727 761:areatalk02_369

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO)

MEIKO: Toya? You look a little tired.
Toya: I had another argument with my dad before leaving the house.
Toya: He always asks me where I'm going and who I'm meeting. It's really starting to get to me.
MEIKO: Well, he is your father. It's only natural for parents to worry about their children.
MEIKO: Still, I hope one day he will come to accept what it is you want to do.
Toya: Yeah... I hope so, too...


728 762:areatalk02_370

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

Miku (VBS): ——♪ ——♪
MEIKO: Sounds like you've been expanding your repertoire again.
Miku (VBS): A little. I want to sing all sorts of different songs with Kohane and the others.
Miku (VBS): You're itching to sing as well, aren't you? I've noticed you singing a lot lately while you make coffee.
MEIKO: Hehe. Is it that obvious?
MEIKO: I have to make sure I'm ready in case the opportunity ever presents itself.


729 763:areatalk02_371

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Miku (VBS): Len, you mentioned the speaker's been acting up lately. Did you ever get it fixed?
Len: Yeah! MEIKO took a look at it and got it working! I think she said something about a contact?
Miku (VBS): Oh, it must be a faulty connection. If that's the case, it'll probably start acting up again at some point.
Len: Hehe! Don't worry!
Len: MEIKO told me all I need to do is give it a few light taps on the back to help it feel better!
Miku (VBS): To help it feel better? MEIKO sure can sound old sometimes.


730 764:areatalk02_372

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Len: Sigh...
MEIKO: That was quite a sigh. What's wrong?
Len: Akito and Toya haven't visited in so long.
MEIKO: Actually, they both visit quite often. It just always happens to be when you're not here.
Len: Really?! I've been wanting to do some guy talk. Maybe I should go visit them instead.
MEIKO: Hehe. If you want to see them so badly, I don't see anything wrong with that. Just be careful not to overly surprise them.


731 765:areatalk02_373

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): Hehehe. Me and the others are going to play instruments during our next show! You've got to join us, Tsukasa♪
Tsukasa: I'm not sure why I've got to, but I'd be happy to join in if you have a piano.
Miku (WxS): You know how to play piano?!
Tsukasa: My mother is a piano teacher, so I learned to play when I was a child. I can still play a little.
Miku (WxS): Wow! All right, you're on piano, then! I'll let KAITO know to get one ready for you!


732 766:areatalk02_374

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku)

Emu: Ready! Hyah!
Miku (WxS): Wow! Emu, you just went flippity-flip zoom!
Emu: Hehehe. I'm pretty good at back flips and stuff☆
Miku (WxS): That's so cool. I want to try a flippity-flip too!
Emu: How about we try one on the trampoline? KAITO has one near the stage, right?!
Miku (WxS): Yeah! I'll do my best to flippity-flip zoom just like you!


733 767:areatalk02_375

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): I've found you, Nene. There's no escaping this time!
Nene: Huh? Wh-What?!
Miku (WxS): Mwahahaha. You shall now sing with me♪
Nene: S-Sing? Why do you have to say it so theatrically?
Nene: Sure, I'll join you. I came here to practice anyway.
Miku (WxS): Hurray. I am quite pleased.
Nene: Um... Could you just speak normally?


734 768:areatalk02_376

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): Rui, I heard it wasn't just Robo-Nene that you made! Did you really build all the stage mechanisms yourself, too?
Rui: Most of the time I just alter existing equipment to do what we need it to.
Rui: Going too far could lead to safety issues though, so I'm always sure not to do any more than is necessary.
Miku (WxS): Safety issues? Does that mean everything you make is safe?
Miku (WxS): Why does Tsukasa always get so upset, then?
Rui: Hehe. It is strange, isn't it? I even make sure to always let him know my alterations are plenty safe.


735 769:areatalk02_377

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

Miku (WxS): Hey, KAITO! I want some costumes!
KAITO: Huh? Costumes? All of your costumes are backstage.
Miku (WxS): Not for me! For the plushies! It's not fair that we're the only ones that get to wear costumes.
KAITO: I suppose that's true. We wouldn't be able to do our shows without them, so it makes sense that we should have costumes for them as well.
KAITO: I'm not sure I can make that many on my own, though. Will you help me, Miku?
Miku (WxS): Sure, let me know what I can do!
KAITO: Great. We'll start by taking measurements and gathering the materials we need. There's a lot to do, so let's get to work!


736 770:areatalk02_378

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, KAITO)

Tsukasa: KAITO, do you mind if I observe your rehearsal?
KAITO: Not at all. But why the sudden interest?
Tsukasa: I'm just curious what a rehearsal with that carefree Miku and all the plushies is actually like.
KAITO: Hahaha. It's true they don't like to listen to me and often get into mischief, but they're all very serious when it comes to rehearsals.
KAITO: It's probably better to just show you, though. Shall we get started?
Tsukasa: Yes, please!


737 771:areatalk02_379

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, KAITO)

KAITO: Emu, I hear you were showing Miku and the plushies some acrobatics.
Emu: Yep! We even practiced back flips! It was fun♪
KAITO: Is that so? Hehe. If you and Miku were sisters, I think you would probably be the older one.
Emu: Really?! You think I'm the older one?!
KAITO: As of now, I would say you have a slight lead.
Emu: In that case, I'll have to keep working hard until I'm good enough to be your older sister, too!
KAITO: Looks like I'll have to do the same, then. I can't let you surpass me just yet.


738 772:areatalk02_380

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, KAITO)

KAITO: How have your shows been going?
Nene: There are always plenty of people in the audience, so I guess we're doing pretty well.
KAITO: You sound as though something is still bothering you.
Nene: Well... I usually end up actually being on stage alongside Robo-Nene.
KAITO: I see. If that's the only thing you feel is off, I don't believe you have anything to worry about.
Nene: I'm not sure I can see things so optimistically, but thanks anyway.


739 773:areatalk02_381

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, KAITO)

KAITO: Rui, where did you learn all the skills necessary to build robots and design all your stage mechanisms?
Rui: I'm mostly self-taught. You can find out how to do just about anything on the internet.
Rui: I'm also very curious how things work, so I've disassembled many toys and home appliances to see what makes them tick.
KAITO: I see. So that insatiable curiosity is what made you who you are today.
Rui: Speaking of curiosity, I've been itching to know how the plushies in this SEKAI are able to speak and move.
KAITO: Hahaha... I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that...


740 774:areatalk02_382

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

KAITO: There you go. Miku, what exactly are you planning to do with this many hula hoops?
Miku (WxS): Emu, Nene, and I are going to see who can spin the most at one time.
KAITO: I can understand Emu's participation, but Nene is joining you as well?
Miku (WxS): Yep. She's using Robo-Nene! She's amazing! Last time, she had ten spinning at once♪
KAITO: Ten hula hoops at once? That's impressive!
KAITO: I'm not sure whether to be amazed at Robo-Nene's agility or at Nene's operating skills.
KAITO: It sounds interesting either way, though. I think I may have to watch this competition of yours!


741 775:areatalk02_383

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Hatsune Miku)

Kanade: Phew... This place is never too bright. It's so nice.
Miku (N25): You don't like bright places, Kanade?
Kanade: No. Mornings especially. The sun shines in through the gaps in the curtains and if I'm not careful, I blind myself.
Miku (N25): Y-You blind yourself?!
Kanade: Oh, that's just an expression. I don't actually go blind.


742 776:areatalk02_384

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Mafuyu: Miku, aren't you bored here by yourself? Would you like some books to read?
Miku (N25): No, I'm all right...
Miku (N25): As long as I'm able to sing the music you and the others create, that's enough for me.
Mafuyu: You want to sing? I see...
Mafuyu: (She's quite different than the Miku I know, but I guess Miku is still Miku.)
Mafuyu: (Who am I, though...?)


743 777:areatalk02_385

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku)

Ena: Yawn... I'm so tired. The weather is giving me a headache, too. I don't want to go to school.
Ena: Miku, can I rest here until my headache goes away?
Miku (N25): Are you all right, Ena? You're welcome to stay. I'll keep you company.
Ena: O-Okay... Thanks.
Ena: (I came here fully intending to stay for a while, but now I kinda feel bad for imposing...)
Ena: (I guess I should actually head to school once my headache clears up.)


744 778:areatalk02_386

[Empty SEKAI - Expanse]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Mizuki: Hey, Miku. I came to hang out.
Miku (N25): Oh, welcome.
Mizuki: Hey, am I the only one who ever comes to just hang out?
Mizuki: Kanade and Mafuyu are always working on their music, and Ena just comes to avoid going to school.
Miku (N25): The reason isn't really important to me so long as everyone visits.
Mizuki: I see. Hahaha. You're probably the most grown up out of any of us.


745 779:areatalk02_387

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori)

Emu: Honami, have you ever been to Phoenix Wonderland?
Honami: Yeah. I went with my friends when I was little.
Honami: It feels like forever ago. I still have the Phenny plushie I bought.
Emu: Really?! Hehehe. I've got something you'll love, then!
Emu: We do a show for the Wonder Stage with a bunch of mascot characters! Phenny is in it, too♪
Honami: A mascot show? Hehe. That sounds like something Shiho would love.
Honami: Thanks, Emu. I'll have to invite a friend of mine.


746 780:areatalk02_388

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato)

Ichika: Hanasato, do you listen to a lot of Miku music too?
Minori: Yeah! Oh, let me grab my phone. Here, I've been listening to a lot of stuff from this creator lately.
Ichika: Oh, I've heard of them. Everyone's been talking about how powerful Miku sounds in their songs.
Minori: I should've known you'd have heard of them!
Minori: Hehe. It's so nice being able to talk about Miku with my friends at school.
Ichika: I agree. I'd be happy to talk any time. Just let me know.
Minori: I will! Thanks!


747 781:areatalk02_389

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato)

Minori: Ichika, I heard you and Saki started a band recently. Have you tried doing the vocals?
Ichika: I don't know. I don't have as much trouble with pitch as I thought I would, but it's hard to express my feelings through singing.
Ichika: Sometimes, Saki will bring love songs for us to practice, but the lyrics don't really make me feel anything...
Ichika: I've come to realize singing songs about emotions you're not familiar with is actually quite difficult.
Minori: Oh, I know what you mean! I'm really good at songs about cheering others on, but I'm terrible at the slower ballad type songs.
Ichika: Hehe. I guess we still have some improving to do.
Minori: Yeah. We'll just need to keep working harder! More, more, more!


748 782:areatalk02_390

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

Minori: Haruka, thanks for letting me borrow your textbook!
Minori: I can't believe I actually got to borrow a book from my favorite idol! I never thought this day would come!
Minori: I'll never forget this day as long as I live.
Haruka: Hehe. That's well good and all, but you should try not to forget your own textbooks.
Minori: Oh, you're right! I'll be more careful!


749 783:areatalk02_391

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

Akito: Hm? You're still here? Don't you need to help your dad?
An: I've got the day off. One of my friends asked me to be a stand-in for the basketball team today.
An: What's your excuse for still being here? You taking make-up lessons again?
Akito: No way. I'm standing in for someone on the soccer team.
An: You too? Oh, shoot! They're calling me! See you later!
Akito: Yeah, whatever. Guess I should get going too.


750 784:areatalk02_392

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma)

Toya: Tsukasa, are you all right? I heard you were hit with a soccer ball during lunch today.
Tsukasa: Oh, that? I purposefully stopped the ball with my face!
Tsukasa: After all, I was carrying my lunch. I decided to suffer the injury instead of losing my food.
Toya: Oh, I see. I thought maybe you had tried to go in for a header and just missed.
Tsukasa: I-I would never make such a graceless mistake. Ha...hahaha!


751 785:areatalk02_393

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Hello, Rui!
Rui: Hehe. I see you've come again. Great job making all the way over here.
Emu: Hehehe. I made sure to say hi to everyone I passed on the way. It's all good.
Rui: They most likely sensed trouble and therefore decided to feign ignorance so as to not get involved.
Rui: Well, since you're here, why don't we go find Tsukasa and Nene?
Emu: Yay! Tsukasa! Nene! Come out, come out, wherever you are♪


752 786:areatalk02_394

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: How smart is the AI you installed in Robo-Nene?
Rui: That's a difficult question. I suppose that depends on your definition of what makes an AI intelligent?
Nene: Never mind. I don't want a long-winded explanation.
Rui: Some would base the definition on the amount of big data, or large data sets it can process.
Rui: The ability to connect and make inferences from analyzing these large amounts of data is also...
Nene: (Great... I've made a terrible mistake. Now he's never going to stop...)


753 787:areatalk02_395

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Hey, is your friend from Class C okay?
Nene: He asked me where you were the other day, but he was uncharacteristically polite...
Toya: Class C? You mean Akito? 
Toya: I'm sure he's fine, but he does have a bit of a dark side.
Toya: When he decides he's going to crush something, he gets all serious.
Nene: Wh-What do you mean? Now I'm kinda scared...


754 788:areatalk02_396

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: How did you like the shop I recommended?!
Kanade: You said most of their stuff was handmade, so I wasn't really expecting much.
Kanade: But I was really impressed. Especially with those doll eyes.
Kanade: The texture looked so real, and the detail in the irises made it feel like you might get sucked in. Hm... I need to hurry home.
Mizuki: I knew you would appreciate how good they... Wait, you're leaving already?!
Kanade: I feel a really good melody coming on. I'll see you on Nightcord later.


755 789:areatalk02_397

[Music Shop]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Oh, here it is! This artist feels a lot like OWN.
Mizuki: They're a mysterious rock band kinda like us. They rarely meet face to face.
Mafuyu: The picture on the cover is back lit so you can't see any of their faces. It's almost like they're not even looking at the camera.
Mizuki: I hear their band's concept is, Turning our backs on the light.
Mizuki: You should give them a listen!
Mafuyu: Okay. Thanks for the tip. I'll give them a try.


756 790:areatalk02_398

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: Ugh... The sun is so bright...
Mizuki: Hahaha. Is that your Kanade impression?
Ena: No, the sun is just really bright.
Ena: It's been a while since I was outside this early in the morning. Was the sun always this bright? I feel like I should be worrying about UV rays.
Mizuki: The sun never does go easy on the skin. C'mon, Ms. Nocturnal. The light is about to turn green.
Ena: Yeah, yeah. I think I understand why Kanade always wants to take the underground passages.


757 791:areatalk02_399

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: Mizuki, you know of any good concealers?
Mizuki: That's a bit vague. You've got to give me a little more to go on if you want a good recommendation.
Ena: I need something that can hide the circles under my eyes, can keep my skin hydrated, has a soft texture, will brighten my complexion, isn't too heavy—
Mizuki: Whoa, hold it! That's way too much!
Ena: You're the one who asked for more information. Well? Let's hear your recommendation already.
Mizuki: You're such a pain... Fine then, but you're going to have to try every product I can think of that might help with all your crazy needs! Prepare yourself!


758 792:areatalk02_400

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shiho: Shizuku, could you not walk so close?
Shizuku: Oh, don't be that way. We came to shop together.
Shizuku: Is it because you don't want people knowing you're the sister of an idol like me?
Shiho: No, that's got nothing to do with it. What I'm saying is I can barely walk with you crowding me like this.
Shizuku: Oh, is that all? Thank goodness!
Shiho: C'mon, get off! What did I just say?!


759 793:areatalk02_401

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Shii, are you getting along with Minori?
Shiho: You could say that.
Shizuku: I see. Hehe. Minori is really nice, isn't she?
Shizuku: We're both so fortunate to have met someone as nice as her, don't you think?
Shiho: Yeah... I guess so.


760 794:areatalk02_402

[Music Shop]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: That's not it, either. There weren't any people in the picture. It was also a sort of dark, monochrome shot.
Akito: Sigh... How about this one?
Ena: I just said it had a monochrome picture on the cover. Are you even taking this seriously?
Akito: Of course I'm not. You can't even remember the name of the artist. Who tries to find an album based on the cover art?
Ena: What else am I going to do? I only saw it for a second on TV late last night!
Ena: C'mon, hurry up and grab the next one.
Akito: Oh, for crying out loud. The least you could do is try to remember the first letter!


761 795:areatalk01_094

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: I'm glad I went to visit, but he still can't speak...
Kanade: Dad...
Kanade: I hope we can chat next time...


762 796:areatalk01_095

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: The light's about to change.
Kanade: But even if I run, I won't make it in time.
Kanade: I think I'll just take the pedestrian tunnel. It takes longer, but at least there's no sun.


763 797:areatalk01_096

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki)

Kanade: I'm lucky I was able to get my headset repaired.
Kanade: I wasn't expecting one side to just go out like that. Now I can finally get back to work.
Kanade: I'm already behind. I should hurry home and get started.


764 798:areatalk01_097

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: A text? Oh, it's Mom. <What time are you getting home today?>
Mafuyu: <I have a committee meeting and club activities today, so I'll be home a bit later than usual.>
Mafuyu: That should do it. All right, time for that meeting.


765 799:areatalk01_098

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: Karaoke, huh? It sounds like a bunch of people from class want to go...
Mafuyu: But I don't really want to join them. I think I'll just say no.
Mafuyu: Hey, sorry about that. So about going to karaoke later...


766 800:areatalk01_099

[Music Shop]

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: Looks like the featured selection has changed. Let's see...
Mafuyu: Healing music to soothe the weary heart?
Mafuyu: Huh... That sounds like something we could all do with.


767 801:areatalk01_100

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Going to school is such a pain.
Ena: Maybe I should have signed up for the online course. Then I could wake up whenever I wanted.
Ena: Oh, but then I wouldn't be able to window shop on my way home. I guess that would be kinda boring too.


768 802:areatalk01_101

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Huh? There are still a lot of kids here from the regular full-time course.
Ena: Club activities must just be finishing up or something.
Ena: I can't believe they get here so early and stay this late. I could never handle having to be at school for so long.


769 803:areatalk01_102

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Where the heck is Akito?
Ena: I even got here early so I could ask him to pick something up at the store for me.
Ena: Whatever. I'll just text him.


770 804:areatalk01_103

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Hm... The collar of this shirt is super cute, but the overall design isn't that great.
Mizuki: This one's design is nice, but the pattern on the fabric is kind of boring.
Mizuki: Finding the perfect clothes is always so hard. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to alter these a bit on my own.


771 805:areatalk01_104

[Main Street]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: My shift doesn't start for a while yet. I should have killed some more time eating lunch at that cafe.
Mizuki: Well, I guess I could pop into school for a bit and—oh, never mind. I'm not wearing my uniform today.
Mizuki: Haha. Well, karaoke it is, then♪


772 806:areatalk01_105

[Music Shop]

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama)

Mizuki: Do they have that new CD...? Here it is! Nice, this place always has stuff available before its street date!
Mizuki: Oh, that reminds me. Doesn't the theme song from that anime I just started watching come out today?
Mizuki: It comes with some freebies if you buy it at that other shop, though. Guess I'm doing some CD shop hopping today.


773 807:areatalk04_001

[Theme Park]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Phoenix Wonderland, here I come! Thanks for inviting me, guys!
Ichika: Think of it as a belated welcome back party.
Honami: Sorry it got off to a rough start. We're really happy to have you back!
Shiho: Yeah, congrats on getting discharged. So on this special occasion, you can drag me along wherever you like and I won't complain.
Saki: Thank you!
Saki: Teehee... If you're willing to do aaanything, Shiho, I'm taking you to the photo stand-ins this time!
Shiho: No, wait... Do that with Honami and Ichika, but leave me out...
Saki: We're ALL going to take photos together! Right?
Honami: Okay. It's a little embarrassing, but today's your party after all.
Ichika: Can I just take the photos for you?
Saki: Nope! Our mission for today is to create some wonderful memories together!
Honami: Hehe... Why don't we get started and check out the attractions?
Shiho: The roller coaster's nearby. Wanna get on?
Ichika: Huh? I don't like them very much...
Saki: Haha! No worries, Ichi! Let's go find something that we can all enjoy!


774 808:areatalk04_002

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: We've got some time before the studio booking. Want to hang out somewhere nearby?
Ichika: Sure. I wouldn't mind checking out the local stores.
Saki: Oh, guys! If we're going window shopping, I've got a great idea!
Honami: Let's hear it.
Saki: Teehee... It's a game called...Searching for the next big thing!
Ichika: Not a very punchy name...
Saki: Don't be so picky!
Saki: I used to just blindly follow the latest trends, but now I want to challenge myself and look to the future!
Shiho: You want to discover things that have the potential to become popular?
Saki: Exactly! And maybe I could even become a trendsetter!
Honami: Hehe... You're really excited about this, aren't you?
Ichika: And our role is just to be your potential trend sniffer dogs?
Saki: I couldn't have put it better myself!
Saki: Okay, girls. Let's get started looking for the next big thing♪
Shiho: Sheesh. Don't forget about band practice, that's what we all came here for today...


775 809:areatalk04_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: We managed to book the rehearsal studio, so that's where we're going to practice today.
Shizuku: It's been a while since we practiced in a studio.
Haruka: That's another reason to make good use of it!
Minori: Yeah! Hehehe!
Airi: What's that dorky smile for?
Minori: I'm just really happy, and kind of proud? That I get to practice with all of you every day.
Minori: It's like my hard work has paid off, and here I am now!
Airi: What are you talking about? It's only going to get harder from now on.
Haruka: Cut her some slack, she knows that. Right, Minori?
Minori: Sure thing! You can bet I'll give it my all today too!
Airi: You said it. Let's make this a really hardcore session.
Shizuku: Hehe. I won't fall behind.
Shizuku: Um... So where exactly is this studio?
Airi: I thought you were leading us there but you don't even know the way? Sheesh, follow me!
Haruka: Hehe... Come on, Minori, or they'll leave us behind.
Minori: Sure!


776 810:areatalk04_004

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: I'm glad everyone could make it today.
Shizuku: I've been really looking forward to going out together too.
Airi: So much so that you've been spamming me with messages about it late at night.
Shizuku: Yeah, I was very excited for today.
Airi: I get that, but I was just trying to get some sleep, you know? But every time I tried to end the conversation, you just kept dragging it out.
Shizuku: Really? You kept replying, so I thought you wanted to talk more...
Haruka: Hehe, that's so like Airi. She's too polite to just leave you hanging.
Minori: Haha, totally.
Minori: Oh, by the way! We haven't created a group chat for us yet!
Haruka: We should do that. It'd be useful for communicating stuff like where and when we're meeting.
Shizuku: That's a great idea! We can always stay in touch! It'll be fun chatting with you all tonight.
Haruka: Hehe... We're all here right now, but you're already thinking about chatting with us online later?
Minori: It'll be great! We'll get to talk so much more about everything, and we can arrange when we all go to SEKAI together and all that!
Airi: That may be nice, but lack of sleep is really bad for the complexion, so I don't want to stay up too late, okay?
Minori & Shizuku: Got it!


777 811:areatalk04_005

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: A-Are we really going to perform here in front of so many people?
An: We're doing it here precisely because we can get a big audience! Besides... Heya!
Kohane: We haven't even started but people are already starting...
Akito: Oh, it's you guys.
Kohane: Th-There's more people coming our way!
Toya: Shiraishi and Akito have quite the following. A crowd materializes instantly when they come out to sing.
Akito: Yeah, the four of us are singing together today. Why not hang around and check us out later?
An: Cool, well, we should get going. You ready, Kohane?
Kohane: Um, I...
Toya: Sing as usual, and it'll be fine.
Akito: Anyhow, if you mess up, we'll cover you.
An: How rude! Kohane's not going to mess up!
Akito: An's vouching for you. So you gonna do it or not? I don't want to sing next to someone who's not really into it.
Kohane: !!
Kohane: Deep breath... Phew... Okay, I'm ready when you are!
An: Okay, let's get this party started!


778 812:areatalk04_006

[Music Shop]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Akito: Huh, look at that. The stage at the back's been revamped.
Kohane: There's a stage there?
Toya: Yes, it's used for small scale performances by various artists.
Kohane: Wow, I had no idea!
An: It's a tiny venue, so there's no room for much of an audience, but I heard the gigs there really go off.
Kohane: Hmm... I'd like to see what it's like.
An: Let's see... Oh, it looks like there's a gig on there this weekend. Some sort of album release celebration for an idol group.
Akito: I'll pass.
Toya: Same.
An: Your choice. How about you, Kohane? Want to check it out with me?
Kohane: Yeah! Thanks, An.


779 813:areatalk04_007

[Theme Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Look, look! That's Phenny's pop-up store, run by Phenny and stocked with all things Phenny!
Nene: It seems to be drawing a lot of customers.
Rui: If only our Wonder Stage got that level of attention.
Emu: Why don't we ask Phenny over there to come over to Wonder Stage?
Emu: Then all these people will follow Phenny and discover us!
Tsukasa: You can't be serious, Emu! We can't pull a stunt like that!
Rui: Well, it is the main mascot character of Phoenix Wonderland, so...why not?
Tsukasa: Uh... B-Because...
Emu: It's fine! Phenny is my friend, and it's part of Phoenix Wonderland!
Emu: I'm going to ask Phenny to come visit us!
Emu: Phenny! Hello!
Nene: Hold on! Yikes, she's fast.
Nene: What do we do now? I have a bad feeling about this.
Tsukasa: Urgh... We've got to stop her. Emu! Rui! Wait up!


780 814:areatalk04_008

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Tsukasa: Looks like we're all here.
Emu: Yay! We're going to see a movie together♪
Nene: I can't believe you had us come just for this...
Rui: It's a musical. It may provide us with some ideas for our own shows.
Rui: It might also be interesting to exchange our opinions about it afterwards, don't you think?
Nene: I don't know, maybe.
Emu: So excited! So excited☆
Nene: Just remember to keep your voices down, you two. This is a theater.
Emu: Okaaay♪
Tsukasa: I don't need to be told to behave!


781 815:areatalk04_009

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: How about this outfit? Isn't it cute?
Mizuki: Yeah, it's nice. Decent quality fabric for that price, and you can style it in lots of different ways and wear it any season.
Mafuyu: I don't think they want to leave this store.
Kanade: Yeah...
Kanade: (We've already had the party to celebrate the release of our new song, so why not just go home...)
Ena: Hey, Kanade!
Kanade: !!
Ena: Do you like this hat? I think it would look fabulous on you!
Kanade: A...hat? But I don't really go out...
Mizuki: If the sun bothers you, this hat will keep you cool!
Kanade: Listen, I'm just not a going-out type of person...
Mizuki: Don't make me beg you! Come here!
Kanade: No, what are you... M-Mafuyu!
Mafuyu: Don't worry about me. Have fun.
Kanade: Have pity on me...


782 816:areatalk04_010

[Main Street]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

Ena: Hey, I got discount coupons for the rescue cat cafe. Should we all go together?
Mizuki: What's a rescue cat cafe?
Ena: It's a cat cafe, except the cats they look after are strays that they're helping find new owners.
Mizuki: I've never even been to a regular cat cafe. Let's go use those coupons!
Kanade: Cats, huh...
Mafuyu: .....
Ena: Um... You don't like cats?
Mafuyu: I don't know. I've never petted one.
Kanade: Me neither.
Ena: You're kidding, right? Well, that settles it. We're going!
Ena: Relaxing with animals can unleash your creative potential, or so they say.
Mizuki: Haha. Seems like you want us to go no matter what, huh.
Mizuki: I think I can guess why. You want to take pics with cats and get lots of likes.
Ena: So what if I do?
Ena: Anyway! Let's meet up in front of the station this weekend and spend some quality time with the kitties!


783 817:areatalk01_106

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Kagamine Len)

Len: Haha! Merry-go-rounds and flying cars?! This place is great!
Len: I bet the shows KAITO and the others put on in this SEKAI are awesome!
Len: Miku said there were all kinds of different styles of shows! I can't wait to see some!


784 818:areatalk01_107

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Kagamine Len)

Len: If I'm going to be in KAITO's troupe, I've got to start practicing my lines! Where did that script he lent me go?
Len: Huh, it looks like the main character is a knight. Oh, the dialogue between the hero and the rival knight in this scene is so cool!
Len: Let's see. They both draw their swords and stare each other down. Hm... Maybe like this?
Len: I'm going to have to practice with KAITO later and see what he thinks!


785 819:areatalk01_108

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Kagamine Len)

Len: Acting sure is fun. You get to be all sorts of things! Princes, sorcerers, even pirates!
Len: Weigh anchor, ye scurvy dogs! Hard ter starboard!
Len: Heave-ho! That buried treasure is ours fer the takin'!
Len: How fun! I hope I get to play the hero one day, too♪


786 820:areatalk01_109

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Rin)

Rin: What is taking Len so long?
Rin: He said to meet in front of the graffiti of the dog, and I've been—huh? Wait, this isn't a dog!
Rin: A-Am I waiting in the wrong spot?! I've got to find the right graffiti, and quick!
Rin: But this SEKAI has graffiti everywhere! Why can't we just meet at MEIKO's cafe?!


787 821:areatalk01_110

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Wow! Len was right! That little alleyway comes out right in front of MEIKO's cafe!
Rin: There are little alleys like this all over the place. Getting around would be a lot faster if I could remember them all.
Rin: Hehehe. I'll ask Len for a tour later.


788 822:areatalk01_111

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Rin)

Rin: This spot isn't being used and it's super close to MEIKO's cafe. I bet it'd be perfect for singing!
Rin: I wonder if Len knows about it. He's always wandering around exploring on his own.
Rin: Maybe I should tell Kohane and An instead! Then we can all sing together!
Rin: All right, that's the plan! Now to go find them!


789 823:areatalk02_403

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Len: Hey, Miku! I heard you were doing a bunch of shows with KAITO. What kinds of shows are they?
Miku (WxS): Well, yesterday we did a magic show! We were doing things like levitation and teleportation♪
Len: That's awesome! What else?!
Miku (WxS): We did one trick where we put KAITO in a box and stabbed a bunch of swords through it♪
Miku (WxS): KAITO's acting when we pushed the swords in was amazing! It sounded like he was actually being stabbed!
Len: Cool! Can I see the trick too?!
Miku (WxS): Sure! Let's go see if we can find KAITO♪


790 824:areatalk02_404

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Len: Miku, have you ever been on that flying train before?
Miku (WxS): Yep♪ We rode it with the plushies! Tsukasa and his friends were there, too!
Len: Tsukasa? Oh, he must be one of the sources of feelings for this SEKAI!
Miku (WxS): Oh, that's right! You still haven't met him, have you? I'll have to introduce you some time!
Miku (WxS): The shows we put on with everyone are sooo much fun★
Len: Really?! Hehehe. I can't wait to meet them all!


791 825:areatalk02_405

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Kagamine Len, KAITO)

KAITO: You want to learn stage sword fighting?
Len: Yeah! It looks so cool when you see actors slicing up their enemies in the movies!
KAITO: In that case, we'll need to find some practice swords. I wonder if we have any in the props room.
Len: Why can't we use the ones you had in your show? They look so much cooler.
KAITO: Those are only for live performances. They look impressive, but they can also be dangerous.
KAITO: You need to learn how to properly handle a practice sword first. Think of the real one as a reward for practicing.
Len: So you're saying I can use one once I get good enough?! All right, I promise to practice hard!
KAITO: That's good, Len. Very well. Shall we get started?


792 826:areatalk02_406

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Kagamine Len, KAITO)

KAITO: Len, you've been part of a few shows now. What do you think of the experience?
Len: It's so much fun! And the plushies are always helping me out when I need it.
Len: Like when I need help getting changed between scenes or when I don't know where one of the props is stored.
Len: They all say you helped them out when they first started, so now it's their turn to pay it forward!
KAITO: Is that so? It sounds like everyone is learning how to support each other, I'm very proud.
Len: You should be! And it makes every day super fun!
KAITO: Well, I'm glad to hear that! I'll have to remember to thank everyone later.


793 827:areatalk02_407

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Miku, how do you like helping out at MEIKO's cafe?
Miku (VBS): It's not bad, I suppose.
Rin: Not bad? Why do you do it, then?
Miku (VBS): Just hanging out drinking coffee kinda felt like a waste of time. Besides, if I'm an employee, it's easier to start up conversations with other customers.
Rin: Hahaha. So the only reason you help out is for Kohane and the others?
Miku (VBS): Hehe. I guess you could say that.


794 828:areatalk02_408

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Miku, guess what?! I helped out MEIKO at the cafe!
Miku (VBS): Oh, yeah? How was it?
Rin: It was fun!
Rin: It feels so good when people are happy and say thank you when you bring them their order!
Rin: I was thinking about helping out again sometime.
Miku (VBS): You should. I'm sure MEIKO would be glad to have you.
Rin: Really? In that case, I'll come by more often!


795 829:areatalk02_409

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Rin: How long have you been able to drink coffee, Len? You even drink it without milk.
Len: Hehe. I've always been able to.
Rin: Oh, stop lying. The first time you had it, you scrunched up your face and said it was too bitter.
Len: Okay, fine. But the more I drink it, the easier it gets.
Rin: Really? Maybe I should try it more often until I get used to it too!


796 830:areatalk02_410

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Rin: Hey, can you stop asking me to meet you under different graffiti? There's no way I can remember them all.
Len: You're telling me that now?
Len: All right, fine. I'm kind of sick of waiting around forever for you, anyway.
Len: So where should we meet instead? MEIKO's cafe?
Rin: Yeah! That way there's no room for confusion. And even if you do end up waiting a little while, you've got MEIKO and Miku to keep you company.
Len: That makes sense! You'd better not use that as an excuse for being late, though.
Rin: Hey, I'm not the only one who gets so absorbed in their music that they completely forget about the plans they made.
Rin & Len: Pffft... Hahaha!


797 831:areatalk02_411

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

Rin: MEIKO, the music you had playing today sounded different than usual. It felt more adult, if that makes sense.
MEIKO: That's because Miku made a special request.
Rin: What?! You take requests?!
MEIKO: Of course. I should be able to find just about any song.
Rin: I didn't know that! So if I request a playlist, you'll put it on the speakers?
MEIKO: Sure. I need to prepare, though, so let me know ahead of time.
Rin: Okay! I'm going to come up with a list right away♪


798 832:areatalk02_412

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

Rin: Your cafe is so nice, MEIKO. Every time I visit, I feel like I could just stay here forever.
MEIKO: Hehe. I take it that means you find the place comfortable?
Rin: Yeah, but why is that? Is it the music you play? The overall atmosphere?
Rin: Oh, maybe it's because I get to see you, Miku, Len, and even Kohane and all her friends.
MEIKO: You always find ways to help everyone enjoy themselves, too. It makes me feel privileged to run this place.
Rin: That still doesn't really explain why I feel like I want to stay here forever.
MEIKO: Hehe. Why don't you have another juice while you think it over?


799 833:areatalk03_301

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Len: Hey, Miku! KAITO! How was my performance? Do you think I'm getting better?
KAITO: I would say so. You're really starting to become the character you're playing.
Miku (WxS): Yeah! Your prince performance the other day was great♪
KAITO: I think I may have you try a more mature role next time.
Len: A mature role?!
KAITO: Yes. Instead of a boy prince, we could have you try performing as one who's growing into a young man.
KAITO: Simply changing a character's age can significantly alter how a role needs to be performed. It's not as easy as it sounds.
Len: That's fine! This acting thing is fun! I'll do my best!
Miku (WxS): Great! That's the enthusiasm we like to hear★
KAITO: It is. How about we start tomorrow, then?
Len: Sure!


800 834:areatalk03_302

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Len: .....
KAITO: What's wrong? You've been staring at the clouds.
Len: Is it just me, or are those clouds a little pink? The more I look at them, the more they're starting to look like cotton candy.
Miku (WxS): I thought the same thing! I even got on the flying train to see if I could eat them♪
Miku (WxS): Whenever the train got close, though, they'd run away!
Len: Really? That seems a little suspicious, don't you think? Maybe they were running away to avoid getting eaten!
Miku (WxS): You think so too?! I was thinking about taking the stuffed animals with me to try again some time!
Len: That sounds fun! Can I go too, KAITO?!
KAITO: Of course. Though I still think those are just normal—
KAITO: (Actually, never mind. Who knows, I could be wrong. Besides, I wouldn't want to ruin their fun.)


801 835:areatalk02_026

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Shizuku, would you like to have some of my lunch? I made a little too much today.
Shizuku: Well, since you're offering. Mmm, this is delicious. It tastes great! This must have taken quite some time to make.
Airi: It's best to let it soak up the flavor as it cools. The initial setup takes a bit of effort, but it doesn't take that long. I...
Shizuku: Mmm... The omelette is good, too. And this fried chicken... So delicious.
Airi: H-Hey! Stop eating my whole lunch!


802 836:areatalk02_069

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Kohane: You guys do a lot of shows at live houses, don't you?
Toya: Yeah. There's always someone Akito knows that wants us to perform.
Kohane: Hehe. That just means there are a lot of BAD DOGS fans out there.
Toya: I always feel most comfortable performing on Vivid Street, though. We've even performed here, but the crowds always get too big so we have to keep it short.
Kohane: H-Here?! That's amazing. I'd never have thought of singing somewhere like this...


803 837:areatalk02_197

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Do you come to the mall often?
Emu: Yeah! You can find anything you want here! Are you saying you don't?
Nene: I do my shopping online, that way I don't have to go anywhere. Everything just comes to me.
Emu: So why'd you come with me today?
Nene: Well, you didn't give me much choice. You basically dragged me along. So can we make this quick? Grab what you came for.


