1 2674:areatalk_ev_band_21_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Shiho: What's on the agenda for us tomorrow after school, again?
Ichika: We're meeting with Mr. Shindo, and going to the studio after that... What were the times?
Honami: We're meeting with him at five, and we'll be in the studio from half past six. It sounds like the timeslot before ours is open, so it's also okay if we arrive early.
Saki: You always seem to know these things right off the top of your head, Hona. Do you have all our schedules memorized or something?
Honami: Not all of them. But I do try to remember everything that's happening during a given week.
Saki: Really...?!
Saki: Then, lemme quiz you♪ Umm... What time does practice start for us this weekend?
Honami: Huh? This weekend? I think we're supposed to meet at noon...
Shiho: There's nothing wrong with quizzing her, Saki, but did you actually know the answer to your own question...?


2 2675:areatalk_ev_band_21_002

[Music Shop]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

Honami: Are those both Miku CDs?
Ichika: Yeah. They both include live concert tracks as a special bonus, but they differ depending on if you get the first or regular edition. I'm not sure which one I want...
Honami: I see. These special bonuses are so hard to find if you don't buy them right away, after all.
Ichika: Alright I've made my decision... I'm buying both. Because they were both really good live...!
Ichika: Can you wait here for a second while I take these up front, Honami? I'll be right back.
Honami: Hehe. Ichika never changes...


3 2676:areatalk_ev_band_21_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: The song that they played during lunch is by that new idol group, right?! Everyone's been talking about them lately!
Honami: Ichika did say they ran a survey to decide which songs to play this week.
Shiho: Oh, right. That explains their recent choice of songs.
Saki: A survey, huh? I hope our songs get chosen someday!
Honami: We'll need to keep working hard as a band if we want lots of people to vote for us.
Shiho: You two sound pretty motivated. I might just take that as license to run a harder practice today.


4 2677:areatalk_ev_band_21_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

Honami: Thank you all again for throwing that party to congratulate us. It was incredibly fun.
Honami: So, the others and I have been planning something as a small token of our appreciation...
MEIKO (Ln): Haha. You don't have to do that for us. We just wanted to celebrate your success, is all.
Rin (Ln): If you're planning anything, you should let us help! Don't forget that I'm on the fun and games committee♪
Rin (Ln): So, let's come up with a fun surprise for everyone together!
Honami: Huh? Umm... I really appreciate you offering...
Honami: It's just that, if you help us, Rin, then we'd have to thank you some other way...


5 2678:areatalk_ev_band_21_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Len)

Saki: Why do some people call live houses “boxes” in Japan? Is it because they're square and boxy?
Len (Ln): I don't know for sure, but I want to say that's the reason I hear the most.
Saki: I knew it! In other words, if all live houses were shaped like stars, then we'd have to say, “Next, we're playing at that star!” right?!
Len (Ln): That star...?
Shiho: A live house in the shape of a star... I feel like it'd be impossible to put on a good performance.
Len (Ln): Yeah, wouldn't the acoustics be terrible?
Saki: What?! I thought it'd be amazing to play somewhere like that, because of how it'd fill your heart with star-studded excitement.


6 2709:areatalk_monthly2508_001

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, KAITO)

KAITO (Ln): That's a lot of yakisoba buns. One, two, three... Wow, seven.
Ichika: There was an event nearby with some famous bakeries all setting up stands. Each one has a completely different bread and sauce.
KAITO (Ln): You're right. Looking at them together, I can see they're all very different.
Ichika: Right. They all seemed interesting, so I ended up buying a lot.
Ichika: Would you like to help me out, KAITO? If we split them, I don't think we'll end up too stuffed.
KAITO (Ln): In that case, sure. The smell of the sauces was making me a little hungry.
Ichika: Okay, which one should we start from?
KAITO (Ln): How about this dense-looking one here?


7 2710:areatalk_monthly2508_002

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kagamine Len)

Saki: Huh? You want me to train you in table tennis to beat Rin?
Len (Ln): I heard Rin's getting Luka and MEIKO to train her in secret. And I don't want to lose, so I need backup too.
Len (Ln): And you're in the soft tennis club, so I bet you know a ton of stuff I can use in table tennis too, right?
Saki: Heh heh heh. Good eye on you, Len! You made the right call asking me!
Saki: I'll teach you all the techniques I've learned from the soft tennis club!
Saki: Just so you know, though... It's not going to be easy!
Len (Ln): R-Right. Looking forward to it.


8 2711:areatalk_monthly2508_003

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

Luka (Ln): Oh, Shiho, your arm is bruised. Are you okay?
Shiho: I'm fine. Just had a bit of an accident at work.
Luka (Ln): At work?
Shiho: Yes, someone in a band playing that night knocked over their mic stand during a song...
Shiho: It was going to hit a customer, so I tried to get them out of the way, but couldn't avoid it myself.
Shiho: I'm just glad they didn't get hurt.
Luka (Ln): I see. You really put your heart into your work, don't you, Shiho? Well done.
Shiho: I don't really need any praise for it... But thanks.


9 2712:areatalk_monthly2508_004

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Oh, Mochizuki? What a coincidence.
Honami: Oh... Kamishiro, Kusanagi! Are you out shopping?
Nene: Yes, for things we need for a show. What about you, Mochizuki?
Honami: Oh, not me. I'm just window shopping... Though looking at this kitchenware has made me sort of want to get something.
Honami: Like tongs that are half fork and half spoon, or a butter dish that portions up butter as you store it. There are so many things that seem very handy.
Nene: You're right... I didn't even know they made stuff like this.
Rui: Hehe. Innovative products such as those are so interesting. They're born from unique ideas, which makes them quite inspiring.
Rui: Hmm, a dish that cuts butter... I think I could use an idea like that in a show.
Nene: To do what, exactly...?


