1 1345:areatalk_ev_idol_07_001

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: Oh, this goth shop's clothing lineup's so cute and fancy...!
Shizuku: You're right. It's always so interesting seeing clothes that you don't usually wear while window shopping.
Minori: Wait...! Goth idols... A new way for us to go as MORE MORE JUMP!
Minori: Oh no...! Haruka would look so good in these too!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm sure Airi would also look just as cute wearing something that's covered in ribbons and bows like this.
Shizuku: I know. Why don't we do a segment where we pick a theme and dance while trying on clothes from a certain genre?
Minori: Oh wow! We could try all sorts of different clothes, including goth stuff! Let's try working on that together, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Yes, I'd love to! Hehe. I can't wait to see Airi in these kinds of outfits.


2 1346:areatalk_ev_idol_07_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Wireless earbuds have caught my interest lately. I've browsed around, but do you happen to have any recommendations?
Haruka: I have a few... But I'm more surprised by you actively looking for anything like this.
Shizuku: The truth is, my elbow got caught on the cord for my current earbuds when I was practicing a dance routine the other day. That made me drop my music player and ended up breaking...
Shizuku: Which is why I'd like to get a pair of wireless earbuds to help prevent that from happening again.
Haruka: Oh, that's right... You like listening to your music player while working on a dance routine.
Shizuku: Yes. Airi taught me everything about how to use one when we were both still in training.
Haruka: (Now she can use a music player all on her own. Way to go, Airi...)
Haruka: I can show you a few of the wireless earbuds that I've used before.
Haruka: (One with a neckband might be best. I've used it before so I should be able to teach her how like Airi did with her music player.)
Shizuku: Oh, Haruka, thank you so much!


3 1347:areatalk_ev_idol_07_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Thank you for waiting, Airi...! Sorry for being late.
Airi: All good. We can't meet in our usual spot since we're checking out a new shop today. More importantly, good for you, Shizuku! You made it here on your own without getting lost!
Shizuku: I have my secret weapon to thank for that.
Airi: Secret weapon? What's that?
Shizuku: Ta-daa. It's a map with a navigator that speaks. It tells me exactly when to turn and such, so it's really handy.
Airi: Wait, a navigator that speaks...?!
Shizuku: Yes! I can't believe how much of a difference it makes. It's perfect for someone like me who has trouble with electronics and reading maps♪
Airi: Yeah, I guess you won't have much trouble using it. At the same time, I'm worried that this is gonna turn into a crutch after learning so much already about using a smartphone...


4 1348:areatalk_ev_idol_07_004

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Minori: First-prize... For all of us... Alright, Minori Hanasato, it's now or never! Please!
Haruka: Oh, it's white.
Shizuku: That's too bad...
Minori: B-But!
Airi: I've never seen anyone get so hyped up about a drawing like this before... I guess that's also one of your best qualities, Minori.
Minori: Haha... First-prize was tickets to an aquarium, so I really wanted to win it... Maybe saying it out loud wasn't a good idea...
Minori: More importantly, I was hoping that we could go feed the penguins together...
Haruka: Minori, you don't have to win something like this to go to the aquarium.
Airi: She's right. Why don't we all take a day off from practice to go check it out?
Shizuku: Yes, I'd love to go feed the penguins too♪
Minori: Y-You mean it...! Thank you so much!
Haruka: Hehe. Why don't we stop by this cafe to sit down and discuss when would be best?
Airi: Yeah, let's do that!


5 1349:areatalk_ev_idol_07_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Shizuku: Miku, Len, hello. Are you about to start dance practice?
Miku (MMJ): Yes♪ Would you like to join us, Shizuku?
Shizuku: I'd love to! Hm...? Miku, the decoration on your outfit's dropping a little. Here, let me fix it.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, really? Thank you, Shizuku!
Len: Wow, I didn't notice that at all.
Shizuku: Hehe. Designing our own outfits seems to have given me an eye for these sorts of fine details.
Len: I see... That's really great. It's like you've learned a totally new skill.
Shizuku: Yes, I believe I have.
Shizuku: (I have to keep learning more and more as a member of MORE MORE JUMP! to really become a pillar of support for everyone.)


6 1350:areatalk_ev_idol_07_006

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, KAITO)

KAITO: Airi, I heard that you research what other idols do. I take it you own videos of some of their shows?
Airi: Yeah, of course. Why do you ask?
KAITO: I'm hoping to learn more from other idols about how shows are put on and what they do during their performances.
KAITO: Another way of looking at this is to start incorporating new ideas to keep my own performances from going stale.
Airi: I see... But all of the stuff I have is for female idols. You think that'll still help?
KAITO: Absolutely! We're all idols, so I'm sure our ultimate goals are all the same in terms of spreading hope and whatnot.
Airi: You're right! Alright, I'll bring some DVDs of shows that I recommend you see!


7 1351:areatalk_ev_idol_07_007

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Len: KAITO, I came up with some ideas for that show we're gonna be doing together.
Len: You always find a way to make the rest of us shine on stage, so I wanna return the favor!
KAITO: Thank you, Len! That's wonderful to hear.
KAITO: Since you brought it up, why don't we try hammering out some of the details for that show now?
Len: Yeah, that'd be great! Let's make it something really special.
KAITO: Yes, let's.


