1 1510:areatalk_ev_shuffle_23_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Oh, Emu! Honami! Did you two just get out of school?
Emu: Yes! We were just about to go to this new cafe to try their apple pies☆
Emu: They come with ice cream on top, so they're supposed to be hot, icy and creamy all at the same time!
Ena: Wow, that sounds nice. Hmm... I really don't feel like going to school, so maybe I'll skip.
Honami: Wait, are you sure about doing that?
Ena: No, I should probably go. However, I'm really interested in this cafe now, so can you tell me more about it?
Ena: (If I invite someone when I have some free time...)
Emu: Honami, can we go get apple pies some other time...?!
Ena: What...?
Honami: Yes, I was just about to ask you the same thing.
Honami: Ena, why don't we go to this cafe together sometime?
Ena: Y-You don't have to do that for me...
Emu: No, we really want to go with you☆
Ena: Really...? Then, let's go when we're all free.
Honami & Emu: Okay!


2 1511:areatalk_ev_shuffle_23_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Ena Shinonome)

Honami: Ena, as a token of my appreciation for teaching me how to draw, I baked you an apple pie. I hope you enjoy it.
Ena: Wow, thanks! Kanade's always saying how amazing the food you make is. I can't wait to try this.
Honami: Amazing...? No, I just picked up a few recipes here and there as I went along...
Ena: There's no need to be modest. You're always doing your best to make sure Kanade eats right, no?
Ena: My mom tries to make sure I also eat right...
Ena: But lately, she'll make something one day and make it again two days later. What do you think that means? Is it too much trouble to come up with something new? Or did she just forget?
Honami: Hmm... It sounds like she cares very much about you getting a balanced diet...
Honami: This is just what I imagine happened... “I made fish yesterday and meat the day before, so...” And as she kept thinking, she started doing some other work around the house...
Honami: By the time she gets back to thinking about what to make for dinner, she ends up choosing the last thing that was in her head.
Ena: Oh, that makes sense. My mom does like to multitask.
Ena: (Also, Honami, with the way you think... It's like you're already a mom.)


3 1512:areatalk_ev_shuffle_23_003

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Emu Otori, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: *Sigh* Classes are such a drag... Hm? Is that...?
Emu: Oh, Ena, hi!
Ena: Emu?! You know this is Kamiyama High, right?
Emu: I do☆ I'm here to meet everyone from my troupe!
Ena: O-Oh, I see. But aren't you normally supposed to wait for them down by the gate?
Ena: (Also, no one else seems surprised. Is this something she does on a regular basis?)
Emu: Ena, I hope you get a chance to visit and see our show again! Anyway, see you later!
Ena: Okay... Wait, she just went into the school...! But no one seems bothered by it...
Ena: So, there's nothing for me to worry about? In that case, I'll head to my classroom...


4 1513:areatalk_ev_shuffle_23_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori)

Emu: Honami! Honami! We get to draw stuff during art class today! I can't wait☆
Honami: Hehe. Me too.
Honami: (Until recently, I never found myself looking forward to art class. If anything, I sort of dreaded it. But now...)
Emu: Honami...? Do you still not really like drawing for art class yet...?
Honami: Oh, no, it's not that. I'm actually looking forward to it a bit more now.
Emu: Really?! That's great!
Emu: Then, let's show each other what we've drawn after we're done♪
Honami: Okay!


5 1514:areatalk_ev_shuffle_23_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kagamine Len)

Honami: Len, I brought that sketchbook you asked for. Here...
Len: Yeah, the really big one! This is exactly what I wanted!
Len: Thanks, Honami. We have sketchbooks here, but nothing this big.
Honami: You're welcome.
Honami: Actually, I didn't know that they made sketchbooks this large either.
Len: Luka told me about them and have been wondering how big they actually are ever since.
Len: And it's huge! Almost as big as a small child!
Honami: Hehe. Do you already know what you're going to draw?
Len: Yeah, I'm gonna try drawing the stars you can see from the rooftop. They're really pretty and I bet it's gonna be fun to draw them.
Honami: Oh, that sounds wonderful! Would you mind showing me once you're finished?
Len: Of course. That's the least I could do for getting me this.
Honami: Thank you! I'll be looking forward to seeing how it turns out.


