1 2303:areatalk_ev_wonder_18_001

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Rui: Phew... I thought it'd be fun if we ordered these all-you-can-eat tacos since not many places offer that, but...
Tsukasa: More tacos, please!
Emu: I'd like some more too!
Rui: Our visit has turned into an eating contest.
Nene: N-No more... I'm completely stuffed...
Rui: I think I'll stop here as well. I may be removing the vegetables, but nothing good can come of overeating.
Tsukasa: Which just leaves you, Emu! As expected!
Emu: Heh heh heh♪ You're never gonna beat me, Tsukasa! These tacos are so yummy, I feel like I can keep eating them forever and ever!
Tsukasa: Ah, as do I! I'm enjoying how they have this spicy kick to them!
Nene: Seriously, how do you guys still have room in your stomachs? You've been scarfing them down faster than I possibly could...
Tsukasa & Emu: More!!!
Rui: This may take a while...


2 2304:areatalk_ev_wonder_18_002

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Emu Otori, Megurine Luka)

Luka (WxS): Huh? Emu? Did you lose something? You seem to be looking all over the place.
Emu: Hi, Luka!
Emu: One of the plushies said they lost their precious acorn brooch, so I'm helping look for it! Did you happen to see it anywhere?
Luka (WxS): An acorn brooch? Hmm... Let me see...
Luka (WxS): Oh, could this be it...? It rolled into me while I was sleeping, and I decided to put it in my pocket temporarily.
Emu: Yeah, that might be it! Thank goodness!
Luka (WxS): Here you go, Emu. Please get it back to our plushie friend.
Emu: Okay, I'll go deliver it now☆ Thank you so much, Luka!


3 2305:areatalk_ev_wonder_18_003

[Kamiyama High School]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Nene: Huh...?! Wh-What in the world are you two doing...?!
Tsukasa: Oh, Nene! What's wrong? Why the look of surprise?
Nene: Of course I'm surprised! I mean, why are you inflating so many balloons? Where am I supposed to walk...?
Rui: We're preparing to do a little experiment. That's why I'm having Tsukasa inflate as many balloons as he can.
Tsukasa: Yes, I don't know what this experiment entails, but my lung capacity makes this a piece of cake!
Nene: That's not what I was asking. Seriously, what are you gonna do with all these balloons...?
Rui: The plan is to turn these into balloon dogs and hamsters, and get them to run around using these gadgets of mine.
Rui: So, Tsukasa, Nene, would you mind helping me make said balloon animals?
Tsukasa: Wh-What?! Using all these?!
Nene: Oh, sorry, I just remembered that I have to go talk to my teacher.
Tsukasa: Nene! Don't run! Stay and help us!


4 2306:areatalk_ev_wonder_18_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Megurine Luka)

Rui: The rooftop and courtyard were both very crowded. We spent a little while searching for a quiet place to eat, but coming to SEKAI was a good idea...
Tsukasa: Anyway, let's eat!!! Mmm! Delicious!
Rui: Hm? Are you having ginger pork for lunch today, Tsukasa...?
Tsukasa: Yes. Just smelling it makes your mouth water, does it not?! I might be willing to let you try a bite if...
Luka (WxS): Oh, that smells wonderful... I'm sensing ginger...
Tsukasa: Hm? Luka...? Did we wake you?
Luka (WxS): Oh, you're having lunch here today. Now I'm starting to feel a little hungry...
Luka (WxS): Can I have a bite...of your... Zzz...
Tsukasa: I guess she was sleepier than she was hungry...
Rui: I'm not so sure. She may very well be dreaming about food right now.


5 2307:areatalk_ev_wonder_18_005

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

Emu: Wow, that street performance was so good! I really enjoyed it!
Tsukasa: Me too! Particularly the part when that other guitarist jumped in and started having a session with them! I couldn't believe that they were improvising...!
Emu: Me neither! Everyone was smiling and laughing so much that I wanted to join in!
Tsukasa: I know what you mean! A long time ago, I got so excited watching this one performance that I ended up jumping in.
Emu: Wait, really?!
Tsukasa: Yes! It was just after I'd seen this one musical at the movie theater. I couldn't resist the urge to sing at the top of my lungs...
Tsukasa: And it was such an incredible rush. I remember the audience cheering so loudly!
Emu: Oh, that's so cool! Then, why don't we ask next time to see if we can join in?!


6 2318:areatalk_monthly2407_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Emu Otori)

Emu: Oh! Hi, Akito! Good wonderhoy!
Akito: Hey, Otori. What brings you here?
Emu: I'm waiting for Tsukasa and the others! We're gonna go see the dinosaur museum together!
Akito: Dinosaur museum?
Emu: Yup! There's a scene in this show we're going to do where we have to pantomime being dinosaurs!
Emu: So, we're gonna try to get a better idea of how they moved and stuff!
Akito: Oh, I see...
Akito: Wait, that means those two are coming. I won't take up any more of your time. Good luck.


7 2319:areatalk_monthly2407_002

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma)

Kohane: Oh, Tsukasa! Hello!
Tsukasa: Ah, if it isn't Azusawa! What are the odds of us running into each other here?
Kohane: I know, right?! It feels like it's been a really long time since we last met after you all stopped doing shows at PXL.
Tsukasa: Yes, it has been a while... I'm sorry if we made you feel sad in any way.
Tsukasa: But we're in the middle of training at the moment. We promise to return more powerful than ever and put on incredible shows for you!
Tsukasa: So, we hope you'll continue supporting us!
Kohane: I will! I'm really looking forward to being blown away by your shows again!


8 2350:areatalk_monthly2408_003

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, KAITO)

KAITO (WxS): Huh? Nene? Are you practicing by yourself?
Nene: Oh, yeah. I had some free time, so I decided to try practicing walking in traditional Japanese clothes.
Nene: I know I should be doing this when I'm actually wearing something traditional, but all we had at home were the kimonos and yukatas that I wore as a kid...
KAITO (WxS): Traditional Japanese clothes...? Come to think of it, we don't have much of a selection either.
KAITO (WxS): I should probably make some in case we need to use them down the line. Miku and the others will probably want to try wearing them anyway.
Nene: Make some...? That doesn't sound easy.
KAITO (WxS): Haha. No, it won't be.
KAITO (WxS): But it'll be worth the effort since I have a feeling that Miku and the others won't know what to do with themselves.
Nene: (Things like this are what make KAITO such a great person.)


9 2351:areatalk_monthly2408_004

[Wonderland SEKAI - Amusement Park]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (WxS): Rui, Rui☆ Can I ask you a question about acting?
Rui: Yes, if you believe I can help. What would you like to ask me?
Miku (WxS): About cats and dogs! I have to learn to act so people can tell which animal I am.
Miku (WxS): But every time I try to play a dog, I end up looking like a cat!
Rui: Hmm... Well...
Rui: (Her ears and tail may be a part of the problem...)
Rui: To start, would you show me what you've been doing until now? I'll try to comment if I notice anything.
Miku (WxS): Okay! Thanks a bunch☆


10 2365:areatalk_monthly2409_003

[Wonderland SEKAI - Harbor]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Rin)

Rui: Oh, Rin, are you by yourself today?
Rin (WxS): Yup♪ We don't have practice, so I'm gonna go meet the plushies down at the docks☆
Rin (WxS): Actually, Rui, if you have time, wanna come with me?! They said I could go aboard their ship, which should be really fun♪
Rui: Their ship? That does sound like fun! I think I will join you.
Rin (WxS): Woohoo♪ Then, let's stop by the inn first♪
Rui: Ah, the one run by our gorilla friend?
Rin (WxS): Yup♪ We went there with Miku and the others the first time we came here, remember?
Rui: Yes, but it's been quite a while since then. I'm looking forward to seeing him again.
Rin (WxS): Me too♪ So, let's go visit the inn☆


