1 2577:areatalk_aprilfool2025_001

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Kagamine Rin)

Death Vegetable (Rui): Nice speech, Boss.
Eater Pan (Ichika): Yeah, that was great. You're such a charismatic villain!
Boss Noodle (Kanade): All I did was read the script Death Vegetable prepared for me...
Death Vegetable (Rui): Still, Boss, you're the only one capable of producing that aura of strength and magnificence.
Picky (Rin-N25): You have this way of capturing people's hearts, Boss...
Picky (Rin-N25): Which in turn has been a huge help in gathering Coda's wish-granting power.
Death Vegetable (Rui): Heh heh heh. Let us proudly proclaim our beliefs again today in order to make our wish come true!
Death Vegetable (Rui): Goodbye to all the foods we dislike!
Eater Pan (Ichika): Choosing to eat only the things we like!
Boss Noodle (Kanade): We must stay true to ourselves.
Picky (Rin-N25): The four of us together are...
Everyone: Fussy Eaters!


2 2578:areatalk_aprilfool2025_002

[Theme Park]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Pegasusman Red (Tsukasa): Wings of passion! Pegasusman Red!
Orange Eagle (Akito): Wings of resolve! Orange Eagle!
Salmon Pink (Minori): Wings of possibility! Salmon Pink!
White Crow (Mafuyu): Wings of wisdom! White Crow!
Peep Peep Rainbow (Miku-WxS): Wings of spirit! Peep Peep Rainbow!
Pegasusman Red (Tsukasa): We fly high in the sky!
Everyone: We are the Skysoaring Zoorangers!
Peep Peep Rainbow (Miku-WxS): Yay♪ We nailed it again today☆
White Crow (Mafuyu): Hehe. Now that we've had a chance to psych ourselves up, let's start making our way over to that hospital we're scheduled to visit today.
Pegasusman Red (Tsukasa): Yes! We need to be there for all those sick children!
Salmon Pink (Minori): Come to think of it, Pegasusman Red, didn't you say your sister used to get sick pretty often when she was little?
Pegasusman Red (Tsukasa): Yes, but she's all better now and a hero just like me!
Orange Eagle (Akito): Really? Then, that means we might get to work with her someday.


3 2579:areatalk_aprilfool2025_003

[Music Shop]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, Emu Otori, Megurine Luka)

Idol Heart (Haruka): Nice work with the meet and greet, everyone.
Smile Heart (Emu): We sent everybody home with big smiles on their faces♪
Funny Heart (Luka-MMJ): Yes, and those smiles will help us grant our wish by tapping into Coda's power.
Happy Heart (Saki): So, the more we try to make others smile, the more energy we'll be able to gather from Coda? In other words, the closer we get to making our wish come true!
Idol Heart (Haruka): Come to think of it, Happy Heart, you're hoping to reunite with the childhood friends you became estranged from, yes?
Happy Heart (Saki): Yeah. I became a hero after returning to school, but I feel like they've been avoiding me...
Smile Heart (Emu): Don't worry! I'm sure your wish will come true, and you'll all be friends again! I mean, my wish already came true!
Idol Heart (Haruka): Our powers helped Smile Heart make up with the commander... I mean, her brothers.
Happy Heart (Saki): That's so cool. Especially since they're helping other heroes with their work now!
Funny Heart (Luka-MMJ): Hehe. I'm sure your wish will also come true, Happy Heart. After all, you have the best idols in the world by your side♪
Smile Heart (Emu): Whoa, so bright!
Happy Heart (Saki): Thanks, you two! I feel a lot better now♪ Let's keep it up and do our best at the show later!


4 2580:areatalk_aprilfool2025_004

[Main Street]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama, MEIKO)

Cute Ribbon (Mizuki): Alright, you two. Stop arguing and look here!
High School Girls: Who are you? We're talking about something really importa—
Teardrop (Shizuku): It's not good to argue. If you don't listen, I'm going to be very sad.
High School Girls: ?! W-We'll listen...!
High School Girls: We're sorry for arguing ...!
Cute Ribbon (Mizuki): Then, to celebrate you two making up, have these cute ribbons! You two are gonna love wearing matching bows and stuff♪
Vividrum (An): So, Teardrop achieves justice through beauty, while Cute Ribbon is all about cuteness...?
Cafemaster (MEIKO-VBS): You'll also want to find a theme for yourself, Vividrum. What kind of hero do you want to be?
Vividrum (An): Not sure... Aunt Nagi's probably going to laugh at me from up above if I change teams again...
Teardrop (Shizuku): You can stay with us for as long as you like.
Teardrop (Shizuku): We're FOW. We don't work for anyone. We're all about making our own wishes come true.
Vividrum (An): As in “For One Wish”, right...? Well, I do sort of want to keep this city safe since Aunt Nagi loved it so much.
Cute Ribbon (Mizuki): But you've changed teams like three or four times because you haven't been able to decide, right?
Vividrum (An): Urgh...
Cafemaster (MEIKO-VBS): Why don't I go make us some coffee? After you've finished your patrol, you can think about what you want to do while drinking it...


5 2581:areatalk_aprilfool2025_005

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Airi Momoi, Toya Aoyagi, KAITO)

Breaktime (Airi): Then, let's begin our regular meeting regarding evil deeds. Would you mind starting us off, Mealmonger?
Mealmonger (Honami): This past week, I noticed one of my classmates trying to stick to an impossible diet, so I made her a bunch of snacks to ensure that she'd fail.
Yes-man (Toya): One of my friends decided not to study for a test until the night before, so I applauded him for even thinking about studying.
Listen-to-this (KAITO-Ln): I played music for everyone on the station platform and made them so relaxed, they stayed there until last train...
Breaktime (Airi): How delightful! Those are such wonderfully evil deeds!
Breaktime (Airi): As for me, I made some mothers in my neighborhood take a break. I babysat their kids for them in the meantime.
Mealmonger (Honami): Nicely done, Breaktime. Mothers are good targets since it must be hard for them to take breaks.
Yes-man (Toya): It is important for those who work hard to take breaks. Let us keep doing what we can to corrupt everybody.
Listen-to-this (KAITO-Ln): Say goodbye to dizzying days.
Breaktime (Airi): And hello to flat soda.
Yes-man (Toya): As well as soggy ramen.
Mealmonger (Honami): Come join us in our paradise of laziness and relaxation.
Everyone: We are Devoted Evil!


6 2582:areatalk_aprilfool2025_006

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Nene Kusanagi, Ena Shinonome, Kagamine Len)

Codename C (Shiho): I'm C.
Codename B (Kohane): I'm B!
Codename N (Nene): I'm N!
Codename E (Ena): I'm E!
Codename L (Len-N25): I'm L...
Everyone: CBNEL! GO AKUJI!
Codename B (Kohane): That was perfect! I feel like we're a real team now.
Codename N (Nene): *Nod* Now I'm glad that we decided to do a cheer like the other villain teams.
Codename C (Shiho): It sort of feels like a school club, though.
Codename E (Ena): To be fair, we're still total novices. We can just work on being better villains as we go.
Codename L (Len-N25): Come to think of it, C, B, I noticed that neither of you is using your initials...
Codename C (Shiho): Because there's too much risk involved. It might be okay for heroes, but we're villains.
Codename B (Kohane): Since it might reveal your true identity.
E & N: (Why didn't you guys say this sooner?!)


7 2583:areatalk_aprilfool2025_007

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

Salmon Pink (Minori): Oh, it's Eater Pan and Death Vegetable from Fussy Eaters!
Eater Pan (Ichika): This is bad, Death Vegetable! They're, uhh... The Zorangers!
Orange Eagle (Akito): That's Zoorangers! You missed a letter there! It just makes our lame team name sound that much worse!
Death Vegetable (Rui): If that's how you feel, then why not leave your team and help us create our version of utopia?
Eater Pan (Ichika): As you probably already know, our goal is to eat only the foods we like, while ridding this world of all the ones we dislike.
Eater Pan (Ichika): Don't you have foods you dislike? If you join us, then you won't have to eat the foods you despise so much.
Salmon Pink & Orange Eagle: No more broccoli...? No more carrots...?
Pegasusman Red (Tsukasa): Hey, don't let them fool you so easily!
Death Vegetable (Rui): Pegasusman Red. As I recall, you have a deep distaste for bell peppers, yes? Wouldn't it be nice to not have to eat them ever again?
Pegasusman Red (Tsukasa): W-Well, that...
Pegasusman Red (Tsukasa): No, wait a second... How do you know about that?!
Death Vegetable (Rui): Hehe... You're always welcome to join us. Anyway, if you'll excuse us.
Pegasusman Red (Tsukasa): No, stop right there!


8 2584:areatalk_aprilfool2025_008

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Saki: It's been so long since we had a meal together! Thanks for joining me, Hona!
Honami: No, I should be the one thanking you for inviting me. Being a hero seems like a lot of work, and I know you've been doing your best...
Honami: So, here you are. I baked a hundred whole apple pies.
Saki: A-A hundred whole ones?! A hundred slices would be hard enough to get through as it is!
Honami: Hehe. You can't resume your hero duties until you finish every last bite, okay?
Idol Heart (Haruka): Don't let her fool you, Happy Heart! I have a pretty good feeling that Mochizuki is actually...
Breaktime (Airi): Oh my, you're going to get in the way of them becoming friends again? What kind of hero are you?
Saki: Y-You're Breaktime from Devoted Evil! What are you doing here?!
Honami: She's been watching to see whether or not my evil plan would succeed.
Saki: That mask...! You're Mealmonger?!
Honami: We haven't been avoiding you because we thought things would get awkward. The real reason is that we're all villains.
Saki: What?! Wait, we?! Does that mean you and the other two are...?
Mealmonger: I'll leave these apple pies here for all of you.
Breaktime (Airi): Heroes such as yourselves wouldn't possibly let good food go to waste, right? So, you must finish them all!
Idol Heart (Haruka): Why don't we share these with the other heroes and everyone at Phoenix Wonderland...?
Saki: Y-Yeah...


9 2585:areatalk_aprilfool2025_009

[Main Street]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Mizuki Akiyama)

Codename C (Shiho): I'm cutting it close after stopping by my house. I need to hurry so that I'm not late for our CBNEL meeting.
Teardrop (Shizuku): Stop right there, Codename C. Or shall I say, Shiho Hinomori.
Codename C (Shiho): Teardrop?! What do you want all of a sudden? Also, who is this Shiho Hinomori you speak of...?
Teardrop (Shizuku): You can't fool me. I've been following you since you went home to get your villain mask.
Codename C (Shiho): What...? Following me is scary enough as it is, but how could you have possibly known that I was going home to get my mask...?
Codename C (Shiho): Wait, are you Shizuku...? You were there when I got home.
Teardrop (Shizuku): No, I am not your big sister. Although, having such an adorable little sister would make me the happiest person in the world.
Codename C (Shiho): What did you have for breakfast today...?
Teardrop (Shizuku): Rice, miso soup with tofu and some grilled salmon.
Codename C (Shiho): Thanks for being honest with me... Also, I knew that you were a hero, but I had no idea that you were Teardrop.
Cute Ribbon (Mizuki): I came to make sure she'd be okay... But you need to get to the point, Shizuku.
Cute Ribbon (Mizuki): You can do it! You became a hero to express your true feelings to Shiho, right?
Cute Ribbon (Mizuki): It's not like you to play a self-proclaimed dark hero whose powers are derived from her natural beauty...
Cute Ribbon (Mizuki): Man, I really want to lay everything out on the table for Shiho so that she doesn't get the wrong idea!


10 2586:areatalk_aprilfool2025_010

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Mafuyu: ...
Boss Noodle (Kanade): Hello... You're White Crow from the Zoorangers, yes?
Boss Noodle (Kanade): I've had a feeling for some time now that you've been on the wrong side this entire time.
Boss Noodle (Kanade): Tell me. What is your favorite food? What is your least favorite? Why don't we create a utopia for ourselves together?
Mafuyu: You're asking the wrong person since I don't know what anything tastes like. I honestly wouldn't eat if I didn't have to...
Mafuyu: So, if Coda does end up granting my wish, it would likely spell the end for humanity since all food would disappear...
Boss Noodle (Kanade): Y-Yes, that is certainly a possibility... In other words, you are our greatest threat.
Mafuyu: I was originally a villain... I'm just using my powers to help the heroes right now.
Boss Noodle (Kanade): Wait, what do you mean?
Peep Peep Rainbow (Miku-WxS): Let me explain♪
Peep Peep Rainbow (Miku-WxS): When Mafuyu initially became a villain, her wish may or may not have involved the Earth being blown to pieces☆
Peep Peep Rainbow (Miku-WxS): But she didn't want that to happen. So, she's helping the heroes right now to make sure her wish doesn't come true!
Kanade: R-Really...?
Kanade: (The Earth being blown to pieces would be a problem, but that must also mean she's really powerful...)


11 2587:areatalk_aprilfool2025_011

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi, Ena Shinonome, KAITO)

Codename E (Ena): Toya... I mean, Yes-man and Listen-to-this... We've been looking forward to today's lesson on villainy.
Yes-man (Toya): Yes... But to be honest, I'm not sure I have anything to teach E, the Destroyer, and N, the Songstress of Destruction...
Listen-to-this (KAITO-Ln): I also believe that you're both proper villains in your own right...
Codename N (Nene): Death Vegetable from Fussy Eaters started spreading this weird rumor about how my voice has destructive powers in order to make me sound more intimidating or something...
Codename E (Ena): The same goes for me. My brother is a hero, and one time we got into a small fight when I was in a bad mood... Before I knew it, the story of our fight had been blown way out of proportion.
Yes-man (Toya): I think everyone's heard by now how E crushed the mighty Orange Eagle, who rivals Pegasusman Red in strength.
Listen-to-this (KAITO-Ln): I saw that fight... I honestly couldn't believe my eyes...
Codename E (Ena): E-Enough about that! You guys are here to recommend some evil deeds to us, right?
Yes-man (Toya): That's right. Starting with you, E... What if you showed others just how liberating it is to destroy things?
Listen-to-this (KAITO-Ln): That's good since I'm sure quite a bit of people out there need an outlet for their stress. That should allow you to easily gather Coda's power...
Listen-to-this (KAITO-Ln): As for you, N... You should focus on singing since its your forte... Umm... For the same reason regarding stress....
Yes-man (Toya): I see. And if you do it right, people might join you thinking it's a flash mob, which could delay the heroes' response.
Codename N (Nene): Y-Yeah, that could work...
Codename E (Ena): Yeah... But it also seems kinda dangerous...


12 2588:areatalk_aprilfool2025_012

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Kagamine Rin)

Eater Pan: Yakisoba buns for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
Supporters: Yeah!
Death Vegetable: You can still grow tall without eating your vegetables!
Supporters: Yeah!
Boss Noodle: Fast and easy. Instant noodles are the best.
Supporters: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Rin (N25): Coda's power is gathering nicely...
Ichika: Soon, my wish of creating a world where I get to eat as many yakisoba buns as I like will be granted...
Ichika: Oh, Kamishiro. If your wish to make all vegetables disappear from this world comes true, then that would include peas, yes?
Rui: Of course. It is a major reason why you decided to help me, so I promise to make that a reality.
Ichika: Thank you very much!
Ichika: Then I'll finally be able to enjoy shumai without worrying about them. The same also goes for rice omelets.
Rin (N25): She seems really happy...
Kanade: She must really dislike peas...


13 2589:areatalk_aprilfool2025_013

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Akito: Our hero names are all supposed to involve animals with wings in some way, but I can't figure out what those are for you two, Peep Peep Rainbow, Salmon Pink...
Mafuyu: Oh, Peep Peep Rainbow was originally based on a peacock. As such, her name was “Peacock Rainbow”.
Miku (WxS): That's right♪ But I wanted a cuter name, so I had Mafuyu come up with one for me☆
Tsukasa: Alright, and yours is...
Minori: Salmon have wings! They have fins on their sides and tails!
Akito: Yeah, fins...
Minori: B-But I've heard that certain types of fish can fly!
Mafuyu: Yes, flying fish are real.
Tsukasa: So, why didn't you choose a name based on them?
Minori: B-Because...! I just love salmon that much!
Tsukasa & Miku: There's nothing we can do about that. There's nothing we can do about that☆
Akito & Mafuyu: You're okay with that? You're okay with that...?


14 2590:areatalk_aprilfool2025_014

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, Emu Otori, Megurine Luka)

Luka (MMJ): Emu, Saki, you both became heroes to grant your wish of mending things with the people you care about most, right?
Luka (MMJ): So, Haruka, what about you? What wish made you want to become a hero?
Saki: Yeah, we've never asked you that question before!
Haruka: The reason I became a hero was because of a goal rather than a wish.
Haruka: When I was working as a solo idol, some villains interrupted one of my shows. My current producer also just happened to be in the audience...
Haruka: After hearing how I didn't want those villains getting in the way of me spreading hope to everyone, he decided to make me a hero.
Saki: Really...?!
Emu: Oh, Luka! I wanna know what your wish is next!
Luka (MMJ): I don't actually have one. If anything, I just want to help the heroes around me make their wishes come true.
Luka (MMJ): Myself and the others are here to provide support to those with the right qualities. Be they heroes or villains.
Haruka: Oh, my producer told me something similar... He said, “We arrived with the meteor, and we're looking for people with that special something.”
Luka (MMJ): Did he say anything else...?
Haruka: No, but he said he'd tell me more when the time was right...
Luka (MMJ): I see. Then, let's keep waiting for that time to come.
Luka (MMJ): (Sadly, having to say goodbye to each other is never easy.)


15 2591:areatalk_aprilfool2025_015

[Main Street]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama, MEIKO)

Vividrum (An): ————!! ——————!!!!
Cafemaster (MEIKO-VBS): Alright, everyone. I'm sure your throats are parched after all that cheering. Have these drinks.
Mizuki: Nice work, An, MEIKO! You two got them to stop fighting so fast!
Shizuku: Indeed. An, MEIKO, you both managed to achieve justice through enthusiasm and relaxation, respectively.
Vividrum (An): Well, Mizuki, Shizuku, I have you two to thank for helping me come up with what I should strive for as a hero!
Cafemaster (MEIKO-VBS): Now that we each have our own “sense of justice”, we can finally do our introduction.
Teardrop: We shall achieve justice through beauty.
Cute Ribbon: Justice through cuteness♪
Vividrum (An): Justice through enthusiasm!
Cafemaster (MEIKO-VBS): Justice through relaxation.
Teardrop: For the sake of justice and our wishes.
Everyone: For One Wish! FOW!


16 2592:areatalk_aprilfool2025_016

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Airi Momoi, Toya Aoyagi, KAITO)

Airi: The reason people end up working so hard is usually because they're inspired after seeing heroes in action.
Honami: Which is why we need those heroes to relax and let loose!
Toya: Yes, using the scheme we've devised... The Heavenly Spiral to Doom!
KAITO (Ln): So, Airi, you're going to relax their sense of purpose by giving them all nice massages...
Toya: And you're going to spoil them by making delicious food for them, Mochizuki.
Airi: Once they've filled their stomachs and start feeling sleepy, KAITO, you're going to play the lullaby that Toya wrote. That should send them into a deep slumber...
KAITO (Ln): Even if they do wake up, they'll have delicious food and relaxing massages waiting for them. I think we've got all our bases covered...
Toya: I agree. That means we should be able to get them to sleep endlessly. In theory, this scheme should work on any hero.
Honami: In that case, let's go find our first target, shall we?!
Airi: Just watch, heroes! You're going to become floppier than invertebrates and lazier than sloths!


17 2593:areatalk_aprilfool2025_017

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Nene Kusanagi, Ena Shinonome, Kagamine Len)

Shiho: Phew... We should be safe here.
Len (N25): W-We did it... Our first evil deed was a success.
Kohane: Yeah, we managed to surprise a lot of people when we put those flowers on them without their permission!
Ena: I bet the ones with a strong fashion sense were the most shocked. I even managed to cover a guy in cute flowers that totally clashed with his suit.
Nene: Telling them they looked good also seemed to confuse them a lot.
Kohane: I didn't realize that we could tap into Coda's power this way too.
Shiho: The other teams are probably coming up with more effective ideas.
Len (N25): That reminds me... What should we do with the power we've already gathered from Coda? I don't have much use for it, so you girls should use it however you like...
Shiho: Honestly, I don't really have much use for it either. I'm happy as long as I get to do what I want...
Kohane: Yeah, me too. I'm also happy as long as I get to be courageous and do daring things...
Ena: To be honest, I just want an outlet for my stress.
Nene: Normally, veteran villains would start fighting among themselves at this point...
Shiho: Then, why don't we settle this by playing rock paper scissors...?
Ena: Sounds good. A winner-take-all approach does seem like something villains would go for.


18 2594:areatalk_aprilfool2025_018

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO, KAITO)

Rin (N25): Alright, let's get this meeting of Fussy Eaters supporters started...
Rin (WxS): Yay♪
Rin (N25): You understand that you're helping the villains, right...?
Rin (WxS): Yup☆ It's hard to eat foods I don't like. So, if we don't have to force ourselves anymore, that's fine by me♪
MEIKO (MMJ): Right. Instead of forcing ourselves to eat things that we don't want to, you're bound to achieve better results by eating things you want to eat!
KAITO (VBS): I mean, only eating the things you like sounds like my idea of heaven!
Miku (Ln): I would like it if this world became a place where you can eat all the things you like.
Rin (N25): (Umm... This doesn't feel like a villainous gathering. It feels more like we're just hanging out as friends...)
KAITO (VBS): I know! Why don't we take this opportunity to share our favorite foods with one another?
Rin (WxS): Then, we'll need to prepare enough for everyone to try♪
MEIKO (MMJ): Nice idea, Rin! Let's start preparing for our big sampling party!
Rin (N25): (I guess this is fine since looking forward to performing evil deeds is pretty villainous...)


19 2595:areatalk_aprilfool2025_019

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO, KAITO)

Rin (WxS): Oh, Miku, I didn't know that you liked cotton candy!
Miku (Ln): Yes, I really enjoy the fluffy texture...
Miku (Ln): But it seems a bit childish to like cotton candy this much, so I haven't really been able to tell anyone else...
MEIKO (MMJ): You can tell us. After all, we're all Fussy Eaters supporters.
KAITO (VBS): If anything, you should tell everyone about all the different types of cotton candy out there. That'll encourage everyone to exchange information with one another!
Miku (Ln): ...! You make a good point.
Miku (Ln): Especially since there are probably quite a few different types of cotton candy out there that I still don't know about.
Rin (WxS): Oh, speaking of which, I know there's one that pops and crackles in your mouth!
MEIKO (MMJ): And Airi told me about this cotton candy that's sold in vending machines!
KAITO (VBS): See? We're exchanging information already!
Miku (Ln): That's incredible... I didn't realize just how important it is to tell others about the things you like.


20 2596:areatalk_aprilfool2025_020

[Theme Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

MEIKO (WxS): Introducing new members is a key ranger trope, and they always have this fun mystique to them!
Len (Ln): Things have been going pretty well for the Zoorangers, but that is something they've been missing.
Miku (VBS): Which is why, as the Zoorangers' supporters, it is our duty to fill that gap.
Len (Ln): Still, four new rangers seems like a bit much, don't you think?
Luka (N25): I think it depends on how we go about it.
Luka (N25): For instance, if several members end up making a dramatic exit, then we have the perfect number of people to fill in for them.
Len (Ln): The perfect number? I still feel like we're going overboard...
Miku (VBS): You think so? If anything, I'm interested in seeing how it turns out since it should make for a dramatic twist.
MEIKO (WxS): But I want us to keep working together until the world becomes a safe place.
Luka (N25): Hehe. And I see no problem with us agreeing on what each of us should be doing. That should allow us to express our individual personalities better.
MEIKO (WxS): I see. Then, let's come up with a list of ideas and present them to Tsukasa and the others!


21 2597:areatalk_aprilfool2025_021

[Theme Park]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Miku (WxS): Huh? That looks like...
Luka (N25): So, about how we're going to join the Zoorangers. I think we should say we were enemy leaders. Wouldn't that make things interesting?
Miku (VBS): Yes, it would... But why would the leaders of their enemies suddenly decide to join them?
Luka (N25): Excellent question... For example, we could say that there was a rift in our ranks.
Len (Ln): In other words, the enemy of my enemy is my friend? But won't they think that we have ulterior motives?
Luka (N25): Doesn't that just make things all the more dramatic?
MEIKO (WxS): If it were up to me, I'd say that we all retired and decided to become supporters, but then we get called back to help during an emergency...!
Miku (VBS): Then, I'd like to make it so that we were rivals in some way. We were battling against the same foe, but couldn't agree on how to work together.
Len (Ln): In that case, I'll go with us not knowing them at all, but we ended up working together after a sudden turn of events led us to learning their true identities.
Miku (WxS): That sounds like such a fun show! When are you guys gonna do it?!
Len (Ln): Huh?! Miku?!
Miku (VBS): We were talking about how to go from supporting the Zoorangers to becoming their new members. We weren't discussing a show...
Miku (WxS): Oh, I bet Tsukasa and the others will also want to see it! I know! I'll go tell them about it now!
Miku (VBS): Wait! She never listens...
MEIKO (WxS): I say let her be. You're both Miku, after all.


22 2598:areatalk_aprilfool2025_022

[Music Shop]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

Rin (VBS): Miku, thank you for coming with me to today's HopeHope♡Heart supporter meeting!
Rin (VBS): I've always had some interest in idols... But I was afraid that people would say liking idols doesn't really suit me...
Miku (N25): No, don't say that... I don't know much about idols myself...
Miku (N25): But they're so dazzling... I honestly can't blame you for liking them.
KAITO (WxS): As the producer of their group, I really appreciate you saying that.
Miku (N25): Oh, KAITO, Luka...
Rin (VBS): I know that you're the producer for HopeHope♡Heart, but I'm not sure what your job is, Luka...
Luka (Ln): I'm just like you and the others, Rin. I help Saki and the others as one of their supporters.
KAITO (WxS): Not only that, she's also a candidate to become the leader of the next group which is currently in production.
KAITO (WxS): So, Miku, Rin... Would either of you be interested in becoming idols yourselves?
Rin & Miku: What?! What?


23 2599:areatalk_aprilfool2025_023

[Music Shop]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

Rin (VBS): Um, Luka...?
Luka & Luka: Yes? Yees?
Rin (VBS): Oh, um, I heard that you two were going to be a part of HopeHope♡Heart's new big sister group. Is that true?
Luka (MMJ): Yes, it's true♪
Luka (Ln): We were so excited when KAITO told us the news.
Miku (N25): But it didn't end up happening... Why is that?
KAITO (WxS): Because...
Luka (Ln): Rin coming up to talk to us is the perfect example. Because we both have the same name, we couldn't tell who she was addressing.
Luka (MMJ): Idols are supposed to respond to such calls with all their energy. Not knowing which of us is being addressed may prevent us from doing just that...
KAITO (WxS): I did suggest that they each come up with different nicknames for themselves.
Luka (MMJ): I even came up with a whole list of options♪ Lu, Luka Lop and so many more... But she got all embarrassed.
Luka (Ln): Being called that while on stage would be fine... But the Rin I know would probably start calling me by one of those names if she heard about them.
Luka (Ln): (Being called “Luka Lop” would just be so embarrassing...)


24 2600:areatalk_aprilfool2025_024

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: An Shiraishi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Rin (Ln): Hey, you guys gotta hear this! The Len from my SEKAI said that I don't have what it takes to be a dark hero!
Rin (Ln): Isn't that awful?! Yeah, I don't know much about being one, but I feel like he went too far.
MEIKO (N25): I understand what he means since you lack the required knowledge...
Len (MMJ): But that's okay. You can learn more about being a dark hero during our FOW supporter meeting.
An: He's right! I also just joined FOW, but I'm managing somehow!
An: Still, I'm a little surprised that you two decided to become FOW supporters.
MEIKO (Ln): The Luka from my SEKAI said that I should do this and how it suits me after seeing me chase after our resident runaway train.
Len (MMJ): I was already interested, but then the Rin from my SEKAI also told me this would suit me really well. So, I decided to join...
Rin (Ln): No fair. I wish someone said that to me too. So, other MEIKO, what's your story?
MEIKO (N25): I'm the one who bestowed Mizuki and the others with their powers, so I feel that I should see this through to the very end...
An: Really? I was under the impression that you were also told this suited you really well.
MEIKO (N25): I have no interest in being a hero... However, if I do happen to come across a dangerous situation, I may feel inclined to nip it in the bud.
MEIKO (Ln): (Wait, that's...)
Len (MMJ): (Exactly the kind of thing a dark hero would say...)


25 2601:areatalk_aprilfool2025_025

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

Rin (Ln): Here's the special dark hero trio born from FOW! The three MEIKOs!!!
Len (MMJ): Wow... Seeing all three of them lined up like this is sort of a sight to behold.
Rin (Ln): I know, right?! I even came up with taglines for all of you! Take a look, you three♪
MEIKO (Ln): Alright, let's see... Mine says... “My steady drumbeat will set you straight”...?
MEIKO (VBS): Mine says, “My mill will grind the evil out of you”...?
MEIKO (N25): “My icy gaze will freeze you to the core”...?
Len (MMJ): Umm... Those seem fine since they reflect their personalities pretty well.
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, while we're at it... We should come up with a line for Len too. Otherwise, it wouldn't be fair.
Len (MMJ): Huh? No, I really don't think that's necessary...
Rin (Ln): Yeah, you're right! Gimme one sec! What would be good...?
Len (MMJ): W-Wait a second. If you do come up with one, then I won't have a choice but to say it, right?
MEIKO (N25): You shouldn't let her idea go to waste.
MEIKO (VBS): I'm looking forward to hearing what you come up with.
Len (MMJ): But...
Len (MMJ): (I just hope she doesn't come up with something that's really embarrassing...)


26 2602:areatalk_aprilfool2025_026

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

Luka (WxS): Mhm... Sheep... No, I mean... One KAITO, two KAITOs, three KAITOs...
Len (VBS): Now isn't the time to be doing a head count!
Len (VBS): Seriously, why is there so much tension in the air? Aren't we supposed to be having a meeting for Devoted Evil supporters today?!
KAITO (MMJ): I'm sorry. I know things may feel a bit tense, but there's no need to worry. It's just another peaceful day for us.
Len (VBS): P-Peaceful?! But that KAITO over there looks like a real villain! He's supposed to be a supporter, right?
KAITO (N25): Direct your complaints towards him instead of me...
KAITO (Ln): I know I'm not really cut out for this... Honestly, I had no intention of becoming a villain...
KAITO (MMJ): I know. You just want to help Honami and Airi so they get to do what they want, yes?
Luka (WxS): I've been enjoying each day very much as a result. We've been having delicious food together, and they've been letting me use their laps as pillows. I've been able to take so many naps.
Luka (WxS): Is it safe for me to assume that you're here to help everyone relax and unwind, KAITO?
KAITO (N25): No. I just couldn't stand the way this “me” is always moping around...
KAITO (Ln): I'm me and you're you. What you just said seems unreasonable since we're different people...
Len (VBS): Hey, I know the saying for that! Something about fire and oil, right?!
KAITO (MMJ): I think you mean oil and water... However, what you just said may also be true...


27 2603:areatalk_aprilfool2025_027

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

Luka (WxS): Hehe. We got to have some delicious snacks again today.
Len (VBS): I think we, the supporters for Devoted Evil, are having the most fun out of all the teams.
Luka (WxS): I have to agree. Yawn... I think I'll nap until it's dinnertime...
Len (VBS): Me too... Nighty night... Zzz... Zzz...
KAITO (N25): How can they be so carefree...?
KAITO (N25): Don't they understand what's going to happen after all the Coda remaining in this city has been collected?
KAITO (MMJ): I believe they do...
KAITO (MMJ): They're likely just trying to have as much fun as they can each day so that they don't have any regrets later.
KAITO (MMJ): That other KAITO even decided to start performing evil deeds as a villain despite not having much experience doing such things. But he still chose this path because he knew what was happening...
KAITO (N25): ...
KAITO (N25): A certain someone who looks just like me apparently told a few of the heroes about how we appeared alongside that meteor...
KAITO (MMJ): But I didn't go beyond that... Actually, I didn't have the heart to tell them.
KAITO (MMJ): I really don't want to say anything until the very last minute. I mean, there's still a chance that...
KAITO (N25): No, there isn't...
KAITO (MMJ): Come on, what's wrong with dreaming a little...?


28 2604:areatalk_aprilfool2025_028

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

Codename B (Kohane): Alright, today is your chance to perform some evil deeds. CBNEL supporters, are you all mentally prepared?
Luka (VBS): Yes!
Miku (MMJ): Y-Yes...!
Rin (MMJ): U-Um, Kohane... I mean, B... What exactly are you going to have us do?
Codename B (Kohane): Your goal will be to sing and dance in a way that causes people to stop and watch. The idea is to make them late for school or work.
Len (WxS): What?! Late for school and work?!
Rin (MMJ): I-Is it really okay for us to do that...?
Miku (MMJ): We're villains, Rin! We need to perform evil deeds!
Rin (MMJ): R-Right! And we did all say that we wanted to try doing some evil deeds.
Luka (VBS): So, since we're here, let's just see what happens!
Len (WxS): Yeah! Don't knock it till you've tried it!
Codename B (Kohane): Then, let's do our chant, shall we?
Codename B (Kohane): CBNEL! GO AKUJI!
Everyone: Yeah!


29 2605:areatalk_aprilfool2025_029

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

Len (N25): Alright, umm... Let's begin our CBNEL supporter meeting...
Everyone (Miku-MMJ): Okay!
Len (N25): So, since CBNEL is a team of novice villains, I'd like for you all to share some ideas for evil deeds we could do...
Len (WxS): Does that mean you'll do any that we suggest?
Len (N25): Y-Yes... Only if it's possible for us...
Miku (MMJ): My heart always starts racing whenever I think about doing something naughty! I can't believe you're actually going to do something bad!
Rin (MMJ): Me neither! But I'm not sure how fast we can come up with ideas for evil deeds...
Len (N25): I know... So, umm... How about we start with some pranks?
Luka (VBS): Pranks? Oh, how about pretending you saw a ghost? You could say, “A spooky, white hand just touched my shoulder...!”
Len (WxS): That's easier to think of! Let's see... Uhh... What if you gave someone a truckload of shaken-up soda?!
Rin (MMJ): Oh, if we're going with drinks, then you could give someone a sports drink after telling them that it's green tea!
Miku (MMJ): Food could also be a fun option. For example, you could bring someone a rice ball that's actually a cake!
Len (N25): Wow, that's amazing... You guys just keep coming up with great ideas.
Luka (VBS): And they all sound like so much fun! Why don't we try some of them out right now?
Everyone: Yeah!


30 2606:areatalk_aprilfool2025_030

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Airi Momoi, Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

Death Vegetable (Rui): Thank you all for gathering. I'd like to show you something.
Destructor: My name is Destructor, the hero-battling robot. I am honored to finally meet all of you in the Villains' League.
Codename N (Nene): W-Wait, a robot...?! When did you...?
Death Vegetable (Rui): What's the matter, N? You're acting like you're staring at a robot that looks just like you. I'll have you know, I modeled this one after my neighbor.
Codename N (Nene): No, I... Forget it...!
Breaktime (Airi): So, what is this robot going to do for us...? She just said something about battling against heroes...
Death Vegetable (Rui): Destructor's purpose is to clear away the greatest obstacle standing between us and Coda. Those heroes.
Destructor: My laser beams will turn them into ashes.
Breaktime (Airi): This robot appearing has to mean that the final showdown is just around the corner, right...?
Death Vegetable (Rui): Yes. According to Picky here, only a sliver of Coda's power remains within the city.
Death Vegetable (Rui): And the Villains' League shall lay claim to all of it. Heh heh heh...


31 2607:areatalk_aprilfool2025_031

[Theme Park]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Minori Hanasato, Akito Shinonome, Emu Otori, Mizuki Akiyama)

Orange Eagle (Akito): Commander, is it true that the Villains' League declared war on us?
Commander Keisuke: Yes. Apparently, while performing their usual evil deeds, they managed to create a powerful robot that's specifically designed to battle against heroes.
Commander Keisuke: Which is why we also rushed to create our own robot. Her name is Evil's Bane!
Smile Heart (Emu): C-Cool! Nice to meet you, Evil's Bane!
Evil's Bane: B-Beep... Hello...
Cute Ribbon (Mizuki): Huh? She seems to be acting kinda funny...
Commander Keisuke: Apologies. Due to how rapidly we put her together, she still needs quite a few adjustments. Her deep-learning AI also requires further training.
Orange Eagle (Akito): Physical adjustments are one thing, but what do we do about her AI?
Cute Ribbon (Mizuki): We just have to keep her company until the day of the final showdown, right? We should teach her all about how we like to achieve justice and stuff!
Smile Heart (Emu): That makes sense! You're a genius, Cute Ribbon!
Cute Ribbon (Mizuki): Hehe. Not only do I like watching cute anime, I also like watching sci-fi too!
Commander Keisuke: I know it isn't going to be easy to get Evil's Bane up to speed since the villains have a massive head start on us. But I hope you'll help her.
Heroes: No problem♪ Sure thing.


32 2608:areatalk_aprilfool2025_032

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Kagamine Rin)

Rui: I'm glad that I was finally able to present her to the Villains' League.
Ichika: You did work on her for quite a while. Hehe. And it's so cute how she looks just like Kusanagi.
Kanade: But I'm still having a hard time believing that everything is going to be settled between us and the heroes during our next battle...
Rin (N25): ...
Ichika: Is something wrong, Rin...?
Rin (N25): ... You guys...
Rin (N25): You've all worked really hard until now, so please make your wishes come true...
Kanade: *Nod* Thank you for always being so supportive, Rin...
Ichika: We'll need to thank you after our wishes come true. Oh, how would you like to have yakisoba buns for breakfast, lunch and dinner?
Rin (N25): I'm willing to do that for one day...
Ichika: Really?! That's a promise
Rin (N25): *Nod*
Rin (N25): (I'm so sorry, you guys...)


33 2609:areatalk_aprilfool2025_033

[Theme Park]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Tsukasa: Everyone! Please allow me to reintroduce you all to our villain-battling robot, Evil's Bane!
Evil's Bane: Hello... My name is Evil's Bane...
Akito: She's still moving and talking in a funny way...
Minori: Umm... That means we just have to keep talking with her as much as we can, right?!
Tsukasa: Yes, let's go around and introduce ourselves! Starting with me since I'm the leader!
Mafuyu: Is it really okay for us to gather up the last remnants of Coda's power in this city...?
Miku (WxS): Yes♪ And everybody's wishes should all come true! Oh, but your wish might be difficult to grant, Mafuyu...
Mafuyu: And then we have to say goodbye to each other...
Miku (WxS): Oh, right... That other Miku already told you...
Mafuyu: You and the others arrived with that meteor... So, once all of Coda's power is used up, you'll all disappear along with it.
Miku (WxS): It makes me sad, but I'm okay with it☆ I know I'll get to see you all smile after your wishes come true♪
Miku (WxS): Promise not to tell anyone else, okay? I don't want to see everybody frowning just after having their wishes granted!
Mafuyu: I promise...
Evil's Bane: ...


34 2610:areatalk_aprilfool2025_034

[Music Shop]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, Emu Otori, Megurine Luka)

Happy Heart: Come play a happy melody with me, Happy Heart♪
Idol Heart: Come sing on stage and spread hope with me, Idol Heart!
Smile Heart: Come put on a show that makes everyone smile with me, Smile Heart!
Funny Heart: Come have fun every day with me, Funny Heart♪
Idol Heart: Our hearts can create miracles!
Everyone: HopeHope♡Heart is now on stage!
(Black cut)
Haruka: I'm glad we got a chance to do our last show before the final showdown.
Saki: I'm starting to get kinda nervous... I really don't know if I'll be able to face Hona and the others as a hero when the time comes.
Luka (MMJ): I'm sure you'll be fine. I mean, haven't you been itching to ask, “Why did you all leave me out?”
Emu: Yeah, I couldn't believe it either when I heard it wasn't just Honami who was a villain, but also Ichika and Shiho!
Saki: I know, right?! I might change my self-intro just for them and say, “I'm Angry Heart and I'm here to scold my so-called friends!”
Haruka: Hehe. That may be the best way for you to tell them exactly how you're feeling, Saki.
Emu: Oh! Hi, Evil's Bane!
Luka (MMJ): Is she here again to listen in on our conversations?
Saki: Perfect timing! You gotta hear this, Evil's Bane! My childhood friends are all...!


35 2611:areatalk_aprilfool2025_035

[Main Street]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama, MEIKO)

MEIKO (VBS): Our final showdown with the villains is just around the corner. Have you all prepared yourselves mentally?
Shizuku: I think I'm ready... But I wish I got to tell Shii the truth earlier.
An: Yeah, you mentioned how you decided to become a hero because there was something you wanted to tell Hinomori.
Shizuku: Yes, I wanted to tell her, “It's okay to be yourself because I'm sure there are people out there who will accept you for who you are”...
Mizuki: Yeah, you didn't get a chance to tell her... But Shiho is pretty sharp, so she might already know how you feel.
Shizuku: I certainly hope so... Anyway, how did you all like working with FOW?
MEIKO (VBS): I had a lot of fun. I honestly wasn't expecting to be able to put my barista skills to use as a hero.
An: I also had a lot of fun! I even got to figure out what kind of hero I want to be!
Mizuki: Same. I had tons of fun telling everyone about how great cute things are♪
An: Haha! That really is just part of who you are, huh?
MEIKO (VBS): Oh, you're...
Mizuki: Hey, Evil's Bane! What's up? Here to talk with us again today?
An: Nice timing. We were just talking about all the good we've gotten to do as heroes! You should come join us!


36 2612:areatalk_aprilfool2025_036

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Airi Momoi, Toya Aoyagi, KAITO)

Toya: Our final showdown with the heroes is nigh...
Airi: Yes, and I'm sure that we'll be battling over what's left of Coda's power in Shibuya.
KAITO (Ln): Our wishes will come true if we manage to take control of Coda...
Honami: Our wishes...
Toya: Are you still worried about Saki...?
Honami: Yes, and...
Honami: Um, KAITO...? Would it be alright if we spent today showing you our appreciation for everything you've done for us?
KAITO (Ln): Huh? Your appreciation...?
Toya: I agree. We're standing here today because of all the support you've given us, KAITO.
Airi: Yeah! So we should do everything we can to help you unwind and feel super duper relaxed!
KAITO (Ln): No, really... You don't have to...
Airi: Nonsense! Here, have a seat!


37 2613:areatalk_aprilfool2025_037

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Nene Kusanagi, Ena Shinonome, Kagamine Len)

Shiho: I started out with no experience, but this villain stuff ended up being pretty fun.
Kohane: Yeah. I also had a lot of fun being chased around by the heroes while performing evil deeds with all of you guys.
Nene: Being chased by the heroes was honestly pretty exhausting, but I do think it was all worth it in the end...
Ena: We did do a lot of stuff we wouldn't normally do.
Ena: Also, Len, thanks for putting up with everything we did. I know performing evil deeds isn't really your thing...
Len (N25): No, it's okay... I just wanted to make sure you all got to have fun...
Nene: Len...
Kohane: I know! Why don't we all spend today helping Len do all the things he wants?
Shiho: Yeah, I'm all for that.
Nene & Ena: Me too. Me three!
Len (N25): Wait, the things I want to do...?
Shiho: Come to think of it, didn't you say you wanted to visit PXL? Our resident PXL expert just happens to be here, so wanna go?
Len (N25): A-Are you sure...?
Nene: Yeah. We should still be able to ride plenty of stuff if we go now.
Len (N25): ...! Thanks, you guys...


