1 1701:areatalk_ev_band_13_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Hey! Have you guys already come up with signatures for giving autographs?!
Ichika: Huh? Autographs?
Saki: Yeah, because we might start giving them out really soon♪
Shiho: Don't we have more important things to deal with before that?
Saki: I know, but wouldn't it be exciting to already have one ready?
Honami: Autographs... Oh, that reminds me of the signed instruments we saw in that shop the other day.
Shiho: Oh, those signature models? They're made according to the same specs as the instruments used by the pros that signed them.
Saki: Really?! I didn't know that! Then, maybe someday, we'll have our own...!
Shiho: Alright, slow down. We've gotta get really famous before anything like that happens.
Saki: I know♪ We can do it! We'll be the best band in the universe♪
Ichika: That's pretty ambitious. Shouldn't we start with something like the best band in Japan first?
Honami: Hehe.


2 1702:areatalk_ev_band_13_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori)

Saki: Shiho, what do you usually do as part of your job at the live house?
Shiho: Me? Well, I usually help get the equipment ready, tear off ticket stubs, clean and take phone calls...
Saki: Really? Wait, what about the sound settings and stuff?
Shiho: Specialists who know what they're doing take care of all that. Not me.
Shiho: Oh, but I have helped with the lights before...
Saki: Nice! That means you can come up with a really cool lighting setup for our next show!
Shiho: I can, but who's gonna play the bass?
Saki: Oh...


3 1703:areatalk_ev_band_13_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

Saki: Saki... Ten... Huh...? It keeps coming out all scratchy...
Honami: Saki, is something wrong?
Saki: Hona! Perfect timing!
Saki: We have to use a ballpoint pen when signing documents and stuff, right?
Saki: But I don't really use ballpoint pens much, so I've been practicing how to sign my name in a nice, straight line...
Honami: Oh, your signature's all scratchy... Are you sure the pen's tip isn't jammed?
Saki: That's what I thought too! I tried wiping the tip, but it didn't work...
Honami: Hmm... And there still seems to be plenty of ink... Oh, I know. What if you heated the tip up a little?
Saki: I haven't tried that yet! Heh heh heh. My body's apparently warmer than most people's, so I can bring it back to life myself! With a big squeeeze♪
Honami: Saki, wait! If you do that, your hands are going to get covered in ink...!


4 1704:areatalk_ev_band_13_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, MEIKO)

Saki: MEIKO, you're such a cool and reliable person. You totally fit the bill of a senior♪
Saki: Do you think I could be like that if I tried hard enough?
MEIKO: I'm sure you'd make a wonderful senior, so there's no need to worry. I mean, you're such an approachable person.
Saki: Wait, I am?!
MEIKO: Yes. Not only that, you're a great listener and have this way of putting smiles on the faces of those around you!
MEIKO: And I'm sure you'd be able to take good care of your juniors.
Saki: Yeah! I'd totally jump to their aid if they ever asked for my help.
Saki: Wait, no...! Wouldn't that be spoiling them...?!
MEIKO: Shiho's stern attitude should more than make up for that, so I say dote on them all you like.
Saki: Oh, you're right! Then, I can be a senior that's always nice to her juniors♪


5 1705:areatalk_ev_band_13_005

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

Rin: Oh, MEIKO, do you know any good rhythm exercises? If so, can you teach me♪
MEIKO: Sure, but why this all of a sudden?
Rin: It's not sudden! Sakki and the girls are working hard to go pro, aren't they? So, I thought I should follow their example♪
MEIKO: I see. Then, how about we start with something simple...
Shiho: Um... Would you mind also showing me?
Rin: Oh! Hi, Shih♪
MEIKO: Welcome, Shiho. I don't mind, but you may already know it.
Shiho: That's fine. I know how important the fundamentals are, so it'll be a nice review.
Rin: Oh, hear that?! The fundamentals are really important! Nice one, Shih!
MEIKO: That's a good mindset. Which means I'll have to do my best as well!


6 1739:areatalk_monthly2305_004

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, KAITO)

KAITO: Oh, Shiho, you're already here... Are you practicing by yourself?
Shiho: Yes, I want to warm up a little before Ichika and the others get here. Were you also practicing, KAITO...?
KAITO: Yes. Len was originally supposed to join me... But he forgot that he agreed to practice with Rin first, and she dragged him away...
Shiho: Oh, that explains a lot... I actually just saw them in one of the other classrooms.
Shiho: Len seemed really apologetic towards her. I almost never see him that way... I see, so that was over a promise.
KAITO: He doesn't like to break them...
Shiho: Hehe. He's so honest.


7 1753:areatalk_monthly2306_003

[School SEKAI - School]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kagamine Len)

Saki: Len, can you handle sour stuff?
Len: Hm? Yeah, sure... Why do you ask?
Saki: So, I got these potato chips that are supposed to be super sour. I was wondering if you'd have some with me♪
Len: Are they any good...?
Saki: Don't worry! I mean, they managed to get onto store shelves, so they must be!
Len: Hmm... Alright, I'll bite. It might be fun to try...
Saki: Really?! Thanks, Len! Ichi and the others ran off on me, so I wasn't sure what I would do.
Len: Wait, what...? That means they must be terrible, doesn't it?
Saki: Oh, don't be such a wet blanket! You haven't even tried them yet! Come on, bon appetit♪


