1 1317:areatalk_ev_street_07_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

An: Flyers for music events always look so pretty and stylish, don't you think?
Kohane: Yeah. I'm always amazed by how these photos really draw out a person or team's personality.
An: Their photos, huh? Hehe. I guess you can't help but focus on that, huh?
Kohane: Yeah, I like figuring out how things are framed or angled. Also, are these taken by professionals? 
An: No, not always. Some teams know people that are good with a camera, like you, and ask them to take these.
Kohane: I didn't know that! I wanna try taking photos of you guys if we ever get this kind of chance, An!
An: I'd like that too! But keep in mind that you'll also need to be in them for it to be an official Vivid BAD SQUAD photo!
Kohane: Oh, you're right! Hehe...


2 1318:areatalk_ev_street_07_002

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome)

Kohane: *Sigh* What should I do...?
Akito: Hm? Hey, what brings you here?
Kohane: Oh, Shinonome! I was just trying to pick out some clothes...
Akito: Clothes?
Kohane: Yeah. The top that the store over there has on display looks really cool, but...
Akito: If you're worried about how you'll look in it, I think you'll be fine.
Akito: From what I can tell, it should go pretty well with the outfit you've been wearing for shows.
Kohane: Y-You think so?!
Akito: That's just my opinion. Also, you don't have to rush to purchase, so why not just come back and try seeing what else it might go with?
Kohane: Yeah, I think I will! Thank you so much, Shinonome!


3 1319:areatalk_ev_street_07_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: Azusawa, what's the name of the drink you always order at Weekend Garage? You know, the one that sounds like you're casting some sort of spell?
Kohane: You mean, A cafe mocha with whipped cream, chocolate chips and extra caramel sauce...?
Toya: Yes, that. I'll need to write it down so I don't mix it up when I'm ordering...
Kohane: I don't think I've ever seen you show interest in anything other than straight blends.
Toya: I'm just trying to find ways to expand my horizons, so I'd like to try something different for a change.
Toya: It'll also be two birds with one stone since I'll get a chance to see what my teammate likes while also seeing what it's like from your point of view.
Kohane: Oh, I see!
Kohane: (Hehe. That's so like him.)


4 1320:areatalk_ev_street_07_004

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

Toya: I wasn't expecting any of Weekend Garage's equipment to misbehave like this...
An: Sorry, guys. I had a feeling that something might be wrong...
Kohane: It's not your fault, An. You don't have to apologize.
Akito: I mean, we can always just go find a karaoke place to practice if push comes to shove.
Akito: Also, can that thing be fixed?
An: Not sure. Most of our stuff's pretty old, so it'll probably be easier to just replace it instead of trying to fix it.
Toya: That's a shame... It was able to produce a sound with so much presence to it too.
Kohane: On top of that, your dad used it when he was still active on the scene, right, An?
An: Yeah, he cared a lot about it. But I also know that he wants everyone to enjoy the best sound possible, so he might be willing to budge.
Kohane: Okay...
An: Oh, what if we hit it a few times? That works with really old stuff, right? We could give that a try when we get back today.
Akito: No way. That's how you break the camel's back.
An: True...


5 1321:areatalk_ev_street_07_005

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

Kohane: Huff... Huff... How was that?
Len: That was amazing! You got me super pumped!
Len: But I had kind of a hard time seeing the image that you saw...
Kohane: I see...
Miku (VBS): Having an image in your own head is one thing, but getting someone on the same wavelength as you isn't exactly easy.
Kohane: Still, if I do manage to succeed at that, it'll be proof that I've grown just that much, so I've gotta keep trying.
Len: Yeah! You go, girl!
Miku (VBS): Not only did we get to see where RAD WEEKEND happened, we even got to see a video of it.
Miku (VBS): We should be feeling just as motivated as her.


6 1322:areatalk_ev_street_07_006

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

Akito: Luka, what do you usually do when you're not at MEIKO's place?
Luka: I'm usually wandering around SEKAI.
Luka: Even if it's somewhere I'm already familiar with, I find it fun to just keep walking and walking.
Rin: But we kinda want you to visit more. I've been meaning to ask you for some more advice concerning music.
Luka: Oh, really? Why don't you ask me now?
Rin: Actually... Miku already helped me with my most recent question.
Luka: Oh, that's unfortunate...
Akito: And you're really just out wandering around when you're not at the cafe, huh?
Luka: Haha. That's right.
Luka: Hm? Hang on... That doesn't exactly put me in a good light, does it?
Akito & Rin: ...
Luka: D-Don't clam up like that! Say something, you two!


7 1323:areatalk_ev_street_07_007

[Street SEKAI - Cafe]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO, KAITO)

Toya: Mmm... MEIKO, is there ever a time when your coffee isn't delicious?
MEIKO: That means quite a lot coming from one of my regulars.
MEIKO: Especially since a certain other regular never gives me any compliments despite being a total coffee snob.
KAITO: Are you referring to me?
KAITO: I never say anything because your coffee's so delicious that it leaves me speechless, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Oh, is that so...?
KAITO: Yes, but I will say something if I sense that something isn't quite right.
MEIKO: That just means you're a pest.
KAITO: What?! Did you hear that, Toya?!
Toya: Yes. Being able to deal with a heckler with such grace is proof that she's the boss.
Toya: That's not something I'm able to do myself, so I stand to learn quite a lot from her.
KAITO: Huh? O-Okay...?
MEIKO: Hehe. Can I get you a refill, Toya?
Toya: Yes, please.


