1 1657:areatalk_aprilfool2023_001

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Ichika: The entrance ceremony for the MIKUdemy is really happening. I'm looking forward to seeing what it has to offer academically.
Saki: Yeah, same♪ It's supposed to be a world-famous music school, right?
Miku (Ln): Anyone who hopes to make a name for themself as a musician dreams of going there. At least, that's apparently how it's seen abroad...
Honami: To think that such a prestigious school would suddenly open a new campus in the middle of Shibuya. I'm still having trouble believing it.
Shiho: I think us being allowed to enroll is the bigger surprise here. I mean, seriously... What was with those admission letters?
Saki: They really just appeared in the mail one day! And we're on a quest to find out what's going on, starting with attending the entrance ceremony!
Saki: Imagine that as the plot of a TV show!
Ichika: Oh, Saki.
Miku (Ln): I also heard that you'll be able to find “something special” by attending...
Saki: Hey, that sounds fun! That means we've gotta do our best to find “something special” while we're there.
Miku (Ln): Yes, I hope you enjoy yourselves!


2 1658:areatalk_aprilfool2023_002

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Minori: Th-This is it! The entrance ceremony for the MIKUdemy! M-M-M-My heart's racing so fast!
Airi: Geez, you're a nervous wreck. We were all invited to attend, so you should act like you belong here.
Shizuku: Still, Miku, I sort of couldn't believe it when you said, “You've all been invited to study at the MIKUdemy.”
Haruka: Me neither... Does this mean you know somebody at the MIKUdemy?
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Well... That's private♪ My little secret♪
Haruka: I see... I suppose it is rude to ask about an idol's private life.
Airi: Anyway, we've gotta make the most of this opportunity since the main campus abroad has produced so many world-class idols!
Shizuku: I'm also looking forward to seeing who else will be attending.
Haruka: Me too. We may stand to learn quite a bit from both our classes and our classmates.
Miku (MMJ): I'm sure you'll all have a wonderful year there. So, I wish you the best♪
Minori: Thanks! Let's go!


3 1659:areatalk_aprilfool2023_003

[Scramble Crossing]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

Len: Here we are! The train ride over was really fun!
Rin: The subway thing Minori and the others told us about was also super-duper fun♪
KAITO: Hehe. It was above ground one second and below ground the next. It was almost like a ride at an amusement park.
MEIKO: Yes, it was. It also felt like a puzzle since we took left on one train line, came back on a different one, and ended up back in Shibuya.
Luka: I agree. The others from my SEKAI will definitely enjoy hearing all about this.
Rin: By the way, where's Miku? I heard that we're supposed to meet her at the school...
Luka: Oh, she should already be with the owners of these feelings. She said that they might like her to be there with them since it'll be everyone's first time going to this school.
Len: I've heard what it's like, but it's also gonna be my first time seeing it for myself. I can't wait to get there.
KAITO: I'm actually not sure if I should be there as a student.
Luka: Oh, why's that? I think your uniform suits you rather nicely.
MEIKO: I'm glad that we get to be students. I'll have a chance to establish much closer relationships with everyone compared to when I'm running my cafe.
Len: Oh, the light just turned green! We gotta go, KAITO!
KAITO: Huh...?! W-Wait, there's no need to hurry...
MEIKO: Len, slow down! He's not our KAITO. You need to be more...um...gentle?
Rin: Hehe. Going to school's gonna be so much fun♪


4 1660:areatalk_aprilfool2023_004

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku)

Kohane: Wow! This is the MIKUdemy...?! Th-That statue! It looks kind of like Miku!
An: Well, take away the beard and hat, and it'd actually be her, right? Also, this school's run by Miku?
Toya: No, “MIKUdemy” is just another name for it. I heard that its official name is something else...
Akito: More importantly, we have a goal to accomplish here. We need to find whoever sent us that letter challenging us...
Miku (VBS): That might be easier said than done... Didn't it just say, “I'll be waiting for you at the MIKUdemy”...?
Kohane: Yeah, and it even included admission letters.
An: Maybe that means we're supposed to enroll as students and wait for them to contact us?
Toya: I suppose so... Unfortunately, it's difficult to say what this person's goal is.
Toya: It's common in novels for characters to do what the antagonist expects while probing what their motives are...
Akito: Yeah, true...
Miku (VBS): An, Akito, please be sure to actually study.
An: Of course! Making music all day sounds like my idea of heaven!
Toya: Hm? I could've sworn that we had to attend some lectures and take tests... Does she think that she only has to take singing classes?
Kohane: Haha... I guess that's too good to be true...


5 1661:areatalk_aprilfool2023_005

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku)

Tsukasa: Here we are! The MIKUdemy!
Emu: Oh, hey, look! There's a bronze statue of that Miku we met the other day!
Nene: The really sketchy one? She's seriously the principal of this school...?
Rui: Yes, that's quite a surprise. To think saving that “Miku” from a gutter she'd gotten herself stuck in would lead to us enrolling here as students.
Miku (WxS): I know, right☆ And, on top of being a school for acting and singing, you can learn lots and lots of stuff about producing shows!
Nene: Yeah, I'd heard of this school... But I can't believe I get to be a student here!
Tsukasa: Look...! Nene's eyes are twinkling!
Emu: Oh, I wanna do that too♪ Twinkle-twinkle-twinkle☆
Rui: Hehe. Nene and Emu certainly seem very excited about this opportunity.
Tsukasa: We have to match their efforts!
Emu: Oh, do you guys wanna do the twinkly eye thing too?!
Tsukasa: How did you land on that?!
Miku (WxS): You guys, you guys, you got this♪ We'll all be rooting for you☆
Rui: Thank you, Miku. We'll head in now.


6 1662:areatalk_aprilfool2023_006

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (N25): This is the school...
Kanade: So, it's called the MIKUdemy because its official name is abbreviated as “MIKU”...?
Mizuki: Oh, that's apparently only for Japan because it rolls off the tongue so nicely.
Mafuyu: Technically, this place is a “university” rather than an “academy”.
Ena: Hm... And, Miku, someone you know at this school recommended that we come here?
Miku (N25): Yes... Apparently, you can study many different things here.
Ena: Yeah, they did seem to offer a lot just based on the curriculum I saw. They even offer classes on set design for musicals.
Mizuki: Yeah, and cinematography classes! I can't wait to check them out♪
Kanade: I'm looking forward to refreshing my knowledge of music as well.
Mafuyu: Me too...
Kanade & Miku: ...
Mizuki: Alright, since we all get to go to the same school, we gotta have fun and make the most of this opportunity♪


7 1663:areatalk_aprilfool2023_007

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Kanade Yoisaki)

Ichika: Oh...
???: Ahem... Ahh, ahh...
???: Hello, everyone! Welcome to the MIKUdemy! I have been eagerly waiting for you to all arrive for so long that I've been lightheaded with anticipation.
Students: L-Light?
Students: That head doesn't look light...
Principal Mikudayo: Anyway, I am Principal Mikudayo. Please feel free to also call me Ms. Dayo.
Principal Mikudayo: This school's core tenets are “respecting one's peers”, “being creative and original” and “challenging oneself”.
Principal Mikudayo: You all have your reasons for enrolling in the MIKUdemy. However, one thing I can say for certain is that all of you love to express yourselves through music.
Principal Mikudayo: Your time here will be short. Only one year... But I am sure that you will all become wonderful friends.
Principal Mikudayo: Now, it is time for you to all break into your classes.
Principal Mikudayo: To see which class suits you best, you will each be putting on my head.
Students: Your head?!
Principal Mikudayo: Hah hah hah. Just kidding.
Principal Mikudayo: The class rosters should already be posted in the corridor. So, let's go take a look♪


8 1664:areatalk_aprilfool2023_008

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shizuku Hinomori, Toya Aoyagi)

Ichika: Oh, Shizuku and... Aoyagi, yes? I'm Ichika Hoshino.
Toya: I'm looking forward to being your classmate.
Shizuku: Hehe. I also couldn't be happier that we're in the same class, Ichika.
Shizuku: That just leaves... Someone named Otori, Yoisaki... Oh, and Miku.
Ichika: Yes, I can't believe that I get to be in the same class as Kanade.
Ichika: (Also, Miku... I thought I saw her during the entrance ceremony, but she wasn't the Miku I'm used to seeing. She seemed much quieter...)
Toya: Are you and this Yoisaki person already well acquainted? If so, would you mind introducing us to her?
Ichika: Yes, of course. We can try talking to her in a little bit.


9 1665:areatalk_aprilfool2023_009

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Emu Otori, Kanade Yoisaki, Hatsune Miku)

Kanade: Let's see... Oh, here we are. Miku, we're in the same class.
Miku (N25): *Nod* I'm glad we're together.
Kanade: Me too. Hoshino's in our class too... Also...
Emu: Good morning☆
Kanade & Miku: Wah...!
Emu: I'm Emu Otori! Long time no see! We're all in the Pure Heart class☆ I'm really looking forward to us being classmates♪
Miku (N25): Pure Heart...?
Emu: Each class has its own name. Ours is the Pure Heart class! Isn't it cute? Maybe we'll get to transform into superheroes or something♪
Miku (N25): Transform...?
Emu: It happens in that one anime where...♪ Wait, have you not seen it before?
Miku (N25): No, I don't think I have...
Emu: Then, wanna come over to my house sometime? We can start from the first episode and watch them all! There's also this other series where...
Emu: Oh, the bell just rang. We can talk more about this later!
Miku (N25): She invited me over to her house... Does this mean I'm friends with her now...?
Kanade: Yes, I believe so.


10 1666:areatalk_aprilfool2023_010

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

Nene: Thank goodness... Someone I know. I-I'm glad we're in the same class.
Shiho: Me too. Oh...
Akito: Hey, are you two also in the...Solid Heart class?
Shiho: Yeah. Isn't your sister also supposed to be in our class...?
Akito: Don't ask me. I didn't see anything about that...
Shiho: I sorta get how you feel. I'm scared of what would happen if I were in the same class as my sister...
Akito: *Sigh* Right? Seriously, who came up with these rosters...?
Akito: Also, what's with this class name? Solid Heart...? It's so lame...
Shiho & Nene: I'm with you there. I totally agree.


11 1667:areatalk_aprilfool2023_011

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Ena Shinonome, KAITO)

Ena: Achoo...!
Airi: Oh, what an adorable sneeze. Someone must be talking about you behind your back.
Ena: That's gotta be Akito. I bet he's griping about how we were put into the same class. I mean, I didn't ask for this either.
KAITO: Hello, I'm KAITO. I believe we're in the same class. I'm looking forward to being your classmate.
Ena: What?! KAITO?! Wait, hold on... You seem way different compared to...
KAITO: Oh, do you know someone who looks just like me?
Ena: Y-Yeah, but... The person I know is a lot pricklier and doesn't really smile...
KAITO: Oh, he's a distant relative of mine. It is fairly common for my family members to have similar facial features.
Airi: Oh, is that true? I was also just thinking that I happen to know someone who looks just like you.
KAITO: If you don't mind, I'd like to hear more about them. It may help me figure out who they are.
Airi: Yes, of course!


12 1668:areatalk_aprilfool2023_012

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Saki Tenma, An Shiraishi, Kagamine Rin)

Rin: Okay, here we go♪
Rin: Rin Riiin♪ Delivery!
Saki & An: What could it be?
Rin: It's Kagamine Rin with a package full of smiles♪
An: Wow, that's adorable! I can see why she's an idol!
Saki: Yeah, me too! But it would be pretty hard for me to do a self-intro like the one she just did...
An: What if you introduced yourself the way your brother does? You know, that spiel he gives? The one that sounds like he's running for office!
Saki: Oh, right! So, if I replace his name with mine...
Saki: Tenma, written as “soaring pegasus”! Saki, meaning to bloom with hope! I am Saki Tenma...! Something like that♪
Rin: That was amazing! I really liked it!
Saki: Hehe. I'm not sure how I feel about doing that in front of the others. It might be really embarrassing...
An: Yeah...
An: First impressions are really important, so I guess something normal would be better.
Saki: Definitely.


13 1669:areatalk_aprilfool2023_013

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Kagamine Len)

Mizuki: Hey, did you see what our class is called? We're the Passionate Heart class!
Rui: Hehe. It suits us well in one sense, but not so well in another...
Mizuki: You think so? I think it totally suits the current you.
Len: Heya! Are you two also in the Passionate Heart class? Nice to meet you! I'm Kagamine Len!
Minori: I'm Minori Hanasato! Kamishiro, Mizuki, I'm looking forward to spending this upcoming year with you guys!
Mizuki: N-No way! Minori, we're in the same class?!
Mizuki: Whoa, it's true! Here's your name! My name usually comes first alphabetically, so I didn't look any lower!
Minori: It must be nice to have a name that's easy to find. It always takes me so long to find my own name that I get nervous every time.
Len: Hmm... My name's also pretty easy to find...
Len: But I think it must be fun to have a name that takes time to find. If I were you, I'd get more and more excited as I saw who was in my class!
Rui: I see...
Rui: (My last name is also comparatively easier to find, which I always felt was very convenient.)
Rui: (When I was little, joining a new class never felt particularly life-changing. However...)
Mizuki: I think I agree with Len... I mean, I got all giddy just now after seeing the name of someone I know.
Rui: Hehe. We may not have made such a profound discovery anywhere else.
Mizuki: Yeah.


14 1670:areatalk_aprilfool2023_014

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Mafuyu Asahina, Megurine Luka)

Tsukasa: Hmm... I've been placed in the Cautious Heart class with Honami and Azusawa, it seems.
Mafuyu: It's been quite a while. Um, Tenma, yes...? I'm Mafuyu Asahina. It's nice to see you again.
Tsukasa: Ah, you helped Rui that one time! Yes, it's very nice to see you again!
Tsukasa: Also... Hm? Um, Luka...?
Luka: Hehe. That's my name. It's nice to meet you, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: (What is going on here...? She looks just like the Luka I'm used to seeing, but she doesn't look sleepy at all. Is she a different person with the exact same name?)
Tsukasa: (Wait...! Wh-What if she's her doppelganger...?!)
Mafuyu: Speaking of which, Luka, have you ever seen anyone who looks just like you?
Tsukasa: What?! Asahina, does that mean you also know a different Luka?! This one's not some sort of doppelganger, is she?!
Mafuyu: Huh? A doppelganger?
Luka: Hehe. Not to worry. There are actually at least four others with the same name who look just like me.
Mafuyu: Four? That's unbelievable...
Tsukasa: W-Wow... I guess it's not as uncommon as I thought for multiple people to look similar and have the same name...


15 1671:areatalk_aprilfool2023_015

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, MEIKO)

Kohane: It's so nice to see so many familiar faces... Honami, Haruka, MEIKO, I'm glad you're all here.
MEIKO: Likewise. But now, I get to be your classmate instead of the owner of your favorite cafe. This is so exciting.
MEIKO: Also, did you all notice that our class is named the Cautious Heart class?
Honami: Yes, I suppose it refers to careful, deliberate and discreet personalities...
Haruka: Does this mean our class consists of people with similar characteristics...?
Kohane: Haha. I'd say I'm more timid than I am cautious...
MEIKO: Oh? Are you sure you're allowed to say that after putting on such a stellar opening performance during that event you all put on?
Kohane: What?! B-But... I did that because I was asked to...
Haruka: Hehe. I think Brave Heart would've been a better choice over Cautious Heart.
Haruka: I know exactly how you feel... It also suits you very well, Mochizuki.
Honami: It does? Then, I'm glad.


16 1672:areatalk_aprilfool2023_016

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku)

Toya: Hinomori, Miku, hello. May I ask what you two are reading?
Shizuku: It's a picture book that I brought from home. Miku says she enjoys reading these very much.
Miku (N25): It was very heartwarming. I'm so glad that the little black fish was able to make so many friends in the end.
Toya: Ah, I remember reading that one over at a friend's house.
Toya: Actually, would you be interested in something more interactive? For example, there are these books where you look for the protagonist or their things...
Shizuku: Oh, those books! They're so much fun when you go through them with your friends.
Miku (N25): Books like that exist...? I'd like to try one.
Toya: Okay. Then, I'll bring over some of the ones we have at my house.
Miku (N25): Thank you. I can't wait...


17 1673:areatalk_aprilfool2023_017

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Emu Otori, Kanade Yoisaki)

Ichika: This class on folk musical instruments is turning out to be more interesting than I realized. The lecture we had the other day on “Intriguing Instruments” was good, but I really enjoyed today's lecture on “Woodwinds of the World”.
Emu: Hehe. We even got to try some out. That was so much fun!
Kanade: I enjoyed that as well, and learned quite a lot. It was interesting to hear how the materials that are available for use vary by region and lead to distinctly different sounds even when playing the same scale.
Ichika: I agree. You really opened my eyes when you pointed that out, Kanade.
Emu: You really have super-duper good ears, Yoisaki☆
Kanade: No, I noticed that by accident. If anything, Aoyagi seemed to know a lot more about those kinds of instruments than me.
Ichika: Oh, that's right. He mentioned how he was being classically trained before switching to street music. Could that be why...?
Kanade: Maybe. If possible, it'd be nice to talk more about music and instruments as a group.


18 1674:areatalk_aprilfool2023_018

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Nene Kusanagi, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Nene, thanks for giving me those pointers on how to sing better. I was able to have an amazing time during singing class because of you.
Nene: Oh, I'm glad I could help... But you were already a pretty good singer.
Shiho: Yeah, I sorta couldn't believe it since I heard you're in charge of illustrations for your music group.
Ena: I mean, we also sing our own songs, so we need to be a little good, you know?
Ena: While we're on the subject, Shiho, you're also a really good singer.
Shiho: I am? I never thought of myself as a good singer. I mean, Ichika's the lead vocalist for our band...
Nene: (I thought she was good too... I wanna ask how she practices... But this also doesn't seem like the right time to jump into their conversation...)
Ena: (Oh, Nene seems kinda anxious... Does this mean...?)
Ena: Nene, is there something you wanna ask her?
Nene: Huh?! Y-Yeah, um, kinda...
Ena: Hehe. I knew it! You should take this opportunity to just ask. Right, Shiho?
Shiho: Yeah, I'll try to answer as best I can.
Nene: O-Okay...! Ena, Hinomori, I really appreciate it.


19 1675:areatalk_aprilfool2023_019

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Akito Shinonome, KAITO)

KAITO: Akito looks so baffled watching Ena interact with the others...
Airi: Hehe. I think I sorta know why.
Airi: I have a feeling that he's a little confused by the way she's acting like a reliable, older sibling.
Akito: A little? No, I feel more than a little confused...
KAITO: I see. By the way, how does she behave usually?
Akito: She's a selfish, domineering brute who uses me as her personal alarm clock and forces me to fetch stuff for her from the convenience store.
KAITO: Haha... A brute, eh...?
Airi: Ena never changes, huh? If you want, Akito, I can say something to her for you...
Akito: Yes, please.


20 1676:areatalk_aprilfool2023_020

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Saki Tenma, An Shiraishi, Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Len)

Saki: Apparently, there's gonna be a ball sports competition where all the classes compete against each other♪ I can't wait to see what the events are!
Rui: Based on what I've heard, it won't involve many physical sports since they want everyone to feel comfortable participating.
An: Really?! Hmm... I hope they have basketball, but I won't hold my breath since there's a risk of people jamming their fingers...
Len: Oh, if they have it, I'm totally gonna play soccer! And win for sure!
Rui: Hehe. Since you have victory on your mind, Len, maybe I should also choose an event where I can claim victory.
Saki: Oh, then I'm gonna choose an event that I have a shot at claiming victory in too♪
An: Haha. You just wanted to try saying that, right, Saki?
Saki: Hehe. Too obvious?
Len: Still, I also can't wait to see what events they're actually gonna have! I'm already super excited about it!
Rui: Hehe. As am I. For now, let's look forward to the announcement.


21 1677:areatalk_aprilfool2023_021

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Mizuki Akiyama, Kagamine Rin)

Minori: That lecture on the history of idols was so interesting!
Rin: Yeah! They covered so many different song melodies, lyrics and costumes! I learned so much!
Mizuki: Same! I wasn't sure about taking this class at first since it was about “history”, but I'll never say no to that kind of history lesson!
Mizuki: Also, the homework they assigned seems kinda tough, but really fun at the same time!
Rin: Yeah, we're supposed to think about what it's gonna mean to be an “idol” ten years from now♪
Minori: Ten years in the future... I mean, idols will probably still be singing and dancing on stage... But I'm not sure how things are gonna change...
Rin: Really? I was just going to think about what you'll be like ten years from now, Minori♪
Minori: M-Me?! In ten years?!
Mizuki: Oh, yeah! By that time, MMJ might be a legendary idol group that everyone loves!
Minori: Wh-What?! Th-That'd be great, but... A legendary idol group...? In ten years...? I mean... Hehehe...
Rin: Hehe. Minori's so adorable♪
Mizuki: I know, right? So heartwarming...


22 1678:areatalk_aprilfool2023_022

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Haruka Kiritani, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Luka: Hey, Honami, we're classmates now, so there's no need for you to be so formal with me.
Honami: B-But...
MEIKO: Hm? It's rare of you to put Honami on the spot like this, Luka.
Luka: Yes, but these sorts of opportunities don't come around very often, you know...?
Haruka: I think I understand why Mochizuki's feeling a little shy. The MEIKO I know sometimes asks me to call her MEI for short...
Haruka: But I'm somewhat hesitant since I'm not used to calling her by a nickname.
MEIKO: MEI...?
Luka: See? It sounds completely different from what you're usually called on a day-to-day basis, no?
MEIKO: Yes. I think I'm starting to feel a little jealous of this other MEIKO.
Haruka: You are...? Then...
Haruka: Hello, MEI.
MEIKO: *Gasp* Thank you, Haruka! Hehe. I feel this happy tingle running through me.
Luka: What? No fair, MEIKO. Honami, please, just once...
Honami: Okay, then... Um... Thanks for everything, Luka. Besties...?
Luka: Oh, not at all. Thank you.


23 1679:areatalk_aprilfool2023_023

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku)

Mafuyu: Everyone seems to feel right at home at the MIKUdemy now.
Tsukasa: Yes, and I've been hearing quite a lot of chatter about this ball sports competition.
Kohane: I'm looking forward to seeing what events we get to do. Oh, but... We still don't know anything about who challenged us. Should we start asking around...?
Mafuyu: Huh? Someone challenged you?
Kohane: Yes, someone sent us this letter challenging us. It also had admission letters attached, and that's why we enrolled in this school.
Tsukasa: Really?! I was under the impression that you were also invited to enroll here after saving Miku...
Mafuyu: So, we all arrived here under different circumstances...
Mafuyu: But that letter challenging you... If it also included admission letters, it could've only come from the desk of a select number of people, no?
Tsukasa: She's right... Doesn't that make Ms. Dayo your prime suspect?
Kohane: What?! Principal Mikudayo?! You think she sent that to us?! B-But why?!
Tsukasa: Why...? Hmm...
Mafuyu: I don't think there's any need for concern. I mean, we've all been able to live normal lives as students so far...
Kohane: True. And the others seem to really be enjoying their time here.
Kohane: (Still, I can't help but wonder...)


24 1680:areatalk_aprilfool2023_024

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Hatsune Miku)

Toya: The events for the ball sports competition have been announced at last. Miku, Yoisaki, do you know which you'd like to be in?
Miku (N25): No, not yet... I've never done most of these sports before.
Kanade: I don't usually exercise or play sports. I also don't have much stamina, so I'll probably try doing dizzy bat penalty kicks.
Toya: Oh, where you spin ten times and try to shoot a soccer ball...? That'll certainly make you dizzy, but even someone as unathletic as me may be able to...
Miku (N25): Oh, Toya, are you also not very good at sports...?
Toya: Yes, to tell you the truth... Ball sports in particular are my Achilles' heel. I'm just hoping that I don't hold us all back...
Kanade: Me too...
Miku? (Miku-WxS): All of you sound veeery worried☆
Kanade: Huh?! M-Miku...?
Miku? (Miku-WxS): No! I am not Miku!
Miku? (Miku-WxS): I'm the mysterious helper, here to make the ball sports competition lots of fun for you guys♪ So that you'll do awesome during your events, I'm gonna train you all♪
Toya: Train us? I see. This school does everything it can so that its students will succeed.
Kanade: Yes, I was going to choose an event that I thought I might be able to do, but I still had my concerns.
Miku (N25): So, I'll be able to do well during the competition...?
Miku? (Miku-WxS): Of course♪ As long as we do our best together☆


25 1681:areatalk_aprilfool2023_025

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shizuku Hinomori, Emu Otori)

Ichika: Hmm... Futsal, table tennis, kickball... And dizzy bat penalty kicks...?
Shizuku: Hehe. “Dizzy bat” as in pressing a bat against your forehead and spinning yourself around?
Ichika: I think so. There's also a ping pong ball race...?
Emu: Oh, I heard about that one! It's a relay race where everyone carries ping pong balls in ladles and runs to pass them to their teammates♪
Shizuku: Oh, that sounds like fun. I'd like to participate in that.
Ichika: Hmm... A relay race with ping pong balls in ladles... I'm not very nimble, so I don't think I'll do very well in that one...
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm sure you'll do very well in one of the more physically-involved events.
Emu: Yeah, she's right♪ Ichika, wanna enter into the kickball event together?!
Ichika: The kickball event...? I've never played before, but it sounds fun. Sure.
Emu: Yay! Then, let's gather up the others after school so we can practice together♪
Ichika: Okay! Thank you, Otori.


26 1682:areatalk_aprilfool2023_026

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Airi Momoi, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

KAITO: Um, I'm here for table tennis practice. Is it just us three for today...?
Airi: Yeah, but we'll just have to do what we can since not everyone's decided which events they want to be in yet.
Shiho: True. So, in the meantime, why don't we just practice with whoever shows up each day?
Miku? (Miku-VBS): It sounds like you need some help. Would you like it if I joined in for your practice?
Airi: Huh?! Miku?! Is that you...?!
Miku? (Miku-VBS): Maybe, maybe not.
Miku? (Miku-VBS): My job here is to help make the ball sports competition enjoyable for all of you. So, I'll be more than happy to practice with you.
KAITO: That's very nice of you. We were just wondering how to practice playing doubles with just three of us.
Shiho: By the way, have you ever played table tennis before...?
Miku? (Miku-VBS): No, but I've never lost a game of hanetsuki.
Shiho: H-Hanetsuki? That might translate over to badminton, but table tennis...?
Airi: To be fair, we're also beginners, so let's try to learn as much as we from her together! Thanks for joining us!
Miku? (Miku-VBS): You can count on me.


27 1683:areatalk_aprilfool2023_027

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Nene, do you know which event you wanna be in for the ball sports competition?
Nene: Well, I'm not very athletic, so I was thinking about doing dizzy bat penalty kicks...
Ena: You are? Hmm... Kanade also showed some interest in that, so maybe I should join you guys.
Akito: You're not picking it because it sounds the easiest, are you...?
Ena: So what if I am? I'd rather not choose an event where I'm gonna do awful and drag everyone else down.
Ena: Speaking of which, Akito, why'd you choose kickball? You'd kick everyone's butts at futsal. Or do you think you're too good for it?
Akito: You've got it all wrong. I chose kickball because I want to give it a try.
Nene: U-Um...
Ena: Oh, really? Did you know that An chose basketball because she thinks she's gonna crush everyone?
Akito: Huh? Don't lump me together with her. I get that she hates losing, but I...
Nene: (Wh-What do we do about this...?! Someone, please! Heeelp!)


28 1684:areatalk_aprilfool2023_028

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Minori Hanasato, An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

Minori: Today, we begin practicing for the ball sports competition! I'm gonna give it everything I've got!
An: You didn't seem sure which event to choose until the very last minute, but you're gonna be doing dizzy bat penalty kicks, right?
Minori: Yup! I picked something that might help me get used to being on variety programs!
An: Haha! I didn't know that was your reason. Also, Mizuki, you'll be playing kickball, right?
Mizuki: Yeah, though I had trouble deciding between that and the ping pong ball race. A team sport sounded fun for a change, plus Saki's gonna be in it too.
Saki: Hehe. I've always wanted to give it a try since I had to watch from the sidelines when I was in elementary school♪
Mizuki: Alright, that means we gotta go for the gold! Although, Li'l Bro's got a pretty scary team behind him.
Saki: Oh, Tsukasa said that he also chose kickball! So, yikes... It's gonna be a tough competition...
An: We'll be fine. We've got Kamishiro on our team, so why don't we ask him to come up with a plan for us?
Saki: Yeah! I bet he'll come up with some amazing ideas!
Mizuki: Definitely! Let's go find him and ask!
???: Hehe. They seem fine on their own. Good luck, everyone♪


29 1685:areatalk_aprilfool2023_029

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

Rui: Do you two know which events you'd like to be in?
Rin: Yup♪ I'm gonna join the ping pong ball race!
Len: I'm playing futsal! Akito taught me how to play soccer, and we practice together sometimes.
Rin: Oh, then, futsal's perfect! What about you, Rui?
Rui: I don't have any particular preferences, so I plan on joining whichever event needs more participants.
Len: Wait, you're not gonna choose one yourself? Aren't there any that you wanna do?
Rui: My apologies. I phrased that rather poorly...
Rui: To be more precise, they all look so exciting that I've been having trouble choosing just one...
Rin: Thank goodness. It would've been kinda sad if you were the only one not having fun, Rui.
Len: Yeah! Oh, if you're having trouble choosing, wanna play futsal with me?!
Rin: Ping pong ball racing is kinda hard, but it's really fun and rewarding♪
Rui: Thank you both very much... Then, I'll try to decide between those two.
Rin: Really?! I can't wait to hear which you pick!


30 1686:areatalk_aprilfool2023_030

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Luka: Kohane, now!
Kohane: Okay!
Tsukasa: Huh...?! It curved?!
Luka: That was incredible, Kohane! You seem to have mastered the paddle.
Kohane: Thank you, Luka! This wouldn't have been possible without you.
Kohane: Also, Tsukasa, MEIKO, thank you both very much for agreeing to practice with me.
MEIKO: You're welcome. Still, I wasn't expecting you to become this good at playing table tennis.
Tsukasa: We need to practice as well. We can't let her run away with this!
MEIKO: Right. As someone who cooks on a regular basis, I'll need to show everyone just how good I am with a ladle.
???: I didn't know Luka could play table tennis... After I came all this way to help them practice too...
???: Oh well. I guess I'll find someone else who's in need.


31 1687:areatalk_aprilfool2023_031

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Haruka Kiritani, Mafuyu Asahina)

Mafuyu: Oh, Mochizuki, hello. Were you practicing by yourself just now?
Honami: Yes, Tsukasa just went over to help the table tennis team with their practice... Are you also headed to practice, Asahina?
Mafuyu: Yes. We just finished discussing formations, so we're going to try using them during an actual game.
Honami: What? Formations? The basketball team must be taking things very seriously...!
Haruka: Since we have beginners on our team, some of the others suggested that we get some plays ready as opposed to working on sidestepping our opponents.
Haruka: If we set them up correctly, they could have a lot of fun since they might get some chances to shoot the ball after outplaying their opponents.
Mafuyu: It's so nice to have an experienced player like you around, Kiritani. I'm looking forward to having practices with you.
Haruka: Likewise. Also, I need to do my best since An sort of threw the gauntlet down.
Mafuyu: Hehe. That was pretty startling. She really just barged in and shouted, “Haruka! You! Me! Basketball!”
Honami: Yes, it certainly seemed like she didn't intend on losing.
Haruka: I'm honestly a little embarrassed... But I'm not about to back down after being challenged like that.
Mafuyu: Of course. Since we're in this competition together, let's try to have as much fun as we can.


32 1688:areatalk_aprilfool2023_032

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Students' Voices: Go! Go! Pure Heart!
Students' Voices: Passion, we still got this! Our comeback starts with one point!
Principal Mikudayo: Everyone seems to be enjoying the ball sports competition very much. You have my thanks, my wonderful helpers.
Miku (VBS): It was our pleasure. Although, I only got to practice with them a little bit.
Miku (Ln): I went over to lend a hand with practice, but I couldn't really do much...
Miku (MMJ): That's not true. You helped with kickball practice, remember? I really appreciated you coming over that time♪
Miku (MMJ): Miku, you practiced doing dizzy bat penalty kicks quite a lot, didn't you?
Miku (WxS): Hehehe☆ That's because I wanted everyone to smile regardless of how athletic or unathletic they were♪
Miku (VBS): Hehe. I saw Toya and the others head over just before the start of the competition. They seemed confident in themselves.
Principal Mikudayo: Yes, indeed. And I have you all to thank for that.
Principal Mikudayo: So, please keep up the good work and watch over them until they all graduate.
Miku (WxS): Of course! You can count on us☆


33 1689:areatalk_aprilfool2023_033

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shizuku Hinomori, Toya Aoyagi, Emu Otori, Kanade Yoisaki)

Ichika: Our year here's already coming to an end... Time really flew by, didn't it?
Shizuku: Yes, I still remember the entrance ceremony like it was earlier today.
Kanade: I hope Miku enjoyed her time at this school...
Emu: I think she had a great time♪ I mean, she was smiling sooo much☆
Toya: I agree. I too hope she enjoyed her time here.
Ichika: That goes for me too... Whenever I saw her smiling, it filled my heart with so much warmth.
Ichika: If we were supposed to find “something special” while we were at this school, I'm pretty sure we found it...
Kanade: “Something special”?
Ichika: Yes, I heard that we would when we enrolled in the MIKUdemy.
Toya: And the answer was “smiles”. I like that...
Emu: Yeah, me too♪ I love smiles so much!
Shizuku: What a wonderful gift. I'm so glad I decided to enroll here.
Kanade: Me too. It was also nice to go to a school for a change.


34 1690:areatalk_aprilfool2023_034

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Airi Momoi, Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi, Ena Shinonome)

Ena: Hey, I heard that we have to do an assignment as part of graduation. Is that true?
Shiho: Yes, I think so. I'm not sure what it is, but it sounds like we're not gonna know until the day of.
Nene: Wait, does that mean we won't be able to graduate if we don't get a passing grade...?
Akito: Probably. Seriously, do they think it's fair for them to drop a surprise like this on us at the last minute?
Airi: At the same time, I heard that we should be fine as long as we regularly attended classes and participated in school events.
Airi: I mean, Ena, you were almost never late coming to school. So, you'll probably do just fine.
Akito: Although, don't forget that I woke you up every morning.
Ena: Shut it!
Nene: Still, I hope they don't ask us to do anything weird...
Shiho: Me too. But I also think Momoi's right. We just gotta try to be the best students we can.


35 1691:areatalk_aprilfool2023_035

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Saki Tenma, Minori Hanasato, An Shiraishi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

Saki: Nooo! This year went by way too fast! I wanted to spend more time with you guys!
Minori: Playing against the other classes during the ball sports competition was so much fun. And so was the music recital back in the fall!
An: Learning how to play an instrument as part of a group instead of singing wasn't easy, but it was totally worth the effort.
Mizuki: Not only that, we got to choose from whatever instruments they had in the school. That was awesome.
Rui: However, some instruments posed challenges when it came to playing as an ensemble. For example, the udu, which I was initially hoping to use.
Saki: Oh, you mean the drum that looks like a water jug? I really liked the “bong bong bong” sound it made!
Rui: Yes, and striking it but one playing method. It also creates a distinctive sound when you rub it.
Rui: Again, working it into a musical ensemble wasn't easy, but its unique qualities make me want to use it in a show someday.
An: By the way, Mizuki... Did you have fun at this school?
Mizuki: Haha. Yeah. It was way too much fun.
Minori: Hehe. I really enjoyed every day too.
Saki: Graduation's just around the corner, but we still have time to create some fun memories together♪
Minori & An: Yeah!


36 1692:areatalk_aprilfool2023_036

[MIKUdemy Classroom]

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Mafuyu Asahina)

Honami: Lately, all everyone's been talking about is what they're going to ask us to do for graduation.
Mafuyu: I've noticed. I'm also slightly concerned since they haven't said what they'd like us to do.
Tsukasa: There's no need to fear. Did they also not mention that we would be fine as long as we regularly attended classes and participated in school events?
Tsukasa: So, if what they say is true, everybody here is safe!
Mafuyu: Hehe. He's right. We should head into it with our heads held high.
Haruka: Thank you.
Haruka: I already felt that I was making the most of my time here as a student by working on my music, studying and enjoying school life... But that sort of reassurance is always nice.
Kohane: I agree. At the same time... Who is it that challenged us?
Mafuyu: Oh, I'd forgotten about that... What if it was just a way to get you all to attend this school?
Tsukasa: Yes... It wouldn't be like Akito and Shiraishi to back away from such a challenge.
Honami: I was told about finding “something special” during my time here. Were they employing a similar tactic...?
Tsukasa: In any case, we only have a few days left until graduation. Let's make the most of the time we have left here at the MIKUdemy!
Honami, Haruka, Kohane & Mafuyu: Yeah! Okay!


37 1693:areatalk_aprilfool2023_037

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

Len: *Sigh* It's almost graduation... But I was just getting to know you guys...
Rin: Yeah. It's too soon to say goodbye...
Luka: I feel the same way... But I'm sure that “something special” we found will stay with all of us forever.
Len: What?! The Miku I know told me about that, but it's real?!
KAITO: Of course it's real. Our “something special” is, well...
KAITO: If you place your hand over your heart and close your eyes... You'll feel a number of things...
MEIKO: Yes, even if this past year was a dream or illusion, they will remain.
Luka: Hehe. I'm so glad to have met all of you.
Rin: Me too! I had so much fun♪ Right, Len?
Len: H-Hey, why are you being so embarrassing? You're with me, right, KAITO?
KAITO: I'm with the others on this one. This past year was incredibly fun. Don't you feel the same way, Len?
Len: Huh...?! Y-Yeah, I mean...
MEIKO: Hehe.


38 1694:areatalk_aprilfool2023_038

[MIKUdemy Field]

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

Principal Mikudayo: All that remains is the graduation ceremony...
Miku (Ln): Yes, this year went by so quickly... I wish it wouldn't end...
Miku (MMJ): Me too. But we all got to create all these fun memories with everyone♪
Miku (WxS): Yup yup☆ Everyone has super sparkly smiles on their faces, including us!
Miku (VBS): Yes, they look very happy. I'm glad we were able to watch over them like this.
Principal Mikudayo: As difficult as it is to say farewell, there is little time left until they all graduate. Let's ensure that they enjoy their experience here at this school until the very end!
Mikus: Okay. Yeah! Yeah☆


