1 2639:areatalk_ev_idol_21_001

[Shopping Mall]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: I remember these microphone toys...! My parents bought these for us a few times when we were little.
Minori: There's soda candy inside, right?! I used to pretend to be an idol using these.
Airi: Hehe. Same. I even remember using the TV remote as a mic.
Haruka: Back then, microphones seemed to have this mystical quality to them. Like they represented idols somehow.
Minori: Exactly! That's why I was so excited when I held a real one for the very first time! Oh, but that was just for karaoke...
Airi: I don't see a problem with that. Depending on how you go about it, you can make it into a little concert.
Shizuku: Yes, and some of my classmates told me that karaoke places with actual stages have been appearing more recently.
Haruka: Really? I'm a little curious what that's like.
Minori: Oh, in that case, why don't we all go?! All this talk is making me want to sing now!
Airi: Yeah. It'll double as singing practice, so let's take a little detour!


2 2640:areatalk_ev_idol_21_002

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, MEIKO)

MEIKO (MMJ): Turn here and wink♪ How did that look?
Airi: That was great! The dance has a cool feel to it overall, but that wink at the end adds a nice dash of cuteness! Would it be okay if I did this dance?
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, of course! I hope you remember me when you go and perform it yourself♪
Airi: Whoa...
Airi: Hey, stop trying to make me blush!
MEIKO (MMJ): But you look so cute whenever you do♪ You're also free to try doing what I just did.


3 2641:areatalk_ev_idol_21_003

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

Airi: Minori told me that you ended up being the MVP when your class played basketball during gym yesterday.
Haruka: There just happened to be no other experienced players present. Also, being on the same team as Minori was pretty huge.
Airi: Wait, is she good at basketball?
Haruka: Not quite... She knows me really well, so she ended up being in the best positions.
Airi: Ah, I see.


4 2642:areatalk_ev_idol_21_004

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku: Look, Minori. Airi sent me some pictures of her when she was little.
Minori: Wow, she's so cute! She's even winking at the camera! She's been an idol since she was this little!
Shizuku: That's the thing...! She's just as cute in her other pictures. My heart melts whenever I look at them.
Shizuku: Unfortunately, each time I close this app, they sort of become lost. It always takes me so long to find them again...
Minori: Oh, then you should mark them as your favorites! Here, lemme show you how!
Shizuku: Oh, Minori, thank you so much!


5 2643:areatalk_ev_idol_21_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, KAITO)

KAITO (MMJ): I see. And you'd like to guess what you'll be asked to do during the Lumina Grand Prix.
Haruka: Yes. We were told that everything would be announced the day of, but we feel we should be prepared for the likely possibilities.
KAITO (MMJ): The thing that immediately comes to mind for me is having to do an improvised performance. It'd be a test of your raw skills since you won't have the luxury of a script or any special effects.
Haruka: Yes, that's certainly a possibility. We'll probably want to improve our fundamentals and our ability to think on our feet.
KAITO (MMJ): Oh, on the other hand, it'd also be great to have you actually practice before you perform! Everyone would see how each of you works with the time you have, and the moment all your hard work comes to fruition would be...
KAITO (MMJ): Wait, I'm sorry...! I didn't mean to get so carried away.
Shizuku: No, this is helping very much. Please, go on.


6 2649:areatalk_monthly2505_001

[Main Street]

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Haruka Kiritani)

Haruka: Everybody's been talking about them lately, so I was worried that they'd run out. I'm really glad that I managed to get the last pair...
Ichika: Huh? Haruka? What a coincidence. And you seem really happy? Did something good happen?
Haruka: Oh, yeah...! I just managed to buy the last pair of Phenny collab sneakers they were selling.
Ichika: Wait, really? I also just managed to buy the last copy of the Miku CD I was hoping to get. It's a special first edition that comes with extra goodies!
Haruka: Is that true? It sounds like we're both really lucky today.
Ichika: True, we even ran into each other like this too. Why don't we take this opportunity to go to a cafe together?
Haruka: That sounds nice. What if they have limited-edition items on their dessert menu?


