1 1706:areatalk_ev_idol_13_001

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi)

Minori: “Now, on to our next question. Shizuku, what do you like to keep in mind when you practice?”
Minori: Ahem... “I do my best to stay hydrated, usually with sports drinks. However, I sometimes bring miso soup as well since it's healthy and also contains electrolytes.”
Airi: Minori? What are you doing...?
Minori: Eep! A-Airi?!
Minori: Um... Our interview for that magazine's coming up, and I realized I might have the same response as you guys to some of the questions...
Minori: It's not good to give the same answer as someone else, right? Which is why I was thinking of how you'd all respond.
Airi: I see. I appreciate your initiative, but I'm not sure doing impressions of us is necessary...
Airi: Still, your Shizuku was pretty good, so I think I'll go tell her about it.
Minori: No, please don't tell her! I wouldn't know how to face her!


2 1707:areatalk_ev_idol_13_002

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Haruka: Airi, it sounded like your class had a lot of fun during P.E. today. We could hear you all from our classroom.
Airi: Yeah, it was fun... But for sort of a dumb reason.
Haruka: Huh?
Airi: Well, we were playing handball... But everyone started playing without really going over the rules.
Shizuku: I even ended up running towards the goal while carrying the ball.
Airi: Yeah, your own team's goal.
Airi: You definitely took more than four steps and came this close to an own goal. Our class had a field day with that one.
Airi: To be fair, it wasn't just Shizuku. We couldn't stop cracking up because everyone kept coming up with bloopers left and right.
Haruka: That explains why it sounded like so much fun. I wish I'd been there.
Shizuku: Hehe. Everyone from class said they want to try doing it again sometime since it was such a good time.
Airi: I'm good. Making constant quips at everyone was exhausting...


3 1708:areatalk_ev_idol_13_003

[Main Street]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Airi: Remember how Shizuku and I went to have a meeting about that radio program? The producer apparently has a daughter...
Airi: And she's a huge fan of yours, Minori!
Minori: What?! Me?!
Haruka: Hehe. That's great, Minori.
Minori: Y-Yeah...! Wow... That's so nice to hear!
Shizuku: Hehe. As it turns out, she can't stop talking about how cute and amazing you are after watching our streams.
Minori: Really?! Hehe... I can't help but feel a little embarrassed...
Haruka: That means she must be looking forward to hearing you on the radio.
Minori: Y-You're right! Then, we need to do our best to make it a really fun program!


4 1709:areatalk_ev_idol_13_004

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, KAITO)

Airi: KAITO, thanks for helping me out with practice today! I'm really glad you were here since I was hoping to work on my positioning.
KAITO: Not a problem. Dancing with you was very fun, Airi.
Airi: Still, you were dancing to our song. I couldn't believe you already know the routine perfectly.
KAITO: Hehe. Whenever you and the others have fun practicing something, I tend to want to learn it as well.
KAITO: Not just dance routines. I think I've become very good at doing cheers and chants.
Airi: Wait, really? Then, does that mean you cheered back and stuff during our solo show?
KAITO: No, I refrained from doing so that time since we didn't want to be seen by others.
KAITO: Also, it wasn't the first thing on my mind since I ended up completely focused on the stage.
Airi: Oh, I see. Then, you gotta show us sometime what your cheers sound like when you really mean it.
KAITO: Hehe. I'd be more than happy to.


5 1710:areatalk_ev_idol_13_005

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, KAITO)

KAITO: Hmm...
Shizuku: Is something the matter, KAITO?
KAITO: So, Rin's been having trouble learning the dance routine for our new song.
KAITO: I wanted to set aside extra time for everyone to practice, but it's been tough to schedule with everyone so busy... At this rate, we'll need to scrap that song.
Shizuku: But that would make her feel terrible...
KAITO: I know... I wish I could help her practice myself, but I unfortunately don't have that kind of time right now...
Shizuku: Then, why don't I help her practice...? If she's okay with it, that is...
KAITO: What?! Are you sure?
Shizuku: Of course. I also take more time than others to learn new dances, but I may be able to help since I've learned some tricks for overcoming that...
KAITO: Thank you so much...! Rin's going to be ecstatic! Would it be alright if we went to see her right now?
Shizuku: Yes, let's go!


6 1736:areatalk_monthly2305_001

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kagamine Len)

Minori: Thanks for helping me out with dance practice! I learned so much just now!
Len: I'm glad we got to practice together since I felt like something was missing when I was by myself.
Minori: Hehe. Oh, that's right! I need to write down everything I learned before I forget!
Len: Oh, Minori, you keep a notepad on you too?
Minori: Too? Len, you also have one?
Len: Yeah. When I go back over my notes, I tend to make new discoveries or notice progress I've made. It's great for my motivation!
Len: Actually, Minori, would you like to compare notes with each other? We could learn quite a lot by doing so.
Minori: Yeah, absolutely!


7 1737:areatalk_monthly2305_002

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kagamine Len)

Len: Airi, what are you writing in that notebook? New stream ideas?
Airi: Yeah, I was just hammering out the details for some. Mind if I ask for your opinion?
Len: If you think I can help, I'd be happy to.
Airi: Thanks! This first one's called “Which Gives the Best Fortune! Old? New? East? West?”
Airi: You can do fortune-telling based on someone's name, the stars, Tarot cards and a bunch of other ways, right? So, I thought we could try to predict which one gives the best fortune.
Airi: And then, we'll actually test different methods on each other.
Len: Cool! Getting to see all those different fortune-telling methods sounds really fun in itself, but it's great that you've also made it into a game.
Airi: Glad to hear that! Then, I'll keep working on this one a bit more. Now, the second one involves...
Len: (Hehe. Airi sounds so excited. Not only is her idea great, she did an amazing job of explaining it. She really has a knack for this stuff.)


8 1738:areatalk_monthly2305_003

[Stage SEKAI - Stage]

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

Miku (MMJ): Shizuku, can I ask you a question regarding our costumes?
Shizuku: Of course. We just stopped to take a break from practice.
Miku (MMJ): Thank you...! The thing is, we're planning on doing this flower-themed show, and we want to have costumes with all kinds of flowers on them.
Miku (MMJ): But we came up with too many ideas and can't decide which are best...
Miku (MMJ): So, Shizuku, I'd like to hear what you'd say if you were in this situation.
Shizuku: Oh, I see. Where are these costumes of yours?
Miku (MMJ): They're in the dressing room. Would you be able to come take a look once you're done with practice?
Shizuku: Yes, I'd love to. I'm looking forward to hearing everyone's ideas.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. I really appreciate it. Then, I'll see you later after practice♪


