21_Haruka Kiritani_R1 Former National Idol

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Corridor]

Haruka: Crowds are forming even along the corridor... I hope I can get inside my classroom...
Student A: Kiritani! Will you be joining another agency to restart idol activities?
Haruka: I'm sorry, but I have no intention of doing that at all.
Student B: Haruka! I'm a huge fan of yours! May I have your autograph, please?
Haruka: I appreciate your support, but I'm no longer an idol, so...
Student C: Hey, Kiritani! Do you wanna come sing karaoke with us?
Student D: I wanna see Haruka singing live!
Student E: Kiritani! Please shake hands with me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-C]

Haruka: Sigh...
Haruka: (I came early today to avoid causing trouble for anyone, but I think I may need to come even earlier next time...)
Haruka: Sigh...
Haruka: (I had no idea there were so many people supporting me in this school too.)
Haruka: (But I'm already...)
Haruka: (Now that I'm no longer an idol, there's nothing I can do for them anymore.)
Haruka: Pull yourself together. I need to control my feelings and...
Haruka: Huh?
Haruka: (M-My penguin keychain is gone...)
Haruka: (How... I definitely attached it to my bag!)
Haruka: (Oh, I may have dropped it when I was being surrounded at the corridor just now...)
Haruka: The crowds have more or less dispersed, but if I go out, they'll probably start gathering together again...
Haruka: No, this isn't the time to be worried about that.
Haruka: I have to find it. It has to be out there somewhere...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: Ah, good morning, Kiritani.
Haruka: Oh... Good morning, Hoshino, Tenma.
Saki: Morning, Haruka! Are you looking for something? What happened?
Haruka: Y-Yes... I dropped something important.
Saki: Oh dear! Come on, we have to find it quickly!
Ichika: What did you drop?
Haruka: You're going to help me look?
Saki: I mean, of course!
Haruka: Thank you... I'm looking for a black and white penguin keychain, wearing a red scarf.
Saki: Penguin? Oh, didn't we find that just now?
Ichika: Yes. Kiritani, are you talking about this penguin? We found it on the floor just now.
Haruka: Ah! Thank goodness!
Haruka: Thank you so much for finding it for me.
Saki: Hehe♪ You're most welcome!
Haruka: Please allow me to do something to repay you for this.
Ichika: Huh? There's no need. We just happened to see it, that's all.
Haruka: But if you hadn't...
Ichika: I get it. This is something really important to you, right?
Haruka: Yes. I have a lot of other penguin merchandise too, but this is the one I've had for the longest time.
Saki: You like penguins, Haruka?
Haruka: I just think they look so cute with their round bodies. And I can't help but keep buying the penguin merchandise I see at the aquarium.
Saki: Even idol celebrities like Haruka visit aquariums too?
Haruka: Is that...strange?
Saki: No way, it's not strange at all! I'm glad to hear that, actually.
Haruka: Why?
Ichika: Well, it helps us see that you're a high school girl like us too.
Saki: Actually, I've been wondering how I should talk to you... But now I know you're just a normal classmate!
Haruka: Oh...
Saki: Hey, I'd really love to get to know you better! Would you like to have lunch together later?
Ichika: How about lunch together to repay us, then?
Haruka: If that's what you want, then I'm happy to oblige.
Haruka: And...thank you for not seeing me as an idol...
Saki: Huh? Did you just say something?
Haruka: No, nothing at all. I'm looking forward to lunchtime.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Haruka: The lunch stand was really crowded.
Saki: We were there during peak period, after all. But I managed to get what I wanted!
Ichika: Me too. What about you, Kiritani?
Haruka: Yes. I bought what I wanted too.
Saki: So we all got what we wanted, then! What did you buy, Ichi?
Ichika: I got yakisoba bun, yakisoba bun, and yakisoba bun.
Haruka: Y-You only bought yakisoba buns?
Saki: Ahh, she really loves them, you see...
Haruka: That doesn't sound very nutritionally balanced... Do you also eat foods like salad?
Ichika: I've never minded that before...
Ichika: But Saki's meals are pretty unbalanced, too, if you ask me. You eat snacks as your main meal and then that pasta you just bought is for dessert, right?
Saki: Th-That's not true! I got the pasta as my main meal...
Haruka: The school store had a lot of snacks for sale.
Saki: Yeah! And this one here's the latest release!
Ichika: You're always only buying snacks...
Saki: Says the girl who only eats yakisoba buns.
Haruka: Hehehe.
Haruka: (They're childhood friends, right? They get along so well.)
Saki: Ah, by the way, what did you buy, Haruka?
Haruka: Oh, I bought...
Ichika: Salad and...
Saki: Chicken breast meat?
Haruka: These items were the most nutritionally balanced of all the food being sold in the store. Am I being odd?
Saki: No. It's amazing you even take that into consideration!
Ichika: Completely different from us since we only eat what we like.
Saki: I think I've seen you mention on a TV interview or something that you follow a pretty restrictive diet, right?
Haruka: Yes, I do.
Haruka: I'm not an idol anymore, so I can quit if I like, but...
Ichika: But you keep doing it anyway?
Haruka: One time, I did try to stop both my diet and training, but it made me feel so restless.
Haruka: So in the end, I'm still doing my routine from before. I just don't know when to give up, huh?
Saki: Haruka...
Ichika: Hm...
Ichika: I mean, why not?
Haruka: Huh?
Ichika: If carrying out your routine makes you feel calmer, that means it's something essential to you.
Haruka: Essential...
Saki: I agree! Just like how snacks are essential to me!
Ichika: That's completely different, Saki.
Saki: Ichi, you're so mean to me...
Haruka: Hehehe. A little bit of snacking is fine. The more you eat, though, the more you should try to exercise.
Saki: Oh, I exercise lots in my school club, so I'm safe!
Ichika: Maybe I should try some salad once in a while...
Saki: Hey, that's not fair! Okay, I'll switch out my pasta for salad tomorrow too!
Ichika: Shouldn't you be switching your snacks for salad instead?
Haruka: Hehe... Haha!
Ichika: See? She's laughing at you.
Saki: Ugh...
Haruka: Hehehe, I wasn't laughing at you.
Haruka: Thank you, both of you.
Ichika & Saki: Hm?
Haruka: Don't worry, it's nothing. Come on, let's eat.
(Black cut)
