22_Haruka Kiritani_R2 MORE MORE JUMP!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Haruka: Oh...
Minori: What is it?
Haruka: Something smells tasty.
Minori: Oh, you're right! Smells like butter to me?
Haruka: You've got a good nose.
Haruka: Look, that's a cream puff store over there.
Minori: Huh. I didn't know there were any food stores that way.
Minori: What a lucky find! Let's get something from there. Their cream puffs look so yummy. They don't skimp on the cream!
Haruka: They do look tasty...
Haruka: You know what, I'll just wait here while you go and get something for yourself.
Minori: Why aren't you coming, Haruka? Oh, I'm so slow.
Minori: You're on a diet? You mentioned it in a magazine interview some time ago, right?
Haruka: That's right, I watch my calories, and those puffs really are loaded with cream...
Minori: Oh no! Don't tell me cream puffs are calorie bombs!
Haruka: They're not. Compared to other desserts, they're not terribly calorific.
Haruka: Of course, if you eat a whole lot of them, that's a different story.
Haruka: The best time for a sweet treat like this is after lunch.
Haruka: When your metabolism is up and running, fill up on vegetables and some protein.
Haruka: Then they won't cause you a sudden spike in blood sugar.
Minori: You're so careful about what and when you're eating.
Minori: But aren't you really a sucker for sweets? I saw you stop in front of that cake shop earlier, looking longingly at the display.
Haruka: Um... Yeah, you got me.
Minori: Then why don't you have them once in a while?
Minori: I think that when you get your energy from something you love, it powers you up more, more!
Haruka: Oh...
Haruka: (She might have a point.)
Haruka: (Training hard and sticking to a healthy diet contribute to my growth as an idol...)
Haruka: (But doing things that make me happy is also important for staying motivated.)
Haruka: You always surprise me with your insight, Minori.
Haruka: Let's go get some cream puffs.
Minori: Yay! Happy cream puff time with Haruka!
Haruka: Oh, you can choose from six different types of cream filling.
Minori: Six types, wow! Hmm, I can't choose...
Minori: Which one are you getting, Haru—
Haruka: Hi, I'd like two of each, please.
Minori: Uh, what?
Haruka: What?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Haruka: So this is where we'll be practicing today.
Minori: So cool!
Minori: This is the same studio you've been using when you were in ASRUN, right?
Haruka: Yes. We didn't have our own studio back when we were just starting out.
Shizuku: I imagine it has some sentimental value to you.
Haruka: Yes, I suppose so.
Airi: Let's save the trip down memory lane for later. We've got it booked only for a couple hours, so let's start stretching.
Minori: Okay!
Minori: Hehehe! Doing stretches together in a studio, that's such a classic idol group thing!
Haruka: Definitely. We used to do it in ASRUN too.
Haruka: Once we became more popular, everyone was too busy with solo projects to meet up for group practice much.
Minori: Aw, that's such a shame!
Minori: Let's get some good stretches in!
Airi: Hm, you can stretch your legs pretty far apart. Can you do it with your upper body flat on the floor?
Minori: Nope. I can only do it as far as almost touching the floor with my elbows.
Shizuku: Isn't that good enough?
Minori: What about you girls?
Airi: I can easily put my elbows on the floor. Look.
Minori: Wow, you really did it! And you, Haruka?
Haruka: I can go...this far.
Minori: Wow, you can go flat!
Haruka: If you're not flexible, you're more prone to injury, apparently.
Airi: Can you do a split standing up?
Haruka: Like this?
Minori: Are you made of rubber?! You could star in a circus!
Airi: Or become a ballerina.
Shizuku: Hehe. Rhythmic gymnastics is another career option for you.
Haruka: Thanks, but I just want to be an idol.
Minori: Haruka, what sort of exercises do I need to do to be flexible like you?
Haruka: It's enough if you stretch after taking a bath.
Haruka: You don't need to do anything hardcore.
Minori: But I do stretch after bath! What am I doing wrong?
Shizuku: How long do you stretch for, Haruka?
Haruka: About an hour at a time.
Minori: An hour?!
Haruka: I've been doing stretches daily since I decided to become an idol, and I've been increasing the time I spend on it little by little.
Airi: You've been keeping this up for years. That's commitment.
Minori: Yeah! Haruka, you're just so amazing!
Minori: I'll do my stretches daily from now on too!
Minori: I probably need to do it for one to two hours a day to have a chance of catching up with you...
Airi: That's not very realistic, don't you think?
Minori: But...
Haruka: Minori, you mustn't do anything excessive. I understand that you're impatient, but it's better to get into the habit gradually.
Minori: You're right!
Haruka: Let's continue our stretches. Minori, want me to push your back?
Minori: That'll be great, thanks!
(Black cut)
