23_Haruka Kiritani_R3 The Non-Idol Me

Gacha phrase: I'm no longer an idol.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Haruka: Ah...
Haruka: (That venue... I remember it fondly.)
Haruka: (It's the place I took my first step as an idol after passing the audition...)
Haruka: Oh...
Haruka: (Why did I even come here?)
Haruka: (I'm no longer...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Haruka: (She said I inspired her to become an idol, but...)
Woman A: Hey, isn't that Haruka Kiritani?
Woman B: Huh? As in the idol? Wait, in the flesh?!
Haruka: Ugh!
(Black cut)
Haruka: That was close...
Haruka: (My life as an idol already feels like the distant past to me, and yet...)
Passerby A: Hey, did you read that online article about Haruka Kiritani? A lot of those who were surveyed really want her to make a comeback.
Passerby B: I'm not surprised. I still see special corners dedicated to her in CD shops even now.
Haruka: Ah...
Haruka: (Even so, I'm...no longer...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Vivid Street]

Haruka: (Somehow I ended up here... An's probably busy helping out at the shop, though...)
Customer: Thanks, I'm stuffed! See ya!
An: Come again soon!
Haruka: Ah...
An: Huh? Haruka?!
An: Long time no see! Since middle school, right? Don't just stand there, come on in!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

An: Here, milk tea for you. I remember you liked this, right?
Haruka: Yes, thank you.
An: I'll take a little break too.
Haruka: Are you sure you're allowed to slack off like that?
An: It'll be fine. We just ran out of customers, anyway. And dad wouldn't say anything because it's you!
Haruka: Hehe. You haven't changed at all, huh?
Haruka: You go to Kamiyama High School, right? How is it there?
An: Pretty fun! A friend recruited me to be a hall monitor, and there's this weird second year who tries to bring drones and robots into school all the time.
An: Then I have this classmate who only comes to school when the mood strikes. What you'd call a free spirit, I guess?
Haruka: Yes, that does seem like something a free spirit would do.
An: Oh yeah! I have something important to share.
An: I've finally found the best singing partner to team up with!
Haruka: Huh? The partner you were looking for to help you fulfill your dream?
An: That's right! Oh, she's also a first-year at Miya Girls. Maybe you know her!
An: Her name is Kohane, and we're going to be taking part in an event together soon. I can't wait!
Haruka: That's nice...
Haruka: You're...not going to ask me anything?
An: I will...if you want me to.
An: The world may know you as the perfect idol, but...
An: To me, you'll always be that girl with the bright blue penguin-shaped lunchbox who secretly eats early lunches with a huge grin on her face during class.
Haruka: Th-That was when I was in my penguin craze...
An: The people in class were so taken aback. Some were even wondering if food that blue was even edible!
Haruka: Some of them said it looked cute, though...
An: Really? They did?
Haruka: Yes, they did.
Haruka: Hehe...
Haruka: (Wherever I go, people see me as ASRUN's Haruka Kiritani.)
Haruka: (But to An...)
Haruka: (I was right to come here.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

Haruka: Good morning.
An: Welcome... Huh? Haruka?
Haruka: Do you have time to talk?
An: Sure. We just opened and there aren't any customers, yet.
An: What made you come all the way here on a holiday morning?
Haruka: I wanted to tell you something...
Haruka: I've decided to try to be an idol again.
An: That's great!
Haruka: That's all, really. I just wanted you to know.
An: Hehe. You're so polite, Haruka.
An: Since you're already here, you might as well let me know what made you change your mind? Support from fans?
Haruka: Something like that. I know the fans are waiting for me...
Haruka: But that's not the direct reason. I have a schoolmate who said she's aspiring to become an idol because of me.
Haruka: She's the reason.
An: Oh? What's she like?
Haruka: Honestly, I initially thought she was a bit too plain for an aspiring idol.
Haruka: But she works harder than anyone I know and never gives up no matter how many times she's rejected at auditions.
Haruka: An idol isn't just a beautiful spark of light. Reality is harsh to us, and a lot of things happen backstage that fans don't know about.
Haruka: She understands all of that and still thinks that idols are amazing.
Haruka: She insists that idols can really bring hope to people.
An: Oh wow...
Haruka: She showed me.
Haruka: That I did bring hope to someone after all.
Haruka: That's why I wanted to start all over again.
An: Haruka, your face is so clear now.
Haruka: Really?
Haruka: But I think you may be right. What used to look pale and gray to me has recently started to glow so brilliantly.
An: Hehe, I'm really happy for you.
An: Oh, if you ever need a place to perform, let me know, okay?
An: I can probably introduce you to most of the event venues around this area...
An: And I know this guy who knows a lot of people too. Whatever it is, I'm sure we can be of some help.
Haruka: Thank you. Don't mind if I take you up on that offer one day, then.
An: Not at all!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Thanks for talking with me today. I'm glad I came.
An: Me too!
An: Drop by again whenever you like! Next time, bring the girl you mentioned just now, too.
Haruka: Yes, I will. Thank you for everything!
An: Sure, see you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Haruka: Heh...
Haruka: (I'm so glad I got to talk to An. Back then, it was because of her that I was able to move ahead.)
Haruka: This time, it's my turn to do what I can to help everyone move ahead as well.
(Black cut)
