125_Haruka Kiritani_R4 Blessings Abound (event_4)

Gacha phrase: I'm glad I came back to school.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

[A few days after the Sports Festival - Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Saki: Sigh...
Haruka: Tenma, what's the matter?
Saki: It's just that, I'm hungry for more...
Haruka: Um, you can have some of my lunch if you want...
Saki: Yay, really?! I mean... I wasn't talking about lunch!
Haruka: Huh?
Ichika: Hehe. I think she was trying to say that she's feeling bored.
Saki: Yeah, that!
Saki: The Sports Festival was amazing, and going back to school like normal just feels so meh...
Haruka: Ah, I see...
Ichika: You really enjoyed yourself during the after party too.
Saki: Sure did! Going to a diner and celebrating with everyone! What's not to love?
Saki: I never got to do anything like that and it was so much fun!
Haruka: And almost everyone from our class turned up too.
Ichika: I was surprised by how many of us there were. We had four tables all to ourselves.
Haruka: Hehe! Ordering was fun, too! Who wants fried chicken? Raise your hands!
Saki: And making crazy concoctions at the juice bar, competing to come up with the best mix and stuff was awesome too!
Ichika: Then Shiho's class came by later and the place was pretty much taken over by girls from our school.
Saki: Yeah! And it was sooo cute when you fed Minori some of your fried chicken, Haruka!
Haruka: She said she was hungry and ready to collapse, so I helped her out.
Saki: Haha! That made her so happy, she was on cloud nine!
Ichika: Yeah.
Haruka: ...
Haruka: Oh, Tenma... I should have said this earlier but...
Saki: Hm? What's up?
Haruka: I just wanted to thank you for inviting me to the Sports Festival committee.
Haruka: It was the first school event that I planned in a long time and I made some friends outside my class, like Otori...
Haruka: I'm really glad that I chose to join.
Saki: Haruka...
Saki: I should be the one thanking you!
Saki: Organizing the event with you and Emu was an unforgettable experience, and a glorious new page in my wonderful teenage life!
Saki: So thank you for accepting my invitation too!
Haruka: Yeah...
Haruka: It really was fun.
Haruka: I've missed so much school because of my job...
Haruka: This school was very accommodating when it came to my line of work, so even in middle school, I was allowed to skip classes.
Ichika: Oh, right. You went to middle school here too.
Haruka: Yes, but I was practically never here. The last school event I went to before this one was a Sports Day back in elementary school.
Haruka: Come to think of it, I ran in the relay then too. I competed against the other classes as an anchor and...
Haruka: An... Oh, my best friend back then, ran against me, and no one could tell who'd win until the very end.
Saki: Wow! That's just like what Emu did! Your race had to be super close too then!
Ichika: So, who won?
Haruka: I did, but by a hair's breadth. My friend said we'd have a rematch next year...
Haruka: But we never got to do it... I had to skip it because of work...
Haruka: (An was so sulky when I told her too... I wonder if she's still angry with me about that.)
Saki: Wow... We are the same! I didn't really get to enjoy middle school either because I was in the hospital!
Saki: We need to make up for the time we lost and have as much fun as we can!
Ichika: And you'll have plenty of school events to do just that.
Saki: Yeah! Maybe we can be on the committee for the next one too! I'm super hyped for whatever's coming♪
Haruka: Yes, it would be nice to do it again.
Saki: That's right!
Haruka: (We're making memories to last us a lifetime...)
Haruka: (Thanks to Sports Festival, I no longer feel like such an outsider, and can actually look forward to more of these events...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: One, two, three, four... Okay, that should be enough stretching.
Haruka: (It's nice to be practicing with Minori and the others again.)
Haruka: (I did what I could on my own when I was busy with the committee, but it's always better to train together.)
Minori: Hello, Haruka!
Shizuku: Now that the Sports Festival's behind us, you can join us for practice again, right?
Haruka: Of course. Thank you for letting me skipping our sessions to work on committee stuff.
Minori: Oh, it was no problem whatsoever!
Airi: Yeah. And good job with the Sports Festival! It turned out great!
Shizuku: I enjoyed being able to take part with my classmates too. It was a very memorable event.
Haruka: Hearing that makes all my effort worth it! But I have thank you too, Airi, Shizuku...
Haruka: I heard from another girl on the committee that it was you two who got the credit-based students to participate.
Airi: Oh that?
Haruka: A lot of students here are in the same line of work as us, so you hardly ever see them and don't have many event options to choose from even if they do show up.
Haruka: We ended up investing a lot of time into figuring out how many would actually show up and how they could enjoy themselves...
Haruka: But thanks to you, enough of those girls agreed to come and we were able to have some of them in every competition. Even the upperclassmen were surprised by this.
Haruka: And it wasn't just the second years. You even went around to the first and third year students, and got them to sign up too!
Minori: Wow! That's amazing, Airi, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Oh, it was nothing really.
Airi: Yeah. You were the selling point, Haruka. We told everyone that you were on the committee, so the event was guaranteed to be fun this year.
Haruka: Regardless, it really worked.
Haruka: And it was the first years who took the initiative by saying they wanted to make it better than ever...
Haruka: Which is why it became important to see how we can get the others to go along with us.
Airi: I see... But your worries might've been misplaced.
Haruka: Huh?
Shizuku: A second-year committee member visited our class a few times too, encouraging us to join.
Airi: And that third-year girl! Your committee members seemed so invested in it, we thought we should do something to help too.
Haruka: Really..? I had no idea.
Airi: I bet they were all inspired by you first years!
Minori: Wow, what a story! That's incredible!
Haruka: Yeah. I'm surprised myself.
Haruka: (Come to think of it, Saki said that older students helped her make the list of participants for each event...)
Haruka: Well, I'm glad it worked out...
Haruka: I guess we infected everyone with our overwhelming enthusiasm!
Minori: That's great, Haruka!
Haruka: Yeah.
Minori: Oh, I almost forgot! You were so busy running the show that you probably didn't get to see much of anything. Want to catch up now?
Haruka: Is this...? A video of the entire day?
Minori: Yeah! This one's from... Oh, the ball toss!
Student A's Voice: <Aw, these are so cute!>
Student B's Voice: <Yeah, they are! Look, this ball has a different design on it! Cool!>
Haruka: Oh, they really liked the pictures.
Minori: There's this girl from my class, Shiho, who just kept mumbling, They're so cute, and kept picking them up to look at the pictures instead of throwing them!
Haruka: Hehe. I see.
Airi: And everyone was so motivated too. No one gave up until the end!
Shizuku: Yes. They all only had the Sports Festival on their minds.
Airi: Yeah. And we've got you to thank for it, Haruka!
Airi: It was great to feel like a normal high schooler again by really having fun at a school event.
Haruka: (Oh, how could I forget... Airi and Shizuku have been missing out on school events now because of their work too.)
Shizuku: I made some good memories with my classmates.
Airi: Same! It made me realize that even though being an idol is super important to me, school events are the kind of fun I don't want to miss either!
Haruka: Yeah, me too.
Haruka: Some things you can only experience when you're a student.
Minori: Right! And I want to participate in as many school events as I can from now on...!
Minori's Voice (Minori): <You can do it, Haruka!! Go! Go! Go!>
Minori: Whoops, I left the video on!
Airi: Hey, that's the big relay race! That got everyone really fired up!
Shizuku: There was so much cheering from every direction... Oh, it's Shii!
Minori's Voice (Minori): <Go, Haruka! Yay, she's ahead!>
Shiho's Voice (Shiho): <But she just passed a girl's from our class...>
Minori's Voice (Minori): <Oh no! Uh, I don't know who I should be cheering for...!>
Haruka: You were cheering for me even though I was competing against you.
Minori: Hehehe! I couldn't help it...
Haruka: Hehe. Thanks, Minori.
(Black cut)
