133_Haruka Kiritani_R2 Bubbly Blue (event_5)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Sunday]

Haruka: The next agency on my list is... Ah.
Haruka: Hello, this is Kiritani. Thank you for calling me back.
Haruka: Yes, this is about the agency referral from the other day and... Yes, well...
Haruka: I'm sorry, even though you took the trouble to make the referral. We intend to carry on as an independent idol...
Haruka: Well, no... We won't be reconsidering.... Yes, we made this decision together after discussing it amongst ourselves.
Haruka: Yes. Minori has to be together with us. It's the four of us or nothing, no compromises.
Haruka: Thank you... I appreciate the concern. Goodbye.
Haruka: Sigh...
Haruka: (They'll take us if we leave Minori out, huh... I understand she has no experience but...)
Haruka: (It was Minori who renewed my... No, all of our desires to become idols again.)
Haruka: (Everyone's only interested in our past achievements and not giving her a chance at all.)
Haruka: Sigh... I have to go apologize and explain this to the other agencies too...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Some days later after school]

[Miyamasuzaka]

Minori: Airi was so much sharper than usual with her moves today! I hope I can dance as well as her one day.
Haruka: Yeah. To achieve that, you may want to work on strengthening your core.
Haruka: Anyway, I'll be going now. Good work with practice and make sure to rest too...
Minori: Um... H-Haruka...
Haruka: What's wrong?
Minori: Ah... No, nevermind. See you tomorrow!
Haruka: Okay. See you tomorrow.
(Black cut)
Haruka: Oh, someone's calling... Probably another agency... Oh!
Haruka: Hello!
Ex-ASRUN Member: <Hello? Haruka? Hey, it's been a while! How've you been doing?>
Haruka: I'm good, thanks. How about you? I heard you transferred to another agency...
Ex-ASRUN Member: <Haha, I'm good too! I'm finally all settled into my new agency.>
Ex-ASRUN Member: <But we haven't spoken since ASRUN was disbanded. Anyway, I'm gonna just cut to the chase.>
Ex-ASRUN Member: <Haruka, you're trying to form a new idol group, right? Everyone here is talking about it and some are even saying they might want you to join.>
Haruka: Huh?
Ex-ASRUN Member: <But! Because of budget constraints, we can only take you.>
Haruka: Then that's...
Ex-ASRUN Member: <Oh, don't worry! I was there too and it felt more like they were messing around.>
Ex-ASRUN Member: <I guess they don't get that someone trying to join as a group won't take an offer that's only for one person...>
Ex-ASRUN Member: <Now, about why I really called you! Well, it's more of a personal matter♪>
Haruka: A personal matter?
Ex-ASRUN Member: <Yup. Tell me more about this girl your group. Not Hinomori or Momoi. You know, the other girl!>
Haruka: Oh, you mean Minori?
Ex-ASRUN Member: <Minori? So, what's she like? How'd you meet? I have so many questions...!>
Haruka: ...!
Haruka: (Nobody's shown any interest in Minori up to this point.)
Ex-ASRUN Member: <Hello? Hey, Haruka?>
Haruka: Oh, sorry. I was wondering where I should start.
Haruka: I first met her when...
(Black cut)
Ex-ASRUN Member: <Wow. She's pretty amazing, huh? She managed to get not just you, but Hinomori and Momoi interested in forming an idol group together.>
Ex-ASRUN Member: <Yeah. She's gonna be an amazing idol. I can see it already.>
Haruka: Hehe. Thank you.
Ex-ASRUN Member: <Haha. What're you thanking me for?>
Haruka: Actually, nobody's shown any interest in Minori until you asked...
Haruka: You're the first person that I've really talked to about her.
Ex-ASRUN Member: <What, no way! Everybody's missing out! Or they only care about short-term gains!>
Ex-ASRUN Member: <I'm so glad I transferred to my current agency. The only problem is we're completely broke!>
Haruka: Hehe.
Ex-ASRUN Member: <Oh, sorry. I have to get back to work. Good luck, Haruka! I'll be rooting for you!>
Haruka: Okay. Thanks.
Haruka: Thanks... So much...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Haruka: Good morning, Minori.
Minori: Oh! Morning! Great, you're back to your usual self now!
Haruka: How so?
Minori: Well, you seemed so distracted yesterday...
Haruka: (Oh, she was trying to ask me something yesterday too, wasn't she? I see. She was worried about me.)
Haruka: Thank you, Minori. I feel much better now.
Minori: Really? That's great!
Haruka: (People haven't had a chance to get to know Minori yet, but...)
Haruka: (I'm sure people will see her potential someday. The four of us need to keep trying to make it happen.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Sorry I took so long, everyone...
Haruka: Huh? You're the only one here, Airi?
Airi: Shizuku said she'll be late because she has cleanup committee stuff to do. What about Minori?
Haruka: She'll be late because of an animal caretaker committee meeting.
Airi: Ah, okay. Then how about we start with some stretches then?
Haruka: Okay.
(Black cut)
Airi: One, two, three, four... Come to think of it, it's kind of rare for us to be alone together, huh?
Haruka: Yeah.
Airi: ...
Airi: Hey, can I ask you something...?
Haruka: Sure, but... Is something wrong?
Airi: No, there's something that's been on my mind ever since we decided to freelance.
Airi: When we were running around trying to find an agency we could join, I was thinking that maybe...
Airi: No, not maybe... You were trying to protect us from whatever we would face, weren't you?
Haruka: ...
Airi: Especially when I suggested that we go independent, you said maybe you were being too stubborn...
Airi: But I don't think that's the case.
Airi: Shizuku and I quit because we didn't like how our agencies were treating us or we had problems with other group members.
Airi: It felt like you were being the most careful out of all of us and kept voicing your opinion about one thing after another.
Haruka: Yes, I would be lying if I said I wasn't, but I wouldn't say I was being as careful as you believe I was.
Haruka: Our futures depended on it, so I just wanted to clear up any concerns or doubts we may've had before moving forward.
Haruka: Also...
Airi: Also?
Haruka: I didn't want us to make the same mistakes again.
Airi: ...
Haruka: It may've been for different reasons, but we all gave up being idols once already...
Haruka: But after meeting Minori, we were somehow able to get back on our feet again.
Haruka: Because of that, I was determined not to let the hope that Minori had given us to go to waste.
Airi: Yes. I feel the same way too. And I'm sure Shizuku does as well.
Haruka: Right...
Haruka: But because I was so focused on that, I wasn't able to think out of the box at all.
Haruka: So even though I was surprised when you suggested going independent, I'm actually grateful that you brought it up.
Airi: Maybe it's just human nature... Getting bogged down in our own thoughts.
Airi: If Rin hadn't listened to what was on my mind, I would've probably stayed stuck too.
Haruka: Yeah. We should definitely try to take some time to have more discussions together in the future.
Airi: We should.
Airi: But at any rate...
Haruka: Huh?
Airi: You really are the responsible type, huh?
Haruka: Oh? I think you're no different in that regard...
Airi: You're by far the most responsible person I've ever known. It's really reassuring to have you around!
Airi: I'll be counting on you, Haruka.
Haruka: Sure. And I'm counting on you too, Airi. Let's make the best of it, okay?
(Black cut)
