163_Haruka Kiritani_R3 An Idol's Duty (event_11)

Gacha phrase: What can I do for Shizuku...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: (The perfect idol... Never able to be her usual self...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Haruka: (We have to prepare for whichever path Shizuku ultimately decides to choose...)
Haruka: Alright, that's probably enough for dance practice today. Let's start discussing what we'll be doing for our next stream.
Minori: Yeah! We should do whatever we can right now in order to help Shizuku!
Haruka: How does that sound, Airi?
Airi: ...
Minori: Airi?
Airi: Oh, sorry. Um... Our next stream, right?
Haruka: You seem really worried about Shizuku...
Airi: Well, yeah...
Minori: ...
Haruka: (Of course she is. It'd be strange if she weren't.)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Shizuku: I'm sorry... May I have some time to think this over?
Shizuku: I... I promise to find the answer.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Haruka: (Friends are supposed to be there to lend a hand at times like this, but what can we do to help...?)
Airi: ...
Haruka: Airi, why don't you go and see Shizuku?
Airi: Huh?
Haruka: I completely agree that Shizuku will have to make her own decision...
Haruka: But even so, that doesn't mean she has to bear this burden all by herself.
Airi: ...! You're right, Haruka.
Airi: I'm gonna go look for her!
Minori: Okay! Good luck!
Haruka: We're counting on you.
Minori: Alright! That means we'll need to come up with enough ideas for streams to make up for their absence!
Haruka: Sure, that sounds like a plan. Let's start by finding some videos to use as reference.
Minori: Okay!
(Black cut)
Haruka: (Oh, this dance group's video is incredible. Every move is synchronized perfectly, right down to their hand gestures...)
Haruka: (They even have a camera filming their feet. It really adds a lot of value.)
Haruka: (They seem to know exactly how to make their dancing look the coolest.)
Minori: ...
Haruka: Minori, what do you think about this dance group...?
Minori: Huh? What...?! Sorry, Haruka...!
Haruka: ... You're worried about Shizuku too?
Minori: Y-Yeah...
Minori: Every time I try to come up with an idea, I can't help but come back to something that has to do with getting to know the real Shizuku.
Minori: Haha. But I really shouldn't be since she hasn't even found her answer yet...
Haruka: That's true, but we'll need to come up with different ideas that can work with whatever she decides to do.
Haruka: So I'd still like to hear what you have in mind as well.
Minori: Really?! In that case... Gasp...!
Minori: H-H-H-Haruka...! Y-you're so...!
Haruka: Huh? I'm so...?
Minori: N-N-Never mind! I-It's n-n-n-n-nothing!
Haruka: But you're all red now. You're not coming down with a fever, are you? Here, let me check your temperature...
Minori: W-W-W-Wah...!
Airi: Sorry, I forgot one of my... Hm? Haruka? What are you doing?
Haruka: Minori looked like she might have a fever, so I was checking her temperature.
Airi: What?! Are you okay, Minori?! We should get you to...
Minori: Waaahhh! N-No, I'm fine!
Minori: I just didn't expect Haruka to get so close, and was startled is all...!
Airi: Oh, that's what was going on? But I kind of miss those reactions of yours!
Haruka: You would get so nervous whenever we spoke back when we first met too.
Minori: O-Of course! I mean... You're the idol I've been looking up to all this time, Haruka!
Minori: I think my heart is finally starting to get used to the fact I actually know you, but I still get the occasional jolt!
Minori: Sigh... But what am I doing?! I should be focusing on coming up with ideas, and helping Shizuku!
Airi: Okay, we get it. Try to calm down.
Minori: Oh, right...! Sorry...
Haruka: Try not to worry about it so much.
Minori: But... Shizuku's having such a hard time...
Haruka: Which is exactly why I think we should try not to act any differently than we usually do.
Airi: She's right. If we start looking all discouraged, Shizuku's gonna think that's her fault too.
Haruka: Right. The best thing we can do is keep smiling to let her know everything is going to be fine.
Minori: Haruka... Airi...
Minori: Okay, I'll do my... Gasp!
Haruka: What is it this time?
Minori: I had an idea for a video too, but I forgot what it was...
Haruka: Pfft... Hehehe.
Airi: Oh, Minori...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Sorry I took so long, everyone...
Minori: Haruka! Airi! H-How did it go?
Haruka: The school gave us permission to continue using the rooftop for practices and streams.
Shizuku: Really?! That's great.
Minori: Yeah! I was worried because they didn't sound too sure about it when we talked to them before we started.
Airi: Right. That's why I went in expecting to have to really argue our case and do whatever we had to...
Airi: But they greenlit us just like that... It felt a kind of anti-climactic.
Haruka: Our videos have had a great response. Especially, the one where Shizuku talks about her feelings. Maybe they thought it was great PR for the school since it received so much attention.
Airi: The fact they have a credit-based course here is probably a big selling point for them since it makes it really easy for everyone in the entertainment industry to attend.
Minori: I see...!
Haruka: But we'll need to be more careful if we're going to continue doing this at school.
Haruka: The majority of the students aren't in the entertainment business, so we don't want to cause them any trouble.
Minori: Oh, right. It wouldn't be good if a lot of fans or news reporters started showing up here.
Shizuku: We may be fine now, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't keep that in mind.
Airi: So the first thing we should probably do is...
Haruka: Set up a way to contact us, maybe? As it stands, people might end up coming to our school directly...
Haruka: We'll need a portal for contacting us about possible job opportunities as well.
Airi: Yeah. If someone wants to get in touch with us and doesn't know how, they might just call the school or something.
Airi: It'd be nice to have a phone dedicated to this, but we'll have to make do with just an email address for now.
Minori: Whoa! It's really starting to feel like we're actually idols!
Shizuku: Hehe. We'll have to work hard to make sure that phone gets lots of calls.
Airi: So other than getting that set up... What else do we need to do...?
Haruka: Probably a way to deal with contracts.
Minori: Contracts? You mean like agreements that say we won't do any commercials for rival companies? That sort of thing?
Haruka: Yes. Agencies usually have lawyers on retainer to look over contracts, but we'll have to do everything ourselves for the time being.
Shizuku: We have a certain responsibility as the ones accepting these offers too, so it's definitely something we should pay close attention to.
Airi: I'd definitely be happy to get an offer, but we'll probably just be focusing on our videos to grow our fan base for now.
Haruka: Oh, there's one more thing... It's actually very important...
Haruka: We may have experience in the industry, but as far as society is concerned, we're still minors. We're sure to run into situations where we'll need parental approval.
Haruka: So we need to make sure our parents understand what we're doing too.
Minori: Oh, yeah... That's true.
Minori: But don't worry about me! They haven't been against what I've done so far, so I'm sure they'll be supportive!
Haruka: (Hehe. I haven't met her mother, but I get the feeling she and Minori are very alike.)
Airi: Same here. When I told them about us doing streams, they basically said, Go get 'em!
Shizuku: My family should be supportive as well.
Haruka: That's good to hear.
Haruka: Sorry, everyone... Today's meeting got a bit heavy.
Shizuku: It's okay. I figured we'd need to have this discussion at some point.
Minori: That's right! I'm still brand new to all this, so I learned a lot just from today's talk!
Airi: Yeah. I feel much more ready now too, so I'm actually grateful you brought it up.
Haruka: Thanks, everyone.
Haruka: (It's going to be difficult for the four of us to handle everything, and there's no telling what will happen.)
Haruka: (But as long as we put our heads together, I'm sure we'll figure out a way to deal with whatever comes our way.)
Haruka: (We made the decision to freelance, so now we have to step up and take responsibility.)
Haruka: Shall we get back to business? It's time to discuss our plans for the next stream!
(Black cut)
