191_Haruka Kiritani_R4 You Deserve It (event_17)

Gacha phrase: You'll always be an idol, Minori.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[A few days before the show]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Okay, that should be enough practice for today.
Minori: Yeah! Great work everyone!
Minori: I'm gonna head home now!
Haruka: Stay safe.
Airi: Minori's really been putting everything into it lately.
Shizuku: She has, but I hope she isn't pushing herself too hard.
Airi: Yeah, I'm a little worried about that too...
Airi: But she's been singing and dancing really well, so I feel like we should let her be for now.
Haruka: I'm sure she'll be fine...
Haruka: She even asked me the other day to believe in her...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Haruka: So I feel like I should honor her request.
Airi: Believe in her, huh?
Haruka: By the way, are you two free after this?
Shizuku: Yes, I have some time.
Airi: Same here, as long as I'm not out too late...
Haruka: In that case, how does a little shopping sound? I'd like to look for a few things that might help Minori stay in good shape.
Shizuku: Things for staying in good shape?
Haruka: Yes. For example, an icy spray that helps prevent muscle aches after you do a hard workout...
Shizuku: I see. That sounds much more serious than what I had in mind.
Haruka: Right, okay... That might've been a bad example...
Airi: Sometimes you sound more like an athlete than an idol, Haruka.
Haruka: Haha. I did play basketball for a while too...
Haruka: But I'm glad I asked. This is why I'd like some help with finding something for Minori.
Shizuku: Hehe. Of course we'll help. It's for Minori's sake, after all.
Airi: But you're gonna have a lot to choose from...
Haruka: Right. Maybe something that can help her relax might work since I feel like she's always pushing herself so hard...?
Airi: Yeah... Then how about some bath salts?
Airi: Their color and fragrance alone have a great relaxing effect. I'm sure she'll feel a lot better even after a quick dip!
Haruka: I see.
Shizuku: Or maybe even a CD with some relaxing sounds or music...?
Shizuku: The ones with birds chirping or babbling brooks are much less expensive than regular CDs, so you could get her quite a few.
Haruka: That also sounds nice. A good night's rest would go a long way for Minori too.
Airi: Alright, it sounds like we have a plan! Let's get going, shall we?
Haruka: Let's!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

Minori: Oh, everyone else is already here. Good morning...!
Haruka: Good morning, Minori. Do you have some time before we start?
Airi: We thought you deserved a little reward for all your hard work lately so... Here!
Minori: Oh...! Floral bath salts! It's so cute too!
Airi: It'll definitely help your mind and body relax more too!
Airi: A nice bath with this is the best cure for a hard day's work!
Shizuku: And my gift is this... A relaxing CD featuring the sounds of little birds chirping. I'm sure it'll help you get a good night's rest.
Minori: Oh, wow...! Thank you so much, Shizuku!
Haruka: And last but not least, me... I had Airi and Shizuku help me pick this one out.
Minori: A heated eye pillow...? With a penguin design!
Haruka: Hehe. There's even a little pocket that lets you put in aroma packets to help you relax even more.
Haruka: It's the same as the one I use at home, but in a different color. They work quite well.
Minori: Huh?! That means... Mine matches yours?!
Haruka: It does. Also, as much as I like penguins, I was sort of worried about getting you the same thing...
Minori: No, I'm happy you did! Thanks, Haruka!
Minori: And thank you again, Airi, Shizuku! I'm so... So happy that...!
Airi: Oh, you big baby! You don't need to exaggerate.
Minori: B-But...! Your gifts are so thoughtful...
Haruka: Minori...
Haruka: And we're going to believe in you just like you asked too.
Haruka: So let's make sure our show becomes a big success!
Minori: Haruka...!
Airi: Alright, let's give it everything we've got today too!
Minori & Haruka & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: (I ended up coming here at our usual time anyway...)
Haruka: (We all agreed to practice on our own this morning instead of gathering like always since we just had our show...)
Haruka: Oh...
Minori: ...
Haruka: Good morning. You came too, Minori?
Minori: Huh...? Haruka...?
Haruka: You look sleepy. Are you alright?
Minori: Hehe. Our show went really well yesterday, right? It made me so happy that I couldn't fall asleep last night...
Haruka: And that's why you look so tired.
Minori: Yeah... But you're here too so... *Yawn*... We should stretch...
Haruka: (Minori's about to fall asleep...)
Haruka: Minori, would you mind doing something for me?
Minori: Yes...?
Haruka: To be honest, I'm feeling a little tired too.
Haruka: It'd be bad if we fell asleep during class, so what if we both took a little nap until Airi and Shizuku get here?
Minori: Mhm, okay...
Haruka: Thanks. Come sit next to me, okay?
Minori: ...
Haruka: Here, you can rest your head on my shoulder.
Minori: Mhm, thanks...
Minori: Um... Haruka...?
Minori: Our show went well yesterday, right? It wasn't a dream...?
Haruka: It did. It went well and it wasn't a dream.
Minori: Okay...
Minori: You guys really are amazing...
Haruka: Huh?
Minori: I'm trying to learn everything that you and the others learned a long time ago.
Haruka: Yeah...
Haruka: The butterflies you feel during a live show, that sense of satisfaction from when you're singing and dancing perfectly in sync, the power you receive from the fans cheering and applauding...
Haruka: We've experienced all of that...
Haruka: But this is the first time we've performed with someone like you, Minori.
Minori: Oh...
Haruka: I'm sure we'll experience a lot of firsts together.
Minori: Hehe. Okay...
Minori: I can't... Wait...
Minori: Zzz... Zzz...
Haruka: Sleep tight, Minori...
Haruka: (Oh, she might catch a cold like this. I'd like to give her my jacket, but moving could wake her up...)
Airi: I knew it! You are here! Morning, Haruka... M-Minori?!
Shizuku: Hehe. She's sound asleep.
Haruka: Perfect timing. Could you drape that jacket there over Minori?
Shizuku: This one? There you go.
Haruka: Thanks, Shizuku.
Minori: Mhm...
Shizuku: Hehe. She's sleeping like a baby.
Haruka: She really is. Apparently, she was so happy that our show went so well that she couldn't fall asleep yesterday.
Airi: Oh, I remember that feeling. I felt the same way after our first release event.
Shizuku: Me too. We really do all go down the same paths, don't we?
Haruka: You're right.
Airi: Hmm... We'll end up waking her if we start practicing. Maybe we should cancel practice for today and give ourselves a little break?
Haruka: I agree. Maybe we should cancel our lunch practice as well and just do something light in the evening?
Shizuku: Sure. That sounds fine.
Minori: Zzz... Zzz...
Airi: It's pretty bold of her to use the shoulder of the person she's idolized so much as a pillow, don't you think?
Airi: I know! We should take a picture as evidence this actually happened!
Shizuku: Hehe. Oh, Airi...
Haruka: Okay, but try not to wake her...
(Black cut)
