222_Haruka Kiritani_R4 In The Face Of "What I Love" (event_23)

Gacha phrase: S-So cute...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Haruka: (I found so many things that I still need to work on during practice this morning...)
Haruka: (How I transition into my dance routine in particular. I may want to speed it up and even add a couple more moves...)
Saki: Aha! There you are, Haruka! Good morning!
Ichika: Good morning, Kiritani.
Haruka: Tenma, Hoshino, good morning.
Saki: Hehe...
Haruka: Hm? You seem awfully happy, Tenma. Did something good happen?
Saki: Heh heh heh... Today might actually be your lucky day, Haruka...!
Haruka: Huh?
Ichika: She apparently found something that you might really like, Kiritani, and she's been saying, I can't wait to tell her! all morning.
Haruka: Something I might like?
Saki: Yup! The answer is... The Penguin Cafe!!
Haruka: *Gasp*...! Th-The Penguin Cafe?!
Saki: Yeah! It's a cafe that carries tons and tons of cute penguin merch!
Saki: They don't have real penguins or anything, but it's filled with penguin goods in return!
Ichika: The picture I saw was pretty incredible too. The menu's even penguin-themed and also really cute.
Saki: Lemme show you, Haruka! I took a screenshot yesterday...
Saki: This! Check it out!
Haruka: Wow, you're right... It's wall to wall penguin goods!
Saki: Told you so! I knew you'd like it!
Saki: I'd normally say that we should go sometime but...
Saki: We've been spending more time on band practice, so it's been kinda tough to find a good time...
Ichika: It would've been nice to go together.
Saki: But that's okay! You can still enjoy it by yourself or invite Minori and everybody else, so I hope you'll get a chance to go and have fun there♪
Haruka: Tenma, Hoshino... Thank you.
Haruka: I'll try to find the time to go with everyone.
Haruka: But I'd also like it we went together sometime too.
Saki: Yeah, totally...!
Ichika: I'd like that too. Let's go when we all have a day off...!
Haruka: Hehe. Promise?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haruka's Room]

Haruka: Phew...
Haruka: (Homework's done and I have some ideas for our stream...)
Haruka: I think I'll take a quick break...
Haruka: I feel like I should clean my room sometime too. I've been so busy lately, I haven't really had the chance...
Haruka: Hehe. I could even change which penguins I have out and about too.
Haruka: ...
Haruka: (But that penguin cafe... It was so cute...)
Haruka: (Penguin plushies alone almost feel like enough, but they had so many other cute penguin-themed things there too...)
Haruka: (I... I can't think of a happier place...)
Haruka: The Penguin Cafe...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: I think you should take a little break.
Shizuku: If you don't find some time to relax, I'm afraid that your body won't be able to keep up.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: (Shizuku did say that...)
Haruka: ...
Haruka: No, I need to work on our stream so that we can get our name out there more first...
Haruka: I just went to Phoenix Wonderland with Minori the other day too...
Haruka: Oh, that reminds me...
Haruka: I took down some ideas about fan service when we went to PXL.
Haruka: It'll probably even compliment the idea I just came up with for our stream...
Haruka: Okay, break time's over...
Haruka: I'll polish up this idea before I go to bed.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: One, two, three, four...
Shizuku: Phew... Thank you, Haruka. Let's switch. I'll help you stretch now.
Haruka: Oh, one second. I should take my phone out of my pocket first...
Shizuku: Oh, did you get a new strap for your phone...?
Haruka: I did. I saw it at the Penguin Cafe yesterday and it was sort of love at first sight.
Shizuku: You mean blue and green penguins that you were looking at?
Haruka: Yeah. I couldn't decide in the end, so I got both. I've been swapping them out periodically.
Shizuku: Hehe. That's nice. I'm glad you're having fun with them!
Minori: Haruka! Shizuku! Good morning!
Airi: You're both here pretty early.
Haruka: No, I really only just got here.
Shizuku: I wanted to stretch for a while before we got started and came a little early.
Minori: Oh, okay! It also sounded like you were having a fun conversation. What were you talking about?
Haruka: The phone straps I bought at the Penguin Cafe.
Minori: That place was so much fun! So many penguin goods too...!
Airi: It really was. Not only was the food pretty good, all the penguin motifs they used for the menu were so cute!
Minori: Yeah♪ We even got lucky with the figure that came with our big parfait!
Haruka: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shop Clerk: Congratulations! Only one in ten of these figures is paired as parent and child like this! Today's your lucky day!
Haruka: They're a family...?! I can have this?! Are you really sure?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: (I think I got a little too excited that time...)
Shizuku: Haruka, is something wrong...?
Haruka: Oh... Uh...
Haruka: I was just thinking about that and I feel a little embarrassed about how I acted.
Minori: Wait, you are? I thought it was nice to see you having so much fun for a change.
Haruka: Oh, really...? You didn't think it was strange seeing me like that? You know, as my fan...?
Shizuku: Haruka...
Minori: ...
Minori: Then if you'll allow me to speak on behalf of your fans...
Haruka: Yes, give it to me straight.
Minori: Okay.
Minori: It was the best thing ever...!!
Haruka: It was...?
Minori: The Haruka Kiritani we all know is the perfect idol who always sparkles because she's so cool and pretty...
Minori: But in front of penguins and sweets, you go back to being a cute and innocent girl!!
Minori: That gap, it was almost too much...! Just pure and simple cuteness!
Haruka: ...
Shizuku: I'm glad...
Airi: Yeah, but you ended up hitting her Haruka switch...
Shizuku: Hehe. It's valuable input from one of our most precious fans. We should hear her out.
Minori: I'm certain that the innocence you showed back there has the power to win over even more people!
Minori: But at the same time, are we even worthy of seeing you in such a blissful state?!
Minori: And we obviously are definitely not!
Minori: Regardless, I'm at the point of wanting to shout at the top of my lungs from here to let your fans know about this!
Minori: That there's a side to the Haruka we all know and love we didn't know anything about! 
Haruka: Minori...
Shizuku: Hehe. Since Minori's going this far, I'm sure you have nothing to worry about.
Haruka: Yeah, I suppose so.
Haruka: Thanks, Minori. I feel a little better now.
Haruka: But I can't act like that on a regular basis, especially in front of our fans..
Airi: That is true...
Minori: Aww... That's too bad...
Airi: But you don't have to put on a face when you're with us, okay?
Shizuku: She's right. We'd rather see you in your natural state, Haruka.
Haruka: Thanks, you two. I'll try keeping that in mind...
Shizuku: Great!
(Black cut)
