266_Haruka Kiritani_R4 Together With Our Little Fans (event_31)

Gacha phrase: Hehe. You got this!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Haruka: I wonder if Miku and the others are here... Ah...
Miku (MMJ): Good luck! And give Airi my regards♪
MEIKO: Oh! Hi, girls! Welcome♪
MEIKO: Is Airi with you by chance?
Luka: Incidentally, Len just went off to see her about getting some advice concerning his show...
Shizuku: No, she isn't with us. I'm sure he'll be able to see her.
Minori: Actually, the three of us came here in secret...
Miku (MMJ): Oh, why's that...?
Haruka: Well... There's something we'd like to discuss with you...
(Black cut)
Miku (MMJ): I see...
Luka: Even though she's an idol in her own right, she wasn't seen or lauded as a real idol. That must've been so hard for her to deal with...
Shizuku: Yes, I'm sure it was. She was also worried about how she wasn't giving back or delivering hope to anyone...
Minori: That's why we came here. We want to find a way to cheer her up...
Haruka: One idea we had was to have Airi do a special performance on her own.
Miku (MMJ): Just her?
Haruka: Yes. We're pretty certain that the students at the elementary school already know all about her.
Haruka: But we also want her to sing, dance and interact with them to show everyone that she's an idol in every sense of the word.
Shizuku: I'm sure Airi would like that as well since it'll give her a chance to spread her wings and show them what a wonderful idol she is.
Miku (MMJ): I see. That sounds fantastic!
MEIKO: I agree! Especially since Airi's a total pro when it comes to performing on stage...
MEIKO: It'll be a great opportunity for them to see just how great an idol she really is, no?
Luka: Yes, it should be♪ Oh, but weren't you already scheduled to perform during this event?
Haruka: Yes, we'll be performing as a group, but we'll have Airi do an extra show on top of that. At least, that's our plan...
Miku (MMJ): Oh, is there something that might prevent that from happening...?
Haruka: Yes, there are some issues we'll need to work out...
Haruka: First, Airi's going to have to practice just that much more since she'll be doing an extra performance...
Haruka: We're still not even sure about what she should sing during this because it's a solo act...
Miku (MMJ): I see...
Miku (MMJ): But all of you believe doing a solo performance would yield the greatest benefit for her, right?
Haruka: Right...
Shizuku: Yes, I'd also really like to give her a chance to stand proudly on that stage and sing to her heart's content.
Minori: Me too! I've seen how Airi shines on stage and looks so cute when she's up there, so I want everyone else to also see that for themselves!
Miku (MMJ): Then, I say let's do it...!
Haruka: Let's...?
Miku (MMJ): Like you said, Haruka, we're going to be asking a lot of Airi on top of having to pick the right song for her to sing.
Miku (MMJ): But despite all that, you want her to do this, right?
Miku (MMJ): Why don't we put our heads together and try to figure something out?
Haruka: Miku...
MEIKO: We'd be happy to help too♪ Right, Luka?
Luka: Yes, of course! She means just that much to all of us, so I believe it'll be worth the effort♪
Luka: And I'm sure Airi will be happy to hear that she'll have more song options to choose from!
Luka: So happy that she might just say, Who's gonna say no to more stage time?...♪
Minori: Hehe. That was perfect! I think she really might!
Shizuku: Of course.
Shizuku: That's because she's an idol who can really inspire hope in others.
Haruka: Right...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: Yeah, you're right. We all decided that we're gonna spread hope to others, didn't we? That means we have to take on whatever challenges that come our way.
Haruka: You're right... There's never just one path.
Haruka: Airi, thank you for suggesting this. I... I think I was being a little stubborn.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: (Oh, I did it again...)
Haruka: Thank you, Miku. You too, Luka, MEIKO. I think I let my stubbornness get the best of me again.
Haruka: Everything you said is correct. We're not the ones who should be deciding what Airi can or can't do.
Haruka: It's important to understand the risks behind our choices...
Haruka: But we're idols who want to spread hope to everyone, so we should also strive to be able to turn bad into good!
Haruka: Minori, Shizuku, let's go with this!
Minori & Shizuku: Yeah! Okay!
Minori: Oh, that reminds me! What if we also did this...?
Minori: Airi should get as much time as she needs to practice her song and dance routine, so why don't we do whatever we can to make that happen?
Shizuku: Oh, I like that too! We can be in charge of making and gathering props for the quiz and such!
Haruka: Great idea. The three of us can help reduce her workload by quite a bit if we work together...
Miku (MMJ): That just leaves which song to choose!
Haruka: Right. I was hoping to have her sing a song that means something to her. Any ideas...?
Luka: What if she sang her group's debut track or anything from around the time she was just starting out as an idol...?
Luka: It can mark the start of a new chapter in her story as an idol♪ And more importantly, as a member of MORE MORE JUMP! 
Minori: Yeah, that'd be great! I remember her saying that Rainbow Garland was one of her favorites!
Haruka: Yes, it is a good idea...
Shizuku: However, we also have to think about how we're going to get permission to use these songs.
Haruka: Exactly. We might not receive permission in time for this event if we have to jump through all those hoops.
Minori: R-Right...
Haruka: Sorry, Luka. It's such a nice idea too.
Luka: Don't mind me♪ Rules are rules.
MEIKO: What if you asked one of the higher-ups directly? Wouldn't that be the fastest way of getting permission?
Minori: Ask them directly...?
Shizuku: One of the higher-ups...? Like one of the writers...?
Haruka: Huh? Y-Yeah... I guess that's one way to go about this...
Shizuku: Wait, I know...!
Haruka: Do you have a lead?
Shizuku: Yes, I believe I do...! Please, leave this one to me!
Haruka: Okay, it's all yours!
Haruka: But don't be afraid to ask for help if you run into any trouble, okay?
Shizuku: Thank you! I promise!
Minori: So how are we gonna tell her all this...?
Haruka: We'll have to work out what we'll be doing for our sneak preview, how to reveal what Airi's going to be doing as well as any other relevant details.
Haruka: If we are actually going to announce this during our event preview, we really don't have much time to prepare.
Minori: I'm sure we'll make it in time as long as we work together!
Shizuku: I agree. I'll do everything I can if it means helping Airi!
Miku (MMJ): We'll be there for you too if you need us!
Haruka: Thank you all so much. We really appreciate it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: (Airi's always looking after us to make sure we function well as a group.)
Haruka: (She really knows how to keep conversations going and when to throw in a joke or two...)
Haruka: (She's become the foundation on which our group stands because of all that.)
Haruka: (And now, it's our turn to help her...)
Haruka: Let's do everything we can for Airi!
Minori & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Haruka: Good morning.
Saki: Oh, good morning, Haruka!
Haruka: Morning, Tenma.
Saki: Were you practicing on the rooftop this morning? I think I caught a glimpse of you guys.
Haruka: Yes, that was us.
Saki: Um... Can I ask you another question? Did Airi come to school today?
Haruka: Huh? Airi? Yes, she was practicing with us.
Saki: Okay...
Haruka: (She seems anxious...)
Haruka: (Oh, I think I know why...)
Haruka: Would you like to meet Airi?
Saki: What?! H-How did you know?!
Haruka: Hehe. I've been blessed enough to be able to meet quite a few of my fans up to this point.
Haruka: As a result, I can sort of tell what a person's thinking based on their facial expression.
Saki: Y-You can...?! That's amazing, Haruka!
Saki: C-Can I really meet her...? There's something I really want to tell her!
Haruka: Sure. I'll ask Airi to set aside some time before we practice during lunch.
Saki: Awesome! Thank you so much!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Thanks for waiting.
Minori: Hi, Saki!
Airi: Oh, hold on... Didn't we meet in the courtyard once?
Saki: Y-Yes, we did! Thank you for letting me know that my ribbons were coming undone that one time!
Saki: There's also something else that I didn't get to tell you then! Airi, all the hard work you put into being on TV gave me so much courage and hope...!!
Saki: Watching the stream of the graduation event you guys did at that elementary school reminded me of how I felt back then, and...!
(Black cut)
Saki: Thank you for setting aside this time for me. I know you're always busy practicing.
Airi: No, it was my pleasure! I'm glad we got to talk like this.
Saki: Me too! Thank you so much!
Saki: You too, Haruka! Oh, Minori and Shizuku too! Thanks for having me!
Shizuku: Bye, Saki.
Minori: Bye bye!
Minori: You made her so happy, Airi!
Shizuku: Yes, you really did!
Haruka: Thanks for being so accommodating, Airi.
Shizuku: I need to thank you as well, Airi.
Shizuku: She's one of Shii's most precious childhood friends, so what you just did means quite a bit to me as well..
Airi: Hey, I wouldn't be much of an idol if I didn't do stuff like this! Am I right?
Minori: Yeah! You're right, Airi!
Airi: But I should be the one thanking all of you.
Airi: I'm guessing you already know, but...
Airi: Until just recently, I had myself convinced that Variety Show Airi Momoi never really spread any hope to anyone.
Airi: So hearing that some people out there were encouraged by what I did back then couldn't make me happier...
Airi: And they ended up saving me instead of the other way around.
Haruka: Airi...
Minori: But it's so great if you think about it...
Minori: We're doing our best to spread hope to others, but it turns out that our fans have that power too...
Minori: It makes me want to work even harder for them!
Haruka: That's a nice way to look at it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: ...
Haruka: Whenever we're feeling down, whenever we're not feeling great, hearing from our fans is the best cure...
Airi: Yup.
Haruka: (We need to do everything we can moving forward to inspire as much hope as we can in others.)
Haruka: Anyway, we're running a little late, but shall we get started with practice? 
Minori, Airi & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
