295_Haruka Kiritani_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I can't carry all these presents.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

[Class 1-C - Doorway]

Haruka: (Hm...? Why do things seem so lively this morning? Not many students are usually here this early.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-C]

Haruka: Good morning.
Classmates: Good morning, Haruka!
Saki: Mooorning♪
Haruka: What's going on? Why are you all here so early...?
Saki: Heh heh heh. That's because today's your birthday, Haruka♪
Haruka: Huh...?
Saki: Everyone, ready! One...! Two...!
Classmates: Happy birthday, Haruka!
Haruka: Oh wow...! You did all this for me...?
Haruka: Everyone, thank you so much!
Ichika: Hehe. Looks like our surprise was a big success, Saki.
Saki: Yup♪ Ichi, everybody, thank you guys so much for helping out!
Classmates: No, we really wanted to celebrate Haruka's birthday too!
Classmates: Now, it's present time!
Haruka: Wait, presents?
Classmates: I got you some penguin-themed pens and pencils! I really hope you like them!
Haruka: Oh, there's a rockhopper penguin on this one! Hehe. Its eyes are so cute. I promise to cherish it!
Classmates: I got you some cute penguin candies! Here!
Haruka: Oh... These are really cute too! They're adorable. I'm not sure I can eat them.
Classmates: Haruka! I got you a present too!
Classmates: Me too! Me too!
Haruka: (This is incredible! So much penguin merchandise that I've never seen before!)
Haruka: (They must've spent so much time looking for these while keeping in mind how much I like penguins...)
Haruka: Thank you all so much! I'll treasure all of these adorable penguins!
Emu: Haruka, it's your birthday?!
Haruka: Oh, Otori. Yes, it is. My classmates were just throwing me a surprise party...
Saki: Wanna join us Emu? We just got started here, so let's party together♪
Emu: Yay♪ Lemme see... I have some little chocolates, some cookies and...
Emu: Here you go, Haruka! Happy birthday♪ I brought lots of snacks today, so you can have some☆
Haruka: Thank you, but are you sure? You won't have any left for yourself if you give me this much.
Emu: Yeah, you can have them♪ I still have plenty left in my bag☆
Haruka: Okay, that's good. In that case, I gladly accept and will have some later.
Emu: Great☆
Haruka: (Hehe. They gave me so many presents that I'm having a hard time holding onto all of them.)
Haruka: (My fans were always there to celebrate my birthday when I was still in ASRUN...)
Haruka: (But I didn't expect so many people to celebrate me for who I am instead of Haruka Kiritani “the idol”.)
Haruka: (I had the same thought during the Sports Festival, but going back to school was a great decision...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Lunch Break]

Classmates: Hi, Kiritani! Happy birthday!
Haruka: Oh, thank you.
Haruka: (Hehe. Everyone's been wishing me a happy birthday even when I'm just passing through. They must've heard what happened in my class.)
Minori: Oh, Haruka!
Haruka: Thanks for waiting, Minori. And hello to you both, Hinomori, Azusawa.
Shiho: I was just about to go buy lunch is all.
Shiho: Oh, before I forget... Happy birthday, Kiritani.
Haruka: Thank you! I'm guessing you heard what happened in my class.
Shiho: Yeah, we could hear Saki from here. She also kept mentioning that she wanted to throw you a surprise party during band practice.
Haruka: I see... That means she was planning this for quite a while. I'll need to thank her later.
Haruka: (Also...)
Haruka: (I can't express just how much I appreciate Tenma and Hoshino treating me like a regular classmate since I started going back to school...)
Haruka: (Tenma inviting me to help with the Sports Festival even helped me get to know everyone else better.)
Haruka: (I really can't thank them enough.)
Kohane: Oh, um... Kiritani... H-Happy birthday! Here you are...!
Haruka: Oh, Azusawa, thank you!
Kohane: A-Also...! Do you happen to be free after school today?
Haruka: After school?
Haruka: (We're supposed to do a birthday fan meeting in SEKAI later...)
Haruka: I do have plans but they're not too urgent, so I should be fine.
Kohane: Really?! Thank goodness! I'll stop by your class once school's out!
Haruka: Okay, I'll be waiting.
Haruka: Now, Minori, shall we head up to the rooftop?
Minori: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Hey, thanks for waiting! Alright, it's time to start Haruka's birthday stream!
Minori & Shizuku: Yeah!
Comment: <Happy birthday, Haruka!> <Happy birthday♪> <Happy B-Day! Haruka forever!>
Minori: Wow! L-Look at all the comments!
Airi: Yeah, this is great! Sadly, we don't have enough time to go through all of them...
Shizuku: It means they care about you just that much, Haruka!
Comment: <I've been Haruka's fan since her debut!> <Thank you for becoming an idol again!> <Please be an idol forever and ever!>
Haruka: Oh...
Haruka: All these thoughtful words... Thank you, I couldn't be happier. I promise to read through all of your comments later!
Haruka: (I get to connect with my fans again. It really feels like I've returned to being an idol.)
Haruka: (And I'm able to celebrate my birthday with them like this because...)
Haruka: ...
Airi: Anyway, let's move on to our first segment!
Shizuku: Ready, Haruka?
Haruka: I'm ready. Leave it to me!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Kohane: Excuse me... Oh!
Haruka: Azusawa, hello. Thank you for coming to get me.
Kohane: No, I should be thanking you since I was the one who asked first...
Haruka: But is there something you wanted to talk to me about?
Kohane: Hehe. There's actually someone I'd like you to meet. Would you mind following me to the school gate?
Haruka: Someone you'd like me to meet?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Main Gate]

Haruka: An! So this is who you were talking about.
An: Yup! I mean, it is your birthday today, Haruka!
An: So happy birthday!
Haruka: *Gasp* Hehe. Thanks, An.
Haruka: The last time must have been... Elementary school?
An: Yeah. You ended up going to Miya Girls for junior high and were way too busy while you were in ASRUN, so we haven't had a chance since then, huh...?
Haruka: No, we really haven't...
An: But we're gonna celebrate like normal from now on as best friends! Of course, presents included!
Haruka: An...
Haruka: Hehe. Since you're willing to go that far, I'll be expecting something good.
An: Promise not to be too surprised?
An: Here you go! A special pass for Weekend Garage! I know the great Haruka Kiritani's always super busy, so stop by if you ever want some time to relax♪
Haruka: Oh, thank you! Incidentally, the others in my group have been asking me to take proper breaks.
An: Haha. I get what they mean. You pretty much always maintain your idol persona so...
Haruka: Even though I don't actually mean to...
An: Haha. You'll see Kohane and me there too, so just think of it as going over to a friend's house!
Haruka: Right, thanks. I really appreciate it.
Haruka: Oh, also, Azusawa said that she didn't want to intrude and is waiting by the entrance right now...
An: She didn't have to... But I'll be sure to thank her later.
An: Oh, that reminds me! That girl in your group, Minori! She's really good friends with Kohane, right?
Haruka: They seem to be. Minori mentioned before that she's the first friend she ever made in high school.
Haruka: Oh, apparently, they've even gone to PXL together already.
An: I know, right?! I couldn't believe it when I heard that! I mean, it's so unfair! Kohane's my partner...!
Haruka: Hey, I owe Minori a lot too.
Haruka & An: Hehe. Haha.
An: But it's so interesting how our friends ended up becoming friends with each other.
Haruka: It really is. We should all do something together sometime.
An: Oh, that sounds fun! But hands off Kohane!
An: Oh, whoa! Time to go! I'm gonna be late for practice!
An: Kohane!
Kohane: Are you sure you don't want to talk more, An?
An: We talked plenty! And thanks for being so thoughtful, Kohane!
Haruka: I need to thank you as well, Azusawa. I really appreciate what you did for us.
Kohane: Huh?! But I didn't do anything...
Haruka: That's not true. It's been so long since An and I were able to talk like this, so thank you very much.
Kohane: You're welcome...!
Haruka: And thank you for visiting me at school like this, An. It was really fun talking to you.
An: You're welcome!
An: Anyway, I'll see you later! Don't forget to stop by my place when you can!
Haruka: Right, I promise to go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Stage SEKAI]

MEIKO: Oh, that must be her!
Rin: Haruka!
Haruka: Does this mean you're all here to watch our fan meeting?
Luka: Yes, that's right♪ We're here to celebrate with you.
Haruka: Thank you so much. We have some fun ideas planned, so I hope you enjoy them.
Len: Really?! I can't wait to see what you have in store for us!
MEIKO: You're so professional. Despite being today's star, you're still prioritizing how much the audience enjoys things.
Luka: Hehe. That's because she's an idol.
Minori: Oh! Hi, everyone! Hi, Haruka!
Luka: Hello, Minori. Did you finish what you needed to do?
Haruka: Huh? You had something to do, Minori? And what's with all these bags...?
Minori: Oh, um... Th-This was absolutely necessary...
Minori: A-Anyway, try not to mind these!
Len: Minori, the design on those bags... They look like...
Minori: Nooo! She'll see her present...!
Haruka: (Those bags are from that Penguin Cafe we all went to the other day...)
Haruka: (Hehe. I probably shouldn't say anything for now.)
Haruka: I'm sure Airi and the others are busy preparing, Minori, so I'll help out too.
Minori: Okay!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000010/bg_s000010.webp)
Minori: “We will now be presenting the wonderful birthday greetings that Haruka has received! Take it away!”
Ichika: “Kiritani, thank you for letting me and my friends talk to you about our band. You've been a great role model in terms of us becoming professional musicians.”
Saki: “Haruka! Did you hear about the new stuff they put on the menu at the Penguin Cafe?! We should definitely go check it out together sometime♪”
Shiho: “Thank you for always keeping an eye on my sister. I'd also like it if we could chat more about Phenny sometime...”
Emu: “Haruka, it was so much fun being on the Sports Festival committee with you☆ I hope we get to work together on it again and make everything even more fun♪”
Kohane: “I can tell by the way Minori talks about you that you're really a wonderful person, and I'm so happy that we've become friends. I hope we'll have more chances to talk.”
An: “Your special pass won't ever expire, but make sure to stop by, alright? I'll be waiting! Also, there's a little stage inside so we should sing together sometime!”
Airi: “Haruka, you've been so reliable and such a huge help! Along with Minori and Shizuku, let's make MORE MORE JUMP! really something special!”
Shizuku: “Haruka, we weren't able to visit that cafe with the low-sugar desserts, but I promise to find it again and I hope you'll join me when I do!”
Minori: “Happy haaappy birthday, Haruka! You being brought into this world was the greatest thing that's ever happened to me!”
Minori: “So is standing alongside you as an idol! I still can't believe it and I'm still really new to this, but I'm really looking forward to doing more with you!”
(White cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Thank you for joining me in celebrating my birthday today.
Haruka: I can't express how happy I am to return to the stage as an idol and sing for all of my fans.
Haruka: And I want to spread as much hope as I can, as Haruka Kiritani from MORE MORE JUMP!
Haruka: Promise to cheer us on?
Haruka: I'll do everything I can... No, if I say that, I'll make Shizuku and the others worry about me again...
Haruka: I promise to do my best while taking proper breaks from time to time and make this year count.
Haruka: And we'll be looking forward to all of your support moving forward!
(White cut)
