321_Haruka Kiritani_R4 A Street-style Idol?! (event_41)

Gacha phrase: This might be nice to wear every so often.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi)

[Kamiyama Street]

Haruka: (It's been so long since I last visited this place... Actually, when was the last time I did?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

Haruka: Hello.
An: Welcome... Hey, Haruka! What's up?
Haruka: Sorry for the sudden intrusion, but I really just happened to be in the neighborhood.
An's Father: Hey, Haruka. It's been a while.
Haruka: Oh, hello. Yes, it really has.
An's Father: Here, have a seat. Go ahead and take a break for a while, An.
An: Yay, thanks! Haruka, over here!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage Stage]

An: Alright, the tables in the back here should give us a little more privacy.
Haruka: Thanks.
An: Want anything to drink? It'll be on me!
Haruka: Are you sure about that...?
An: Yeah, I mean it! Anything you like!
Haruka: Hehe. Then, I'll have some milk tea.
An: Sure thing! Coming right up!
(Black cut)
An: Here you are.
Haruka: Oh, you even made yourself one.
An: Dad said I could take a break for a while...
An: Which is just his way of saying, “Go take care of Haruka for me!”
Haruka: Oh, An.
Haruka & An: Hehe.
An: Also, the other day was so much fun!
Haruka: When the four of us went out together?
An: Yeah! It was really nice to talk about what we used to do during elementary school too.
An: Oh, speaking of which! I forgot to tell them about the time you brought that bright blue penguin-shaped lunchbox to school!
Haruka: You always bring that up when we talk about stuff like this.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: To me, you'll always be that girl with the bright blue penguin-shaped lunchbox who secretly eats early lunches with a huge grin on her face during class.
Haruka: Th-That was when I was in my penguin craze...
An: The people in class were so taken aback. Some were even wondering if food that blue was even edible!
Haruka: Some of them said it looked cute, though...
An: Really? They did?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: Haha! But it's such a classic!
Haruka: While we're on the subject... Remember what happened during the sports competition when we were in the fifth and sixth grade?
An: Fifth and sixth grade...? Are you talking about when you outran me?!
Haruka: Hehe. Yeah.
Haruka: You and I were supposed to have a duel as the anchors for our respective classes during the relay...
Haruka: But I ended up finishing first because my classmates got the baton to me much sooner than yours...
An: Yeah, I remember that!
An: I was like, “I would've had you if we had another lap to go!”
An: And after that I yelled, “We're having a rematch next year, Haruka! I'm not letting you win next time!”
An: I was pretty upset about losing, huh?
Haruka: Yeah, but...
Haruka: I had to leave partway through the next year because of work.
An: Yeah...
Haruka: I'm sorry it had to be that way, An...
An: Why are you apologizing? Work is work, right?
An: Both of my parents work, so I totally get it. They've been telling me the same thing my entire life.
An: I mean, sure, I was bummed out by what happened, but I'm not mad or anything.
Haruka: You aren't...? That's a relief.
Haruka: And thank you for remembering what we did back then.
An: How can I forget? That's like one of the best things we ever did together.
An: Come to think of it... Isn't that when you really started working out, Haruka?
Haruka: That's right... I was still little, so I really couldn't do much back then.
An: But you're still working out regularly, right? I guess I shouldn't expect anything less.
An: Hmm... I probably wouldn't stand a chance against you right now.
Haruka: Oh? Should I take that as a challenge...?
An: Maybe.
An: Again, I'm not mad about you not racing me then, but we've left things undecided, you know?
Haruka: So, wanna have a quick race at the park?
An: Wait, are you sure? People might see you and say online that, “Haruka Kiritani's running like crazy at the park!!”
Haruka: Hehe. Yeah, right.
Haruka & An: Hehe. Haha.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Diner]

Minori: Thanks for agreeing to this, Haruka. I know you must be tired from practice.
Haruka: Don't mind me. I'm sure you're tired too, right?
Haruka: Also, I've been wanting to look at the digital album Kohane made for us with you.
Minori: Haruka...!
Haruka: Hehe. Anyway, shall we take a look?
Minori: Yeah! Let's see. Where'd I put my phone?
Haruka: I knew that Kohane liked photography, but I didn't realize how good she was at editing photos and putting together albums like this.
Minori: Oh, she said that she asked her dad to teach her how to make digital albums.
Haruka: She learned all that just for us? I'll have to thank her when I see her at school tomorrow.
Haruka: The first picture is... Oh, it's us having dessert at the diner.
Minori: You're right! Those were so yummy too!
Minori: Oh, that reminds me. Kohane was really regretting not taking pictures of you trying on clothes at that street fashion place.
Minori: But she had to make sure not to because it's usually against store policy.
Haruka: I see. I'm glad she thought I looked good in that outfit.
Minori: Of course you looked good! Conversely, is there anything you don't look good in?!
Haruka: What? I really don't think that's the case.
Minori: Are you sure? I would've taken as many pictures of you as I could have if I was allowed to.
Minori: But I'll never forget what I saw that day!
Haruka: Hehe. Oh, Minori.
Haruka: Hm...? Are these stickers in the background?
Minori: Oh wow! They're stars and hearts! That's so cute!
Minori: That's so cool! I didn't know you could edit photos like this!
Haruka: Me neither. These do a really nice job of showing how fun that was too.
Haruka: Oh, I think these are the ones from Phoenix Wonderland.
Minori: Yeah! Oh, look! This is when we went on the merry-go-round together, Haruka!
Haruka: Also... I think she took these in continuous mode. Look, it's like we're moving frame by frame.
Minori: Hehe. It's like Kohane's a professional photographer!
Haruka: She just might be. She captured all these great expressions too.
Haruka: She must have a talent for picturing people in the best light possible.
Minori: Oh, Haruka, look at this one! It's the cutout where you can be Phenny!
Haruka: Haha... Oh geez... I look like I'm in my own little world...
Minori: Hehe. But you're making such a cute face. Great choice, Kohane!
Haruka: (Does this mean I was able to relax a little?)
Haruka: (The face I'm making here's really embarrassing, but it looks like I was genuinely enjoying myself...)
Haruka: (Come to think of it, our stream or anything of the sort came up much during conversations when I was with them.)
Haruka: (Whenever I'm by myself, I seem to naturally gravitate towards my idol persona...)
Haruka: (But I feel like I can just be myself when I'm around An.)
Haruka: (I guess it's because she knows the real me.)
Haruka: (No, it isn't just that...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: Hm? Haruka, is something wrong...?
Haruka: Hehe. I was just thinking that I must've been able to really relax based on the face I'm making here.
Haruka: And I have you and the others to thank for giving me that opportunity, Minori.
Minori: Hehe. Thanks...
Minori: But I'm really happy that I got to hear more from An about Haruka Kiritani before she became an idol.
Minori: It's something I'll never ever forget both as your fan and as your friend!
Haruka: I see.
Haruka: I suppose that means you're the reason I was able to have so much fun...
Minori: Huh?
Haruka: Because you're my dear friend too, Minori.
Minori: ...
Haruka: On our way home that day, you mentioned how you didn't know anything about me before I became an idol.
Haruka: But if you think about it, An doesn't really know much about me after I'd become one.
Haruka: Instead, someone right under my nose was doing her best to learn as much as she could about me...
Haruka: That person's you, Minori.
Minori: *Gasp*... Oh...
Haruka: And you want to know more about me than anybody else, right?
Minori: H-Haruka...!!
Minori: Y-Yes, I'm gonna do everything I can! I'll follow you wherever and learn absolutely everything about you!
Haruka: Oh...
Haruka: (Every time she says that... It makes my heart tickle...)
Haruka: (And I couldn't be happier...)
Haruka: I can't thank you enough, Minori.
(Black cut)
