334_Haruka Kiritani_R2 Present For You! (event_43)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)

[Haruka's Room]

Haruka: (I'm glad our event succeeded.)
Haruka: (There are a few things that we need to work on, but we should be able to go into our next one with our heads held high.)
Haruka: But for now, I need to work on that segment for our next stream...
Haruka: Hm? A message...? Oh, it's from Minori.
Haruka: <I'd like to talk before practice tomorrow morning.> ...?
Haruka: (Did something happen...?)
Haruka: I mean, I'll reply yes but...
Haruka: (What does she want to talk about?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Good morning.
Minori: H-Haruka! Good morning!
Minori: Sorry about asking you to meet like this so suddenly.
Haruka: No, it's okay. Thirty minutes earlier than usual is no big deal.
Haruka: But what is it that you want to talk about?
Minori: R-Right!
Minori: Putting on that event we just did really taught me that I still don't have enough knowledge or experience yet when it comes to these things.
Minori: I see now that what I sometimes think of as being good can be not so great for our fans. I wasn't able to see things from a different perspective before...
Haruka: (Oh...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: I can't believe someone's willing to help us like this! Now, our event might just...
Haruka: Is this the right way to go?
(White cut)
Haruka: By agreeing to have this person help us, we'd be making them “work” instead of having fun, no...?
Haruka: In other words, we'd be forcing our fans to face reality and see what goes on behind the scenes...
Haruka: I want to do everything in my power to make sure our fans get to enjoy our events as fans.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: I apologize for what I said that time, Minori. You were so optimistic and looking forward to everything, while I just...
Minori: What? N-No, don't worry about that! I should be apologizing for not fully understanding how our fans would feel about what I said!
Minori: Also, well...
Minori: I'd like to take more of that into consideration when we're planning for our next event.
Minori: So I want you to tell me more about where you think I need to be more careful moving forward!
Haruka: Minori...
Haruka: Okay, and I'll try my best to give you good feedback.
Minori: Thanks!
Haruka: Let me start by commending you on wanting to be more “careful” since it's a very important part of what we do.
Haruka: It's easy to miss things that you shouldn't be by not giving something the attention it deserves.
Haruka: In terms of knowledge, I can tell you about some things, but I gave a feeling that Airi's the better person to ask.
Haruka: She was a regular on quite a few TV shows, so she probably knows more than any of us about how the production process really works.
Minori: Right! I really appreciate it, Haruka!
Haruka: As for experience, that's just going to take time for you to accrue.
Minori: Oh, yeah... I guess so, huh?
Minori: But I used to be the “zero experience amateur idol”, so I'm not about to let that get me down!
Minori: And I want to keep learning more about being an idol by gaining that experience with all of you!
Haruka: But Minori... You do possess something really incredible. 
Minori: What?! I... I do?
Haruka: Yes.
Haruka: You have the ability to see things from the fans' perspective.
Minori: Oh...
Haruka: Because you'd spent so much time being my fan, you really know what the fans want.
Haruka: That's something the rest of us won't be able to achieve any time soon even if we tried.
Haruka: I believe that the time you spent and the experience you gained as a fan, is just as important as the time the rest of us spent being idols.
Haruka: So I really want you to be proud of having the ability to see things from the fans' perspective.
Minori: ...!
Minori: When we're trying to think of ideas for our stream, Airi's always saying how, “It's important to see things from the fans' perspective.”
Minori: And now I understand. I actually have something to contribute...!
Haruka: Exactly. So I'd like it if you could also keep taking what you believe into consideration as well.
Haruka: I believe you'll get to experience a whole variety of things before you know it if you do, Minori.
Minori: Okay, I'll start by thinking about what I can do for us! Thank you so much, Haruka!
Minori: Hehe. I'm so glad I asked you about this.
Haruka: Likewise. Thank you as well for taking what I said so seriously.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Hello... Oh, Airi, are you the only one up here?
Airi: Yeah, Shizuku's on classroom duty today, so she's gonna be running a little late.
Haruka: I see. Oh, it's Minori turn to take care of the animals today, so she'll be running late too.
Airi: Anyway, let's start with some stretches...
Shizuku: Sorry for being late.
Airi: Hey, Shizuku. You're earlier than expected.
Shizuku: Luckily, all I had to do was write my entry in the class log and take it to the teachers.
Airi: Alright, that just leaves Minori. We can stretch while we wait for her.
Haruka: Okay.
Haruka: Oh, mind if I ask you two something while we stretch?
Shizuku: Yes, Haruka?
Haruka: Why don't we look back upon our event a little during our next stream's talk segment?
Haruka: I'm sure many of our viewers weren't able to join us and would very much like to know what happened.
Airi: Nice idea! That'd be perfect since we built this event from the ground up with our fans.
Shizuku: Yes, it'd also be nice to thank them along with everyone else who came to see us.
Airi: Honestly, I'm so glad it ended up being a success.
Haruka: Hehe. We definitely had some tense moments leading up to it.
Shizuku: Yes, the day of the event didn't exactly go as planned, but it became really fun after we found a place of understanding...
Haruka: Yeah, also...
Haruka: It was so nice to see how everyone who volunteered to become staff genuinely wanted to see our event succeed.
Airi: I know, right? That was really what kept us together...
Shizuku: Ultimately, our event had a cozy, homemade feel to it, which I really liked.
Airi: Yeah, I totally agree! I'm not sure if it was because of that, but everyone seemed to be all warmed up by the time we started the talk portion.
Airi: And after that, the whole place went crazy during the mini-concert! It's like everything fell into place perfectly!
Haruka: Yeah, I guess that's what people call “synergy”...? Anyway, things really did fall into place nicely.
Shizuku: Hehe. This event might not have been possible if Minori didn't suggest so strongly that we try to make it happen.
Haruka: Yeah...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: Putting on that event we just did really taught me that I still don't have enough knowledge or experience yet when it comes to these things.
Minori: I see now that what I sometimes think of as being good can be not so great for our fans. I wasn't able to see things from a different perspective before...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: Minori mentioned how she wished she put more thought into her actions...
Haruka: But at the same time, I believe she's the reason we were able to work with our fans and make this event possible.
Airi: If Minori learns how to couple her ideas with some risk management, I have a feeling that she'll start growing by leaps and bounds.
Shizuku: Hehe. And we'll have to learn more about seeing things from our fans' perspective from her.
Airi: Yeah, she's definitely the best person here to teach us how.
Minori: Sorry for being so late!
Airi: Oh, there's our teacher!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm sure you're tired from committee work, Ms. Minori.
Minori: Huh? M-Ms. Minori?!
Haruka: Hehe. It's not good to tease a teacher like that, you two.
Minori: Y-You too, Haruka?! Why am I a teacher now?
Haruka: Hehe. That's because...
Minori: Because what? Stop laughing and tell me already, you guys!
(Black cut)
