350_Haruka Kiritani_R4 The Future We're Wishing For (event_45)

Gacha phrase: So that I can keep spreading hope.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shrine Hall]

Minori: Now that we've learned the proper etiquette for being shrine maidens, let's give it our best shot!
Shizuku: Yes, let's make sure everyone who visits is able to fondly look back upon this past year and look forward to the next one!
Haruka: Yeah. Oh, but there's something I need to ask you all to do...
Haruka: We've lightly disguised ourselves just in case this time...
Haruka: But in the event that some of our fans do realize who we are, please tell them that, “We're volunteering here on our own time.”
Airi: Good idea. We may also want to ask them to refrain from taking pictures and posting them online.
Minori: Okay! We wouldn't want to cause the shrine or its visitors any trouble so...
Shizuku: Yes, I agree. I'm sure they'll understand as long as we ask them politely.
Minori: Still, Haruka, your fans are gonna be so surprised when they see you here... Dressed as a shrine maiden no less...
Minori: Some might even think that this is a shrine dedicated to you!
Airi: A shrine dedicated to Haruka...?
Minori: Huh? Well, I mean...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

[Kiritani Shrine]

Minori: Alright, we're here! I'm gonna make so many wishes this year!
Minori: Hm? Wait, is that...?
Minori: H-Haruka?! What are you doing here?!
Haruka: This is the Kiritani Shrine, so it's only natural for me to be here.
Minori: Wh-What?!
Minori: I-Is this my reward for working so hard this past year...?!
Haruka: Why don't I make a wish with you? Oh, I could ask for you to have another great year.
Minori: O-Okay!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Minori: Something like that...!
Airi: That didn't make any sense at all!!
Shizuku: You have such a vivid imagination, Minori.
Haruka: Haha...
Shizuku: Oh, doesn't a shrine dedicated to Haruka means that there'd also be a festival to celebrate her?
Haruka: What?
Minori: A Haruka festival?! That'd be amazing!
Shizuku: Wouldn't it also be fun to dance and parade around while carrying a little shrine in her honor?
Minori: Yeah, it absolutely would be! Oh, what if we had lanterns that look like penguins!
Shizuku: Yes, we could even wave around blue glow sticks and offer delicious sweets in celebration.
Minori: We'll need lots of merch too, like charms and ceremonial arrows in Haruka's image...
Haruka: Merch...?
Airi: You've gone from being a shrine maiden to a goddess...
Airi: Do you have any words to offer your overzealous followers, your divineness?
Haruka: I'm the furthest thing from divine, but alright... Ahem...
Haruka: Minori, Shizuku... Hear my words.
Minori: Eep! Th-That voice...!!
Shizuku: It's the great Haruka!
Haruka: This is hallowed ground... You must behave accordingly as the shrine maidens you are.
Minori: Th-Thank you! We will!
Shizuku: We promise not to disappoint!
Minori, Shizuku & Haruka: ...
Airi: Hah! Seriously? None of you came up with a punchline for that?
Haruka: Haha. Sorry about that, you two. Our divine comedy tragically must come to an end.
Minori: Hehe... That actually helped me a lot, Haruka! I feel like I can make it through today now!
Shizuku: I feel the same way! If anything, I'm more inclined to do my part as a shrine maiden now!
Haruka: That's good to hear. But I feel a little embarrassed about my performance just now... I hope no one up there was watching...
Airi: But it worked, didn't it? That's Haruka Kiritani for you!
Airi: Anyway, we should head over soon. Shall we?
Haruka: Okay.
Haruka: (A shrine dedicated to me... I really don't deserve anything like that...)
Haruka: (I just want to make it so all these hopeful visitors get to make their wishes today.)
Haruka: Alright, let's give it everything we have today! Ready?
Minori & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani)

[Shrine Hall]

Haruka: Phew...
Haruka: (I'm starting to get the hang of being a shrine maiden.)
Haruka: (It seems much calmer out there now, so I should be able to check in with the others to see how they're doing.)
Haruka: (Huh...? I see someone hunched over. I hope they're okay.)
Haruka: (It's a girl. She looks around our age. Maybe younger... But I'm not seeing any friends or family members. Is she all alone out here?)
Haruka: E-Excuse me. Is everything okay?
Girl: Y-Yes... I'm just a little tired...
Haruka: I see... But you don't look so well. I think you should rest for a little while.
Haruka: There's a bench right over there where we can sit. How does that sound?
Girl: Th-Thank you...
(Black cut)
Girl: *Sigh* I really appreciate it. I feel much better now.
Haruka: That's good to hear. You really didn't look well back there.
Girl: ...
Haruka: Hm? Are you sure you're okay now? Is something still bothering you...?
Girl: N-No, it's not that...
Girl: I don't know if I should be asking a shrine maiden about this but...
Girl: I... I ran away from home...
Haruka: What? Why...?
Girl: My parents and I got into a fight over my future...
Girl: I really love baking... So I brought up the idea of me going to a vocational school where I can learn to be a patisserie.
Girl: They rejected me by saying I have my head in the clouds...
Girl: That's why I came here. My wish is to make it so they'll say yes to my decision.
Haruka: Yes, I see.
Girl: But I can't actually wish this away, can I...?
Haruka: I believe the opposite...
Girl: Huh?
Haruka: I believe any wish can be granted as long as you have faith in it.
Haruka: By the way, do you have an idea of what it's like to be a patisserie...?
Girl: Yeah, I did some research online, and even asked around at some local bakeries and cake shops.
Girl: They told me that I have to have the mental and physical stamina to be able to cope with a long and arduous process that doesn't always reward you.
Haruka: (Mental and physical stamina...?)
Haruka: (That reminds me of the time a professional pastry chef came to teach ASRUN how to make cakes. They mentioned the exact same thing.)
Haruka: (For a time, they were only allowed to clean and check inventory. And when it got busy, they hardly had enough time to get any sleep.)
Haruka: (But they're always able to get through all of that because they know somebody's waiting for their cake to arrive on their special day.)
Haruka: Oh...
Haruka: Would you mind me asking why you decided to want to become a patisserie in the first place...?
Girl: Huh? Why...?
Haruka: Your parents told you that you have your “head in the clouds”, no?
Haruka: What if they just don't fully know or understand your reasoning behind wanting to become a patisserie? Wouldn't that help convince them of your decision?
Girl: *Gasp*...!
Girl: You're right. I don't think I explained everything to them well enough...
Haruka: If that's the case, I believe you'll have no problem getting them to understand.
Girl: Now I see what they meant by what they said...
Girl: One year, I made my mom a birthday cake and she really loved it. I still remember the way she smiled like it happened yesterday...
Girl: I know that's what I need to tell them now...!
Haruka: Yes, and I'm sure you'll do a wonderful job.
Girl: A-Again, thank you so much... I'm so glad I came here today.
Haruka: Likewise. I'm glad that I could help.
Haruka: But it's starting to get dark, so please watch your step.
Girl: I will! Bye, and thanks again!
Haruka: (I hope I didn't pry too much... Still...)
Haruka: (I hope her dream comes true...)
Shrine Visitor: E-Excuse me! Could you point me towards the shrine office?
Haruka: Yes...! It's right this way!
(Black cut)
