394_Haruka Kiritani_R3 Expressing "Who We Are" (event_52)

Gacha phrase: Costumes that can really show who we are...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Minori: Humhumhum♪
Airi: You sound like you're in a good mood, Minori.
Minori: Because I can't wait for our design competition!
Minori: Hehe. When I get home later, I'm gonna go over all the outfits I've drawn up until now...
Shizuku: Oh, that's right. You mentioned that you drew outfits that you always wanted to wear in your notebook for when you did become an idol.
Haruka: She did. Winning this competition isn't going to be easy.
Airi: Yeah. But that doesn't mean we're letting you walk away with this. I'm at least gonna give it everything I have.
Shizuku: Me too. I'll need to do my best to stay competitive.
Haruka: Oh, also...
Haruka: Since we're all participating, it might be good to make sure we don't all land on the same idea.
Airi: Yeah, true. Do we all know what we're gonna do?
Shizuku: Hmm... I'm sorry. I can't say that I do yet.
Shizuku: My plan is to use my old Cheerful * Days outfits as reference and see where I can go from there...
Minori: My goal's to cram all the things I love into my design!
Airi: Hehe. And we'd expect no less from you, Minori!
Airi: In that case, I think I'll go for something more standard. Something that screams, “I'm an idol!”
Haruka: (I think I'll try designing something that can handle tough dance routines...)
Haruka: (It might be nice since we've all improved so much as dancers since starting our group.)
(Black cut)
Airi: Alright, sounds like we shouldn't end up with anything too similar.
Haruka: Right. Let's give designing these outfits our best shot.
Minori & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haruka's Room]

Haruka: As for the skirt... The hemline can be at about the knees.
Haruka: It's meant to look good while dancing, so I need it to flow somehow... What if I did this...?
Haruka: Hmm... Getting what I'm imagining onto a sheet of paper is harder than I expected.
Haruka: (The outfits we wore when I was still in ASRUN were almost all designed with specific songs in mind.)
Haruka: (They were more meant to match a song's theme as opposed to being “ASRUN outfits”...)
Haruka: (In return, they included designs that made it clear they were a part of a song's story or lyrics...)
Haruka: Oh, that's it. Something that tells a story...
Haruka: I want to tell the story of who we are. I want to tell everyone about how we came to be MORE MORE JUMP!
Haruka: But how do I do that...? How do I tell the story of MORE MORE JUMP!...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Minori: Haruka!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: We've been through so much together...
Haruka: (Looking back... Meeting Minori on the rooftop that day might've been the start of something really special.)
Haruka: Our school's rooftop...
Haruka: (On top of being idols, we're high schoolers.)
Haruka: (I have a feeling that being around the same age as our fans coupled with who we are as a group means we have something genuine to offer.)
Haruka: Alright, I'll go with something that looks like a school uniform...
Haruka: Also, I want it to give us the mobility to take on any dance...
Haruka: It's like I know what I'm doing all of a sudden. I should ride this wave and knock out my first draft!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): Oh, there you all are! Welcome♪
Rin: Welcome♪
Haruka: Hello.
Airi: Perfect. We were hoping to discuss something with all of you.
Miku (MMJ): Discuss?
Haruka: Yes, the thing is...
(Black cut)
Miku (MMJ): That's great, Shizuku! They picked your design!
KAITO: Congratulations, Shizuku.
Rin: We were so worried if you'd be able to design what you were hoping for, but we're glad you found the answer!
Shizuku: So am I. Thank you for giving me such wonderful advice that time.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. You're very welcome.
Minori: What advice?
Shizuku: I came here to ask what kind of outfit I should design when I still wasn't sure what to do.
Shizuku: Miku and the others were kind enough to give me some wonderful hints.
Haruka: I had no idea.
Miku (MMJ): To be fair, all we really did was listen to your story. You're the one who ultimately found the answer.
KAITO: She's right. So, how are your actual outfits coming along?
Airi: We're still working out the details. Shizuku's been taking care of deciding what fabric and materials to use.
Shizuku: We're also asking to see which of our fans would like to help us make them.
Rin: Oh, I hope you get a lot of offers!
Minori: We've actually gotten a lot already! Some even seem to be adept tailors and dressmakers in their own right!
Rin: Wait, really?!
Haruka: Yes, really. They've sent us some of their past works to show us what they can do.
Haruka: The photos of the figure skating outfits and wedding dresses probably surprised us the most.
KAITO: Wow... It sounds like some of your fans are incredible people.
Miku (MMJ): Are they professionals by any chance?
Shizuku: No, they said that it's just a hobby and that they made these for their friends and family.
Miku (MMJ): That's amazing...!
Rin: I... I don't believe it...!
Rin: That means your outfit's gonna look absolutely incredible if you have these people working on your side!
Shizuku: Yes, I've been getting excited just thinking that we get to work with such talented people.
KAITO: That's great. You get another chance to create something together with your fans.
Haruka: Yes, we do.
Haruka: I was worried about showing our fans what goes on behind the scenes during our event the other day...
Haruka: But you were right in the end, KAITO.
Haruka: Idols are able to spread hope to everyone involved in a show, not just the audience.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: Even when I was in ASRUN, I felt that our fans were the ones keeping us propped up...
Haruka: And I was reminded of just how important our fans are to us.
Haruka: As we try to spread hope to them, we receive some of their energy as they cheer for us...
Haruka: They're the ones who keep us on stage.
KAITO: The relationship between idols and their fans is such a beautiful thing.
Rin: Yeah, it is♪ Not only that, you girls built your event from the ground up with your fans and made it a huge success!
Miku (MMJ): She's right. You all came together to make it a reality...
Miku (MMJ): That means you might be able to do something truly special together someday♪
Minori: S-Something truly special?!
Airi: Haha. I hope that ends up being a big event in real life.
Shizuku: Yes, me too!
Haruka: (I still don't know if the way we've been doing things is the right answer or not.)
Haruka: (If anything, I feel like we're being spoiled a little by our fans' passion.)
Haruka: (However...)
Haruka: (I want to keep being “an idol who can spread hope to everyone”. I never want to lose that spark again.)
Haruka: (I have to keep giving back to them. I can't let the energy they've given me go to waste...)
Haruka: (I have to keep doing everything I can.)
(Black cut)
