422_Haruka Kiritani_R4 Perfect Premonition (event_57)

Gacha phrase: I sure hope I was just seeing things...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

(Black cut)
Haruka: Phew... We're finally moving in sync now.
Airi: Yeah. I think we've gotten the hang of our new way of moving front to back and side to side!
Minori: Y-Yay...! After spending so much time practicing it too...
Rin: Yeah! Especially since we kept running into each other in the beginning.
Shizuku: Hehe. Practice makes perfect, no? The more we try, the better we get.
Haruka: But this seems like a good time to take a quick break.
Minori: Hehe... Thanks.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Alright, let's take a rest.
(Black cut)
Haruka: (After this, we can do another run with that formation we just did and...)
Rin: Haaruukaa♪ KAITO said we could have these drinks! Here!
Haruka: Thanks, Rin. I'll be sure to thank KAITO later as well.
Rin: You got it! Oh, KAITO was also asking about your new song.
Rin: I can't wait to hear what it's like either♪ But you said it might not be ready for a while, right?
Haruka: Right. However, we know what kind of song we want it to be and should be receiving a demo of it soon.
Rin: Cool! That's so exciting♪
Haruka: It is. On top of looking forward to hearing it, the person writing it has apparently been a fan of mine for a very long time.
Rin: Really...?! Oh, can you tell me more about them?!
Haruka: Hehe. Sure.
(Black cut)
Rin: She felt hope because of one of your ASRUN songs...? That's amazing!
Haruka: Hehe. Thanks.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: Minori and the others reminded me that I still had hope to give, and our real-life event only helped reiterate that fact...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: Hasegawa's story showed me that I actually reached someone, and I'm really glad that I put in the effort to make that happen.
Haruka: After doing something I can never fix or take back too...
Rin: Oh... Are you talking about your groupmate? The one that lost her voice...?
Haruka: Yes... Her name's Mai...
Haruka: When Mai fell into a slump and couldn't sing, I...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haruka: Mai, tomorrow will always be a better day.
Haruka: Hold on to hope and keep working hard, and I'm sure things will get better.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: Mai was already hard-working to begin with, and I ended up adding fuel to the fire...
Haruka: As a result, she overworked herself and lost her voice...
Rin: Oh...
Haruka: I wish I said something different that time, and I've gone over that conversation in my head more times than I can remember.
Rin: Haruka...
Haruka: But the past can be neither changed nor erased... Which means I have to keep carrying this pain and regret.
Haruka: And yet...
Haruka: Now, we have smiles on our faces.
Haruka: Mai's trying to recapture her shine by performing in a new show.
Haruka: That's why I also want to keep spreading hope as an idol...
Haruka: Because this hope isn't going to spread itself.
Rin: ...!
Rin: You really are amazing, Haruka. So strong and earnest!
Haruka: I'm not strong at all. I wouldn't be performing on stage if it weren't for Minori and the others.
Haruka: Not only that, I feel the need to discuss what's going through my mind with others from time to time like this...
Haruka: Kind of pathetic, huh?
Rin: No, that's not true!
Rin: I wanna know lots more about you, Haruka! The good and bad!
Haruka: Huh?
Rin: This SEKAI and I were born out of your feelings, right? And I may be wrong here, but...
Rin: I have a feeling we're all gonna learn a lot about ourselves by getting to know each other better.
Haruka: Ourselves?
Rin: Yeah! Like what kinds of songs we want to sing, what kinds of shows we want to do and what sorts of feelings we want to project!
Rin: That's why I think it's important for you to talk to us like you're talking to yourself.
Rin: All the good and the bad. The fun and not-so-fun things in life too!
Haruka: Rin...
Haruka: I see... As if I'm speaking to myself...
Haruka: Alright, I might have to ask you to do this again for me.
Rin: Yeah, anytime♪
Haruka: Hehe. Thanks, Rin.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Cafe]

Mai: This cafe seems nice. Thanks for showing me this place.
Haruka: I'm glad you like it. They even have delicious parfaits on top of a great drink menu.
Minori: That's right! Here were have our yummy parfait menu! I recommend the seasonal fruit parfait that's only going to be available for a limited time! 
Mai: Thanks! Hehe. You look adorable in your uniform, Hanasato.
Minori: I do? Hehe...
(Black cut)
Minori: Okay, if that's everything, we'll start working on your order right away!
Haruka: Oh, Mai, congratulations again on closing out your show.
Mai: Thanks, Haruka!
Mai: You really caught me by surprise when you said that you'd be stopping by again to catch our closer.
Haruka: I was initially planning on seeing it in secret, but I decided to let you know just in case anyone realized it was me...
Haruka: But your final performance was incredible. I even got to see you do something a little different compared to when we came as a group.
Mai: Oh, you mean the middle scene? My senior ad-libbed that part.
Haruka: Wait, they ad-libbed that?
Mai: Yeah! They winked their signal at me, but I was like, “No, wait...!”
Mai: Speaking of which... How'd that thing you mentioned before go? Everything better now?
Haruka: Yeah. I appreciate your concern. The thing is...
(Black cut)
Mai: I see... So that's what happened.
Mai: Still, that's so awful. Why would anyone say it's stolen without any proof...?
Haruka: I know, right...?
Haruka: Sorry... I really wanted to tell you earlier when we all went to see your show.
Haruka: But I decided not to since I had a feeling you'd see right through me if I tried fibbing by saying, “There's nothing wrong...”
Mai: No, that's totally fine!
Mai: I'm actually really glad that you let me know that something was going on and didn't try to hide it from me.
Mai: It's just like old times. You trusted me with this sort of information.
Haruka: Mai...
Haruka: Of course I trust you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mai: I want to keep being there for my fans by being the “idol” I want to be...
Mai: That's probably the reason why I'm standing here right now.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: Because you work harder than anyone I know and take being an idol, your dream, very seriously...
Mai: ...!
Mai: You saying that just makes me want to try even harder, Haruka.
Mai: Oh, but I promise not to push myself so hard again!
Haruka: I know you won't.
Haruka: (The past can't be fixed, so our wounds from back then won't heal easily...)
Haruka: But let's keep doing our best without overdoing it.
Mai: Oh... Hehe. Haruka, as earnest as ever.
Mai: But you're right. Let's do our best without overdoing it!
Minori: Thanks for your patience! Here's your special fruit parfait and strawberry parfait!
Haruka: Oh, these look delicious.
Mai: Yeah, they do. Also, they're huge!
Minori: Heh heh heh. That's the best part about this place! The real deal's always better than what you see in the picture!
Minori: Oh, we also have small plates available if you want to share. Would you like some?
Mai: Yes, please!
Mai: Still... Are you sure we can finish these?
Haruka: The whipped cream they use here's nice and light, so it shouldn't give us too much trouble.
Mai: Well, it won't give you much trouble.
Haruka: Huh?
Mai: Nothing. Hehe.
(Black cut)
