485_Haruka Kiritani_R2 Summer! Training Camp! Swimsuit! (event_67)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Haruka: Great practice today, everyone!
Minori & Rin: Great practice!
MEIKO: I really appreciate you girls coming over here so often recently. It's been so fun to practice all these things that require an ensemble.
Shizuku: Likewise. These practices have become a wonderful learning experience. We've been able to try so much.
Airi: Yeah, since I'm also hammering out the details for what we'll be doing during our training camp. I'll have to make a note of everything we've done.
Len: Oh, you mentioned that before. How's that coming along?
Airi: I have a good idea of what kinds of activities and exercises we'll be doing for what purposes.
Airi: Right now, I'm working out the details for those things.
Haruka: I see. Does that mean you've picked out a location for us?
Airi: Yeah, I've got a place picked out.
Minori: You do?! Where?!
Airi: Hehe... Since it's summer and we're doing a training camp...!
Airi: There's only one choice! The beach!!
Minori: Oh, the beach!!
Rin: No fair. A training camp at the beach sounds really fun!
MEIKO: Yes, and sprinting on the beach would be such a nice leg workout!
Haruka: I agree. We could work on our stamina with some swimming and maybe even have a little triathlon event.
Luka: Oh, I guess our definitions of “fun” all vary slightly.
Len: Slightly? I'd say a lot...
Airi: Oh, that reminds me. Haruka, there's something I've been meaning to ask you and everyone else.
Haruka: Us?
Minori: What do you wanna ask?
Airi: I'm trying to keep these activities a secret and planning everything on my own, right?
Haruka: Right. None of us know what we'll be doing and won't be rehearsing anything.
Haruka: Being in the dark is also supposed to give Minori an opportunity to learn how to keep a watchful eye and think on her feet.
Airi: Yeah, exactly!
Airi: Our main objectives for this training camp will be to improve our teamwork and have Minori work on the things you just mentioned.
Airi: However, we'll be streaming for nearly 24 hours, so we'll need to do activities that everyone's gonna want to watch.
Shizuku: True. Simply doing 100 sit-ups and such probably won't be very interesting to our fans.
Airi: That's why I'm asking MEIKO for some advice while trying to figure out how to spice things up...
MEIKO: Hehe. I hope you're looking forward to an intense workout and feeling the pump♪
Minori: Y-Yay...?
Airi: Hehe. It is pretty intense, but there are some things that still concern me...
Haruka: Which is where we come in...?
Airi: Yeah, I went looking for someone to give me an objective opinion to see whether or not the activities I came up with are actually fun and entertaining.
Airi: That was how I ended up contacting this scriptwriter who I met when I was still on the Wide World of Laughs.
Rin: Oh, right. Because you still can't tell the others about what you'll be doing yet.
Airi: Precisely!
Airi: They gave me a quote for their consultation fee, and I think it's a reasonable amount... What do you all think?
Haruka: Okay, that seems fine...
Haruka: So, you decided that you need the help of this writer after coming up with a list of ideas?
Airi: Yeah, since we're not on the rooftop this time. Since we'll be shooting on location, I knew that we'd have to get permission and have a bunch of other stuff ready. However, this is my first time doing any of that on my own.
Shizuku: Right... For the Christmas event we did the other day, Namamin's agency took care of all of those things for us...
Haruka: I think asking someone you trust about this was the correct decision.
Airi: Thanks...!
Airi: Then, I'll discuss things with them and do my best to make this a really incredible training camp!
Haruka: Okay, sounds good.
Haruka: However, you're always free to ask us for help if you think you ever need it.
Minori: Yeah! I'm always willing to lend a hand!
Airi: Thanks! In that case, I might just have you run an extra five kilometers as prep for our training camp, Minori.
Minori: What?! How does that count as helping?!
Airi: Hehe. I was joking.
Len: I can't wait to see what your training camp's gonna be like.
MEIKO: Me neither. It might be fun to also start thinking about what we'll be doing for the after party♪
Airi: *Gasp* No, I completely forgot about that...!
Airi: I got so caught up in planning for our training camp that...
Haruka: Oh, Airi, hold on. We can't have you be the one planning everything from start to finish.
Haruka: So, why don't you leave that to me?
Minori: Oh, I wanna help with that too!
Airi: Wait, but...
Shizuku: It's okay, Airi. That way, you'll be able to focus on our training camp, yes?
Airi: ...
Luka: Hehe. Isn't this what having teammates is all about, Airi?
Airi: Yeah... Okay, I'll leave that to you guys!
Airi: I'll be looking forward to a super fun after party!
Haruka: *Nod* Of course, you can count on us!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Cafe]

Haruka: Ready, everyone...? Here's to a great training camp.
Everyone: Cheers!!
Haruka: I'm glad that our training camp went so well.
Shizuku: Me too. Many of our viewers have even been writing about how much they enjoyed everything.
Minori: Yeah! As for me, I learned so much and got in so many good workouts! I feel like I've grown so much compared to before our training camp!
Airi: Hehe. You really did give it all you had.
Minori: Hehe... Oh, our parfaits are here!
Haruka: Oh, I ordered the Deluxe Fruit Parfait.
Minori: And I got the Strawberries Galore Red Parfait!
Shizuku: Your parfait really is like a mountain of strawberries, Minori.
Airi: You could say the same for yours, Shizuku. All I can see are slices of peaches and pears.
Airi: Hey, wanna trade for some of my warabimochi?
Shizuku: Yes, of course.
Haruka: How about some of my mangoes, Airi? Feel free to ask if you see any fruits that you want to try.
Minori: Yeah, totally! The four of us may be celebrating together, but this is also to congratulate you on a job well done!
Airi: Oh, you sure? Then, I might just have to say yes to that.
(Black cut)
Haruka: That was delicious.
Minori: Wow, I'm stuffed!
Airi: But I ended up eating a ton of whipped cream, so I'll have to work all of that off later.
Minori: *Gasp* R-Right. Maybe I should exercise a little more than usual today.
Haruka: Oh, Minori, that reminds me. You've continued training since then, right?
Minori: Yup! I've been running to increase my stamina and doing core workouts to build my inner muscles!
Shizuku: That's wonderful, Minori.
Minori: Hehe. If I keep this up, do you think I'll be able to get a six-pack in time for our solo show?
Airi: Just what exactly are you trying to become...?
Haruka & Shizuku: Hehe.
Airi: Anyway, now that we're done with our parfaits, let's get some tea or coffee to cleanse our palates...
Airi: Hm...? Why are you all grinning like that...?
Haruka: Hehe. We were all just thinking the same thing. Right, Minori?
Minori: Yup!
Minori: Excuse me! We're ready!
Airi: ...?
Waiter: Here you are. The Special “Nice work, Airi” Tea Set!
Airi: Huh? A special tea set...?
Minori: Hehe. We asked the staff if they could put together a special menu item just for today!
Shizuku: Hehe. Which includes this lovely tea and...
Haruka: These cookies.
Airi: ...!
Airi: C-Cookies! That look like cats...!
Airi: Th-They're so adorable...! And they all have different expressions on their faces!
Airi: How were you able to make these?! They must've taken...
Haruka: The three of us designed them together before heading off for our training camp, and asked the staff here to bake them for us.
Shizuku: We had a feeling that you'd like them because you love cats so much, Airi.
Minori: Hehe. The staff here are really great at baking cookies, so I'm sure they're really yummy!
Airi: Oh, they certainly smell nice. I can already tell that they're delicious...!
Airi: B-But I'm not sure I can eat them! They're just so cute!
Airi: Also, this is a ton of cookies. Are you sure we can get through all of these?
Haruka: Hehe. Actually, the staff said that we could take them home with us, so we had them bake a fairly big batch.
Airi: We can take these home?! That's so nice of them!
Airi: But first, I gotta take some pictures of these...! This one... And this one... Oh, this one's cute too!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm so glad we put so much effort into drawing those cats.
Haruka: Me too. I believe this means our surprise succeeded.
Haruka, Shizuku & Minori: Yay!
(Black cut)
