516_Haruka Kiritani_RB Happy Birthday! 2023

Gacha phrase: Today really has been special.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

MEIKO: Haruka, happy...
Miku (MMJ): ...birthday!
Haruka: Thank you, everyone.
Airi: Though the actual day is tomorrow... This feels like a pre-celebration of sorts.
Len: You'll be doing a birthday livestream for Haruka tomorrow, right?
Minori: That's right! That's also exactly why I suggested we celebrate today with everyone!
Shizuku: We will also be celebrating with our friends from school on the weekend. It seems like this week is going to be so lively.
Haruka: I feel somewhat bad for all of this. You really didn't need to put on so many celebrations for me.
Minori: Absolutely not. It is our complete pleasure! Also, the day you were born into this world is a very important event for all of us!
Minori: If anything, it's so important that this should be a month of national holidays!
Airi: Your love for her is over the top as always...
KAITO: But I'm glad that we were able to celebrate Haruka's birthday all together like this.
Luka: We'll be doing bingo after this, won't we? Ever since you told us, I've been fidgeting in excitement. I can't wait to try it out♪
Minori: Oh, that reminds me! I brought the bingo machine me and my family used when I was a kid!
Minori: Here it is!
Haruka: Oh, it's so cute. I didn't know there were bingo machines this small.
Shizuku: You're right. But its size makes it so much easier to take out and play anytime.
Airi: Hehe. I've prepared some luxurious prices for first, second and third place, so I hope you're all excited.
Rin: Oooh! Luxurious prizes?! I wonder what they are!
Haruka: But we need someone to operate the machine, right? That means one person won't be able to participate...
Airi: Which is why I decided that I'll be the host of this. Besides, I already know what the prizes are, and if I end up getting bingo first it'll be a little awkward...
MEIKO: Hehe, thank you, Airi!
Airi: Alright, let's get this show on the road. I'll be handing out the bingo sheets, so please take whichever one you'd like! But remember, each sheet will determine your fate, so you may want to choose carefully!
Minori, Shizuku & Haruka: Okay!
(Black cut)
Minori: F-f-f-fi...
Minori: Finally! I only have one number away from bingo!
Airi: Oh, congrats, Minori! Is what I'd like to say, but...
Airi: You're the last one to get there. Actually, everyone already got there... Shizuku on the other hand is on her way to a triple bingo if Lady Luck shines on her.
Minori: Waaaah! But the numbers just never lined up!
Haruka: Well bingo is all about luck.
Haruka: But at least you managed to catch up before anyone was able to get bingo, Minori. It's going to be more exciting now. Good luck!
Minori: Haruka...
Minori: Thank you! With you cheering me on, I have a feeling I'll get all of the numbers and punch out the whole sheet!
KAITO: I don't think that would be bingo anymore...
Haruka: But ever since Shizuku got three lines ready for bingo, none of her numbers have come up...
Shizuku: That's true... I wonder why. Things were going so well at the beginning...
Rin: But having three lines is amazing! I'm still at only one line!
Miku (MMJ): Since anyone could get bingo now, the next number might determine the winner!
Minori: You're right! I was last to get to this point but I might be lucky enough to win in the end!
Minori: Alright, I'm going to wish as much as I can right now! Please, all-powerful beings of the universe and the Goddess Haruka...!
Haruka: I don't think sending me your wish will do you any good.
Airi: Hehe. Okay, let's roll again!
Airi: So, the number that'll determine the winner...
Airi: Is here! Number... 105!
Len: Aww...
Minori: Huh? 105?! That means...
Haruka: Oh. Bingo.
Minori: What? You too, Haruka?! I got bingo too!
Airi: So that means Minori and Haruka got bingo at the same time?
Miku (MMJ): Actually, about that...
Miku (MMJ): I also got bingo with 105.
Rin: Whaaat! You too, Miku?!
Shizuku: Wow! Congratulations, everyone!
Airi: To think that three people would get bingo at the same time. I wasn't expecting that, but a kinda funny turn of events.
Luka: But, what do we do about the prizes? You prepared them based on who would get what place, right?
Miku (MMJ): Of course, we'll be giving Haruka first prize! She's the star of the day after all♪
Haruka: What? That doesn't seem right.
Minori: It's absolutely fine! It's your birthday bingo, and more importantly...
Minori: The number that got you bingo was 105! The very date of your birthday! Did any of you guys notice?
Shizuku: Oh! Now that you mention it, you're right.
Minori: Therefore, without a doubt, first place must go to Haruka! Congratulations!
Haruka: Without a doubt? Must? I don't know about that but if you all say so, then I'll kindly take it.
Haruka: Thank you, everyone.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haruka's birthday]

[Haruka's Room]

Minori: And that is how...
Minori: Haruka won a massage gun that helps you loosen up your muscles at her birthday party yesterday!
Comments: <Congrats on getting first prize at your birthday party bingo!> <Getting bingo with 105 is so much more of a win than getting first place!> <I want a massage gun too! Everyone's getting one lately>
Haruka: Seems like a lot of people know massage guns too. I actually really wanted one myself, so I'm glad I got it.
Haruka: I always use a foam roller to release tension around my muscles but I'm definitely going to use this massage gun to do that now.
Shizuku: Hehe. Seems like it'll take your muscle training to the next level.
Airi: Alright, now that we're done with the chit-chat, let's move on to the main event!
Airi: Today's stream will be all about celebrating Haruka's birthday! We'll be accepting all of your happy birthday comments, so don't hold back!
Comments: <Happy birthday, Haruka!> <I'm forever grateful for the day you were born!> <I made a birthday shrine for you! It's up on SNS if you wanna have a look!>
Haruka: Hehe, thank you, everyone. It makes me so happy to receive so many birthday messages. I'm going to take my time to read each and every one of them.
Comments: <OMG, Haruka's birthday smile is just too bright!> <My letter is super long but I hope you'll get to read it!>
Minori: Hehehe.
Airi: Why are you the one smiling in happiness?
Minori: That's because everyone is wishing Haruka a happy birthday and as a fan myself, it makes me so, so, so happy!
Haruka: Minori, you're being dramatic.
Comments: <I totally feel the same as Minori. It makes me happy too> <I couldn't help but smile during the birthday bingo story> <I love that you have so many friends, Haruka!>
Shizuku: Hehe, Haruka does have a lot of friends. We'll actually be having another birthday party with some of our other friends this weekend.
Comments: <OMG! Really?!?> <I wanna be friends and celebrate your birthday with you too, Haruka!> <What are you guys gonna do? Bingo again?>
Haruka: I don't think we'll be playing bingo again, but I actually still don't know where we'll be going.
Minori: Hehe. That's because it'll be a surprise! I hope you're looking forward to it!
Comments: <Is it okay to tell her that? lol> <Throwing three birthday parties? You're all so close!> <Hope you have fun, Haruka!>
Haruka: Thank you. I'm already so happy to receive all of your birthday wishes.
Haruka: Also, some of you said that I have a lot of friends but... It's not because I'm special or anything. It's really because everyone around me is so kind and sweet.
Haruka: You all can tell just from watching our streams, right?
Minori: Haruka...
Comments: <So true! You girls really are close!> <Everyone's so nice that it's impossible to have a fav!> <That's why MMJ is my fav!>
Haruka: Hehe, see? Of course, I appreciate all of my friends, but I also always appreciate each and every one of you.
Haruka: Thank you for everything. I'll let you all know how the birthday party on the weekend goes in a different stream. Hope to see you then.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori)

[The weekend]

[Miyamasuzaka]

An: Okay!
An: Seems like everyone's here!
Minori: Yeah! Off to the venue we go♪
Haruka: Huh? But aren't Hoshino and the others coming today as well?
Kohane: Oh, that's right. We forgot to tell you.
An: Ichika and the others will be waiting for us at the venue. So we'll be the ones guiding you over there♪
Haruka: Oh, really? But what do you all mean by “venue”...?
Shizuku: Hehe, you will understand when we arrive. Anyway, shall we?
Airi: Love the confidence, but that's the opposite direction!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few minutes later]

[Penguin Cafe]

An: We have arrived! Make yourself comfortable, Haruka♪
Haruka: Huh? This is...
Emu: Oh, they're here! The star of the day is here!
Honami: Happy birthday, Kiritani.
Ichika: There's a seat we had specifically prepared for you. Please sit.
Haruka: A seat specifically for me? Are you...
Haruka: Talking about this penguin-shaped sofa?!
Shiho: Apparently the cafe just got this sofa recently.
Kohane: The penguin is so cute with its flippers wide open, like it's saying, “Please, come sit!” We thought that you'd really like it...
Haruka: I-I really do. It's so adorable!
Haruka: But, is it really okay for me to sit on it? Emperor penguins are one of the larger kinds of penguin, but even so, I'd feel bad if it were to be crushed under my weight...
Shiho: That's what you're worried about?
Ichika: Also, I didn't know that this sofa was an emperor penguin.
An: It's amazing that you can tell just from looking, Haruka. I guess you don't just love penguins, but you also know a lot about them.
Saki: Also, if you say you're heavy then we're all heavy too! Besides, it says down here that this sofa can take up about 100 kilograms!
Haruka: I see, so it's quite sturdy. In that case, don't mind if I do.
Minori: O-oh my gosh... Haruka is sitting on a penguin-shaped sofa...
Minori: A cute person sitting on top of a cute sofa is blinding my eyes! May I request permission to take a photo?!
Airi: Looks like we have more than one person in the room getting excited...
Shizuku: Hehe. They certainly seem to be enjoying themselves.
Ichika: By the way, it's almost time for that “thing” we ordered to come, right?
Honami: Oh, yes it is. I think it'll be here soon...
Waiter: Thank you for your patience. Here is the special penguin cake!
Haruka: Wow...!
Emu: It's amazing, right, Haruka? It's an ultra super duper wonderhoy cake!
Haruka: I-It's...an erect-crested penguin saying happy birthday to me...
Shiho: So this is called an erect-crested penguin, huh...
Haruka: I-I have to make this my background!
Kohane: Hehe, I'm so glad you like it.
Ichika: This cake is so cute that I think not only Kiritani, but anyone would have a hard time eating it...
Haruka: Y-Yes, it is a little difficult, but...it would be a shame to not share and enjoy it with everyone.
Airi: Though, how should we go about dividing it all up?
Saki: First things first, let's give Haruka all of the penguin cake decorations!
Haruka: Really? Is that okay?
Saki: Of course! All of these cute penguins just can't wait to go over to you!
Saki: “Happy birthday, Haruka honk! I hope you have an amazing day honk♪”
Emu: Aww, your penguin imitation is so cute, Saki!
Saki: Huh? Really?! Oh, you're making me blush!
Shiho: Penguins go honk?
Kohane: Hehe, I guess in Saki's imagination, they do?
Minori: But it's so cute! Also...
Haruka: Thank you so much, everyone. I'm so...just so happy.
Minori: Hehe. I'm happy that you're happy, Haruka.
Airi: Also, it's way too early to thank us!
Airi: We still have so much more penguin-filled goodness for you in store!
Haruka: Penguin-filled goodness?!
An: That's right! I also thought up a lot of stuff just for you, Haruka.
Kohane: We hope you have a great time until the very end!
Haruka: Everyone...
Haruka: Thank you.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000123/bg_s000123.png)
Ichika: Is this recording? I'm glad that I was able to celebrate your birthday today with you, Kiritani. Once again, happy birthday.
Saki: “Happy birthday honk!” Just kidding! I hope you enjoyed the penguin-filled birthday party, Haruka!
Honami: Hehe, I hope so too. But still, I was surprised to find out you knew so much about penguins, Kiritani. You don't only have love for penguins, but also so much knowledge about them.
Emu: Yup yup! You knew just from looking at the sofa and the cake! That's so amazing!
Shiho: You looked like you really enjoyed it, so let's all go again together sometime. Have a wonderful birthday, Kiritani. Looking forward to making more memories.
Minori: Hello, are you all able to hear me? This is Minori Hanasato, the first member of the “Make Haruka Kiritani's Birthday a National Public Holiday” committee!
Airi: I really do hope this never becomes an official committee... But in terms of celebrating your birthday, Haruka, I feel the same way.
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm so glad that I was able to see you smile a lot today, Haruka.
An: Me too! Your face when you were in front of those penguins... Hehehe, I just know your fans will be surprised at how different from normal you are!
Kohane: But after seeing all of those cute penguins today, I couldn't help but want to know more about them.
Minori: Oh, then how about we all go to the aquarium together sometime?! And Haruka can be our penguin expert!
Shizuku: That sounds lovely. I think we'd learn so much if Haruka was the one to guide us around.
Airi: On top of doing a pre-celebration, I guess we'll be doing a post-celebration too. But, that'll be fun. I think Haruka would really like that.
Minori: Yay! No matter how many times we celebrate Haruka's birthday, it always makes me so happy!
Minori: Okay then, I'll send you all a message once I've sorted out all of the details. I hope you look forward to it too, Haruka!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Going to the penguin cafe was fun as always, but... I really feel like I have the most fun when everyone is there with me.
Haruka: Of course, I felt the same at the pre-celebration in SEKAI and during the livestream too. Receiving all of those wonderful birthday wishes from my fans...
Haruka: Makes me so appreciative. It truly feels like I have so many people's support behind me.
Haruka: Which is why I better give just as much back to each and every one of them.
Haruka: Actually, no. I will work hard to deliver even more hope than that.
Haruka: So, I hope you will continue to give me your support.
(White cut)
