531_Haruka Kiritani_R3 Drowning In Dazzlement (event_75)

Gacha phrase: Welcome, meow!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Ichika: Today, we'll once again be doing preparations for the School Festival!
Ichika: To start, I'd like to ask those who have brought plushies, animal goods and such to gather with me.
Ichika: Let's all do our best today!
Classmates: Yeah!
Haruka: (Okay...)
Saki: Oh, Ichi!
Saki: We should ask everyone to see what they think of the things we brought!
Ichika: Right. But it'll probably need to wait a bit since there might be some people who brought plushies.
Haruka: Hoshino, do you have a second? I brought some plushies with me...
Ichika: You did?! Thank you so much, Kiritani!
Ichika: To my surprise, not many others did, so I really appreciate it.
Haruka: I see.
Haruka: As for me, I brought mostly penguins. I hope that won't warp the image of our cafe...
Saki: Oh, Haruka, can I take a look at your plushies?!
Haruka: Of course. They're right here.
Saki: Wow! So many penguins! And they're all really adorable!
Saki: Our animal cafe's gonna look so cute!
Haruka: At the same time, we're going to need some other animals. I'm worried that our animal cafe's going to turn into a penguin cafe.
Haruka: (Oh, they also brought some bags. But it doesn't look like they're full of plushies...)
Haruka: Did you two also bring some animal goods?
Ichika: I bought some animal ear headbands after Saki suggested that we should. I'm a little embarrassed about wearing one, but shall we try them on together?
Haruka: Animal headbands?
(Black cut)
Saki: Ta-daa! Here, have a look!
Haruka: Oh, they're animal ear headbands. I'm seeing rabbit ears, dog ears, cat ears... They're all very cute.
Saki: I know, right?!
Ichika: Saki was saying how we should dress up as animals since our classroom's going to be filled with them.
Haruka: That makes sense. We're doing an animal cafe, so it might be fun for everyone in class to be dressed as different ones.
Ichika: Yeah. So, we decided to go around to some party goods stores and buy an assortment of things.
Saki: Hehe. Having everyone wear these adorably furry ears is such a great idea if I do say so myself♪
Saki: We even got some tails! Hang on... Here! You can be a doggy or a kitty!
Haruka: Oh, they're really fluffy too. They almost feel like the real thing.
Saki: Wanna try one on? All you really have to do is put on a headband and the belt for the tail!
Haruka: Okay, let's try some on.
Saki: Awesome! Which animals should we pick?
Ichika: Hmm... Kiritani likes penguins, but...
Saki: They didn't have any penguin headbands...
Saki: So... What else would suit her...? Something simple might actually be the best option...
Ichika: Then, how about a cat? I bought a set for a black cat that looked fairly straightforward.
Saki: Oh, I bet she'll look great as a black kitty! Haruka, if you will!
Haruka: Okay, one second.
Haruka: The ears should be good here... As for my tail... How do I look?
Ichika: Perfect! They both suit you really well.
Saki: Now, Haruka, try waiting tables like a kitty cat♪
Haruka: L-Like a cat?
Haruka: A cat, huh... M-Meow...
Haruka: W-Welcome...meow...?
Saki: Whoa! That was amazing!!!
Haruka: It was? Then, I'll try a little harder this time.
Ichika: Try harder...?
Haruka: “Welcomeow♪ What would you like to have meow?”
Ichika & Saki: ...
Haruka: Um... Is something wrong, you two?
Saki: Y-You're...
Haruka: I'm...?
Saki: Blindingly bright!!!
Saki: How do I describe it?! It's like we were just swept away by a torrent of happiness and sunshine!
Ichika: Y-Yeah... This must be what Minori's always talking about. Kiritani's idol aura...
Haruka: Hehe. You're exaggerating.
Saki: No, we aren't! We talk to each other every day, so we're used to being around you. But what about our customers?! They might not be able to handle your power!
Ichika: I agree... Also, I'm not sure I could do that even if someone asked me to...
Haruka: Oh, right... Some people might not feel all that comfortable with talking like a cat or dog.
Saki: The ears and tails are already plenty cute, so why don't we just talk normally to our customers?
Ichika: I agree.
Ichika: Thank you for trying them on for us, Kiritani. You taught us quite a lot just now.
Saki: Yeah, totally! And we got to see you as an adorable kitty cat! Thank you so much!
Haruka: You're welcome. I'm glad that I could help.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Haruka: (It feels like it's been so long since I last went home at this time.)
Haruka: (Until just recently, I often stayed past dark each day to prepare for the School Festival....)
Haruka: (But I'm going home at my normal time now... I guess that means it's really over now.)
Haruka: (I had so much fun too.)
An: Huh? Hey, Haruka!
Haruka: Huh? An? What brings you here?
An: Dad asked me to go out and buy some stuff. I was just about to head over to the station.
An: Are you on your way home, Haruka?
Haruka: Yeah, I'm going to the station too. Why don't we head there together?
An: Yeah! Actually, I was about to ask you the same thing!
Haruka: Hehe. I had a feeling. Then, shall we?
(Black cut)
An: Hey, Haruka...?
An: You looked like you had something on your mind just now. Is something wrong?
Haruka: No, not really. I was just reminiscing about all the fun I had during the School Festival.
An: Oh, okay. If that's the case, you should be smiling more.
Haruka: Wouldn't it seem a bit strange if I just started laughing to myself in public, even if I was thinking about some fun memories...?
Haruka: Also, I didn't know that a certain friend of mine would call out to me soon afterwards because they were worried.
An: What would you do without me? Is what I would've said, but I noticed the look on your face after I called out to you.
An: I honestly just happened to see you walking by and decided to ask where you were going.
An: I mean, we're best friends, but I can't exactly tell how you're feeling just by seeing your back.
Haruka: Wait, you can't? What kind of best friend are you?
An: Alright, Miss Perfect, try telling how I feel just based on my back.
Haruka & An: Hehe. Haha.
An: Anyway, I had a ton of fun during the Miya Girls School Festival.
Haruka: Hehe. Despite getting chased all around campus by a zombie wolf?
An: *Gulp* You know about that too...?
Haruka: Of course. You thought I didn't?
Haruka: Remember how you dove into my class and left a second later while Kohane was chasing you?
An: Huh? I did?
Haruka: Yeah, you did. But you were so desperate to get away from the zombie wolf that I didn't get a chance to ask you what was going on.
An: Hang on. Your class did that animal cafe, right?
An: Oh, that explains why it seemed so familiar when I went with Kohane and the others later!
Haruka: An... I guess you were genuinely terrified.
Haruka: At the same time, a zombie wolf's completely different from a ghost. Why did it scare you so much?
An: Why?! I mean, that mask... It looked so real!
An: I learned beforehand that Kohane's class would be doing a haunted house, so I tried my best to prepare myself mentally for it...
An: But I don't like what I don't like!
Haruka: By the way, how did you prepare yourself for it?
An: Well... I tried telling myself that things are gonna jump out at me and that they're people, not monsters...
Haruka: I see. However...
Haruka: Hehe. It didn't work, did it?
An: Cut me some slack. I was sure that my plan would work!
An: Seriously, I wasn't expecting to run into a zombie wolf right off the bat...!
Haruka: Yeah, I guess that makes sense... A surprise like that would throw anyone into a panic.
An: Exactly! I never would've seen that coming!
Haruka: Well, it is a haunted house, so that's not really an excuse...
Haruka: But I'm glad you got to enjoy it in the end.
An: Same. My heart raced because of how scary it was, but I guess that's sorta what haunted houses are all about.
An: So, I'm glad that I got to enjoy it as an actual haunted house.
Haruka: Then, why don't you try the haunted house at PXL the next time you visit?
An: What?!
Haruka: It's pretty similar to the haunted house that Kohane's class made, so I'm sure you'll be fine, An.
An: You're joking! That haunted house isn't as scary as I thought it was going to be?
Haruka: It really isn't. You become Phenny as he has a nightmare that's filled with skeletons who keep saying that they're going to “fry you up”.
An: Haha! Fry you up?! Like chicken?!
Haruka: I'm not kidding. Some even talked about frying you up like “yummy wings” and “juicy tenders”.
Haruka: Oh, I heard that there's even one that says, “I'm gonna turn you into bang bang chicken!” If you find it, something good's supposed to happen.
An: Really?! I've never heard of anything like that!
Haruka: That's probably because you usually cover your ears when people talk about this kind of stuff.
An: Oh, yeah. True...
Haruka: Hehe. The next time we get to go to PXL with Minori and Kohane, we can give the haunted house a try.
An: Yeah, okay! I actually might be okay based on your explanation!
Haruka: See? Then, let's all go again sometime.
An: Okay!
(Black cut)
