545_Haruka Kiritani_R4 The World's Best Smile (event_78)

Gacha phrase: I'm so...happy!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shopping Mall]

Haruka: Minori and the others said to meet... Oh, I think it's here.
Haruka: (I got here sooner than expected... But I'm sure they'll arrive early too, so I'll just wait...)
Girl: Sis... Where are you...?
Haruka: Oh...
Haruka: (That girl's all alone... Is she lost?)
Haruka: Hello. Is everything okay? Are you lost?
Girl: Oh, um...
Haruka: I won't hurt you. So, would you mind telling me what happened? You can take your time.
Girl: O-Okay... So, I came here with my sis to go to the bookstore.
Girl: But I saw this shop with really cute plushies... Then, when I went to go see them, she disappeared.
Haruka: I see...
Haruka: (Did she keep walking without realizing that her little sister wasn't following her...?)
Haruka: Does your sister have a phone on her? If you know her number, I could try calling her...
Girl: No, she doesn't... But she did tell me to come here if I ever did get lost.
Haruka: (I think she's around five... I wonder how old her sister is.)
Haruka: (Also, she promised to wait here if anything happened, so I probably shouldn't take her to mall security...)
Girl: When's Sis gonna come...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: Don't worry. I'm sure your sister will come very soon. So, until she does, I'll stay here with you.
Girl: Y-You will...?
Haruka: Yes. My name's Haruka. Can you tell me yours...?
Girl: Nozomi...
Haruka: Nozomi? Got it. Alright, Nozomi, why don't I teach you some special magic words? 
Nozomi: Magic words...?
Haruka: Yes. First, you place your index fingers on your cheeks, and then you...do a fist pump!
Haruka: And the magic words for this are, “Poke your cheeks and pose and smile!”
Nozomi: Wow, that sounds like some kind of spell.
Haruka: Hehe. Would you like to try it with me, Nozomi? Here we go.
Haruka: Poke your cheeks and pose and smile♪
Nozomi: Poke your cheeks...and pose and... Smile!
Haruka: Nice! That was a wonderful smile.
Nozomi: Hehe...
Nozomi: Hey, Haruka, where did you learn these magic words?
Haruka: Hehe. Well...
???: Nozomi! Where are you?!
Nozomi: Oh, it's Sis!
Haruka: Thank goodness. Your sister came looking for you.
Nozomi: Yeah! Thanks for hanging out with me, Haruka.
Nozomi's Sister: Nozomi! Why'd you disappear like that?! You almost made my heart stop!
Nozomi: I'm sorry...
Nozomi's Sister: Oh dear...were you okay? You must've been so lonely...
Nozomi: Yeah, a little... But I got to hang out with Haruka, and she even taught me some fun magic words!
Nozomi's Sister: Thank you so much for watching my little sister.
Haruka: You're welcome. I'm glad your sister came looking for you like you said, Nozomi. But promise not to get lost again, okay?
Nozomi: I promise! Thanks for hanging out with me, Haruka!
Haruka: Of course, take care.
Nozomi's Sister: Again, I can't thank you enough! Wait a second...? Haruka...? As in...?
(Black cut)
Minori: Oh, Haruka! You're here early!
Airi: Sorry about the wait. Unfortunately, Minori and I had to help a certain someone here after we spotted her walking in the wrong direction.
Shizuku: Which saved me from getting lost. However, we ended up making you wait, Haruka...
Haruka: No, that's okay. Actually, that's funny... While I waited, I also had the opportunity to lend somebody a hand.
Minori: Lend somebody a hand?
Haruka: Hehe. Anyway, now that we're all here, shall we?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Haruka's Room]

Haruka: Okay, it should be all set up now...
Haruka: I had no idea that an app that lets you listen to radio stations from around the country existed. I really need to thank Minori for telling me about this.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: Oh, Haruka, do you know the name of your hero's radio program? I really wanna listen to it!
Haruka: Yeah, I do... But her stations are in another part of the country, and I don't think you can find it online either.
Minori: Wait, what about an app? It might be available there.
Haruka: Huh? An app?
Minori: Yeah, this one... There's no background noise and it lets you listen to radio stations from around the country!
Haruka: Really? I had no idea this kind of app existed...
Minori: Hehe. Remember how you and the others sometimes used to do radio commercials for when you went to do shows in other parts of the country?
Minori: I really wanted to listen to them, so I did some research and found something that would let me!
Minori: So, I'm sure this app should let you listen to your hero's radio program!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: (I wonder what kind of program it is.)
Haruka: (Also, her voice. I'm really curious as to what she sounds like now. It might've changed quite a lot since then.)
Haruka: It's time...
Host: <Hello, listeners! It's time for another installment of “Smiling News Bulletin”! As usual, we'll be bringing you news from all over the region this week♪>
Haruka: (It's her...!)
Host: <It's been getting very chilly lately, so I hope you're all staying warm out there. Actually, it's been getting so cold that I've been trying to figure out a way to commute to work without leaving my kotatsu!>
Haruka: Hehe.
Haruka: (She's still as cheerful and talkative as ever, and her voice is so nice to listen to. She still speaks like the way I remember.)
Host: <Incidentally, I was invited to appear at a fall festival that was being held within the region just the other day, and I had a chance to sing a few songs.>
Host: <The children who were there all sang and danced along with me, it was so much fun.>
Host: <My goal was to make sure everyone there enjoyed themselves, but their energy was just so infectious that I was the one filled with cheer!>
Haruka: (She did a performance...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: (I'm sure she made everybody smile... Just like she did back then.)
Haruka: (I wish I could've been there to see her perform...)
Host: <Oh, speaking of which... During that performance, something really great happened for me personally.>
Host: <One of the children who joined me on stage came up to me and said, “I wanna perform on stage just like you someday.”>
Host: <That reminded me of a little girl who said the same thing to me when I performed at this one shopping mall in Tokyo when I was still an idol.>
Haruka: What...?
Haruka: (Is she talking about...?)
Host: <Dreams are so wonderful. They may be far in the future, but they're all beautiful because they can be whatever you want them to be.>
Host: <Like a boundless ocean under a clear sky.>
Host: <And I feel blessed knowing that I'm still able to spread hope for a better tomorrow to others in that manner.>
Host: <Hehe. Listen to me... I'm such a sap.>
Haruka: She's still an incredible person...
Haruka: (She may not be an idol anymore, but she's still able to spread hope to others like before...)
Haruka: (I wouldn't be an idol right now if it wasn't for her...)
Haruka: (No, it goes beyond that. I wouldn't have learned how to smile if it weren't for her.)
Haruka: Thank you so much... For making me who I am.
(Black cut)
Host: <That's it for this week. Thirty minutes never feels like enough time, but I hope you all enjoyed the program.>
Host: <Next week, we'll be bringing you some more fun news, so I hope you'll tune in.>
Host: <Keep smiling until then. See you next time♪>
Haruka: Wow... Thirty minutes flew by just like that...
Haruka: (My chest is filled with so much warmth. It might be because I know that she's doing well now.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: She made me believe in a better tomorrow. Again.
Haruka: Alright, that means I need to also keep trying my best.
(Black cut)
