592_Haruka Kiritani_R3 This Place I've Returned To (event_85)

Gacha phrase: It's been a while since I stood here.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Shizuku: Oh, Haruka, good morning.
Haruka: Morning, Shizuku. You're here early.
Shizuku: Yes, I thought I should review the script again since our shoot is coming up.
Shizuku: And I want it to go well since it'll be our first time appearing on TV as MORE MORE JUMP!
Haruka: Right.
Haruka: (She seems pretty motivated.)
Haruka: (And it's not just us she's worried about...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: I had no right being the lead in the first place. Especially since I couldn't do anything for the others and ended up leaving the group...
Shizuku: So, since we've been given an opportunity to appear on TV alongside Cheerful * Days, I'd like to make the most of it.
Shizuku: I have to make up for what happened back then...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: Let's do our best and figure out a way to make our shoot a good one when we appear with everyone from Cheerful * Days.
Shizuku: Oh...
Shizuku: Yes, I'd like that very much.
Shizuku: At the same time, I feel so bad about this...
Shizuku: It's our first time appearing on TV, but I'm making you all worry about me.
Haruka: We understand, Shizuku... However, we chose to appear on iHaz as a group.
Haruka: So, there's no turning back.
Shizuku: Right...
Shizuku: I'm such a mess... If only I were a stronger person.
Haruka: I think you already are, Shizuku...
Shizuku: What...?
Haruka: Remember what we talked about on that one program we were on together? You had just been chosen to be the lead for Cheerful * Days.
Shizuku: Yes, of course I remember.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: You really are amazing. The best of the best. It's like you're shining even brighter in person than when I see you on TV...
Shizuku: I want to meet my fans' expectations too, but I'm not sure I can get myself to do what you do, Kiritani...
Haruka: I'm sure you can, Hinomori.
Shizuku: Huh?
Haruka: You thinking this hard about what you can do for your groupmates and fans means that you're trying your best.
Haruka: Being the lead means there will be added pressure and responsibilities compared to everybody else...
Haruka: But I'm sure you'll be just fine, Hinomori.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: I had so little confidence in myself back then, which led to you having to cheer me up, Haruka...
Haruka: Oh, is that how you saw our conversation...?
Shizuku: Did you see it a different way...?
Haruka: I meant what I said that time.
Haruka: It was clear to me that you genuinely cared about your fans and were doing your best for them.
Haruka: The way you sang and performed was proof of that fact. Your hard work speaks for itself.
Haruka: I know you did your best to take responsibility as the lead. I also know that it was hard. So hard that it occasionally brought you to tears.
Haruka: But despite all that pain, you kept trying. You didn't run away.
Haruka: That means you're not a weak person.
Shizuku: Haruka...
Haruka: Also, you may see our first TV appearance involving Cheerful * Days as a bad omen of sorts... But I actually think it's a good thing.
Shizuku: What...?
Haruka: I had a feeling that this would've happened sooner or later anyway. And what happened with Cheerful * Days still weighs on your mind, right?
Haruka: So, in order for you to just be yourself moving forward, I think it's good that you're being given an opportunity to clear the air now.
Shizuku: *Gasp* So I can be myself...
Haruka: *Nod*
Shizuku: I see.
Shizuku: You're saying that... Just as I can't be like you, Airi or Minori, none of you can be like me, yes?
Haruka: Exactly. You have a number of qualities that only you possess, Shizuku.
Haruka: So, I'd like it if we could work together and push each other forward.
Shizuku: Me too...! Thank you, Haruka.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: Hello!
Rin: Welcome, girls♪ Are you here to practice?
Len: Oh... Hehe. You're all smiling. That must mean you've got some good news for us.
KAITO: Oh, wait...! Does this mean your episode of iHaz aired?!
Airi: That's right! Good call, KAITO!
Luka: We heard that your shoot went well, but it finally aired?
MEIKO: How was it? I hope they didn't edit it in a funny way.
Haruka: We appreciate your concern, MEIKO.
Shizuku: But there's no need to worry... Actually, maybe I shouldn't say it. I think we'd rather have you see for yourselves.
Minori: Yeah, you should've seen Shizuku! She was so amazing!
Miku (MMJ): She was?! Hehe. I can't wait to see.
MEIKO: Then, we'll need to set up a place where we can watch it.
KAITO: I've made it so we can play videos on the stage's big display! Here, use this cord!
Len: KAITO, when did you...?
Luka: Hehe. Excellent work♪
Haruka: Thank you very much, KAITO. I'll play it now.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Marina: <So, let's bring in our guests! Give a big round of applause for MORE MORE JUMP!>
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: <Aren't your fans from when you were still in Cheerful * Days going to be disappointed?>
Arisa: <More to the point, Shizuku, tell us. Which one is the real you?>
Shizuku: <I, um...>
(Background change)
(Background change)
Shizuku: <However, I chose to just be myself. Which...>
Shizuku: <Which made me realize how there are some things that only the real me had to offer. And I found that some were willing to accept me for who I really am...>
Shizuku: <So, even if I end up disappointing some of my old fans, I'm going to keep doing my best to spread hope to as many people as I can... As myself.>
(Background change)
(Black cut)
Rin: Th-That was awesome...! I was so moved!
Miku (MMJ): Yes, me too. I started tearing up a little while listening to your story, Shizuku.
KAITO: Me three. I'm sure your fans felt glad that they kept supporting you all this time after hearing what you said.
Airi: Yeah, you should've seen the response she got!
Minori: I know, right?! We got so many messages saying, “I saw iHaz!” and “You're the best, Shizuku! What you did was so cool!” We still haven't gotten a chance to read all of them yet.
Luka: Hehe. I'm so glad for you, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Thank you all very much.
MEIKO: A job well done, Haruka. And you too, Airi. You both did a wonderful job of supporting her.
Haruka: Hehe. Thank you, MEIKO.
Haruka: I really need to thank you again...
Haruka: It was because of you I was able to make that decision to appear on TV, MEIKO.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

MEIKO: As your fan, I want to say, “Don't worry.”
MEIKO: Including the hope and warmth you wish to spread to others.
MEIKO: And those things mean quite a lot to me...
MEIKO: So, a TV appearance isn't going to easily change how I feel about all of you.
(White cut)
MEIKO: Why you decided to become an idol in the first place or how you felt back then...
MEIKO: So, now might not be a bad time to look back on all that.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Haruka: It was because of your words, we all got to take this big step forward.
Haruka: So...
Haruka: Thank you very much, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Hehe. You're very welcome♪
(Black cut)
