642_Haruka Kiritani_R4 Donuts And Memories (event_94)

Gacha phrase: Would you like to see the photo?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

[Red Brick Center - Building 1, 1st Floor]

Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Hehe. Thank you for shaking my hand, Haruka!
Haruka: Hehe. You're welcome.
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Me too, Haruka! I want a handshake too!
Elementary School Teacher: Shhh! Don't shout like that. That'll trouble the other customers, and Ms. Kiritani is in the middle of hide and seek, remember?
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Oh! That's right... Sorry, Haruka.
Haruka: That's okay. Thanks to all of your help, I haven't been found yet.
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Thank goodness...
Elementary School Teacher: So sorry for all of the trouble, but thank you very much for going along with the kids' wishes.
Haruka: It's alright. I'm happy to do this much. Also, is that everyone?
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Oh, wait Haruka! Hey, you sure you're okay not shaking her hand?
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Um... I don't really know about her, so...
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: What?! You don't know Haruka? Even though “Rainbow Parameters” and a bunch of other ASRUN songs are always playing during lunch?
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Huh? Did you sing those songs, Miss?
Haruka: Hehe, yes, I did.
Haruka: I'm in a group called MORE MORE JUMP! now and we're all singing our hardest.
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: I didn't know that...!
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Um, actually... Can I shake your hand?
Haruka: Yes, of course.
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Yay...!
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: But what are you doing here, Haruka?
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: She said she's playing hide and seek. So it's probably for TV, right?
Haruka: No, I'm actually on a field trip right now.
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Huh? You're on a field trip too? So is that girl you were with before your friend?
Haruka: Yes, she is. We're in the same class.
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Really? Are you close?
Haruka: Hehe, we're very close. We have lunch together a lot.
Haruka: (Also...)
Haruka: (Hoshino and Tenma didn't care that I was an ex-idol and called out to me...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: Morning, Haruka! Are you looking for something? What happened?
Haruka: Y-Yes... I dropped something important.
Saki: Oh dear! Come on, we have to find it quickly!
Ichika: What did you drop?
Haruka: You're going to help me look?
Saki: I mean, of course!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: (I was so happy they did that, and it really changed my life...)
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: So those classmates are really important to you!
Haruka: I'm very grateful that we ended up in the same class and became friends.
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Hehehe. That's like the same as us! We also became friends after we got put in the same class!
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Yeah!
Elementary School Teacher: Alright, everyone. Don't forget to say “thank you” to Ms. Kiritani.
Elementary School Teacher: Once again, thank you so very much for your time.
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Thanks, Haruka!
Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip: Hehehe, I'm going to remember this forever! Thank you!
Haruka: Hehe. You're welcome.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Haruka: Welcome back, Ichika.
Saki: Welcome back♪ Did you get the limited time yakisoba bun?
Ichika: I did. I'm glad I went to go get it as soon as class finished.
Haruka: I know it's supposed to be different from the usual, but in what way exactly?
Ichika: The noodles they've put in the bun are different. This time they're stir-fried with beef and a specially made sweet and spicy sauce.
Haruka: Really? Oh, you've bought two.
Ichika: It looked really good and I have a feeling I'll gobble it up in seconds...
Saki: Well, who wouldn't want to eat lots of their favorite food♪
Haruka: Hehe, good point.
Haruka: (Now that I think about it, I feel like we had a similar conversation back when we first started eating lunch together...)
Haruka: Well then, shall we have lunch?
Saki, Haruka & Ichika: Let's eat!
(Black cut)
Haruka: That was delicious.
Ichika: That limited time yakisoba bun was really good. I do like the usual one a lot as well, but I think having something different once in a while makes me appreciate it all the more.
Saki: Hahaha. Once you like something, Ichi, you reeeally don't get sick of it.
Ichika: I suppose that's true...
Haruka: Hehe. But never getting sick of eating the same thing is something I sort of wish I could do.
Ichika: Huh?
Saki: Really? Why?
Haruka: Well, take my lunches for example. They don't change all that much, right?
Saki: Now that you mention it, you do always have chicken and broccoli in them.
Haruka: I can change up the dressing or use different recipes each time, but...
Haruka: I do get tired of having the same thing. Sometimes I want a variety.
Haruka: So I'm a little jealous that you can eat the same thing every day with no problems, Ichika.
Ichika: I see...
Ichika: Well, the reason I can keep eating yakisoba buns is simply because I like them, though.
Saki: Favorite foods, huh...
Saki: You like sweets, right, Haruka?
Haruka: Yes. But unless it's an important celebration or my cheat day, I try not to eat them often.
Ichika: I had a feeling... Trying not to eat the things you like seems really hard...
Saki: Hehehe. And on that note, I have great news for you, Haruka♪
Haruka: Great news?
Saki: So, the cafe I work at has come up with a new menu♪
Saki: Get this! My manager knows a certified nutritionist and worked together with them to make a healthy, balanced lunch menu and dessert!
Ichika: What? Your cafe really did that?
Saki: Yeah! This all happened because we did a survey not too long ago and noticed that more people are looking to take care of their health.
Saki: The lunch menu is pretty heavy and the dessert has quite a bit of volume, but overall it's actually not that many calories! The customers love it too♪
Haruka: Sounds nice. But I don't think I'll be able to try out the lunch menu since I have school on weekdays and work on weekends...
Saki: Oh no, that's right!
Saki: Oh, but the dessert isn't limited to lunch, so you can order it whenever!
Haruka: Really? In that case, I might be able to open my schedule enough to try it after school sometime.
Saki: Woohoo! Let's free up a day when we can all go together♪
Ichika: Sounds good. I can't wait.
Haruka: Hehe. Neither can I.
Haruka: (I'm so happy I became friends with Saki and Ichika...)
Haruka: (If it's them, even when I go back to the credit-based course...)
Haruka: (I'm going to treasure the friendships I've made in the general education course.)
(Black cut)
