668_Haruka Kiritani_R2 Behind The Surprise (event_98)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Haruka: Thank you for that explanation.
Teacher: You're more than welcome. I'll need some time to process your papers for switching over to the credit-based course.
Haruka: Yes, of course.
Haruka: (I've submitted all the papers they need for now, so I suppose all I can do now is wait for my teacher to let me know...)
Haruka: Then, I'll head home for the day and...
Haruka: (Huh? A message...? From Saki...?)
Saki: <Haruka, are you free after school?! There's something reeaally important I need to ask you!!!>
Haruka: (Something really important...?)
Saki: <I just thought a second ago that we need to throw a “Good Luck Minori and Haruka” party!>
Haruka: A party for us...?
Haruka: (My plan for later today was to work on stream ideas, but we're in no rush so...)
Haruka: <That sounds fun. I'm free today and actually still at school.>
Saki: <You are?! Then, let's talk about it in our classroom♪>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Thanks for waiting, Haruka!
Ichika: So, we're here... Can you tell us what's going on?
Saki: Hehe...
Saki: I'll cut to the chase! We're gonna throw a “Good Luck Minori and Haruka” party!
Ichika: “Good Luck Minori and Haruka”...?
Haruka: I'm guessing you heard about us going credit-based.
Shiho: I wasn't all that surprised. I mean, we've known for a while that she might make the switch at any moment.
Haruka: Come to think of it, she said you saw her carrying the papers...
Shiho: Anyway, it's nice that you wanna throw a party for them. But what did you have in mind exactly...?
Saki: We're gonna think of that right now! So, everyone other than Haruka, come join me for a strategy meeting♪
Haruka: Hehe. So it's a surprise party?
Saki: Yup! So get ready! You and Minori are gonna be totally blown away!
Kohane: Wait, Saki, don't you have work today?
Saki: I do, but I'm gonna stay to brainstorm until the last minute and then sprint over at full speed!
Saki: After my shift, I'll grab Minori and bring her over to wherever we're going!
Shiho: Hang on. What's Kiritani supposed to do during that time...?
Haruka: Don't worry about me.
Haruka: My original plan was to head home and work on ideas for our stream. I'll just do that here instead.
Saki: Then, I'll let you know once we figure out what time we're gonna meet and stuff!
Haruka: Okay.
Haruka: Thank you all very much... Especially you, Saki. I'm sure Minori's going to really enjoy this.
Haruka: I'm sure you all noticed, but Minori thought long and hard about whether or not to switch over to the credit-based course...
Haruka: She was worried that some gaps would begin to form between you and her after becoming so close...
Kohane: Right, since we won't get to see each other every day anymore...
Saki: I totally get how she feels...
Saki: But our friendship's a lot stronger than she realizes! We're not gonna drift apart that easily!
Saki: I swear that you, Minori and us are BFFs all the way, Haruka!
Haruka: Saki...
Shiho: That was a pretty nice thing to say. The “BFFs” bit makes it sound like you're not taking this seriously, though.
Saki: What?! No, I'm being totally serious!
Ichika & Kohane: Hehe.
Haruka: (Saki, everyone... Thank you all so much...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Program Studio]

Staff Member: That's a wrap! Nice work, everyone!
Everyone: Nice work!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Green Room]

Minori: *Sigh* I still get so nervous during these shoots...
Airi: Some nerves are a good thing. It helps you stay focused.
Haruka: I agree. I don't know if that was the reason, but we did end a little sooner than expected.
Shizuku: We don't have any other appointments after this, so why don't we all go out for some food?
Haruka: Good idea. There's actually some really nice places to eat around here...
Airi: Yes, come in!
Producer: Thank you for coming today, MORE MORE JUMP!
Haruka: Oh...!
Haruka: (It's...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: T-Today, we're on the scene! We're the idol group that's been getting a lot of buzz on social media! MORE MORE JUMP!
(White cut)
Haruka: This segment involves traveling to various places and taking a closer look at the lives of the locals.
Airi: Right. And today, we get to be a part of the local elementary school's field trip!
Shizuku: A field trip...? What will we be doing...?
Haruka: Remember this part, everyone?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: Thank you for having us on for “Hey! Check Out This Town!” the other day.
Shizuku: Collecting vegetables and making curry with everyone was very fun.
Producer: I'm glad you all enjoyed it so much.
Producer: I actually just heard that you're all in the building today. I've been meaning to ask you all about appearing again on our program.
Minori: What?! You want us back?!
Producer: Yes, because we had more young viewers than usual tune in for your segment. They've been talking all about it on social media.
Producer: It's not a particularly flashy program since it follows the lives of people in the countryside... But we've also been meaning to attract a younger demographic...
Airi: Yes, of course! We'd love to!
Producer: Really?! Thank you very much!
Producer: Then, we'll let you know once we've hashed out all the details!
Haruka: Yes, we'll be looking forward to hearing from you.
Producer: Oh, also. You all have school during the week, yes?
Producer: Would you prefer it that we schedule our meetings and the shoot on weekends, like we did last time?
Airi: Yes, that would help us quite a lot.
Haruka: Oh, but... Depending on the date, we may be able to meet during the week.
Producer: Would you mind elaborating...?
Minori: So, the thing is...
(Black cut)
Producer: Ah, I see! You're switching to your school's credit-based course!
Minori: Once we're second years, we plan on working as much as we possibly can!
Haruka: Our hope is that we won't be as troublesome to book in the future, so please let us know anytime you'd like to make scheduling adjustments.
Producer: Ah, much appreciated.
Producer: Then, I'll let everyone know that you're on board. Thank you all very much.
Everyone: Thank you very much!
Minori: Wow...! They really want us back on!
Shizuku: I'm so glad! I was hoping they'd ask us back since I enjoyed that shoot so much.
Airi: *Sigh* I had fun too, but try to keep in mind that we're not going on vacation or anything.
Haruka: Hehe.
Haruka: I guess going credit-based was the right choice...
Minori: Definitely! And the producer seemed really happy when you said that we'll be easier to book in the future, Haruka!
Minori: We don't move up a year for a little bit, but we're gonna work like there's no tomorrow after we go credit-based!
Haruka: Which means we should probably start telling more people that our schedule's going to open up quite a bit when we do.
Airi: Good idea! We should make that clear to everyone we meet moving forward!
Shizuku & Minori: Yeah! Right!
Minori: Eep... M-My tummy...
Haruka: Hehe. Let's pack up and get something to eat.
(Black cut)
