716_Haruka Kiritani_R4 Unbeatable Coordination! (event_106)

Gacha phrase: Take...this!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Saki: Here goes... There!
Saki: *Sigh* Failed again...
Ichika: If we include all the times we tried during the lunch break, that was our hundredth time... Making a challenge video is even tougher than I expected.
Haruka: Rolling the same number on six dice... It's easier said than done since the odds are so low.
Saki: Just how low are the odds, about?
Haruka: Let's see... Since there are six dice, we put in six to the power of six as the denominator, and the numerator would be six...
Haruka: If we roll 7,776 times, we can expect to get it once...
Saki: S-Seven thousand?!
Saki: A-Alright! I'm gonna pretend I didn't hear that! One more time...
Haruka: Oh... Sorry. I have things to do for MORE MORE JUMP! today, so I need to be going soon.
Ichika: Oh. It's almost time for our practice too.
Saki: Wait, it's already that time?!
Haruka: I guess we'll pick this back up tomorrow.
Saki: *Sob*
Saki: Sorry, guys... I didn't mean to take up so much of your time.
Saki: This might be a little too difficult, so maybe we should try it with fewer dice tomorrow?
Haruka: No... The odds aren't zero, so we're sure to do it if we keep trying.
Ichika: She's right. Let's be patient and persevere!
Saki: Ichi, Haruka...
Saki: But... At this rate, it could take us days and days, y'know?
Haruka: Hehe, that's fine. We'll stick with you until it happens, no matter how many hundreds or thousands of rolls it takes.
Ichika: Yeah. Let's make it happen.
Saki: Thank you! I love you guys!
Saki: Alright, let's do our best again tomorrow!
(Black cut)

[The next day - Lunch break]

Saki: Huh?! Ichi, you're eating an egg sandwich!
Haruka: Were they out of yakisoba buns?
Ichika: Oh, they still had yakisoba buns, but...
Ichika: According to my fortune for today, yellow is my lucky color. So, I wanted to give our luck any boost I could to help us with the challenge video...!
Saki: Ichi...!
Saki: I'm gonna pick up trash in the classroom to boost my luck with good deeds!
Haruka: Um, in that case... Maybe I'll help the girl on classroom duty clean the blackboard.
(Black cut)

[After school]

Saki: Alright, this time...!
Saki: Wh-Whoa...! We got five ones! They're matching!
Haruka: But the last one...
Ichika: It landed up against the pencil case and isn't facing straight up...
Saki: ...
Saki: Ichi, Haruka, close your eyes for juuust a second!
Haruka: Huh?
Saki: *Blow*
Saki: Okay! You can open them now!
Ichika: Oh...
Haruka: They're all ones, but... Hehe. Saki, isn't that cheating?
Saki: Nooo worries! I didn't use my hands, so it's all good!
Ichika: I see. Then we'll call this a success, so...
Haruka, Saki & Ichika: Yay!
Ichika: Around how many times did we end up rolling...?
Haruka: About two hundred.
Saki: We rolled that many times?! Thank you both so much for sticking with me!
Haruka: And thank you for inviting me. All that excitement and goofing around was a lot of fun.
Ichika: The validity of our success is kind of questionable, though.
Saki: Whaaat?!
Haruka, Saki & Ichika: Hehe. Hahaha.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

[Nonogi Park]

Haruka: Oh... Saki! Over here!
Saki: Ah, Harukaaa!
Saki: Sorry, did I make you wait?
Haruka: No, I just got here too early. I've been really looking forward to today.
Saki: Hehe, I've really been looking forward to it too!
Saki: I mean, I get to see the photo album you made♪
Haruka: Hehe. Then, should we go ahead and show each other?
Saki: Yeah! One, two, three...
Haruka & Saki: Ta-da!
Saki: Whoa... Your album looks so trendy! It's the color of the sky on a sunny day, and so totally you!
Haruka: Hehe, thanks. I wanted to keep the cover simple, so I chose an album without any pattern on it and just added the title.
Saki: Wait! You wrote these cursive letters, Haruka?! That's amazing!
Saki: And the ribbon holding it together is a super cute accent!
Haruka: It feels a little embarrassing getting so many compliments on it. Still, Saki, the cover on yours is really cute too.
Haruka: It's decorated with these drawings and stickers, and looking at it makes me excited about all the fun memories it must be filled with.
Saki: Hehehe, I made it all sparkly so it'd feel like a treasure chest full of memories♪ I decorated the inside a whole bunch too, so you can look forward to that!
Haruka: Hehe, got it. Can we start with yours, then?
Saki: Sure! Go ahead♪
Haruka: Oh... There's a heading for each photo written in a speech bubble.
Haruka: Hehe. This picture of us eating lunch together at the Sports Festival says, “Haruka's omelets are seasoned with soy sauce and not too sweet♪”
Saki: Yeah! Since I was happy I got to swap food with you♪
Saki: Oh! Speaking of the Sports Festival, there's also a photo from when we tried mixing a bunch of fountain drinks at the diner we went to for the after-party!
Haruka: That was one of the photos you gave me too. Look, I also included it in my album.
Saki: You did! Hehehe, I'm happy you used it♪
Saki: But wow, Haruka, your album even looks trendy on the inside! Like the way you stuck the photos in with masking tape!
Haruka: That's actually something I was particular about. It was fun picking out different colors of tape based on each picture, so I spent a lot of time on that.
Haruka: Oh... But it was pretty tough deciding on a color to match this photo. There wasn't a color that really matched the fountain drink mix you made...
Saki: Hahaha! I mixed every drink together, so it turned a pretty crazy color! But it surprised me since it was actually good...
Haruka: (We really did make lots of fun memories...)
Haruka: (But...)
Haruka: (That might be making me feel kind of sad after all. I'm sure I'll be able to remain friends with Saki and the others even once I'm in the credit-based course, but...)
Haruka: (Having after-parties when a school event is over, going to hang out after school like in this picture... I probably won't be able to do that as much.)
Haruka: (So, I'll treasure the memories I've made with everyone...)
Saki: Oh yeah! By the way, I got a certificate from Ichi and the girls the other day♪
Haruka: Huh? What for?
Saki: For achieving everything on the list of things I wanted to do!
Saki: And I was happy just that I got a certificate, but what they wrote on it made me even happier!
Haruka: Huh, that sounds great. What did it say?
Saki: Well, there was the part about how great it was that I finished my list and made lots of memories...
Saki: And it also said “Let's continue to make more memories together”!
Haruka: Oh...
Saki: That got me thinking that even though I already made lots of memories this year, this isn't the end...
Saki: I want to keep making lots more memories and adding more pages to this album.
Saki: I hope I can make lots more memories with you too, Haruka♪
Haruka: Saki...
Haruka: Yes... I feel the same.
Haruka: It's not just the memories I've made up until now... I want to treasure the ones I'll be making from now on too.
Saki: Yeah! And let's definitely go on that trip like we promised during the field trip!
Haruka: Right. Let's iron out a plan with Ichika and the others when we get a chance.
Saki: Where would be good...?! Hot springs would be great, but I wanna go camping too! Oh, or—
Haruka: Hehe. But first, I'd like to see more of your album.
Saki: Oh, right!
Saki: I want you to see it too, and I also wanna see yours!
Haruka: Okay. My favorite pictures are...
(Black cut)
