729_Haruka Kiritani_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani)

[Haruka's Room]

Haruka: Okay, this is my room.
Saki: Wow, it's so cute...! Ichi, look at all the penguins!
Ichika: Yeah, and the decor's so modern...
Haruka: Hehe. Thanks. Here, feel free to use these cushions.
Ichika: Oh, they're also penguin-themed.
Saki: That's Haruka for you! She's covered all her bases.
Haruka: I don't do it on purpose, but I sort of just end up buying these things when I see them, you know...?
Ichika: Hehe. We know how much you love penguins.
Saki: Oh, hey...! She's got some weights and stuff hidden amongst her flock of penguins!
Ichika: Oh, you're right. Dumbbells, one of those stretchy things for working out your core and... What are these? They look like little track hurdles...
Haruka: Those are push-up stands. They're supposed to help you do them properly.
Ichika: Really...?
Saki: Hehe. Little track hurdles... That's so cute, Ichi!
Ichika: H-Hey, I didn't know how else to describe them.
Haruka: Hehe.
Haruka: But you two finally got a chance to visit. I was hoping this would happen when we were still classmates.
Ichika: I doubt there was much we could've done since we're all so busy.
Saki: If anything I'm really happy that you decided to invite us over today!
Ichika: Me too. Now that we're in different classes, we probably won't get as many chances to talk or do things together.
Saki: Exactly♪ That's why you inviting us over now feels even more special than before!
Haruka: In that case, I'm really glad I did...
Haruka: I actually sort of blamed myself for not making this happen sooner...
Ichika: Wait, why?
Haruka: Changing classes usually means hanging out with new friends, groups and classmates, right?
Haruka: So I understand that it's an important time for everyone as they try to get settled in...
Saki: Haruka...
Saki: That's not really a problem for me because of how good I am at making new friends♪
Saki: I joined my last class partway through the year, but I still ended up becoming friends with everyone!
Haruka: Oh...
Haruka: Hehe. Now that you mention it...
Haruka: I'd forgotten all about that since you so quickly ended up becoming the beating heart of our class.
Saki: See what I mean♪
Ichika: I-I'm not as good at making new friends as Saki...
Ichika: But I've also made a couple already, so you don't have to be so careful with us.
Ichika: I care about my new friends, but I also care a lot about my existing ones.
Haruka: Ichika...
Haruka: (Look at me. What am I doing...? I'm getting all worked up over nothing.)
Haruka: (I mean, these two...)
Haruka: (Were the first friends I made as a regular high schooler.)
Saki: Oh, I know!
Saki: Hey, Haruka! Can I try using your ab-blaster thing?
Haruka: Sure, but do you know how to use it?
Saki: Uhh... You're supposed to roll forward on it and roll back to your original position, right?
Haruka: Yeah. Get into a kneeling pose, place the roller in front of you and move yourself forward on it as slowly as you can while engaging your core.
Saki: Okay!
Saki: Slowly... Slowly...
Ichika: Hey, you're doing pretty well...
Haruka: Now, try stretching your arms out in front of your head.
Saki: My arms... I-I'm trying...
Saki: Hnnng... N-No, I give up...!
Ichika: Oh...
Saki: Huff... Huff... My body's shaking like crazy! How am I supposed to get myself back to where I was?!
Haruka: Hehe. Actually, just maintaining that position for as long as possible can also be a good workout.
Ichika: Really? Then, you don't necessarily have to roll yourself back to your original position?
Saki: Ichi, you should give it a try! After that, we'll have Ms. Haruka show us how to do it right!♪
Ichika: Doesn't the instructor usually go first...? Still, Saki, you tried your best, so I guess I should as well.
Ichika: Okay, Ms. Haruka... Is there anything else I should keep in mind?
Haruka: Hmm... Well... Since you're asking...
Saki: Hey, no hints! You gotta do this without anyone's help!
Haruka: Hehe. She got us.
Ichika: I'll still try my best.
Haruka: *Nod* You can do it, Ichika.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Airi: Haruka, Minori, you there?
Haruka: Airi? Oh, Shizuku, you too...
Shizuku: Oh, Haruka. Is Minori not with you?
Haruka: She's teaching some of her juniors in the animal caretaker committee how to look after the rabbits.
Airi: Oh, okay. Then, we can try inviting Minori again some other time.
Airi: For now, if you're free, wanna have lunch with us?
Haruka: Sure. I'd love to.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Haruka: Let's eat.
Airi & Shizuku: Let's eat.
Haruka: I feel like it's been a little while since we had lunch together like this.
Shizuku: Oh, you thought so too? We were also just talking about that.
Airi: We get to eat together in the green rooms and buses for shoots and stuff, but we usually end up talking about work.
Airi: So, it's nice to just sit, chat and have lunch together at school like this for a change.
Haruka: Which is why you went out of your way to invite me?
Airi: Yeah. It's a little unfortunate that Minori couldn't join us today, though...
Shizuku: I'm sure she's doing her best to teach her juniors on the committee how to take care of the animals.
Haruka: Yeah. She sounded really excited about getting to teach them.
Airi: Hehe. I can already see her getting all pumped.
Shizuku: You didn't end up joining one, right, Haruka...?
Haruka: *Nod* I was thinking about joining one that was shorthanded, but most already seemed to have enough people on board.
Airi: Oh, that's really thoughtful of you.
Airi: Most people in our class said they wanted to put work first, so we just ended up drawing straws.
Airi: Also, what's it like being back on the credit-based course?
Haruka: What's it like...?
Haruka: Well, things don't feel all that different...
Haruka: And despite being in a new class, I already know at least half of the people in it.
Airi: Yeah, I guess you just returned to being where you were before...
Haruka: Oh, but... Something nice did happen.
Haruka: When I went walked through the doorway into my new class after the opening ceremony, the other credit-based students surprised me by...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Classmate A: Welcome back, Haruka!
Classmate B: Welcome back, Kiritani!
Haruka: Hi, I'm back.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: Welcome back, huh...?
Haruka: *Nod*
Haruka: But I don't think being credit-based had anything to do with that.
Shizuku: Yes, I know what you mean.
Airi: That's really nice of them. I guess Minori's also in good hands.
Haruka: Yeah. She's already become friends with some of them, and has even made plans to do lunch.
Airi: Hehe. Way to go, Minori!
Haruka: So, Airi, Shizuku, thank you both for looking out for us.
Airi: Hey, we're in this together, aren't we?
Shizuku: Exactly. Please feel free to ask us for help if you ever think you need it.
Haruka: Okay, I will.
(Black cut)
