780_Haruka Kiritani_R4 A Lavish Feast (event_111)

Gacha phrase: This is too good to be true!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Haruka: Well then, thank you again for today.
Show Staff Member: Thank you as well. We look forward to working with you ladies again.
Shizuku, Airi & Minori: Thank you!
Airi: *Sigh* Talk about a tough shoot. I still can't believe they had us dress up as ghosts for a haunted house.
Shizuku: Me too. I tried my best to scare the guests, but nothing I did ended up working...
Minori: Haha... You did get lost for a bit while we were all getting into position...
Haruka: And things got a little hectic after that when the guests realized who you were.
Airi: It was pretty amazing to see so many of them flock to her like that...
Haruka: She may not have succeeded in scaring them as a ghost, but she definitely gave them a good shock.
Airi: That defeats the whole purpose of our shoot!
Airi: Still, as unexpected as that was, she ended up fulfilling her duty as a ghost after that.
Minori: *Sob* I wish I had been scarier too...
Minori: I thought I'd be able to do a better job since I'd done it once before during the school festival!
Shizuku: I also wish I could've done a better job of scaring the guests.
Shizuku: That being said, a certain someone really stole the show today...
Airi: Haruka.
Haruka: Huh?
Airi: The way those guests screamed... We could hear them all throughout the haunted house.
Minori: Some of them were even crying a little after they exited...
Shizuku: Yes, I was so staggered. How were you able to become such a convincing ghost?
Haruka: How...? Remember how the regular cast did that demonstration for us? I just copied what they did.
Minori: What?! You figured out how to be that scary just after watching their demonstration...?!
Airi: Also, how was she scarier than the actual cast...?
Shizuku: Hehe. You made such an adorable ghost, Airi.
Airi: What's the point in being an adorable ghost?! How am I supposed to scare people like that?!
Minori: We just gotta do better the next chance we get!
Minori: Haruka, please show us your ways!
Haruka: Huh? I mean... I guess the main thing I did was try to get everyone to look my way.
Minori: To look your way?
Haruka: Yeah, I noticed that the cast didn't really shout much when trying to scare the guests. Their goal seemed to be to very slowly draw their attention.
Haruka: So I tried to copy that, and...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haunted House Guest A: I-Is it just me or is something following us...?!
Haunted House Guest B: Whoa, don't say stuff like that! Wait, huh...?! Y-You're right...!
Haruka: No...on't...lea...ee...
Haruka: Don't leave me...!!!
Haunted House Guests A & B: EEP!
Haunted House Guests A & B: AAARGH!!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: I started by getting them to notice the sound of my footsteps. Once they took notice and turned my way, I pounced and put all my energy into scaring them.
Airi: Y-Yeah, I agree that it's better to build up some suspense first instead of just jumping out at them...
Airi: But you reproduced what the cast did to a T. I didn't realize your work ethic extended to this kind of stuff...
Shizuku: In any case, the crew were all saying how the guests gave them plenty of good reactions.
Airi: Yeah, true. In the end, they got all the shots they needed.
Minori: They said we should look forward to seeing it air. How do you think they're gonna edit everything?
Airi: Dunno, but I wouldn't be surprised if Haruka started getting offers for TV dramas and stuff considering how terrifying she was as a ghost.
Minori: T-T-T-TV dramas?!
Haruka: I'm not so sure about that...
Haruka: But if I do get that sort of opportunity, I might ask you to help me with my character, Airi.
Haruka: As practice, I could follow you around and scare you from time to time.
Airi: Y-You're joking, right...?
Haruka: Hehe. I think we're all looking forward to seeing the show air.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Ryusuiso - Peony Room]

Minori: Mmm! Every dish is so good! Which one should I try next?
Airi: What's in this little bowl...?
Haruka: That one's tofu skin. I think you're supposed to top it with this condiment.
Shizuku: Oh, that's wonderful! I love tofu skin!
Haruka: The proprietress also said that she recommends the wild herb tempura. The herbs were apparently freshly picked on a nearby mountain.
Airi: A recommendation...
Airi: Then, Minori, wanna try giving us a quick review?
Minori: What?!
Airi: Remember how nervous you were during our shoot at the cafe? Why don't you take this opportunity to practice since we have such a lovely feast in front of us?
Minori: G-Good point...! I've been practicing a ton since then, so I should be a lot better at this now...
Minori: Lemme show you all just how much I've improved!!
Haruka: You sound so eager. I'm looking forward to what you have in store for us.
Shizuku: You can do it, Minori. We believe in you.
Minori: Okay, then...! I-I'll get started!
Minori: Mmm! The batter's so crunchy... And the herbs...
Minori: I-It's like the mountain's right in my mouth...!!
Shizuku: The mountain...?
Haruka: Th-That's quite an expression...
Airi: Sounds like you still need more practice...
Minori: *Sob* S-Still...?
Rin (MMJ): <Heya♪ We're here to hang out!>
Miku (MMJ): <We figured it was time to eat, so we came to see what you were having.>
Shizuku: Miku! Rin! Yes, we were just eating. Can you see everything?
Rin (MMJ): <Wow! That looks amazing! Oh, what's in this pot?>
Airi: Oh, that's right. We still haven't opened this one.
Minori: Yeah! What do you think's inside?
Airi: Then, let's have a look. Ready? Three, two, one...
Rin (MMJ): <Whoa!! There's a whole fish inside! That's so cool! I like this dish already!>
Miku (MMJ): <Hehe. Its visual appeal is really astonishing!>
Haruka: It really is beautiful. The vegetables are cut so elegantly, and the plate's even shaped like a bamboo leaf...
Haruka: Not only is it delicious, it's also aesthetically pleasing. It's almost a shame that we have to eat it...
Rin (MMJ): <Oh, that means this dish is just like an idol!>
Haruka: What do you mean?
Rin (MMJ): <It both looks and tastes amazing, right?>
Rin (MMJ): <Like the way idols use both feelings and performances to bring fun to their fans♪>
Haruka: I see...
Haruka: Now that you mention it, idols do have a few things in common with cooking.
Haruka: Like wanting your guests to enjoy themselves.
Minori: Wh-Who would have thought we could learn about being an idol even from this!
Shizuku: You've made quite a remarkable observation, Rin. I'm so impressed.
Rin (MMJ): <Hehe. Pretty cool thought, right?♪>
Haruka: Hehe. I wasn't expecting to receive such a lesson from my food. Also...
Haruka: Idols and delicious food both have the ability to give people the energy they need.
Haruka: So, since this feast has given us a nice boost of energy, we'll need to do our best during tomorrow's shoot.
Shizuku, Minori & Airi: Yes! Yeah!
(Black cut)
