832_Haruka Kiritani_R2 Plotting A Surprise (event_115)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Hey, Airi.
Airi: Oh, Haruka, there you are. That just leaves Minori.
Shizuku: Why don't we start warming up while we wait for her to arrive?
Haruka: Sure, but... There's something I'd like to discuss before she does.
Airi: What do you wanna discuss?
Haruka: Remember how Minori told us yesterday that she'll be shadowing at Animal Land?
Haruka: I thought we could also go in secret and meet up with her around the time she finishes.
Airi: You wanna surprise her? As fun as that sounds, sorry... I've already made plans to check out a cafe that serves Japanese sweets with a friend.
Shizuku: Sorry, I also can't go. I need to go to the store to buy some archery equipment...
Haruka: I see... That's okay if you've both already made plans.
Airi: But you shouldn't let this opportunity slip. Why don't you go with someone you became friends with last year?
Haruka: That could also work... Thanks, I'll try asking around!
Shizuku: I hope your surprise goes well.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: (Who would be able to go...? Hmm...)
Ichika: Oh, Haruka.
Haruka: Ichika? Are you about to have lunch?
Ichika: Yeah, I'm thinking about getting some bread from the school store.
Haruka: I see. Actually... I'm really glad I ran into you.
Ichika: You are?
Haruka: Yeah, the thing is...
Saki: Oh! Hi, Ichi! Hi, Haruka!
Haruka: Oh, Saki...!
Saki: You two probably haven't eaten yet, right? Wanna have lunch together?! It's been so long!
Haruka: Sure. What do you think, Ichika?
Ichika: Yeah, of course.
Saki: Woohoo! The Class 1-C BFFs are back as a team!
Haruka: Hehe. It has been a little while. Anyway, let's go grab something to eat.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Haruka: I'm glad we got to have lunch together again despite being in different classes now.
Saki: Yeah, I couldn't be happier!
Saki: Hehe. The three of us meeting up almost feels like a pseudo-class reunion!
Ichika: By the way, Haruka, you wanted to talk to me about something?
Haruka: Oh, that's right. You and Saki both showed up just at the right time. I was just wondering...
Haruka: Are you two free the Saturday after next?
Haruka: Minori and Shiho are going over to Animal Land to shadow as caretakers. I was hoping to secretly go there around the time they finish.
Saki: You mean...like a surprise?!
Haruka: Yeah. We could jump out right when they wrap things up for the day.
Ichika: Oh, I see. So we wouldn't be interfering while they're working. I am free, and going to the zoo does sound like fun...
Haruka: Really? Then, Saki, how about you?
Saki: I... I really wanna go...
Saki: But I already made plans to go clothes shopping with friends that day!
Saki: *Sob* I'm missing out on something that sounds super fun! But I can't on my friends since I'm the one who invited them!
Ichika: It's too bad that you can't go, Saki... But try to cheer up! We'll bring back some nice souvenirs for you!
Saki: *Cry* That isn't making me feel any better!
Haruka: Then, how about this? We'll come up with a way to surprise you some other time, Saki.
Saki: A surprise for me?! What are you gonna do?!
Haruka: Telling you would defeat the purpose. So, it'll be a secret until then.
Ichika: Yeah, that does sound like fun. I'll help.
Saki: Th-Th-That... That sounds super duper amazing! I can't wait!
Haruka: I'm glad you're feeling better now.
Ichika: We'll need to come up with a really good surprise for her, Haruka.
Haruka: Right. Let's both give her the best surprise we can.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Scramble Crossing]

Minori: Okay, we're this way. Bye, Shiho! Bye, Haruka!
Ichika: See you both.
Haruka: Okay, see you.
Shiho: You're not going with them, Kiritani?
Haruka: There's somewhere I'd like to go before I head home.
Shiho: Then, wanna walk part of the way together?
Haruka: Sure. By the way, the zoo was so much fun today.
Shiho: To be honest, I was really surprised when you and Ichika showed up.
Haruka: Hehe. Good. That means we succeeded.
Shiho: I didn't realize you were so mischievous.
Haruka: Hehe. Guilty.
Haruka: While we're on the subject, Hinomori, which animals did you think were the cutest?
Shiho: I can't decide. The leopard cat family was adorable, but I also couldn't believe how quickly that guinea pig fell asleep in my lap...
Haruka: What about the rabbits at the petting zoo? You seemed to enjoy them quite a bit.
Shiho: Oh, yeah... They couldn't seem to get enough of the carrots and spinach I had, which was...well, really cute...
Haruka: Hehe. I'm glad you had such a fun time.
Shiho: Anyway, that's enough about me. How about you, Kiritani? Which animals did you like the most?
Haruka: Me...? I think I enjoyed all of us hanging out much more than any of the animals I saw today.
Shiho: All of us hanging out...?
Shiho: Yeah, true... We don't really get to do stuff like this since we're all so busy.
Haruka: I hope we get to hang out again soon. We could try going somewhere else next time... Oh, like an aquarium.
Shiho: An aquarium...? Yeah, that could be fun.
Haruka: Aquariums have all sorts of cuddly creatures...like penguins.
Shiho: Oh, that's right. You really like penguins, don't you?
Haruka: I do. Getting to pet all those little critters made me want to pet some penguins too.
Shiho: Does the aquarium let you do that?
Haruka: Only during special events they hold occasionally.
Shiho: And you get to touch them...? Now I'm really curious.
Haruka: Why don't we go together the next time they hold one of those events, Hinomori...?
Shiho: Yeah, I want— I mean, if I'm free...
Haruka: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
Haruka: At the same time... I'm a little worried about how you're going to react.
Shiho: To what?
Haruka: The thing is, in the face of real-life penguins... I sort of lose sight of everything else.
Shiho: You can get tunnel vision like that, Kiritani?
Haruka: Yeah, and if they all flock towards me... Well, something embarrassing might happen.
Shiho: I kinda want to see that now.
Shiho: Still, even for an event, I doubt they'd let you play with a whole flock of penguins all at once. Not unless you're actually taking care of them...
Haruka: As part of the aquarium staff...
Haruka: How could I've been so oblivious? I might have to see if they'll let us shadow...
Shiho: No, I was kidding.
Haruka: In any case, I'm going to go sate my penguin craving in a different way today.
Shiho: A different way?
Haruka: I was thinking about stopping by the Penguin Cafe. They don't have real penguins, but the atmosphere should be more than enough.
Shiho: Oh, that's what you were talking about going before you head home...?
Haruka: Yes. Seeing all those cute little animals today made me want to cap off the day by seeing some penguins.
Shiho: I see. Now that you mention it...
Shiho: (I won some penguin merch in a prize draw that one time, and I'm pretty sure it said online that the Penguin Cafe has new stuff from that brand...)
Haruka: Would you like to come with me, Hinomori?
Shiho: Huh...?
Shiho: I... I guess their menu's probably changed since the last time I went, so it might be nice to go back again...
Shiho: Also, I wanna see what happens to you when you're surrounded by penguins.
Haruka: I should be fine... But please stop me if I start losing control.
(Black cut)
