874_Haruka Kiritani_R4 Older Than It Looks (event_122)

Gacha phrase: Wha... It came off?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Rental Meeting Room]

Haruka: Hello? This is Kiritani.
Saito: <It's Saito. I'm really sorry about making you all go meet that producer without me.>
Saito: <So, can you tell me what happened? I'd like an update if possible...>
Haruka: Just a moment. Let me put you on speakerphone...
Minori: Saito? Can you hear me?
Shizuku: Hello?
Saito: <Yes, I can hear you!>
Airi: Your timing couldn't have been better. We were actually just about to call you after we managed to snag a meeting room.
Haruka: Anyway, as for our situation...
(Black cut)
Haruka: ...and after sharing our talk segment idea for that portion of the show, the producer gave us the okay.
Airi: Next, we'll need to find some good images and other media for our segment. We'll let the producer know once we do, and then the crew can start turning them into panels and stuff.
Saito: <You're being asked to do that? I thought that was the show's responsibility...>
Haruka: Normally, yes. Unfortunately, there isn't any time for us to check over everything they make.
Haruka: So, it's just easier at this point for us to find the images we want to use for panels and such.
Saito: <I see... This is more work than I was expecting for you to be given.>
Saito: <How are you all feeling? You must be tired after looking at all those houses yesterday, and the shoot is tomorrow.>
Airi: No, we're great! After all, this is a huge opportunity for us.
Minori: What she said! We're gonna find a way to succeed no matter what!
Saito: <All of you...>
Saito: <Please let me know if there's anything I can do!>
Saito: <I can't be there with you right now, but I am still your manager!>
Shizuku: Yes, we will.
Haruka: We should be able to figure this out as long as we work together.
Saito: <Okay! Then, we'll talk again soon.>
Haruka: Thank goodness we got a chance to tell Saito about what happened.
Minori: Yeah! But I'm still having a hard time believing it's only been a day since we went house hunting...
Haruka: Me too. It feels like something that happened ages ago for some reason.
Airi: Really? It's still pretty fresh in my mind. Remember how you broke that doorknob in that second house we saw, Haruka?
Haruka: Again, I didn't break it... It was already broken, and Ms. Kawanishi agreed.
Haruka: Still, my heart did skip a beat when it literally came off the door...
Haruka: I was just wondering what was in that room, and it ended up coming apart as I turned it...
Shizuku: Hehe. We even looked at each other while wondering what we were going to do about it.
Haruka: Since “you break it, you buy it” can also apply to houses.
Airi: I'm not against old houses or anything, but that one might've been a bit too well-worn for my taste...
Minori: Haha... Imagine if the windows were cracked and there were cobwebs everywhere like a haunted house...
Airi: To be fair, I guess it was just clean enough to be livable.
Airi: But the stains we saw on the floor probably meant that the roof leaks.
Haruka: That would explain why the floor in the practice room felt so flimsy.
Minori: But a leaky roof could be kinda fun.
Haruka: Huh?
Minori: You know how some things go clink and some go clonk when raindrops hit them?
Minori: I remember taking a bucket out onto the balcony during rainy days when I was little because I liked hearing those sounds so much.
Shizuku: I know what you mean. Shii and I used to sit and play beneath the eaves of our house when we were little.
Shizuku: We brought along empty cans and bowls to see what sorts of sounds they'd make.
Haruka: Hehe. I can already see you two having so much fun.
Airi: I like hearing raindrops too, but I still don't wanna deal with a leaky roof.
Airi: Also, we're getting way off topic... We have to decide what we need for our talk segment fast!
Haruka: But you're the one who brought up that doorknob, Airi.
Airi: Fine, I give. I'm sorry I had to poke fun at you.
Airi: Anyway, we only have this room for a little bit, so let's get cracking.
Haruka, Minori & Shizuku: Okay. Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Elderly Lady: Anyway, ladies, we've been chatting out here for long enough. Why don't you all come on in?
Haruka: Okay. Pardon us.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: This is really going to be our new home base.
Haruka: Yeah... I honestly still can't believe it.
Elderly Lady: Hehe. That's perfectly understandable.
Elderly Lady: But I'm looking forward to when MORE MORE JUMP! starts calling this place home.
Minori: Us too. And we promise to take good care of it!
Elderly Lady: That reminds me. I have a little table that I've been meaning to give you. Also, let me pour some tea.
Airi: Thank you very much.
Haruka: Oh, how is your ankle feeling...?
Elderly Lady: Thank you for asking. It's feeling much better now.
Minori: Thank goodness... But it still hasn't fully healed yet, has it...?
Haruka: In that case, allow us to take care of the table and the tea.
Elderly Lady: Oh, but...
Haruka: Please, this is the least we can do since you're letting us move in upstairs.
Elderly Lady: I see... Then, if you don't mind...
Haruka, Shizuku, Airi & Minori: Of course!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Thank you for taking the time today to explain how we should go about moving in.
Haruka: You made us feel right at home. It's really starting to feel like our new home base.
Elderly Lady: Oh, that's good to hear.
Elderly Lady: Let me know if you think you need any help. I'm very much looking forward to seeing you all move in.
Airi: Thank you! We're also looking forward to it.
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: Thank you! Thank you.
Haruka: Then, if you'll excuse us.
Minori: Oh, uh... Please take care! I hope your ankle gets all better soon!
(Black cut)
Minori: The MORE MORE HOUSE is actually happening! I can't wait to start doing streams there.
Airi: Don't get too ahead of yourself. We only just discussed the move-in process a minute ago.
Minori: Hehe. I know.
Shizuku: But I understand how she feels. I'm also very excited about this.
Haruka: Me too. I'm looking forward to talking about how we're going to use each room.
Airi: Yeah, we have some paperwork to deal with first, but we'll need to start thinking about that soon.
Airi: Actually, do any of you already have plans for them? Also, what are your thoughts on furniture?
Minori: Ooh! I think one needs to be really cute, let in lots of light, have a few plants and be filled to the brim with plushies!
Shizuku: Oh, plushies? It's already starting to sound very cute.
Airi: Yeah, we'll want the room where we stream to look cute.
Haruka: Then, why don't we each bring over a few of our favorite plushies?
Haruka: They should help make it feel more like a place where we live instead of a room we've designated for doing streams.
Airi: Yeah, good idea. But I might not be able to contribute much...
Minori: You've got tons, Haruka! I mean, your room's full of penguins.
Haruka: I'm willing to bring over as many as we need. I don't have enough room to display all of them, so some are tucked away in my closet.
Haruka: Wait, if we do that... Won't it sort of turn into my room?
Shizuku: Hehe. Actually, I'd like to see that.
Airi: In any case, let's each jot down everything we can bring later. I mean, we don't even know how we're gonna lay things out yet.
Haruka: True.
Haruka: (Still, if I am going to take some over, which ones should I bring...?)
Haruka: (Hehe. I'll think about this more when I get home.)
(Black cut)
