922_Haruka Kiritani_R4 Hope Delivered (event_130)

Gacha phrase: Still... It made me happy.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani)

[Haruka's Room]

Haruka's Voice (Haruka): Thanks for letting me take a bath first, Mom. It's all yours now.
Haruka: Let's see... We weren't assigned any homework today, so...
Haruka: Oh, I'm supposed to check over that magazine article. In that case, I'll clean up a little and...
Haruka: Hm...? *Yawn...*
Haruka: I guess my body hasn't had much time to recover. I have been pretty busy lately.
Haruka: (Come to think of it, Saito has also been asking whether or not I should be taking on so much work.)
Haruka: (But the schedule she came up with afterwards seemed doable...)
Haruka: (On the other hand, I wanted to accept as many offers as I could to make the most of the wave we caught after Mr. Arimura's show aired.)
Haruka: Hmm...
Haruka: But I am glad that I went for it. Also, today was a pretty good checkpoint too.
Haruka: Still... *Yawn...*
Haruka: I should get some sleep... I can just wake up early tomorrow to check over that article.
Haruka: For now, let's stretch...
Haruka: Some background music would be nice. Where did I put my phone...?
Haruka: Oh, today's when...
Haruka: Yes, the new one's up. I'll listen to this today...
Young Lady: <Hello, listeners! It's time for this week's “Smiling News Bulletin”♪>
Haruka: (I can't help but smile when I hear her voice...)
Young Lady: <To start, I have an important announcement to make.>
Young Lady: <I'll be holding another mini-concert at our usual mall this Sunday!>
Haruka: (Wow, another one?)
Haruka: (But she mentioned that she'd be doing another mini-concert previously. Is she talking about the same one...?)
Young Lady: <Also, this one's going to be a charity event, so I'll be performing lots of songs by different artists that are popular right now alongside my own!>
Haruka: (Nope, it's a different one... She's basically doing one every other week now.)
Haruka: (That's pretty incredible. On top of performing at welfare facilities and kindergartens, now she's putting on charity concerts...)
Haruka: (She's doing everything she can in order to spread hope to others.)
Haruka: That's so great... And it should be a fun concert since she'll be performing a lot of different songs.
Haruka: Oh, wait... I forgot that I need to stretch.
Haruka: I'll leave my phone somewhere around here...
Young Lady: <So, to give you a little taste of what my next concert's going to be like, let's play this tune. Hit it♪>
Haruka: Oh, this song...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Young Lady: Let's dance on stage together! How about it?!
Little Haruka (Haruka): B-But... I don't know how...
Young Lady: No problem! We'll do something simple! I'm sure you'll get it in no time, Haruka!
Young Lady: So, let's dance!
(White cut)
Young Lady: Ready...? Go!
Little Haruka (Haruka): (Oh... I'm in perfect sync with the music...)
Elderly Lady: Oh, look at her. That's adorable. She's dancing like there's no tomorrow.
Little Haruka (Haruka): Huh...?
Girlfriend: Hey, check out that girl! She's so little, but an amazing dancer!
Boyfriend: Haha. Yeah, she is. I can't help but smile while watching her.
Little Haruka (Haruka): (They all like the way I'm dancing...)
Little Haruka (Haruka): (Right now? I'm smiling...?)
Little Haruka (Haruka): (Oh, I guess I am... I mean, that nice lady, the others... They're all sparkling...)
Little Haruka (Haruka): (This is so much fun...!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Young Lady: <I hope you enjoyed that. During the show, I plan on showing you all a simple dance routine that goes with it♪>
Young Lady: <Hehe. Actually, some of you may already know how to do it from previous concerts!>
Haruka: The dance routine for this...
Haruka: Kick and step and... Turn and tilt your head...
Haruka: Hehe. I still seem to remember it.
Haruka: Oh, right... I was supposed to be stretching before I go to bed.
Haruka: (I'm going to do my stretches and do my best again tomorrow.)
Haruka: (So that I can spread hope to lots of people like the way she has.)
Haruka: One, two, three, four...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

[Flower Field]

Haruka: I'm glad the sky's still the same beautiful blue as last time.
Minori: Me too! It only drizzles a bit here, so we can have picnics without worrying about it raining cats and dogs!
Len (MMJ): Cats and dogs? I'd heard that you don't exactly have the best luck, Minori, but still...
Airi: I know, right? And yet it's been torrential on our side today.
Len (MMJ): Huh...?
Shizuku: Incredibly windy as well...
KAITO (MMJ): I had no idea... That's pretty incredible if you think about it...
Luka (MMJ): But like Haruka said, we have such beautiful clear skies here. So, let's enjoy our picnic, shall we♪
Minori & Rin: Yeah!
Rin (MMJ): Actually, when can we start having those rice balls and sandwiches you all brought over?
Haruka: Probably after we've had another chance to take a look around this place.
Shizuku: We did all end up coming at different times when it was initially discovered.
Haruka: Right. And there may be some glowing flowers that we haven't found yet.
Airi: The flowers we found helped us a ton, so we should find any that are still out there.
Rin (MMJ): Okay! Then, those rice balls and sandwiches will just have to wait until a little later.
MEIKO (MMJ): Hm? Miku? You look a bit disappointed.
Miku (MMJ): What?! M-MEIKO! Please don't make it sound like I'm that hungry or something...!
Minori, Airi, Haruka & Shizuku: Haha! Hehe.
Haruka: Anyway, everyone, let's start exploring.
Minori: Roger!
(Black cut)
Minori: Also, ta-daa! I borrowed an encyclopedia about flowers from the school's library!
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, that should help us greatly in terms of identifying the flowers here!
Miku (MMJ): Yes, it should♪
Miku (MMJ): Oh, Minori! What about this red one? Its leaves look really unique...
KAITO (MMJ): This orange one is also interesting. It's very similar to a dahlia, but...
Haruka: Oh, you're right... Even when you stick your hand in, it doesn't get wet.
Rin (MMJ): See what I mean?! How cool is that?!
Shizuku: Oh, why don't we have our picnic here? We should be able to lay out our blanket without crushing any of the flowers.
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. Okay. Then, let's call the others over♪
Len (MMJ): I'll go. You two keep setting everything up.
(Black cut)
Minori: Hehe. Exploring and having a picnic here as a group was so much fun!
Airi: Now that you mention it, I really enjoyed our picnic.
Haruka: Yeah. I had a lot of fun too.
Shizuku: Me as well. Especially since I got to go for a walk with everyone in such a beautiful place like this.
Miku (MMJ): I also had a lot of fun♪
Rin (MMJ): Me too♪
Haruka: Anyway, this seems like a good time for us to break out the food.
Rin (MMJ): Yay♪
MEIKO (MMJ): You're both making it seem like this is the main event cheering like that.
Airi: Hehe. I'm glad to see that you're so excited!
Airi: So, here are the sandwiches I made! You've got your choice of BLT, ham and fruit!
Miku (MMJ): Wow, they all look delicious...!
Minori: I also made some sandwiches!
Minori: Let's see... These are egg salad, these have strawberry jam in them and these are the marmalade ones!
Luka (MMJ): Oh, these all look so wonderful. They're so colorful and aesthetically pleasing♪
Haruka: I've got rice balls over here. You can choose from plum, salmon and red perilla leaf seasoning.
Shizuku: I also made some rice balls. Mine have bonito flakes, tuna and mustard greens in them.
Rin (MMJ): Wow! You girls made all these for us?
Len (MMJ): We really appreciate it. Now, where to begin...
KAITO (MMJ): *Nod* It must've taken you girls a lot of time and effort to make all this.
Haruka: I had fun making mine since I ran a few taste tests along the way.
Haruka: Also, the thought of seeing you all smile excited me so much that my hands basically went on autopilot.
Minori: Same here!
KAITO (MMJ): Hehe. You put in all this effort just for us. I suppose we shouldn't expect any less from you girls.
Miku (MMJ): Yes, thank you all very much♪
Rin, Len, Luka & MEIKO: Thank you♪ Thank you!
MEIKO (MMJ): Anyway, shall we get started?
Haruka: Ready?!
(Background change)
Everyone: Let's eat!
(Black cut)
