938_Haruka Kiritani_R4 Get Closer & Work Together (event_133)

Gacha phrase: When you're lining up the flowers, try this...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Kagamine Rin)

[Haruka's Room]

Haruka: That's this shelf all sorted. Next, I'll start working on my desk.
Haruka: (We've been so busy lately that I need to take every chance I get to clean my room.)
Rin (MMJ): <Haruka! I wanna ask you something about this dance routine I've been practicing...>
Haruka: Huh? Rin? Whoa...!
Rin (MMJ): <Oh no!>
Haruka: O-Oww...
Rin (MMJ): <H-Haruka?! Are you okay?! That was a pretty loud thud...>
Haruka: I-I'm okay... I was cleaning up, and I sort of hit my head on the desk, that's all.
Rin (MMJ): <What?! Is it because I surprised you?! I-I'm so sorry!>
Haruka: It's not your fault, Rin. I was just careless.
Haruka: So, you said something about a dance routine?
Rin (MMJ): <Oh, you don't have to help if you're still cleaning!>
Rin (MMJ): <Also, good for you for cleaning your room!>
Rin (MMJ): <Wait, those papers on your bed...>
Rin (MMJ): <They all say “Audition Application” at the top... Oh, does that mean...>
Haruka: Yeah, they're my old resumes. Just practice ones, though. I found them while cleaning.
Rin (MMJ): <I knew it! Can I take a closer look at them? Please!>
Haruka: Hehe. Sure. I'll move them closer so you can see them better.
Rin (MMJ): <Yay! Thanks, Haruka♪>
Rin (MMJ): <Wow, your handwriting's amazing! It's identical to the way you write now!>
Rin (MMJ): <No, wait. Did you use to write a little bigger?>
Haruka: Haha. You got me...
Rin (MMJ): <Oh, why's the part where you talk about yourself all covered in red ink...?>
Haruka: Ah, those are my mom's corrections.
Rin (MMJ): <Really? Lemme see... “Talk about just one thing you're best at, and one thing you want to do!” “Answer the question first. Explain your reasoning after!”>
Haruka: Hehe. I remember her giving me other comments, too.
Haruka: (Still, these really take me back.)
Haruka: (I didn't know what I was supposed to write, but I knew for certain that I wanted to become an idol. And my mom was there to make corrections for me.)
Haruka: (I remember feeling so nervous after sending in my applications.)
Rin (MMJ): <Oh, at the end, you wrote, “I want to become an idol who can spread hope to others”!>
Haruka: Yeah, that has always been what's driven me.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Little Haruka (Haruka): She said that it's an idol's duty to spread hope to others and make them smile...
(White cut)
Little Haruka (Haruka): I want to spread hope to others the way she does... I want to make lots and lots of people smile...
Little Haruka (Haruka): I want to become an idol too...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: (Ever since the day she gave me my dream.)
Rin (MMJ): <Thanks for showing me these, Haruka! Oh, what's this piece of paper?>
Haruka: Huh? Oh...
Haruka: This is a clipping of the interview that the producer of ASRUN did.
Rin (MMJ): <Huh? Of ASRUN?>
Haruka: Yeah. I decided to apply to join ASRUN after reading this article.
Haruka: After seeing “idols are supposed to spread hope to others” in print.
Rin (MMJ): <Wait, that means...>
Haruka: Yes. His words matched up with my dream.
Haruka: That's why I became convinced that I could make it come true by joining his agency.
Haruka: (And I'm so glad I applied.)
Haruka: (I got to join ASRUN, make a lot of different dreams come true and spread hope to countless people.)
Haruka: (Unfortunately, things ended with us disbanding...)
Haruka: (But I've been able to take what I experienced with ASRUN and keep spreading hope to others.)
Haruka: (And I'm going to keep doing my best.)
Haruka: (So that we're able to spread hope to people all across Japan.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Classmate A: Minori! Kiritani! Can we have lunch with you guys?
Haruka: Yeah, come join us.
Minori: Let's move our desks together!
(Black cut)
Classmate A: Alright, let's eat♪
Everyone: Let's eat. Let's eat!
Classmate B: You two have been out for work so much lately, we've been waiting for you!
Haruka: Because of that really long shoot, we had to leave in the morning more than a few times.
Classmate A: Wait, was all that for “The Town Revitalization Team!”?
Minori: Yeah, did you watch?!
Classmate A: Of course! It was so good!
Classmate A: That town seemed so nice. All the greenery was really pretty, and the food looked amazing.
Minori: Yeah! The food we had at the eatery and the home cooking they served us was all really, really good!
Classmate B: ...! I know, right?!
Classmate B: Hanamioka cooking is just the best, no matter where you go!
Haruka: Huh?
Classmate B: Oh, so... Some of my relatives live there, so I go and visit a lot.
Minori: W-Wait, really?!
Classmate B: Yeah, they were really disappointed that the marathon wasn't getting a lot of sign-ups...
Classmate B: So I was blown away when I saw how lively it had become.
Haruka: I see...
Haruka: Thank you. Now I feel even better that we decided to take that offer.
Minori: Me too! Hehe. It was totally worth all that hard work!
Classmate A: Yeah, I've gotta think that it was a pretty tough shoot. On top of it being pretty long, it seemed like you had to do a lot.
Classmate A: Your group chooses which offers to accept, right, Kiritani? Why did you pick that one?
Haruka: Because...
Haruka: We thought it would give us a chance to show everyone what makes us special.
Classmate B: What makes you special?
Haruka: Yeah. We think it's about us being idols who can just be ourselves...
Haruka: And I feel it's really important for us right now to show that to as many people as we can.
Haruka: “The Town Revitalization Team!” was a perfect fit for that.
Classmate A: I see... I didn't realize so much thought went into it.
Classmate B: My agency decides everything for me, so I've never really thought about it that hard.
Classmate B: You really are as reliable as they come, Kiritani.
Minori: Heehee. Right?! Haruka's just that amazing!
Classmate B: It's true, whenever I see you on something, you really do act just like you always do.
Classmate A: Like when you lost track of where your hammer went while putting that stage together!
Minori: N-No, I was just...! P-Please forget that happened!
Haruka: I thought that was great. It was clear that you were trying your absolute best, Minori.
Minori: H-Haruka...!
Classmate B: Also, the part where you and Hinomori were helping that lady harvest her crops. I was amazed by how neither of you broke a sweat. All of you must be in amazing shape...
Classmate A: What?! There were way better scenes than that one! Like when they smiled after eating the vegetables they just picked!
Classmate B: Yeah, but farming's really hard! I mean, it's so physically demanding...
Haruka: Hehe. I didn't know that's what stood out to you. Now I feel a little embarrassed.
Haruka: Still, that was a good reminder of how hard farmers work all the time.
Haruka: We were able to help when conditions were good, but real farmers have to work that hard every day, even in bad weather...
Haruka: But I think Hanamioka's vegetables tasted better than anything I've ever had, after I learned what it takes to grow them.
Minori: I didn't know you felt that way, Haruka.
Haruka: Yeah. We really got to experience something special there.
Classmate B: Your group really is amazing, Kiritani.
Classmate B: Your incredible optimism and work ethic made me want to do my best too!
Classmate A: Me too! I have work after this, and I'm super stoked about it!
Haruka: You two...
Haruka: Thanks... Hearing you say that makes me really happy.
Minori: Yeah, me too! Thanks, you guys!
Haruka: (I couldn't be more thankful that our classmates see us in such a positive light.)
Haruka: (And how we've been able to spread hope like this...)
Haruka: (We need to keep doing our best to just be ourselves. To be MORE MORE JUMP!)
(Black cut)
