969_Haruka Kiritani_R4 Cheeky Junior! (event_138)

Gacha phrase: I'm good to keep going, though.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

[MORE MORE HOUSE - Practice Room]

Haruka: You're starting to rush, Airi. You need to maintain a steady pace while performing slow squats.
Airi: Okay...! *Wince*
Haruka: Your posture's falling apart. Shift your weight a little further back... No, that's too far!
Haruka: Alright, do your last ten while maintaining that posture. I'll do them with you.
Airi: Okay...!
Haruka: Forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty...!
Airi: *Sigh* I'm exhausted...!
Haruka: Nice work, Airi... You got through all three sets.
Airi: Th-Those last squats were killing me!
Haruka: This is meant to be a hard training session. I know it's tough, but this method does work.
Airi: Alright, if you say so... Anyway, I'm glad I was able to get through all three sets...
Haruka: Yeah, I am impressed by how much you've improved in such a short period of time.
Airi: But you're doing these kinds of exercises all the time, right...?
Haruka: Yeah, I follow a similar training regimen.
Airi: Then, I shouldn't be resting! I'm gonna figure out a way to make this a part of my routine.
Airi: Well, I'd like to...
Airi: But my legs are feeling really sore... Mind if we take a break before starting back up again?
Haruka: Oh, you want to take a break now?
Airi: Huh?
Haruka: I still feel totally fresh.
Haruka: But if you really need it, you go ahead and take a break, Airi. I'll continue without you.
Airi: Y-You...!
Airi: Fine, you're on! Be it five or ten sets, let's do this!
Haruka: Hehe. Then, let's just do one extra set.
Airi: Alright, sounds good! Ready... Go!!!
(Black cut)
Airi: Huff... Huff...
Haruka: Phew... Alright, now we can actually take a break.
Airi: Yeah... Okay... I'm definitely at my limit...
Haruka: But the way you got through that extra set after doing three was remarkable. Well done, Airi.
Airi: You're doing it again... Trying to get me all fired up, are you?
Airi: *Sigh* I guess you've always been this cheeky!
Haruka: Huh?
Airi: I haven't forgotten about when we ran into each other on the rooftop after you'd quit being an idol!
Haruka: The rooftop...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: Oh, that time...? Yeah, now that you mention it, things did get a little tense.
Airi: To be fair, it was sorta my fault... We were both going through a lot of stuff.
Haruka: Yeah.
Haruka: Back then, I never would've imagined myself becoming an idol again, let alone forming a group with you, Airi.
Airi: Hehe. Same here!
Airi: I know we didn't get off on the right foot back then, but I have a huge amount of respect for you now.
Airi: You're a professional with a calm and careful demeanor, which has been enormously helpful.
Haruka: Airi...
Haruka: I also think you've been big for us, Airi.
Airi: Huh?
Haruka: Because you're always there to pull us in the right direction whenever we're not sure what to do.
Haruka: When we were looking for an agency, and during our summer training camp... You helped us make all the right decisions.
Haruka: Every time we've found ourselves in a tough situation or felt like we were sinking, you took a hard look at things and found ways to keep us afloat.
Haruka: So, I think we both need each other.
Airi: Haruka...
Haruka: Anyway, I think we've rested for long enough. Shall we resume...?
Airi: Yeah, sounds good. We've still got a bunch of exercises left to do today...
Airi: And I feel even more motivated now because of you!
Haruka: Likewise. But don't suddenly run out of gas on me again, okay?
Airi: There you go again...!
Haruka: Hehe. Anyway, let's get started.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

[Morning]

[Nonogi Park]

Haruka: *Exhale* That's it for my run.
Haruka: I'll stretch after taking a quick break.
Haruka: (I thought I'd be more fatigued after Idol Lovers, but that's surprisingly not the case.)
Haruka: (If anything, this might be the best I've felt recently. Could it be because my body still remembers how I danced during the show...?)
Haruka: (Still...)
Haruka: (Our appearance at Idol Lovers ended up going so well yesterday.)
Haruka: (The audience went absolutely wild, and I could hear all their voices...)
Haruka: (I wished that performance would never end... I was having so much fun on stage that that was all I could think about.)
Haruka: (And our incredible performance was made possible by...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: (Getting to perform alongside them really was huge.)
Haruka: (They blew us all away the day at that joint rehearsal.)
Haruka: (But when we were on stage together, they made it very clear that they also wanted to spread hope to others.)
Haruka: (That allowed us to perform way above our usual level.)
Haruka: You can tell it's one of Mr. Hiiragi's groups...
Haruka: (Also...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: And turn this moment where our hearts have become one into a really special memory!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: (Airi did such an amazing job yesterday.)
Haruka: (I watched her make dramatic strides as we trained, but she absolutely soared during our performance...)
Haruka: (I really wasn't expecting her to fly as high as she did.)
Haruka: (That was the best performance I'd ever been a part of, and she made it happen.)
Haruka: (No, not just me...)
Haruka: (Shizuku and Minori also did really well yesterday.)
Haruka: (One person improved so much that everyone around them became better. As a result, we were able to reach a level that we normally can't.)
Haruka: (Which means, I...)
Haruka: (I also need to get better.)
Haruka: (I want to be able to do what Airi did yesterday. I want to bring out everyone's best.)
Haruka: (I want to learn how to spread more and more hope to more and more people.)
Haruka: (And to make that happen, for now, I need to keep practicing.)
Haruka: Alright.
Haruka: That settles that. I think I'll keep running a bit more today.
Haruka: I'll also increase my sets for strength training—
Haruka: A message? Oh, it's from Airi...
Airi's Message (Airi): <Morning! I'm looking at places where we can throw our Idol Lovers after-party right now. Anywhere you wanna go?>
Haruka: Oh, our after-party...
Haruka: (Where should we go...?)
Haruka: (I really should just keep practicing like normal while sticking to my diet...)
Haruka: (But breaks are also important.)
Haruka: (Especially after putting on the show that we did.)
Haruka: <Then, how about a buffet?>
Haruka: <One of my classmates told me about this new barbeque place that they said was really good.>
Airi's Message (Airi): <I'm down for all-you-can-eat barbeque!>
Haruka: Hehe. I'll have my cheat day coincide with our after-party.
Haruka: Until then, I'll need to keep doing my best...!
(Black cut)
