993_Haruka Kiritani_R4 You Give Me Wings (event_142)

Gacha phrase: Please, let me make it...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Haurka's Room]

Haruka: (I'm glad I was able to finish putting together our training schedules.)
Haruka: (I was even able to come up with individualized plans for Tenma, Shinonome and myself, since the stages we'll each be doing are all different.)
Haruka: I couldn't have done this without MEIKO's help...
Haruka: (But we don't have much time, so these schedules are pretty intense.)
Haruka: (I don't even know if Tenma and Shinonome will agree to do this...)
Haruka: (Oh, that reminds me...)
Haruka: Hey, An? Sorry, I know it's late.
(Background change)
An: <That's totally fine. Anyway, what's up? You usually message me instead of calling like this.>
Haruka: I wanted to ask you something.
(Background change)
Haruka: I'm going to be competing in an event called “Shinobi Battle” with Tenma and Shinonome...
(Background change)
An: <Yeah, I heard! Akito sounded super stoked. “If we're in it, we're in it to win it!”>
(Background change)
Haruka: I see...
Haruka: I actually just came up with some training schedules that I think will help us win.
Haruka: But I'd like to hear your opinion, since I feel that I may be asking too much of them.
(Background change)
An: <Wait, you want my advice? I don't really know a lot about this kind of stuff...>
Haruka: But you're friends with both Tenma and Shinonome, right? I was hoping you could tell me more about how they train on a daily basis.
An: <Oh, okay! I should be able to help you there!>
Haruka: In that case, I'll send over what I made now. If you don't mind taking a look at it...
(Background change)
An: <No, wait! Do we have to talk about this now?>
(Background change)
Haruka: Huh? No, not necessarily... Are you busy right now?
An: <No, I just thought that we could chat in person!>
An: <Are you free tomorrow after school? If you are, wanna come over to the cafe?>
(Background change)
Haruka: (I'm having that meeting with Minori and the others to discuss how we're going to do our Shinobi Battle stream. But I should be free afterwards...)
(Background change)
Haruka: I'm meeting with the other to discuss a stream, but I should be able to head over once it's done. Would that be okay?
An: <Okay! Then, we'll meet at the cafe once your meeting's finished!>
Haruka: Alright, sounds good.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Weekend Garage]

Haruka: Hello.
An: Welcome! Table for one?
Haruka: No, I'm meeting a friend. She should be here already...
An: Yes, she arrived here a little while ago, and got some cleaning in to boot.
Haruka & An: Hehe. Haha.
(Black cut)
An: Here's some tea. Sorry, this is sorta all we have, since we're closed right now.
Haruka: That's okay. I'll gladly have this.
Haruka: Mmm... This is nice...
Haruka: I'd heard the cafe would be closing for a while, but it doesn't really feel like it's been closed up.
An: Yeah. We've still been using it, just as a training space.
An: Speaking of which... I took a look at the training schedules you sent over.
Haruka: What did you think?
An: They look really intense! I totally get why you wanted to hear my opinion.
Haruka: Yeah, I had a feeling...
An: But they should work just fine!
Haruka: Huh...?
An: Lemme start with Akito. He trains the hardest out of everyone on our team, so he's as tough as nails!
An: If anything, he's the type who gets excited whenever he's faced with a difficult challenge!
Haruka: I see...
An: As for Tenma... One of my classmates does shows with him, and she's told me a lot about him!
An: He's apparently been training really hard lately too.
An: She said he can climb, or run, up walls or something now? Anyway, I don't think you have to worry about either of them.
Haruka: Okay...
Haruka: I guess I got a little ahead of myself.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: (I mean, those two were training that day in order to make their dreams come true, after all.)
Haruka: Sorry for making you gather all this information for me, An.
An: That's okay. All I really had to do was ask a friend in class.
An: If anything, I think it's good that you're being so careful and considerate about all this, Haruka.
An: Still, this is Akito and Tenma we're talking about. You really don't need to hold back for those two.
Haruka: I know you're all friends, An, but I'm not sure you're allowed to say that.
An: Heehee.
Haruka: (You're always like this...)
Haruka: (But I'm glad I asked you about this.)
Haruka: (Thank you so much, An.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Nonogi Park]

Haruka: 98, 99, 100...! Okay, that's one set.
Haruka: (I'm starting to get the hang of doing these exercises while wearing weights.)
Haruka: (I guess that means my training is going well.)
Haruka: (We have just three days left until Shinobi Battle. I need to keep this up, and get in the best shape I can.)
(Black cut)
Haruka: Phew... Three sets. That should be enough.
Akito: Sounds like you've reached a good place to stop, too.
Tsukasa: Why don't we take this opportunity to rest and rehydrate, Kiritani?
Haruka: Thank you. I think I will.
Haruka: Oh...
Tsukasa: Hm? Is something the matter? You giggled after looking at us...
Haruka: I'm sorry. We're taking a break, but you two are still wearing your weighted vests.
Akito: Oh, we totally forgot about these...
Tsukasa: Yes, I remember desperately gasping for air and throwing it off after completing every single set during our first day of training!
Haruka: That means your hard work is paying off.
Akito: Actually, I've been wondering... Where did you get these vests, and all that other strength-training equipment?
Akito: A yoga mat is one thing, but I doubt many people have weighted vests like these.
Tsukasa: Hm? Now that you mention it...
Tsukasa: I've become so used to a certain director using explosives and odd drones during our performances that I never thought to ask.
Akito: And now you're desensitized to these kinds of things...?
Haruka: Well, the story behind those vests involves...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haruka: Hey, Airi, does the show “Battle of the Muscly Stars” ring any bells for you?
Airi: Yeah, of course it does!
Airi: The producer for the Wide World of Laughs worked on it, so I got to appear on it as Happy Everyday.
Haruka: You battled against some female athletes, right?
Haruka: Do you happen to remember the name of the company that made all the props and equipment?
Airi: The company that made the props? Yeah, I remember...
Airi: Wait, don't tell me. You want to use them to train for Shinobi Battle.
Haruka: Ideally, yes... Do you think it'd be possible for me to borrow them?
Airi: If I recall, they don't accept personal orders, but they do rent out to individuals.
Airi: You should be able to send in a request through their website. Also, you'll be able to save on shipping by going over to their warehouse yourself.
Haruka: I see...
Haruka: Thanks, Airi! I'll look into it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Akito: So, the vests and other equipment we've been using were used on Battle of the Muscly Stars?
Haruka: Not necessarily everything.
Tsukasa: Still, a company that makes props for TV. They must have an assortment of fun things available for rental.
Haruka: Yes, they do have quite a large selection.
Haruka: A giant frying pan that can make yakisoba for a hundred people, a shrine gate, a footbath...
Akito: A shrine gate and a footbath?!
Haruka: They even had a skating rink and a merry-go-round.
Tsukasa: A skating rink and a merry-go-round?!
Akito: What shows did they make those for, and why...?
Haruka: I can't say, since I only had a few minutes to see what they had in their warehouse...
Haruka: Oh, their rental fees are based on the size of each object, so you can rent out the ones that don't require construction at a very reasonable price.
Tsukasa: I see. This is a useful bit of information. I'll have to tell Rui about this later.
Akito: What? He's the last person you should be telling.
Akito: What are you going to do when he ends up building a jet-flow bathtub or a skating rink that produces lightning?
Tsukasa: H-Hahaha. Don't be ridiculous, Akito. He only makes props for shows, remember?
Tsukasa: What kind of show involves using jet-flow bathtubs and skating rinks that produce lightning?
Akito: Your face is getting all twisted.
Haruka: Hehe.
Haruka: Oh, our break's already over. Are you two ready to continue?
Tsukasa: Ah, yes! I'm ready whenever!
Akito: I've gotten pretty used to my training schedule now, so I still feel pretty fresh.
Haruka: We have three days left. Let's keep doing our best so that we can post a result we can feel proud of!
Akito & Tsukasa: Yes! Yeah!
(Black cut)
