1010_Haruka Kiritani_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: I'll keep working hard and make each day count.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[One week before Haruka's birthday]

[Stage SEKAI - Flower Field]

Minori: Everyone! I brought Haruka!
Minori: Okay, Haruka! You can open your eyes now!
Haruka: Hehe. Okay, here I go.
Haruka: Wow...!
Miku (MMJ): It's a little bit early, but...
Everyone: Happy birthday, Haruka!
Haruka: Thank you all so much!
Haruka: Wow. You set up a birthday party in the flower field, and even prepared flower petal showers.
Airi: It was Miku and the others that suggested celebrating in the field, and doing a flower shower.
Shizuku: They also did most of these decorations, too.
Haruka: Oh, I see. Then, those blue balloons...
Rin (MMJ): Yeah♪ We blew up a bunch to decorate with!
Luka (MMJ): And of course you need flowers on your birthday.
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes!
MEIKO (MMJ): We actually prepared more flowers for you than just the ones we used for the flower showers.
Haruka: What?
Len (MMJ): Here, I'll go first! Happy birthday, Haruka!
Haruka: Thank you, Len.
Haruka: Oh, it's a bouquet of paper flowers.
Len (MMJ): Yeah. They're meant to be chamomile flowers.
Minori: All the flowers are so well made!
Shizuku: Yes. The first time he showed me, I thought they were real for a second.
Airi: But we're just getting started.
KAITO (MMJ): I'll go next. Happy birthday, Haruka!
Haruka: Wow... This flower is also made out of paper? It's so big!
KAITO (MMJ): I spent a lot of time picking the materials, so I only made one... But this can also be used as an aroma diffuser.
Haruka: Wow, really?
Haruka: It's big and eye-catching. It'd be a nice addition to any desk or table. Thank you, KAITO!
Rin (MMJ): Haruka! Next is from me and MEIKO♪
MEIKO (MMJ): Ta-da♪ It's a flower mobile and flower garland!
Haruka: Wow! And these are all paper flowers too?
Rin (MMJ): Yeah! The flowers and petals on the mobile are cherry blossoms.
Rin (MMJ): The way they sway makes it look like the petals are dancing in the air, doesn't it!
Haruka: That's such a wonderful idea.
Haruka: I can't wait to put this up in my room and see all the flowers swirl in the breeze.
Haruka: Oh, so if Rin made the mobile, does that mean you made this garland, MEIKO?
MEIKO (MMJ): That's right! I made it in pastel colors to suit any decor.
MEIKO (MMJ): The flowers' colors are subdued, but there are a lot of them, so they should brighten up any room.
Haruka: It would.
Haruka: It might also look cute on one of my big penguin plushies...
Luka (MMJ): There are still more presents to go. Right, Miku♪
Miku (MMJ): Yup!
Miku (MMJ): Here, Haruka! We made you a flower wreath, and a heart-shaped curio too♪
Haruka: Wow...! They're both so lavishly decorated!
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. I made the wreath. I got so into it while making it that I ended up making a lot more flowers than I planned♪
Miku (MMJ): Me too! I really wanted it to be a pretty heart shape, but somehow it just kept getting bigger.
MEIKO (MMJ): I kept going “I'll put this here...oh, the silhouette is wrong now, so I'll fix this side too”♪
Miku (MMJ): Haha. Still, it ended up with a really nice heart shape all the same.
Haruka: Yeah... The shape turned out so beautiful. And each individual flower is so cute.
Haruka: All these presents are so wonderful.
Haruka: Thank you so much, everyone.
Everyone: You're welcome♪ You're welcome!
Haruka: I can't wait to put them all up in my room.
Len (MMJ): That would make us very happy.
KAITO (MMJ): Thank you all for helping us buy all the materials, Minori, everyone.
Minori: Hehe. You're super welcome!
Shizuku: Hehe. I still remember when we went to buy the materials.
Airi: After our meetings ended, we pretended to be going home, and met back up at the shopping mall!
Minori: That was so exciting! It really felt like we were preparing a surprise!
Haruka: You did that? When was this? I didn't notice at all.
Minori: Hehe. Which means, our surprise was a success!
Airi, Minori & Shizuku: Yay!
Haruka: I'm repeating myself, but thank you so much for these presents, everyone.
Miku (MMJ): Of course♪
Haruka: I'll put them all in my room and take good care of them.
Airi: Okay, everyone! There's still lots of party left to enjoy!
Shizuku: We have low-sugar cake and plenty of snacks you can enjoy, Haruka.
Minori: Let's all eat them together!
Haruka: Yes!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Haruka's birthday]

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Saito: Okay, I'll be over here off-camera!
Haruka: Okay. Thank you.
Airi: Okay, here goes. Five, four, three...
Haruka: Hello, everyone! Welcome to my special birthday stream!
Minori, Airi & Shizuku: Yay♪
Comments: <We've been waiting!> <Looking forward to it!> <Haruka!>
Shizuku: First off, let's all wish Haruka a happy birthday together!
Shizuku: Ready? Go!
Minori, Airi & Shizuku: Happy birthday, Haruka!
Haruka: Hehe. Thanks!
Comments: <Happy birthday!> <Happy B'day!> <Have a good one!>
Haruka: Thank you to all our viewers for celebrating with me, too!
Airi: Okay! Our first segment is a party game that's sure to get exciting!
Airi: We call it “No I In Team: Birthday Edition!”
Minori & Shizuku: Yay♪
Minori: Whoa! What was that sound?!
Airi: We'll be playing several games on stream, but if anyone says a word with the letter “I” in it, you'll hear the buzzer.
Airi: Our manager has the buzzer, so she'll make sure things stay fair.
Shizuku: Oh. Airi, just now...
Haruka: Hehe. That's sneaky.
Airi: We're still getting ready, so that isn't actually—
Comments: <Oh, instant buzzer! Manager's sharp!> <Aaaand you're out!> <This is already fun.>
Airi: Ahem. You see! She's really fast on the draw!
Airi: Of course, she'll also track how many times people mess up.
Shizuku: Oh, so that's why we're streaming from the office today instead of the streaming room. Because we wanted to use the whiteboard.
Haruka: Right. We did see if we could manage in the streaming room, but it was a bit cramped...
Minori: And we haven't shown the office off yet! So, here it is! A special reveal!
Comments: <So that's why.> <It's a cute office!> <Feels cozy.>
Airi: Okay, now that we've gone over the buzzer, let me go over the rest of the rules!
Airi: To start, we'll all get some snacks. These are low-carb, so Haruka can enjoy them too.
Haruka: Each snack you have is worth one point.
Haruka: While we're playing games, every time we break the rule we'll lose a snack. Winning the games is important, but keep an eye on your snack pile too.
Airi: As an extra bonus, whoever takes home the gold also gets the conf... Um, the snacks everyone lost!
Minori: Oh! Wow, Airi! Nice save—
Minori: Ah!
Shizuku: Um, we haven't started yet, so that's okay, right?
Airi: Yes, that one gets a pass. But be more careful once we start.
Airi: And we're starting right now!
Airi: Okay, Minori. Can you tell us what games we'll play?
Minori: Yeah! To start, we have High or Low!
Minori: Huh?
Minori: Aaah!!!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Okay, the next card's a Queen.
Airi: Well, that should be an easy call. Haruka, what cards are above the Queen? Do you remember?
Haruka: Mm. The father card and the ace.
Airi: Father card? You mean the King?
Airi: Ah... Whoops! Hey, you set me up!
Haruka: Hehe. Too bad.
(Black cut)
Minori: Wow, Shizuku, you're so good! You're on a streak!
Shizuku: Hehe. Up or Down's so much fun♪
(Black cut)
Minori: Okay, that's the last game finished! No more forbidden words, either!
Airi: Phew... That was harder than I expected.
Haruka: You usually never have to think about it when you're talking, after all.
Shizuku: Oh, our manager has written down the rankings. Minori, could you read them out for us?
Minori: Okay!
Minori: Okay, here's how everyone did! In fourth place... Aww, it's me!
Comments: <Called it.> <You weren't being very careful, after all.> <And you did so well in the second game! Too bad.>
Minori: In third place is... Airi!
Airi: Huh?! I thought I earned a lot of points in game 3, though!
Comments: <Wow, really!> <The High or Low game hurt a bit.> <Don't feel bad, Airi! It was still fun!>
Minori: That means it's Haruka and Shizuku left! Drumroll, please!
Minori: Second place goes to... Shizuku!
Haruka: So...
Minori: That's right! You win the gold, Haruka!
Airi & Shizuku: Congratulations!
Comments: <Good job, birthday girl!> <Congrats, Haruka!> <You were picking up points left and right.>
Haruka: Thank you all so much!
Minori: And listen to this. Shizuku and Haruka's scores were so close that in the end, it came down to one snack!
Comments: <Wow, that is super close!> <Nice fight, Shizuku!> <That was so much fun!>
Shizuku: It's a shame I didn't win, but I had so much fun!
Shizuku: Here you go, Haruka. All the snacks that got confiscated are yours now♪
Haruka: Thanks! Though, do we have a bag big enough to carry all these?
Airi: Well, you can carry them home in your tummy. You could finish them off for sure, right?
Haruka: Haha, that's not a bad idea. But snacks are for after exercise.
Haruka: I'll move them to the practice room for later.
Haruka: For what, you might ask?
Comments: <Here we go!> <Showtime!> <The games were so fun I totally forgot!>
Haruka: Today, we're putting on a special show to thank you all for always supporting us.
Haruka: I hope you'll stay with us to the end.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000358/bg_s000358.webp)
An: Haruka! Happy birthday!
Kohane, Akito & Toya: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Akito: It's a weird feeling, knowing my whole team knows THE Haruka Kiritani.
An: Does it make it less weird knowing she's my best friend?
Toya: The friend of a friend is a friend, as they say.
Kohane: Yeah! Haruka, I hope we can keep getting to know each other. I'll see you at school, too.
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Haruka! Your special stream was so, so good!
Ena: Mizuki was all, “drop what you're doing and watch this!” and posted the link on Nightcord. It startled me.
Kanade: That was right when the show started. The songs were wonderful.
Ena: The dancing was cute too, and you all looked radiant. You'd make anyone's heart skip a beat like that.
Mizuki: Right♪ Now that's what an idol show is meant to be! I'll always be your fan!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Kiritani! Come on, everyone! Raise your voices in celebration!
Emu: Haruka! Happy birthdaaaaaay!
Nene: Careful, you're going to peak the recording!
Nene: Happy birthday, Kiritani. Um, this is just a voice recording, but Tsukasa and Emu are doing some kind of celebratory dance...
Tsukasa: Hup! Hah! Even if she can't see us, our passion for celebration will come through!
Emu: Yay! Happy birthday Haruka♪ Hey! Hoy!
Nene: That's an incredibly uncool dance, you two... Maybe it's better you can't see this.
Saki: Happy birthday, Haruka♪
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Happy birthday!
Ichika: Bands and idols are pretty different things, but it's still heartening knowing you're working as pros, the same as us.
Saki: Yeah♪ And that special stream was so much fun! I got goosebumps during your show!
Shiho: It was such a powerful performance that I totally forgot it was just your practice room.
Honami: It really was amazing. I wanted to leave a comment, but I was so taken I couldn't look away.
Saki: Me too! Same! I'll have to tell you everything I thought next time I see you at school!
Minori: Haruka! Happy birthday! Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy birthday!
Airi: How many “happy”s do you need?
Minori: Hehe. Since everyone else is recording too, I wanted to be sure my message was the happiest!
Minori: Actually, I haven't said it enough yet. Haruka, happy, happy, happy, happy—
Shizuku: Hehe. I won't fall behind, then. Haruka, happy, happy, happy, happy—
Airi: Hey, don't go along with it! Besides, you can just do this in person! Come on, let's go!
Minori & Shizuku: Okay!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Thank you for all the birthday wishes.
Haruka: Your support does reach me. It gives me strength every day.
Haruka: Even now, when I close my eyes, I can feel your warm wishes.
Haruka: This SEKAI is overflowing with feelings, after all.
Haruka: With these warm feelings supporting me, I promise to keep bringing you the courage to try your best, and to treasure every single day.
Haruka: Hehe. Haruka Kiritani, signing out♪ See you again!
(Black cut)
