1048_Haruka Kiritani_R3 Pouring My Heart In (event_151)

Gacha phrase: I'll help any way I can...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi)

[Shopping Mall]

Minori: Oh, Haruka, over here!
Haruka: Airi! Minori! Sorry, the train arrived a little late...
Airi: You're fine, you're right on time. We just got here a second ago ourselves.
Minori: Today, we're gonna whip up something that's nutritious, delicious and washes away any fatigue Shizuku's feeling!
Haruka: Hehe. Sounds good.
Haruka: (Shizuku's been practicing really late basically every day to make sure that her commercial turns out well...)
Haruka: (This is all I can really do for her right now, but I hope it helps.)
Airi: Anyway, shall we head over to the supermarket? We can decide what we're gonna make while we walk.
Haruka: We have a few candidates, but we still haven't been able to pick a winner.
Minori: Hmm... Is something hearty the answer? She's been working a lot on her physique, so I have to think that she's worked up a huge appetite.
Haruka: Yeah, she's going to need something nutritious to recharge. Apparently, if you exercise on low energy reserves, your body begins breaking down muscle for fuel.
Airi: But something light is also an option, right? We gave her something meat-based just the other day.
Haruka: True... Then, what if we went with several light options, which will allow her to freely adjust her portions?
Minori: Yeah, that sounds good!
Haruka: Also, fatigue makes you more susceptible to feeling under the weather, so we'll need to be sure to strike a good nutritional balance.
Minori: Right... It does become easier to catch a cold when your immune system is in a weakened state!
Airi: Alright, we're gonna make something that's both light and nutritious...
Airi: So, how about we use veggies packed with beta-carotene? They're also usually loaded with vitamins.
Haruka: Chicken breast is also a must. It's a nice, low-fat source of protein with the skin removed. Not only does it help you recover quickly, it's also great for your physique.
Minori: Oh, a low-calorie dish that's also really good for you is just what we're looking for this time around!
Haruka: Hehe. Exactly. Anyway, what else can we do...?
Minori: Hmm... Oh, I know! What if we included some of Shizuku's favorite foods as a way to help put her mind at ease?
Minori: Like... Tofu skin or udon!
Airi: Udon?! That's a full dish by itself...!
Haruka: But I like that idea. Not only should eating her favorite foods have a calming effect, they might also help her focus better during practices.
Haruka: Actually, question. Is there anything Shizuku really dislikes other than spicy foods?
Airi: As far as I know, not really.
Haruka: Then...
(Black cut)
Minori: Phew... We came up with a ton of ideas!
Airi: Veggies high in beta-carotene, chicken breast, tofu skin, cabbage, olive oil... And vinegar, right?
Haruka: Yeah, but it might be harder to pick a dish now.
Minori: Hmm... If only there were a way for us to cram all these things into a tidy package...
Airi: That'd be far too good to be true.
Haruka: A tidy package...
Haruka: There might actually be a way.
Minori & Airi: What?
Haruka: We could use all of the things we just listed to make tortilla wraps.
Minori: Tortilla wraps?
Airi: Tortillas? As in the kind you use to make tacos and stuff?
Haruka: Yeah, but I was thinking we could use corn instead of flour tortillas, since they're apparently full of minerals and fiber.
Haruka: Also, it'd make things pretty easy for her, since all she'd have to do is put on whatever she likes and wrap it.
Airi: Right... That'd give her a lot more freedom, and we'd be able to include all the ingredients we just listed.
Haruka: I just happened to come across it yesterday while searching for things we could make.
Haruka: I saw it on this site... This person made them look nice by wrapping them in fancy paper.
Airi: Yeah, these look like little bouquets.
Minori: Oh, what if we got some paper with a design that Shizuku would really like?!
Airi: Plus, we have a huge list of ingredients, so it should be fun to try different combinations!
Haruka: Both ideas sound good. So, why don't we spend today making Shizuku some wraps that we think she'd really like?
Minori & Airi: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Shizuku: Thank you all for agreeing to gather here today.
Airi: That's fine, but why did you ask to see us all of a sudden?
Shizuku: So, I wanted to thank all of you.
Minori: Thank us?
Shizuku: Yes. Remember how you all made those wraps for me while I was practicing for the commercial?
Shizuku: They were just what I needed to keep going when I was starting to feel the fatigue.
Shizuku: With every bite I took, your kindness allowed me to continue persevering.
Haruka: I see. Then, I'm glad we were able to help.
Airi: Yeah, coming up with them was definitely worth it now!
Saito: Wait, is it really okay for me to be here? Compared to them, I hardly did a thing...
Shizuku: Yes, because you're always providing me with so much support.
Shizuku: Would it be alright if I took this opportunity to show my appreciation for you?
Saito: Wh-What?!
Saito: A-Absolutely...!! I'm ready to take whatever it is you're going to throw at me...!
Shizuku: Wonderful...! Thank you, Saito!
Airi: So, what do you have in store for us exactly?
Shizuku: Hehe. I wanted to thank you all for making those wraps for me.
Shizuku: Though, I can't do anything too fancy, so I'm just going to make rice balls for all of you...
Shizuku: Ah, but I do have quite a lot of ingredients on hand, so I plan to make some omelets too!
Haruka: Hehe. Thanks, Shizuku. That should be plenty.
Minori: I can't wait to try your rice balls, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Thank you! I promise to make them with plenty of love, so if you'll give me just a moment...
Airi: Do you think she's gonna be okay on her own?
Haruka: She's made rice balls before, so she should be fine, right?
Airi: T-True... She's trying her best right now, so I guess we should believe in her and...
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): Eep...!
Airi: Sh-Shizuku?! What happened just now?!
Saito: That was really loud...!
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): Oh, umm... The sound the rice cooker made when I pressed the button was just so startling.
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): But everything's okay! I think I just pushed the button before it was ready.
Minori: O-Oh, okay... Then, I guess we have nothing to worry about!
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): Yes, and I'm sorry for causing you all so much concern. Please feel free to relax in the living room.
Haruka: O-Okay...
Saito: Is she really going to be okay...?
Airi: I just hope she's using the right amount of water. Also, does she know about its fast-cook feature...?
Haruka: It's going to take about an hour if she lets it cook normally, which I don't really mind, but...
Haruka: For now, let's keep believing in her.
Minori: R-Right!
Saito: But... I feel like we should be able to respond at a moment's notice.
(Black cut)
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): Let's see... The sugar for the eggs should be.. Oh, here it is.
Airi: I'm still worried... What if she dumps in all of it by accident?
Minori: Th-There's no need to fear! I'm sure she won't let her hand slip or anything...!
Saito: And if she does end up dumping in all the sugar, I'll happily eat whatever she ends up making...!
Haruka: Please don't, for your own sake...
(Black cut)
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): H-Hot!
Minori: ...!
Minori: Is she okay? Did she just burn herself...?!
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): It's only natural for freshly cooked rice to be this hot...
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): But I need to make these rice balls before it cools, since they'll taste better that way!
Haruka: You can do it, Shizuku...!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Thank you all for your patience...!
Minori: Shizuku...!
Shizuku: I apologize for taking up so much of your time. I regret not cooking the rice further in advance.
Haruka: No, that's okay.
Saito: After all, they say that hunger is the best seasoning!
Shizuku: Thank you very much.
Shizuku: Anyway, please have these while they're still hot.
Minori: Wow...! These look so yummy...!
Saito: Yes, and they smell delicious! My appetite's growing bigger by the second!
Airi: The rice even has a nice sheen to it!
Haruka: (Thank goodness. It looks like she used the right amount of water.)
Haruka: Then, without further ado, let's eat!
Minori, Airi & Saito: Let's eat!
Shizuku: Umm... How are they?
Haruka: ...!
Haruka: Delicious...!
Shizuku: R-Really?
Minori: Yeah! The rice is so fluffy, and you used just the right amount of salt! I could have these forever!
Airi: The omelets are also really fluffy! There's just the right amount of juiciness, so they go perfectly with the rice balls!
Saito: Yes... They're both amazing...! It's clear that you made these with great care... These rice balls will help me keep working by getting back up to full power!
Shizuku: Thank goodness...
Haruka: Hehe. I'm glad we kept believing in her.
Airi: Yeah!
Shizuku: Huh...?
Haruka: Oh, nothing. But these rice balls really are amazing.
Haruka: Thank you for making these for us, Shizuku.
Shizuku: ...! You're very welcome!
(Black cut)
