1057_Haruka Kiritani_R4 An Idol To Be Proud Of

Gacha phrase: I love idols too.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Haruka: Oh! MEIKO, KAITO, hello.
MEIKO (MMJ): Welcome, Haruka♪
KAITO (MMJ): You look like you're in a good mood. Did something nice happen?
Haruka: Yes, actually. We got a job request in for the first time in a while. It's just for a local radio station, though.
MEIKO (MMJ): Are you thinking you'll take it?
Haruka: Yes. We'll have a proper meeting with the client soon, so we'll respond officially then.
Haruka: It sounds like they reached out to us after seeing Shizuku's commercial, so I want to be sure to deliver what they're looking for.
MEIKO (MMJ): I hope this leads to a lot more work coming your way!
Haruka: Me too.
Haruka: I don't want to make my mom and dad worry, after all...
KAITO (MMJ): Your parents?
Haruka: Oh, I'm sorry.
Haruka: The thing is, whenever we appear on TV, I ask my parents to be sure to record it.
Haruka: With no requests coming in, I haven't had anything to ask them to record for us...
Haruka: They've noticed, of course, and they seem a little concerned.
Haruka: If I told them the truth, that we're not getting any work at all, I know they would be worried for us.
Haruka: So I've just said we're focusing on streaming and finding our future direction right now.
KAITO (MMJ): I see...
Haruka: (I haven't lied to my parents. Not really. We just wrapped up the “MORE MORE WEEK” plan of streaming every day for a week in a row, after all.)
Haruka: (But I can't play the current situation off forever.)
Haruka: (I just hope we get more offers in like this radio job, so I don't have to anymore...)
Haruka: Huh?
MEIKO (MMJ): That light just now... That looked like feeling sparks.
KAITO (MMJ): I think you're right about that. Look, see there...
MEIKO (MMJ): You're right. It must be a fragment of a feeling.
Haruka: This glass shard is a fragment of a feeling? But the one I saw before was round...
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, they're meant to be round. So this is more like a... A shard of a feeling, I suppose?
KAITO (MMJ): Still, something feels strange about this. Suddenly glowing like that... It's like it wanted us to find it.
Haruka: ...
Haruka: When you touch a fragment of a feeling, you can find out what emotion gave birth to it, right?
Haruka: If I touch it, maybe we'll learn more.
MEIKO (MMJ): You mean to enter its SEKAI, then?
Haruka: Yes. Like KAITO said, I feel like it's not a coincidence we found it...
MEIKO (MMJ): Okay then! In that case, we'll come with you♪
Haruka: MEIKO, KAITO, thank you both!
Haruka: Okay, here we go.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Haruka: So this is the SEKAI of that shard of a feeling?
MEIKO (MMJ): It's so misty, I can't see very much... But there's greenery here. It seems like a nice place.
KAITO (MMJ): Right. Hm?
MEIKO (MMJ): Aah! Th-There's someone there!
Haruka: ...!
KAITO (MMJ): Huh? This girl reminds me of Haruka...
Haruka: She's... Me, when I was little...?
Haruka? (Haruka): Good for you.
Haruka? (Haruka): You didn't make Mommy and Daddy sad this time.
Haruka: ...!
MEIKO (MMJ): Haruka?
Haruka? (Haruka): But we will make them sad again, for sure.
Haruka? (Haruka): As long as I'm an idol...
Haruka: That's not...
Haruka? (Haruka): If you really love Mommy and Daddy...
Haruka? (Haruka): Then you should quit being an idol forever.
Haruka: Wait!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Ah!
KAITO (MMJ): I-I can't see!
MEIKO (MMJ): Haruka?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO (MMJ): Thank goodness! Haruka, are you o...
KAITO (MMJ): Wait... Something feels different.
??? (Haruka): Where did she go? The little me...
??? (Haruka): Huh? Why am I over there?
MEIKO (MMJ): Wait, are you Haruka?!
Haruka: Yes, that's right...
KAITO & MEIKO: Haruka and Haruka swapped bodies?!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, MEIKO, KAITO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Haruka: I've gotten smaller?
Haruka: It's true... It feels like you two are so big now.
Haruka: Wait— Aah!
KAITO (MMJ): Whoa! Are you okay, Haruka?!
Haruka: Yes... I just tripped.
Haruka: What's going on here? How did she and I switch bodies?
MEIKO (MMJ): This is a SEKAI, after all. It makes sense that strange things could happen here.
MEIKO (MMJ): Still...
MEIKO (MMJ): You're soooo cute!
Haruka: Ah! M-MEIKO?!
KAITO (MMJ): Hey, that's not fair... I mean! MEIKO, now is hardly the time for that!
MEIKO (MMJ): I can't help it! She's just so adorable♪ Look how squishy her cheeks are!
Haruka: Hee... Hehe...! MEIKO, that tickles.
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, there's a cute smile♪
MEIKO (MMJ): Now this feels more like the Haruka we know. Up until now, your expression has been rather stiff.
Haruka: Right... I wasn't very good at smiling when I was young.
Haruka: I remember my parents looking sad and my mom saying, “If only it were easier to make you smile, Haruka.”
KAITO (MMJ): Looking sad...
MEIKO (MMJ): The other Haruka said something like that, too. Is there some connection?
Haruka: I don't know, but...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Haruka? (Haruka): But we will make them sad again, for sure.
Haruka? (Haruka): As long as I'm an idol...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Haruka: Ever since I became an idol, I've made my parents sad countless times.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haruka: When I first debuted, people online criticized me for not smiling enough, for being a terrible dancer, for using connections to get where I was...
Haruka: My mother found me crying in my room...
Haruka: She looked like she was in so much pain, because of me.
Haruka: Even after I became ASRUN's leader, people mostly just compared me with the previous leader.
Haruka: By then, I had stopped caring about what they had to say about me, but I think it never stopped eating at my parents.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: Then, Mai got injured... When I couldn't bear standing on stage anymore...
Haruka: My parents took time off work to spend time with me, helped me look for doctors, and gave me lots of support. But...
Haruka: In the end, I gave up on being an idol.
Haruka: When I said I wanted to quit... My mother cried.
Haruka: She didn't say anything. She just hugged me, tears streaming down her face...
Haruka: But I couldn't find any words to thank her. I really do feel like I was a terrible daughter.
Haruka: And then after all that, saying I wanted to be an idol again... How selfish could I be?
Haruka: But my parents just said I could do whatever I wanted to do...
KAITO (MMJ): They sound like wonderful parents.
Haruka: I don't want to cause them any worry.
Haruka: I don't want them to be sad because of me anymore.
Haruka: But that...
??? (Haruka): That's impossible, so long as you're an idol.
Haruka: ...!
Haruka? (Haruka): I need you to grasp your own position here, so it's about time we compare answers.
MEIKO (MMJ): Answers?
Haruka? (Haruka): Yes. Whose emotions this SEKAI was born from, and what kind of emotions they are.
Another Haruka (Haruka): This is my and your... Our SEKAI.
Another Haruka (Haruka): It was born from the feeling we've been holding on to since we were very small. “I don't want them to be sad because of me.”
Haruka: ...
Another Haruka (Haruka): I can tell you have somewhat figured that out.
Another Haruka (Haruka): So you should also understand what needs to happen to turn that feeling into reality.
Haruka: ...
Haruka: (I do understand.)
Haruka: (Ever since I became an idol, any time anything happens, my parents worry for me.)
Haruka: (They've been my strongest supporters, but I've made them sad so many times, and I feel terrible about it.)
Haruka: (I've wondered sometimes, if I hadn't become an idol and lived an ordinary life, could I have been a better daughter to them?)
Haruka: (But...)
Haruka: (But, I...)
Haruka: Oh...
Haruka: MEIKO, KAITO...
MEIKO (MMJ): You have your answer, don't you? But you're not sure if it's the right one?
KAITO (MMJ): It's okay. Just say how you feel, Haruka.
KAITO (MMJ): The one you're talking to is yourself, no one else. You don't have to lie to yourself.
Haruka: ...!
Haruka: I...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haruka: That day, on that stage, I learned that I could make people smile.
Haruka: Me, the little girl who could only make her parents worried...
Haruka: As an idol, I could put a smile on everyone's face.
Haruka: So...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Haruka: I won't quit.
Haruka: I will remain an idol.
MEIKO (MMJ): Haruka!
Haruka: Since you're me, I'm sure I don't need to tell you.
Haruka: But I treasure the idols who gave me my smile.
Haruka: I am grateful for the idols who taught me I could share that smile with someone else.
Haruka: The idols who give their fans courage to stand up and face another day...
Haruka: I cherish them with all my heart.
Another Haruka (Haruka): ...
Another Haruka (Haruka): Even though being an idol makes your parents sad?
Haruka: That's not right. It's just that I still have a lot to work on.
Haruka: Someday, I'll definitely become an idol my parents can be proud of.
Another Haruka (Haruka): I see.
Another Haruka (Haruka): I knew, deep down. That was how I'd answer.
Another Haruka (Haruka): I feel the same...
(White cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO (MMJ): Phew... It looks like we made it back safely.
KAITO (MMJ): Yes. Haruka, are you okay?
Haruka: Yes, thank you.
Haruka: It was a bit of a shock, though. Learning that those feelings of mine... Had a SEKAI of their own.
MEIKO (MMJ): Maybe it was our SEKAI's way of giving you a chance to face your feelings head-on♪
KAITO (MMJ): And at the very end, when the mist cleared, that SEKAI was truly beautiful.
KAITO (MMJ): It had all those photos of you beaming!
Haruka: That's true.
Haruka: (An idol my parents can be proud of.)
Haruka: (It's a promise, and I intend to keep it.)
(Black cut)
