1108_Haruka Kiritani_R2 MORE MORE HOUSE Surprise (event_156)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Sewing Lounge]

Haruka: I didn't realize they had so many penguin designs.
Shizuku: Yes, some have penguins facing forward and some have them facing to the side, while others are just their faces.
Shizuku: But there's no need to worry. You can make all of these using outline stitches.
Haruka: Really? Still, there's so many. I don't know which to choose.
Shizuku: Hehe. It's okay to take your time.
Haruka: Alright, thanks...!
Haruka: (This penguin that's facing forward has such an adorably round figure to it...)
Haruka: (But this other one facing sideways looks so cute and fluffy too...)
Haruka: (And this one's on its stomach. It must be sliding across the ice...)
Haruka: (Which do I choose? They're all so cute...)
Mafuyu: You must love penguins quite a lot, Kiritani.
Haruka: Huh...?
Mizuki: Yeah, Haruka, your eyes are twinkling like crazy!
Haruka: I-Is it that obvious...?
Haruka: But you're right. I do love penguins a lot.
Haruka: I find their round figures very comforting for some reason. And the way they waddle is just too cute, and they swim so gracefully too...
Shizuku: You should see all the penguin merchandise she owns. She loves them just that much.
Mafuyu: Penguin merchandise? That's amazing.
Mizuki: I totally know that feeling! I like collecting merch from my favorite anime.
Haruka: Yeah, I want to buy any that I come across.
Haruka: Oh, penguin merch is one thing...
Haruka: But I also have a habit of buying any Phenny merch that I come across, because he looks like a penguin too. You should see how much stuff I have at home.
Mafuyu: I see why you're having trouble choosing a design, when you love them so much.
Shizuku: Yes, I think anyone would have trouble choosing just one of their most favorite things.
Haruka: Yeah, but I have to make a choice... Otherwise, I'll never start the actual embroidery.
Haruka: (They're all really cute...)
Haruka: (But if I choose a really complicated design to start with, then I might not be able to achieve a satisfactory result.)
Haruka: (I want to make them look as good as possible, so it might be best to start with a simple design and get used to embroidering them from there.)
Haruka: (Which means... My adorably chubby friend here is probably the answer.)
Haruka: I've made my choice, Shizuku. I'm going with this one.
Shizuku: Hehe. This penguin looks so huggably soft.
Shizuku: Then, I'll show you how to transfer this design to your fabric. First, we'll use a sheet of tracing paper...
(Black cut)
Haruka: (My penguin's really starting to come together.)
Haruka: (I can't help but smile after seeing my progress...)
Haruka: (I need to keep doing my best, so it turns out really cute...!)
Mizuki: Haruka looks like she's having a lot of fun.
Mafuyu: Yes, I definitely wasn't expecting to see Kiritani in this sort of light.
Mizuki: Yeah, it is sorta hard to believe that an A-list idol like Haruka loves penguins this much.
Shizuku: But getting excited about your favorite thing is perfectly understandable.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Haruka: Everybody ready?
Minori: Yeah, ready!
Airi: Ready whenever.
Shizuku: She should be here very soon...
Saito: I'm sorry for being so late! My previous appointment dragged on a bit and...
Saito: H-Huh? Is nobody here?
Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Happy Valentine's Day, Saito!
Saito: Wh-Wh-What?!
Minori: Yes! Our surprise went off without a hitch!
Saito: Umm... I-I'm sorry, but I still don't really know what's going on here...
Haruka: Today's Valentine's Day.
Haruka: It's all about showing your appreciation for others, so we want you to know just how grateful we are to you, Saito.
Airi: Naturally, we've even prepared gifts.
Saito: What...?! Gifts...?! F-For me? Are you sure?
Minori: Of course! They're for you to have!
Saito: Th-Thank you...!
Saito: Oh, chocolates...!
Minori: These spoon chocolates are from me. I even wrote a message using them to show just how much we appreciate you!
Saito: Wow, they all have letters on them! And they spell out, “THANK YOU”.
Saito: And I love how sparkly the decorations around the letters are. I think they're very cute.
Airi: I have tea leaves for you.
Airi: They're chamomile and Earl Grey, which are supposed to be very relaxing.
Airi: I know work can get tough sometimes, so I hope this tea helps you take your mind off things.
Saito: Thank you very much. I'll use this tea to keep doing my best for all of you...!
Shizuku: Okay, I'll go next. I have a book cover for you.
Saito: Wow... Oh, is this embroidered?
Saito: There's a big tree... With very carefully decorated leaves. It's beautiful.
Shizuku: I went with a big tree because of how you support us and help keep us all standing.
Saito: Wait, Shizuku... Does that mean you embroidered this yourself?
Shizuku: Yes, I did. I wanted you to know just how much you mean to us.
Saito: Wh-What...?! Y-You made this just for me?! I don't know what to say! Thank you so much!
Haruka: Last but not least, my gift.
Haruka: Mine probably didn't turn out quite as well since it was my first time trying this... But I embroidered a pen case for you.
Saito: Wait, Haruka, you too? Did you embroider these flowers?
Haruka: Yes, they're violets. They're meant to symbolize just how much we need you.
Saito: What?! Th-That's so beautiful! And you're selling yourself short...! I think these are very cute!
Haruka: Hehe. I'm glad that you like my gift.
Haruka: But we really can't thank you enough, Saito.
Haruka: I mean, you agreed to become our manager despite us not belonging to an agency.
Haruka: We're able to do what we do because of you, Saito. So, we'll be counting on you moving forward.
Saito: Haruka...
Saito: Thank you all so very much for your wonderful gifts! I'm going to make these my new family heirlooms...!
Minori: H-Heirlooms?!
Airi: Hehe. I'm not sure tea and chocolates work well as heirlooms.
Saito: I can't believe this is really happening. I must be dreaming...
Saito: Oh, I need to call my mom! Would you all mind if I did that right now?!
Shizuku: Hehe. You're acting just like Minori after Haruka winked at her during a concert.
Airi: Why do you feel like calling your mom all of a sudden?
Minori: To say, “Thank you for bringing me into this world!” Because Saito wouldn't be here to enjoy this day if she hadn't!
Haruka: Minori with her deep understanding of fans strikes again.
Haruka: Still, I'm glad she likes our gifts so much.
Haruka: Again, Saito, we look forward to our continued partnership.
Airi, Shizuku & Minori: We look forward to our continued partnership!
Saito: O-Of course! Thank you all very much!
(Black cut)
