1177_Haruka Kiritani_R3 Producer Studies (event_168)

Gacha phrase: I need to keep learning.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

[Haruka's Room]

Haruka: Let's see... Channel analytics should be in... This tab.
Haruka: Good, we're gradually receiving more viewers. We seem to be reaching a new demographic, which...
???: <Haruka!>
Haruka: Is something wrong, Miku?
Miku (MMJ): <No, I came over because I heard you were working on stream ideas. Can I watch what you're doing?>
Haruka: Sure. I was actually just going through the analytics data for our channel.
Miku (MMJ): <Analytics data?>
Haruka: Yeah. For example...
Haruka: I'm currently looking at the data for the archived stream we did the other day...
Haruka: Here's the total view count, and this tells you at what times people are watching. It even shows viewer demographics.
Miku (MMJ): <Wow, that's incredible...! So, you use this data to come up with your next ideas?>
Haruka: Yes. For our next stream, I'd like to do something that's geared towards new viewers...
Haruka: My plan for the near term is to keep an eye on the data regarding those people.
Miku (MMJ): <I see...>
Miku (MMJ): <Hey, can I help you analyze this data...?>
Haruka: Oh, are you sure?
Miku (MMJ): <Yes! After hearing you explain everything, Haruka, I feel like trying my hand at it.>
Haruka: Thank you. I really appreciate it, since a fresh set of eyes might see something I don't.
Haruka: So, let's start by looking at the new age groups we've been reaching. We'll compare against the ages of the people who watched our old videos, and...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Haruka: Alright, let's get today's meeting started.
Haruka: I'd like to begin by discussing our next stream, so if you all don't mind taking a look at my proposal.
Minori: “Easy listening for our viewers. Chill Radio brought to you by MORE MORE JUMP!”...?
Haruka: *Nod* The plan is to put on a more relaxing radio program in order to give our listeners a chance to unwind for the day.
Airi: Oh, we've never done anything like this.
Airi: But where'd this “Chill Radio” idea come from?
Haruka: Before coming up with this idea, I went through the data for our archived streams in order to identify the demographics of our viewers...
Haruka: We seem to be drawing a lot more people in their thirties than before. Not only that, they tend to watch our videos pretty late in the evening.
Shizuku: Oh, that's interesting. Does that mean they're watching our videos before they go to bed...?
Haruka: I thought the same thing.
Haruka: Which is why I thought we could do something that people watching late at night would enjoy. That's where a chill radio program comes in.
Haruka: As for what we'd actually talk about on it, I'd like for us to discuss that now. Would that be alright...?
Shizuku: Yes, I think it's a wonderful idea. Putting on a different radio program compared to normal does seem like a good way to show a new side of ourselves.
Minori: I agree! I also like to unwind while listening to late-night radio programs, so I'd love to do one myself!
Airi: I'm also in, since this idea seems to have the best of both worlds. It'll be fun for our existing fans and meets the needs of a key demographic.
Haruka: Thanks. In that case, let's continue planning this out.
Airi: Okay! Still, this is a great idea. Nice work, Haruka.
Haruka: The thing is, Miku and I came up with this idea together.
Minori: Wait, really?!
Haruka: Yeah. She actually came up with all these different ideas that I never would've, so her help ended up being enormous.
Shizuku: Then, since you and Miku worked so hard to come up with this idea, we need to do our best to turn it into a good stream.
Airi: Yeah, so let's start by discussing what we're gonna talk about during it.
Haruka: (I'm glad they like this “Chill Radio” idea. I really need to thank Miku again later.)
Haruka: (But we're about to discuss the meat of this proposal...)
Haruka: (In order to get more people to come back and watch more of our streams...)
Haruka: (We need to make sure our radio program is a good one.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Minori: I'm glad we were able to find a cute tablecloth!
Shizuku: Me too. I'm looking forward to using it during our next tea party stream.
Haruka: We were also able to buy snacks to introduce during it, so that means we got everything we wanted to pick out, right...?
Minori: Yeah, we're all set!
Airi: In that case, we'll break off here like we discussed. Remember to meet back up at the MORE MORE HOUSE an hour before our stream, okay?
Haruka, Shizuku & Minori: Okay. Okay!
Shizuku: Minori and I will be buying essentials for the MORE MORE HOUSE, so let us know if you'd like us to get anything.
Airi: Thanks. I'll be over at the CD shop gathering information on all the idols participating in the Lumina Grand Prix.
Airi: You're headed over to the library, right, Haruka?
Haruka: Yeah, I'm hoping to find books on management techniques and being a producer.
Haruka: Going through their online catalog, I found that they carry a lot of books that aren't sold in stores.
Haruka: I'll also be keeping an eye out for any that may help us with our training and practices.
Shizuku: That sounds like quite a lot... Thank you for being so diligent.
Airi: Anyway, let's meet back up in a bit.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Haruka: I'm glad I was able to borrow these books. But it doesn't look like the others are back yet...
Haruka: I'll take this opportunity to flip through some of them.
Haruka: (But which one do I read first? I borrowed so many that I'm not sure...)
Haruka: (Oh, how about this one? It's by the producer who created Afternoon Girls...)
Haruka: (I should be able to learn a lot since it discusses the fundamentals of being a producer, as well as how to apply those skills.)
Haruka: (And this one is a beginner's guide to managing talent. While this one is a business book centered around marketing...)
Haruka: (“Exercise Encyclopedia: How To Achieve The Perfect Body” seems worthy of its title. It had a lot of exercises that I'd never heard of before.)
Haruka: (MEIKO's also going to be interested in this one, so we could look through it and come up with new workouts together sometime.)
Haruka: (Oh, and then there's...)
Haruka: (“The World's Top 100 Baby Penguins”... I'll read this during my next break.)
Haruka: Anyway, I'll start with that beginner's guide...
Haruka: ...
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Minori: We're back!
Haruka: Oh, welcome back. Thanks for getting those things for us.
Shizuku: Hehe. Shopping with Minori was so much fun.
Shizuku: Where's Airi? Is she not back yet...?
Haruka: No, she might not be back for a bit. She did say she'd be visiting several shops.
Minori: Right. Then, let's start putting away the cleaning supplies and stuff while we wait.
Shizuku: Okay. We can also start preparing for our stream at the same time.
Haruka: Oh, in that case, I'll...
Minori: No, it's okay! You want to use this time to learn more about being a producer, right?
Shizuku: We don't have to prepare much, so you can leave it to us.
Haruka: Thanks. Then, I'll keep reading.
Shizuku: I'll go over and start getting the streaming room ready, Minori.
Minori: Okay! I'll be right over once I finish refilling everything!
Minori: Let's see... Here are the replacement dusters... And here are the wet wipes...
Minori: Oh...
Haruka: ...
Haruka: Hm? Minori? Is something wrong...?
Minori: Huh? U-Uhh...!
Minori: I couldn't help but watch you as you read that book. The way you're focusing is just so picturesque...
Haruka: Huh...?
Minori: Alright, now that your energy has recharged my battery, Haruka, I'm gonna put everything away and get ready for our stream! Whoo!
Haruka: (I'm not sure what she meant by that, but I guess I'm glad she's more motivated now...?)
(Black cut)
