1208_Haruka Kiritani_R4 Fantastic Training Room! (event_174)

Skill name: Producer & Interior Designer!
Gacha phrase: They have state-of-the-art cardio machines!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[The Lumina Forum - Bedroom]

Haruka: Alright, let's take what we discussed today and do our best again tomorrow.
Airi: Yeah. Thanks again for sticking around so late for us!
MEIKO (MMJ): <You're welcome.>
KAITO (MMJ): <I'm sure your first day of shooting was very taxing, so please get plenty of rest.>
Minori: *Yawn* I feel exhausted after using my head so much.
Airi: Me too. But that allowed us to have a productive debrief.
Shizuku: Anyway, shall we start getting ready for bed?
Haruka: Oh, wait, before we do—
Haruka: There's something I want to do first. Would that be okay?
Minori: Oh, we gotta call our moms! I'm sure they're wondering how we're doing!
Haruka: Hehe. We're going to be here for a while, so it'll be important to reassure them.
Haruka: But I was actually referring to us getting our room all straightened out.
Shizuku: Our room...?
Haruka: This is going to be our base of operations starting today, so I think we should come up with a good organization scheme.
Shizuku: Come to think of it, all our things are still in our bags.
Airi: I agree that we should get organized sooner rather than later, since things are bound to get busy.
Minori: Then, let's do that today!
Haruka: Thank you all for understanding.
Haruka: We're allowed to use this chest of drawers however we like, so why don't we decide what to fill them with?
Haruka: We can put our uniforms and stage outfits in the closet, and the rest of our clothes can go in the chest.
Haruka: I'm seeing four drawers, so that means we each get one.
Shizuku: What should we do with our streaming equipment?
Haruka: Good question...
Haruka: Why don't we put it in the empty space over there? We could also place this table nearby to make a video-editing station.
Haruka: Then, we could create a relaxation area by bringing this sofa over here.
Minori: Wow, I can already tell our base is gonna look really nice!
Shizuku: You're such a talented interior designer, Haruka. Your producer skills shine through.
Haruka: This is really nothing special.
Haruka: But I do want to set things up so we can perform well, since this next month is going to be important for us.
Haruka: Anyway, we still need to decide...
Haruka: Ah, that's right. Who's going to sleep in which bed.
Airi: We have two bunk beds. Shizuku and I will take this one.
Haruka: Alright, Minori and I will use this one.
Haruka: Which would you like, Minori? Top or bottom bunk?
Minori: Huh? Umm...
Minori: I wouldn't dream of putting myself above you, Haruka, but I also don't want to make you have to climb up and down each time...
Minori: Wh-What do I do?! I can't decide!
Haruka: You don't have to think so hard about this.
Shizuku: Hehe. It's clearly a very important decision to her.
Airi: Then, why don't we do this? Shizuku and I will take the top bunks, while you two take the bottom ones.
Airi: That'd solve all your problems, right, Minori?
Minori: Y-Yeah...
Minori: *Gasp* Wait, doesn't that mean I'll be sleeping next to Haruka...?!
Minori: Knowing that is gonna make me so anxious!
Haruka: Hehe. Then, that's it for the beds. Why don't we take a look at the bathroom next?
(Black cut)

[One hour later]

Haruka: Phew... That should do it.
Minori: Yeah, the second MORE MORE HOUSE, AKA “The Grand Prix Branch”, is open for business...!
Shizuku: From this new base, let's keep making progress towards our dream.
Minori: Yeah! Lots of progress!
Airi: But not to the point where you burn out.
Minori: Oh, right...
Shizuku: But I understand exactly how you feel, Minori.
Shizuku: I got a clear sense today of just how serious the other groups are about this grand prix.
Airi: I knew that all of them would be fully committed to this, but actually seeing them really put my head in the game.
Haruka: Yeah, but we're just as driven as they are.
Haruka: So, let's make sure we get through the prelim stage and advance to the final stage...!
Minori, Shizuku & Airi: Yeah! Yes!
Haruka: Anyway, let's get that sleep now.
Haruka: Good night, everyone. I hope you all sleep tight.
Minori, Shizuku & Airi: Good night.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani)

[The Lumina Forum - Rehearsal Room]

Haruka: Pardon us.
Minori: Oh, the training room's open...!
Haruka: I'm glad we came early. This means we should be able to exercise as much as we want.
Minori: We came at a good time! You've been saying how you've been wanting to try all those different machines.
Haruka: Yeah. On the other hand, I didn't realize you were also interested in them, Minori.
Minori: That's because of how your eyes sparkled like crazy.
Minori: I can't help but be curious since they must be super amazing!
Haruka: Hehe. I mean, they have so many state-of-the-art machines that I've never used before.
Haruka: So, let's get started.
Comments: <Oh, it's Haruka!> <And Minori's with her!> <Are they here to train?>
Minori: Oh, Haruka, wait! I think we're on camera right now.
Haruka: You're right. Good morning, everyone.
Comments: <Do we get to see you train, Haruka?> <You were so excited about these machines the other day lol.> <Got any exercises you recommend?!>
Haruka: Exercises that I recommend...?
Minori: Oh, I was actually just about to have her show me!
Haruka: Yeah, since we're all here, I'll do my best to commentate while we work out.
Comments: <Yes!> <It's a training stream now!> <I'm ready to learn, Ms. Haruka, lol!>
Haruka: Hehe. I promise to make things easy to understand.
(Black cut)
Haruka: Alright, let's start by warming up on the treadmill.
Minori: Is this a newer machine too?
Haruka: Yeah, the running belt is made of this high-tech material that's supposed to be more comfortable to run on.
Haruka: First, we'll use these for ten minutes to get our blood pumping.
Minori: Okay, I'll try my best!
Haruka: Alright, I'll lead by explaining what a good running form is. Feel free to give it a try when you can, everyone.
(Black cut)
Haruka: Next, we'll do chest presses.
Haruka: Not only does this exercise help build your chest muscles, it's also a great way to tone your upper arms.
Haruka: First, you need to find the right height setting for yourself. Oh wow... It's so easy to adjust the seat!
Comments: <She looks like she's having so much fun.> <Look at the way her eyes are sparkling lol.>
Haruka: Oh, sorry about that... I should keep explaining how to use this.
Minori: I get the feeling that you need a lot of strength to use this machine. Do you think I'll be able to use it properly?
Haruka: With the right weight setting, you'll be fine. Take a look at these numbers back here. Whenever you want to change...
(Black cut)
Haruka: Maintaining proper form is also key when you're on a stationary bike.
Haruka: Keep your back straight and your hips steady, ideally while engaging your core.
Haruka: When you're pedaling, try to be aware of what your glutes and hip joints are doing instead of just focusing on your leg muscles.
Minori: Huff... Huff... Okay!
Comments: <She's talking so much while working out...> <She's been talking for like twenty minutes now, right?> <I can't believe she can chat while doing something so strenuous.>
Minori: Y-You really are amazing, Haruka...
(Black cut)
Haruka: I believe we've had a chance to try everything now.
Minori: Huff... Huff... I-I'm exhausted...
Haruka: Oh, sorry... Did I go a little overboard?
Comments: <You're so awesome, Haruka.> <After all that, she seems totally fine.> <So the rumors were true? She's basically a professional athlete...?>
Haruka: If you stick with it every day, you'll all be able to do this in no time.
Haruka: I hope you all get a chance to do the exercises we introduced today that don't involve any machines.
Haruka: I know it's hard to stick to a workout routine, so let's keep trying together.
Minori: I-I'll do my best.
Haruka: Still, I was impressed by every machine. They were all so well designed and easy to use...
Haruka: Since I'm here, I might try setting the treadmill to hard mode.
Minori: Wait, you're gonna keep going?!
(Black cut)
