1219_Haruka Kiritani_R4 Brought Together (event_176)

Skill name: Supporting Each Other
Gacha phrase: Then, let's do our best together.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[The Lumina Forum - Meeting Room]

Haruka: Alright, let's get it started! “Let's Put Our Heads Together! The MORE MORE Brainstorming Meeting!”
Minori: Yay!
Comments: <Woohoo!> <Haruka's so cute!> <I'm gonna do my best!>
Airi: As the title suggests, this meeting is about us coming up with segment ideas together!
Minori: We usually come up with them together... But since we have access to this gorgeous meeting room, we thought that it'd be fun to brainstorm with you guys.
Shizuku: Yes, so we hope you'll lend us some of your strength. Please feel free to post all of your ideas in the comments.
Comments: <MMJ's in for a consult!> <What about wake-up pranks?> <How about a karaoke stream?>
Comments: <Variety stuff's fine and all, but I wanna see a show.> <A show would be awesome!> <I vote for a show stream.>
Airi: I'm seeing a lot of different ideas... But I think the comments saying that we should do a show have a majority.
Haruka: Yeah, we have been doing a lot of streams tied to the Lumina Grand Prix lately...
Haruka: So, why don't we start working on a show stream?
Minori: Okay!
Comments: <A show stream?! You mean it?!> <Yes!> <I can't wait!>
Shizuku: Oh, since everyone's joining us this time, why don't we come up with what we should do during it?
Airi: Good call. Let us know if you have any requests, everyone.
Comments: <I wanna see Haruka do a cool dance!> <Can you perform that song from your solo show?> <A ballad by the lovely Shizuku.>
Comments: <Please do a cover of a Miku song!> <Sing one of your classic songs, Airi!> <Do the dance for “Can't Fall In Love”, Minori!>
Minori: Wow, thanks for all the suggestions, you guys!
Airi: But they're all pretty split...
Shizuku: Yes, they are... Doing everything wouldn't be very practical, would it?
Haruka: Hmm... But if there are this many different requests...
Haruka: Why don't we do a solo medley? We could each sing a different chorus.
Airi: Hey, that's a great idea! A solo medley sounds really fun.
Comments: <A solo medley?!> <I wanna see that!> <You're a genius, Haruka!>
Shizuku: Hehe. It sounds like they all want to see us do that.
Minori: So do I! I can't wait to see you all do your solos!
Airi: Hey, you're also a part of this.
Haruka: So it's settled then. We'll be doing a show that includes a solo medley.
Airi: Yeah! Let's all do our best!
Airi: By the way, for my solo, I'm gonna be singing one of my classics as requested.
Minori: Oh, that's great! What about you, Haruka?
Haruka: Well... I was also thinking about going with something cool like they requested...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): I see. And that's why you all decided to do a show!
Haruka: *Nod* But it's only going to be a thirty-minute mini-concert since we'll be doing it from the Lumina Forum rehearsal room.
Haruka: Regardless, we plan on making it as fun as we can.
MEIKO (MMJ): That's wonderful. I think we're all looking forward to seeing how it turns out!
Haruka: That being said, we still don't actually know what we're going to do yet.
Miku (MMJ): Really? If that's the case, then would you like to brainstorm together?
MEIKO (MMJ): Three heads are better than one, no?
Haruka: Thanks, I really appreciate it...!
Haruka: Then, let's start with the set list. For this one, we're thinking about including a solo medley with all four of us.
(Black cut)
Haruka: We're probably going to have only enough time to sing three non-solo songs. But we're worried that some people will want more.
Miku (MMJ): Hmm... Oh, what if ensemble songs were also medleys? That way, everyone would get to hear more songs, no?
Haruka: I see... That is a good idea. It'd also allow us to do some of the other requests we received.
(Black cut)
Haruka: Our set list is coming together nicely, so let's start thinking about effects next.
Haruka: We may be performing in the rehearsal room, but I want to make it as interesting a stage as possible.
MEIKO (MMJ): Then, what if you all decorated the room yourselves? Just having a few heart-shaped balloons floating around can change things quite a bit.
Haruka: I like it. We could even use them as props, so it'd be nice to try a dance that includes balloons.
(Black cut)
Haruka: Thank you two so much for helping me with this. I have a much better idea of what we're going to do now.
Miku (MMJ): You're welcome♪ We're also glad that we were able to help.
MEIKO (MMJ): We're really looking forward to your mini-concert. We'll be watching in secret when it happens.
Haruka: Okay, we absolutely promise to make it a good one.
Haruka: (It's starting to get off the ground thanks to Miku and MEIKO.)
Haruka: (But there's plenty of room left for improvement, and we still need to practice for it.)
Haruka: (We need to do our best to make everyone happy.)
Haruka: (And do what we can to spread hope to as many people as we can.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[The Lumina Forum - Rehearsal Room]

Haruka: 98... 99... 100.
Haruka: (Phew... I'm in good form today. I even finished earlier than usual.)
Haruka: (Alright, I'll take a shower... And then I'll check through all the comments before lunch.)
Minori's Voice (Minori): Anyway, one more!
Haruka: Hm?
Minori: I need to use my hips more for this dance. One, two, three, four! Five, six, seven, eight!
Haruka: (Minori's so focused...)
Haruka: (And her dancing's improved since the other day. The more complex steps look smoother, and she seems much steadier...)
Haruka: (I need to learn from her example.)
Haruka: (I still have time, so I should keep going for a bit longer. I'll do another set...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One hour later]

[Cafeteria]

Haruka: (The archived recording of that planning meeting we streamed the other day should be... Here it is.)
Haruka: (Oh, people posted a lot of requests in the comments.)
Haruka: (Let's see... A quiz tournament, wake-up pranks, “Appealing Talk Show feat. MMJ”...)
Haruka: (I'm seeing a lot of fun-sounding ideas. But we probably won't be able to do them all...)
Airi: Oh, Haruka, are you working on something?
Haruka: Hi, Airi. I was just looking at the comments on that stream we did. People sent in a lot of fun ideas.
Airi: I saw them too. You had everything from suggestions about singing to ideas straight out of a variety show.
Haruka: Yeah. I'd like to try making use of some of these ideas for our next segment.
Haruka: We did that show stream the other day, so I think we could try something with more of a variety vibe...
Airi: Yeah, a lot of people did ask us to do a talk show of some sort.
Airi: Oh, what if we did this?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Bedroom]

Airi: I tried coming up with some ideas, Haruka. “MMJ Relatable Moments Championship” is the segment we talked about in the cafeteria.
Haruka: Wow, you came up with so many... Thanks, Airi. You really are amazing.
Airi: Variety shows are my wheelhouse after all. Want me to keep going until I have a finalized segment?
Haruka: You'd do that? Then, if you don't mind... Oh, but feel free to ask me for help if you get stuck.
Airi: Thanks! Let's make it a good one!
Minori: Lastly, I need to make sure that my hips don't cause my weight to shift around too much.
Minori: Okay, I'm done reflecting in my notebook for today!
Shizuku: Nice work, Minori. Would you all like to take a break now? I just made some herbal tea.
Airi: Thanks, Shizuku. That sounds lovely.
Shizuku: Here's your cup, Haruka.
Haruka: Thanks.
Haruka: It's sweet and has a nice aroma to it. It's so soothing...
Shizuku: I'm glad to hear that. You've all been working very hard today, so I tried going for something that would help you all relax.
Haruka: (She's always looking out for us.)
Haruka: (I can't remember how many times I've been saved by Shizuku's kindness...)
Haruka: (Minori motivates me to keep trying harder no matter what.)
Haruka: (And Airi's incredibly dependable. She's always there to lend a hand when I need it.)
Haruka: (I'm so glad that the four of us get to work together like this.)
Haruka: Um, Minori, Airi, Shizuku? Thanks for always being such amazing people.
Airi: What's gotten into you all of a sudden?
Haruka: I guess I just felt compelled to say that.
Haruka: Because you're the reasons why I'm here right now.
Minori: Haruka...
Minori: Hehe! Thank you as well!
Shizuku: Yes, you're always doing a wonderful job of pulling us in the right direction.
Airi: So, let's keep doing our best together. The four of us will keep supporting each other through thick and thin.
Haruka: *Nod*
(Black cut)
