1256_Haruka Kiritani_R4 Fired Up In The Wings (event_181)

Skill name: Island Getaway
Gacha phrase: We aren't letting you hog all the glory.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Island Forest Trail]

Haruka: Phew... It feels a little cooler in the forest.
An: Yeah. I don't want to leave the shade now.
Emu: Huh?! We're not alone!
Mizuki: It's probably one of the rabbits living on the island, right?
Saki: Oh, I can see its ears...!
Haruka: Yeah, it's coming out of the bushes...! It's so cute.
Haruka: Hehe. I didn't realize they'd come this close to us.
Haruka: (When's the last time I was able to relax like this?)
Haruka: (We've been so focused on the Lumina Grand Prix lately...)
An: Everything okay, Haruka? Is something on your mind?
Haruka: Oh, no...
Haruka: It's just been so long since I was able to relax like this. My hope is that we all get to have fun together...
An: Haha. I feel the same way! We gotta have as much fun as we can while we're on this island!
Haruka: Yeah, let's do just that.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saki: We got the stamp from the harbor, but there's somewhere I wanna go before we head to our next stop...!
Haruka: Somewhere you want to go?
Saki: I wanna check out... A gelato shop! This island's famous for its salty gelato.
Mizuki: They apparently make it using salt that's produced on the island. They seem to really want tourists to try it out, so I'm sure it's good...!
An: Wait, now I really wanna try it...!!
Haruka: Yeah, it does sound good... But didn't you just have some ice cream to beat the heat?
Saki: Urgh... Right... And we have that barbeque later tonight. What should we do?
An: Then, why don't we split one?
Mizuki: Oh, hey, that's a nice idea! I'm game!
Haruka: Me too. I'm also a little curious.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Looks like you two have your drinks. Alright, former members of Class 1-C... Cheers!
Saki & Ichika: Cheers!
Ichika: Hehe. I never imagined us gathering on an island like this.
Haruka: Me neither. We have the island's residents to thank for hosting the festival.
Saki: I know! Why don't I whip us up something nice to celebrate the reunion of Class 1-C...?!
Haruka: Something nice?
Saki: Ta-daa! Check it out! Popcorn kernels!
Saki: You just gotta spread some butter over a frying pan on a hot grill...and throw in the kernels!
Haruka: Hehe. Popcorn sounds good. I'm looking forward to having some.
Ichika: Wait, if you don't cover it with a lid...
Ichika, Haruka & Saki: Eep!
Saki: No, this is terrible! Popcorn won't stop flying out!
Haruka: W-We need to cover it now...! Where'd the lid go?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Are you taking pictures of everyone, Kohane?
Kohane: Oh, yeah! I've taken a lot already. Have a look!
Haruka: Hehe. These look nice... Everyone seems to be really enjoying the fireworks.
Haruka: But I also feel bad for making you take so many for us like this...
Kohane: No, I'm doing this because I love taking photos.
Kohane: We don't get to gather like this very often... So I want to capture as many moments as I can.
Haruka: Oh...
Haruka: (I think I understand how she feels.)
Haruka: (I want to treasure this moment.)
Haruka: Um, Kohane? Could you stand there for me?
Kohane: Huh? Does here work...?
Kohane: D-Did you just take one of me?
Haruka: Hehe. Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you.
Haruka: But I thought we should have a picture of you with everyone for the record.
Haruka: Here, take a look. Beyond your position, everyone's playing with fireworks. I think this picture has a nice feel to it...
Kohane: Oh, you're right... This is a wonderful photo.
Haruka: (I had so much fun today... I was able to forget about work and really savor my free time.)
Haruka: (So, tomorrow, as an idol—)
Haruka: (I'm going to do my best to make sure everybody in attendance has fun!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Beach]

Haruka: Good morning, Tenma, Shinonome.
Tsukasa: Good morning! A wonderful day, is it not?! I couldn't help but run here from my room!
Akito: Sounds like an active morning.
Tsukasa: We did hang out and eat quite a lot yesterday! My body feels fully rejuvenated!
Haruka: Hehe. I was also able to relax quite a bit yesterday. It's nice to be able to go into the festival in such great condition.
Akito: Yeah, I'm also feeling pretty good... All that's left is to get our bodies loose for the festival.
Tsukasa: Indeed. So, let us begin! Our first training session together since Shinobi Battle!
Haruka & Akito: Okay.
Akito: To start... Why don't we warm up with a light jog? You mentioned something about running on the beach during the barbeque.
Haruka: Oh, about that...
Tsukasa: Hm? That notebook. Did you...?
Haruka: Yes. It's a bit simple, but I decided to write down a workout regimen that I recommend.
Haruka: The three of us are training together for the first time in a while, so I thought we should try to exercise efficiently.
Tsukasa: Th-This is incredible... It's so detailed...
Akito: And as tough as ever...
Haruka: Of course, there's not much time before the festival, so I made sure to come up with a workout regimen that isn't too strenuous.
Haruka: You two can handle this without any issues, right?
Tsukasa & Akito: Of course! Of course.
Tsukasa: We have to live up to Kiritani's trust and passion!
Akito: Trust? I sorta heard that as taunting...
Haruka: Hehe. I had a feeling that you two would be okay with this.
Haruka: Anyway, let's get started...!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa & Akito: Huff... Huff...
Haruka: I knew you two could do it...! Even on a beach, you were both able to maintain a steady pace and running form.
Akito: But not as well as you, Kiritani... You're running like you're on a paved road. Just how strong is your core?
Tsukasa: Alright, now that we've gotten used to running on the beach and still have some energy left, how does a sprinting competition sound...?
Haruka: That sounds fun. How about the person who first touches that driftwood over there wins?
Akito: I see. That's just like beach flags. You're both going down...
Tsukasa: Haha. I also don't plan on letting either of you win!
Haruka: Then, ready...
Akito, Haruka & Tsukasa: Start!
(Black cut)
Akito: Eight... Nine... Ten! Okay, that's ten sets of ten squats!
Tsukasa: Phew...! I'm also done! My muscles feel plenty warm now!
Haruka: That's incredible considering how much running you two just did...! Neither of you seem out of breath.
Akito: I mean, this was nothing.
Haruka: The workout I came up with might've been a bit too easy. Want to try making things a little harder...?
Tsukasa: Hm...?
Akito: Why are you gathering sand now...?
Haruka: Well, I didn't bring any weights with me on this trip. I thought filling a few bags with sand could work instead.
Tsukasa: Y-You're as prepared as ever, Kiritani...
Haruka: Here you are! Try doing five more sets of squats using these sandbags!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Your form's falling apart, Tenma!
Tsukasa: Hnng...! Planking on sand is so different...!
Haruka: How are you doing, Shinonome?
Akito: I think I've got the hang of this...
Haruka: In that case, why don't you try lifting one of your legs?
Akito: What?! “In that case”...?!
Haruka: Since we're at the beach, this is a golden chance for us to efficiently work out our core muscles.
Haruka: It's difficult to maintain your balance on sand, so we have to make the most of this opportunity and really strengthen them!
Haruka: So, raise your leg.
Akito: Y-You've gotta be kidding me...! *Wince*
Tsukasa: No...! I can do this...! Hnnnnng...!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Phew... All done stretching! We were able to get in an excellent workout thanks to you, Kiritani!
Akito: Yeah, it was tough, but I feel a nice sense of accomplishment...
Haruka: I'm glad that I could help.
Haruka: Still, you two really surprised me... Despite this challenging environment, you were both able to get through that workout more easily than before.
Akito: The same goes for you, Kiritani.
Tsukasa: Indeed. This is the result of us all working hard in order to make our dreams a reality after training and sweating together that day...!
Haruka: Right...
Haruka: Let's all keep doing our best moving forward. Starting with today's festival!
Tsukasa & Akito: Yeah!
(Black cut)
