1260_Haruka Kiritani_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Skill name: Friends And Music All Around
Gacha phrase: Please keep your eyes on me in the future.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[The Lumina Forum - Bedroom]

Minori: Thanks for waiting, Haruka!
Airi: We're ready to go have breakfast whenever.
Haruka: Oh, okay...
Haruka: Sorry, before we go... Can I ask you all something?
Shizuku: What is it?
Haruka: The thing is, An sent me a message yesterday.
Haruka: She asked if Kohane, Minori and I were free to go somewhere on my birthday.
Minori: Really?! We don't have anything scheduled that day, right?
Airi: That's right. We've already announced how we're gonna be doing a special livestream the day before instead of the day of.
Shizuku: Thank goodness. That means you can go out with An and everyone.
Haruka: That's the thing...
Shizuku: Haruka...?
Airi: I had a feeling. You're worried about the next Lumina Time, aren't you?
Minori: Oh, that's right! We have no idea when it's gonna happen.
Haruka: Exactly. In order to make it past the preliminary stage, we need to leave as big an impression as possible by participating in as many of them as we can.
Minori: Yeah, since everyone watching is gonna decide who advances to the final stage...
Shizuku: Still, would they really hold the next Lumina Time so soon?
Airi: I sorta doubt it.
Airi: Haruka's birthday also just happens to be a holiday. Because of that, about half of the idols at the training camp are gonna be performing in events elsewhere.
Airi: It wouldn't be fair to hold the next Lumina Time during that period.
Haruka: That was also my guess. But there's always a small chance. Plus...
Airi: You don't feel great about prioritizing yourself just because it's your birthday?
Airi: Then, what if we did this...?
Airi: On your birthday, while you two are out, Shizuku and I will stay at the training camp and be on standby for the next Lumina Time.
Airi: And if they do end up holding it, then we'll have to shine extra bright to make up for you two being away.
Haruka: But...
Airi: You seem unsure. Do you not believe in us or something?
Airi: Don't worry. You can leave everything to us while you and Minori spread your wings.
Shizuku: It is your birthday after all. We want you to have as much fun as possible.
Airi: Agreed. Also, for the sake of your other friends, we want you to make the most of this opportunity.
Airi: I mean, An's your dear best friend, right?
Haruka: ...!
Haruka: *Nod* Thanks, Airi, Shizuku.
Airi: Minori! Your job is to make sure Haruka has fun and doesn't think about work, okay?
Minori: Roger! I promise to do my best to make sure Haruka genuinely enjoys herself!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haruka's birthday]

[Scramble Crossing]

Haruka: Is something wrong, Minori? Why are you looking around so much?
Minori: It's almost time for us to meet Kohane and An, so I was wondering if I could spot them.
Minori: We're both in disguise, right? They might have trouble finding us.
Haruka: That shouldn't be a problem. I've already told them what we look like. Also, An and Kohane probably...
???: Hey, girl♪ Wanna hang out?
An: Wow, you're cuter than I thought! I can't believe that I'm getting to meet a pair of girls like you two.
Haruka: If you believe that we're going to enjoy ourselves today, then I wouldn't mind having you two chaperone us.
Haruka: So, how confident do you feel?
An: Very! No, extremely! So, you can count on us!
Haruka: Really? In that case, why don't you talk like that for the rest of the day?
An: What?! No, I'd rather not. That sounds way too hard.
Haruka: Hehe. You're stopping already? But it suited you so well.
An: Now I'm starting to feel kind of embarrassed... I just wanted to tease you guys for a bit.
Haruka: Don't worry. I got a good laugh out of it.
An: That isn't helping!
Minori: Still, for a second there, I really thought someone was hitting on us.
Kohane: I was also a little surprised. When An spotted you two, she told me that she'd come up with a great idea and suddenly started talking like that.
An: That's because it would've been boring to just say hi to them.
Haruka: Hehe. Of course you'd think that.
Haruka: Oh, the light just turned green. Where are we going first? You're going to be our guides today, right?
An: Of course! We're for sure doing that.
An: Anyway, let's get our first double date in a while started!
Minori, Haruka & Kohane: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Oh, Kohane, I didn't know that you listened to this kind of Western music...
Kohane: I only listened to this stuff from time to time until recently. But the event I saw in the United States was so unforgettable that I began listening to the songs by the artists who performed there...
Minori: Really?! That's amazing. Even if I listened to these, I wouldn't know what these songs are about.
An: I was also the same way at first. So, in the beginning, it's okay as long as you have fun while listening to them!
Haruka: Hehe. I see what you mean. So, do you have any artists that you two recommend?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: You'd look really good in this dress, Kohane. I bet An would also love seeing you in it.
Kohane: Really? Hehe. Then, I might try it on.
An: How about this jacket, Minori? You could go for a really grown-up look by pairing it with this reddish shirt. Haruka's gonna be so surprised.
Minori: Really?! Alright, I'll give it a try!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
An: Punch, punch, kick! Throw in a skill here, then punch, punch, kick!
Minori: Waaah! An's combo's unstoppable!
Kohane: But Haruka hasn't been taking much damage since she's been keeping her guard up...
An: You can't win just by playing defense! Also, my special move gauge will be full soon.
Haruka: Now!
Minori: What?! Haruka's character became all shiny and golden?!
Kohane: Right! She's able to enter revenge mode because her gauge became full after taking enough damage!
An: No, I forgot! Wait, huh...? My special move gauge is down to half?!
Haruka: That's what my character can do. He's able to siphon a portion of his opponent's special move gauge based on the damage he deals.
Haruka: And now, my special move gauge is full. Not only that, but I'll be able to deal a massive amount of damage since I'm still in revenge mode.
An: Y-You got me there... That begs the question, what can my character do in revenge mode? Don't you wanna find out?
Haruka: I'm pretty sure yours reduces the amount of damage you take by creating clones. But I'm not about to wait until your gauge is full.
Minori: Oof...! So... Cute... *Slump*
Kohane: Minori!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Minori: It's already this late! The day just flew by.
Haruka: Yeah, I had a lot of fun. We got to do so much.
Haruka: Thanks for inviting us out today, An. I feel really refreshed as a result.
An: You're welcome. But we're not done yet... Can you stick around for a little bit longer?
Kohane: There's one last place where we need to go together.
Haruka: One last place?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori)

[Music Cafe]

Haruka: This is...
Kohane: A music cafe. It's a place where music lovers gather, play music, sing and talk about music together.
Minori: I think I've heard of this place! Oh, someone's playing that piano over there... Huh?
Saki: Hi, Haruka! I've been waiting for you!
Haruka: Saki...! And...
Haruka: You're all here...! Did you gather just for me?
Ichika: Yeah, Kohane invited us. We wanted to celebrate your birthday as a group.
Honami: We had work, so we couldn't join you until the evening.
Emu: Tsukasa and the others also couldn't make it, so we're gonna celebrate extra hard in their place☆
Airi: Seriously? I told you to stick with me, and yet you ended up getting lost anyway. What if we didn't make it in time?
Shizuku: I'm sorry. I couldn't help but look at those cute flowers.
Minori: What?! Airi?! Shizuku?!
Airi: Thank goodness. It looks like we made it in time for the party.
Shizuku: We rushed over since it seemed like they weren't going to hold the next Lumina Time today.
Haruka: I see...
Haruka: Thanks for staying on standby for us. But I feel bad for making you two spend your day off like that.
Airi: Nonsense. That's what friends are for, right?
Haruka: Right.
Emu: You sit here, Haruka♪ Let's get this party started!
An: Will you do the honors, Airi?!
Airi: Oh, are you sure? Then, when I say, “Haruka!” you guys gotta shout, “Happy birthday!”
Airi: So, here we go! Haruka!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Haruka: Thank you all so much!
(Black cut)
Saki: Oh, Haruka! Since they have a piano here, we should play something together!
Haruka: Wait, but I can't play the piano...
Saki: Not a problem! We'll play something really easy!
Saki: Here, here and...here! Try playing these three keys at the same time to the rhythm! One, two, three!
Haruka: Okay, I'll give it a try.
Saki: Great♪ Then, one, two...!
(Black cut)
Regulars: Is today really your birthday? If so, may I play a song for you as a gift?
Haruka: Oh, are you sure?
Regulars: Since it's a celebration, I hope this adds to your party with everyone. If you know the song, please try singing along.
Haruka: Oh, this song...
Honami: It's a nursery rhyme. I remember singing it in elementary school.
Emu: I know it too! Let's sing it together♪
(Black cut)
Airi: Hm...! Th-This pudding's ridiculously good!
Shiho: Our friends from another band told us about these. I also couldn't believe it when I had some for the first time.
Ichika: You don't have to restrict your diet today, right, Haruka? Try some if you like!
Haruka: Thanks! In that case, I think I'll have some.
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Oh, those people are clapping along to that person's performance.
Minori: We should also clap along!
Haruka: Okay.
Haruka: (This is really fun...)
Haruka: (I've been avoiding places like these where customers socialize with one another since it'd be bad if people found out that I'm an idol.)
Haruka: (But everyone here seems to be on the older side. In that sense, it feels like a place where those who genuinely love music can gather...)
Haruka: (I should also try to enjoy the music more.)
Haruka: (As a customer who's here with her friends, just like everyone else.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Haruka: Thank you all for taking the time out of your busy schedules to gather here today. I had so much fun.
Saki: We also had sooo much fun!
Emu: Good luck with the grand prix! We'll be rooting for you lots and lots!
Ichika: Anyway, see you at school!
Haruka: Okay! Let's have lunch together again sometime!
An: We also need to start heading back, Haruka.
Haruka: An, Kohane, thanks again for today... I really appreciate you two planning all of these activities for my birthday.
Airi: You better show them your appreciation. An and Kohane even asked us about the best way to take you out for your birthday.
An: A-Airi!
Haruka: What...?
Minori: I-Is that true?! This is news to me!
Airi: Why are you acting so surprised?
Shizuku: We're sorry, Minori. Airi said that we needed to keep that a secret.
Haruka: You all put so much thought into today...
An: I mean, this grand prix is really important, right? I want you to give it your all and not have any regrets.
An: However, aside from that, I wanted to hang out with all of you, Haruka, and celebrate your birthday.
An: So, I feel really satisfied right now!
An: How about you? Did you have fun, Haruka?
Haruka: Yeah, I had a lot of fun.
An: Great...!
Kohane: Good luck with the grand prix, Haruka, Minori! We'll be rooting for you!
An: There's no way the other idols are gonna outshine you guys! I know you're gonna rise to the top!
Haruka: Thanks. We promise to keep doing everything we can moving forward.
Haruka: But your team's goal is to stand on top of the world, right? I'm looking forward to seeing what you all do next.
An: We won't disappoint!
Airi: Anyway, let's head back to the Lumina Forum, shall we?!
Haruka: Okay!
(White cut)
(Background change)
???: Testing, testing... Can you all hear me?
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000499/bg_s000499.webp)
Haruka: Thank you for celebrating my birthday with me today.
Haruka: I heard your cheers loud and clear. I felt more encouraged than usual.
Haruka: So, how do I feel about all this?
Haruka: Your support, my appreciation, my belief that tomorrow will be a better day and...
Haruka: I hope these feelings inside of me are reaching you...
Haruka: If they aren't, it's okay. I'm going to keep singing on stage until they do.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Haruka: Don't worry. I won't buckle under any circumstances.
Haruka: I'm going to spread everlasting hope to you with everyone else in MORE MORE JUMP!
Haruka: So, I hope you keep your eyes on me. That's a promise, okay?
(Black cut)
