98_Megurine Luka (Ln)_R2 School SEKAI

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Luka: You want to know what it's like to have someone look up to you?
Saki: Yeah! If you don't mind!
Ichika: What's this about, Saki?
Saki: The other day Miku said that Luka was sort of like her mentor, remember?
Saki: I missed out on a lot of middle school, so I didn't get to experience the whole dynamics between upper and underclassmen.
Saki: But it has always fascinated me!
Luka: You idolize this sort of interpersonal relationship, don't you?
Ichika: (Since this SEKAI is born from our feelings...)
Ichika: (Maybe Saki's longing to have an older student to look up to translated into Luka being Miku's mentor?)
Saki: I'm good friends with a senior in my club, but I wonder about other people's experiences.
Ichika: You mean the captain of the soft tennis club?
Saki: Yeah! She's really nice and very considerate towards me.
Saki: She even came up with a special practice routine for me since I had a very long break from sports.
Luka: It's great that she looks after you.
Saki: Yeah! And you know, she even talks a bit like you. She sounds so mature and cool!
Saki: Isn't that right, Ichi? You've met her too.
Ichika: Definitely, she does resemble Luka.
Saki: The vibe between you and Miku reminds me of my club captain and younger members.
Saki: You must be an amazing mentor to Miku, just like my captain!
Luka: Hehe, thanks.
Luka: I can't really tell if I'm doing a good job or not...
Luka: But when we're practicing together, I often feel like Miku looks up to me.
Saki: I bet she does! You've got such a wholesome relationship!
Saki: So what's it like to have someone younger that you can teach the ropes to?
Luka: Let's see, what could I compare it to...
Luka: I suppose it's like having a younger sister.
Ichika: A younger sister, huh...?
Saki: Hmm... So it's like the relationship between siblings...
Ichika: Hehe. That's not helpful to you, Saki, since you only have an older brother.
Saki: Yeah, but I kind of get it.
Saki: I can sort of imagine what it'd be like if I put myself in Tsukasa's shoes.
Ichika: Haha. Then I guess it's just me not knowing what it's like.
Saki: Oh yeah, you're the only child.
Ichika: I have no idea what it feels like having siblings.
Saki: I guess that's something you can't understand unless you experience it yourself.
Saki: Dang... Now I want a junior who'd be like a younger sibling to me!
Luka: I'm sure you'll have someone like that one day.
Saki: And when I do, I'll be a fabulous role model to them, like you are to Miku!
Ichika: Well, you might be setting the bar a bit too high there...
Saki: What, don't you believe in me? I will become a kind, stylish, and responsible senior student someday!
Luka: Hehe, that'll be interesting to see.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: Excuse me, Luka. Would this be a good time for a chat?
Luka: Hello, Honami. Is it just you today?
Luka: What would you like to talk to me about?
Honami: Well... I was hoping to get your advice about something.
Luka: Go on then, ask me anything.
Honami: You see, I...don't feel like I can cope with performing in front of an audience.
Luka: Why not? You've been doing so well in your rehearsals.
Honami: Thank you but... It's not about my technique.
Honami: I've just begun to think that maybe drums aren't my thing.
Luka: Honami, why don't we sit down? This is a very important matter to you, so we should make ourselves comfortable and take our time talking about it.
Honami: Oh, okay. Let's do that.
(Black cut)
Luka: So, why do you think drums aren't for you?
Honami: Well...
Honami: I learned to play percussion instruments when I joined the school's brass band...
Honami: That's why it seemed natural that I should become the drummer in our band.
Honami: But in this kind of band, the role of the drummer is much more important than what I was used to from the brass band...
Honami: I set the rhythm for the entire band. Everyone depends on me.
Honami: And I...don't have the confidence to play such an important role.
Luka: Tell me, Honami, do you dislike playing drums?
Honami: Oh, no, I have nothing against drums per se.
Luka: That's good. And did anyone in the band complain about your drumming?
Honami: No, no one's said anything.
Luka: I thought so.
Luka: But then there's no reason for you to think drums aren't the right instrument for you, no?
Honami: ...
Luka: Don't you agree, Honami?
Honami: You're right, of course...
Honami: Ichika and Saki told me that my drumming's easy to follow, and even Shiho said it's good.
Honami: I think I can play drums fairly well.
Honami: But... Sometimes I get anxious thinking that maybe I shouldn't be the one to do this.
Honami: I just wanted to tell somebody about these doubts.
Honami: I'm sorry... It really wasn't worth mentioning.
Luka: No, I'm glad you told me about this. Everyone loses confidence sometimes.
Luka: But, Honami, you should remember...
Luka: You're surrounded by friends who believe in you.
Luka: In those moments when you stop believing in yourself, think about them, and trust their judgement.
Honami: They believe in me even when I don't...
Honami: Thank you!
Honami: My doubts won't disappear so easily, but...
Honami: I'll do my best to keep playing as best I can for my friends who rely on me.
Honami: Thank you, Luka.
Luka: You're welcome. Keep enjoying what you do!
(Black cut)
