99_Megurine Luka (Ln)_R3 Guiding Hand

Gacha phrase: Why don't you join me?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Luka: What a beautiful, starlit sky...
Luka: ...
Luka: I can't reach any of them no matter how much I stretch my hand out. Hehe... Silly me. Of course I can't.
Luka: But I'm sure she can definitely...
Miku (Ln): Luka, there you are.
Luka: Hello, Miku. Finished practicing?
Miku (Ln): Yes. Penny for your thoughts, Luka?
Luka: Well, I was just thinking about her. Ichika.
Miku (Ln): Ichika... Her true feelings are right in front of her, yet she doesn't seem to acknowledge them.
Luka: Despite that, she's still doing what she can to reach out to Honami right now.
Luka: So I made a wish to the stars that she'll be able to convey her feelings properly.
Miku (Ln): Her feelings of wanting to be together like before, huh?
Luka: Yes. Ichika and the girls don't know Honami's true feelings.
Luka: That's why they think allowing Honami to continue sticking close to her other friends may be for the best.
Miku (Ln): I hope Honami can tell them her true feelings one day too...
Luka: She may not because she's too good-natured. That's why she's struggling too. She's not sure what to do.
Miku (Ln): Not being able to tell the people you like that you want to spend time together is just...
Miku (Ln): Just speak your mind. Why the hesitation?
Luka: Do you need me, Miku?
Miku (Ln): Huh?
Luka: Do you want to be with me forever?
Miku (Ln): Wh-What's this, all of a sudden?
Luka: I'm still waiting for your answer.
Miku (Ln): I-I... Um...
Luka: Hehe. See? It's not that easy to speak your mind without any hesitation, right?
Miku (Ln): W-Wait a minute, that has nothing to do with this... Oh, come on...
Luka: Some things are hard to convey properly, even among those who know each other well.
Luka: It's understandable that those who have drifted apart for a time would be even more cautious as a result.
Luka: But they're working up the courage to reach out.
Luka: They're all still within reach, unlike this starlit sky.
Miku (Ln): You're right... And I'm sure they'll succeed.
Miku (Ln): After all, if Honami is truly already out of Ichika's reach...
Miku (Ln): Her feelings wouldn't be a part of this SEKAI at all.
Luka: Yes. This SEKAI is full of their feelings.
Luka: The plushies in the classroom, the star chart on the blackboard...
Luka: Even this beautiful starry night sky is a part of everyone's memories.
Luka: It must be something deeply engraved in their hearts.
Miku (Ln): That's why I said they shouldn't be so hesitant...
Luka: Hehe, I know it's frustrating, but let's have faith in them and watch over them together, alright?
Luka: Until they can all find their true feelings.
Miku (Ln): Okay...
Luka: Ah, a shooting star.
Miku (Ln): Great! I'm going to make a wish too. I wish that the girls will be able to convey their true feelings to each other!
Luka: Hehe. Thank you, Miku.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: Hello, Luka.
Shiho: Hello.
Luka: Oh? Just the two of you today?
Shiho: Yes...
Honami: Um, we have something to talk to you about today...
Luka: Me? What is it?
Honami: Yes, well... We wanted to say thank you.
Luka: Whatever for?
Honami: For calling me to this SEKAI, and...helping me to face my feelings honestly.
Honami: Thank you very much for all of that.
Luka: There's no need to thank me at all.
Luka: You were able to face your feelings because you wanted to, right?
Honami: Not really... I wouldn't have been able to do it on my own.
Honami: It was because of everyone's encouragement and that starlit sky from our memories.
Luka: See? I didn't do anything at all.
Luka: Remember we told you that this SEKAI is made from your feelings?
Luka: That starlit sky only appeared here because it had remained in everyone's memories.
Luka: You saw it because it remained in your memories too, Honami.
Honami: But Ichika told me that it was you and Miku who suggested showing me the starlit sky back then.
Honami: So I still think I should say thank you!
Luka: It's not like I did anything special...
Luka: But I'm glad that motivated you to face your feelings.
Honami: Thank you!
Shiho: ...
Shiho: Excuse me... Luka?
Luka: Yes, Shiho?
Shiho: Uh, well...
Shiho: I'm the same. I wanted to thank you too.
Shiho: It was because of you and Miku that I decided to join the band Ichika started and patch things up with Honami.
Shiho: So... Thank you, Luka.
Luka: Don't worry about it. I was only doing what I wanted.
Luka: I'm so glad all of you found your true feelings.
Honami: It feels so good to be able to say thank you properly. Huh? Shiho? Why are you holding a bass guitar?
Shiho: I feel like playing. Join me, Honami and Luka.
Honami: Huh? I don't mind, but this is very sudden.
Shiho: Just come on.
Luka: Hehe, maybe Shiho is feeling happy?
Honami: Oh? Is it because you don't know what to say?
Shiho: Honami, start counting already!
Honami: Ah, g-give me a second, Shiho!
Luka: Hehe. Let's play a great tune together, girls.
(Black cut)
