110_Megurine Luka (Ln)_R4 Wiping Away Twilight Rain (event_1)

Gacha phrase: It's all right to take things slow.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Luka: The stars are always so beautiful here...hmm?
Saki: Ah, Luka! Hello there.
Luka: Hello there, Saki. I haven't seen you since we used the rooftop as a play-planetarium.
Luka: I'm glad you seem to be in good health today.
Saki: Thanks! Actually, I brought some photos that Hona took for us the other day.
Luka: Oh...these are shots from the play-planetarium.
Luka: Hehe. They're very well taken.
Saki: I know! Please show them to Miku too.
Luka: Yes, I will.
Luka: And now you can tell me what you're really here for.
Saki: Ah... Haha, you can really read me like an open book.
Saki: Um, I'm here to say thanks, actually.
Luka: For?
Saki: Well, for listening to me.
Saki: You told me back then that there was no need for me to rush.
Saki: I think those words really put me at great ease.
Saki: That's why I'm all better now. It's all because of you, Luka. So thank you very much!
Luka: Hehe. You're very welcome.
Luka: You didn't have to worry about it at all, really.
Luka: All of you found your true feelings in this SEKAI.
Luka: And you let us hear the wonderful songs that were born from those feelings.
Luka: To Miku and myself, that's more than enough thanks.
Luka: So now, just go out there and do whatever you like, and enjoy life to your heart's content.
Luka: That's what we want to see all of you doing.
Saki: Luka...
Saki: It's so reassuring to have someone like you and Miku I can look up to as my seniors!
Saki: Um... If I ever need help for anything in the future, can I drop by to talk to you again, in secret?
Luka: Hehe. Without telling Ichika, Shiho, and Honami?
Saki: Yes. Secretly and without letting them know!
Luka: Yes, there are some things you wouldn't be able to share freely with those who've known you since you were little.
Luka: If you don't mind, I'm happy to lend you a listening ear anytime you like. Miku would say the same thing too.
Saki: Okay! Thank you, Luka!
Luka: It's already quite late. Let's stop for today, shall we?
Saki: Okay. Good night!
Luka: Yes, good night to you too, Saki.
Miku (Ln): Looks like Saki's made a full recovery.
Luka: Yes, she has. Miku, you didn't come in just now so that it would be easier for Saki to speak with me, right?
Luka: You were outside the classroom from halfway through.
Miku (Ln): Yup. She just recovered from an illness. It wouldn't be nice for me to make her stay.
Miku (Ln): Besides, Saki's here to thank you today, wasn't she? I didn't want to be in the way.
Luka: Oh, is that why? But she said it's so reassuring to have someone like Miku she can look up to—
Miku (Ln): Um, well, that's...
Luka: (Hehe. Oh, Miku. You heard what she said, didn't you?)
Luka: (Maybe you didn't come in because you were blushing?)
Miku (Ln): Luka? Why are you staring at me like that?
Luka: Hehe, nothing in particular.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): ——♪ ——♪
Miku (Ln): Okay. That sounded pretty good!
Luka: Practicing hard, Miku?
Miku (Ln): Oh, Luka!
Miku (Ln): Well, Ichika and the girls are getting so much better these days, so I have to keep up.
Luka: Okay. How long will you practice for?
Miku (Ln): I just finished my section practice, so I'm done for today.
Luka: Well then, I should show you what you missed the other day.
Miku (Ln): What did I miss?
Luka: Something our dear juniors shared with us.
Luka: Here. Photos of the play-planetarium session that Saki brought the other day when she came over.
Miku (Ln): Wow, show me show me!
Miku (Ln): Ah, this was taken when we were toasting with our drinks. This was when Honami was doing narration.
Miku (Ln): And this one... Oh! They were playing rock-paper-scissors to see who would get the remaining snacks.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Everyone looks so happy.
Luka: Yes. There's even a picture of sleepy-looking Saki.
Miku (Ln): I'm really so glad Saki is back on her feet again.
Luka: So am I, and I'm sure Ichika, Shiho, and Honami are as well.
Luka: They've always wanted to be of some help to her, after all.
Miku (Ln): Yeah. Saki's always smiling even when overexerting herself.
Luka: Indeed...
Luka: She would be by herself in a hospital room far away, when everyone was spending time together in school.
Luka: It must have been lonely.
Luka: That was probably why she was rushing to make up for all that lost time.
Miku (Ln): Yes. But it feels like she had gotten over all that during the play-planetarium, all thanks to you, Luka.
Luka: I just gave her a listening ear, that's all. I'm glad to know that turned out to be somewhat helpful.
Miku (Ln): Yeah.
Miku (Ln): Come to think about it, Ichika and the girls were making plans to go to a few other fun places together.
Miku (Ln): Like different shops and events. Everyone was doing their part and trying to research different places.
Luka: Oh, that's really nice. Making plans together can be a very fun activity in itself.
Miku (Ln): That's how they intend to keep on making fond memories together, huh?
Luka: Yes.
Luka: Hehe. I can't wait to see what sort of memories they'll be making.
Miku (Ln): Yup. They've only just formed the band too. I'm sure they'll keep getting better.
Miku (Ln): This is only just the beginning for them.
Miku (Ln): I hope I can keep watching over them as they grow.
Luka: Me too. They may lose their way or face obstacles again, like they did this time.
Luka: There may even be things they'll hold back from saying to each other because of being childhood friends.
Miku (Ln): When that happens, we'll be there to lend them a helping hand. There must be something we can do for them.
Luka: Hehe. You're going all in, aren't you, Miku?
Miku (Ln): Anything for my dearest junior classmen.
Miku (Ln): I want to be a supportive senior classman like you, Luka.
Luka: Hehe. I'm sure you do.
Luka: I personally think you're already one, though?
Miku (Ln): Huh? R-Really?
Luka: Yes, really!
(Black cut)
