151_Megurine Luka (Ln)_R4 Elegant Smile (event_9)

Gacha phrase: Don't let it get to you, Honami.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[Shrine Hall]

Luka: <Honami, thank you for drawing a fortune for me.>
Honami: You don't need to thank me... I mean, especially considering the outcome...
Luka: <Oh, I don't think it was really all that bad.>
Luka: <If this is rock bottom in terms of my luck, things can only get better from here.>
Honami: Luka...!
Saki: Hey, did you all draw fortunes already?
Shiho: No. Only for Miku and Luka.
Saki: Then what are we waiting for? Let's see what we get!
Luka: <Honami, why not draw another one? I'm sure it'll be better this time!>
Honami: Okay. Let's hope for the best!
Ichika: Huh? Honami seems pretty fired up...
Shiho: Yeah, she is. So are we getting our fortunes, or what?
Luka: <Hehe.>
(Black cut)
Luka: <Okay, what did you get?>
Ichika: Um... Minor blessing.
Miku (Ln): <Huh... Oh, look at the part about education!>
Ichika: Be sure to work hard, but your rewards will be modest...?
Ichika: Wait, so I won't get good grades even if I work hard? How can anyone feel like studying after getting this?
Luka: <But under general luck it says, Attention to detail will improve your luck.>
Luka: <It could be taken as a warning against carelessness.>
Saki: I see. Like when you accidentally skip one row on a multiple choice test and your answers all end up in the wrong place...
Ichika: Okay, this is pretty rough. I'll make sure to be careful...
Luka: <And what did you get, Saki?>
Saki: Heh heh heh! I got a... Blessing!
Saki: Under education it says, Study without worrying!
Ichika: Wow... Our fortunes are miles apart...
Shiho: But under finances it says, Be careful. Avoid impulse buying or you'll greatly regret them later...
Saki: Greatly regret them...? What on earth am I going to buy?!
Shiho: Hmm... You could end up buying some clothes at one store and find out later that they're 50% off at another one?
Honami: Oh, right... When Saki finds something she really likes, she tends to buy it on the spot.
Saki: Th-Then... I'll be more careful when I'm shopping this year...
Ichika: What did you get, Honami?
Honami: I'll check it now...
Honami: Oh! Luka, look! Finally! A blessing!
Luka: <That's great, Honami!>
Ichika: Wait, what do you mean by finally?
Miku (Ln): <Hehe. This is her third try.>
Ichika: Huh? When did she get so many...?
Luka: <The general luck part is very positive too. It says, Your efforts will bring happiness to those around you.>
Honami: Yes! I'll do my best to make that come true...!
Shiho: Calm down a little. You're acting like you just drew a great blessing.
Luka: <Hehe. Did you, Shiho?>
Shiho: I got a good blessing. That's good enough for me.
Saki: So... Shiho's the best of us all, then Honami and me, and then Ichika.
Ichika: Hold on, I'm getting another one. I mean, Honami had a few tries so...
Saki: What did you get before this one, Hona? Don't tell me you drew a great curse or something...
Honami: Eek...
Saki: I knew it! Come on! Show me that one!
Luka: <They're really enjoying this.>
Shiho: Yeah... Sigh...
Luka: <Oh? Why are you sighing while staring at your fortune?>
Miku (Ln): <You got a good blessing, right?>
Shiho: Yeah. And the part about education not being a problem is nice. But the part about wishes...
Miku (Ln): <Let's see... You'll worry others and have difficult choices to make...>
Miku (Ln): <That's odd. The rest of the fortune is very good, but this part doesn't bode all that well.>
Luka: <Yes. But I don't think you should worry about it too much, Shiho.>
Luka: <If you let it get to you, it might stop you from accomplishing what you've set out to do and turn into a self-fulfilling prophecy.>
Shiho: Yeah, you're right. It's just a fortune...
Saki: Shiho! Let's tie up our fortunes! We can make our wish plaques after that!
Shiho: Wait, I thought we already did everything?
Miku (Ln): <Luka, they're writing their wishes next!>
Luka: <Yes. I guess we get to enjoy this shrine visit a little bit longer.>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Luka: Miku, are you in here?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (Ln): Hello, Luka. You came to see me?
Luka: Yes. I have something for you.
Luka: It's the fortune Honami drew for you when the girls went to the shrine.
Miku (Ln): Oh, thanks!
Miku (Ln): Oh, come to think of it... Didn't they tie their fortunes to a tree outside the shrine?
Luka: Yes. It's to have the life force of the tree help grant their wishes.
Miku (Ln): Ah, so that's why...
Luka: Honami said to just let her know if you want to have yours tied up too.
Miku (Ln): That's so nice of her! She's such a kind girl.
Luka: Yes, but sometimes to the point that she ends up taking too much responsibility.
Miku (Ln): Oh, like when she drew a fortune for you?
Luka: Yes. Here, take a look...
Miku (Ln): Wait... Is this your fortune?
Luka: She drew me another one before coming here because she still felt bad about the very first one.
Miku (Ln): Haha. Classic Honami...
Luka: Hehe. I thought it was very sweet of her to do this.
Luka: She really wants us all to have the best of luck this year.
Miku (Ln): Yeah. Have you looked inside yet?
Luka: No, I'll open it now...
Miku (Ln): Okay...
Luka & Miku: !!
Luka: A great blessing...!
Miku (Ln): That's the best one there is, right? Wow!
Miku (Ln): It must be full of good predictions, right? Let's read them together!
Luka: Hehe. Okay!
Miku (Ln): Hmm, this one's about our finances... Well, that's meaningless to us.
Luka: The part about education doesn't really apply to us either. Or maybe it does? You'll pick up new skills effortlessly. Makes me feel smarter, so I can work with that!
Miku (Ln): Hehe. That sounds right!
Luka: We can also skip the bit about health... So next is... Ah!
Miku (Ln): What is it? Something good?
Luka: See here, under general luck?
Miku (Ln): You won't have to wait long for your dreams to come true. What are you wishing for, Luka?
Luka: Oh, that's already become a reality.
Luka: My dream was for our friends to have a great time playing in a band.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. You didn't have to wait at all!
Miku (Ln): Does Honami know what fortune she got for you this time?
Luka: I don't think so. I'll have to tell her the next time she comes.
Miku (Ln): You know, I think I have a more exciting idea. Why not tie the fortune somewhere in here for her to find?
Luka: Oh, I like that! But what would be a good spot?
Miku (Ln): Let's look for a suitable place together! Whoever finds one first can be the winner!
Luka: You always come up with fun ideas! Okay, I'm game!
Luka & Miku: Hehe.
(Black cut)
