161_Megurine Luka (MMJ)_R4 A New Member Arrives♪ (event_11)

Gacha phrase: I'm Megurine Luka, your new member.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

[Stage SEKAI]

Shizuku: Thank you for lending me an ear, Luka.
Luka: It was my pleasure. Feel free to come visit any time♪
Shizuku: I will. See you later then...
Luka: Don't worry, you'll find your answer. After all, you're not alone, Shizuku.
Luka: Now, I should get back to setting up for the show... Hm?
Rin: ...
Luka: Rin? You look upset. Is there something wrong?
Rin: Oh, well... Actually, I overheard your conversation with Shizuku just now.
Rin: And, you know... I'm worried about her...
Luka: I see. If you go around looking so upset, your fans are going to worry about you, Rin.
Rin: Yeah, I know... But still...
Rin: What if it's my fault that Shizuku is having so much trouble right now...?!
Luka: I get the impression there's a specific reason behind your worrying, maybe?
Rin: Well... Airi came to visit me before, and she was saying that she needed something called an agency in order to be an idol.
Rin: I said I was sure she and the others would be able to give others hope regardless of how they did it.
Rin: I told her that they didn't need to be in an agency to do that.
Rin: And now it looks like that's the reason they've decided to become idols on their own...
Rin: But after seeing Shizuku like that, I'm not so sure it was a good idea to say those things...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Shizuku: I'm sure the fans would be happier and more supportive if I kept being the idol they expect to see.
Shizuku: Back then, I was happy knowing that I was living up to their expectations.
Shizuku: But I can't do that on my own...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Rin: I don't think I should've said those things. Now, because of me, Shizuku is...
Luka: You're such a kind person, Rin...
Luka: But think about what you just said.
Rin: Huh?
Luka: Do you think those girls are so irresponsible that they'd do something just because somebody told them to?
Rin: No, of course not! They're all serious about becoming idols. They want to inspire hope in others!
Luka: Good, I'm glad we agree.
Luka: So don't worry. I'm sure they put a lot of thought into the path they've chosen.
Rin: You're right...
Luka: Besides, I don't think what Shizuku is worried about right now has anything to do with their decision about not joining an agency.
Rin: What? Really...?
Luka: Yes. I think Shizuku is worried about is how she can meet the expectations her fans have of her.
Luka: She's trying to decide whether or not to continue playing the version of her that was created by others...
Luka: I think she would have eventually had to deal with the same question even if she had joined an agency.
Rin: Oh, okay... I think I understand what you're trying to say!
Rin: Still... This is going to be tough on Shizuku regardless of which path ends up choosing.
Luka: That's true. But I'm sure by persisting, she'll be able to find the answer she's looking for.
Luka: I believe she's strong enough to get through this.
Luka: I'm also very much looking forward to seeing what she finds at the end of this journey.
Rin: What do you think it'll be?
Luka: Hehe. Who knows?
Luka: I'm sure whatever it is, we'll all be dazzled...
Luka: I get the feeling it will give her the ability to fill people's hearts with hope♪
Rin: That sounds amazing!
Rin: I hope she finds it soon!
Luka: I do too. We'll just have to wait until she does.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

[Stage SEKAI]

(Black cut)
Luka: That was a lot of fun today. Let's meet tomorrow at the same... Hm?
Shizuku: Good afternoon, Luka.
Luka: Oh! Welcome, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Thank you for taking the time to speak with me the other day even though I stopped by without any warning.
Luka: Hehe. It was my pleasure♪ So, have you found your answer?
Shizuku: I have. I've decided to show everyone who I really am. The real Shizuku Hinomori.
Shizuku: I told my fans the same thing in our livestream. I said that I want them to see me as part of MORE MORE JUMP!
Luka: That's wonderful! How did they react?
Shizuku: Not everyone was supportive, but most of them left comments saying that they'd cheer me on.
Shizuku: It made me so happy that I keep re-watching the stream to read the comments again and again.
Luka: Hehe. That's great. I'm happy you were able to convey your feelings to them, Shizuku.
Luka: Oh, hey! Is there any way for us to watch your video?
Shizuku: What? Oh, I don't see why not...
Luka: Would you mind showing it to us then? I'm sure Rin would love to see it as well♪
Shizuku: You too, Rin...?
Luka: Of course. She's been so worried.
Luka: I think it would be great for her to see your bravery at work too. Would that be all right?
Shizuku: Hehe. You're making me blush, but sure. Well then... How about tomorrow?
Luka: Yes, of course! Rin and I will be waiting!
(Black cut)

[The next day]

Luka: Welcome back, Shizuku♪ And Minori too!
Shizuku & Minori: Hello.
Rin: Hurray! Minori's here too!
Shizuku: Yes, she is. I asked her to come with me.
Shizuku: Sorry again, Minori. I just can't figure this tablet out...
Minori: There's no need to apologize. Everyone has trouble with something!
Minori: Besides, coming with you means I get to watch the video with Rin and Luka!
Luka: Yes. I've been looking forward to it♪
Rin: Me too! I can't wait!
Minori: Hehehe! Alright, everyone! Time to begin our exclusive screening!
Rin: Hurray♪
Minori: And... Play!
Rin: Oh, look! It's Shizuku! And look at all the text flying by on the side!
Luka: Ah, these must be the comments you mentioned yesterday.
Shizuku: That's right. All the fans can send messages and share what they're feeling. Isn't it amazing?
Minori: Oh, here comes the part where Shizuku makes her announcement.
Rin: My heart is pounding...!
Luka: Hehe. I'm so glad Rin seems to be back to her normal self♪
Shizuku: Huh?
Luka: To tell you the truth, Rin has been feeling a bit down recently. She's been worrying it was her fault you four were struggling.
Shizuku: She has? But why...?
Luka: She was afraid your troubles were due to her comment about you not needing an agency to be idols.
Shizuku: Not at all. We were the ones who ultimately made the decision to freelance as an independent group...
Luka: Yes, I told her as much, so please don't worry.
Luka: Still, I thought it would be best for her to see for herself instead of just hearing it from me.
Luka: See, look♪
Rin: Wow! Shizuku looks so cool! It's like she's glowing!
Minori: Right?! I've already watched this a bunch of times already, but I can't help but feel amazed every time!
Rin: Yeah, I know what you mean! Let's watch it again♪
Minori: Okay!
Shizuku: Oh, that reminds me.
Luka: Yes?
Shizuku: You told me before that you were sure there'd be those who would support me for who I am now.
Shizuku: Well... It would seem they were closer than I imagined.
Luka: I see. I'm happy you found them♪
(Black cut)
