193_Megurine Luka (MMJ)_R3 An Idol's Knowledge (event_17)

Gacha phrase: Keep smiling and our fans will have fun.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

[Stage SEKAI]

Luka: Minori, nice work today♪
Miku (MMJ): Your singing and dancing just keep improving! I can't wait hear how your show goes!
Rin: Me too! We'd do anything to see you perform!
Minori: Hehe. Hearing that gives me a lot of confidence...
Minori: Anyways, I'll see you tomorrow...
Rin: Wait, Minori?! Is everything okay?!
Minori: Oh, I think I'm just hungry and tired, so it's making me feel sleepy...
Luka: We did practice quite a lot. Please, make sure to rest and refuel when you get home♪
Miku (MMJ): And a nice long bath! Oh, but not too long. You might catch a cold!
Minori: Okay.
Luka: Minori's really trying her best♪
Miku (MMJ): She is. I was a little worried that she was trying too hard but...
Luka: Really? Are you still worried about her?
Miku (MMJ): Only a little bit. I mean, she's really putting everything into it.
Miku (MMJ): Relaxing is just as important as practicing, right? But I think she'll be fine now.
Rin: Oh, right. A long shows do require quite a bit of stamina...
Luka: Yes, you're right...
Luka: Oh...! Hehe♪
Rin: Luka?
Luka: I thought of something good♪ Hehehe.
Miku & Rin: Hm?
(Black cut)

[The next day]

Minori: Hello! Thanks for having me again today!
Luka: Welcome, Minori♪
Luka: Let's get started... Oh, but today's practice will feel a little different than normal.
Minori: Huh?! D-Does that mean it's going to be really hard...?!
Luka: That may be up to you, Minori. Would you be up for it?
Minori: O-Of course! Anything you ask! Please, I'd like to give it a try!
Luka: In that case... Minori, what's your favorite kind of fish?
Minori: Huh? Fish...?
Luka: Yes. Such as tuna or maybe some other kind...?
Minori: Oh... Salmon, maybe? It's so yummy.
Luka: Ah, okay. We have tuna, salmon and... Let's throw an otter in as well♪
Minori: An otter? But otters aren't a type of fish...
Luka: But let's start with a tuna dance♪ Did you know that tuna fish have to keep swimming for as long as they can?
Luka: So I want you to...! Do box steps as fast as you can♪
Minori: Huh?! L-Luka...?!
Luka: And when I say, Salmon, I want you to start skipping like there's no tomorrow♪
Luka: And when I say, Otter, I want you to stop on a dime and start waving your hips all loosey goosey♪
Luka: So let's start with... Tuna! Faster! More! Like you mean it!
Minori: W-W-Wah! Okay!
(Black cut)
Rin: Oh, is that...?
Miku (MMJ): Luka's way of showing Minori how to make her dance moves look more energetic!
Rin: More energetic?
Miku (MMJ): Yes. For example, some groups try to have the audience focus on their lead by dancing more discretely, especially when they're singing, right?
Rin: Yes, I think I understand what you mean...
(Black cut)
Luka: And otter!
Minori: Okay! Loosey goosey...
Luka: Looser! Really swing them around, Minori! Relax more and let the waves move your body...!
Minori: Right! Loosey goosey...
Luka: Good♪ Ride the waves just like an otter would and find where the otter on your shirt wants to go!
Minori: Yeah. Loosey goosey...
(Black cut)
Rin: Hehe! I wanna try that too!
Miku (MMJ): Yeah! Me too!
(Black cut)
Rin: Luka! Mind if we join you?
Luka: Yes, of course. Everyone, like an otter!
Rin: Okay, here we go♪
Minori: Hiii, Riiin. Hiii, Miiiku.
Luka: Hehehe.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: Hello! Thanks for having me again today!
Luka: Welcome, Minori♪
Luka: But are you sure you don't need a break? You just finished putting on a show too so...
Minori: Thanks, but I'm okay. I feel like my body can really keep up now, so I want to practice!
Minori: Also, I'm the one that asked you to help me practice!
Minori: But only as long as I'm not being a bother to you, Luka...!
Luka: No, I don't feel that way at all. As long as you're okay with it.
Luka: Anyways, shall we get started♪
Minori: Yes! Thank you!
(Black cut)
Minori: Luka, thanks again for today! See you again!
Miku (MMJ): Another job well done, Professor Luka!
Rin: Hehe. We even got to do the fishy box step again.
Luka: Yes♪ Minori has learned how to smoothly switch between different dances quite well.
Luka: And it's all thanks to her incredible work ethic♪
Rin: Yeah! She's really been giving it everything she has!
Miku (MMJ): I agree. Luka, you've been a great teacher as well♪
Luka: Oh, I have?
Miku (MMJ): She's learned to relax and have confidence in herself thanks to you. It's done wonders for her.
Rin: Totally! It's so cool how she can really speed up, hop, step, jump and stop in a snap now!
Rin: It looks like your fishy exercises are really doing the trick for her.
Luka: Hehe. Well, maybe just a little.
Luka: But she was the one that was determined to practice every day to make their show a success.
Luka: She was that driven and her passion made it all a reality.
Miku (MMJ): Her passion, huh? Yes, you're right!
Luka: And I'm looking forward to seeing more♪
(Black cut)

[A few days later]

Luka: Welcome, Minori♪ I'm looking forward to another good session!
Minori: Me too! Oh, would it be okay if we did something else first? About those fishy dances we've been doing...
Minori: I just wanted to say that those drills really helped me understand how to jump between different rhythms!
Minori: Haruka even said that my dancing's improved a lot and that it looks much sharper than before!
Luka: Oh, that's great! I'm so happy for you♪
Minori: Hehehe. Also, I'm really starting to understand that I need to stay loose and relaxed while I dance!
Luka: In that case, let's start with a quick pop quiz♪
Luka: When do you think you should be more relaxed?
Minori: Easy! I found the answer to that in a ASRUN DVD of one of their tours!
Minori: First, when you move to the back as others move to the front of the stage!
Minori: In this case, everyone in the back danced a little more discretely to let everyone in the front stand out more!
Luka: Yes, very good♪ And?
Minori: Right! During long instrumental parts as well! Instead of dancing in place, everyone tried to make eye contact with the audience!
Minori: What else...?
(Black cut)
Luka: That's wonderful, Minori! You've made quite a few discoveries♪
Minori: Teehee...
Minori: I was really focused on trying my best or doing everything I can, but I'm understanding how important it is to stay loose now too.
Minori: It's really incredible just how much of a difference it makes, Luka!
Luka: I see. I'm glad that I could help, Minori♪
Luka: But this rabbit hole goes much deeper than that, you know.
Minori: Right. I got a sense of that too.
Minori: Each time watched that DVD, I kept finding new things that I never even thought to look for.
Minori: Does that mean...?
Luka: It just means that you're learning to see things from an idol's point of view, no?
Minori: Huh?
Luka: You even found some fans that truly believe in you thanks to your videos, right? Fans you want to give hope.
Luka: As you keep learning about who you're trying to give hope to, I'm sure your understanding will keep evolving along with it.
Minori: That makes so much sense!
Luka: Hehehe.
Luka: (Minori's taken quite a big step forward as an idol...)
Luka: (It may be only a matter of time until the hard-working Minori that we first met blooms into a beautiful idol.)
(Black cut)
