221_Megurine Luka (MMJ)_R2 Fairy Lantern♪ (event_22)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

[Stage SEKAI]

Luka: Minori and Haruka should be at the park by now, yes?
Rin: Yeah! I can't wait to see what it's like!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. It'll be my first time at an amusement park too. I'm so excited♪
Luka: Oh, I think that's Minori calling us. Let's go♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Haruka: Thank you for joining us today, everyone.
Luka: <No, we should be the ones thanking you. We're happy that you invited us.>
Miku (MMJ): <We haven't been able to sit still since you two invited us to join you.>
Luka: <Yes, Rin in particular...>
Rin: <Oh, wow! Look at the roller coaster! It's going so fast! The ferris wheel's really big too!>
Luka: <Yes, they are♪>
Minori: I'm so glad you're enjoying everything! Let's have as much fun as we can today!
Miku & Rin: <Yeah!>
(Black cut)
Rin: <The Ferris wheel was so much fun! I didn't know it could go up so high!>
Miku (MMJ): <I know! We could see for miles and miles thanks to the great weather too!>
Minori: Alright, next we should go on...!
Luka: <I'm a little surprised that no one's seemed to have noticed us yet, Haruka.>
Haruka: I'm guessing everybody here is too focused on the rides and mascots. They're providing us cover in a way...
Haruka: One mascot in particular, Phenny, is really popular and... *Gasp*...!
Haruka: It's Phenny...
Miku (MMJ): <The person in the costume over there?>
Rin: <It's looks so cute and fluffy! Is it supposed to be a penguin?>
Haruka: No, if you look more closely, you'll see that he's a phoenix. He only looks that way because he's sort of supposed to be a baby bird.
Luka: <Hm? You like him very much, don't you, Haruka?>
Haruka: Um, actually... I like him because he sort of looks like a penguin.
Minori: Some people even call him Phenny Penguin!
Haruka: Oh? You seem to know quite a lot yourself, Minori.
Minori: There's this girl in my class that really loves PXL and taught me all about it!
Haruka: Oh, are you talking about Hinomori?
Minori: Actually, no. Shiho loves Phenny too, but it's this other girl that I'm really close with...
Miku (MMJ): <Did you see that? Everyone cheered when Phenny flapped his wings just now.>
Haruka: Someone may've said the magic words Otori was talking about.
Minori: Magic words?
Haruka: Yes. Apparently, if you say the magic words, Phenny will do cute things for you.
Miku (MMJ): <Oh, I see. It's his form of fan service...!>
Haruka: You may be right...
Luka: <That means Phenny is this amusement park's idol, no?>
Haruka: An idol...?
Minori: Haruka, is something wrong?
Haruka: I was just thinking that we could learn a few things from Phenny in term of how to treat our fans.
Haruka: I'm gonna go ask him to fly for me.
Minori: Wait, I wanna see that too!
Luka: <We'll be hiding in your pocket in the meantime.>
Minori: Sorry, we'll try to be quick!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (MMJ): <Hehe. I know we're here to have fun, but stopping Haruka may be a bit difficult now...>
Luka: <Yes, however...>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka: <I'm just glad that Minori's genuinely been having fun today too.>
Luka: <When she was practicing for their joint stream, she really didn't seem like herself...>
Rin: <Yeah, I remember...>
Luka: <And do you remember how she kept practicing even after their show was over?>
Luka: <I was so worried about which straw would end up breaking the camel's back but...>
Luka: <I feel so relieved after seeing her laugh and have fun like this.>
Miku (MMJ): <Hehe. I see.>
Miku (MMJ): <Is this why you wanted to come here today? You have plans to go hiking in the mountains too, no?>
Luka: <I did, but I was also very interested in seeing an amusement park.>
Luka: <I can go off to see how Airi and the others are doing without much worry now.>
Rin: <Right. Are you sure you still have time to go see them, Luka?>
Luka: <I think so. They said that they'll tell me when they find a nice view.>
Miku (MMJ): <That sounds so nice! I hope the four of them have a good time together...!>
Luka: <Hehe. I hope so too♪>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

[Stage SEKAI]

Airi: Okay, that should be enough practice for today. Great job, Shizuku! And thanks for helping us out too, Luka!
Luka: You're very welcome! I had quite a bit of fun too!
Luka: Now then, Shizuku... Could we pick up from where we last left off♪
Shizuku: Yes, of course.
Rin: Oh? Airi! Shizuku!
Miku (MMJ): Were you practicing with Luka just now?
Airi: Yeah. We're here to make up for the time we lost from going on our picnic.
Rin: Oh, okay! But you're done now, right? What are Shizuku and Luka doing over there?
Luka: I'm learning how to tie knots from Shizuku.
Miku (MMJ): Knots?
Shizuku: For tying ropes that you use when you're out camping or hiking.
Luka: Yes. You can even use these knots for the ribbons and boots in our wardrobe.
Luka: Our laces and ribbons occasionally come untied, no? These can help prevent that.
Rin: Yeah, you're right! It's also pretty dangerous when we accidentally step on each other's laces and stuff too...
Luka: Exactly. If we learn how to tie knots that won't easily come undone, we can prevent all of that from happening♪
Rin: That's a great idea!
Miku (MMJ): Yeah! Thanks, Luka♪
Luka: Hehe. That's actually just an added bonus♪
Miku (MMJ): Huh?
Luka: I really just wanted to learn how to tie cute knots♪
Rin: You can do that?
Shizuku: Yes. Would you like to try?
Luka: Oh, that sounds nice♪ Rin, come sit next to me.
Rin: Really? Hehe. Yay!
Luka: And would you mind modelling for us, Miku, Airi? We promise to tie some cute knots with your ribbons.
Miku (MMJ): Sure, go right on ahead. I'm getting curious myself.
Airi: Me too. Something cute, okay, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Of course!
(Black cut)
Luka: Then let's get started♪ First, you make a loop with one ribbon...
Shizuku: Pass one end of the ribbon through it, gently tie it and weave the other end through...
Rin: Wow! That's amazing! It's braided now!
Shizuku: But you have to keep in mind how long or wide you wish to make it in order for it to turn out well.
Luka: Yes, but this one went rather nicely! We just need to do the same for the other two ribbons, wrap the ends to look like flowers and...
Luka: There. All done♪
Rin: Oh, wow! It's so cute! It almost looks like a belt!
Miku (MMJ): Hmm... I'd like to see too, but I can't if it's on my back like this...
Airi: Oh, you're right... Rin, would you mind taking a picture of us with my phone?
Rin: Yeah, no problem♪ I'll zoom in on the ribbons...
Rin: Okay, how's that?
Airi: Thanks, Rin! Whoa, that is cute!
Miku (MMJ): You're right! It's the same ribbons we always use, but I never knew that tying them like this could make them look so different...!
Luka: I'm glad you like them! We practiced quite a bit together!
Luka: Not only that, I'm sure they'll stay tied even after dancing and moving around.
Airi: Yeah, this is nice! These outfits are designed for that, so I'm glad we're getting the most out of them.
Miku (MMJ): I agree! We should be all set to perform now! Thank you for doing this, Luka! 
Luka: You're very welcome. Oh, I forgot to mention. They can't be untied very easily once they're like this...
Airi & Miku: What?!
Miku (MMJ): Th-They can't be untied...? Does that mean we're stuck in these outfits forever...?
Airi: No, that can't be possible. There has to be a way.
Luka: Hehe. I'm sorry. I was just kidding.
Luka: I really just meant that the person wearing this outfit can't untie these ribbons by themselves.
Airi: Wait, what...? We really can't...?!
Luka: Yes, unfortunately... They can't be undone unless it's done in the reverse order of how it was originally tied. Isn't that incredible?
Rin: Oh no! Luka?! Shizuku?! Do you remember how you tied these?!
Luka: Of course. You start by making a loop and... Oh dear...
Luka: How did the next part go?
Miku (MMJ): L-Luka...?!
Airi: No, you're not fooling me twice! That was a joke too, right?!
Luka: Oh, could you tell?
Shizuku: You were just kidding... You even had me there for a second...
Airi: You of all people should've realized first...
Rin: *Sigh*... I wasn't sure what to do there just now...
Miku (MMJ): Luka, you big meanie!
Luka: Hehe. I'm sorry.
(Black cut)
