344_Megurine Luka (VBS)_R3 Here Comes The Free Spirit! (event_44)

Gacha phrase: Hello, everyone! It's been a while♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Campground]

Len: <Whoa! Check out all the stars!>
Akito: Look, it's great that you're all excited about this, but you guys need to make sure no one else sees you.
Rin: <We know! We'll be fine! Oh, Toya, what's that star called? The one way over there.>
Toya: That's Canis Major, better known as Sirius. The star you're seeing is actually the second brightest in the sky next to the sun. It's even a part of the Winter Triangle.
Len: <That's so cool! Oh, what about those three over there?>
Toya: Ah, those are...
Akito: Hey, didn't I just tell you to keep it down...?
Miku (VBS): <Hehe. They're having the time of their lives.>
MEIKO: <I don't blame them. Who wouldn't be excited about seeing a star-studded sky like this?>
KAITO: <Yes, it's very romantic.>
Luka: <Between the campground, this campfire and all these stars... I'm not sure what to do with myself♪>
An: Hehe. I'm glad you guys could join us! It's made our campfire just that much better!
Luka: <Oh, An, that's so sweet of you! It's like this campfire's making us better friends already♪>
Luka: <Which means we have no other choice but to do this...!>
An: Do what?
Luka: <Sing camp songs together!>
MEIKO: <There she goes again...>
Kohane: Camp songs...?
Rin: <Oh, that sounds fun!>
Toya: Camp songs...? I'm not really sure if I know any. Can you give us an example?
Luka: <You know! Those songs that you sing when you're all around a campfire!>
Luka: <There are lots of them too, and they all sound really fun and have a great rhythm to them...♪>
Kohane: Yeah, I know what you mean! My dad and I used to sing them all the time whenever we went camping...
An: There are some fun folk songs that we can try where you clap along as you sing...
Luka: <That'd be great! Oh, the one about rowing a boat could be fun too.>
Akito: Yeah, I know that one at least. I remember my mom teaching us that during one camping trip when I was little.
Toya: ...
Toya: I'm sorry. I don't seem to recognize any of those songs.
Luka: <I see... That just means we'll have to sing some for you, Toya!>
MEIKO: <You say that, but I have a feeling you were gonna make us sing them anyway. Am I wrong?>
Luka: <Haha. Too easy?>
Luka: <Anyway, let's sing some! Also, don't forget to clap during the quiet parts too. I'm sure it'll be more fun that way!>
Rin: <Oh, I wanna try that!>
Len: <Me too!>
KAITO: <And I'll play whatever music you need. Oh, but I'm gonna need to carry some speakers over to do that. Mind giving me a hand, MEIKO...?>
MEIKO: <Hehe. Do I really have a choice? Be right there.>
Kohane: Wait, Aoyagi, do you know the lyrics? I don't really remember all of them, so why don't we look at them together while we sing?
An: If that's the case, let's just check out a video online first! That should make it easier for you to learn the lyrics, right, Toya?
Toya: Yes, that would help quite a bit.
Akito: Yeah, I don't remember all of it either, so I'll take a look too.
Luka: <Hehe. There we go! That's the spirit♪>
Luka: <Alright, everyone, are you ready?>
Kohane & An: <Yeah♪>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Luka: Wow, that was so much fun!
MEIKO: Hehe. It's been a while since I sang that much too. Hm? Where are Rin and Len...?
Rin & Len: Zzz... Zzz...
Miku (VBS): Fast asleep. I guess they're all tuckered out.
MEIKO: Oh, these two... KAITO, there should be a blanket towards the back of that shelf. Mind fetching it for me?
KAITO: Yes, of course. The back... Let's see... Aha, here it is!
MEIKO: Thank you. There we go, you two...
Rin: Mhm... Zzz...
Len: No, I can't eat anymore...
Luka: Hehe. Sounds like a lovely dream.
MEIKO: Yes, it does. Why don't we also take a little break? How does some coffee sound?
Miku (VBS): Oh, I'd like a cafe au lait today. With some cinnamon if you don't mind.
Luka: I feel like a soy latte today.
MEIKO: Sure, coming right up.
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Okay, Miku, here's your cafe au lait. KAITO, here's your espresso latte, and a peanut soy latte for you, Luka.
Luka: Thanks! Oh, that smells wonderful♪
MEIKO: Luka, keep it down. Rin and Len are still sleeping.
Luka: Okay.
(Black cut)
Luka: Still, I'm so glad that Toya and the others were able to enjoy themselves.
Miku (VBS): Not only that, wasn't seeing a real forest originally your idea, Luka?
Luka: Sure, but all I did was make a small suggestion.
Luka: And this trip turned out to be full of firsts for Toya, so my hope is that he'll be able to fondly look back on everything he experienced...
Miku (VBS): Oh? Are you sure that this was all about Toya?
MEIKO: Yeah, because I remember seeing a certain someone really cut loose and go all out.
Luka: All I was trying to do was lead by example. Honest♪
KAITO: But I know what you mean. Whenever I'm teaching Rin and Len something, I try to make it a fun learning experience.
Miku (VBS): I suppose that if everybody else is having fun, it's hard not to go along with them.
MEIKO: Hehe. Very true. Maybe we should've gotten more into it.
Luka: Maybe♪ Hehe...
Miku (VBS): Hm? Is something the matter, Luka?
Luka: Oh, thinking about Toya and the others just made me realize something...
KAITO: Realize what?
Luka: You know how they're very impressionable and can change quite a bit after meeting someone or doing something?
Luka: What if they sort of took that to heart and began looking for ways to grow on their own...?
Luka: Imagine how fun it would be to see that happen!
KAITO: Yes, it certainly would be. Like seeing your own student blaze their own trail.
Luka: Exactly! It's never a dull moment with them!
Luka: I can see why you guys kept such a close eye on them, Miku...
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Right?
MEIKO: That means a lot coming from you, Luka, since you're always wandering around looking for something more fun to do.
Luka: Haha! True. I just seem to be naturally drawn towards things or places that pique my interest.
Luka: But I have a feeling that I'll never get bored of them...
MEIKO: So do I. There's just something about them that makes you want to see what happens next, you know?
Luka: Yeah, that! I mean, even KAITO seems really interested in them!
KAITO: Wh-What do you mean by that?!
Miku (VBS): Hehe.
MEIKO: You're still free to go wherever you please, Luka, and I don't want to make you feel tied down...
MEIKO: But would you like to stay with us awhile and see what happens to them?
Miku (VBS): I'd like it if you stayed as well, Luka.
Luka: See what happens?
Luka: Sure, why not? I think I'll stick around for a bit!
(Black cut)
