406_Megurine Luka (Ln)_R4 Chalkboard Cherry Blossoms In Bloom (event_54)

Gacha phrase: Now we can see cherry blossoms all year.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Luka: Hmm...
Luka: (What I saw in that SEKAI... It was so strange and wondrous.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka: (The girls' thoughts and feelings sparkled so much as they hung from that tree's branches...)
Luka: Oh, this chalk should do rather nicely...
Luka: Let's see... It looked something like this...
Miku (Ln): Hey, Luka. Can you help me practice...?
Miku (Ln): Luka, what are you doing?
Luka: Oh, this? I'm drawing a tree.
Miku (Ln): A tree? Are you drawing this because we couldn't find a real cherry blossom tree?
Luka: Oh, this isn't exactly a cherry blossom tree...
Luka: Wait, that's it. Why didn't I think of that before?!
Luka: Thank you, Miku. I think we'll get to see cherry blossoms in this SEKAI after all.
Miku (Ln): Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Luka: Thank you for tagging along with me like this, everyone. I know you're all tired after practicing so much.
Ichika: No, don't mind us.
Saki: Anyway, what is it that you wanna show us?
Luka: Hehe. That'll have to wait until you go into this classroom. So, after you.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rin: Finally!
Shiho: Huh? Rin? Len? KAITO?
Honami: Oh wow...! Look at the chalkboard!
Saki: Whoa...! There's a tree!
Luka: Hehe. It's actually supposed to be a cherry blossom tree.
Ichika: A cherry blossom tree? But where are the flowers?
Luka: Ah, you'll be drawing those in right now with this pink chalk.
Miku (Ln): Here, there should be enough for everyone.
Saki: Wait, it's okay for us to draw on this?!
Luka: Yes, of course.
Luka: Remember how we looked all over for a cherry blossom tree and couldn't find one? That's why I decided to draw one on the chalkboard.
Luka: Also, by doing this, we can look at it whenever we like.
Len: This is an amazing idea.
KAITO: It really is...
MEIKO: Everyone have their chalk ready? If so, let's make this tree bloom like no other and get our picnic started!
Saki: Yeah! Let's do it! You're all in, right?!
Ichika: Yeah. I'd like to join in as well.
Shiho: Alright, I don't mind lending a hand...
Honami: U-Um... I...
Luka: I have an idea, Honami. Instead of drawing them from scratch, why don't you help color them?
Luka: For example, I could draw outlines for each flower while you fill them in with pink chalk. How does that sound?
Honami: *Gasp*
Honami: Thank you so much. I think I can handle that!
Luka: Hehe. Then, shall we get started?
MEIKO: Yes, let's! Our goal will be to make this entire tree bloom♪
Saki & Rin: Yeah!
Miku (Ln): Oh, Ichika. How many petals are cherry blossoms supposed to have?
Ichika: I believe five... Here, I'll look up some images on my phone.
KAITO: Oh, I'd like to see it as well...
Ichika: Okay. Let's see, cherry blossoms...
Luka: Alright, that's one. Mind coloring it in for me, Honami?
Honami: Okay! I'll do my best!
Shiho: Can you fill mine in too, Honami? We're gonna need to draw a lot of these to make this entire tree bloom.
Honami: Okay, you can count on me!
Len: Hmm... This doesn't look right. MEIKO, can you hand me that eraser?
MEIKO: Of course... Wait, these look perfectly fine to me.
Len: They do? It just doesn't seem like they'd grow on a branch like this, you know?
MEIKO: Haha. You're such a perfectionist. Just look at those two. They're drawing without a care in the world.
Rin: Sakki, let's race to see who can draw more!
Saki: Heh heh heh. You're going down, Rin!
Saki & Rin: Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
Len: Haha! They just keep going and going.
Len: I guess I should take it easy and let myself draw more freely like them.
Luka: Yes. We're all free to draw whatever we like.
MEIKO: That's right. Now, I have some catching up to do!
Luka: Hehe. I'll need to keep trying my best as well since I suggested that we do this.
Luka: (I can't wait to see how our cherry blossom tree turns out.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Luka: Alright, here's to completing our cherry blossom tree... Cheers!
Ichika, Saki, Honami & Shiho: Cheers!
Rin: Cheers!
Len: Whoa, take it easy! You're gonna spill juice everywhere if you do that!
MEIKO: Thanks for giving us a hand, KAITO!
KAITO: *Nod* You're welcome...
Ichika: I still can't believe how fun it is to look at these cherry blossoms. It's so clear that they're all drawn by different people.
Shiho: Yeah. The ones KAITO drew look so real.
Honami: Yes, they do. I was really impressed by the gradation he added while coloring everything in by using the white chalk.
Luka: Me too. I was so surprised when I took a peek since I was drawing right next to him.
KAITO: But I only ended up drawing a few...
Len: I think Rin won in that department. She even started some without lifting her chalk.
Rin: Hehe. Because that lets me draw them faster!
Saki: I couldn't believe how fast you were. Just blam-blam-blam one after another!
Saki: I tried copying you but couldn't get the hang of it. Some ended up looking more like amoebas.
Miku (Ln): Oh, the ones that made Shiho say, “No, redraw them,” after erasing them.
Ichika: Yeah, those were kind of...
Saki: Hehe. I know...
Luka: Alright, everyone, how about we really get our picnic going by breaking out the dango and rice cakes?
Len: Wait, there's food?
Luka: Hehe. It wouldn't be much of a picnic otherwise. I asked Honami and the girls to prepare some for us.
Honami: And here they are. Tricolor dango and various kinds of rice cakes, including cherry blossom and sweet soybean flavors.
MEIKO: Nice! This is turning out to be a wonderful picnic!
Ichika: I'll start distributing the paper plates and chopsticks.
Shiho: Huh? Where'd the napkins go?
Saki: Oh, they should be in this bag. Lemme get them out...
Rin: Wow, these look so yummy. Which should I eat first♪
Len: Hmm... I'm not sure where to start either. Do you know what you want, KAITO?
KAITO: I think I'll start with a cherry blossom rice cake...
Len: Yeah, sounds like a safe bet! I'll do the same.
Len: Honami, can you get two cherry blossom rice cakes for me and KAITO?
Honami: Sure. Just give me one second.
Miku (Ln): Looks like they're all having fun.
Luka: Yes, I'm glad I asked the girls to prepare some food for us.
Miku (Ln): That was definitely a good idea, but I was talking more about our cherry blossoms.
Miku (Ln): We couldn't find any real cherry blossoms, but everyone's all smiles now thanks to you suggesting that we draw some.
Miku (Ln): So thank you, Luka. I had a lot of fun doing that as well.
Luka: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
Luka: (To be fair, Miku, you essentially gave me that idea.)
Luka: (I mean, all I did was draw the tree I saw in that strange and wondrous place.)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Luka: (And I have a feeling that the tree I saw was still very young.)
Luka: (But the girls' feelings on those branches... They were shining so brightly.)
Luka: (As long as they remain that bright, I'm sure that tree will continue to “grow”.)
Luka: (Hehe. I'd love to see what it looks like when it matures.)
Miku (Ln): Luka, do you know what you want to eat?
MEIKO: If you don't decide soon, Rin's going to eat all of them.
Rin: What?! I wouldn't do that! Look, Luka! You still have a full assortment to choose from!
Luka: Hehe. Thank you all very much.
Luka: Let's see... I think I'll have some tricolor dango.
(Black cut)
