420_Megurine Luka (Ln)_R2 Precise Advice (event_56)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Luka: (Oh, is somebody playing the guitar?)
Luka: (But Ichika left to work on her lyrics, and the other girls are already gone.)
Luka: (Does that mean...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Luka: Ah, Miku, I suspected it was you.
Miku (Ln): Hi, Luka. Wait, why did you suspect me?
Luka: I came here to see who was playing the guitar since Ichika and the others had left already.
Luka: Lo and behold... Hehe. Looks like I was right. Are you trying to come up with more ideas for their song?
Miku (Ln): Yeah. The girls and I managed to come up with some good ones, so I decided to write them down while they were still fresh.
Luka: (But she's been here all by herself since they left...?)
Luka: I would've helped if you just asked.
Miku (Ln): No, that's okay. I was really just writing down anything that came to mind.
Luka: Oh, really?
Luka: (But it's so clear that she's been putting a lot of thought into this based on how many ideas she's written down.)
Luka: You seem very invested in this one, Miku.
Miku (Ln): Huh? Again, I was just writing down anything that came to mind...
Luka: Hehe. You say that, but your actions tell a different story, no?
Miku (Ln): *Sigh*
Luka: Why do you seem so inspired?
Miku (Ln): About that...
Miku (Ln): Ichika saying that she started listening to songs sung by me when she was little made me so happy.
Luka: Oh, that's right. The girls mentioned that while talking about what they did during elementary school.
Miku (Ln): Yes.
Miku (Ln): And those siblings that Ichika told us about...
Miku (Ln): The girls are trying to do what they can for them, so I began wondering if I could also help them somehow.
Luka: I feel the same way.
Luka: We can't just sit back and wait to see what happens. I mean, they care about each other so much but have to live apart...
Miku (Ln): Exactly.
Miku (Ln): To tell you the truth... Ichika came here all by herself right after the girls discovered their true feelings.
Luka: By herself?
Miku (Ln): Yes. She seemed concerned, so we decided to have a session together and chat for a bit...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Ichika: I guess I must have been worried.
Ichika: I was afraid. I'm really happy to be talking with everyone like we used to, but I think I got scared imagining everything falling apart again.
Ichika: I'm sorry, Miku. I shouldn't be saying things like this right after you just helped us remember how much we all wanted to be together again.
Miku (Ln): There's nothing to be sorry about.
Miku (Ln): It's only natural to be worried about losing something so precious to you.
Ichika: Yeah, I guess you're probably right.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Luka: I see...
Luka: I don't blame her... I mean, her biggest wish actually came true.
Luka: As elated as she was, a part of her feared that she'd lose them again someday.
Miku (Ln): Right...
Miku (Ln): The more memories you make with someone, the harder it becomes to say goodbye to them.
Miku (Ln): Ichika experienced that firsthand, so she feels compelled to try and empathize with her fans. To tell that brother and sister through song.
Luka: Yes.
Luka: She'll be okay, Miku... I'm sure they'll hear Ichika's message loud and clear.
Luka: And she's probably working on the lyrics for that right now.
Miku (Ln): Yeah, true...
Miku (Ln): I have a feeling she's going to write something really special.
Luka: Oh, what a coincidence. So do I.
Miku (Ln): Alright, since Ichika's probably hard at work, I'll try coming up with more ideas.
Luka: Hehe. I'll join you for a bit.
Miku (Ln): You will? Thank you.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Luka: (“Add up all the joy you've felt since you met”...)
Luka: (I'm never going to get tired of hearing that.)
MEIKO: Oh, Luka, it's you. I was wondering who was listening to that song.
MEIKO: Mind if I join you?
Luka: Be my guest.
MEIKO: This really is a wonderful song. It has this way of filling your heart with so much warmth.
Luka: Yes, it really does...
MEIKO: And we're only able to listen to it now because you gave Ichika such great advice, Luka!
Luka: Oh? I appreciate the compliment, but that won't score you any freebies with me.
Luka: I mean, all I did was give her a little push. Given the opportunity, those girls always know how to figure out what's most important.
MEIKO: True. They really are an amazing bunch.
MEIKO: It started with hearing that those two were their fans, but they ended up doing so much for them...
Luka: Hehe. Because they're such nice girls.
Luka: So I'm beyond glad that they got this song ready in time for their show.
MEIKO: Me too. Their tough schedule definitely started taking its toll on them, but they made sure to support each other the entire way...
MEIKO: It's like they were able to clear the goal and say, “Our thoughts and feelings won out!”
Luka: I agree.
MEIKO: But I was honestly pretty worried about them burning out partway through because of how hard they had to try.
Luka: Oh, you were?
Luka: I believed that they'd pull through in the end because of the power of their feelings.
MEIKO: Haha! Talk about being a senior. You really know what your juniors are like, huh?
MEIKO: At the same time, I stand to learn a lot from you.
Luka: Again, MEIKO, stop putting me on a pedestal. You're just as important to them, you know?
MEIKO: Oh, it must be true coming from you!
Luka: Okay, I get it.
MEIKO: Oh, that reminds me... There's something I want to ask you, Luka.
Luka: Hm? Yes?
MEIKO: Of course, it's about the girls.
MEIKO: I was joking about that “senior” bit just now, but you and Miku have known them longer than I have.
MEIKO: So I've been meaning to ask more about what they're like.
Luka: I'll answer as best I can.
MEIKO: Thanks! About Ichika... I was totally blown away by her.
MEIKO: For example, she's the one who invited Hanano and her brother to see another show, right?
Luka: Yes, I heard that as well.
MEIKO: Wow. I was under the impression that Saki would be the one to act first since this had to do with a pair of siblings...
MEIKO: This must be right out of “The Legend of Ichi the Mighty”...
Luka: Hehe. Did Saki tell you about that?
MEIKO: No, Miku told me. Apparently, Ichika used to be the bold and daring type.
MEIKO: Like the time when she used her textbook as an umbrella to keep Saki from getting wet, or the time she jumped in to save Honami from some mean boys.
Luka: True. But she's still pretty bold and daring now, no?
Luka: I heard that she saved this girl from some aggressive solicitors just the other day.
MEIKO: Yeah, I heard that too. As reliable as ever, huh?
Luka: Yes, she really is.
Luka: She may regain more of these wonderful qualities as her resolve continues to build, and blossom into this shining symbol of hope...
Luka: That's why I can't wait to see how Ichika as we know her develops moving forward.
MEIKO: Yes, me too.
MEIKO: However, I can't believe you're telling me all this. You must really be in a mood to talk today, Luka.
Luka: Oh, you think so? If that's the case...
Luka: This song may be the reason why.
(Black cut)
