430_Megurine Luka (WxS)_R4 What Do Kappas Like? (event_58)

Gacha phrase: Kappas like green foods...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Luka: Mhm...
MEIKO: Aha! There you are, Luka! So this is where you've been sleeping.
Luka: Oh, MEIKO. Mind if I borrow your lap?
MEIKO: I never said anything about that. Also, you hardly ever wake up on demand like this.
Luka: The thing is... I haven't been able to sleep much lately.
Luka: Zzz... See? I just can't seem to fall asleep.
MEIKO: What?! But you've always been able to fall into a deep slumber given ten seconds!
MEIKO: Why didn't you tell me this sooner? Are you okay? Do you not feel well?
Luka: No, I don't think I'm sick or anything.
Luka: However... I've been getting this strange feeling in my chest whenever I try to fall asleep.
MEIKO: A strange feeling...? Hmm... You certainly don't seem sick or unwell...
MEIKO: Is something on your mind by chance?
Luka: On my mind?
Luka: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Luka: Hmm... Something you want to say, but can't... That's a tricky one...
Luka: But you told us about it, didn't you, Rui...?
Rui: Well...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO: I see... You're worried about Rui.
Luka: That time, Rui said that he was able to tell us about what was going on because we're fellow show performers.
Luka: But... Aren't the others on the cheer squad also his fellow performers?
Luka: I sure hope he finds a way to break the spell that prevents him from being open with anyone other than Emu, us or the others before the Sports Festival... 
MEIKO: Me too... Wait, hang on! The Sports Festival's today!
Luka: Oh, it is?
MEIKO: KAITO and the others must be getting ready to head over now, so we're going to see if this so called spell's been broken too!
Luka: Okay! Thank you, MEIKO.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama High School - Campus]

Announcer: Great work during the events, everyone! We will now be announcing how things currently stand.
Announcer: Following that, it'll be time for Kamiyama High School's famed cheering competition. We will be passing out voting slips to everybody watching, so please make sure you get one.
Luka: (Oh wow. Look at all the people. It really is a festival.)
Luka: (Hm...?)
Male Student A: Oh, they're about to announce the standings. I bet the red team's in first right now!
Male Student B: Maybe, but the green team's also been doing pretty well. Plus, the cheering competition's right after this!
Luka: (Hehe. They're all smiling and having so much fun. But this bunch seems...)
Female Student A: I'm so sorry for tripping back there...!
Female Student B: No, it's okay! That wouldn't have happened if only I'd passed the sash to you better during the relay.
Female Student C: Alright, enough negative talk! You guys still managed to get second because you stuck it out until the end, right?
Female Student A: Right! Thanks...!
Luka: (Hehe. That's nice...)
Luka: (Oh...? My chest... It feels warm...)
Luka: <Hmm...>
Miku (WxS): <Whoa! It's almost time for the cheering competition! I'm getting super duper excited☆>
Rui: Ah, Miku... Hello.
KAITO: <Hey, you shouldn't jump out like that. What if someone sees you?>
Miku (WxS): <Sorry! I can't wait to see the cheering competition because Rui worked so hard on it!>
Luka: <Zzz...♪ Zzz...♪>
MEIKO: <Hey, Luka! Wake up!>
Luka: <Mhm?>
MEIKO: <Don't give me that... We were definitely about to lose you there. What happened to you having trouble falling asleep?>
Luka: <Hehe. But it looks like everybody's having so much fun.>
Luka: (Also...)
Rui: Hehe. Thank you. I promise to do what I can to meet your expectations.
Luka: (Has Rui...?)
(Black cut)
Announcer: Here are the current standings...
Rin: <Okay...>
Announcer: The red team is in the lead by a large margin with the green team trailing behind and the blue team in last.
Miku (WxS): <Oh no! Rui and the blue team are in trouble!>
Rui: Yes, it's rather unfortunate. However...
Rui: This may make things just that much more interesting.
KAITO: <Hehe. You have that look on your face, Rui. I'm looking forward to what you have in store for us during the cheering competition.>
MEIKO: <Hehe. You seem just as happy, Luka.>
Luka: <Yes, that's because...>
Luka: <It looks like Rui found a way to break that spell.>
Luka: (Hehe. I can't wait to see what kind of performance Rui and his friends have in store for us.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Luka: Hehe. It's such a lovely day for a nap...
Luka: Shall I sleep on the grass? Or doze off in one of the coffee cups as it spins me around?
Luka: Oh? That must be...
Tsukasa: Ah, Luka! Hello!
Emu: Hi, Luka! We came to visit☆
Luka: Hello, everyone... Zzz...
Tsukasa: What?! She fell asleep while standing!
(Black cut)
Luka: Huh? You're going to watch the Sports Festival?
Nene: Yeah. The broadcasting club took a commemorative video, so we decided to have a watch party.
Rui: Also, Emu wasn't able to make it because of her own club activities.
Rui: Luka, you and the others had to stay hidden from everyone else, so I'm sure there are some events that you didn't really get a chance to see.
Luka: That's true...
Tsukasa: Hahaha. Be glad that I was able to get my classmate from the broadcasting committee to obtain a copy of said video!
Len: Hey, they're already here!
MEIKO: Have you guys started the watch party already?
Tsukasa: Oh, Len! Everyone! No, we haven't started yet.
Miku (WxS): Thanks for waiting! We're all set for the watch party♪
Rin: Yay. I can't wait to see it.
Emu: Me neither♪
KAITO: Hehe. In that case, let's play it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Announcer: The Kamiyama High School Sports Festival has begun! Our opening event is turning into a heated battle for first place between the red and blue teams!
An: You can do it, Mizuki!
Tsukasa: You've got this, Akito!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: Hey, I know him! He was in the flash mob for that wedding!
MEIKO: Oh, he was? He's such a fast runner!
Luka: Yes. My legs would get all twisted and tangled if I tried to run like that.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Announcer: Alright, the mixed ball toss is usually a drama-filled event each year, and it looks like the green team's having a bit of a tough go at it!
An: Yeah! That's another!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: Wait, they were in the flash mob too!
KAITO: Huh? Who are they?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (WxS): Look, it's Nene! You can do it!
Emu: That one was so close! I'm sure you'll get the next one!
Nene: Thanks, you two. But you know this is a video, right...?
Emu: You're right! I forgot!
Luka & MEIKO: Hehe.
Luka: (That's so strange. It's not like Emu, the others or I participated in the Sports Festival, but we're all getting really excited.)
(Black cut)
Emu: Wow...! You guys' performance was so good, Tsukasa!
KAITO: Yes. Despite being a video, it still felt incredibly powerful.
MEIKO: I agree. And the green team had to follow that up... Pretty tough break, huh?
Rin: Hey, look! The blue team's performance is about to start!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Blue Squad Captain: For the blue teeeaaam!!
Students: What?! Wait... The rooftop?!
Students: It's the Captain of the blue team! The other squad members are by the classroom windows too... What are they all doing there...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Th-They jumped! Cool!
Tsukasa: Yes, that part really caught everyone by surprise. Not only that, they used the building as a projection screen.
Nene: Pulling out all the stops to make sure they were able to put on the best performance possible is a very Rui thing to do.
Rui: Hehe. All I did was think of this idea. I have my fellow squad members to thank for actually going through with it.
Luka: Rui...
Luka: Oh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Luka: (Hehe. The Rui in the video has such a beautiful smile on his face.)
Luka: *Yawn*
Luka: MEIKO, mind if I borrow your lap? Yes, of course...
MEIKO: Huh? Luka? I didn't say you could.
Luka's Voice (Luka): Zzz...
MEIKO: Oh, you...
Miku (WxS): Huh? Did Luka fall asleep?
MEIKO: Yes, but...
Luka: Hehehe...
MEIKO: She seems very happy, so why don't we just let her be?
Miku (WxS): Yeah, okay☆
(Black cut)
