461_Megurine Luka (N25)_R3 Support Under The Blazing Sun (event_63)

Gacha phrase: It's sad to see it end so soon.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kanade Yoisaki, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Empty SEKAI]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kanade: I just want to be able to compose a song that can save people... I need to do everything I can to achieve that...
(White cut)
Kanade: That's my goal... That's what I have to compose...
(White cut)
Minori: Kanade...! Would it be alright for me to give you my support?
(White cut)
Minori: Um... In my case... If I keep pushing myself after deciding to do something, I start getting really tired.
Minori: So, if you think you need it, Kanade, even if things get really tough or difficult, I want to give you my support in a way that helps you move forward...
Kanade: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka: (I kept an eye on how Kanade was doing all day, but it was very interesting to see her give exercising a try even though she's not very used to it.)
Luka: (Also...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kanade: But I was told by one of them today that they wanted to “see me smile”, and how everyone in N25 probably feels the same way.
Kanade: I was kind of startled since it was the first time I'd ever been told anything like that. However...
Kanade: If what they said is true... If they all feel that way...
Kanade: I'll take what you said into closer consideration, Luka, and think more about how I'm doing.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka: (If she thinks more about how she herself is doing...)
Luka: (If Kanade begins doing that... I wonder how it'll affect the music she composes.)
Luka: (I'm looking forward to seeing that change.)
Luka: Hehe...
Luka: Oh? It's rare of you to come to meet me yourself, MEIKO.
MEIKO: You've been grinning for a while now... Just what exactly are you scheming this time?
Luka: Me? Scheming?
Rin: Were you sitting by yourself and grinning again, Luka...?
Miku (N25): Did something fun happen...?
Luka: What do you mean “grinning”? I was crying just now because something very sad happened.
Miku & Len: What...?
Miku (N25): Is that true...? I'm sorry, I didn't know.
Len: M-Me neither...
Rin: Don't fall for that... I guarantee that she's lying.
Miku & Len: What...?
Luka: Rin, you're so mean. I was just joking.
MEIKO: *Sigh* How's that supposed to be fun?
Luka: Of course it's fun. We're close friends enjoying a little bit of playful banter.
MEIKO: I'm not sure this actually amounts to “banter”...
Rin: *Sigh* Let's move over there, Miku, Len.
Luka: Oh, you don't want to hear the story about how I saw Kanade struggling to stand up while wearing rollerblades like a newborn fawn?
Miku (N25): A newborn fawn...?
Len: Rollerblades...?
Rin: Now that you mention it, you've been gone from SEKAI all day. Did you go off to see Kanade during that time...?
Luka: Yes, I did. I was told that Kanade and Ena would be going out for a walk today.
Luka: I can't believe they went from that to rollerblading, playing bubble sumo and some other things.
Rin: Bubble sumo? What kind of “bubble”?
Luka: Hehe. Would you like to hear more?
Rin: Sure, as long as you stay on topic...
MEIKO: I'll be going now...
Luka: Oh, that's unfortunate...
Luka: Alright, I'll tell the rest of you about all the things I saw Kanade do today.
Luka: Hehe.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: We're here♪
Luka: Oh, hello.
Len: Hm...? Where's Mafuyu...?
Kanade: She won't be able to make it because of cram school.
Len: I see...
Ena: So, why did you ask us to gather here in SEKAI? Did something happen?
Luka: Yes, I have an important favor to ask.
Mizuki: An important favor?
Luka: We'd like to try exercising.
Mizuki: Y-You want to exercise?
Miku (N25): So, Kanade, we heard that you and Ena were able to exercise quite a bit at a place called “SpoJoy Park”...
Kanade: Oh, I see. That explains why you want to try exercising all of a sudden...
Ena: I mean, that's great and all, but how do you want to go about actually exercising? We don't have what we need for rollerblading, bubble sumo or strike zone here...
Len: Yeah, I guess this is a bit sudden...
Rin: Ena, you made them cry.
Ena: N-No, I didn't! Don't yank my chain like that!
Kanade: Hmm... We may not have the equipment for those things... So, how about a walk?
Rin: That's fine, but I prefer something more fun...
Ena: So it's not fine.
Mizuki: We have this many people here... Hmm... Something fun... Like tag?
Mizuki: Oh, how about zombie tag?
Len: What's that?
Mizuki: Normally, you'll switch who's it each time you get tagged. However, with zombie tag, you don't switch. If you get tagged, you also get to be it♪
Mizuki: And the game usually ends when we all become zombies, so to speak.
Mizuki: Or we can set a time limit and declare whoever didn't get tagged the winners. But if the zombies get everyone, they win!
Miku (N25): That sounds like fun.
Luka: Hehe. Okay, I believe we have a plan. Oh, I can start as the first zombie if nobody else wants to.
Kanade: Really? Are you sure...?
Luka: Yes, I'll do my best to get all of you.
Ena: W-Wait... This seems bad... Almost as bad as making someone like Mafuyu be it first...
Luka: There should also be a limit in terms of how far you can all run. For example...
Luka: See the four truss towers that are around us? Why don't we make it so you can all run around and hide as long as you stay within those boundaries?
Mizuki: Yeah! That should be just right for the numbers we have!
Mizuki: And I'll set a timer on my phone... Luka, come and get us after you finish counting to ten!
Luka: Okay.
(Black cut)
Len: (Okay, that's ten seconds... Where could Luka be...?)
Luka's Voice (Luka): Oh, Mafuyu, when did you get here? Good timing too. We were just playing a game together.
Miku & Len: Mafuyu's here? Huh? Mafuyu?
Kanade: Are you all done with cram school? Huh? Wait... Where's Mafuyu?
Rin: She was obviously lying... Honestly, they fell for that?
Ena: Well, they're all the honest type... 
Mizuki: Unlike a certain someone...
Ena: Excuse me?!
Luka: Hehe. Found you.
Rin & Ena: Oh...
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Woohoo! And the winner is... Me♪
Ena: I-I totally forgot how fast you are, Mizuki...
Miku (N25): Huff... Huff...
Kanade: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Rin: I-It was a good workout...
Len: But it was just us chasing after Mizuki...
Rin: Also, Luka, you didn't help at all in the end.
Luka: Because it turned out to be so different from what I originally imagined.
Luka: I was under the impression that everyone would become suspicious of who was it and try to play their cards right. 
Mizuki: Oh, were you hoping that you'd get to observe how things unfolded as the game went on?
Luka: Yes. Alas, I went a little overboard and ended up finding more people than I was expecting...
Luka: Anyway, who's up for round two? I promise to find all of you much slower.
Kanade & Co.: I'll pass... No way...!
Mizuki: Haha...
Luka: Oh, that's unfortunate.
Luka: Then, let's play again the next chance we get. Hehehe...
(Black cut)
