490_Megurine Luka (N25)_R2 Choosing To Wait (event_68)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: And that was the first music video I'd ever made...
Miku (N25): I see...
Luka: So you discovered the music Kanade and Mafuyu had made, as well as Ena's art, during a time when you didn't want to go to school?
Miku (N25): Why didn't you want to go to school, Mizuki...?
Luka: ...
Luka: (I suppose she couldn't help but ask.)
Luka: (Which is only natural... Mizuki goes to school only when absolutely necessary, while talking about it like everything is normal.)
Luka: (Which means whatever issue Mizuki was dealing with before still hasn't been resolved...)
Luka: (However...)
Mizuki: Why...? Well, a lot of reasons... Most of all, it just felt like such a drag...
Miku (N25): I see...
Luka: (I'm guessing we would've gotten a real answer if whatever this issue is had already been resolved...)
Luka: And what happened after you sent Ena that message...?
Mizuki: Oh, after I sent it...
(Black cut)
Mizuki: See you again, Miku, Luka.
Miku (N25): See you... Thank you for telling us that story, Mizuki, Ena...
Ena: You're welcome. We'll see you later.
Luka: We were treated to a very interesting story today...
Miku (N25): It was nice to learn more about everyone.
Luka: I agree. However, it also raised more questions.
Miku (N25): Is this about Mizuki...?
Luka: Yes... Remember when you asked Mizuki about not wanting to go to school, Miku?
Miku (N25): Yes... There were a lot of reasons and it became too much of a drag...
Miku (N25): Are you wondering what Mizuki meant by “a lot of reasons”, Luka...?
Luka: Yes. Well, there's that, and...
Luka: Mizuki gave us a fairly quick answer and didn't seem to think much about what to say.
Luka: I can't get that out of my mind. It felt like Mizuki was giving us a preprogrammed response to your question.
Miku (N25): Pre...?
Luka: Like how you teach a robot to move and behave.
Luka: But I understand your confusion. To be a little more precise...
Luka: After being asked the same question so many times, instead of going through the trouble of coming up with something to say each time, one may rather use a boilerplate response, like a robot.
Luka: Mizuki's response was so brief... On the surface, it sounded like Mizuki meant it. But upon closer inspection, it felt like a preprogrammed response.
Luka: At least, that's what I heard.
Miku (N25): Oh, I see...
Luka: Hehe. I may be reading into things too much.
Luka: However, I'm also convinced that we won't know how Mizuki actually feels unless we do.
Miku (N25): Right. I think I know what you mean...
Miku (N25): But I'm still a bit surprised...
Luka: Hm?
Miku (N25): Because you didn't ask Mizuki anything, even though you always seem to have a lot going through your head...
Luka: Yes, well...
Luka: (I may've asked something if I hadn't overheard what MEIKO told Ena that one time.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

MEIKO: Feel better through talking...
MEIKO: Would that actually work?
Ena: Huh?
MEIKO: Sometimes, talking can make things worse.
Ena: Make things worse? What do you mean...?
(White cut)
Ena: You must've already been aware of how Mizuki felt about talking, MEIKO, and how it probably wouldn't have helped.
MEIKO: I haven't actually talked to Mizuki about this, so I don't actually know for certain...
Ena: That's fine.
Ena: Because of what you said, MEIKO, I've decided to be patient and wait until Mizuki's ready to talk.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Luka: (She'll wait until Mizuki's ready to talk...)
Luka: (Ena's decision gives Mizuki less inclination to actually say anything.)
Luka: (I can't say if that's a good or bad thing for Mizuki... However, for some reason, it seems like there's been progress...)
Luka: (Could it be because Mizuki never really met anyone until this point who was willing to simply wait?)
Luka: (That may be why it feels like things haven't stagnated.)
Luka: Hehe...
Luka: (People are so interesting... Mafuyu in particular, but also Mizuki, Kanade and Ena.)
Luka: (I'm looking forward to seeing where their choices take them.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Empty SEKAI]

Kanade: Okay, I'll play it now...
(Black cut)
Luka: I thought your next song was going to be good after hearing the rough draft of it the other day, but you found a way to make it even better.
Kanade: Thank you.
Kanade: I did get stuck a few times, but I'm hoping this is enough for all of you to get started on everything else...
Ena: Yeah, I'll get to work on my rough draft once I get back.
Mafuyu: I'd like to hear more about what this song's about...
Kanade: Okay.
Kanade: Oh, before I forget... Mizuki, thank you for inviting me out to that cafe the other day.
Rin: What cafe...?
Ena: We decided to try going to a cafe to work as a little change of pace.
Luka: I see.
Mizuki: Yeah, and it was the first time we got to see how we all work! It felt like a totally new perspective.
Mafuyu: But Kanade had trouble focusing because of everyone else that was there...
Kanade: Right...
Kanade: However, after I returned home and got back to work, I figured out the part I was stuck at, so I think it was worth the trip.
Mizuki: Really? You said before that you enjoyed it, but I feel a lot better knowing that it actually helped.
Len: So... What was it like to work on stuff at a cafe...?
Miku (N25): You always work on a computer, right, Kanade? Did you take that with you?
Kanade: Oh, no. I just took my notebook and wrote music in that.
Kanade: Mafuyu worked on her phone and notepad...
Mafuyu: Yes...
Ena: We brought tablets and worked using those...
Luka: Working on your music at a cafe. Hehe...
Rin: You're snickering. Is it that interesting...?
Luka: Oh? Don't you find it interesting, Rin?
Luka: You were the second to arrive here, so I was under the impression that you'd have a better feel for things than me.
Rin: A better feel? Of what...?
MEIKO: How things have been changing...?
Luka: Yes, precisely.
Luka: Knowing what they were like when you first arrived here, Rin, could you have seen them going to a cafe together to work on their music?
Rin: Hmm...
Rin: No, I guess not...
Luka: See?
Luka: One thing after another seems to have led to them understanding one another better and bringing about a more relaxed atmosphere.
Luka: I can't say if they realize this.
Luka: But their actions appear to be leading to change, and they're having fun in the process.
Rin: You think so? As for me... I'm not really sure what's good or bad, or fun for that matter...
Rin: There's a possibility that the change they're experiencing doesn't lead to a happy ending.
Luka: Hehe. That's very thoughtful of you.
Rin: You're just not very nice, Luka.
Luka: Oh? It makes my heart ache when I see the others in pain.
Rin: Uh huh...
MEIKO: ...
MEIKO: I don't know if this is related at all, but you seem to be changing as well.
Luka: Oh, me...?
MEIKO: Remember what you said when you first arrived here? About wanting to break the status quo?
Luka: Oh, that hasn't changed one bit. However, I don't see the need to actively pursue that right now.
MEIKO: So, in essence, you've learned to heel...?
Rin: Then... Good girl, Luka.
Luka: Hehe. You two are so mean.
Luka: However... Just watching what they do has been very interesting.
Luka: This place is like a gift that keeps on giving.
(Black cut)
