510_Megurine Luka_R4 Recounting To Your Feelings

Gacha phrase: I wonder what will be born...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Megurine Luka)

[Between Worlds]

Luka: It sounds like...someone's singing.
Luka: Hehe. I think it's Miku and the others from one of the SEKAI.
Luka: I can feel the emotions pouring out of their song. It must have been reborn from Untitled.
Luka: SEKAI are born from feelings and true feelings give birth to songs...
Luka: And by singing those songs, we're able to connect those feelings no matter how far they are.
Luka: It's not very often you come across something so wonderful.
Luka: I think I'll join in and sing along to this song.
???: ...
Luka: Hm? I think I heard someone speak just now...
Luka: It's coming from that SEKAI...
Luka: (That SEKAI looks quite dark. And that voice I heard... It sounded like Miku...)
Luka: I should probably go and have a quick look.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Luka: So this is the SEKAI.
Luka: (It's very chilly here. It looks like the middle of some forest...)
Luka: (I'm pretty sure it was Miku's presence I felt before... But it looks like neither I nor the others are here...)
Luka: (Untitled has yet to turn into its own song... Which means the person who holds these feelings...)
Luka: ...
Luka: ...nothing. I can't sense anything.
Luka: (But with the way this SEKAI looks and how it was formed, it's strange that it's not emitting any emotions...)
Luka: (Maybe it's cause they haven't visited this SEKAI in a very long time.)
Luka: (That means the Miku in this SEKAI has always been all alone...)
Luka: I can see something over there. I should take a look.
Luka: So this is what I saw.
Luka: Hmm... It looks like an egg but it's as hard as stone.
Luka: And there's so many of them all around here.
Luka: Why eggs...
Luka: Maybe this person is an artist or a creator of some sort. It looks like they were trying to make something...
Luka: But then why are they in the shape of eggs as opposed to the finished products themselves?
Luka: These eggs could symbolize the beginnings of those works, but...
Luka: There's just too many things that don't make sense.
Luka: I feel nothing. Anything about the person who bears these feelings or even the emotions that birthed this SEKAI... I can't feel any of it.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000122/bg_s000122.png)
Luka: I wonder what was supposed to come from these eggs...
Luka: (They're so cold... I guess that's to be expected since they've turned into stone...)
Luka: Oh... There's a finely carved design here. If I didn't touch it, I wouldn't have noticed.
Luka: I'm not sure what this person was trying to create, but... I'm sure they were very attentive and deliberate in every step of the way.
Luka: And this egg must've been filled with passion and warmth during that time...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Luka: ...
Luka: (I don't want to bother Miku and the others that live in other SEKAI when I visit, so I usually try not to overstay my welcome, but...)
Luka: (Is there really no way for me to get a sense of any of the emotions that formed this SEKAI?)
???: ...
Luka: *Gasp*
Luka: I think I saw someone just now...
Luka: Could it be...the Miku of this SEKAI?
Luka: ...
Luka: (For every SEKAI, it's Miku's role to guide the owner of these feelings while the rest of us try to not interfere as much as possible.)
Luka: (But maybe there was a reason why I heard her voice, which led me here.)
Luka: I want to know a little more about this SEKAI and the owner of these feelings...
Luka: Miku. I'll be exploring this SEKAI for a little longer.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Megurine Luka)

[???]

Luka: There are a lot of eggs that turned into stone around here too.
Luka: They all look the same as the ones back there, and are just as carefully crafted.
Luka: But...
Luka: (All of the eggs before looked like they were placed, whereas these ones looked like they were randomly tossed around here.)
Luka: (Almost as though they were thrown away...)
Luka: Could this be some sort of manifestation of the owner's feelings?
Luka: What's this? There's more eggs over there.
Luka: Oh... This egg is cracked...
Luka: (Actually, no it's not...)
Luka: (It was broken...)
Luka: (All of the eggs around it look like they were broken too.)
Luka: (And there's...no more eggs beyond this path...)
Luka: ...
Luka: I can't sense any emotions so this is just an assumption, but...
Luka: I think the owner of these feelings probably experienced some sort of setback or failure.
Luka: And that's why they can't bring themselves to try making anything again...
Luka: There were countless eggs scattered on the way here.
Luka: This person had taken the time and effort to carefully craft so many works and yet...
Luka: Maybe... All of them went unnoticed and never came to fruition. Then all that's left is for them to turn into cold stone.
Luka: I can't begin to imagine...
Luka: What this person must have been feeling...
Luka: (What made them so frustrated, so stressed and so upset that they felt the need to destroy these eggs like this...)
Luka: ...
Luka: This is awful.
Luka: If my assumption is correct, then there should be some powerful emotions lingering here...
Luka: (But maybe so much time has passed that those feelings faded away to the point where we can barely sense them anymore.)
Luka: (If that's the case... How long has Miku from this SEKAI been alone...)
???: ...
Luka: Just now...
Luka: (Do they want me to follow them?)
Luka: I understand. I'll go where you go.
(Black cut)
Luka: This is quite an open space.
Luka: (There's a row of small stones here and they're all evenly spaced out... Are those flowers and more broken eggs?)
Luka: This looks like some sort of cemetery to bury the eggs...
Luka: *Gasp* Does this mean that the owner of these feelings has already...
???: ...
Luka: Oh...
Luka: (There's still more over there.)
Luka: What's this? There's an egg here... It looks smaller in comparison to the others, but...
Luka: *Gasp* This one isn't cracked nor has it turned into stone!
Luka: It's warm too...
Luka: I see... I'm so relieved.
Luka: The owner of these feelings... They're still...
Luka: Oh... There are flower buds surrounding only this egg. I wonder if Miku planted them here.
Luka: I hope the feelings that this egg bears will come to fruition much like how these sprouting buds will someday bloom into flowers.
Luka: Oh precious egg, there's someone here who's patiently waiting for you to hatch.
Luka: So for their sake... I hope you join us soon.
Luka: You want to come into this world too, right?
Luka: That's why you're still so small and full of warmth.
Luka: (I wonder if this person knows that there's still some feelings lingering here.)
Luka: (Since this SEKAI and these emotions haven't disappeared, and Miku is still waiting... Would they ever come back?)
Luka: (I knew there was a reason why I heard Miku's voice and was led to this SEKAI.)
Luka: (That's what I think. And I hope it's true.)
Luka: (So...)
Luka: (For Miku of this SEKAI, for the feelings that got left behind...)
Luka: (And for the owner of these feelings...!)
Luka: ————♪ ————♪
Luka: (Your precious feelings are still here.)
Luka: (They are waiting here with Miku for you to return.)
Luka: (Once feelings and SEKAI are born, they'll never disappear. That's because they are a part of you.)
Luka: (Even if you forget all about them, and even if you thought you've lost them...)
Luka: (They are still here.)
Luka: ————♪ ————♪
Luka: (As long as your feelings are here and together with Miku, there's no such thing as “too late”.)
Luka: (So please, someway or somehow...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Luka: (I hope this reaches you...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

???: ————♪ ————♪
Passerby: That song just now...
(White cut)
