553_Megurine Luka (VBS)_R4 Hurry To Your Teammate! (event_79)

Gacha phrase: Toya! It's an emergency!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Christmas Eve]

[Crase Cafe]

Luka: Humhumhuum♪ Humhumhuum♪ Christmas Eve is here♪
Miku (VBS): You're humming, Luka. I take it that you're in a good mood.
Luka: Because we're having a party on Christmas Eve! You're excited about it too, right, Miku?
Miku (VBS): Yes, I am. By the way...
Miku (VBS): The Santa decoration you're trying to put up looks a bit crooked, no?
Luka: Hm? Hmm... I think he looks cute. It's like he's inquisitively tilting his head.
Miku (VBS): Okay...?
Rin's Voice (Rin): Len, no. That long, twisty, sparkly one needs to be wrapped around the tree.
Len: I know. That's why I'm wrapping it like... Wait, it keeps looping around the same part for some reason...
Rin: No, you won't reach the bottom if you don't wrap it at a slight angle. Gimme that!
Rin: You tilt it a bit in the beginning and...
Rin: Huh...? U-Uhh... It keeps slipping...
Len: See what I mean?! I couldn't get it to hook for some reason.
Rin: Why is that? Can't we fix this somehow?
Rin & Len: Hmm...
Luka: Haha. Look, Santa's elves are also tilting their heads.
Miku (VBS): Okay, good for you. I'm going to help out over there, so try to straighten Santa up in the meantime.
Luka: You're no fun...
(Black cut)
Miku (VBS): *Nod* That should do it.
Rin & Len: We're done!!!
Luka: We've also finished putting up all our decorations.
MEIKO: Nice work, everyone. The food's just about ready.
KAITO: As per your requests, we've made pizza and soup! Come get it while it's hot.
KAITO: Naturally, we also have a cake ready!
Luka: Oh, this is turning into a nice Christmas Eve feast! Everyone, get your drinks ready!
Miku (VBS): Are we all ready?
Rin: Yeah, we're all set!
MEIKO: Hehe. Then...
Everyone: Merry Christmas!
Luka: *Glug* Ahh...!
Luka: The fact that we get to have a party on Christmas Eve and a party on Christmas Day makes this such a wonderful time of year!
MEIKO: We're having two because a certain someone said they wanted to, right?
Luka: Haha. I wonder who that could be♪
MEIKO: Oh, you...
KAITO: Still, if they hadn't, I have a feeling that someone else would've suggested that we do.
Luka: I agree completely! See? KAITO understands!
(Black cut)
KAITO: Now, who would like some cake?
Rin: Me! I would!
KAITO: Okay, just give me one moment!
Luka: You sound more excited than before, KAITO.
Miku (VBS): Hm? Isn't that because he wants to have some cake?
MEIKO: Hehe. Yes, there is that... But just sit back and watch.
KAITO: Thank you for your patience! I'll start cutting it now... Here should do.
KAITO: Yes, perfect! Everyone, please look at where I just cut it!
Len: Whoa, that's so cool! It looks like tulips!
Rin: Oh, I got it! You used strawberries and kiwis for these, right?
KAITO: Correct! We carefully placed strawberries and kiwis in certain spots to have the cross sections appear as tulips when cut properly.
MEIKO: I'm glad it worked, KAITO, since we had to be very precise in terms of angles and placement.
KAITO: Yes, I couldn't be happier. Now to actually have some of it!
Rin: But it's so cute. It seems a shame to eat it.
Luka: Haha. If you don't want your slice, Rin, then I'll have it.
Rin: What?! No way! I'm gonna eat it if you're planning on stealing it from me!
Everyone: Haha! Hehe.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Luka: Ready, everyone?
Luka: Merry Christmas!
Everyone: Merry Christmas!
Kohane: Thank you for inviting us to your Christmas party, MEIKO.
MEIKO: I'm glad you're here, but also sorry. You were all just having a party at An and her father's place, yes?
Toya: There's no need to apologize since that party had just wrapped up. Also, we did promise to partake in this one.
Luka: Yes, you did! I'm certainly glad that you kept your promise.
Miku (VBS): By the way, did you all enjoy your other party?
An: Yeah! We got to have these special Christmas honey waffles! You should've seen how happy Akito looked!
Akito: Hey, I wasn't the only one.
Rin & Len: Haha!
KAITO: The pizza's ready! It's very hot, so please be careful!
(Black cut)
Luka: (Now seems like a good time...)
Luka: Everyone, it's time to start the bingo tournament! Please feel free to keep eating while we play!
Kohane, An, Rin & Len: Okay!
Luka: The rules are simple! Each time someone gets a bingo, they get to choose one of the presents on the table to take home!
Toya: Luka, you and the others will be choosing from the presents we brought, while we choose from yours, yes?
Luka: Correct♪ Oh, but no peeking. It'll be more fun if we keep everything a secret♪
KAITO: Interesting. Bingo already requires a certain amount of luck, but which presents we get in the end will be dictated by that as well.
Miku (VBS): At the same time, I feel kind of bad since you won't be able to use what we got for you outside of here.
Kohane: But you all put a lot of thought into these, right? I really can't wait to see what you got for us!
Luka: (I'm sure they'll be pleasantly surprised when they see that we included some coupons for unlimited toppings.)
Luka: Anyway, let's start playing bingo!!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Our next number is...“14”.
Luka: Oh, another hit for me♪
Miku (VBS): Same here. Next is a “1”.
Luka: A “1”... Oh, here! I'm just one away from bingo♪
Len: What?! Luka, you have every number that's been called so far?
An: Miku's also doing pretty well. The race is on between her and Luka!
Toya: Next, we have a...“6”.
Luka: “6”... Oh, look at that! I'm one away on two lines now!
KAITO: You're kidding, right?! I'm so far behind...
Kohane: You seem to be having trouble too, Shinonome.
Akito: Zero hits so far. At this rate, I might take home a clean card...
Miku (VBS): Next is a “3”...? Oh, bingo.
Luka: No! You beat me by a nose!
Luka: (I only need a “30” or “27” too...!)
(Black cut)
KAITO: I did it! I finally got a bingo!
Kohane: That just leaves Luka and Shinonome...
Len: What happened Luka? You were the closest to winning in the beginning.
Luka: That's what I want to know! I only need a “30” or “27”!
Akito: I need a “13”...
Luka: No, I don't want to finish last!
Miku (VBS): You can only take the presents that are left, so you're both already sort of in last place.
KAITO: Haha. Then, this will determine who finishes truly last.
Luka & Akito: Don't say it like that! Please don't put it like that!
MEIKO: I'll draw the next number. Let's see... It's thir...
Luka: *Gasp* “30”?!
MEIKO: Nope. “13”.
Akito: Yes! Bingo!
Rin: Congratulations, Luka! You finish in last place!
Luka: How can I feel happy about that...?!
MEIKO: But you still get a present. You never know. There could be something good inside.
Luka: T-True... I guess I'll try opening it.
Akito: Me too...
Akito: Coupons? For unlimited toppings...?!
KAITO: Oh, Akito got them! As written, you can have whatever toppings you like for coffee or pancakes.
Toya: That's nice... Congratulations, Akito.
Akito: Yeah, wow...
Luka: I got... Shoes with springs?
An: They're a pair of Hopper Kings. You can jump really high when you wear them!
Luka: Oh, that sounds like fun! I think I'll give them a try right now.
MEIKO: Not here. You'll throw dust into the air, and I don't want that to get on everyone's food and the cake. If you're going to try them out, do it outside.
Luka: Okay.
Luka: (But these do look like fun! I can't wait to try them out♪)
(Black cut)
