582_Megurine Luka_RB Happy Anniversary! 2024

Gacha phrase: I'm going to keep expressing myself in song.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Shibuya Park]

Kohane & An: ♪——————
Akito & Toya: ♪——————
(Black cut)
An: Phew... Shall we take a break? We have sung for a while now.
Akito: Yeah, I think we're at a good place to.
??? (Luka): <Hey you guys!>
Akito: Hm? That voice...
Luka: <It's me! I see that you're all working as hard as usual.>
Kohane: Luka! Hello!
Toya: What brings you here? Did something happen?
Luka: <Not exactly, but something's about to happen!>
Luka: <I've actually come to invite you all to my anniversary party!>
Kohane: Wow! Really? Thank you so much!
Akito: Oh, that's right. It's next week.
Luka: <Exactly! It's gonna be over at MEIKO's place, so I'd love for you all to be there.>
An: Of course we'll be there! With gifts too!
Kohane: Hehe. Especially as we have a lot to thank you for.
Toya: Yes. If it weren't for what you said that time we went camping, I'm not sure what would've happened.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Luka: <Hehe. I think you're selling yourself too short.>
Luka: <I believe everyone possesses some sort of “unique talent”.>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Luka: <What you're doing now is no different. I have a feeling that you'll find what you're good at once you've had a chance to learn the basics.>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: Thanks to your words, I was able to realize what I could contribute to the team. I am truly grateful.
Akito: And when I was confronted by those guys from Shepard, you went to get Toya and the others, right?
Akito: Thank you very much for doing that, Luka.
Luka: <Oh yes, those things did happen, didn't they?>
Luka: <All I did was do and say what I thought and felt was right at the time.>
Luka: <But still, I'm happy to hear that I helped♪>
An: Hehe. I like how you're so chill and relaxed, even at times like those, Luka.
Kohane: Me too. I wish I could be like that since I often get really nervous when something's wrong.
Luka: <Oh, you flatter me. But I am an adult after all♪>
Akito: Do “adults” hide in the alley to scare others?
Luka: <Hm? I have no idea what you're talking about.>
Akito: Don't lie, you definitely do...
Luka: <That reminds me! You said that the me in this world will be doing an anniversary show, right?>
Kohane: Yeah! I saw the teaser video just yesterday.
Luka: <Wait, for real? Can I see it?>
An: Sure, why not? It's pretty short too.
Toya: Since we're all here, why don't we watch it together?
Akito: Yeah, sounds good.
An: Okey dokey! Playing it now!
(Background change)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Len: <Here we go! It's time for...>
Len: <The Luka Luka☆ “Guess That Song” Quiz♪>
Rin: <Woohoo!>
Luka: <For those of you thinking, “Oh no! I clicked on the wrong video!” Don't worry. You have not.>
Luka: <This is the teaser for my upcoming anniversary show.>
Len: <As per Luka's request, we'll be doing something for this teaser video that everyone at home can join in with.>
Rin: <Len must be having fun. I wanted to be the host.>
KAITO: <Well, he did win fair and square in rock paper scissors.>
MEIKO: <Hehe. Can't be helped, so we'll just have to pull our weight during the quiz!>
Miku: <That's right! Good luck with hosting, Len!>
Len: <I got this! Alright, first things first, let's talk about how the quiz works!>
Luka: <I'll start playing an intro to a song that I'll be singing on my anniversary.>
Len: <Yeah! So those who can guess the song right will get a head start on practicing the chant for it!>
Luka: <This is a song that I would love to sing together with you all, so I hope you guess it correctly.>
Rin: <You got it!>
Luka: <Hehe. Alright, then let's start the quiz. Are you ready?>
Luka's Voice (Luka): <Oh, actually wait! Stop the video!>
(Background change)
An: Is something wrong, Luka?
Luka: <Sorry for interrupting all of a sudden.>
Luka: <This song intro quiz sounds really fun, so I was thinking we should do it all together♪>
Kohane: Oh, sorry, Luka. Since An and I have already watched the video, we know the answer...
Luka: <Oh, that's too bad...>
Toya: Actually, Akito and I don't know the answer. The three of us can do the quiz together.
Akito: Wait, I'm doing the quiz too? Alright, fine. I'll do it.
Luka: <Really?! Thanks, Toya, Akito!>
An: Awesome! As soon as you know the song, you've gotta say the name!
Toya: Alright. Understood.
Kohane: Great. I'll unpause the video.
Luka: <Okay! I'm gonna win!>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Luka: Hello everyone! Thank you so much for coming to my anniversary show.
Luka: And hello to everyone watching the stream. Welcome!
Miku: There are so many people here and watching online, all excited to celebrate your anniversary, Luka!
MEIKO: Yes, there are plenty of comments coming in too! Like this one: “The quiz you did in your teaser video was so much fun!”
Luka: Really? I'm so glad they enjoyed it.
Luka: Please look forward to the song from that quiz coming up during the show♪
Luka: To express my gratitude for all of you coming to celebrate my anniversary, I'm going to sing with everything I have.
Luka: Hehe. Without further ado, let my anniversary show...
Everyone: Begin!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: The show has only just started, and the energy just now was already out of this world.
Rin: Of course it was! I mean, Luka's singing was also out of this world! Right, you guys?
Luka: Hehe, thank you!
Luka: In today's show, there will definitely be more songs that are as exciting as the one just now, but...
Luka: I'll actually also be singing songs that I haven't performed much.
Comments: <Really?! Is there a song you'll be performing for the first time?> <I wasn't sure if Luka was gonna sing my fav since it's hard for shows, but today might be the day!>
Luka: I see that you're all excited.
Luka: So many people have let me sing their songs and shared their thoughts and feelings through me over the years.
Luka: But since there are more songs than I can count, there are also a lot that I think you all have yet to hear.
Luka: Which is why I want to sing those songs for you today, so that you get to know them and the different styles of singing I can do.
Miku: When we heard this from Luka, we were all wondering about what different versions of her will we get to see.
KAITO: Hehe. We got really excited thinking about all of the possibilities, didn't we?
MEIKO: Yes, we really did! I got excited thinking about a screaming rockstar Luka, while Len wanted to see a rapper Luka.
Len: Yeah! I bet Luka would be so cool rapping!
Miku: That reminds me of what side of Luka Rin said she wanted to see. I was surprised.
Rin: Oh, yeah, I wanted to see a spooky Luka! She's always so nice and kind, so maybe a spookier version might be an interesting change!
Luka: Is that so? In that case...
Luka: Rawr! I'm going to gobble you up!
Rin: Hahaha, what was that? You're not scary at all! If anything, that was super cute!
KAITO: So, will we get to see all these versions of Luka? We'll find out later in the show.
MEIKO: Sounds good! Get ready for the second half everybody! Are you all ready?
Miku: Looks like everyone's good to go! Len, would you do the honors?
Len: People who have watched the teaser will know this song!
Luka: Hehe. Everyone, let's bring the energy to new heights together!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: Clap your hands! Let's go!
(Black cut)
Luka: ♪——! ♪————!!!
Miku: Wow! Luka's managing really high-pitched screams with so much control!
KAITO: Yes, so much so it sends shivers down your spine! I've never seen her with this kind of aggressive energy!
(Black cut)
Rin: Wait, what? The lights went out! Also, this song is a little creepy...
??? (Luka): Hehehe...
Rin: Oh my gosh! What's going on?! Where is everybody?!
Luka: Heh heh heh... Peekaboo...
Rin: EEEP!!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: And that is the end of the show. Time sure flies by when you're having fun.
MEIKO: It sure does. But I had so much fun seeing different versions of Luka and getting to hear so many different songs!
Miku: Everyone seems to have really enjoyed themselves too!
Miku: Alright, now it's time to wrap up with some personal messages from us!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000159/bg_s000159.png)
Miku: Happy anniversary, Luka! Getting to see sides of you that I never have before was so much fun!
Miku: It made me happy since I feel like I got to know you better. Let's keep learning more about each other and become even closer friends!
Rin: Luka! Happy anniversary! During the show, you nailed the scary vibes so well that I jumped out of my skin! You wouldn't have thought we'd rehearsed it!
Rin: I love the responsible and cute sides of you, but getting to see a totally different Luka has just added more things I like about you♪ Hehehe, can't wait to add more and more things to that list!
Len: Happy anniversary, Luka! Even though it was for your anniversary, I had so much fun doing a whole bunch of things with you from start to finish!
Len: Also, I've got a knack for coming up with fun activities, so let's do a segment again together sometime!
MEIKO: Luka, you're always radiant, but today you were exuding this new aura that made you shine brighter than ever!
MEIKO: It felt so good to sing together with you and I hope we get to sing lots and lots more with everyone! Happy anniversary!
KAITO: Today's show was non-stop excitement. I couldn't help but get carried away and enjoy it all as if I was in the audience.
KAITO: Seeing you change things up in order to share your songs and feelings made me realize that I have a lot to learn from you. I hope you have a truly happy anniversary!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Miku: Once again, let's all wish all together! Three, two, one!
Everyone: Happy anniversary, Luka!
Luka: Thank you, everyone.
Luka: I'm so glad that I was able to perform songs I don't usually get to and show a different side of myself to all of you.
Luka: However, there are many more songs and feelings that I want to bring to everyone.
Luka: So I will be continuing to sing for as long as I can. I hope you will all be there to support me.
Luka: Hehe, thank you!
Luka: And thank you all for singing with me too. I had an absolutely lovely anniversary.
Miku: You're welcome♪
Luka: Thank you again! See you, everyone!
(Black cut)
