599_Megurine Luka (VBS)_R2 Resonating Roughly But Richly (event_86)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO: Here you are, Luka. Pancakes with plenty of whipped cream.
Luka: Wow! This is what An and the others ordered? Thank you, MEIKO!
Luka: Without further ado♪
Luka: Mmm! This is delicious!!
MEIKO: Hehe. I'm glad you like it.
Luka: Oh, Miku, would you like some? It's really yummy!
MEIKO: Yes, please do. Especially since you put on such a lovely performance for us just now.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Miku, Luka & Kohane: ♪————————!! ——————!!
(White cut)
Miku & Kohane: ♪————!
Luka: ♪————!
(White cut)
Kohane: ♪————! ——————!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Luka: Hehe. That really was a fun little session!
Luka: Also, what you said was so touching.
Miku (VBS): Huh? What I said?
Luka: Remember? You said...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Miku (VBS): No, all we did was express how we felt. The rest was all you, Kohane.
Miku (VBS): I can guarantee that because we've been watching over all of you for so long now.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Luka: I believe you were able to say that because you've been watching over them this whole time, including when they discovered their true feelings.
Luka: I could've said the same thing, but it would've sounded completely different.
Miku (VBS): Isn't that because of how you behave on a day-to-day basis?
Luka: Wait, I was trying to praise you. Or... Is this you feeling a little embarrassed?
Miku (VBS): Okay, I think you've had your fun.
Luka: *Sob* MEIKO... Miku's not playing along...
MEIKO: Hehe. You're free to chat all you like, but you should eat your pancakes while they're warm. Also, the whipped cream is starting to melt.
Luka: Oh no! You're right!
Luka: Mmmm! So good!
Luka: While we're on the subject, when are Kohane and the others having their event? Would it be possible for us to go see it?
MEIKO: It's supposed to be pretty soon... But we may want to stay home for this one.
Miku (VBS): I agree. This event seems to mean quite a lot to them.
Miku (VBS): I'd rather have them focus on their performance as opposed to us or anything else.
Luka: Right.
Luka: I was hoping to watch Kohane lead off as the opening act...
MEIKO: But they should be able to record everything, so we can watch it together afterwards.
Luka: Oh, that's right! I completely forgot!
Luka: I can't wait to see how she does!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Luka: This is just my gut instinct, but I have a feeling that the current Kohane is going to put on a spectacular performance.
Miku (VBS): The current Kohane...
Miku (VBS): Yes, the way she sensed what we were thinking... I also felt something very special when we were singing together just now.
Luka: Exactly!
Luka: *Sigh* She always seems to surprise us.
Luka: Every time we meet, it's like she's discovered something new in the interim. She just keeps growing, changing and finding things that are precious to her.
Luka: She's like the pancakes you make, MEIKO. They get better and better each time you eat them.
MEIKO: Oh? But I haven't changed the recipe for them in quite some time...
Miku (VBS): To be fair, this could be just another one of Luka's ideas...
MEIKO: Hehe. True.
Luka: Hm? Did you two just say something?
Miku (VBS): No, nothing. MEIKO, can I have a cafe au lait?
Luka: Oh, I'd like a refill of black coffee as well!
MEIKO: Of course. Coming right up.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Luka: Okay, here's to a successful event!
Everyone: Cheers!
Luka: Congratulations♪ I'm glad your event went so well!
Akito: Thank you.
Toya: We have Azusawa to thank for that. Her performance set the pace for the rest of the event.
An: Yeah, you should've seen her. She was sooo awesome!
An: I was totally mesmerized by her voice... I just sat there and watched her sing!
Luka: Really?!
Luka: I was sure that you'd put on a wonderful performance, but it sounds like you did even better than I was expecting! Way to go, Kohane!
Kohane: Oh, hehe... L-Luka, don't poke me like that... It tickles...!
MEIKO: The pizza's ready, everyone!
Len: Woohoo! Pizza! MEIKO, can I cut it?!
Rin: Oh, I wanna use the rollie thing too!
KAITO: My special pasta is also nearly done. Would someone mind carrying it over for me?
Akito: Sure, I'll be right there.
Luka: Oh, did you all hear that? Pizza and pasta! We have a big feast on our hands!
Miku (VBS): Well, only if you help out.
Luka: What?!
An: That means we'll need plates. I'll go grab some now!
Kohane: Okay, thanks!
Luka: Oh no! What can I help with...? Only those who help out get to have this delicious pizza and pasta!
Kohane: Um, maybe you could clear some space for the plates and such...
Luka: Nice idea! Thank you, Kohane!
Kohane: Hehe. There's no need to thank me. If anything, I should be thanking you.
Kohane: After all, I was able to perform the way I did because of you two.
Luka: Huh?
Kohane: So...
Miku (VBS): I see. You felt a strong connection to those you've been meeting around town...
Kohane: Yes. When I was on stage, I could clearly see how much they all supported me and were looking forward to seeing me perform.
Kohane: When that happened, my heart became filled with so much warmth... Which reminded me of what you said, Miku.
Kohane: “I can guarantee that because we've been watching over all of you for so long now.”
Kohane: That was when I realized how I've had people supporting and watching over me this entire time. Right under my nose.
Kohane: And how I want to show them my appreciation.
Miku (VBS): Kohane...
Kohane: Hehe. When we sang together, I got this feeling that I could go higher and further...
Kohane: Enough to reach the place you two took me to that time!
Luka: I see. It's wonderful to hear that you understood how we felt.
Luka: But you're off by just a teensy-weensy bit.
Kohane: Huh? Wait, I am...?
Miku (VBS): We didn't take you to that place, Kohane. All we did was stand next to you.
Luka: She's right. You were the one who led us, no?
Luka: Which means you reached that place all by yourself, Kohane.
Kohane: All by myself...?
Miku (VBS): Yes. And I suspect you felt that yourself if you did indeed unleash everything you had.
Miku (VBS): That may be why you were able to see everyone's faces so clearly.
Kohane: Oh...
Luka: You stood on stage and gave the audience an absolutely incredible performance...
Luka: You did, Kohane. No one else, right?
Kohane: *Gasp* Yes, I did!
Len: Hey, you guys! Is there space on your table?
Rin: Because here comes the pizza!
KAITO: And the pasta!
Miku (VBS): Oh, hang on. We'll clear some space now.
Luka: Mmm! That smells delicious!
Luka: Alright, there's no time to waste! Mouth-watering pizza and pasta awaits!
Kohane: Yeah!
(Black cut)
