638_Megurine Luka (N25)_R4 Take A New Angle (event_93)

Gacha phrase: How did you protect yourself?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: Anyway, I should head home...
Mizuki: Luka, Len, thanks for listening. I'm gonna try my best!
Luka: Of course. I'm sure you'll do just fine, Mizuki.
Len: So, um... Please come back if anything does happen, okay? We'll be here to help.
Mizuki: Thanks! See you later!
Len: Thank goodness... Mizuki seems to be feeling a lot better.
Luka: Yes, especially compared to the face we saw earlier...
Len: Yeah, I was really surprised then...
Luka: Oh, you were? It's fairly normal for anyone to have something weighing on them...
Len: Yeah, I know...
Len: But Mizuki's such a nice person. Trying so hard to come up with any way to help Mafuyu...
Luka: Yes.
Luka: (There is genuine kindness there...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Mizuki: I want to help Mafuyu, but haven't been able to come up with any good ideas...
Luka: Is that really all?
Mizuki: Huh?
Luka: My guess is that you're not just thinking about Mafuyu, but also yourself.
Mizuki: ...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Luka: (But during our conversation, other realities came to light...)
Luka: (Still, now...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Luka: You say that you're not capable of helping her...
Luka: But I believe there's something you can do specifically because you ran from everything until now.
Luka: Just look at things from a slightly different perspective.
(White cut)
Mizuki: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Luka: Hehe...
Luka: We shall see how Mafuyu takes what Mizuki is going to tell her.
Luka: (Since she may very well act on what she hears instead of just listening to it.)
Len: ...
Luka: Hm...?
Luka: Len, is something wrong? You always avoid making eye contact with me.
Len: Huh? No, um... It's just...
Luka: You want to slip back into your shell when I look back, no?
Luka: I've been wondering this for a while now... Are you afraid of me?
Len: What? No, uhh... I'm not afraid of you, but...
Luka: But?
Len: You're not afraid of being blunt or talking about serious topics. My heart jumps whenever I hear that sort of stuff...
Len: I mean, during your conversation just now, you weren't afraid to call Mizuki a coward...
Luka: Oh, that? I simply said what was on my mind.
Luka: Because the unadulterated truth is what makes people pause or snap out of it.
Luka: Especially when it's something they don't want to hear.
Len: But...
Len: That seems really mean not just to Mizuki, but the others as well...
Luka: Oh, is that how you see it? Then, allow me to remedy your misunderstanding.
Luka: The way I see it, they're all being bound by forces that are keeping them from escaping these unfortunate circumstances.
Len: Unfortunate circumstances...?
Luka: Yes.
Luka: Each of them is in a different situation. Some are in shackles, while others are surrounded by high walls.
Luka: (And one even seems to prefer being imprisoned...)
Luka: In any case, doing nothing won't solve anything, right?
Luka: So, they need to break free.
Len: ...!
Luka: Hehe. Does what I'm saying make a little more sense now?
Len: Y-Yeah... But “break” still sounds kinda strong...
Luka: I believe what you're feeling is also valid, Len. Getting a person to rise up after being subjugated for so long is going to involve some amount of pain.
Luka: And if you can't break free of your shackles, you'll just have to tear your own arms off. And if push comes to shove...
Len: What?!
Len: B-B-B-But that would be excruciatingly painful...! We can't let anyone...
Luka: Hehe. That was just an example. I don't plan on causing them any pain needlessly.
Len: Oh... R-Right... Thank goodness...
Len: (I think she's just teasing me a little... B-But she still kinda scares me...)
Luka: Hm? What's going through your mind now...?
Len: Huh?! N-Nothing...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[Empty SEKAI]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Mizuki: I want to tell her that it's okay to run...
Mizuki: Or shout, “Run!” “It's okay to run away from this place!”
Mizuki: And that there's a safe place where you can run to...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Luka: (It appears that Mizuki was able to get all those feelings across...)
Luka: (So, things should get very interesting.)
Luka: (Will Mafuyu choose to break free from her shackles, or...)
Mizuki's Voice (Mizuki): Luka!
Luka: Mizuki, welcome. Oh, Len, Rin? You came together?
Mizuki: Hehe. There's something I wanna give to you, Luka♪ Ta-daa!
Luka: Hm? A pink Swiss roll? It looks delicious, and the fruits on top look are a nice touch.
Mizuki: They apparently mixed this strawberry sauce into the cake batter. It was so pretty and pink that you immediately came to mind, Luka.
Mizuki: I wanted to get you something as thanks for the advice you gave me the other day♪
Len: I was invited to go along since I also helped a little...
Luka: Yes, I see. So, Rin, where does that put you?
Rin: I just happened to be there when Mizuki invited Len.
Luka: Which means... You're just here to have some of this Swiss roll?
Rin: So what if I am? Mizuki already said I could.
Mizuki: Anyway, allow me to once again...
Mizuki: Thank you, Luka! I feel a lot better now because of what you said.
Luka: That's good to hear. By the way...
Luka: If the time ever comes, I'll be more than happy to burst your bubble.
Mizuki: Huh? Haha... Alright, if the time comes.
Rin: Enough with that... We're here to have cake, not have another weird chat.
Luka: True. Then, I'd like to have some of this.
Mizuki: Okay!
(Black cut)
Rin: Mizuki, the paper plates are ready...
Mizuki: Thanks, here's your slice! And here are yours, Luka, Len!
Luka: Ah, thank you. Oh...?
Luka: Len, your slice looks a little bigger than mine...
Len: Huh? I-It does? Then, wanna trade...?
Rin: Don't trade with her. She's just teasing you.
Luka: Oh, you saw right through me.
Len: Wait, you were just joking...? Th-Thank goodness...
Mizuki: Haha. They cut it at the shop, so I'm pretty sure they're all the same size. If anything, what fruits you get on top is gonna differ at most.
Mizuki: Wait, huh...?! They didn't give us any forks!
Luka: It is a Swiss roll. We could just use our hands.
Mizuki: You sure? I do have napkins so feel free to use as many as you want.
Mizuki: Anyway...
Everyone: Let's eat! Let's eat.
Mizuki: Mmm... This is amazing!
Mizuki: The cranberries are pretty sour, but it goes really well with the whipped cream's sweetness!
Luka: The strawberry flavoring for the cake itself is also very nice.
Len: Yeah. And it's so fluffy...
Rin: ...
Rin: Len, you have some whipped cream on your nose...
Len: Huh? Oh no...!
Luka: You say that, Rin, but your hands are covered in whipped cream.
Luka: Mizuki, would you mind handing us some napkins?
Mizuki: Right away!
Luka: Thank you, Mizuki... Here you two. Clean yourselves up.
Len: Thanks, Luka.
Rin: *Nod*
Mizuki: There's actually enough cake for everyone. Do you think Miku and the others would want some?
Luka: Oh, I could go deliver some to them.
Rin: You say that but you're planning on eating all of it, aren't you...?
Luka: Hehe. Would you like to join me, Rin, Len?
Len: What...?!
Mizuki: Haha! If you're gonna form a secret pact, you gotta do it when I'm not here.
Luka & Mizuki: Hehe. Haha.
Len: Hehe.
(Black cut)
