710_Megurine Luka (MMJ)_R4 Sharing My Shine (event_105)

Gacha phrase: What do you think? Does it suit me?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Luka: One, two, three, four... Five, six, seven, eight...
Miku (MMJ): Phew... Thanks for pushing my back for me, Luka♪
Luka: Hehe. You're welcome. Now, let's switch.
Miku (MMJ): Okay!
Rin: Owwwww! MEIKO, try to be more gentle!
MEIKO: Okay, I will do. But you still need to stretch well to prevent getting hurt.
MEIKO: Just look at KAITO. He's trying his best.
KAITO: Owwwww...
Len: You can do it, KAITO! You've become a lot more flexible compared to before.
Rin: Yeah, he's right! You never could bend down this far!
Luka: Hehe. Well, he has been stretching in secret.
KAITO: Hahaha. I didn't want to look bad in front of Minori or the others since they've been working so hard.
MEIKO: Hear that? So, Rin, you need to also try your best♪
Luka: You never know. The other versions of us could be watching us right now.
Rin: Okay, I got it...! I'll try a little harder!
Len: Still, it's kinda weird to think how there are other versions of us out there.
KAITO: Is it? Each SEKAI is born out of people's feelings, so it doesn't seem like too big of a leap to think that our counterparts won't be the same as us.
Rin: So, like the other Luka and Miku I saw that time, you're saying that there could be more of them and us out there?
KAITO: I think so.
Luka: Which means there's a me that's not me, a me that's neither me nor that me, a me that's neither me nor that me nor the other me out there and...
Miku (MMJ): W-Wait, what...?
Rin: So there's you, Luka, a you that's not you, a you that's neither you nor the other you and...
Rin: Uhh... I'm starting to lose track...!
Len: Me too...
MEIKO: More simply, there are lots of versions of us out there♪
KAITO: Haha. That is much simpler.
Miku (MMJ): You're so lucky. I wish I had a chance to meet one of my other selves.
MEIKO: Me too!
MEIKO: But I guess the odds of that happening are fairly low...
Luka: I don't think it's that unlikely. After all, it's happened to Rin and me already.
Luka: So, if we're lucky...
Luka: No, rather... If our feelings were to coalesce around the same thought, then...!
Miku (MMJ): So if we all feel the same thing...?
Luka: I think that's our ticket.
Luka: Especially since my other self said she's also been watching over the girls.
KAITO: Yes, we all feel the same way about them, so I do suppose it's not out of the question for our hearts to converge like that again.
Len: Then, that's something for us to look forward to.
Luka: Anyway, everyone, now that we're all done stretching, shall we begin practicing?
Rin: Oh, right! We have to practice for our show!
Everyone: Yeah! Yes!
Luka: (I wonder if she's watching us now.)
Luka: (We promise to make our show a good one not just for the girls, but also for you.)
Luka: (So, I hope you'll keep watching over us.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Luka: KAITO, about the lighting for this song. Wouldn't something bluer be better?
Luka: A deeper blue may help create a better atmosphere...
KAITO: A deeper blue? Then, I'll go get the color filters from the back.
KAITO: Also, can we talk about our schedule? I'd like to discuss when we're going to practice the song we're going to sing.
Miku (MMJ): One, two, three, four...!
Rin: Five, six, seven, eight...!
MEIKO: You're both in perfect sync♪
Len: Yeah, you two looked like a single unit when you lifted your arms and struck that pose at the end!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. We did practice quite a bit♪
Rin: Thanks for watching, MEIKO, Len!
MEIKO: You're welcome♪ Next, would you mind watching us dance?
Miku & Rin: Okay!
(Black cut)
KAITO: Looks like we're all preparing rather nicely.
KAITO: We should have quite a lot of time to practice and rehearse if things keep going this smoothly.
Miku (MMJ): Really?! That's good news since we need to practice and rehearse a lot to make our show one to remember.
Luka: Hehe. We owe you quite a lot for coming up with such a good schedule for us, KAITO.
Len: Yeah, we really can't ask for a better manager.
KAITO: I believe things are going smoothly because we're all doing our part.
KAITO: Also, I asked you to all gather today in order to try on costumes.
Luka: Yes, finally. I've been waiting so long♪
Rin: Me too♪
KAITO: I'm sure you all have ideas of what you'd like to wear, so feel free to start by trying on the costumes you already have in mind.
Everyone: Okay♪ Okay.
(Black cut)

[Dressing Room]

MEIKO: Hmm... Which song and costume should I start with...?
Rin: Miku, let's pick out the costumes for our song♪
Miku (MMJ): Okay! It's a pretty upbeat song, so how about something with vibrant colors?
KAITO: Oh, Len. I've finished restitching that costume you asked me to.
Len: You have? Thanks, KAITO, you're a lifesaver! It's one I really want to wear.
Luka: Now, I should start finding the right costume for myself♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Luka: It's so wonderful how you're able to spread so much hope as an idol.
Luka: And you shine so brightly each time you take the stage. I get a huge boost of encouragement whenever I see you perform...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka: To shine my brightest as an idol, I need the right costume.
Luka: (One that gives me the confidence to shine like a star.)
Luka: (One that gives me the power to spread hope to all those watching our show.)
Luka: This section seems like a good place to look.
Luka: Hmm... This color suits me, but I'll be singing songs that the girls originally sang...
Luka: Something closer to their theme would be...
Luka: Hm...?
Luka: This costume...! It's just what I was looking for!
Luka: Miku, look here! Isn't this lovely?
(Black cut)
