747_Megurine Luka_R2 Original Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Megurine Luka)

[Program Studio]

Luka: <Hello, everyone. It's time to “Get on Those Hot Topics!”>
Host: Thank you for introducing our program!
Host: Viewers, our guest for today is Megurine Luka, the VIRTUAL SINGER!
Luka: <It's wonderful to be here.>
Host: As we've been telling our viewers on the show these last few days, the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show is set to be held in Shibuya.
Host: And so! Here on “Get on Those Hot Topics!”, we've been bringing on the participating VIRTUAL SINGERS to hear what they all have to say.
Luka: <Hehe. There's a lot I want to talk about, so I've been looking forward to this.>
Host: I see! Thank you very much!
Host: Let's get down to it... Or so I'd like to say, but first, I'll give a brief introduction of Luka to our viewers.
Host: She's Megurine Luka, a VIRTUAL SINGER. This beautiful pink hair of hers is quite iconic.
Host: And she's also known for being bilingual and singing many songs in both Japanese and English.
Luka: <Hehe. I suppose that isn't as special as it used to be, but I'm happy to be able to bring people songs in multiple languages.>
Host: That humble smile, how wonderful!
Host: You can feel Luka's unique charm from her calm, mature disposition and grace.
Host: And on the topic of Luka, she also became a hot topic in the news surrounding a recently announced exhibition.
Luka: <Ah, you mean the New Breeze & Reboot Festival.>
Host: Can we start by talking about the exhibition?
Host: This exhibition is set to be held at a satellite venue tied in with the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show.
Host: Not just music, but illustrations, photos, woodblock prints, sculptures, you name it. All manner of VIRTUAL SINGER art from creators of all disciplines, brought together under one roof!
Luka: <A “new breeze”... Just like the exhibition's name evokes, you'll be able to see many works from up-and-coming creators.>
Host: We may find that the creators who'll define the next generation will get their start there!
Luka: <Hehe. But a new breeze may not be all that you feel.>
Luka: <As the “reboot” in the name suggests, we also want this exhibition to be a place where established creators can once again leave their mark.>
Host: The artist who's getting the most attention right now is the sculptor Masaki Sono.
Host: He'd taken time off from creating to focus on his health in recent years, but with the announcement that he'll be returning to action with his work based on Luka, he's now the subject of much discussion.
Host: I've had the opportunity to see some of Mr. Sono's works myself, and he makes quite detailed pieces with his delicate touch.
Luka: <He does. I never expected I'd be the subject of one of his works, but I'm looking forward to seeing how it turns out.>
Host: By the way, it seems that the reason he chose to use you as a theme was because one day, when he was wandering around town, he heard your singing and felt it resound strongly in his heart.
Luka: <It resounded in his heart...>
Luka: <If that's the case, I'm very glad. I'm sure the creator who had me sing that song would be happy to hear it as well.>
(Black cut)
Host: Thank you for speaking with us today, Luka.
Luka: <It was my pleasure. I had a wonderful time. Please allow me to come back and chat again.>
Host: Of course, that would be delightful!
Host: We've reached the end of our talk, but please look forward to the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show...
Luka: <And the New Breeze & Reboot Festival.>
Luka & Host: <We hope you enjoy them.> We hope you enjoy them.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Rin & MEIKO: ♪——! ♪————!
Miku, Len & KAITO: ♪————! ♪————!
Luka: ♪——~~ ♪————!
(Black cut)
Luka: How was that last song, everyone?
Rin: Your solo was so great, Luka! I almost forgot when I was supposed to start singing!
MEIKO: Come on Rin, why are you the one answering her?
Rin: But, she was just so good!
Rin: Look, everyone else says I'm right!
Luka: Hehe, Rin, everyone, thank you. I'm glad you all seem to have enjoyed it.
Luka: Well, our show is getting quite exciting, but let's take a break here for a moment.
Rin: Whaaat? But I wanna hear the next song now...
MEIKO: Don't you know that if you say that, Miku and the others will start panicking backstage?
Luka: Besides, Rin, didn't you say you wanted to go see the satellite venue?
Rin: Whoa! The place with the exhibition, right?! We can go there?!
Luka: Yes. I was hoping I could ask you and MEIKO to introduce the New Breeze & Reboot Festival as part of our little break...
MEIKO: But if you're that intent on hearing the next song, we can drop the idea of going—
Rin: Ahhh! I changed my mind, we can take a break! You all want to hear about the exhibition too, right?!
Luka: Hehe, then as planned, let's have you two go see what the satellite venue is like.
MEIKO: Leave it to us! Let's go, Rin!
Rin: Okay♪
Luka: I'll also take a moment to explain it again for everyone.
Luka: In the satellite venue right next to where we're having this show, there's an exhibition called the New Breeze & Reboot Festival.
Luka: There are all kinds of works on exhibit there, with the theme being us VIRTUAL SINGERS.
Luka: Oh, it looks like MEIKO and Rin have arrived.
Luka: MEIKO, Rin, can you hear me?
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): <Yes, we hear you!>
(Background change)

[Satellite Venue]

MEIKO: <At the moment, we're at the Doll Corner right by the entrance.>
MEIKO: <Each one is put together so intricately... It feels like they might blink at any second.>
(Background change)
Luka: I see. I'd like to take a nice long look up close as well.
(Background change)
Rin: <Look, look! The outfit on this doll of me is super cute! I wanna wear this while I sing too.>
Rin: <Plus, this me looks kinda mature and is so pretty! Maybe this is how I look to the person who made it!>
MEIKO: <That, or maybe they made you look a little more mature with the idea that you'll be this way when you've grown.>
MEIKO: <Look, this Rin over here has such a big round face and eyes, so this one's a more childish, cutesy doll!>
Rin: <You're right! I like this me too!>
Rin: <Oh! The Illustration Corner is right next door! Let's go check that out too!>
MEIKO: <That's a good idea! Come on, let's go!>
(Background change)
Luka: Hehe. They're both totally absorbed in the exhibition.
Luka: I understand, though. I'm very interested in the works on display as well.
Luka: We normally express feelings through our singing, right?
Luka: But the works at the exhibition aren't songs... And yet they're still expressing something through us.
Luka: I want to see that with my own eyes and feel it for myself.
Luka: How about you? Has your curiosity been piqued?
Luka: The satellite venue will remain open for entry even after our show ends.
Luka: I'm sure it would be fun to take a leisurely look around it while basking in the afterglow of the show.
Luka: Oh, it seems Miku and the others are finished getting things ready. But...
Luka: Rin and MEIKO haven't come back yet, have they...?
Luka: I'll go get those two, so you all enjoy listening to the next song, okay?
Luka: Alright, I'll see you all later.
(Black cut)
