755_Megurine Luka (Ln)_R2 Brand New School

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Luka (Ln): This is a good performance... Their feelings really shine through in the sound.
Rin (Ln): Yeah! Actually, I feel like their sound has kinda changed since they became second-years!
Rin (Ln): I can't let myself get left behind!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Luka (Ln): This sound...
(Background change)
Luka (Ln): As I thought, it was yours, Rin.
Rin (Ln): Oh, Luka! Where are Ichi and the others?
Luka (Ln): They finalized their practice schedule moving forward and went back home just now.
Luka (Ln): They all told me to say hi to you.
Rin (Ln): Gotcha! Hehehe, I'm looking forward to their next practice♪
Luka (Ln): Still, it's not often you start practicing on your own while the girls are still here, even if they are done practicing.
Rin (Ln): Well, y'know!
Rin (Ln): Lately, when I listen to them perform, this feeling that I've just gotta practice builds up inside♪
Luka (Ln): True, that last one was the kind of intense performance that makes you want to play yourself.
Rin (Ln): Yeah! But the way I play now, I feel like there's something missing.
Rin (Ln): *Sigh* I wonder if the feeling I'd get from starting something new would change my sound, just like it did for Ichi and the others when they became second-years.
Luka (Ln): Starting something new...
Luka (Ln): (It's true that changes in your mindset come out directly in your sound, so something like that could be good for us as well.)
Luka (Ln): Hey, Rin. If you want to experience something new, how about we have an opening ceremony amongst ourselves?
Rin (Ln): An opening ceremony? That's the thing Ichi and the others had when they became second-years, right?
Luka (Ln): Yes. It'll put you in a new frame of mind, and that may cause a change in the way you sound.
Rin (Ln): Nice! That sounds fun!
Rin (Ln): Oh, but I don't think I really know what happens at an opening ceremony...
Rin (Ln): Uhh... You listen to the principal talk for a suuuper long time, right?
Luka (Ln): Whether or not it feels long probably depends on the person... But it does seem like the principal gives a talk at all schools.
Rin (Ln): Huh... By the way, what kind of talk?
Luka (Ln): Well, according to Honami and the others...
Luka (Ln): Things like asking if the students spent their time off in a constructive way, or prompting them to put their utmost into their studies during the upcoming school year.
Rin (Ln): Hmmm... That doesn't sound very interesting.
Rin (Ln): Ooh! Can it be the kind of talk Sakki gives, like about a TV episode from yesterday or the music we've been listening to lately?
Luka (Ln): Well... I do feel like it'd be nice for the principal to talk about those kinds of fun topics...
Luka (Ln): However, the opening ceremony isn't about having a pleasant chat, but rather about preparing yourself to put your best foot forward in the next stage of your life.
Luka (Ln): It's actually meaningful because it's taken so seriously.
Rin (Ln): Really...?
Luka (Ln): Hehe. You seem perplexed, but that's how it is.
Luka (Ln): So, I'd like to give this a try with everyone. Will you help me?
Rin (Ln): I'll do it!
Rin (Ln): I wanna really collect all my thoughts and feelings so I can improve my sound like Ichi and the others!
Luka (Ln): It's settled, then.
Luka (Ln): Let's put on an opening ceremony here in SEKAI together.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Luka (Ln): Alright, let the strategy meeting for our SEKAI opening ceremony begin.
Rin (Ln): Yeah!
Luka (Ln): Firstly, I asked Honami to run me through what happened at their opening ceremony again. Of the things she mentioned, I listed up a few that seemed important for ours, so I'll write those on the blackboard.
Rin (Ln): Um... The opening remarks, the school anthem... The principal's... What does that say?
Luka (Ln): “Salutations”.
Luka (Ln): The principal's salutations—as in the talk they give.
Rin (Ln): Well if that's what you mean, you shouldn't write it all complicated.
Luka (Ln): Oh, but doesn't “the principal's salutations” sound more elegant than “the talk the principal gives”?
Luka (Ln): Plus, the opening ceremony is meant to be taken very seriously and must be done properly, so they use these kinds of grandiose expressions.
Rin (Ln): Huh...
Rin (Ln): Oh, that reminds me! Is it true you can't talk while the ceremony's going on?
Luka (Ln): Yes, it is.
Rin (Ln): Yikes... What am I gonna do...? I might not be able to stay quiet for even a minute.
(Black cut)
Rin (Ln): Hey, hey, what are we gonna do for the school anthem?
Luka (Ln): It'd be a lot of work to put a school anthem together, so how about we see if we can find a song that fits the mood?
(Black cut)
Luka (Ln): I'll be the principal, so I'd like to ask you to be the vice principal and run the ceremony.
Rin (Ln): That means I'm the MC, right?! Woohoo, I get to talk!
Luka (Ln): While that is true, just know everything you say is scripted.
Rin (Ln): Whaaat?!
(Black cut)
Rin (Ln): Aaall rise!
Luka (Ln): Rin, no stretching out the words you say. Try saying it quick and cool, like “All rise!”.
Rin (Ln): Right, quick and cool! Okay!
Rin (Ln): All rise!
(Black cut)

[A few days later]

Miku (Ln): I never thought we'd have an opening ceremony...
MEIKO (Ln): But it sounds interesting. And Luka and Rin apparently put in a lot of work preparing for it.
Len (Ln): I'd been wondering lately about what those two were sneaking around for, but I guess this was it.
KAITO (Ln): Oh, they're here...
Miku (Ln): Huh...?
Len (Ln): Something about them feels different from...
Rin (Ln): Silence, please. All rise!
Rin (Ln): First, the opening remarks. Principal Megurine, if you please.
Luka (Ln): Now begins the first SEKAI Opening Ceremony.
(Black cut)
Rin (Ln): Phew, it's over...!
Luka (Ln): Well done, Rin. You were a very dignified vice principal.
Len (Ln): Totally! I was so shocked when you suddenly came out all, “Silence, please.”
Rin (Ln): Hehehe. I was super cool saying all those fancy words so confidently, wasn't I?♪
MEIKO (Ln): Yes, very. And you were a great principal, Luka. You were so gentle while still having this sort of commanding presence.
KAITO (Ln): Right... And I was surprised how proper those salutations were...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Luka (Ln): A year consists of months that play out one after another. Thinking of it this way makes a year seem long, and it feels as if we have plenty of time at our disposal.
Luka (Ln): However, what about when we consider that a month is made up of individual weeks, and a week of individual days?
Luka (Ln): To go further, a day is made up of individual hours, and an hour of mere minutes.
Luka (Ln): When you consider this, does it change the way you feel about the time you thought you had so much of?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Miku (Ln): Hearing Principal Luka's talk really made me want to treasure my time.
Luka (Ln): Hehe. I'm glad I managed to act like a true principal.
Luka (Ln): So Rin, were you able to get a taste of what an opening ceremony is like?
Rin (Ln): Yeah, I got a big huge taste of it!
Rin (Ln): I kinda wondered what could be so interesting about it when I heard I wasn't allowed to talk freely and nobody would be saying anything fun...
Rin (Ln): But I think I understand what you meant when you said it's meaningful because it's done seriously!
Len (Ln): Seriously, huh...
Len (Ln): Yeah, outside of our performances, it was pretty new to be so serious that we couldn't laugh about doing something.
Rin (Ln): Yeah, after the closing remarks, I got this feeling like, “Alright, let's do this!”♪
Luka (Ln): In that case, we were able to achieve our original goal.
Rin (Ln): Yeah! Thanks so much for suggesting this, Luka!
Luka (Ln): It was my pleasure, I had a wonderful time putting it together with you.
(Black cut)
