830_Megurine Luka (MMJ)_R4 Greetings Are Idol 101 (event_115)

Gacha phrase: Pleased to meet you, Schubert!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Luka (MMJ): Thank you for coming to see us perform today!
Luka (MMJ): We hope you enjoy this next song♪
KAITO (MMJ): (Luka's been outstanding lately. And the audience is really loving what she's doing.)
KAITO (MMJ): (Not only that, she's getting the others to perform better as well...)
KAITO (MMJ): (It might be time for our next show to center more around Luka...)
Luka (MMJ): Bye, everyone! See you at our next show♪
(Black cut)
Len (MMJ): Today's show was off the hook.
Miku (MMJ): It really was! And we all did so well!
Rin (MMJ): Especially Luka! Your singing and dancing were on point!
MEIKO (MMJ): She's right. You led everyone so well and gave the show a huge influx of energy!
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. I really appreciate the compliments.
KAITO (MMJ): Nice work, everyone! That was an incredible show.
Luka (MMJ): Thank you, KAITO. Those new dance routines you came up with really did the trick.
Luka (MMJ): They made things so easy because of how I was able to move more freely than usual.
KAITO (MMJ): I'm glad to hear that. I decided to come up with a couple new ones that allowed you to use more of the stage after seeing you practice.
KAITO (MMJ): But I'm sure you're tired. We don't have any shows for a little while, so please take this opportunity to get some rest.
Luka (MMJ): Oh, is our schedule that open?
KAITO (MMJ): Yes. We have some meetings and preparations for upcoming shows, but we're relatively free for the time being.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, okay! Then, let's do our best to make our next show another good one♪
Len (MMJ): Wait, what meetings?
KAITO (MMJ): For producing merchandise. We've received quite a few ideas from everyone.
Rin (MMJ): And we're gonna decide what to make based on their ideas? That sounds really fun!
KAITO (MMJ): I'm glad you're looking forward to it. We've been given many wonderful ideas.
Rin (MMJ): Cool!
Miku (MMJ): I'm really looking forward to those meetings now!
Luka (MMJ): Me too. But if we don't have any shows...
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. I might be able to sneak in a visit.
KAITO (MMJ): Luka...?
(Black cut)
Luka (MMJ): Okay, that should be it.
KAITO (MMJ): Thank you for helping me clean up. By the way, is there something that you're hiding from me?
Luka (MMJ): Oh, KAITO, you know me all too well.
Luka (MMJ): You said that we wouldn't have any shows for the time being, so I thought that I could go on a little trip tomorrow.
KAITO (MMJ): A trip? Sure, that seems fine...
KAITO (MMJ): Speaking of trips, Minori said something about visiting a zoo...
KAITO (MMJ): Ah, I see... So that's what you were planning, Luka.
Luka (MMJ): Do you mind?
KAITO (MMJ): No, you go and have fun since you have the time to for a change.
Luka (MMJ): Thank you, KAITO. I was hoping that we could all go together, but I'm afraid that we'd cause her too much trouble if we went over as a group.
KAITO (MMJ): That's okay. However, in return for keeping this a secret, I'll be expecting your next show to be superb.
Luka (MMJ): Don't worry about that. I promise to put on an even better performance than the one I put on today♪
KAITO (MMJ): I'll be looking forward to that. A few ideas popped into my head while watching you today, so I'd like to work those in next time.
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. Okay.
KAITO (MMJ): Then, have a safe trip.
Luka (MMJ): Thank you, KAITO.
Luka (MMJ): (Thank goodness KAITO's okay with my plan.)
Luka (MMJ): (And I can't help but wonder what sorts of animals will be at the zoo.)
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. I'm looking forward to having a fun day off♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Airi: Phew... We did so much today.
Shizuku: It's already getting fairly late.
Luka (MMJ): Thank you both for agreeing to take the others along on your zoo visit.
Miku (MMJ): That was so much fun!
Rin (MMJ): We got to see so many animals! The guinea pigs and rabbits were so cute.
Len (MMJ): They even had a lot of big animals.
KAITO (MMJ): Yes, I definitely wasn't expecting to see any alpacas there. They're so much taller than I realized.
MEIKO (MMJ): The frogs were also really cute!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm glad you all had such a wonderful time.
Airi: We also sorta lost track of time because we were having so much fun.
Rin (MMJ): Like when you got to feed the chipmunks!
KAITO (MMJ): Speaking of feedings, getting to see that serval cat tearing into that meat was quite an experience.
Len (MMJ): Yeah, that was pretty incredible... A good reminder that they're still carnivores.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, Airi, Shizuku, which animals did you like seeing?
Airi: You can probably guess that I loved seeing all the cats!
Luka (MMJ): Including the Tsushima leopard cats and Pallas's cats, yes?
Airi: Yeah. I'm so glad Minori and the others recommended seeing them since they were all so adorably fluffy!
Shizuku: The way the Tsushima leopard kittens went wherever their mother went was so cute and heartwarming.
Luka (MMJ): It's too bad that there was a pane of glass between us and them.
Airi: Actually, I'm kinda glad they had that since I probably would've had a sneezing fit if I got too close.
Shizuku: But seeing them was still just as wonderful.
Airi: Yeah. At the same time, I'm starting to feel exhausted after walking around all day.
Miku (MMJ): That makes sense since you two were pretty active today, while all we did was watch...
MEIKO (MMJ): Now I feel kind of bad.
Airi: Don't. We had just as much fun as you.
Shizuku: Plus, things went really smoothly because we had Luka acting as our guide.
MEIKO (MMJ): She's right. You really knew your way around the place.
Luka (MMJ): I did get to see everything from Minori's pocket the whole time she and the others were going around the zoo.
Luka (MMJ): In return for sneaking out that time, I wanted to be a good guide and make sure you all enjoyed yourselves♪
Airi: Now that you mention it, Luka, I doubt we would've been able to see so much if we didn't have you guiding us.
Shizuku: I have to be honest, I almost got lost today, but Luka swooped in to show me the way.
Airi: When did this happen?! She really had to lead you back...?
KAITO (MMJ): Airi, Shizuku, thank you both again for inviting us to go with you to the zoo today.
Rin (MMJ): It was super duper fun!
Airi: Why are you being so serious all of a sudden?
Luka (MMJ): Because we talked things over yesterday and decided to do something as a token of our appreciation.
Shizuku: What did you decide to do?
Len (MMJ): Luka suggested that we put on a mini concert for you two.
MEIKO (MMJ): We only have a few songs ready, but we hope you'll listen♪
Shizuku: Oh, you went to that much effort for us...?!
Airi: We'll be more than happy to listen!
Luka (MMJ): Then, sit here. It's the VIP section. We promise to give you an incredible performance♪
Shizuku: Oh, we're at the very front. We couldn't ask for better seats.
Luka (MMJ): Okay, I think we're all set. Let's get this mini concert started♪
Luka (MMJ): We went with a zoo theme. The songs we chose have to do with animals and the wild. We hope you enjoy.
KAITO (MMJ): Start the music!
(Black cut)
