860_Megurine Luka_RB Happy Anniversary! 2025

Gacha phrase: I'll keep singing to deliver these feelings.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Luka (MMJ): Whew... Another day, another exciting show.
???: Oh, there you are, Luka!
Luka (MMJ): Everyone...
Miku (MMJ): Nice work with your special anniversary concert!
Rin (MMJ): It was suuuper cool! And the audience was really energized!
Shizuku: Yes. We had a wonderful view of them creating a sea of light from over in the wings.
Airi: That's right. Thank you again for inviting us, Luka. We really enjoyed watching from backstage.
Haruka: The show was jam-packed with everything that people love about you.
Minori: Yeah! Cutesy classic idol hits to cool dance tracks, playful banter between songs...
Minori: And most importantly, so much interaction with your fans! They couldn't get enough of it!
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. I'm glad you all enjoyed yourselves.
Luka (MMJ): Especially since I went to you for advice so many times while I was putting the show together.
Luka (MMJ): I wanted to give you all an experience that would express my gratitude... Did that come across?
Minori: It diiid!
Airi: I think Minori might still be in concert-goer mode.
Len (MMJ): But still... I liked that every section of the show felt like a reflection of Luka's personality.
MEIKO (MMJ): Especially the medley where Luka sang a duet with each of us. I didn't expect the crowd to go so wild for that!
Luka (MMJ): If I recall correctly, that segment was Minori's idea.
Minori: Hehehe. I figured that Luka should have the most fun today since it is her anniversary.
Minori: She was saying that she wanted a lot of opportunities to sing with everyone, which had me thinking. What about a medley where she sang with each person at a time?
Minori: Not to mention... We'd also get to see some rare combinations, and how cool would that be?!
Airi: You started off so strong there...and then it turned into your fangirl fantasy.
Haruka: I have to admit though, I did really enjoy seeing those less-seen pair-ups.
Luka (MMJ): Hehe, I'm glad to hear it.
KAITO (MMJ): We also had fun being up on stage with you for your special day.
Rin (MMJ): Yeah! We put all our effort into expressing our anniversary wishes with the show. Although...
Rin (MMJ): I kinda feel bad that we enjoyed your performance the most, even though we're the ones celebrating you...
Airi: I know what you mean. Luka's always charming, but today she was overflowing with idol charisma.
Shizuku: A strong and confident persona for the cool songs, full of warm smiles for the cute songs... I'm amazed how she could effortlessly blend into each song like a chameleon.
Luka (MMJ): If I could, then it was thanks to each of my duet partners.
Luka (MMJ): All of your hopes and feelings shone through, which I think pushed my performance to the next level.
Luka (MMJ): So, once again, thank you all for today.
KAITO (MMJ): Luka...
Len (MMJ): It was our pleasure to be of service.
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes. You were having such a good time singing, and the feeling was infectious!
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. I appreciate the kind words.
MEIKO (MMJ): But...one moment in the concert stands out above all else...
MEIKO (MMJ): Right at the end, when Luka blew those knockout kisses to the audience!
Minori & Rin: Yeah!
Rin (MMJ): And not just the audience... I was so shocked when she blew some to us in the wings!
Minori: Me too! A barrage of kisses from an idol at point-blank range... I thought I was gonna pass out!
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. All the while, I was enjoying everyone's different reactions♪ Joy, embarrassment, surprise...
KAITO (MMJ): Hahaha... Of course you were, Luka.
Rin (MMJ): But, you really were enjoying yourself more than ever!
Rin (MMJ): Not just the kisses... The sharpness of your movements, the way you held the long notes... It was perfect from start to finish!
MEIKO (MMJ): I suppose it's to be expected for an anniversary concert? It is a special day after all.
Luka (MMJ): Yes, partly that. But also...
Luka (MMJ): I think I was so energized today thanks to the performance I watched beforehand.
Airi: Do you mean...the anniversary show for our world's Luka?
Luka (MMJ): Exactly. Remember how you girls showed me a little of it? The Luka in your world also had many fans show up to her anniversary show.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Luka: Thank you all again so much for coming to my special anniversary concert!
Len: Now we've reached the second half of today's show... It's time for a little game titled:
Miku & Len: “Look Into Luka's Mind! Set List Predictions♪”
Miku: We have to try and predict the next two songs on Luka's set list. Can you guys guess?
Len: By the way, this game was Luka's idea! Right Luka?
Luka: That's right.
Luka: I'm here today because of so many emotions... Those that went into each song, and those felt by the people listening to them.
Luka: I chose songs that I wanted everyone to hear as my way of expressing gratitude for that.
Luka: So I hope that they're also songs that everyone wants to hear.
Miku: Well then, everyone watching in the audience and on the livestream, start predicting!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka (MMJ): Seeing that version of me having fun motivated me to enjoy my anniversary just as much.
Luka (MMJ): And...it also inspired me to give you all a show to remember.
Luka (MMJ): That's why I was more energized than usual.
Shizuku: Luka...
Airi: I guess that means the concert was a huge success.
Haruka: Yes. Both you and your audience were having the time of your lives. It was an unforgettable show.
Luka (MMJ): Really? I honestly was having so much fun, so I'm happy you feel that way.
Airi: But, it's too early to pack up and go home!
Luka (MMJ): Huh?
Shizuku: Don't forget, it is your anniversary. We want to make it a day to remember for you too.
Minori: And so, get ready for...
Minori: Luka's Special Anniversary Show, performed by MORE MORE JUMP!
Luka (MMJ): A special show?
Miku (MMJ): We'll also be helping out behind the scenes♪
Rin (MMJ): Okie dokie, leave the sound to me!
KAITO (MMJ): And you can count on us to provide excellent lighting!
Len (MMJ): So, Luka, take a seat here in the VIP section.
Luka (MMJ): All of you...
Luka (MMJ): (They must have all done so much preparation for me...)
Luka (MMJ): (I was happy enough for them just to participate in my concert, but they put this together too...)
Luka (MMJ): (I was just thinking how this has been a lovely anniversary with everyone celebrating with me, but...)
Luka (MMJ): It seems the celebrations are just getting started.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Len: Welcome, everyone, to this special concert celebrating Luka's anniversary!
Len: Whoa, there are already so many comments! Looks like everyone can't wait to get started!
Miku: Hehe. Luka feels the same way. She was humming through her set list backstage just now.
Len: Hahaha, I'll bet! The audience is anxious to get started... Why don't we call the star of the day out here already?!
Len: Here we go! One, two, three!
Len & Miku: Lukaaa!
Luka: Hello everyone! Thank you for coming to celebrate my anniversary today!
Luka: All of you joining by livestream, can you hear us okay?
Miku: Whoa, the comments are coming in even faster...!
Luka: It looks like everyone's been waiting in anticipation! I'm very pleased.
Luka: You know, I've been just as excited to see you all. Let's all have a great time today!
Len: Ooh, everyone's fired up already! Let's keep that energy up for the first song!
Miku: Yeah! First up is...this song!
(Black cut)
KAITO: Wow, only one song in and you're already on fire!
Rin: Everyone was super into it too! Oh, more comments are coming in! Um...
Rin: This one says, “I was so not expecting that first one! Can't believe you sang that at a concert!”
MEIKO: We know the whole set list, and we were still really excited!
Len: Yeah! I was cheering along with the audience! How was it for you, Luka?
Luka: Hehe. Hearing everyone's voices certainly made me happy.
Miku: Even when we were setting up for the day, you were wondering how the audience would react, weren't you?
Luka: I was. My hope for this show was to give everyone a chance to get to know me better.
Luka: I've always expressed my feelings in the form of many different songs, and those songs have shown people who I am.
Luka: And so today, I'm hoping to sing a range of songs that show all different facets of me.
Luka: That's why I've chosen this next song. I hope you all enjoy.
(Black cut)
Luka: Thank you all again so much for coming to my special anniversary concert!
Len: Now we've reached the second half of today's show... It's time for a little game titled:
Miku & Len: “Look Into Luka's Mind! Set List Predictions♪”
Miku: We have to try and predict the next two songs on Luka's set list. Can you guys guess?
Len: By the way, this game was Luka's idea! Right Luka?
Luka: That's right.
Luka: I'm here today because of so many emotions... Those that went into each song, and those felt by the people listening to them.
Luka: I chose songs that I wanted everyone to hear as my way of expressing gratitude for that.
Luka: So I hope that they're also songs that everyone wants to hear.
Miku: Well then, everyone watching in the audience and on the livestream, start predicting!
Rin: Hmm, but there will be so many songs that people want to hear... I bet they're having trouble choosing.
Len: Even I can think of a bunch of songs off the top of my head... I can't imagine narrowing them down to two.
Len: Hey Luka, can you give us a clue?
Luka: I suppose I could...
Luka: How about this? I'll tell you what feelings went into the songs.
Len: Oh, thanks! Everyone, listen carefully!
Miku: Hehe. Okay Luka, let's hear it!
Luka: The first song is...cheerful if nothing else. It's a song that I'd like to convey my hope to enjoy this concert alongside everyone here.
Rin: Enjoying the concert... Okay, got it! Now the second song!
Luka: The second is deeper, I suppose. I want it to convey the feeling of empathizing with a troubled person and gently supporting them.
KAITO: That's a lovely sentiment.
MEIKO: Whoa, check it out! Now that Luka gave us those clues, there are a ton of comments guessing what the songs might be!
Luka: You're right. I wonder if they can guess right.
Miku: To find out...we need to hear what songs come next!
Luka: Yes. On that note, let's move on!
(Black cut)
Luka: Everyone, did you guess right?
Luka: Whether you did or didn't, I hope you're enjoying the show!
Luka: And I hope the feelings I put into those songs reach you!
Len: Nice work, Luka! Everything you wanted to express came through loud and clear.
Miku: Yeah! And so this time...
Miku: We want you to hear what we have to say.
Luka: Everyone...
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000279/bg_s000279.webp)
Miku: Happy anniversary, Luka! As one of the hosts, I got to watch your concert up close.
Miku: And it was so cool seeing you leave the audience spellbound with your performance! Let's keep bringing our songs to the world!
Rin: Hehehe. Both the livestream comments and the concert venue were crammed full of Luka love! I was suuuper happy for you♪
Rin: But don't forget, they don't have as much Luka love as me! Happy anniversary, Luka!
Len: Happy anniversary, Luka! The songs that you put so much emotion into almost had me in tears!
Len: Did I do a good job as a host? I was doing my best to make it an anniversary to remember for you.
MEIKO: Len did practice a lot in advance. But still, we weren't expecting that game to have such a profound feeling behind it. You didn't let on during rehearsals.
MEIKO: I also felt so many emotions from your singing. Please keep charming everyone with that voice of yours!
KAITO: How was your special anniversary concert? I'm a little worried that I had more fun than you...
KAITO: After all, it's your anniversary! I hope that no one enjoyed it as much as you. Once again, happy anniversary!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Len: Okay guys, let's all say it at once! One, two, three!
Everyone: Happy anniversary, Luka!
Luka: Thank you, everyone.
Luka: I already said it during the show, but... I'm here today singing all these songs filled with emotions thanks to all the people who listen and feel those emotions.
Luka: I'm overflowing with gratitude for that.
Luka: I'm going to keep singing those songs to deliver all those feelings.
Luka: So I hope you'll keep supporting me.
Rin: Of course we will! Forever!
Luka: Hehe, thank you.
Luka: Thank you so much to everyone who watched the show, too. Thanks to you, I've had a marvelous anniversary.
Luka: Please come and hear me sing again. Until then!
(White cut)
