865_Megurine Luka (VBS)_R2 Photo Contest in SEKAI! (event_120)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Luka (VBS): *Sigh*
Miku (VBS): I'm done polishing the cups and saucers, MEIKO.
MEIKO (VBS): Thank you for doing that, Miku. I really appreciate it.
Luka (VBS): *Sigh*
MEIKO (VBS): I'm sorry, but would you mind also putting them back up on the shelf for me?
Miku (VBS): Actually, I was just about to.
Luka (VBS): ...
Luka (VBS): Will you two please stop ignoring me already...!
Miku (VBS): I'm sorry, but we're busy here.
Luka (VBS): So am I! You have no idea what it's like being this bored!
Luka (VBS): At this rate, I'm going to end up an unhappy husk of what I used to be.
MEIKO (VBS): You poor thing.
MEIKO (VBS): Since you're so bored, why don't I get you a drink and a snack?
Luka (VBS): Yay♪ Oh, but... I'll be bored again after I'm done.
Luka (VBS): *Sigh* If only Kohane and the others were here.
Miku (VBS): There's nothing we can do about that since they're probably performing in an event somewhere right now.
MEIKO (VBS): Also, they come by fairly often to take breaks and practice on their own.
Luka (VBS): Yes, but I want to have more fun!
MEIKO (VBS): More fun...?
Luka (VBS): *Sigh* If only we could do something again like we did during Valentine's Day...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka (VBS): Wait, that's it...! We can have one ourselves!
Miku & MEIKO: Huh...?
(Black cut)
Luka (VBS): So, I'm happy to announce that we'll be having a photo contest to see who wins the Crase Cafe Cup♪
KAITO (VBS): Crase Cafe Cup? Does that mean you're hosting this, MEIKO?
MEIKO (VBS): No, she just wanted it in the title because it sounded “cool”...
Len (VBS): A photo contest? Like the one Kohane and Toya entered? That sounds like fun!
Rin (VBS): So, what are we supposed to do?
Luka (VBS): Alright, I'll start by explaining the rules!
Luka (VBS): We'll split into two teams of three, and each team will designate someone to be their model. After that, they'll put on makeup and have their pictures taken!
Luka (VBS): And the theme of this contest is Valentine's Day!
KAITO (VBS): Aren't those the same rules as the photo contest Kohane and the others entered?
Luka (VBS): Yes, because it makes things easier♪
Miku (VBS): No, you just didn't want to come up with new rules.
Luka (VBS): Also true.
Rin (VBS): No, that's the only truth...
Luka (VBS): Anyway, let's start picking teams. My little ladder diagram here will randomly assign us to teams, so write your names down for me. Also, the fastest team gets to claim the best spots to shoot!
Len (VBS): It still feels like you're doing this all on the fly.
(Black cut)
Luka (VBS): Alright, here are our teams.
Luka (VBS): We have Rin, Miku and myself in one!
Luka (VBS): With Len, MEIKO and KAITO in the other!
Luka (VBS): Just as a reminder, each team needs to choose a model and do their makeup so that it has a Valentine's Day feel to it!
MEIKO (VBS): Do we have any makeup to use?
Luka (VBS): Heehee. We're all set. Kohane let me borrow the makeup she used for the photo contest.
Luka (VBS): I also asked her and the others to be our judges.
KAITO (VBS): Oh, you're more prepared than I realized.
Luka (VBS): By the way, also...
Luka (VBS): The winner gets chocolate parfaits brimming with the chocolates we have left over from Valentine's Day!
Rin, Len & KAITO: Chocolate parfaits?!
Miku (VBS): You always make sure to have only these sorts of things covered...
Luka (VBS): Of course.
Luka (VBS): Anyway, everyone, let's all put our best foot forward and see who takes the best picture!
Rin, Len & KAITO: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

Luka (VBS): Alright, let's start coming up with a plan!
Miku (VBS): All we really have to do at this point is figure out how we're going to do your makeup, right?
Rin (VBS): Then, let's talk while reading through the makeup reference materials Kohane and the others gave us.
Luka (VBS): Okay♪
(Black cut)
Luka (VBS): Hmm... This one says, “Pair some dark chocolate brown eye shadow with blackcurrant lip gloss”...
Rin (VBS): Oh, that sounds like one for grown-ups! I bet it'll look great on you, Luka!
Luka (VBS): Yes, it may suit me, but that alone probably won't produce much of an impact...
Miku (VBS): A big impact...
Miku (VBS): Come to think of it, MEIKO's team chose KAITO to be their model, right?
Rin (VBS): Yeah, and he seemed pretty serious about winning those chocolate parfaits. He's probably gonna look really cool.
Luka (VBS): He does know how to deliver in these kinds of situations.
Miku (VBS): Then, what if we tried going head-to-head with them? Cool versus cool.
Miku (VBS): For example... The theme for our makeup could be mint chocolate chip.
Rin (VBS): It says... “A cool, refreshing and uniquely minty color. A light dusting around your eyes will help capture the hearts of any onlookers!”
Luka (VBS): Oh, this is perfect! It's cool and seems to pack the punch we're looking for!
Miku (VBS): See what I mean? Next, we need to come up with a pose that brings this makeup to life.
Luka (VBS): Oh, I've already come up with one! I know an amazing trick for blowing people away like that!
Rin (VBS): You do?! Can you show us?!
Luka (VBS): Yes, once my makeup's ready♪
Luka (VBS): So, let's get to work on that!
Miku & Rin: Okay. Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The day of the photo contest judging]

[Crase Cafe]

Luka (VBS): Thank you all for agreeing to gather here on your day off!
Kohane: No, I've been looking forward to this ever since you told me about it.
Toya: Me too. Is it true that you and Luka were the models, KAITO...?
KAITO (VBS): Yes! So, let's start with the picture my team took.
Len (VBS): Ta-daa! We've got a good feeling about this one!
An: Whoa, KAITO... Is that really you?! Your hair's all slicked back...!
Kohane: Yeah, you're immediately drawn to his hairstyle, and then his makeup... Looks like there was a lot of thought put into it...
Akito: I sorta doubt that.
KAITO (VBS): No, that was exactly our plan. I think we did a good job of directing the viewer's focus if I do say so myself.
Toya: Yes, and I like your pose. All you're doing is sitting in a chair, but you're giving off this aura of success.
Akito: Yeah, you're like a completely different person. In a good way, though.
Luka (VBS): Well done, KAITO! But we also have a good feeling about ours!
Toya: Even after seeing how good theirs was? You sound very confident, which means...
Kohane: Your team's photo must've also turned out really well...!
Rin (VBS): Alright, here it is! Ta-daa!
Kohane: ...! What...?
An: U-Uhh...
KAITO (VBS): It's not what I was expecting to see...
Toya: Your makeup looks stunning... This minty color you chose works very nicely.
Kohane: R-Right, yeah! You already had this captivating gaze, so it's cool how you were able to make it even more alluring!
Akito: Yeah, your makeup looks good. The rest is...
An: Uh, Luka...? This pose...
Luka (VBS): Oh, this? The way you all reacted was priceless! It's that thing where I have someone pinned up against a wall.
An: Yeah, we know... But more importantly...!
An: Why do you have a rose in your mouth?!
Luka (VBS): That? Because it's cool. Right?
Miku & Rin: *Nod* Yeah!
Len (VBS): Yeah, that is pretty cool!
Akito: Wait, what...?
KAITO (VBS): Haha... I guess that's one way to put it.
MEIKO (VBS): I suppose... And they seem rather proud of what they've achieved.
Luka, Miku & Rin: ...?
(Black cut)
Len & KAITO: Let's eat!
MEIKO (VBS): Enjoy.
Rin (VBS): KAITO's team ended up winning...
Miku (VBS): We were basically tied on makeup, but we lost because of the pose we chose.
Rin (VBS): Yeah, we were so close.
Luka (VBS): Thank you for lending us your makeup and those reference materials. They really helped!
Luka (VBS): We were able to have a fun contest as a result.
Kohane: I'm glad I could help! I also had a lot of fun as a judge!
Luka (VBS): You did? Then, we might just have to do this again sometime♪
Kohane: Yes, you definitely should!
Akito: You might wanna give them some stuff on posing then...
An: To be fair, that was an interesting choice.
Toya: I agree.
Luka (VBS): So, Miku, Rin, if we do have another contest, would you like to be on the same team then?
Rin & Miku: Of course! Of course.
(Black cut)
