965_Megurine Luka (Ln)_R2 Starting Point (event_137)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: We're back.
Luka (Ln): Welcome back.
Luka (Ln): How was the station? Did you notice any changes?
Shiho: No, we didn't notice anything.
Miku (Ln): Even the sprout we found looked exactly the same.
Rin (Ln): But I was so sure that more big changes would come after that station appeared.
KAITO (Ln): I sort of understand how you feel...
Len (Ln): But that station appearing is a pretty big event itself.
Len (Ln): Imagine what would happen to this place if more stuff like that kept happening.
Rin (Ln): You're no fun.
Honami: Still, I'm perplexed by how a station of all things ended up appearing here.
Ichika: Really? Lots of students take the train to school every day, so it doesn't seem all that strange to me.
Saki: I agree. I mean, I wish Miya Girls and Shibuya Station were as close as this school and station are.
MEIKO (Ln): But wouldn't that be too close? I feel like you'd have fewer fun detours to take along the way.
Saki: Th-That's a good point...!
Shiho: Also, I don't think that train's meant for commuting to school.
Luka (Ln): It seems like it's meant for leaving this school for somewhere else.
Miku (Ln): Leaving this school for somewhere else...?
Rin (Ln): But where?
Len (Ln): Who knows?
Len (Ln): But schools are places you're supposed to graduate from, right? In that sense, this is a sort of starting line for you girls.
Rin (Ln): G-Graduate?! Are you saying that Sakki and the others are gonna stop coming here someday?!
Saki: Whaaat?! No one's told us anything about that!
Saki: I don't wanna stop coming here! I wanna keep hanging out with you and the others, Rin!
Rin (Ln): I wanna keep jamming and hanging out with all of you too, Sakki!
Len (Ln): Why are you equating graduating to saying goodbye?
Luka (Ln): Don't worry, Rin. We're here in SEKAI to give them the support they deserve.
Luka (Ln): We won't be saying goodbye anytime soon.
Luka (Ln): Right, Miku?
Miku (Ln): Sh-She's right, Rin...!
Miku (Ln): They just became pros, so we need to keep watching over them as their careers unfold!
Rin & Saki: Th-Thank goodness!
Ichika: Wow, you and Rin really made my stomach sink with that stuff, Saki.
Saki: Yeah, but...
Luka (Ln): (...?)
KAITO (Ln): If the girls do end up graduating, would that mean we'd also graduate...?
MEIKO (Ln): So, we might stop being students here? But I really like my uniform.
KAITO (Ln): That's what you're attached to...?
Rin (Ln): Wait, we wouldn't have to say goodbye to Sakki and them, but we would have to say goodbye to this school?!
Len (Ln): Again, quit blowing things out of proportion.
Luka (Ln): Yes, all good things must come to an end...
Luka (Ln): So, we can't fully eliminate the possibility of us having to say goodbye to this place someday...
Luka (Ln): But we can say for certain that this place isn't going away.
Luka (Ln): Because it was born out of you girls' feelings. It has a special place in your hearts and it's your starting point.
Luka (Ln): Also, it's important to look back to the beginning from time to time.
Luka (Ln): So, even if all of you do end up going somewhere far away, I'm sure you'll be able to come back here whenever you like.
Luka (Ln): It's why this SEKAI exists. This refuge is a manifestation of your true feelings.
Ichika: Right...
Ichika: And now that we're pros, we need to learn to treasure this place even more.
Saki, Honami & Shiho: Yeah! Yes.
Miku (Ln): Girls...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

[Station]

Luka (Ln): Oh...
Luka (Ln): I had a feeling you'd be here.
Miku (Ln): Luka...
Luka (Ln): Rin's been saying how she wants to have a jam session with you.
Miku (Ln): Really...?
Luka (Ln): Is what we discussed in the classroom still bothering you...?
Miku (Ln): Oh...
Miku (Ln): You really are like a mind reader, Luka.
Miku (Ln): I'm a little embarrassed about this, so please don't tell the others...
Miku (Ln): But a lot of things went through my mind when the possibility of Ichika and the others graduating came up.
Luka (Ln): Could you elaborate...?
Miku (Ln): For example...
Miku (Ln): We've already fulfilled the big role of helping the girls realize their true feelings and singing the song that came from this SEKAI with them.
Miku (Ln): Also...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika's Voice (Ichika): <——♪ ————♪>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): Seeing their music video being played on digital billboards and hearing people talk about how great their song is makes me so happy and proud of them...
Miku (Ln): But a part of me also feels a little sad...
Miku (Ln): Maybe it does feel like they'll end up somewhere really far away.
Luka (Ln): You must be feeling that way because you care about them so much and don't want to be without them.
Miku (Ln): It's weird, right? I mean, I should be happy about how much they've grown and their success as a band.
Luka (Ln): Oh? I don't think what you're feeling is weird.
Luka (Ln): Because I also feel a little sad each time you take a big step forward, Miku.
Miku (Ln): Huh? Why's that?
Luka (Ln): Well...
Luka (Ln): The more you keep growing, Miku, the fewer chances I'll have to help you as your senior since you'll likely start needing me less and less.
Miku (Ln): Oh...
Luka (Ln): I don't know if what I'm feeling is the same as what you're feeling about Ichika and the others...
Luka (Ln): But if there is some overlap, then it might be good for you to change your perspective a bit.
Miku (Ln): Huh? What do you mean...?
Luka (Ln): It's easy.
Luka (Ln): Instead of thinking that they're going somewhere far away, you should see it as them coming closer.
Luka (Ln): To me, you're my junior. But the more you improve, the more of an equal footing we reach as bandmates.
Luka (Ln): Does that make sense...? If you ask me, I think that's a rather exciting prospect.
Luka (Ln): Also, as your senior, the possibility of you surpassing me drives me to keep improving.
Miku (Ln): Interesting. I never thought to see things that way...
Miku (Ln): You really are amazing, Luka...
Miku (Ln): I have trouble understanding what I'm feeling sometimes, which sort of leads me to see things in black and white...
Luka (Ln): Hehe. I suppose I do have a bit of a lead on you there as your senior.
Miku (Ln): *Nod* I mean, Luka, you're still my senior in plenty of ways.
Miku (Ln): I like to think we're equal as performers...
Miku (Ln): But you're always there to help whenever I have to face my own feelings or someone else's, or when I just have something on my mind.
Luka (Ln): The girls might feel the same way about you, Miku.
Miku (Ln): Y-You think so...? That'd be nice, but...
Luka (Ln): Then, why don't you ask them when they visit next?
Miku (Ln): What?! No, that'd be so embarrassing...
Luka (Ln): Oh?
Miku (Ln): Luka...
Miku (Ln): That's something I'll never be able to emulate.
Luka (Ln): See what I mean? I still want to make it feel like I'm your senior.
Luka & Miku: Hehe. Haha.
(Black cut)
