982_Megurine Luka_R4 Being There (event_140)

Gacha phrase: Don't worry, you can do it.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

Luka (Ln): We can all keep going, right?
Miku (Ln): *Nod* Let's go all out!
MEIKO (Ln): Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Between Worlds]

Luka: They're practicing together again today.
Len: It's so cool how they're all in a band together!
Rin: I know, right?! They're all really good and work in perfect sync!
Luka: That must be the result of all their hard work.
Luka: After all, they needed to practice in order to help Ichika and the others after they set out to become professional musicians.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Luka: You're still practicing, Miku...?
MEIKO: You've been working so hard. I hope you've been taking breaks here and there.
Miku (Ln): I have. I know what fatigue does to your concentration, so I'm being careful.
MEIKO: That's good to hear.
Luka: Still, you seem to be going about things somewhat differently compared to before.
Luka: Is it because the girls decided to go pro together?
Miku (Ln): Basically.
Miku (Ln): How they're going to pursue that goal is entirely up to them, but one simple fact is that they'll need to become better performers.
Miku (Ln): Which is why I want to do the same.
Luka: They're very lucky to have you as their senior.
MEIKO: And we'll need to follow suit since we're in the same shoes as you.
MEIKO: So, Miku, why don't the three of us have a quick session?
Miku (Ln): Yes, that'd be great!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len: Oh, right! That SEKAI's me, Rin and KAITO hadn't arrived yet, huh?
Luka: Yes, that's right.
Luka: Rin was the final piece necessary to have their band mirror the girls'.
Luka: That SEKAI's Miku seemed so happy about having a fourth person join them.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): Oh, why don't we play with the same instruments as the girls? It'd be great to play the songs they've been practicing too.
Rin: That does sound like fun♪ Nice idea, Miku-P!
Miku (Ln): Would that be alright, Luka, MEIKO?
Luka: Not a problem. Count us in, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Okay, here we go.
MEIKO: One, two, three, four!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rin: I love how Miku's nickname is Miku-P♪
Len: That reminds me of when you copied her for a little while, Rin.
Rin: Yeah, Miku got on board right away and even started calling me Rin-P.
Luka: Hehe. The way you two talked that time was so adorable.
Len: Haha. Totally!
Len: Anyway, after Rin, KAITO and I arrived.
Luka: With regards to that SEKAI, the fight Rin and Len had left a very big impression on me.
Len: Oh...
Rin: I remember that! He became worried that she was practicing way too hard, right?
Len: Yeah, and I think it was necessary for the two of them to hash things out.
Len: But I wasn't actually that worried. After all, MEIKO stepped in to mediate.
Luka: Oh? I seem to recall a certain someone asking me to go see what was happening because he wanted to know but was too afraid to go himself.
Rin: Huh?
Len: *Grumble*
Len: Uhh... Isn't it great to be able to tell others how you really feel?!
Luka: Hehe. I agree with you there.
Rin: Oh, I think they're back to playing...
Len: Are they practicing their next song?
Luka: I think so.
Luka: All six of them have been working so hard as a band. I don't think there's been a day when no one played anything since they all came together...
Rin: Yeah, and I feel like singing back every time I hear them!
Luka: Me too.
Luka: I hope we get to have a little session with them someday.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

Luka: Band me seemed to have quite a lot of fun again today. Now, which SEKAI should I look at next...?
Luka: Huh...?
Luka: Oh, that's right. Miku and the others said that they'd be taking a look at some as well.
Luka: Did they just return?
Miku: Luka was so cute. Just looking at her made me smile.
KAITO: That was a bit of a rare spectacle.
MEIKO: Yes, I'm very glad we decided to go take a look.
Luka: (I just heard my name, but what could they be talking about...?)
Luka: No, it's rude to eavesdrop...
Luka: What were you three talking about just now?
Miku: L-Luka!
KAITO: Y-You said that you'd be taking a look at one of the other SEKAI.
Luka: Yes, I just got back.
MEIKO: Haha. Sooner than we expected. So, how much did you hear just now...?
Luka: Only a little bit.
Luka: I heard you all mention my name, and when Miku said, “Just looking at her made me smile.”
Luka: But it felt rude of me to eavesdrop, so I decided to come see what was going on...
KAITO: Well, this is embarrassing... We weren't expecting you to overhear us.
Miku: Right. But it's not meant to be a secret or anything either...
MEIKO: True.
MEIKO: So, we just went to take a look at one of the other SEKAI. Remember the one where I'm running a cafe?
Luka: Yes, Kohane and her team's.
Miku: *Nod* We just happened to catch Luka cooking with MEIKO.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
MEIKO (VBS): Okay, the carrots are all peeled. I need you to cut these into quarter slices.
Luka (VBS): Quarters? Okay♪
MEIKO (VBS): And make sure to curl up your fingers so that it looks like a cat's paw.
Luka (VBS): Meow meow♪
MEIKO (VBS): Umm... You don't need to talk like a cat.
Luka (VBS): Meow me-meow♪
MEIKO (VBS): Were you trying to say, “Isn't this cute?”
Luka (VBS): Meow!
MEIKO (VBS): Oh, you... Yes, that's cute, but promise me that you'll stay focused when you do cut these.
Luka (VBS): Meow!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka: Hehehe.
Luka: The me from that SEKAI really is interesting. I mean, she's such a free spirit. It's hard to tell what she's going to do next.
KAITO: To the point where even MEIKO, despite being so cool and collected, has trouble dealing with her antics sometimes.
MEIKO: That reminds me...! Idol Luka was also incredibly cute.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Luka (MMJ): Phew... Let's take a break here, shall we?
Miku (MMJ): Okay. Oh...
KAITO (MMJ): Sorry, Miku, but do you have a minute to check over something regarding our practice with Minori and the others tomorrow?
Miku (MMJ): Okay♪ I'll be right back, Luka.
Luka (MMJ): Yes, of course.
Luka (MMJ): I know I'm supposed to be taking a break, but it's hard not to feel bored...
Luka (MMJ): Oh...
Luka (MMJ): Hmm... From this angle, only Miku should be able to see me.
Miku (MMJ): He-Hehe...
KAITO (MMJ): ...? Is something the matter, Miku?
Miku (MMJ): S-Sorry, KAITO.
Miku (MMJ): Luka, I'm having trouble paying attention to what he's saying.
Luka (MMJ): Oh? I'm just massaging my cheeks.
Luka (MMJ): You should be lishening to what KAITO is shaying.
Miku (MMJ): He-Hehehe. Luka, stop!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka: Oh, it sounds like that me is as mischievous as ever.
MEIKO: Yes, what she did was very cute and even put smiles on all of our faces.
KAITO: Still, it's amazing how soft that Luka's cheeks are.
Miku: *Nod* I mean, they stretch so much...
Luka: What an adorable skill. Actually, I might see if I can do the same thing...
Miku: Oh, in that case... Let's have a contest to see whose cheeks can stretch out the farthest.
MEIKO: Great idea! We should also invite Rin and Len!
Luka: Hehe. This should be fun.
(Black cut)
