1103_Megurine Luka_RB Happy Anniversary! 2026

Gacha phrase: It truly is...a blissful feeling.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Some weeks before Luka's anniversary]

[Empty SEKAI]

Kanade: Now that everyone's listened to the demo, shall we head back?
Mizuki: Yeah! I've got a bunch of ideas now, so I can't wait to get started on the music video.
Ena: Alright, then let's get to work. Thanks for today, everyone.
Miku (N25): It's okay. See you—
Luka (N25): Hold on a moment.
Mafuyu: What's wrong?
Luka (N25): Well, I'm sure you're aware my anniversary is soon. I have a request.
Mizuki: Huh? That's kind of rare for you, Luka. Is there something you'd like?
Luka (N25): I suppose you could say that.
Luka (N25): I was wondering if you could bring a whole cake and a candle for each person.
Ena: A whole cake? So not a bunch of slices like usual? It'd be easier to get a variety of flavors that way, though...
Luka (N25): That's right. I find that it would feel more like a proper celebration if we all ate from the same cake.
Kanade: I see. Okay.
Mizuki: In that case, we better choose carefully to put a smile on Luka's face! Be sure to look forward to it♪
Luka (N25): I will. Please don't forget the candles as well.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Luka's Anniversary]

Mafuyu: Do we have everything for the party?
Mizuki: Yup! All that's left is to put the cake out.
Len (N25): Wow... It looks so yummy...
Rin (N25): The cream is pink.
Ena: Apparently it's berry-flavored. I thought it'd match Luka's look.
Luka (N25): Hehe, what a wonderful color.
Kanade: Oh, I also brought the candles. Did you want to put them on the cake, Luka?
Luka (N25): Oh, may I? Then, don't mind if I do.
Mafuyu: Speaking of which, why does it need to be one candle per person?
Mizuki: It's usually supposed to be the same as your age, right?
Luka (N25): Done. How does this look?
Ena: Nice. Looks good. Okay, I'll light them up—
Luka (N25): Wait. Before you do that... I have another request.
Rin (N25): Another request?
Luka (N25): I would like each person to light each candle as they wish me a happy anniversary.
Kanade: Light each candle as they give you their well-wishes?
Ena: Huh? Is this some sort of ritual?
Mafuyu: It would feel more ritualistic to blow them out one by one.
Ena: The details aren't important! Anyway, what's with the sudden request?
Luka (N25): Mizuki told me about this the other day... The me in your world gets wished a happy anniversary from her friends on the day of, right?
Luka (N25): So I would like to experience the same thing with all of you.
Len (N25): That's why you asked for a candle for each person...
Kanade: Um, I think that's doable...
Kanade: It'll be a little embarrassing to have you looking at us the whole time, though.
Mizuki: But I mean an anniversary is a special occasion, so we can't really refuse...
Mizuki: So, who would like to go first?
Mizuki: Um...
Mafuyu: If no one wants to, then I'll go.
Mafuyu: Happy anniversary, Luka.
MEIKO (N25): Happy anniversary. Hope you have a good one.
Ena: Oh, even MEIKO?
Rin (N25): Then, I'll go next. Happy anniversary, Luka.
Luka (N25): Is that not just a repeat of Mafuyu's? Would you change it up a bit?
Rin (N25): What?
Rin (N25): Um... Eat lots of cake.
Luka (N25): Hehe, thank you. I'll be sure to enjoy it.
Ena: Hold on, is this going to...
Mizuki: Get harder to come up with something different the longer we wait? Yeah.
Kanade: W-When should I go...
Ena: I guess the earlier the better, right? I'll go next—
Mizuki: Whoa, wait, hold up. You can't just slide in like that. Let's play fair and do rock, paper, scissors!
Mafuyu: Was this what Luka wanted?
MEIKO (N25): Who knows.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mizuki: Alright, let us now recommence!
Mizuki: First up is... Ena, because somehow she managed to win. All yours!
Ena: This doesn't sound very celebratory now. *Sigh* Anyway...
Ena: Happy anniversary, Luka. It's a special day, after all, so make sure to enjoy yourself.
Len (N25): Um... Happy anniversary, Luka. Um... Let's have a fun time today...
Kanade: Happy anniversary, Luka. Your opinions help me a lot. Thank you for everything.
Miku (N25): Happy anniversary, Luka. I'll do my best to make this a party to remember.
Mizuki: Alright, last up is me!
Mizuki: Happy anniversary, Luka! To express my gratitude, let's have an amazing time today♪
Luka (N25): Hehe. Thank you, everyone.
Luka (N25): It's a shame that KAITO wasn't here to give me his well-wishes, but I'll be sure to ask the next time I find him.
Kanade: Sounds good. Alright, ready to blow out the candles?
Mizuki: Yeah. Here we go. Happy anniversary, Luka!
Everyone: Happy anniversary.
Luka (N25): *Blow*
Luka (N25): Hehe. Thanks to all of you, this will be an anniversary to remember.
Luka (N25): Now, why don't we have some cake? I can't wait to see what kind of party today will turn out to be.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Rin's Voice (Rin): Hey everyone! Welcome to Luka's anniversary show!
Len's Voice (Len): Wow, that's a loud cheer. Seems like you all can't wait a second longer!
Len's Voice (Len): Alright then, we'd better call Luka out to the stage!
Rin's Voice (Rin): Yeah! All together! Ready...go!
Rin & Len's Voice: Luka!
Luka: Sorry for the wait, everyone. Thank you for coming to my anniversary show today.
Luka: For those of you at home, thank you for all your comments. I can see all of them.
Luka: To celebrate my anniversary like this with you all makes me so happy. Truly.
Luka: I want to express my gratitude to everyone who's found purpose in my music and those who support me.
Luka: Along with the medley, I have prepared about 16 songs. I hope you all enjoy them until the very end!
Luka: Without further ado, I would like to introduce my friends who will be performing with me today! Thank you for being here♪
Miku: All of us will be performing with Luka today!
MEIKO: We'll be getting this venue fired up together, so I hope you're prepared for a lot of fun!
KAITO: Everyone is cheering so much. We better be sure to reply in kind.
Luka: Then let's keep this momentum up and start the show. As for our first song...
Luka: Miku, Rin, MEIKO. Will you sing with me?
Rin: Sure thing! I'll be sure to show the fruits of my labor!
Luka: Hehe, I'll be counting on you. Alright... Start the music!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rin: C'mon everyone! Let's have as much fun as we can!
Miku: I want to see more of your smiles♪ Here we go!
Miku, Rin, Luka & MEIKO: ♪——! ♪————!
(Black cut)
Luka: For the next song... Len, KAITO. If you please.
KAITO: The first song already brought in so much energy, but... We can't let it stop there, Len!
Len: Yeah! I'll make sure my feelings come through my singing. All to celebrate Luka's special day!
Luka: Hehe, I'll cherish this chance to sing with both of you. Now, this next song is going to have a rock-like feel...
KAITO, Luka & Len: ♪——! ♪——! ♪——!
(Black cut)
Luka & MEIKO: ♪——! ♪————!
Rin: Hey! MEIKO, that's unfair! I want to sing with Luka too!
MEIKO: Oh my. Unfortunately for you, I have no intention of giving my spot to you today.
Rin: What?!
Luka: In that case, why don't we sing together from this part? Come, let's do it!
Rin, Luka & MEIKO: ♪————! ♪————!
(Black cut)
Miku: Are you ready, Luka?
Luka: Yes, of course. Let's give everyone our best performance.
Luka: And translate the venue's energy into song...
Miku & Luka: ♪————————!
(Black cut)
Luka: Thank you for listening, everyone!
KAITO: You did amazing in your solo, Luka! Everyone here and at home was super energetic!
Luka: Yes. It felt like everyone's voices gave me the push I needed. I had so much fun singing as well.
Luka: There's only a few more songs left for today. Singing one after another truly does make time fly by.
Luka: If only I could sing like this with you forever...
Luka: But it's because our time is limited that I want this to be memorable for all of you.
MEIKO: Luka...
Luka: To make today a special memory for everyone, I'm going to sing with all my heart until the very end.
Luka: I'll be counting on all of you, as well.
Miku: You got it!
Miku: Well, so that we can give it our all in the last spurt...
Miku: Luka, we have prepared messages for you!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000406/bg_s000406.webp)
Miku: Happy anniversary, Luka! Your songs resonate in my heart. And I know that they also give courage to a lot of others.
Miku: It makes me so happy to sing next to you and help your feelings get across to those people. Looking forward to more years with you, Luka!
Rin: Hehehe. Getting to see you perform a cool solo and having so much fun singing with everyone just made my day♪
Rin: Happy anniversary, Luka! Let's sing lots and lots more!
Len: Happy anniversary, Luka! Your songs hold so much passion, and I couldn't help but get fired up singing next to you!
Len: So... I know that your feelings have definitely come across! I'm going to keep doing my best too. Let's give it our all until the very end!
MEIKO: Happy anniversary, Luka! You're always so calm and attentive that I always find myself leaning on you.
MEIKO: But just remember, you can lean on me too, okay? So when you do, feel free to launch yourself at me♪
KAITO: Luka. You've been so amazing in today's show. Your singing and dancing were more amazing than ever, and even though I was right there next to you, I was spellbound.
KAITO: Your performances are just so enchanting. Once again, happy anniversary! There's only a little left to go, so let's keep this energy until the very end!
(White cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO: Alright everyone, are you all ready? Here we go!
Everyone: Happy anniversary, Luka!
Luka: Everyone... Thank you so much for celebrating with me today.
Luka: I wanted to express my gratitude for everyone who has continued to support me through my songs in today's show. Did my feelings reach you?
Luka: Thank you. Your feelings have reached me too.
Luka: To return the love you give me... And to express my feelings... I'm going to keep singing for all of you.
Luka: So, I hope you'll continue to support me!
KAITO: I'm certain your feelings came across, Luka.
Luka: It makes me happy to hear that. Alright...
Luka: Let's sprint to the finish!
Everyone: Yeah!
Luka: Let's all have a great time until the very end! The next song is—
(White cut)
