1112_Megurine Luka (MMJ)_R4 Accept Your Regrets (event_157)

Gacha phrase: I know you've been able to deliver hope.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Luka (MMJ): Okay, one, two, three, four! Five, six, seven, eight!
Len & Miku: One, two, three, four! Five, six, seven, eight!
Luka (MMJ): Wonderful! You two are dancing in perfect sync♪
Miku (MMJ): Thank you for agreeing to help us practice, Luka! We couldn't have done this without you.
Len (MMJ): Now we just gotta fine-tune the timing for each move and make sure we move our hands at the same angle.
Miku (MMJ): Yes! Let's keep doing our best, Len!
Minori: Hi, you guys! We came to practice!
Miku (MMJ): Oh! Welcome, everyone♪
Len (MMJ): We were also just having dance practice. Come join us.
Shizuku: Yes, we'd love to.
Luka (MMJ): Is Haruka somewhere else today?
Airi: Yes, she's at the TV station. She said she'd come join us if she has time, but...
Luka (MMJ): The TV station...
Luka (MMJ): (She must be trying to find out why they stopped receiving offers.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Haruka: I am happy that we've started receiving offers again...
Haruka: But the reason why we stopped receiving offers after Idol Lovers still remains a mystery.
(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Luka (MMJ): (I've been a little worried about her ever since she said that.)
Luka (MMJ): (But not enough to go tell the others about what happened right away. For now, I'll keep an eye on how things unfold.)
Airi: Then, Miku, can you take Haruka's place?
Miku (MMJ): Okay♪ I'll do my best to look as sharp as her when she dances!
Len (MMJ): Luka, let's watch them dance together! What do you say?
Luka (MMJ): Yes, let's.
(Black cut)

[A few days later]

Minori: Hello! Thank you for having us again today!
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, thank you for coming!
Rin (MMJ): Oh, we want you all to see how we do that dance now♪
KAITO (MMJ): We've become so good that Miku and Len may have a hard time keeping up with us now.
Airi: Yeah, we heard that MEIKO was a really tough coach! So, why don't you show us before we start practicing together?
Luka (MMJ): No Haruka again today, I see.
Shizuku: Unfortunately... But she has been investigating very thoroughly for us.
Rin (MMJ): Investigating? You mean how you stopped getting offers?
Minori: Yeah. She's been asking basically everyone she knows to see if they can provide her with any clues.
Luka (MMJ): I see...
Luka (MMJ): So, would it be alright for me to go see her?
Airi: Huh? That should be fine, but why do you ask now, all of a sudden?
Luka (MMJ): Why...?
Luka (MMJ): Because it feels like I haven't spoken to her in ages♪
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, Luka...
Shizuku: It should be okay to talk to her whenever she's in her room or over at the MORE MORE HOUSE.
Airi: You're acting all playful, but something tells me that you're actually worried about her...
Luka (MMJ): What makes you say that? I really do just want to talk to her.
Airi: Hehe. Then, when you do talk to her, see how she's doing for us.
Airi: While we've been getting ready for our streams and show appearances, Haruka's been investigating nonstop.
Airi: Which probably hasn't been easy for her...
Airi: On top of that, I feel like she's been keeping her distance in order to allow us to focus on our own work.
Shizuku: I agree...
Minori: But if what you're saying is true, then that means we have to make the most of every second that she's giving us.
Airi: Right.
Airi: So, Luka, we feel a lot better knowing that you have Haruka's best interests in mind.
Luka (MMJ): Hehe.
Luka (MMJ): In that case, when I do go talk to her, I'll try to see how she's doing.
Luka (MMJ): And if it turns out she isn't having trouble, I'll have a long, long chat with her, for a change of pace♪
MEIKO (MMJ): A change of pace for who?
Luka (MMJ): Oh, for Haruka, of course.
Rin (MMJ): What? There's no way.
Airi, Minori & Shizuku: Haha! Hehe.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Luka (MMJ): (She found out why they stopped receiving offers, but...)
Luka (MMJ): Light...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haruka: An idol is a light.
Haruka: A light that can never go out. A bright beacon of hope that has a duty to stay illuminated for the sake of their fans.
Haruka: At no point can they go out and leave everybody wandering around in the dark.
Luka (MMJ): <Mr. Hiiragi said that...?>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka (MMJ): (Yes, I am inclined to agree with what he said.)
Luka (MMJ): (Because that is the idealized version of an idol that the masses demand.)
Luka (MMJ): (But...)
Luka (MMJ): (There's more to being an idol than just that.)
Luka (MMJ): I know Haruka and the others will...
Miku (MMJ): Hello, Luka♪ Was Haruka okay?
Luka (MMJ): She seems to be doing much better now.
Luka (MMJ): Oh, that reminds me. She also told me about some very important things.
Len (MMJ): Very important things?
Luka (MMJ): This is going to take a bit of time to explain, if none of you mind.
(Black cut)
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh... I had no idea...
KAITO (MMJ): This Mr. Hiiragi must be doing everything in his power to make sure ReLight succeeds.
Rin (MMJ): Yeah, and MORE MORE JUMP! is getting less work as a result! That seems really unfair.
Miku (MMJ): However, Haruka herself said that there's a clear skill gap between her group and his.
Luka (MMJ): Right. And that, if one were asked to choose between MORE MORE JUMP! and ReLight, that would be the deciding factor.
MEIKO (MMJ): Now that you mention it...
MEIKO (MMJ): Didn't they all work so hard to prepare for Idol Lovers after being completely blown away by ReLight's performance during rehearsals?
Rin (MMJ): Yeah♪ I remember Airi saying that during practice!
Rin (MMJ): As great as it was to get to collaborate on something with them, the thought of having to dance alongside them was a really scary prospect.
KAITO (MMJ): Because they're so formidable...
KAITO (MMJ): Shizuku said something similar about that one girl from ReLight when it was decided that they'd appear together in that commercial, remember?
Miku (MMJ): Right. She was worried that she didn't have what it took, and that she'd end up ruining the commercial...
Len (MMJ): I remember being impressed by ReLight during their joint performance, but I guess they really must be something else, huh...?
Luka (MMJ): Yes.
MEIKO (MMJ): Has Haruka told the others about this already?
Luka (MMJ): No... Not yet.
Miku (MMJ): They're going to be so sad.
Luka (MMJ): Yes, it is going to come as a bit of a shock to them.
Luka (MMJ): But...
Luka (MMJ): I'm sure they'll get back up fairly quickly.
Luka (MMJ): Because they're set on spreading hope to others as idols.
Miku (MMJ): Oh...
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. I agree.
MEIKO (MMJ): Then, that means we have to hold out on our end♪
Rin (MMJ): Right! KAITO, let's get back to our dance training!
KAITO (MMJ): Okay! Can you keep coaching us, MEIKO?
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, of course!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, Len, that means we need to keep practicing as well! Let's make sure we're able to put on a beautiful dance together!
Len (MMJ): Yeah! Luka, can you keep coaching us?
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. Of course.
Luka (MMJ): (After all, as the idols of this SEKAI, we need to keep doing our best to remain beacons of hope♪)
(Black cut)
