1199_Megurine Luka (WxS)_R3 Gentle Wake-Up Call (event_172)

Skill name: Comfy Napping Tour
Gacha phrase: Oh, good... You're awake.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Luka (WxS): I have those costumes, everyone.
Miku (WxS): Oh, you brought so many! Thank you, Luka☆
Rin (WxS): Look at all the pretty white clothes☆ Oh, this dress is really cute!
Luka (WxS): Hehe. Our next show takes place in a world of clouds, so I felt that white costumes were the best way to go.
Miku (WxS): Especially with how frilly and fluffy they are! That makes them feel so floaty too!
Rin (WxS): Wow, yeah! We could even put wings on them!
Luka (WxS): It'd be hard to live in the sky without wings, for sure.
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO-WxS): Okay, it's finished!
MEIKO (WxS): What do you think of our background standee, everyone?
Luka (WxS): Oh, it's so big.
Miku (WxS): Wow! You two painted it all blue?!
Len (WxS): Hehe. We put in a huge effort!
Luka (WxS): We used cloth backdrops for the last show we did set atop the clouds, but this drawing is lovely.
Len (WxS): We wanted to make the sky really pretty, so we tried painting it a bunch of different ways.
Rin (WxS): It looks amazing♪ And it will go so well with our white costumes!
MEIKO (WxS): Oh, that's wonderful to hear! Are you okay with this, KAITO?
Len (WxS): Huh? Where's KAITO?
Luka (WxS): He was nearby just a second ago... Oh, he's sitting over there.
KAITO (WxS): ...
Miku (WxS): KAITO?
MEIKO (WxS): You don't look very happy.
KAITO (WxS): Hm? Oh...!
KAITO (WxS): I'm sorry. I was just thinking about something...
Luka (WxS): What is it that's bothering you?
KAITO (WxS): So, it's about our props.
KAITO (WxS): I've been thinking about how we're going to represent the clouds onstage, and I still haven't come up with a solution.
Len (WxS): The clouds, huh... Do we want to make standees for those too?
Miku (WxS): Or what if we did the same thing as that other time? With all the smokey smoke?
KAITO (WxS): I thought about that as well. Standees would seem too rigid, and it'd be difficult to achieve the right effect with just smoke.
Luka (WxS): Right. They need to look fluffy, since it's supposed to be a peaceful and happy world.
KAITO (WxS): Exactly. I wish I could come up with a better idea...
Luka (WxS): Fluffy... Fluffy...
Luka (WxS): Oh, I know.
Miku (WxS): Ooh, what?
Luka (WxS): What if we used some fluffy, white cushions?
Luka (WxS): They might look like real clouds if we made a whole lot and covered the stage with them.
Rin (WxS): Wow, that's a great idea☆
KAITO (WxS): Yes, that might just do the trick.
Luka (WxS): Would it also be good to have a variety of sizes?
Luka (WxS): Some that are big enough to hug, and some you could rest your head on.
KAITO (WxS): I see. Having a variety could help the stage look more mystical.
Luka (WxS): And we'll need to make them just the right softness. Not too hard, but also not too soft.
Luka (WxS): I'd say fluffy in a way that they wrap themselves around you.
Len (WxS): Yeah, fluffy. They'd definitely be like real clouds like that.
Rin (WxS): That's amazing, Luka☆ You just keep coming up with all these great ideas!
Luka (WxS): Hehe. That's because they're such important props.
MEIKO (WxS): Still...
MEIKO (WxS): Clouds that are soft, fluffy and wrap themselves around you could almost be used as pillows.
KAITO (WxS): Pillows...
KAITO (WxS): Speaking of which, I remember us talking a little while back about gathering up some fluffy fabric in order to turn into cloud-like pillows...
KAITO (WxS): Along with how we could use them during a show and when we sleep.
Luka (WxS): Yes. That's why we should take this opportunity to make as many as we can.
KAITO (WxS): Haha. I had a feeling.
KAITO (WxS): I was wondering why you were coming up with all these ideas to make them comfortable...
KAITO (WxS): But with this concrete an image in mind, they should turn out well.
Luka (WxS): Oh, does that mean you'll make them?
KAITO (WxS): Yes. But they're props, so please try not to use them too much as pillows, okay?
Luka (WxS): Of course. I'll be looking forward to seeing how they turn out.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Luka (WxS): This way, everyone.
Luka (WxS): Are we all still together?
Plushies: Yeah!
Plushie A: Where do you think she's taking us today?
Plushie B: Probably another really amazing place! I can't wait!
Luka (WxS): Hehe. Yes, it's a very fun place.
Luka (WxS): A place where the sky is blue, the clouds are fluffy and the sea is so sparkly and beautiful...
Luka (WxS): It's the perfect place to take a nap♪
Plushie A: Wow! That sounds really nice! I can't wait to take a nap there!
KAITO's Voice (KAITO-WxS): Everyone!
Luka (WxS): Oh, that sounds like KAITO...
Plushie B: Hey, look! He's over there!
MEIKO (WxS): We were wondering where you'd gone. You were with the plushies.
Rin (WxS): What are you guys doing? Going for a walk?
Luka (WxS): We were taking a napping tour.
KAITO (WxS): A napping tour...?
KAITO (WxS): Umm... What does that actually involve?
Miku (WxS): I don't know, but it sounds fun☆
Luka (WxS): It's very fun.
Luka (WxS): We're going around to all of the best napping spots that I've discovered and trying them out.
Rin (WxS): So you're taking naps in lots of different places?
Luka (WxS): That's right.
Len (WxS): Hey, that does sound like fun! We'll get to have so many different dreams!
Luka (WxS): Hehe. Yes, we will. I strongly recommend sleeping on the stage.
Rin (WxS): The stage?
Luka (WxS): Yes, it's very fun. When you sleep on the stage, you get to have dreams about all kinds of shows.
Luka (WxS): I suggest sleeping there whenever you feel like taking a smile-filled nap.
Miku (WxS): Wow, that sounds wonderful!
Len (WxS): I always wondered why you spent so much time sleeping on the stage. It's one of your favorite spots!
Rin (WxS): But I'm still not sure how to feel...
Luka (WxS): Hehe. It's perfectly safe. Why don't we all try taking a nap together♪
Luka (WxS): There's also... Oh, the ship. I recommend that too.
Len (WxS): The Pegasus Special Deluxe Wonder?
Luka (WxS): Yes, it's nice to get rocked to sleep while listening to the waves.
KAITO (WxS): It does sound very appealing when you put it that way.
MEIKO (WxS): I agree. I might go take a nap there sometime.
Luka (WxS): The Ferris wheel and hot air balloon are also fun places to take naps.
Len (WxS): Wait, the hot air balloon?!
Rin (WxS): Aren't you afraid of falling, sleeping up that high?
Luka (WxS): It's like sleeping on a cloud. It's very nice and comfy.
MEIKO (WxS): You've taken naps in so many different places...!
KAITO (WxS): We'll be sure to check the Ferris wheel and hot air balloon the next time we can't find you, Luka...
KAITO (WxS): But still, I didn't realize our SEKAI offered so many different sleep experiences.
Miku (WxS): I feel like taking a nap now!
Rin (WxS): Me too! Me too!
Luka (WxS): Then, why don't you all join the napping tour too?
Len (WxS): Woohoo!
MEIKO (WxS): Hehe. This is turning into a very relaxing day.
Luka (WxS): If you all have fun, then I'd like to invite Tsukasa and the others next time.
KAITO (WxS): It sounded like their show for the workshop is finished, so it would be nice to give them an opportunity to relax.
Luka (WxS): Hehe. Napping with everyone... That sounds very enjoyable.
(Black cut)
