58_Nene Kusanagi_R2 Wonderlands×Showtime

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: That was great! Thank you, everyone!
Tsukasa: See you tomorrow!
Rui: See you.
Nene: Bye.
Nene: ...
Nene: (I'll stay a bit longer to practice on my own.)
Nene: Let's get you over there...
Robo-Nene: ...
Nene: Robo-Nene, you'll be my audience. I'll sing for you.
Robo-Nene: ...
Nene: ――♪
Nene: (That went well. No stage fright at all...)
Nene: (But can I sing like this when the audience is actually filled with real people? What if I forget the lyrics...)
Nene: Phew...
Nene: I hope you enjoyed my song!
Nene: I'm no longer afraid of performing on stage, but that's only thanks to you, Robo-Nene.
Nene: Without you next to me, I lose confidence again...
Rui: Hmm, this explains a lot.
Nene: !!
Rui: So that's why you kept bringing Robo-Nene here, even though she's already served her original purpose.
Nene: You... You were spying on me?
Rui: Hehe, like the phantom of the opera, I appear unexpectedly.
Nene: So the answer is yes?
Rui: Well, I do apologize for eavesdropping.
Rui: Perhaps I can buy your forgiveness with this can of your favorite grapefruit juice?
Nene: You think my forgiveness is that cheap?
Rui: Hehe, I was hoping for a buddy discount.
Rui: Jokes aside...
Rui: I'm pleased that you've been taking such good care of Robo-Nene even though we haven't been using her for our shows.
Nene: ...
Rui: She's already accomplished the mission I had set out for her when I built her...
Rui: But it seems it's too early to retire her. She's still needed.
Nene: So?
Rui: I have a proposition. You would have to let me take her from you for a short while, though. Is that okay?
Nene: What are you planning to do? Modify her?
Rui: No. I just want to implement some upgrades.
Nene: What sort?
Rui: She has high functionality, but improvements could be made to usability.
Rui: I'm thinking of making it so that you could operate Robo-Nene while performing on stage alongside her.
Nene: You don't mind doing that for me?
Rui: Of course not. As the stage director, I'm happy to make any necessary accommodations for my troupe to perform at the best of their ability.
Nene: Hmph...
Nene: Just remember I won't like it if you add any weird functions to her.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Let's start our planning meeting!
Tsukasa: I want our next show to feature innovative elements never before seen on stage! So, let's get brainstorming!
Nene: Um...
Emu: How about, how about we all fly!
Tsukasa: That gets points for showiness, but not for innovation. Give me something better than this!
Emu: Okay, then... A show where we EXPLODE!
Tsukasa: And why would we want to do that?!
Emu: Because then everyone will have a blast! And we can have colorful smoke and effects!
Emu: I want to explode into a red cloud of smoke!
Tsukasa: If anything, I'd be getting red smoke. Since ancient times, red has been the color reserved for leaders!
Tsukasa: Unfortunately, Emu, having the stage filled with smoke would make it impossible for the audience to see anything! And for this reason, I must reject this idea too!
Tsukasa: Has anyone else got anything?
Nene: Well, I—
Emu: Me, me! Same idea but without the smoke!
Tsukasa: Forget about explosions, Emu!
Nene: AHEM...
Rui: It seems Nene has a suggestion.
Emu: But—ngh!
Tsukasa: (Did he just shove a donut into Emu's mouth so fast my eyes couldn't follow?!)
Emu: Mmm? Nom nom...
Rui: Well, Nene?
Nene: (He didn't need to shut Emu up for me...)
Nene: Rui has taken Robo-Nene for upgrades...
Nene: And once they're complete, I'd like to perform together with her.
Nene: (Tsukasa will probably shoot down my suggestion because he wouldn't want Robo-Nene to steal his spotlight.)
Tsukasa: Okay, so we'd be using Robo-Nene for our next play. But what sort of performance do you have in mind?
Nene: Huh?
Nene: (That...was a more positive reaction than I was expecting.)
Nene: Well that... That depends on what upgrades Rui is going to give her...
Rui: If I might offer my suggestion, the play could begin with only Robo-Nene on stage...
(Black cut)
Emu: Hmm, yeah! That's cool! Let's tumble with this idea!
Tsukasa: It's let's roll with, not tumble!
Tsukasa: Anyhow, I like the novelty of it. You got me on board.
Nene: That's...cool.
Emu: I can't wait to see Robo-Nene Version 2.0!
Rui: Be patient. It'll be worth the wait.
Nene: Right.
Tsukasa: Go ahead and give her all the upgrades you can think of, but she's not going to outshine me, for I am the true star!
Nene: The brightest star in the constellation of Goofus.
Tsukasa: G-Goofus?!
Emu: And since you're relatively cool... You're a red dwarf! Rufous Goofus!
Tsukasa: I...don't want to be called that!
Rui: A clever rhyme, Emu. Rufous Goofus has a nice ring to it.
Tsukasa: Can you please stop! It sounds dumb!
Nene: That's why it suits you perfectly, Rufous Goofus...Doofus.
Tsukasa: How dare you! And don't add to it!
Emu: Rufous Goofus, Rufous Doofus♪
Tsukasa: Don't make it into a song! Stop dancing to it!
Nene: Hehe.
(Black cut)
