59_Nene Kusanagi_R3 Backstage Operator

Gacha phrase: Performing as a robot... this is so dumb.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: I've just thought of something! Why don't we incorporate dances from around the world into this scene?
Robo-Nene: Dances from around the world? Why?
Tsukasa: It perfectly portrays the character of Prince Pegasus!
Tsukasa: Prince Pegasus acts for the sake of world peace, remember? Featuring dances from around the world would be one way to express that! What do you think of this great idea of mine?
Nene: (There he goes with his nonsensical talk again...)
Emu: Whoa, that sounds fun! Let's do it!
Tsukasa: I'm glad we see eye to eye! That's decided then! We'll incorporate dances from around the world!
Nene: (And the other one only wants to do what sounds fun...)
Robo-Nene: Sigh... I don't mind, but can you be a bit more specific about the exact kind of dances you want to include?
Tsukasa: We'll think about that now!
Robo-Nene: So you were just blurting out whatever came to your mind?
Rui: Dances from around the world... In that case, folk dances like flamenco and hopak may be good options to consider. The Bharatanatyam may be an interesting addition too.
Rui: We could change our background music too. Something like czardas or mazurka would fit nicely.
Emu: Wow! That sounds super fun! Let's try all that!
Tsukasa: By the way, Emu... Do you know those dances he mentioned?
Emu: Nopes!
Tsukasa: Then why...
Tsukasa: How about you, Nene? Do you know them?
Robo-Nene: I know flamenco and hopak, but not the others...
Rui: The Bharatanatyam is an Indian classical dance, one of the four major classical dances, in fact.
Rui: Czardas and mazurka are musical styles that were popular during the 19th century. They were both used in Coppelia—
Tsukasa: Did you just say Coppelia?! That makes them songs that are just perfect for me! Excellent! We'll use them!
Robo-Nene: Coppelia, as in, that Coppelia?
Emu: Copyleer?
Tsukasa: Coppelia is a comic ballet that was created in the 19th century and still beloved by many audiences today.
Robo-Nene: I'm a little surprised you actually know your stuff. Then show us how the dance goes.
Rui: Sure, that's fine.
Tsukasa: What? I don't remember the exact moves...
Rui: Then just move as I tell you to, alright?
Tsukasa: W-Well, I can do that, yes...
Rui: Nene, Emu, go down and watch us from the front of the stage.
Emu: Will do!
Robo-Nene: Fine.
Rui: First of all, raise both arms.
Tsukasa: Like this?
Rui: Yes, that's right. Next, draw a semicircle with your left arm as you put your right arm on your waist.
Emu: Woooow!
Robo-Nene: Pfft...
Nene: (Th-This isn't a ballet move...)
Rui: Then, move your right hand next to your face, clench your fist, and...
Emu: Transform into Gutsman!
Rui: Correct, Emu. That was a perfect Gutsman pose.
Tsukasa: Excuse me?! What were you trying to make me do, Rui?!
Robo-Nene: Hehe... People usually...hehe...realize what's going on halfway through, you know. Are you dumb? Hehe...
Tsukasa: I only followed his instructions because you said you wanted to see the dance!
Emu: I'm next! I wanna do it too! Watch me go!
Tsukasa: You don't have to! Let's just focus on the script instead! Hey, Nene...I mean, Robo-Nene!
Nene: Huh?
Tsukasa: Stop sitting there and come back onto the stage already! We need to continue discussing the script.
Emu: Yeah! Let's do the Gutsman pose together, Robo-Nene!
Tsukasa: Forget Gutsman already! Hurry up and come over!
Nene: ...
Nene: (He wasn't very keen on having a robot around at first, but now he treats not me, but Robo-Nene as an official member of the troupe.)
Nene: He's such a strange fool...
Tsukasa: Robo-Nene! Did you hear me?
Robo-Nene: Yeah, yeah.
Tsukasa: Once is enough!
Robo-Nene: Yeeeah.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

(Black cut)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: Um... Hello.
Emu: Ah! Nene! Hi ho!
Emu: Huh? You're alone today? Where are Tsukasa and Rui?
Nene: Th-They, um, will be late because of detention, so yes, I came here by myself...
Emu: Both of them have detention together? Do I smell an incident?!
Nene: Tsukasa almost got blown up in the swimming pool... He's fine, but the explosion created a plume of water. Because of that, they had to stay back for detention.
Emu: Explosions and plumes of water?! That sounds so fun! I'll have to ask them about it later!
Emu: Okay, let's get the place ready while we wait for them! Starting with the cleanup!
Nene: Ah, okay, I just have to wipe the floor...right?
Emu: Yup! Thanks! Oh, and don't mind that creaky spot over there♪
Nene: Okay, got it.
Nene: Huh? This stain won't come off.
Emu: Oh, that's been there for a long time. It won't come off!
Nene: Oh, okay. Has this line stain been here for a long time too?
Emu: Yeah, that too! I've tried a few different methods to remove them, but they just won't go away.
Emu: Hm... It may be time to apply some wax over the floor. The coating over there has come off. We'll need to fix it.
Nene: ...
Nene: (Emu is so serious about this... Come to think of it...)
Nene: This place is important to you and your grandfather, right?
Emu: That's right! Grandpa was the one who made this stage!
Emu: I've watched so many shows here and saw it transform into all sorts of different worlds before and after the performances!
Nene: Different worlds...
Emu: Yup! That's why I want to keep putting big, bright smiles on people's faces from the worlds we create on this stage!
Nene: Is that...your dream?
Emu: Yup! What about you, Nene?
Nene: What?
Emu: It's your dream to become a musical actress, right? What made you have that dream?
Nene: Well, I guess... It was because of the musical Rui and I watched together when we were little?
Nene: I was so moved by that musical because everything inside, from the singing to the dancing and acting was amazing. I wanted to be able to sing and dance like that one day too.
Emu: Oh! And that's why you wanted to become a stage actress.
Nene: Yes... Rui also started wanting to become a stage director because of that musical too.
Emu: Sharing the same dream after watching the same show... How wonderhoy-ful is that?!
Nene: Hm... When you put it that way, it does seem wonderful.
Emu: And then? And then what happened?!
Nene: Um... Rui and I started learning about stage shows on our own, I guess?
Emu: Okay, but what did you do, exactly?
Nene: We watched different musicals, movies, and tried to put into practice what we had learned...
Emu: Whoa... I always thought you sang so well. So it's because you've been practicing since you were little!
Emu: Hehehe...
Nene: Emu? What are you so happy about?
Emu: I'm happy because I got to talk so much with you!
Nene: Oh...
Emu: What about you? Are you happy?
Nene: ...
Nene: Yes. I'm happy too, I think.
Nene: Ah...
Nene: A message from...Rui?
Rui: <We just ended here. We're heading over there as quickly as we can now.>
Emu: What is it? What did he say?
Nene: He said they're heading over here now.
Nene: (It's fun when everyone practices together, but...)
Nene: (For now, I hope I can talk to Emu for just a bit longer.)
Nene: <You don't have to rush or anything. Take your time.> Send.
(Black cut)
