123_Nene Kusanagi_R2 Wonder Wand (event_3)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: The next show after Halloween?
Tsukasa: Yes, exactly! Since Halloween is already over, we need to start thinking about what our next show is going to be.
Nene: I thought Rui was already planning for that, though?
Rui: Some parts haven't been finalized yet, but the general flow is mostly settled. I would love to hear your opinions on what I currently have.
Emu: The next show is gonna be about outer space, right?! Where we do the floaty-float and whirly-whirl thing?!
Nene: Only you and Rui can understand that...
Rui: Hehe, well, to be a bit more specific...
Rui: We're going to have Tsukasa become an ephemeral star for us in an outer space setting.
Tsukasa: Hey... I don't like this feeling I'm getting. What do you mean, ephemeral star? Am I going to be put into a state of suspended animation or something?
Rui: No, you're going to literally become a star in the sky.
Tsukasa: That doesn't make any more sense than your last explanation! Also, I'm now more worried than before!
Nene: There they go again.
Emu: They're back to their normal selves again!
Rui: Don't worry, Tsukasa. I've taken all the proper safety measures. So rest assured and become the shining star you've always wanted to be.
Tsukasa: That's not the kind of star I wanted to be!
Nene: Heh...what a pair of idiots.
Nene: (But I'm really happy for Rui.)
Nene: (Maybe he can finally move on from his past now.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Rui: Ahh, what a productive practice session that was. We turned Tsukasa into a true star today.
Nene: Yes... Literally, just as you said you would.
Rui: However, it would be a terrible waste for him to be flung so high that the audience can't even see him anymore, so I'll still need to polish up that part a bit more.
Rui: By the way. I've come up with a new performance for your big scene as well.
Rui: I should be finished with the final touches by today, so can we talk a bit more about that tomorrow?
Nene: Yeah.
Nene: Huh, a message? From Emu?
Nene: <Let's go to Wonder Stage together after school tomorrow♪>?
Nene: (We're just going for practice together, right? Fine by me.)
Nene: Hm? There's another message... <I'll go fetch you, so wait for me in the classroom!>?
Rui: That reminds me. Emu has been coming over to our school to visit us quite often lately, hasn't she?
Nene: She intends to trespass again?!
Nene: <Do NOT come inside. Wait at the school gate!> This should stop her.
Rui: Hehe... You're not telling her to not come at all, hm?
Nene: Huh? It's not like she'd listen even if I told her that, anyway.
Rui: Is that really all?
Nene: What are you trying to say?
Rui: After all that's said and done, I can tell you seem to be having a lot of fun yourself recently too.
Rui: Maybe because you've found a good friend in Emu?
Nene: Friend? Feels more like I'm just being led around by her into all sorts of troublesome situations...
Rui: You say that, but you're always replying to her messages properly, as troublesome as you claim them to be.
Rui: According to my observations, Emu's messages are the only ones you diligently try to reply to.
Nene: You make it sound as if Emu's my only friend or something...
Nene: I'll have you know that I have plenty of friends that I can talk to.
Rui: You mean friends in the video games you play, right?
Nene: And what's wrong with that?
Rui: I'm not saying it's wrong to make friends through games.
Rui: But for friends like that, you only talk to them about game items and how to maximize grinding efficiency, right?
Nene: Ugh... It doesn't matter what we talking about. The point is we do talk!
Nene: Oh... Another message from Emu.
Nene: What? <Let's have lunch together too!>?!
Nene: She intends to break into school at lunch hour?!
Nene: I-I'd better reply her right now!
Nene: <Don't you have school friends you can have lunch with? Eat with them!> There.
Nene: An instant reply? Oh, does she ever listen?! Look here...
Rui: Hehe, you're definitely having fun any way you slice it.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 1-B]

Classmate A: Sigh, lunch break at long last. Hey, where should we go for lunch today?
Classmate B: How about the courtyard, since the weather's pretty good?
Nene: (Yes, the weather's great, but any time spent moving around is time I can't use to enjoy my lunch break.)
Nene: (Instead, I should use that time to complete some daily missions or spend some stamina in the games that I'm playing...)
???: Neeeneee♪ Where aaare youuu? Ahh!
Nene: (Hm? I've heard that voice somewhere before...)
Emu: There you are, Nene! Found you!
Nene: Wait, what?
Emu: Hehehe, here I am♪ Let's have lunch together, Nene♪
Nene: Huh... No... Whaaaaaat?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama High School - Rooftop]

Nene: Huff... Huff...
Emu: I was so surprised, Nene! I've never heard you shriek so loudly before!
Nene: I didn't know I had it in me either...
Nene: (Sigh... I'm so surprised that my heart is still beating so quickly.)
Nene: (I have so many questions, like what're you doing here? Outsiders aren't allowed on school grounds, you know? But...)
Emu: Anyway, let's have lunch together♪ I'm sooo hungry!
Nene: (Yup, it's not like she's going to get the hint, and it'll just make me more tired, so I guess that's that.)
Nene: Okay... I don't think anyone will be coming to the rooftop, so we should be safe here.
Nene: (There's nothing I can do today, I guess... But she's really going to get caught and scolded by the teachers one day.)
Emu: Well, since we've already found our lunch spot, I'll call Miku out now♪
Nene: Huh? Miku?
(White cut)
Miku (WxS): <Yaaay♪ Hi ho, Emu!>
Miku (WxS): <Oh, we're having lunch with Nene today, right? Hi Nene!>
Nene: Wh-What's going on? Why is she appearing like it's completely normal?
Emu: Huh? You didn't know, Nene? If you have a smartphone capable of playing holograms, you can have a normal conversation with Miku like this!
Miku (WxS): <Yup yup! I can totally appear on your smartphone too, Nene!>
Miku (WxS): <Just wait for it... And now I'm saying hello from Nene's smartphone!>
Nene: Wow, you're right... No wait, that's not what I meant!
Nene: Um, when did you start talking with Miku like this, Emu?
Emu: Let me see... When she came to cheer me on during my school's sports day, I think♪
Miku (WxS): <After that, Emu told me I was welcome to visit her at school anytime, and so I did♪>
Nene: Oh, okay... Does that mean you can appear like this on anybody's smartphone?
Miku (WxS): <Nah, only from smartphones loaded with songs that were born from true feelings.>
Emu: Ah, someone else is here? Let's get them to have lunch with us too! Food always tastes better when we eat them together with someone else♪
Nene: Wait, we can't let people find out that there's an outsider in the school! You need to hide, quickly—
Tsukasa: Whoa! I knew I heard her voice! Emu, what're you doing here?
Nene: Eh, Tsukasa? And Rui too? But how come?
Emu: Tsukasa and Rui! Yahohoy!
Tsukasa: Yahohoy yourself! Do you know what you've done?!
Emu: Uhh, am I not welcome here? It's so sad that I'm the only one in a different school, and I only wanted to have lunch together with Nene...
Tsukasa: Ugh... I mean I understand how you feel, but it's still not good to break into another school like this.
Rui: In that case, why don't we all gather at SEKAI for lunch?
Nene: Hmm?
Rui: Considering the short travel time and lower risk of being discovered by the teachers, it's a lot better to eat there, don't you think?
Miku (WxS): <That's a great idea, Rui!>
Emu: Alright♪ Now I can always have lunch together with Nene and Tsukasa and Rui♪
Tsukasa: What? Us too?
Emu: Of course! And if we're all together, we can talk about our shows too!
Rui: Lunch is starting to sound very entertaining now.
Nene: (Emu looks happy about this. I'm always eating lunch alone anyway, so it doesn't matter if I have it at school or in SEKAI, I guess...)
Nene: (But why does she want to eat lunch with me so much?)
Nene: (I'm not going to ask her, though, it's too embarrassing... I could just be overthinking this, anyway.)
Nene: (Oh... I know. I could send a message.)
Emu: And then I was like—ah, hang on. I just got a message.
Emu: Oh?! Hehehe♪ You get an immediate reply♪
Nene: (Hm? She replied already.)
Nene: !!
Emu: <Because Nene is a dear friend of mine!>
Nene: (A dear...friend...)
Nene: Oh...
Emu: Hehehe!
Nene: (You already have so many other friends, though...)
Nene: (But this feels kind of nice, I guess.)
(Black cut)
