142_Nene Kusanagi_R3 Animal Cotton Candy♪ (event_7)

Gacha phrase: I think I'll try a little harder too.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Nene: Now, the next scene is...
Miku (WxS): Nene! Nene!
Nene: Oh, Miku? What is it?
Miku (WxS): Your School Festival is coming up, right? Tsukasa's class is doing a play, but what about your class?
Nene: Oh, uh... We're running a cotton candy stall.
Miku (WxS): Really? That sounds fun too♪
Nene: Yeah, um... I guess.
Nene: (It would be fun if it didn't involve dealing with customers... I wish we picked something easier.)
Nene: (Sigh... I'm not looking forward to practicing how to make cotton candy tomorrow either. Maybe I can just skip it...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama High School - Courtyard]

Classmate A: We're going to split into two groups. Girls over here please!
Nene: ...
Nene: (I couldn't come up with a good excuse and now I'm stuck here...)
Classmate A: We'll start by making bear-shaped cotton candy!
Nene: (Oh, that's right... It's not just regular cotton candy, but animal-shaped cotton candy.)
Nene: (The example in the book looks really cute, but can I really make something like this?)
(Black cut)
Nene: (I... I did it?! Sticking to the instructions really helped.)
Classmate A: Wow! Nice job, Kusanagi!
Classmate B: Yeah, it's so cute! Our customers are gonna love it!
Nene: Th-Thank you...
Nene: (Maybe this is a little fun...)
Toya: Done...
Classmate C: Whoa! Was Toya born to make cotton candy?! This is perfect!
Nene: The boys are getting all excited too.
Classmate B: Whoa! Aoyagi's really good at this. We can't let them outdo us!
(Black cut)
Classmate A: Phew! That was fun! I think I'm getting the hang of it.
Classmate B: Yeah. It takes a while to make even just one. We might have to make a bunch in advance.
Classmate C: That sounds good. Having lots of different ones on display should attract more customers too.
Nene: (They all seem like they're having fun...)
Nene: (This atmosphere has the same feel as when we're preparing our shows...)
Classmate A: Yeah, that's a good idea! I mean, who can resist trying one of these adorable cotton candy creatures?
Classmate B: Hey, no eating the product!
Classmate C: And screwing up on purpose too!
Classmates: Hahaha!
Nene: Hehe...
Nene: (They care so much about our stall being successful. I feel like I should make a bit of an effort too.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School Festival - The day of]

Nene: Good morning.
Classmate A: Oh... Hi, Kusanagi...
Nene: I-Is something wrong? You look pale. Are you okay...?
Classmate A: Um... One of our cotton candy machines...! It's busted...!
Nene: (Oh no... And we were just about to get started making the candy!)
Classmate C: I have an idea! Let's ask Kamishiro and see if he can fix it! He's the guy that makes robots and drones, right?
Nene: (Yes...! That should be easy for Rui!)
Classmate A: I-I don't want to be the one to ask him. He's a second year, and I heard he's a creep who uses his drones to spy on other students!
Classmate B: Let's just start making the candy with the other machine. Otherwise, we won't have anything ready in time!
Classmate C: We can't make enough with just one machine!
Nene: Uh...
Nene: (I... I need to speak up...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Classmate A: Wow, you're good at it, Nene!
Classmate B: Yeah, it's so cute! Our customers are gonna love it!
(White cut)
Classmates: Hahaha!
Nene: Hehe...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: ...
Nene: U-Um...!
Classmate A: Kusanagi...?
Nene: I, um... I know Kamishiro, so...! I'll go ask him if he can help!
(Black cut)
Rui: There. All done. It won't give you any more trouble.
Nene: That's great...! Thanks, Rui!
Rui: You're welcome. But I must leave you now. Tsukasa wanted to see me too.
Nene: Sure. And thanks again!
Classmates: Thank you!
Nene: Phew, I'm so relieved...
Classmate A: Thanks for getting Rui to repair the cotton candy machine for us! We can open our stall now!
Classmate C: We can't thank you enough, Kusanagi! You're Class 1-B's savior!
Nene: I-It's not a big deal... It was Kamishiro who fixed the machine anyway. I just called him here...
Nene: (I was looking forward to running this stall with everyone too so...)
Classmate A: Alright, guys! Let's open for business!
Nene: Yeah!
Nene: (I'm glad they're all smiling again...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[A few days after the School Festival]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Alright, it's high time we started planning our next performance!
Emu: Yeah! Let's do it☆
Nene: It feels like it's been forever since we last met up to plan something together...
Rui: The School Festival kept us all busy so...
Tsukasa: Now, raise your hand if you have any suggestions!
Emu: Me! Me! Me! Can we do a show about animals?
Nene: A story about animals maybe...?
Emu: Yeah! There can be this one animal who's all by itself but it'll go on an adventure to fight a bad guy and make lots of friends along the way!
Tsukasa: Hmm. It's pretty orthodox, but it could work.
Rui: It's a nice story, but the structure is very similar to our previous shows.
Nene: Yeah. We've done some before where the protagonist defeats baddies and finds happiness.
Rui: Simple stories that are easy to follow are well-suited for children, but they might lose interest if we keep reusing the same ideas.
Tsukasa: Oh, how about we add more protagonists? Like in my class play about Romeos.
Nene: You just had a lot of people called Romeo in that and you were the only actual protagonist.
Rui: But I do like the idea of a play with multiple protagonists and parallel storylines.
Tsukasa: Oh! That is another way of doing it!
Rui: However, if we have too many characters, we risk overwhelming our young audience.
Rui: It may help to go with a motif that they're already familiar with...
Nene: (Something familiar... Maybe more realistic and less fantastic...)
Nene: (Something real... For me, that's going to school, rehearsing here or in SEKAI, then going home and playing games...)
Nene: (No... There's nothing exciting about just staying indoors.)
Nene: (Something else that's familiar, but a little out of the ordinary... The School Festival is the most recent thing that comes to mind...)
Nene: Oh, duh... The School Festival...
Tsukasa: Did you just have a eureka moment, Nene?!
Nene: It isn't that spectacular but...
Nene: I was thinking about school, the School Festival or some other festival. Something that most kids would be familiar with...
Nene: Um... For example, there could be this one kid with some kind of problem, like being lonely or wanting their family to make up after an argument...
Nene: But while they're preparing something for the festival, they make new friends and maybe have some small fights, but it all works out for them in the end.
Emu: Oh, wow! That's an awesome story!
Tsukasa: And it's even simple enough for little kids to understand!
Tsukasa: But hold on... Is it just me or does it sound too plain for us, especially compared to what we've been doing...?
Rui: Perhaps we could make it more interesting by having it take place at a school of magic?
Rui: If we keep it simple, I think the kids will enjoy it.
Rui: Magic is unusual and inexplicable, but it's a familiar and exciting concept to them.
Emu: Rui, that's genius! Then let's do a show about a school of magic's School Festival!
Nene: Um... We're really doing this?
Tsukasa: Hey, what's this now? It was your own suggestion!
Tsukasa: Okay, we've got the basics down. Now to hammer out the details!
Nene: (Th-They're really going with my suggestion...)
Emu: Oooh, I know! Since it's a school festival, we'll need lots and lots of stalls!
Tsukasa: Good idea! We could set them up both on stage and around the audience seats. How about that?
Rui: It would also be nice if some of them were actual shops and not just decorative. That way, the audience could take part in the play as well.
Nene: I see...
Nene: (It might be even more fun if you could get different stuff each day or week...)
Tsukasa: Nene, do you have anything you'd like to add?
Nene: Huh?
Tsukasa: Don't be shy. It's your story after all!
Nene: Um... I-I was just about to say something, okay?
(Black cut)
Rui: Everything is starting to turn out nicely thanks to you, Nene. But well...
Nene: Well, what?
Rui: Well, I was just thinking that you must've really enjoyed the School Festival to propose this idea. Hehe. I'm glad I fixed that cotton candy machine now.
Nene: Okay, okay. I mean, it only took you a few minutes to get it going again...
Tsukasa: Nene! I'm going to start writing the script. I need some more input from you.
Nene: Huh? But I already told you everything.
Tsukasa: That couldn't have been everything! This is your chance to make yourself heard and create your very own play. Don't pass it up!
Nene: (What happened to his overblown ego? He's always so pushy about putting what he wants in the script.)
Nene: Fine, I'll see what else I can think of... But you need to contribute too, okay...?
(Black cut)
