144_Nene Kusanagi_R4 Gift From Above (event_8)

Gacha phrase: Looks like you got a gift from above.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: The first day of our Christmas show went pretty well.
Rui: Yes, but we can't get complacent. Especially with the Phoenix Stage troupe's lead.
Tsukasa: Alright! Let's keep this momentum and leave them in the dust!
Emu: And let's make sure lots and lots of people smile after seeing our show☆
Tsukasa: That's the plan! And I've got an idea that can help us achieve that!
Nene: A plan?
Tsukasa: Nene, you overcame your fears and learned to unleash your true potential.
Tsukasa: Now, it's time for the rest of us to break out of our shells and spread our wings!
Nene: Huh...?
Nene: (I knew it'd be something dumb...)
Emu: Oh, I know! If we want to break out of our shells, we can start by becoming eggs!
Tsukasa: Hey, don't hijack the conversation just to have it get derailed even more!
Rui: Hehehe. A play where we all act like we've turned into eggs could be very interesting.
Tsukasa: Argh! Rui, don't side with her!
Tsukasa: Was my plan hatched too prematurely? What if the things that come out of it are more chaotic versions of them...?
Nene: You made it sound easy, Tsukasa, but... How do you suggest we actually do that?
Tsukasa: That's... Uh, something for all of us to think about!
Rui: Hmm... It would need to have an immediate effect for our Christmas show to benefit from it...
Rui: Which means... We should try overcoming something that's been challenging to us?
Rui: It would build our confidence and make us more resilient. It may even enable us to perform at our best under any circumstances.
Nene: (Yikes. That look in Rui's eyes... He's definitely plotting something weird. We might be better off practicing as usual.)
Nene: But overcoming personal difficulties is no easy matter. I don't think we have the time for this now, so let's just keep doing things the way we have been for now...
Tsukasa: Good thinking, Rui! Then improving the quality of our shows will surely allow us to grow as actors!
Emu: Oh, yeah! I like your idea too! The better we all get, the more smiles we can bring♪
Nene: Huh? Guys, you can't be serious...!
Rui: Hehehe. Since most of us are for it, I'll go and get what we'll need. Wait here.
Nene: (I tried stopping him... No one can blame me for what happens now.)
(Black cut)
Rui: Oof! There... Sorry for the wait.
Tsukasa: That's a fairly hefty box... What's in it?
Rui: A surprise. Why don't you see for yourself?
Tsukasa: Okay. Let's get it open... A-Aaargh!!
Nene: Oh, gross. Centipedes, spiders... Are these all just toy bugs...?
Rui: That's right. I wanted to use them for the Halloween show.
Rui: We went with a zombie theme in the end, so I didn't get any use of them... Hehe. Until now...
Tsukasa: They didn't need to see daylight, ever! Is this what you meant by overcoming challenges?!
Nene: Oh, right. You're scared of bugs, huh?
Rui: Yes, and he's particularly afraid of ones with many legs.
Tsukasa: ...
Rui: Oh? Where are you going, Tsukasa? Don't you want to break out of your shell and unlock your true potential?
Rui: We have to become masters of our own fears if we are to stage the most wonderful of shows!
Nene: (Wow, Rui's sadistically enjoying Tsukasa's misery...)
Rui: Let's cure your phobia, Tsukasa! It's time for... A bug shower!
Tsukasa: Gyaaah! Not all at once!
Nene: Eek! Get away...!
Nene: (I have to get away from Tsukasa or they'll get on me too! Oh, I know!)
Nene: Robo-Nene! Protect me!
Robo-Nene: Nene, are you okay?
Nene: Yes. Shield me from the bugs!
Tsukasa: What?! No fair, Nene! Protect me too...!
Nene: Get away from me, you idiot! You're the target here!
Rui: I only brought something for Tsukasa this time, and I wouldn't want you to get bored, Emu. Would you mind helping me cure his phobia?
Emu: Sure, I'm on it! Ready... Aim... Fire! It's raining creepy crawlies, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa & Nene: Nooooo!!
(Black cut)
Nene: Huff... Huff... I can't take it... Anymore...
Nene: You guys, we're high schoolers... Why are we playing dumb kiddie games like this?
Emu: Hehehe! That was really fun!
Tsukasa: Maybe for you! It was hellish for me!
Rui: I see an opening. Take that!
Tsukasa: Gyaaah! Not another centipede!
Rui: Hehe, it looks like you weren't able to overcome your fears this time. We'll have to think of another way to help you break out of your shell.
Emu: I know! Let's put wings on these and fly them at Tsukasa like they're really alive!
Tsukasa: NO! Stop making my trauma worse!
Nene: (Sigh... These guys are so dumb...)
Nene: (But maybe the crazy stuff they get up to is a little fun sometimes...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: No one else should be here so... Okay, all clear.
Nene: I am a little sad that the Christmas show's over already...
Nene: (But standing on the stage... I remember every moment of it and still feel it inside me. I can almost hear the audience laughing and applauding...)
Nene: I really managed to sing like I used to...
Nene: It might even be my favorite play that I've done so far...
Nene: Hehe. It was so much fun... It almost seemed like a dream.
Nene: Alright. Robo-Nene, you'll be my audience as usual...
Robo-Nene: Beep! Roger.
Nene: ...
Nene: ――――♪
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsukasa: Our stage may look like something that could get blown away by a strong breeze, but our shows are the crème de la crème!
Tsukasa: And you're wrong if you think Nene can't sing as well as you!!
Nene: (After Tsukasa said that about me, I just had to prove him right.)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Rui: The only way we should get revenge is by putting on an amazing show that knocks her socks off!
Emu: For show!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Emu: Grandpa took me to a play when I was little and it was like a really amazing dream!
Tsukasa: I also saw my first play with my family. My sister was in poor health back then, but that day she felt well enough to go out. She was so happy.
Tsukasa: She loved the play so much, I decided to become an actor so that I could cheer her up like that too.
Nene: (All those memories are flooding back...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

MEIKO: <I just came by to make sure you were okay, and I'm happy to see you're back in high spirits!>
Miku (WxS): <Me too! It's a weight off my mind to see you've overcome your slump.>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: (Miku and MEIKO showed me that they really cared about me too...)
Nene: ——♪ ——♪
Nene: (I'm fine now. I have nothing to fear. I'm no longer all by myself.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: (I have this crazy troupe of troublemakers...)
Nene: (At first, I couldn't really get myself to go along with their antics...)
Nene: (But then I realized I'd be missing out if I didn't take part in their ridiculously weird shows.)
Nene: (Now, I'm one of them...)
Nene: (I never imagined things would turn out this way.)
Nene: (They'd better take responsibility for all this...)
Nene: Phew...
Nene: Huh?!
Emu: Nene!! That was great! You were so awesome!
Tsukasa: It was your best song yet!
Rui: Hehe. You should have invited us to your performance.
Nene: What... Wh-When did you all get here?!
Rui: Just when you started really getting into it. You were singing with so much joy, we all just stopped and listened.
Tsukasa: Even Emu managed to stay quiet until you finished.
Emu: I mean, Nene's singing is just so beautiful♪
Nene: Y-You heard all of it...?
Nene: (I'm so embarrassed, I don't want them to look at me! I know, I'll hide behind Robo-Nene!)
Nene: R-Robo-Nene... Oh!
Rui: Robo-Nene, did you enjoy Nene's song too?
Robo-Nene: Yes, I did! Nene, your singing is amazing!
Nene: (I don't want applause. Just hide me! Your arms are too short to clap anyway!)
Tsukasa: You were singing so confidently. Don't get all shy on us now!
Tsukasa: Be proud, Nene! You're just as good if not better than that girl from the Phoenix Stage!
Nene: ...!
Nene: I was just... Surprised to see you all and wasn't expecting an audience.
Nene: I don't care about being called a diva or whatever. But since we're all performing together, try not to embarrass me on stage, okay?
Tsukasa: What are you saying? Of course!
Emu: Yeah! Let's all keep having fun doing shows together!
Nene: For sure...!
(Black cut)
