234_Nene Kusanagi_R4 The Confidence You Gave Me (event_25)

Gacha phrase: I... I need to do everything I can!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Nene Kusanagi)

[Shibuya Park]

Ichika: Hi, Kusanagi. Thanks for coming.
Nene: S-Sure...
Nene: (Oh, right...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Ichika: This girl means a lot to... Your friend.
(White cut)
Ichika: Conversely, you may want to think about what exactly you want to do instead of how she feels...
(White cut)
Ichika: Kusanagi... I understand why someone in that position would hesitate the way they are...
Ichika: But if you do nothing while they remain lost... Who might feel the worst in the end?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: (I should thank Hoshino giving me that advice...)
Nene: Um... About that friend I told you about the other day, she seems much better now...
Ichika: Oh, really...? Hehe. I'm glad.
Nene: Yeah, and thank you for that advice you gave me...
Nene: I'm really glad I asked you.
Ichika: Oh, you're very welcome...!
Ichika: You've been helping me with my singing like this, so I'm glad that I was able to give back a little.
(Black cut)
Ichika: ——♪　——♪
Nene: (Oh, her voice sounds much more stable through that section now. She's even breathing and controlling her volume better.)
Nene: (She's going into the chorus much smoother too. She must've practiced a lot...)
Ichika: Phew... How was that?
Nene: Yeah, that was good. All that's left are the finer details, like making sure your state of mind matches the lyrics you're singing.
Ichika: Like how I feel when I'm singing? Okay, I'll try working on that for next time...
Nene: Great.
Nene: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Cast A & B: ♪～～～～
Nene: Um... I have a feeling that you're not singing as well as you usually can... Maybe...
Nene: If you sing more normally, it might actually sound better... I guess...?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: (When I was teaching them what to do, I just thought about practicing with Hoshino and managed to get through to them...)
Nene: (But was that really the right way to put it? They might've been able to sing better if I actually knew what to say then...)
Ichika: Hm? Is something the matter, Kusanagi...?
Nene: Uh, no! It's nothing!
Nene: B-But... You have a lot of fond memories of Phoenix Wonderland too, right, Hoshino...?
Ichika: I do. Saki, my friends and I used to go there often when we were kids. My family too.
Nene: That's nice...
Ichika: What about you, Kusanagi?
Nene: Me? Um... I never had a chance to go because I was in a children's theatre company...
Nene: (But I think Emu's right. It sounds like a lot of people really do care about Phoenix Wonderland...)
Nene: (For the sake of the park and all of its fans, our next show has to succeed.)
Nene: (But can that really happen with me having to tell so many people what to do...?)
Ichika: Anyways, shall we call it a day?
Nene: Uh, wait! There's one thing I need to ask you...!
Nene: D-Does the way I teach make it hard for you to understand stuff...? 
Ichika: Huh?
Nene: The thing is... I have to teach people from Phoenix Wonderland's other troupes how to sing...
Ichika: Really?! That's great, Kusanagi!
Nene: No, I'm not sure it is... I'm so worried that I'm not doing a good job...
Nene: S-Sorry if this is too sudden. I get that it's my own problem and...
Ichika: No. But I see...
Ichika: I really like the way you teach. Every piece of advice you've given me has been spot on so far.
Nene: What...?
Ichika: You make everything so easy to learn by explaining how to sing which kinds of songs and even singing along to help me understand it better.
Ichika: I am proof that what you do works!
Nene: No, that's because you have such a good work ethic...
Ichika: But you've even talked about how I should be practicing and what to look out for. You did all of that, Kusanagi.
Ichika: You're the reason why I've been able to try so hard and really believe in myself.
Ichika: So you should believe in what you're doing too.
Nene: Hoshino...
Nene: Hehe. If you're willing to say that much, maybe I should have more confidence in myself...
Ichika: Yes, you should...!
Nene: Thanks, Hoshino. You got to be the teacher today for a change.
Ichika: Oh, I didn't actually mean to...
Nene: No, I'm glad you did.
Nene: I really appreciate what you said, Hoshino. I promise to do my best!
Ichika: Great! I'll be rooting for you!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Singing practice♪ Singing practice♪ So much fun♪
Nene: Emu, do you have a minute?
Emu: Oh! Do you want to practice too, Nene?
Nene: Yes, but before we do that, there's something I want to talk to you about...
Emu: Talk with me?
Nene: Yeah. Today, at school...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Classmate A: Look, Kusanagi's here.
Classmate B: Oh, you're right! Good morning, Kusanagi!
Nene: Huh?! G-Good morning...
Classmate B: Take a look at this! Here, this part!
Nene: (Oh, it's a video of our Project Wonder show. I heard that it blew up online but...)
Classmate A: This is you, right, Kusanagi? I didn't know that you're a PXL cast member!
Nene: Y-Yeah, I am...
Classmate B: That explains why you're so good at singing! Now I get why you're always amazing during music class too!
Classmate A: Yeah. That other girl from Miya Girls and even those second years, Tenma and Kamishiro, were in it too.
Nene: Uh... It's because we all perform together at this place called the Wonder Stage...
Classmate B: That's so cool! Come to think of it, you said that you knew Kamishiro when we talked during the School Festival!
Nene: (He's my neighbor so...)
Classmate A: I haven't been to PXL in forever. I used to go so much when I was a kid...
Nene: But you don't anymore...?
Classmate A: Well, the ride that I really liked got torn down...
Nene: Oh...
Classmate A: It was the one where Phenny and Poochie would chase each other around too...
Classmate B: Oh, now I remember. You said that you were really sad to see it get replaced by one of those shooting rides.
Classmate A: Yeah. Just the other day, I even saw the fish coaster all tarped over in a photo I saw online...
Classmate B: I'm guessing the park doesn't have much of a choice. No one's gonna come if it's full of old and rickety rides...
Nene: ...
Classmate B: Oh no, I'm sorry. We're standing right next to someone who works there.
Classmate A: No, you're right! I'm sorry for saying something so awful...
Nene: No, it's okay... My friends were really worried about how Phoenix Wonderland was changing too...
Nene: But...
Nene: But it's okay! Phoenix Wonderland won't stop being the place that makes everyone smile!
Nene: We did that show you saw just for that...
Classmate A: Yeah, now that you mention it, something about it felt pretty different...
Classmate A: Like its scale and stuff... It felt like it brought all of PXL together, you know?
Nene: Yeah. It was just all of the other troupes performing together either. We even had the staff for all the rides and attractions join in too.
Nene: Each part of the story was meant to tie into different parts of the park...
Classmate B: That's right! A ton of people were saying on social media that the story and all the effects were really amazing!
Classmate B: I wanted to get a better idea of the story too. I must've spent hours trying to find a video that got your whole show from start to finish.
Nene: R-Really...?
Nene: So, how was it? Did you like it?
Classmate B: That's the thing... The other guests sort of made it hard to hear what was going on. Plus, the person taking the video seemed pretty far away from it all...
Classmate B: I only got the gist of the story, and that the Miya Girls student and Tenma were the protagonists.
Nene: I see...
Classmate B: That's why I want to go to PXL the next time I can!
Nene: What...?
Classmate A: Yeah, these videos are great and all, but it would be better to see it ourselves, huh?
Classmate A: Maybe I'll go too...
Nene: R-Really?!
Classmate A: Yeah. Everyone in the videos I saw looked like they were having so much fun. I wished that I could've been there too...
Classmate A: Also... After seeing your show, Kusanagi, I kind of want to see you and your friends perform at the Wonder Stage...
Classmate B: Oh, great idea! Then why don't we all go next weekend or something?!
Nene: ...!
Nene: Thank you so much. I'll be waiting for you at the Wonder Stage!
Nene: I hope you'll keep the Phoenix Wonderland you know and love in your hearts, even if it does change a little...
Nene: I'm just a single cast member...
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nene: But the park where I'm able to put shows on with my friends means everything to me.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: Is what happened...
Nene: There might be other people who saw their favorite rides get torn down just like my classmate...
Nene: But Project Wonder became a success and it sounds like they actually want to visit the park again...
Emu: ...
Nene: Emu...?
Emu: Hehe. I feel like I've been tearing up a lot lately...
Emu: Thanks, Nene! I'm really, really happy to hear that!
Nene: Eep! Wait, Emu! Stop, this is really embarrassing...!
Emu: No! Your cheeks are so soft and full of love♪
Nene: N-No..! Hahaha! That tickles...!
Emu: Hehe☆ Since your friends are gonna come and visit, we have to work extra super hard for them♪
Nene: Hehe. Aren't you always doing that?
Nene: (But maybe I should try a little harder too...)
Nene: (I want them to know just how much fun Phoenix Wonderland is going to be from now on.)
Nene: Okay, shall we start singing practice then?
Emu: Yeah! Let's do it!
(Black cut)
