359_Nene Kusanagi_R3 I Thought It Was Game Over (event_46)

Gacha phrase: M-Made it...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[The day of the U.S. trip]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Oh where, oh where could Tsukasa be♪
Rui: He said that he'd forgotten to bring a change of clothes and had to head home, but he should've returned by now...
Nene: Honestly, who forgets to bring extra sets of clothes on a trip? It's not like he left home with just his passport, right?
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): I'm baaaack!
Emu: Hey, there he is!
Tsukasa: Huff... Huff... I... I made it...
Rui: Welcome back. Do you have everything you need now?
Tsukasa: Huff... Huff... Y-Yes...
Nene: ...
Nene: (Just in case...)
Nene: (I'm set for clothes. My passport's in my bag, and I have a transformer for my phone... Okay.)
Rui: Hehe. I take it you have everything you need as well, Nene?
Nene: Huh? Wh-What are you talking about? Why are you asking?
Nene: But! I was so surprised when I first heard that we'd be going to the United States.
Emu: Yeah, me too☆
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: As in the United States of America?!
Emu: Yup! Because we're partnering with his company, Mr. Riley said, “You should come learn more about our park and characters by seeing them for yourselves.”
Rui: That's very kind of him. We'll get to visit one of the most famous theme parks in the world.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: Oh, that reminds me! You can see all the characters from the movies at Mr. Riley's park, right?!
Nene: I mean, each area's supposed to be based on Riley Entertainment's most famous movies, so I'm sure you'll get to see characters from each franchise.
Nene: Like “The Little Kingdom”...
Tsukasa: You seem to know an awful lot.
Rui: It's still your favorite, isn't it, Nene?
Nene: Yeah. I really love the theme song, but the music and insert songs for each of the characters are just as amazing.
Nene: So... I'm wondering if we'll get to hear some of them during shows while we're over there.
Tsukasa: I'm also looking forward to that. They may be the same songs, but they supposedly sound and feel different when heard in their native language.
Nene: I've heard that too. That just gets me even more excited about this...
Nene: Wait...
Emu: Nene...?
Nene: Um... If the original songs are in English, does that mean their shows are also all in English...?
Rui: I'd imagine so.
Nene: Uh oh... I can pick out words and simple phrases fine, but what if I lose track of what's going on...?
Rui: They likely won't deviate too much from the movie's story, so I'm sure you'll be able to follow along.
Rui: If anything, I'm more worried about interacting with people at the airport.
Tsukasa: Hm? Why's that?
Rui: In particular, customs. They'll probably ask us about why we're there and how long we'll be staying.
Emu: Oh, I've seen that on TV before! “What's the purpose of your trip?”
Rui: Exactly. They'll want to know if we're there for business or pleasure.
Nene: Oh, I remember hearing about that in class one time too...
Nene: What else do you think they'll ask us, Rui?
Rui: Well, they'll need to know who we are, so we'll have to tell them our name and such.
Tsukasa: Ah, a self-introduction! I have one all lined up!
Tsukasa: Ahem... My name is Tsukasa Tenma, superstar!
Emu: Oh, I wanna do that too☆
Emu: Hello! I'm Emu Otori! “Emu” means “smile”!
Tsukasa: Ah, the meaning of your first name! That's a nice touch!
Emu: Thanks! Nene, let's hear yours!
Nene: Huh?! U-Uh...
Nene: I... I'm Nene Kusanagi... I've come to America... For the first time...
Rui: See, you'll be fine.
Nene: A-Are you sure? Is that really gonna be enough to get past customs?
Rui: Hehehe. We're still minors, so I'm sure they'll let us through as long as we keep smiling.
Nene: I hope you're right...
Rui: And if anything does go wrong, we can always use Robo-Nene's translator function.
Nene: You know she can't come with us, right?
Rui: What...?
Nene: Huh?
Tsukasa: Of course she's staying behind. There's no way anyone's going to let her on an airplane.
Emu: Nooo! Robo-Nene has to stay?!
Rui: But I installed that translator just for this purpose! How could you, Nene...!
Nene: Hey, I'm not the one you should be complaining to!
Emu: Oh, it's Keisuke and Shosuke!
Nene: O-Our ride's here. It's time to go!
Rui: Wait, I can control her remotely and have her flown over a different way!
Nene & Tsukasa: No way! Not necessary!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Airport]

Rui: Do you have everything, Tsukasa? You won't be able to run back for anything you leave here.
Tsukasa: Hah! You think that Tsukasa Tenma will make the same mistake twice?!
Nene: Yup. Pretty sure of it.
Tsukasa: Guh! N-No matter! I quintuple-checked before I left the hotel this morning!
Nene: Okay, that might be a bit much.
Rui: I suppose he's taking a “better safe than sorry” approach...
Emu: Hey, you guys! They said we can go look around at the gifts since we still have time until we have to board!
Tsukasa: Ah, splendid!
Nene: Yeah, we got a lot at the park, but I've also been meaning to see what the airport has to offer.
Emu: Me too! Let's go take a look♪
(Black cut)
Nene: Wow, all these snacks... And other daily essentials...
Rui: You don't see some of these brands back home, so I'm sure they'll make for wonderful souvenirs.
Tsukasa: I see... That may be a good place to start looking for Saki's gift...
Emu: Guys, look! I found a weird mask!
Nene: Eep! Wh-Where did you find that?! And why does that bear look so real?!
Rui: Ah, I believe that's from a horror film. It's so strong that it can literally fold people into...
Tsukasa: Stop right there! People aren't meant to be foldable objects!
Nene: Emu... You probably shouldn't give anyone that unless they actually like this kind of stuff, alright?
Emu: Okay♪
Nene: Geez...
Tsukasa: Welcome to America... The land of the free and home of these sorts of things...
Rui: Hehe. It's become a cult classic, so it is popular among certain crowds. I actually recommend seeing the original movie.
Tsukasa: I suppose it would need a bit of a following to be turned into a series... Alright, I'll try watching it if I get a chance.
Nene: Oh, also...! We should get Miku and the others something.
???: <What?! You're getting us gifts?!>
Tsukasa: Hm? My phone just flashed... That means...!
Nene: Wah! Miku?! MEIKO?!
MEIKO: <Hi there! We decided to pop in and see you guys say your final farewells to the U.S.♪>
Tsukasa: Ah, perfect timing. We were just wondering what to get all of you.
Tsukasa: Let us know if you see anything you like!
Nene: Yeah, it'll be much easier now since you're actually here.
Miku (WxS): <Yay! Thanks♪>
(Black cut)
Nene: (Okay, that covers Mom and Dad... Also...)
Nene: (Hehe. I even got something for Hoshino and her friends. I think I'll give this to her the next time we practice singing together.)
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): <Neneee♪>
Nene: Yes, MEIKO?
MEIKO: <There we go... Thank you for letting us borrow your phone! Are you all done finding gifts for everyone?>
Nene: Yeah.
Nene: Now... I want to go home and do more shows.
MEIKO: <Oh? Feeling a little homesick? You haven't actually been gone that long...>
Nene: I know...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: But visiting Mr. Riley's park like this really taught me a lot...
Nene: Which is why I'd like to get home as soon as possible so that we can start trying out some of the things we felt and saw...!
MEIKO: <That's great, Nene♪ You love of shows really knows no bounds!>
Nene: You think so?
MEIKO: <I know so. The look you have right now paints a beautiful picture!>
MEIKO: <I noticed this while you guys were at the park, but you seem genuinely excited about “what's up ahead”!>
Nene: About “what's up ahead”...?
Nene: Hehe. You might be right.
Emu: Nene, are you all done getting stuff for everyone?
Tsukasa: We should head over to the gate soon!
Nene: Okay, I'll be right there!
MEIKO: <Alright, let's go home!>
Nene: Yeah.
Nene: (It might be a long while until we figure out how to put on world-class shows like what we saw at the park...)
Nene: (But for now, I want to get back to the Wonder Stage as soon as we can so we can start doing shows again!)
(Black cut)
