411_Nene Kusanagi_R4 The Little Squirrels' Invitation (event_55)

Gacha phrase: Play us a song, Mr. Pianist.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: Phew...
Nene: I was worried about how practicing without Tsukasa would go, but things are going a lot smoother than I expected thanks to KAITO and Miku.
Rui: Yes, since not having any understudies would make it just that much harder to time our lines and make them sound real.
Emu: Yup yup♪ And we just have to wait for Tsukasa to come back...
Nene: Yeah.
Nene: I mean, I kept wondering what he's been doing this whole time...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
KAITO: It seemed like he had a bit of a realization the last time he was here.
(White cut)
Miku (WxS): Yup! He was trying really hard and nodding his head a lot!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: Based on what KAITO and Miku said, I'm sure he's on the right track.
Nene: Yeah, I guess we should trust him a little here.
Emu: Yup!
Emu: Oh, but Tsukasa's probably thinking lots and lots and lots about Thorpe right now, huh?
Nene: Hm? Yeah, probably...
Emu: What if he's whistling like a kettle? Or what if he's getting really hungry?
Nene: I'm sure he's getting enough to eat. I mean, he's the kind of person who actually says, “You can't fight on an empty stomach.”
Emu: Hmm... I really hope you're right...
Emu: But can't we just check up on him a teeny bit?
Rui: Are you that worried about him?
Emu: Yeah, since we can't practice with him. We go to different schools too, so it's like I haven't seen him in forever now.
Nene: Emu...
Rui: Yes, point taken. It might be good for us to get an update on his progress soon.
Emu: Does that mean...?!
Rui: Hehe. The three of us can take a quick look while making sure not to interfere.
Emu: Yay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school the next day]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 1-B]

Emu: Knock knock. Nene, are you there?
Nene: Yeah, yeah. I'm here...
Nene: Can't you just let yourself in since you're here pretty much all the time now?
Emu: Hehe. I'm just trying to be polite.
Emu: But! I'm also trying to be sneaky by talking softly so Tsukasa doesn't find out that I'm here☆
Nene: O-Okay...?
Rui: Hello, you two.
Rui: Tsukasa seems to be on the rooftop. Shall we go take a look?
Emu: Okay! Here we go!
Nene: Huh?! Emu, wait! What happened to being sneaky?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rooftop]

Nene: (Alright, where's Tsukasa...?)
Nene: Oh, there he is.
Emu: Yeah! Wait, look at all those books! Is he reading them right now?
Rui: Ah... Those all seem to be “A Pianist Named Thorpe”...
Nene: A-All of them?
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Hmm... In this book, the way he shouts, “I don't care about your party!” during the scene with the squirrels makes it sound like he's frustrated with the way he played...
Tsukasa: But this translation goes further with Thorpe being more aware of the contest closing in on him. That means the star scene...
(Black cut)
Nene: Oh, that's what he's doing... He wants to get inside Thorpe's head by seeing how all these people translated his story.
Emu: Whoa! That's so amazing!
Rui: It looks like he's still trying to work things out, but he also seems to be making progress. I'm sure he'll be fine without us.
Emu: Yeah, I'm really glad.
Emu: Nene, Rui... He'll figure out how to play Thorpe, right?
Nene: I'm sure he will. There's no way he's ever gonna give up by saying, “I can't do it!”
Rui: Yes, I agree.
Rui: Anyway, let's leave him be and head off to practice before he finds out we're here.
Nene & Emu: Okay.
Nene: (We can't do this show without you since you're our lead, so please figure this out soon...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: I wasn't sure what would happen at first, but I'm glad our show as ambassadors went as well as it did.
Rui: Same. You especially deserve some special recognition, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Thank you! Learning how to play Thorpe was no small feat, but I believe I was able to act to the best of my current abilities thanks to all of your support.
Tsukasa: It was also wonderful to hear the applause we received along with seeing the audience smile the way they did!
Emu: Saki and the others said they had a lot of fun watching too!
Nene: I hope this means Phoenix Wonderland's gonna keep getting more visitors.
Emu: Me too♪
Tsukasa: Speaking of which, I need to thank all of you for what you did.
Nene: What did we do?
Tsukasa: Oh, don't you remember? The three of you came up to the rooftop to check up on me while I was taking a closer look at Thorpe.
Emu: What?! But we were so sneaky! How did you find out?!
Tsukasa: Actually, I had no idea. Toya was the one who told me after the show.
Nene: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: Right. Aoyagi was still in the classroom when the three of us met up.
Rui: Hehe. But I have to think he had a good idea as to what we were up to since he waited to say anything until the show was over.
Tsukasa: I think so too! Isn't he so very thoughtful?
Nene: Why are you the one bragging...?
Tsukasa: Because Toya's like a little brother to me!
Tsukasa: Ahem... Anyway.
Tsukasa: I asked a lot of all of you since I saw this show as an opportunity to grow as an actor, expand our show repertoire and take our performances to the next level...
Tsukasa: I apologize for causing such a fuss. And I'd like to thank you all for believing in me until the end.
Nene: Oh...
Emu: Hehe☆ You said you'd figure it out, so we knew you would.
Nene: And we're all in this together, so we kinda had to believe in you.
Tsukasa: Wait, what...?! Did Nene really just say that...?!
Nene: Huh? You got a problem with that...?
Tsukasa: No, not at all! I couldn't be happier!
Tsukasa: However... Yes, that must be it.
Tsukasa: I see now that I didn't just grow as an actor with this show. I also managed to get my friends to go from believing in me to respecting me...
Nene: Respecting you...?
Tsukasa: No, not all at once. I already know.
Tsukasa: This is what I must've been feeling lately. You were in awe and gazing at me with just that much respect!  
Emu: Huh?
Nene: What's he talking about...? Gazing at him with respect? Seriously?
Rui: That seems to be his interpretation.
Nene: You've gotta be kidding me...
Nene: (Still, this time around...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: By growing as an actor, our shows will evolve while also being able to try our hand at more genres.
Tsukasa: So please! Give me a chance!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: Stop! That's just you being you, Tsukasa!
Rui: Think more about how Thorpe would actually react.
Tsukasa: O-Okay! Let's try that again!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Sorry for the delay...!
Tsukasa: I apologize for taking so long... I'm sure I had you all worried.
Tsukasa: But I finally figured out what I have in common with Thorpe and know how to get into character now!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (Despite having never studied with another troupe or at a drama school, Tsukasa has his basics nailed down.)
Nene: (Above all else, he took a hard look at himself and Thorpe after realizing that they were complete opposites of each other.)
Nene: (And that's not easy to do. You have to really want to become a good actor to go that far.)
Nene: (In that sense... Tsukasa's pretty incredible and always finds a way to impress us.)
Nene: (Alright, maybe I should actually tell him that for once...)
Tsukasa: H-Hehehe... Hah hah hah hah!
Tsukasa: Listen up, all of you! Revel in the glory of your great troupe leader!
Tsukasa: Why don't you all take this opportunity to start calling me “Leader” or “Star”?
Nene: (Nevermind... This definitely isn't the right time to compliment him.)
Nene: More importantly, shouldn't we discuss what we'll be doing for our next regular show...?
Tsukasa: Hm? Oh, that's right!
Nene: Ugh...
Emu: Woohoo! What should we do next♪
Rui: Well... Oh, I know. What about a story where Tsukasa split in half?
Nene: What? I have no idea what you're actually talking about, but it sounds interesting.
Tsukasa: Yes, that does sound fun... Not! Rui, what do you mean by splitting me in half?!
Rui: Hehe. I don't plan on actually splitting you in half, so you'll be fine. It's just an idea for an effect...
(Black cut)
