450_Nene Kusanagi_R4 Thank You For Playing With Us (event_62)

Gacha phrase: Th-Thank you...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, MEIKO)

[Coast]

Nene: I could only put some simple dishes together, but they turned out surprisingly well...
Tsukasa: Yes, that may be because we went out to gather all those ingredients ourselves.
Emu: Hehe. We got to become real-life villagers!
Nene: Oh, from our other ambassadorial performance. Hehe. Yeah, I guess so.
Shosuke: Hey, all of you. If you don't have anything else to do, start getting ready for bed.
Emu: Huh? Are you going somewhere, Shosuke?
Shosuke: We're running out of firewood, so I'll be out gathering some.
Rui: Then, I'll...
Shosuke: No, that's okay. Use the remaining wood to keep the fire going.
Nene: Oh, there he goes...
Tsukasa: Is he sure about us not helping?
Rui: As much as we'd like to... I have a feeling that Shosuke doesn't want us venturing into the jungle again, no?
Tsukasa: That's understandable, but...
Rui: I'm sure he won't have to go very far. I mean, we have a fire set up, but that doesn't necessarily guarantee our own safety.
Rui: So, he's likely going somewhere he can get back quickly in case something happens here.
Nene: W-Wait, there's something in the bushes over there!
Emu: But Shosuke went off in the other direction...
Emu: Oh, what if it's the monkeys! Let's go take a quick peek!
Nene: What if it's not?! It might be dangerous, so I really don't think you should get too close...
Monkeys: Ook...?
Nene: Oh...
Emu: I knew it! It's the monkeys!
Nene: *Sigh* Thank goodness...
Tsukasa: Honestly... First, they steal our bananas, and now this. They must enjoy keeping us on our toes.
Rui: At the same time, what could they be doing here at a time like this...?
Rui: In general, monkeys start their day at dawn. I thought they'd be asleep now too since they usually go to sleep very early.
Nene: Do you think our campfire was keeping them up...?
Monkeys: Ook♪ Ook♪
Emu: Hmm... Is it me or does it look like they're kinda having fun?
Rui: Hehe. It could be as simple as them having taken an interest in us.
Nene: An interest in us...?
Rui: Yes. This island's uninhabited, so humans are probably a rare or new sight to them. As such, they may be curious to learn more.
Nene: A new sight, huh...?
Nene: That's actually really interesting. When I realized that we were on a desert island, I couldn't help but be scared of the unknown or what was out there...
Rui: To be fair, we were stranded and in a situation where our safety wasn't guaranteed. I feel it's only natural for someone to be fearful or anxious.
Nene: I know, but...
Monkeys: Ook ook... Ook!
Tsukasa: Huh? The monkeys are making funny faces for some reason.
Emu: Oh, I wanna play! Let's see who can make the funniest face! Ook ook... Ook!
Nene: Hehe. This is so silly...
Nene: But it's also kinda nice...
Rui: Ah, Nene, would you like to join them?
Nene: No way. That's not what I meant by what I just said...
Nene: I was talking about how it'd be nice if I could also learn how to “enjoy the unknown” or “learn more about the unknown”.
Nene: (I was so afraid and convinced that I wouldn't be able to camp out or handle having to survive like this...)
Nene: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (But I have a feeling that Ms. Kazamatsuri would've looked for a silver lining like Emu and the others.)
Nene: (She would've tried doing something new and made some interesting discoveries...)
Nene: That means I need to have more courage if I really want to make my dream come true...
Rui: If that's what you think, I believe you have nothing to worry about.
Rui: Remember what MEIKO said? You've become someone who can face their fears.
Nene: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
MEIKO: <The moment before you go on stage is always a little scary because you're worried about how things will go and how the audience will react, right?>
MEIKO: <But I've seen you overcome that countless times, Nene!>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: You think I can become someone who can face their fears like MEIKO said...?
Rui: If you believe that's what you need to become to make your dream come true, then I think you can.
Nene: Rui...
Emu: He's right, Nene♪
Nene: Whoa! E-Emu?! What happened to playing with the monkeys and seeing who could make the funniest faces?
Emu: Heh heh heh! I did and I won!
Tsukasa: Yes, the monkeys started cracking up and applauding because of all the incredible faces she was making. They seemed very satisfied and left soon after.
Nene: Wait, what...?
Emu: More importantly, Nene, I really don't believe you're as big a scaredy cat as you think you are.
Emu: Right, Rui, Tsukasa?!
Tsukasa & Rui: Yes.
Nene: You guys...
Nene: Alright, if you all think so, then I'll believe it too.
Shosuke: I found some wood that we can use for the fire.
Emu: Oh, Shosuke, welcome back! Wanna see me make some funny faces?
Shosuke: Huh? Funny faces?
Nene: Hehe. Emu, you can't just dump that on him without explaining what happened first.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Hm? Nene, you seem kinda anxious.
Rui: Hehe. Today's the day our phones are supposed to be returned to us after being repaired, so I'm sure she's wondering if her data was safe.
Nene: H-Hey, I don't need a play-by-play of what I'm feeling right now.
Tsukasa: But I understand how you feel, Nene, especially since that strange song called Untitled is on our phones.
Tsukasa: However, KAITO said that as long as our feelings persist, Untitled will reappear even if we end up getting new phones.
Tsukasa: Which means there's no need to worry so much...
Nene: Yes, there is! Besides Untitled, I had other songs, game data and stuff from messaging apps on there!
Nene: I mean, just not having my phone with me has been nerve-wracking.
Emu: Wait, really?
Tsukasa: Yes, it was somewhat inconvenient... But it's only been a few days since we sent them out.
Tsukasa: Also, you can just redownload everything you need.
Nene: I know, but my phone was also my alarm... It also let me play games, listen to music or watch some videos if I had some time to spare...
Nene: The point is, I can't imagine living life without it. I haven't had it in my hands for several days now, so of course I'm getting antsy.
Tsukasa: I see... However, Nene...
Nene: What?
Tsukasa: You speak of your phone as if it's some sort of music-playing-gaming device, while its original purpose is to be used as a means of communicating with others.
Nene: Guh...
Rui: Oh, that seems to have hit her pretty hard.
Nene: H-Hey, I still use it to talk to other people!
Nene: Hoshino in particular since I've been using it lately to set up practices with her...
Nene: ...
Rui: Nene?
Nene: That's actually what I'm worried about the most. I really don't remember the last time I backed everything up...
Nene: If the data on my phone's gone...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: Even after finally becoming friends with Hoshino and the others and swapping contact info with them...
Tsukasa: Hm? You can still see them if you really want to, no? I'm sure they'll understand if you tell her what happened.
Tsukasa: Also, I can always ask Saki about Ichika if need be.
Nene: Yeah, I know...
Nene: But I was finally able to actually talk to her because Rin was there to encourage me...
Rui: Oh, that's right. We went over to Miya Girls together to wait by the gate.
Emu: Yup yup! We were also there supporting you in secret!
Tsukasa: I remember being fairly frustrated over you being so slow and deliberate about asking her.
Nene: Hey, gimme a break...
Emu: Hang on. Didn't you also swap contact info with Minori and Kohane? What did you do that time?
Nene: Oh, Hanasato and the others made that suggestion...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: I... I finally made some friends who I can discuss music with...
Nene: Wh-What if their contact info's all gone now...?! What do I do then...?!
Nene: I might not be able to practice singing with Hoshino and the others anymore...!
Tsukasa: Like I said, I can always ask Saki... No, wait...! All you'd have to do is ask for their information again!
Shosuke: *Sigh* Never a quiet moment with all of you, huh?
Emu: Oh, Shosuke! Welcome!
Nene: U-Um...! About our phones...
Shosuke: Ah, they've been repaired and returned on schedule. I was also told that they were able to recover most of your data. So, here you are...
Nene: Th-Thank you very much! Oh wow! The screen actually turned on...!
Shosuke: Alright, the rest of you, here.
Rui: Thank you very much.
Shosuke: I had the most talented technicians in our corporate group take a look at them so they should be fine, but you'll need to check to see if everything's still there...
Rui: My phone appears to be okay.
Tsukasa: Yes, mine too.
Tsukasa: That also goes for Untitled.
Emu: Hehe. My phone's happy and healthy too! What about you, Nene?
Nene: I'm still checking...
Nene: (My game data's all there. My music and photos too!)
Nene: (That just leaves my messaging apps...)
Nene: Oh, here we go! My friend list and messages are all still intact!
Rui: Hehe. I'm glad for you, Nene.
Nene: I'm glad too...! I was worried sick about losing all these friends...
Tsukasa: Again, aren't you blowing this all a bit out of proportion?
Nene: No, I'm not. Also, I need to make sure to back everything up.
Shosuke: Anyway, everything appears to be in order, so I'll be going now. I still have some work to do.
Emu: Okay! Thanks for delivering our phones to us, Shosuke!
Nene: R-Right! Thank you so very much!
Shosuke: You're welcome. Now, I really need to get going.
Tsukasa: Alright, now that we know that our phones are okay, let's head over for a long overdue visit!
Emu: Yeah! It'll be great to let Miku and everyone know that we're back since we lost contact with them for a while!
Nene: Yeah.
Nene: (My phone...)
Nene: (I'm so glad it's back in my hands just the way it was...!)
(Black cut)
