468_Nene Kusanagi_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I need to cherish every moment with them.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Two weeks until Nene's birthday]

[Shibuya Park]

Ichika: ————♪ ————♪
Nene: That's good, Hoshino. Just keep using your diaphragm.
Nene: (When we first started practicing together, she kept tensing up and had some trouble keeping her throat open...)
Ichika: ————! ————!
Nene: (But now, she's able to give a song a boost of energy without tensing up like it's second nature...)
Nene: ————! ————!
Ichika & Nene: ————! ————!
(Black cut)
Nene: Nice work, Hoshino.
Ichika: Thanks. You too, Kusanagi.
Ichika: I know some time's passed since our last one, but I had a lot of fun practicing with you today. I really appreciate you making the time for me like this.
Ichika: I was reminded of what I need to work on, and now I know what to look out for.
Nene: Thank you too, Hoshino. I know you're busy practicing for your shows, so I'm glad you asked me to do this.
Nene: Um, so... Hoshino... Wanna try seeing when we can do this next...?
Ichika: Sure. Let me just check my phone...
Ichika: Oh, Kusanagi, that reminds me. This has nothing to do with practice, but would you mind me asking if you're free the week after next?
Nene: Huh? The week after next?
Ichika: Yes. Otori told me that the 20th is your birthday.
Ichika: So... I was wondering if you'd like to celebrate by going somewhere and getting something to eat with me, Otori, Minori and Kohane...?
Nene: ...!
Ichika: Oh, but I'm guessing you've already made plans for the day of. Would the day before possibly work?
Nene: Y-Yeah, right... Emu, the others and I are supposed to go to this party at the home of these people who've been supporting our shows.
Nene: But the day before should work...!
Nene: (The week after next... That's about when we're supposed to start discussing the script for our next show.)
Nene: We won't actually be performing then, so I'll just have to ask Tsukasa and the others if it's okay for me to take some time off.
Ichika: Thank you, Kusanagi! I'll be sure to let Minori and Kohane know!
Nene: Okay...!
Nene: (Going out for food with Hoshino and everyone... Hehe. I can't wait.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The day before Nene's birthday]

[Nene's Room]

Nene: Hmm... What should I wear...?
Nene: Maybe something kinda nice since we're all going out to get something to eat together.
Nene: Ugh... I regret not discussing this with Emu when I asked if we could take some time off.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

[Two weeks earlier]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: You'd like to go out for a meal with Ichika and the others the day before your birthday?
Tsukasa: I don't see why not. That's likely going to be when Rui and I will be putting the final touches on the script.
Rui: Right. You and Emu should be free to go then.
Nene: Y-You mean it...?!
Tsukasa: Yes. It's your special... The day before your special day, so you should go have fun.
Nene: Th-Thanks!
Emu: Yay! We're getting something to eat together! Hehe. It's gonna be so much fun, Nene!
Nene: Yeah...!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: (Hehe. Right in-between our previous show and the next one too. We couldn't have asked for better timing.)
Nene: Wait, no... I need to decide what to wear...!
Nene: No, this is way too dull... This one's... Also dull...
Nene: Ugh... Why do all my clothes look so similar? Lemme see... Next, I'll try...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Cafe]

Minori: Ta-daa! This is the cafe where I work!
Emu: Whoa! It looks so trendy!
Nene: Yeah, it does. I'm not sure I would've been able to go in by myself. I'd be too afraid of sticking out like a sore, outmoded thumb...
Ichika: Oh, I think I can empathize... I get told a lot that my normal clothes are kind of dull.
Kohane: Is that true? If you like wearing what you wear, then I really don't think you should be bothered by what others say.
Nene: Azusawa... That was kinda really cool.
Ichika: Yeah.
Kohane: Hehe. Until pretty recently, I was convinced that I had to wear whatever was “cool” or “in”. But then I made the realization that I should just wear what I think suits me best.
Nene: What suits you best, huh?
Minori: Everyone, here are your seats!
Emu: Okay♪ Oh, that reminds me. Saki works here too, right?
Ichika: Yeah, she does. She was really regretting not putting in for a shift today.
Ichika: She also said, “Thank you for always looking after my big brother, and please let me know if he ever causes you any trouble!”
Nene: Trouble...? I mean, he can be a handful sometimes, but he's nothing compared to Rui...
Nene: He's always there for us when we need him, but I don't want to say that to him directly because he'll get too excited for his own good...
Ichika: Hehe. I see. I'll be sure to tell Saki that.
Nene: Thanks.
(Black cut)
Minori: Do you all know what you want to get?
Kohane: I'm ready.
Emu: The parfait looks so big and yummy!
Nene: It does. I didn't realize just how big it was. I'm not sure I can finish it.
Minori: Not to worry! It's sweet but in a really refined way, so it's really good! It'll be gone before you know it!
Nene: Hehe. Alright, I think I can handle that.
Minori: Great! Now, for inviting us out to have this meal... I mean, parfaits... Ichika, would you mind giving us a little speech?
Ichika: Huh? M-Me?
Ichika: Um... I invited all of you here today to celebrate Kusanagi's birthday, which is actually tomorrow.
Ichika: I know some of us became friends just recently, but I hope we get to know each other better moving forward.
Minori & Emu: Yay!
Ichika: Anyway, I believe it's about time we fulfilled today's primary objective.
Ichika: Happy birthday, Kusanagi!
Minori, Kohane & Emu: Happy birthday!
Nene: Oh... Um... Thanks, everyone.
Nene: So... Let's eat?
Ichika: Yes, let's!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Nene's birthday]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Welcome, everyone♪
MEIKO: Everything's just about set with our party area! So, right this way!
Nene: Oh wow! It's like a standing buffet party!
Rin: Oh, Nene! You celebrated your birthday with some of your friends yesterday, right? How was it? Did you have fun?
Nene: Of course. It was a fun celebration, and we got to talk about our favorite kinds of music, clothes and all sorts of stuff.
Rin: That's great!
Rin: Hehe. That means we'll have to do our best to make sure you have just as much if not more fun today!
Nene: Thanks, I'll be looking forward to that.
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): Happy birthday, Nene!
Tsukasa, Emu & Rui: Happy birthday!
KAITO & Co.: Happy birthday!
Nene: *Nod* Thanks, everyone!
MEIKO: Alright, let's jump right into today's main event♪ Our inaugural hidden talents shooow!
Tsukasa: A hidden talents show?!
KAITO: Yes, we all thought very hard about what to do and practiced quite a bit just for this day.
Nene: Really? Then, I'm looking forward to seeing what happens.
MEIKO: And leading things off for us will be... Miku!
Miku (WxS): Present!
Miku (WxS): Okay... In my hand, I have a perfectly ordinary party popper! However, in the blink of an eye...
Miku (WxS): Voila! It can turn into a giant party popper!
Tsukasa: She pulled it out from under the table...
Rui: Hehe. Now I understand why you decided to make this a standing buffet party.
Miku (WxS): Now, it's time to pop this giant popper! Who wants to help♪
Emu: Oh, us! Nene, let's pop it together!
Nene: Okay, okay.
Miku (WxS): Three, two, one and pull, okay? Ready? Three... Two... One!
Nene: Eep!
Tsukasa: What was that?! It just shot something into the air...! Wait... Are those the plushies?!
Emu: Whoa! They even have parachutes!
Plushie A: Happy birthday to you♪
Plushie B: Happy birthday to you♪
Plushie A & B: Happy birthday, dear Nene♪
Plushie A & B: Happy birthday to you♪
Nene: Wow... Hehe. Thank you for that adorable song, everyone.
Plushie A & B: You're welcome!
Miku (WxS): Yay! That concludes the surprise birthday song by Miku and the plushies with a special thanks to Rui!
Nene: Wait, Rui, you helped?
Rui: Yes, but only for technical support. I modified the big popper so that the plushies could safely be launched from it.
Tsukasa: What?! I had no idea that you were also helping them with this show!
Emu: Hm? Also?
Tsukasa: Uh oh...
Nene: I knew it. Your reaction to them unveiling their show felt pretty forced. Does that mean...?
Tsukasa: Hahaha! I have no idea what you're talking about...!
Len: Next, for our act, we have a strange box that causes the expression on your face to change for some reason!
Rin: For this demonstration, we'll need a volunteer from the audience!
Tsukasa: A-Ah, it changes your facial expressions?! That's very interesting! I'd like to assist if possible!
Nene: Oh, okay. Now I get it.
Tsukasa: Hey, don't write this off like it's no big deal! Yes, this box appears homemade, but it really is a fascinating contraption!
Nene: Hehe. Alright, I understand. Mind getting started for us?
Rin: Thank you for your aid, Tsukasa! Now, we'll be taking this box on and off your head!
Len: Watch as his facial expressions change over and over! Ready, start♪
Tsukasa: Whoa! What's this?! My face!
Tsukasa: It's...!
Tsukasa: Changing on its own!
Nene: H-Hehe... Haha!
Emu: Haha! Tsukasa, your face looks so funny!
Rui: Hehe... It's simple but extremely effective.
MEIKO: I can't help but also want to make some funny faces watching them do this!
Emu: Oh, me too! Nene, check it out! My eyes are whirling round and round!
Nene: H-Haha! Your face! You look so ridiculous!
Nene: T-Tsukasa, I give. My sides hurt because I've been laughing so hard!
Tsukasa: Nonsense! I may not be able to make as many funny faces as I can strike cool poses, but we're just getting started!
Emu: Tsukasa, really?! We wanna see more!
Tsukasa: As you wish!
Rui: By the way, what happened to the box being the one that made you do this?
Tsukasa: *Gasp*
Emu & Nene: Haha!
Nene: (Geez, everybody with their dumb gags...)
Nene: (Still... This is pretty fun...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(Black cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (I guess I just really love spending time with them...)
Nene: (Of course I do. We're able to have serious discussions with each other about all our hopes and dreams.)
Nene: (And I know that we might eventually have to go our separate ways to pursue those dreams...)
Nene: (So, for now...)
MEIKO: Okay! Next, we'll be presenting our hidden talents♪
Emu: Cool! MEIKO and Luka are doing something together! What do think they're gonna do, Nene?!
Nene: Hehe. KAITO seems anxious, so it could be something pretty spectacular.
Nene: (I have to make the absolute most of the time I have with them...)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000095/bg_s000095.png)
Ichika: Happy birthday, Kusanagi! I feel like I've come a long way since we started practicing together. What do you think?
Ichika: If it's okay with you, I'd like it if we could keep having these practices together... And I'm really looking forward to our next one.
Minori: Happy birthday, Nene! I'm really glad you liked our cafe and parfait so much! Hehe. Also, we should practice singing again sometime!
Kohane: I really love the shows your troupe does, Kusanagi, so I promise to keep visiting and keep seeing more! And happy birthday!
Tsukasa: Once again, Nene, happy birthday!
Emu & Rui: Happy birthday!
Tsukasa: You're the vital songstress of Wonderlands×Showtime, so you should keep singing with confidence moving forward!
Emu: Yeah, he's right♪ Because your voice is so pretty, Nene! I could listen to you sing forever and ever!
Rui: Hehe. I agree.
Rui: As your friend and neighbor, and on behalf of Robo-Nene, I'm looking forward to seeing what the future has in store for us.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nene: So many kind words from everyone.
Nene: I can't help but blush a little. I mean, a high schooler like me getting such a huge celebration.
Nene: At the same time, I doubt I'm ever going to forget the party I had with everyone today.
Nene: It was so much fun...!
(White cut)
