475_Nene Kusanagi_R4 I'm Not Losing My Target (event_66)

Gacha phrase: I'm giving it everything I have too.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi)

[Arcade]

Nene: (Well, I'm here...)
Nene: (But since we don't have practice today, I think I'll take this opportunity to play some video games to my heart's content.)
Nene: Let's see... Puyo Puyo was over here somewhere...
Manager: Hey, you're one of the Wonderhoy Button Mashers!
Nene: Oh, hello...
Manager: Thank you for stopping by. Which game are you thinking about playing?
Nene: Um, Puyo Puyo...
Manager: Did you make sure to bring your special champion's card? It'll give you access to every game, so please enjoy!
Nene: Thank you.
Nene: (W-Wow... I really get to play for free...)
(Black cut)
Nene: Okay, lemme look at the play modes... Pretty sure “Puzzle League” is the one for ranked matches.
Nene: Ah, they're rated matches. 
Nene: As for my player name... I'll just go with “pomelo” as usual. Now, for my first match...!
Nene: (Oh, they made another mistake... I guess it is my first match. It probably wasn't going to make me play against someone strong.)
Nene: (Alright, let's finish this!)
Nene: I won...! I'm glad I put in the effort to work on my building skills.
Nene: There doesn't seem to be anyone else here, so I might just keep playing and see how many wins I can stack up...
(Black cut)
Nene: (Oh, they're building from the bottom left... They seem to know what they're doing. I may be in for a tough battle...)
Nene: (They're fast, but I've also improved a lot. I should be able to keep up.)
Nene: (I just need to keep building chains while popping things along the way, and send over some Garbage Puyos to keep my opponent from completing their chains!)
Nene: (Th-They're dealing with everything really well... They're definitely good... But!)
Nene: My build's complete! Now I just need to...!
Nene: Yes...! I did it!
Toya: Impressive. You were able to outbuild and defeat your opponent despite them being at a higher level.
Nene: Eep!
Nene: A-Aoyagi...?! When did you...? Wait, were you watching me play just now?!
Toya: Yes. I also stopped by to play some Puyo Puyo and saw you playing, so I decided to observe your match.
Nene: O-Okay...
Nene: (Oh no! He probably heard me yell, “Yes!” and “My build's complete!” just now... No, he definitely did!)
Toya: In any case, you won in a nice fashion. Have you been practicing since that gaming tournament?
Nene: Huh?! Uh, yeah... I did a little research on how I should be building and stuff...
Toya: Just a little...? And you were able to do this well? That's pretty incredible.
Nene: To be fair, I was only able to do what I did probably because my rating's still low. My opponent did make some mistakes, but they were still really good.
Nene: And I'm guessing people of your caliber play at way faster speeds than this, Aoyagi.
Toya: I'm sure you'll also become used to playing faster as you gain more experience.
Nene: More experience, huh? I suppose even for first-person shooters you have to make adjustments based on how a game's going or your opponent's playstyle.
Nene: But I have to agree with you about gaining more experience since playing against real people is the best way to get better at PvP games.
Toya: Right.
Toya: Oh, since we're on the subject, how about we play a match...?
Nene: Huh...?
Toya: I still have a long way to go as a player, but I should be able to teach you some basic building patterns and such.
Nene: You're going to teach me? Are you sure?
Toya: Of course. I mean, I've had the pleasure of meeting a strong rival, so it'd be nice if we could push each other to become better.
Toya: And you just said so yourself Kusanagi. The best way to get better at PvP games is to play against real people, no?
Nene: Yeah, I did...
Nene: (But learning to play a game from someone... It's like...)
Nene: (I-It's like we're really friends...!)
Toya: What do you say?
Nene: Um... O-Okay... I think I'll take you up on your offer...
Toya: Excellent. Thank you.
Nene: Sure. Thank you as well.
Nene: (I initially wanted to enter that tournament to win the tickets for that show...)
Nene: (But to think that I'd end up meeting a new gamer buddy...)
Nene: (I might try entering another tournament...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: ...
Rui: Nene...?
Rui: Boo.
Nene: Eep!
Nene: R-Rui?! Don't scare me like that.
Rui: Hehe. My apologies. I thought I should let you know that breaktime's almost over.
Nene: Oh, okay... You could've just said so...
Rui: By the way, you seemed very focused on your phone just now. Mind if I ask what you were looking at?
Nene: Remember the show we're all gonna see together? The one we get to see because we received tickets for it as a prize for winning that gaming tournament.
Nene: I was just going through the game that it's based on and reading through its story.
Rui: Oh, that's right. You said that it's an adaptation of a video game. Would it be possible for you to give me a synopsis?
Nene: Sure, it's supposed to take place in modern Europe and it's basically an RPG with some mystery elements sprinkled in...
Nene: The protagonist is someone who's always dreamed since they were little about venturing into this castle-like structure, but they've never actually seen it before...
Nene: And one day, the castle from the protagonist's dreams appears before them.
Rui: I see... And?
Nene: As a result, all these things that were happening only in their dreams begin to occur in real life.
Nene: Not only that, this boy that the protagonist had only ever talked to in their dreams appears in the city where they live!
Tsukasa: The boy from their dreams appears where they live?!
Nene: That's right! The protagonist and this boy decide to head towards the castle from the protagonist's dreams, but there's also a big secret surrounding him...
Emu: A... A big secret?!
Nene: Wait, Emu?! Tsukasa?! When did you two...?!
Tsukasa: We came to let you know that it's about time to get back to practicing. However, you seemed to be telling an interesting story, so we decided to stop and listen!
Nene: You could've given me a bit of a heads-up.
Nene: (It's just one surprise after another today...)
Tsukasa: We would have, but you were giving such a passion-filled presentation that it didn't feel right to interrupt.
Emu: Yup yup! Your eyes were sparkling as you talked just now, Nene!
Nene: Huh? R-Really...?
Tsukasa: Yes! It reminded me of the time you told us about Ms. Kazamatsuri!
Nene: Oh...
Rui: Hehe. You did say that you've been a fan of this title for quite some time, so it must be a very intriguing story.
Nene: Y-Yeah...
Emu: Oh, Nene! What's the protagonist's big secret? Can you tell us?!
Nene: It's... No, I can't! I was about to let it slip, but I won't say because it'll be a huge spoiler.
Nene: I'm sure the show will paint a good picture, so I think it's best to find out how things unfold then.
Emu: Okay! I'll wait patiently while looking forward to seeing what happens!
Tsukasa: Oh, I was thinking about reading up on it a little... At the same time, I wouldn't want to ruin the surprise...
Tsukasa: This is a coin toss, but I'll try seeing it without any knowledge of what's going to happen!
Rui: As for me, I'm interested in how they went about adapting the game's story into a script for the stage, so I'll likely perform a bit of research beforehand.
Rui: Hehe. I'm looking forward to seeing how the ideas I come up with compare to what they actually do.
Nene: Then, why don't I lend you the game?
Nene: As a whole, it's a trilogy, but this show only seems to cover the first game, so you should have enough time to play through it.
Nene: Oh, hang on. It might actually be better to play the remastered version. They fixed a few kinks in the story and made it easier to follow.
Rui: I see. In that case, I'll follow your recommendation and try playing that version of the game.
Nene: Okay, then I'll lend you that one.
Nene: I put a ton of hours into it and still remember how to get through the story, all the battle gimmicks and stuff, so let me know if you ever need any help.
Rui: Much appreciated.
Rui: And in the event that I'm too slow and can't quite finish the story, I can always ask you to do a commentated speed run for me.
Nene: Hehe. Oh, you.
Tsukasa: Hmm... This game's also piqued my interest.
Tsukasa: Would it be possible to play just partway without revealing any spoilers?
Nene: Not really if you stop somewhere in the middle.
Nene: It's like a riddle wrapped in a mystery. You'll find the answer to a question and end up being faced with even more questions.
Nene: I remember getting this game and staying up really late because I was so eager to see what happened next.
Tsukasa: Yes, I see. Then, I'll just have to wait until the day of.
Emu: Hehe. And we get to see this show together! I can't wait♪
Nene: Me neither.
Nene: (Despite this game being really good, I didn't really know anybody my age who knew much about it...)
Nene: (But now, I'm gonna get a chance to talk with everyone about it.)
Nene: (Oh, why can't it be the day of the show already?)
(Black cut)
