524_Nene Kusanagi_R4 A Childhood Friend's Gaze (event_74)

Gacha phrase: It's fine if you don't want to talk about it.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Shopping Mall]

Nene: Let's see... “How to preserve lemons in honey”...
Nene: Oh, I got some results.
Nene: “All you need are lemons and honey. It's very simple, and a great way to both recover and boost your immune system!”
Nene: Really? All I need are lemons and honey...? I shouldn't have any trouble making this.
Nene: And I'll need a lidded jar to keep them in... Okay, I can grab one while I buy the other stuff.
Nene: (It's a really simple recipe, so it should turn out pretty well... Right?)
Nene: (And I hope we get to talk more next time.) 
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rui: Okay, why don't we take a break here?
Asahi: Sounds good. Everyone, let's all take a quick break!
Emu: Okay! Nene, let's sit over there!
Nene: Sure... Oof.
Nene: (Practice has been pretty hard... But...)
ArcLand Cast Member A: Sorry, can I ask you a question about the scene we just did?
Tsukasa: Oh, do you mean the part where we speak at the same time?
ArcLand Cast Member A: Yeah! We didn't really sync right because I was having trouble with the timing.
Rui: You were? I mean, it's a conversation between a human and an android. I feel like it's more realistic if there were some hiccups along the way.
Nene: (Discussing in detail about what you see and notice is always really fun. You learn so much from it...)
Nene: (I wish I could do the same when it came to singing...)
Nene: (I should've done more to try to talk to them about it when we went to that diner...)
ArcLand Cast Member B: Emu, Nene, great work out there!
Nene: Eep...! Y-You too...!
Emu: Right back at you!
ArcLand Cast Member B: How does some herbal tea sound? Would you two like some?
Emu: Wow...! It smells like a bouquet of flowers!
Nene: Yeah, it does... Thank you very much.
ArcLand Cast Member B: You're welcome. This tea's actually really great for your throat.
ArcLand Cast Member B: I try to drink some before and during practices. It makes such a huge difference too. My voice feels completely different depending on whether I do or don't drink it.
Nene: Oh, that's really interesting.
Asahi: Hey, you're drinking that tea you always bring. Did you bring some for the rest of us?
ArcLand Cast Member A: Yeah, I want some too!
ArcLand Cast Member C: Same!
ArcLand Cast Member B: Okay, okay. I'll make some for all of you. Just gimme one sec.
Nene: Oh...
Nene: (I should thank her...)
Emu: Nene, this herbal tea's so yummy!
Nene: Yeah, and she said it's good for your throat...
Nene: (I really want to talk with everybody from ArcLand about this herbal tea, singing and how to rest and recover after practice.) 
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (I had a few chances to talk to them after that, but we usually only ever discussed practice...)
Nene: (*Sigh* I had so many chances to ask them about other stuff too...)
Nene: (But next time's my chance...! I mean, that's why I'm making these honeyed lemons!)
Nene: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Wonder Stage]

Asahi: Okay, this seems like a good place to take a break.
Tsukasa: Agreed.
Nene: ...!
Nene: (This is my chance to bring them out, but...)
Emu: Nene, what's wrong?
Nene: Huh? Oh, um...
ArcLand Cast Member B: I made some more herbal tea today. Who wants some?
Nene: Oh...
Nene: (What do I do...? My chance to share what I made with everyone is gonna slip away...!)
Emu: Nene...?
Emu: Nene!
Nene: Wah! Wh-What is it?
Emu: I'm not really sure what you want to do, but you can do it!!
Nene: What...?
Nene: (Emu...)
Nene: Right! Thanks...!
Nene: (I know I'm gonna regret it later if I don't act now.)
Nene: E-Excuse me...!
ArcLand Cast Member B: Oh, Nene, would you also like some tea?
Nene: Y-Yes, please. Also, um...
Nene: Would you all like to have some of these...?!
ArcLand Cast Member A: Hm? What do you have for us?
ArcLand Cast Member B: Oh wow! Honeyed lemons! I really love these!
Nene: Um, so... You were nice enough to share your tea with us, so I wanted to give something back that's also good for your throat...
Nene: Also... I-I'd like to ask you guys more about singing and recovering after practice...
ArcLand Cast Member B: Of course. We've actually been wondering what you guys' routines were, Nene.
ArcLand Cast Member C: Yeah, we all probably take care of ourselves differently, so it's always great to hear from different people!
Nene: Thank you very much...!
Emu: You did it, Nene!
Nene: Yeah... Thanks, Emu. You gave me the push I needed.
Emu: I was just wondering what you wanted to do, Nene. That's all.
Nene: But you gave me the courage to speak up. So, thanks...
Emu: You're super welcome♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: “Hmph... You're a machine. Speak when you are spoken to.”
Tsukasa: “Understood. Please excuse my insolence.”
Nene: “I possess the power to shut you down at will. Don't ever forget that.”
Tsukasa: “...”
Nene: “I suppose there's no way for you to understand the implications of what I just said.”
Tsukasa: “To be shut down...is to die...”
Nene: “You seem like a pain, robot...”
Rui: Okay, stop there. Nene, let's try that scene again with Asahi in Tsukasa's place.
Nene: Oh, okay. Let's do our best.
Asahi: Yes, let's.
(Black cut)
Rui: Alright, let's take a short break.
Nene: Interesting...
Nene: (Asahi and Tsukasa interpret that scene so differently from one another.)
Nene: (Compared to Asahi, the tone of the voice for Tsukasa's version of Bartlett seems kinda random sometimes.)
Nene: (I want to say that it has to do with how he believes Bartlett is trying to process everything he's being told...)
Nene: (But they're like polar opposites when it comes to that discussion about death.)
Nene: (Tsukasa seems to hesitate a little, like he's not sure if what he's saying is the right answer.)
Nene: (While Asahi says that line like it's purely a matter of fact. No ifs, ands or buts.)
Nene: (He says, “Please excuse my insolence,” with some bit of force, which makes how nonchalantly he delivers the next part about dying all the more surreal...)
Nene: (It's hard to believe how they can diverge so much on just one role...)
Emu: Nene, that was great!
Emu: You're doing such a good job of playing a really scary drill sergeant! I got goosebumps all over!
Nene: Oh, um... Thanks.
Emu: Hm? You don't seem all that happy? What's wrong? Oh, are you getting hungry?
Nene: Emu, I'm not you...
Nene: But you're not wrong... I was wondering just now if I doing a good enough job as I interact with Tsukasa and Asahi.
Emu: Huh? Really?
Nene: They both tried playing Bartlett, but ended up playing him so differently...
Emu: Oh, I felt that too. The same thing happened when they played Alfred.
Nene: So it wasn't just me...
Emu: Yup! I totally get it. They play Alfred really differently, but it's still Alfred.
Nene: Right. And I need to do my best to act alongside them...
Rui: Nene, you seem concerned. Is something wrong?
Nene: Oh, Rui, Asahi. There's something I want to ask you... Wait, where's Tsukasa?
Asahi: He's talking to my castmates about the next scene.
Nene: Oh, okay... For now, I'll ask you two...
(Black cut)
Rui: I see... You're worried that you could be doing a better job of interacting with Tsukasa and Asahi as they play Bartlett...
Asahi: Really? I thought you were doing just fine.
Rui: But you believe you could be doing better... Right, Nene?
Nene: Y-Yeah, I think so...
Emu: Oh! Oh! I wanna learn how to interact with them better too! Lots better!
Asahi: Thank you, Emu. In that case, well...
Asahi: This may not sound all that profound, but doesn't that have to do with really seeing how the person opposite to you is acting?
Emu: Really seeing how they're acting...?
Nene: I thought I did...
Rui: Yes, I agree that you've both established a good foundation. However, there does appear to be one difficult bit.
Rui: Do you concur, Asahi?
Asahi: Yes. For example, the scene we just practiced...
Asahi: Remember how you spoke with your back turned to Bartlett, Nene? You were treating him like someone who deserves that little respect, no?
Nene: Oh, you're right... I wasn't looking at Tsukasa's face that time.
Rui: She's doing a good job of showing how Sergeant Willis feels about Bartlett, so I'm not sure we can do much to change that part.
Asahi: I noticed something when Tsukasa and I played that scene just now. When I say, “Please excuse my insolence,” I never looked towards Nene.
Asahi: But when Tsukasa played Bartlett, he tried to make eye contact with you.
Nene: Huh...?
Rui: I believe that is Tsukasa's way of presenting a small aspect of Bartlett's humanity.
Asahi: I liked what he did there too. It felt like he was making a real effort to make a human connection.
Nene: Really? I had no idea...
Emu: Yeah, there are times when I can't tell what other people are doing because I have my back turned to them...
Asahi: That's perfectly fine. “Seeing” how someone is acting doesn't literally involve looking at them.
Asahi: So, when you're not sure, it's good to ask others who watch you practice about particular scenes.
Nene: Oh, now I understand...
Rui: Hehe. We've been making an effort to dissect our performances up until now, but it's nice to be taking such a deep dive like this.
Emu: Yeah! I'm gonna try asking more people from now on!
Nene: Me too.
Nene: (Asking is easy, and even though it's not like I did until now... Being more intentional about it is gonna make a huge difference moving forward.)
Nene: Rui, Asahi, thank you both for taking the time to answer my question.
Emu: Thank you very much!
Rui & Asahi: You're welcome.
(Black cut)
