568_Nene Kusanagi_R3 Drive GO! GO! (event_81)

Gacha phrase: This looks like it'll be a fun day.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Scramble Crossing]

Nene: We're supposed to meet Emu and her sister somewhere around here, right?
Tsukasa: Yes... And it was so nice of her to offer to drive.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Hinata: Hehe. It's nice to meet you all. I'm Emu's big sister, Hinata.
Hinata: You must be Tsukasa, Nene and Rui. I've been meaning to meet all of you for quite some time now.
(White cut)
Hinata: You were just talking about doing shows in various different places, no? I'd like to help you with that, and I can drive if need be.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: Out of all her siblings, Emu and her sister seemed the most related to one another.
Rui: Not only that, Emu's description of her being “soft and cuddly” fits perfectly.
Tsukasa: Yes, I remember her saying that when she mentioned that she has siblings.
Emu: Hi, everyone! What a wonderhoy evening♪
Nene: Huh? Emu? I thought you were coming by car with your sister.
Emu: Oh, she's waiting at the light just over there!
Emu: Also, she asked me to ask you guys to move to a spot where she'll be able to park her car!
Tsukasa: Ah, I see! We hadn't thought of that.
Rui: Then, we should move. Let's go, Robo-Nene, Lion Dance Robot.
Robo-Nene: Understood.
Lion Dance Robot: CHOMP!
Nene: I didn't know that your sister had a driver's license.
Emu: Hehe. She actually just got it really recently.
Emu: Shosuke's been helping her practice by driving around in the garden!
Tsukasa: The garden?!
Nene: Oh, right... Emu's house is unbelievably huge, so I wouldn't be surprised if they had the space to do something like that.
Nene: If anything, I'm more surprised by how she's driving a car that's big enough to fit Robo-Nene, Lion Dance Robot and all of us.
Emu: Actually, her car's a lot smaller and cuter.
Emu: Today, she's driving Shosuke's...
Emu: Oh, did you hear that just now?
Tsukasa: Hear what...?
Tsukasa: What in the world is this black, behemoth of a vehicle?! And how was it able to stop right in front of us just now?!
Nene: D-Don't tell me...
Hinata: Hello, everyone! I apologize for making you wait in the cold like this!
Nene: It's her...!
Emu: Hi, Sis! Can you open up the back for us?
Tsukasa: This car looks expensive! Is it an import? I've only ever seen anything like this in Hollywood films...!
Rui: Excellent. There should be plenty of room for both Robo-Nene and Lion Dance Robot.
Tsukasa: How are you so calm?!
Rui: Because Emu mentioned Shosuke's name towards the end of her sentence.
Rui: He owns a cruiser, so it seems fair to believe that he also owns a few expensive cars.
Nene: Y-Yeah, but...
Hinata: Is something wrong? Come aboard. It's nice and warm inside.
Hinata: Oh, we also had the chef make a little something for us to eat along the way. Please have some whenever you like.
Tsukasa: Ah, I see. Thank you very much.
Hinata: I even had him look up some rest areas along the way that apparently serve delicious food.
Emu: Nice work, Sis! You're the best♪
Hinata: Aren't I though? I had all of that information printed out and placed on your seats, so please have a look later.
Hinata: I know you'll all be busy once you start actually doing your shows, but we should have plenty of time to make a few stops on the way over.
Rui: Yes, that sounds nice. Why don't we start flipping through these now?
Nene: I thought this when we went to Emu's house that other time, but her family really does seem to think on an entirely different scale...
Rui: Still, not many people get to start the new year off like this.
Rui: And we're all together, which should make things fun.
Nene: Oh...
Nene: (Right. We get to welcome in the new year together.)
Nene: (It's been so long since I last did that with anyone outside of my family.)
Rui: Hehe. You seem excited, Nene.
Nene: Yeah, I kind of am.
Tsukasa: Hey, Rui! I need help loading Robo-Nene! Can you lend me a hand?!
Rui: Of course!
Nene: Oh, I'll help too!
Nene: (Today's probably gonna be super hectic, but I'm really looking forward to seeing how it actually turns out.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Nene Kusanagi)

[Shibuya Park]

Nene: (It's almost time...)
Nene: Oh...
Nene: ...
Ichika: Sorry I'm late, Kusanagi.
Nene: No, it's okay. I know you're busy with band practice and everything, so thank you for coming.
Ichika: It's my pleasure. I mean, I always learn so much when we practice singing together.
Nene: Um... Also...
Nene: Happy New Year, Hoshino. Let's make this year a good one.
Ichika: Happy New Year, Kusanagi! And yes, I'm hoping that we can.
Nene: *Sigh* I finally got a chance to tell you in person.
Nene: I wanted to talk to you at the beach, but we had to scramble to keep our show going.
Ichika: Saki said that you guys performed in a few different places that day.
Nene: Yeah. On top of a mountain, at a ski resort, the mall...
Nene: The audience even behaved and reacted pretty differently based on where we performed. That was actually kind of interesting to see.
Ichika: Speaking of which, you guys changed your dance routine based on how the audience members who volunteered sang, right?
Nene: Yeah. Improvising wasn't easy, but I thought it was a good experience.
Ichika: That's incredible... I mean, I sort of froze up when Tsukasa asked me to sing that time.
Nene: Not many would know what to do in that situation...
Nene: But you made it really easy for us to dance since you put on such a good singing performance.
Nene: Not only that, more people began to gather after hearing you sing.
Nene: So, I think it's incredible that you were able to do that on the spot.
Ichika: R-Really...?
Nene: Yes, really.
Ichika: Thank you, Kusanagi...
Nene: ...
Ichika: ...
Nene: (Wh-What do I do...? I've pretty much said everything that I was hoping to...)
Nene: (Um... What else is there...?)
Ichika: Um, Kusanagi... Can I ask you something?
Nene: Huh? S-Sure, what's up?!
Ichika: If you're interested, would you mind coming to see us perform again?
Nene: Oh, that's right. I got to see your band play a little during Shibuya Festa, but not at a live house yet.
Nene: So... Yes, I'd love to see one of your shows as long as it doesn't conflict with one of ours.
Ichika: Really?!
Nene: Yeah. I really want to see you sing with your band at a live house, Hoshino.
Ichika: Thank you so much, Kusanagi! I promise to let you know once we have a date for our next show.
Nene: Okay, thanks.
Nene: But I'm a little nervous about going to a live house...
Ichika: Don't worry! I know they have a reputation for being kinda scary, but the place we play at is actually really nice.
Ichika: I'm sure you'll have a good time!
Nene: Hehe. Thanks.
Nene: Then, I'll make seeing one of your shows one of my New Year's resolutions.
Ichika: Great! We'll make sure to practice and be ready for you whenever.
Nene: Now, wanna start our first practice of the new year?
Ichika: Yes, let's!
(Black cut)
