575_Nene Kusanagi_R2 Lessons Learnt Alone (event_82)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Nene's Room]

Nene: *Sigh* Today's practice was more exhausting than usual for some reason...
Nene: But it was also really good since we got so much done...
Nene: (I think we have Tsukasa to thank for that...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: “I do not know. I am no swordsman, nor do I possess the strength to break stone.”
Tsukasa: “At the same time, how long has this feeling lingered within me...?”
Tsukasa: “This inexplicable compulsion to protect the world. It feels as though it has been branded into my soul...”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (After just a few days of attending that workshop, Tsukasa learned how to act in such a convincing manner...)
Nene: (Come to think of it, he sort of had to learn acting all on his own up to this point.)
Nene: (And yet, despite never being part of a theatre group or learning from experienced actors before, he's able to put on these incredible performances playing the lead role.)
Nene: (He improved so much after working with Asahi too. If he receives formal training on top of that...)
Nene: No, there's still the possibility that the director running Tsukasa's workshop is just really good at what they do...
Nene: A workshop, huh...?
Nene: (It reminds me of how much fun I had with my theatre group when I was little. It's like I got to make a new discovery each time I went...)
Nene: (Then, I got to be the lead...and...)
Nene: (No, I'm not scared of going on stage anymore. I have the others behind me.)
Nene: (But is that because I know they're performing alongside me...?)
Nene: (What happens when I have to go on stage with people I don't know...?)
Nene: (Yikes... I'm already sort of afraid of meeting a bunch of new people all at once... I feel like I'd freeze up or something...)
Nene: *Sigh* But it's not like I'm completely uninterested in attending one of those workshops.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: ...
Nene: Maybe I should practice introducing myself a bit...
Nene: Something normal... Nothing like the weird one Tsukasa did.
Nene: Um...
Nene: My name is Nene Kusanagi. I'm looking forward to working with you.
Nene: Oh, I should probably say, “It's nice to meet you,” somewhere... Also, where I work and stuff...
Nene: My name is Nene Kusanagi. It's nice to meet you. I perform in shows at Phoenix Wonderland as a member of the cast.
Nene: ...
Nene: (Uh oh... What do I say after that part...?)
Nene: Um... My hobbies, I guess?
(Black cut)
Nene: *Sigh*
Nene: (I tried looking online for some good ways to introduce myself, but I don't think any of them will work for me...)
Nene: (I can probably talk about the shows I've seen and done just fine... But those workshops usually involve having discussions...)
Nene: (Plus, doing a show with a big group isn't just about acting. You have to talk and get to know each other...)
Nene: *Sigh* Having to meet new people to do shows with them is probably the worst part of theatre for me...
Nene: (But Tsukasa's working really hard, so I should...)
Nene: Oh, I know...
Nene: Found it!
Nene: Thank goodness... The notebook I kept when I was still with my old theatre group was right where I left it.
Nene: (Most of what I wrote is pretty fundamental, but I might be able to learn something new by going back through it...)
Nene: (I'll start by reviewing everything in here...)
Nene: Let's begin...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Nene's Room]

Nene: Okay, I've finished reviewing everything I learned when I was with my children's theatre group.
Nene: From how to project my voice to maintaining a good posture... In hindsight, going back through this notebook was a really good idea.
Nene: I feel like keeping the fundamentals in mind is going to help me hit even higher notes when I sing.
Nene: But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Peter Pan (Tsukasa): “So can you if you truly believe. Wherever you like, beyond your wildest dreams...”
Peter Pan (Tsukasa): “And at the end, Neverland awaits!”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (Tsukasa's grown so much more... There's no way this alone will help me catch up to him.)
Nene: I wish I could do more...
Nene: Also, everyone who performed alongside Tsukasa was really famous.
Nene: He said that they worked on their fundamentals before putting them into practice... I'd love to hear what his fellow attendees have to say.
Nene: Like what they keep in mind while acting, which techniques they use and the roles they've played in the past...
Nene: I'd love to talk to them...
Nene: But...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Kamiyama High School]

Rui: Why don't you just ask him...?
Nene: What? But...that feels like cheating.
Nene: He's already taught us so much in the name of making the world of theatre a better place...
Nene: I mean, we're not talking about what he learned here. We're talking about having him tell us what he discussed with his fellow attendees.
Nene: Having him reveal that to us... It's like we're just benefitting from all his hard work, you know...?
Rui: Hmm...
Rui: To be fair, Tsukasa does have a talent for making friends quickly. Not only that, he often becomes the center of attention before we know it.
Rui: Meanwhile, Nene, your shyness tends to prevent you from doing so unless you're given a golden opportunity.
Nene: ...
Nene: You didn't have to say that...
Rui: Hehe. Sorry, I suppose that was a bit mean.
Rui: Regardless, everyone has their strong and weak points. This isn't something that you can resolve overnight, so you really don't need something like that hanging over your head.
Rui: However, if it's bothering you that much, you need only start working on fixing that part of you.
Nene: But...
Rui: I'm not saying that you're not making an effort to, Nene. I'm just saying that Tsukasa's good at interacting with others, so why not lean on him a little...?
Rui: Honestly, it'd be a waste to let such a good learning opportunity go to waste.
Rui: Especially since Tsukasa's going out of his way to show us what he was taught.
Nene: Oh...
Nene: (He's right. After each day of his workshop, he's been telling us all about what he learned and the discussions he had with everyone else...)
Nene: Yeah, I sorta do want him to tell me more about what he talked about with the other attendees...
Nene: Thanks for the advice, Rui.
Rui: You're welcome. By the way, Tsukasa's usually in this classroom about now.
Nene: What? You want me to ask him now...? I mean... I'm not sure I'm ready to...
Tsukasa: Ah, Rui, Nene! What brings you two here?!
Nene: Eep!
Rui: Ah, Tsukasa, good morning.
Nene: M-Morning...
Tsukasa: Hm? Is something the matter, Nene?
Nene: Oh... Um...
Nene: Th-The thing is, Tsukasa...
Nene: Um... Would you mind telling us more about the other people who attended your workshop?
Nene: Like how they practiced and what roles they played in the past... I-If you're allowed to tell us. You don't have to if you can't...
Tsukasa: Ah, I was wondering what you were going to ask. Is that it?!
Tsukasa: Of course! For future reference, I asked quite a lot about how they liked to get into character!
Tsukasa: Oh, there's the bell. We'll have to pick this back up during lunch or at a later time.
Nene: Oh, in that case... Why don't we wait until Emu's also with us? I'm sure she'll want to hear all about what you heard.
Tsukasa: Good point. Then, we'll continue this discussion when we're at the Wonder Stage! I'll see you both later!
Rui: That worked out pretty well, Nene.
Nene: Yeah...
Nene: Thanks, Rui.
Rui: Hehehe. You're welcome.
(Black cut)
