584_Nene Kusanagi_R4 Hold Them In Your Mind (event_84)

Gacha phrase: Wow... It smells kind of good.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Nene Kusanagi, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Scramble Crossing]

Nene: Oh, the light's about to change...
Ichika: Why don't we wait for the next one? We still have plenty of time until we have to meet.
Nene: Yeah, okay.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Nene: Kanade Yoisaki...?
Ichika: Yes, Honami invited her to make candles with us because she also seems to be having trouble deciding what to do for Valentine's Day.
Nene: O-Oh, okay...
Ichika: Oh no... I'm really sorry. I should've asked you about this first.
Nene: N-No, it's okay. I mean, I'm a fellow student, so it's not my choice anyway.
Nene: Still, that name... It sounds so familiar...
Ichika: Huh? Really?
Nene: Yeah. Where have I heard it before...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nene: Wait, I remember now...! That time...
Ichika: Oh, you two already know each other?
Nene: Oh, um... She helped us out the other day, but I only got to talk to her for a little bit...
Ichika: I see. Talk about a small world.
Nene: Yeah, also... Yoisaki's gonna join us when we go shopping for supplies, right?
Ichika: Yes. When we do, I'll be sure to reintroduce you two to each other.
Nene: Okay, thanks.
Nene: (Yoisaki, huh...? I've technically already met her, but we didn't really speak, it barely counted...)
Nene: (I hope I can keep a conversation going with her...)
Nene: (But Hoshino's friends with her, so she's gotta be a sensible person...unlike some people I know... I'll be fine, right...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: Kusanagi, the light turned green.
Nene: Oh, okay...!
Nene: ...
Nene: (I think I'm starting to get nervous again...)
Nene: (B-But Hoshino's here, so I should be fine...)
Ichika: Kusanagi, that reminds me...
Nene: Huh? Y-Yeah?
Ichika: I got a message from Kanade yesterday...
Ichika: And she said that she's looking forward to meeting you.
Nene: Oh...
Nene: Really? That's good to hear...
Ichika: Kanade's a really nice person, so I'm sure you two will get along just fine.
Nene: Okay, thanks.
Nene: (She's looking forward to meeting me...?)
Nene: (I was all worried about being able to keep a conversation going with her...)
Nene: (But this is my chance to get to know her.)
Nene: (As nervous as I am, I'm also starting to look forward to meeting her.)
Nene: (Oh...)
Nene: (Did Hoshino notice how I was feeling...?)
Nene: (Is that why she said that? Was she trying to help me relax...?)
Nene: (Thanks, Hoshino...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[The day after Valentine's Day]

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: (I'm running a little late. Homeroom went on for longer than expected.)
Nene: Oh...
Nene: (They seem to be enjoying themselves. I wonder what's going on.)
Nene: Sorry I'm late...
Tsukasa: Ah, there she is. Right on cue.
Nene: Right on cue?
Emu: Nene! We've been waiting for you☆
Nene: Wah! Wh-Why are you hugging me all of a sudden?
Rui: Hehe. We were actually just talking about the scented candles you gave us, Nene.
Nene: Oh, did you guys already try them out?
Emu: Yup! The one you gave me smelled so nice! It made me feel all warm and fuzzy!
Emu: And then, I dreamt that I was walking through some woods☆ Hehe. When I woke up the next morning, I was already out of bed for some reason♪
Nene: You tossed yourself out of bed...?
Nene: But you have a good nose, Emu.
Nene: The candle I gave you is supposed to give you the feeling of being out in the sun or in a forest.
Emu: Woohoo! I was right♪
Tsukasa: Ah, then... Can you explain why my candle had such a refreshing fragrance to it?
Tsukasa: It smelled very much like oranges...
Nene: That's right. I used a sweet orange fragrance. It's supposed to help clear your head and feel refreshed.
Tsukasa: Ah, so it was oranges!
Tsukasa: I tried lighting it before I went to bed and I seemed to sleep much better than usual!
Nene: Really? Then, I'm glad.
Emu: Oh, Rui, what was yours like?
Rui: Mine? I believe it was some sort of musk...
Nene: Correct. I went for something a little more mature that felt subtle.
Tsukasa: Mature and subtle...?
Rui: Hm? Do you have something to say?
Nene: I understand what you mean, Tsukasa. I thought the hardest about which fragrances to choose for Rui...
Nene: The thing is... I had the idea to mix and match to create something more...chaotic?
Nene: But that sounded really hard for a beginner like me, so I decided to go with something simpler.
Rui: Hehe. Thank you for giving our gifts so much thought, Nene. We really appreciate it.
Nene: *Nod* You're welcome.
Nene: I'm just glad you all like them so much.
Nene: It was my first time making these and I tried to choose fragrances that suited all of you, so I was actually really worried that you wouldn't like them...
Emu: What?! But they turned out so well. I had no idea that you were also that worried, Nene...
Nene: Also...? What do you mean?
Emu: Hehe... The truth is, I was also worried about how you guys would feel about what I made.
Tsukasa: You were? It certainly didn't seem like you were worried...
Rui: Yes, if anything, you seemed rather confident...
Emu: That's because I gave you guys the chocolates which turned out the best!
Emu: Unfortunately... I made a lot of mistakes along the way...
Emu: I tried mixing chocolate pens to get the colors I wanted, but they kept becoming a shade too light or too dark...
Emu: Even when I tried drawing you guys' faces with them, I'd sometimes grip you too tight and make your arms and heads fall off.
Emu: Oh, and Nene, your hair's really fluffy, so I made sure to use a separate mold for that...
Emu: But when I tried to attach it too firmly, your head would fall off. And it wouldn't stay on if I didn't apply enough pressure, so you kept ending up with a chrome dome.
Tsukasa: I see. That sounds like quite an ordeal...
Nene: Thanks, Emu. I really appreciate how much effort you put into our gifts.
Emu: Hehe. I worked really hard because I wanted to see you guys smile☆
Nene: Hehe. That makes sense.
Nene: (I mean, it is Valentine's Day. You're supposed to sort of put your heart and soul into your creations.)
Nene: Say, Emu... Can you show me how you made those chocolates sometime?
Emu: Of course☆ I wanna learn how to make scented candles♪ Pretty please!
Nene: Yeah, I'd be more than happy to teach you.
Emu: Yay! Thanks, Nene!
Nene: (I only decided to make something for Valentine's Day after Emu said that she was going to...)
Nene: (But I'm really glad I did...)
(Black cut)
