623_Nene Kusanagi_R3 To Become The Canary (event_90)

Gacha phrase: I have to understand this role...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

[Phoenix Stage]

Director: That should do it for our read-through. I want you all to use the remaining time to practice the scenes you appear in.
Cast Members: Okay!
Nene: (We're really picking up the pace now that they've cast Rio.)
Nene: (I need to figure out this role soon since rehearsals will be starting.)
Nene: (I want to start by practicing for my first scene as the Cowardly Canary...)
Nene: (Uh... Where are the actors playing the scary forest animals...?)
Nene: Oh...
Nene: (The Cowardly Canary interacts with Rio too...)
Nene: (But as I am now...)
Nene: (No. I don't have time to think like that. I need to practice.)
Cast Member A: There you are, Kusanagi! Could we practice the scene where our characters meet?
Nene: (Oh, they're playing the forest animals...)
Cast Member B: Were you about to go ask Tenma?
Nene: No, I was just looking at him and thinking about how I should put in as much effort as he has. Um... I'd be happy to practice with you.
Cast Member A: Great! The pleasure is all ours. I welcome criticism, so please give me any and all feedback you have!
Nene: O-Okay!
Nene: (Everyone from the Phoenix Stage is so motivated.)
Nene: (I have so much to learn from them.)
Cast Member B: I have to say, I'm blown away by Tenma's progress. Who would've thought he'd build his character to that extent in the few days leading up to the audition?
Cast Member A: Right! The future's way past bright for that guy. Who knows how much further he'll perfect the role before we open?
Nene: (Oh...)
Nene: (I have to keep up with him.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Neighborhood]

Nene: *Sigh*
Nene: (I haven't walked home alone like this in a while.)
Nene: (Rui said he had to discuss something with the director. I wonder if it's about the direction, or about his performance...)
Nene: (And it looked like Emu was tracking down everyone she has a scene with to discuss with them.)
Nene: ...
Nene: (Everyone's trying so hard to make our performance of “The Happy Phoenix” a success.)
Nene: (I want to do my part too... But I'm still not satisfied with my performance.)
Nene: (I'm not good enough yet...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (I need to work much harder.)
Nene: (I still haven't become the Cowardly Canary. I need to deepen my understanding of the role.)
Nene: (Would it help if I put myself through the same experience as my character, like Tsukasa did?)
Nene: (The canary is afraid of the forest and the animals there that might eat her...)
Nene: (So, I could go somewhere that scares me...)
Nene: (The canary's fear is for her own life, but I won't go that far... Even so, it could be a chance to imagine how she feels.)
Nene: (Anyway, right now I just need to do anything I can!)
Nene: Alright, once I get home I'll search for somewhere to go.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, An Shiraishi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Stage]

Nene: Here we go.
Nene: Um...! G-Good morning.
Cast Members: Good morning, Kusanagi. You're here bright and early!
Cast Members: Morning, Kusanagi! Are you also here to get in some solo practice?
Nene: I am. Also, I was wondering...
Nene: Could I join you for stretches?
Cast Members: Certainly, be our guest! By the way, how is practice going? We don't have any scenes together, but I'm curious to hear about your progress.
Cast Members: Yeah! So am I.
Nene: O-Okay...! Also, could I ask later about how things are going with your scenes?
Cast Members: Of course! Ask away!
Nene: Thank you! I will.
(Black cut)
Director: That concludes our ensemble run-through! Once again, the rest of our time will be for individual practice.
Cast Members: Okay!
Nene: (Now's my chance!)
Nene: Excuse me!
Cast Member A: Oh, Kusanagi! We were just about to come over to you.
Cast Member B: Could we work on our scene together again?
Nene: That's what I was coming over to ask about, so yes, I'd like that.
Nene: Also... I'd like your opinions on something...
(Black cut)
Cast Member A: This was such a productive session, Kusanagi! Thank you so much.
Cast Member B: You wanted our opinions on your canary, right? I think you're taking the right angle.
Nene: *Gasp* Thank you.
Cast Member A: That just leaves the question of how realistic you can go. I'm sure a human and a bird will move differently when cowering...
Cast Member B: But there's more to it than just realism. That aspect is meaningless if you don't get through to your audience.
Cast Member A: That's true. Some actors even purposefully do things that a real animal wouldn't in order to make their performance more evocative.
Nene: I see what you mean. I'll consider a wider range of ways to portray the character.
Nene: (They seemed to like my ideas for my portrayal.)
Nene: (If I factor in their advice and keep developing the role...)
???: Hey, Nene!　
???: Neeeneee♪
Nene: Oh...
Rui: Hello, Nene. Nice work there.
Tsukasa: We were watching your practice! It seems your preparations are going well.
Nene: Wait, you were watching? Since when...?
Emu: Hehehe. Nene, lately you're all powered up and glowy☆
Nene: Powered up and glowy...?
Rui: We've noticed you approaching the rest of the cast more frequently.
Nene: Oh, that's what you mean...
Nene: We'll be going on stage together, so it only makes sense to share our opinions and what we have planned for our roles.
Tsukasa: That's natural. However, I think you've become even more proactive these last few days.
Rui: Has there been some kind of positive change in you?
Nene: There...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: Hehe... Actually...
Tsukasa: Whoa, a session with Shiraishi and Shiho?
Emu: You got to join in on a street performance? That sounds so, so fun♪
Nene: Yeah, it really was.
Nene: (The anxiety I was feeling before we sang kinda just melted away. Also...)
Nene: (I think I learned to push through my worries and just try something.)
Emu: Hehehe, Nene's all super smiley!
Nene: Hey, don't stare at me like that. It feels really awkward.
Nene: More importantly, do you guys wanna practice since we're all together now?
Tsukasa: Ah, that's a good idea! Then let's run through the scene where Rio enters the forest to meet the Phoenix.
Emu: Okie dokie♪
Rui: Let's jump right in then, if we're all ready?
Nene: Ready when you are.
(Black cut)
