646_Nene Kusanagi_R2 Gentle Encouragement From Afar (event_94)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Phoenix Stage]

Nene: Hello. Looking forward to another day working with you all.
Cast Members: Oh, Kusanagi! School's finished for the day?
Cast Members: Let's have another great day of practice!
Nene: Yes!
Nene: (I've got to do my best leading up to the 30th Anniversary Show.)
Nene: I'll start with some stretching...
Emu: Nene! Wonderhoy♪
Nene: Whoa! Oh, Emu, it's just you... You surprised me.
Emu: Hehehe☆ Let's do our best at practice today, Nene!
Nene: Right. By the way, you seem really happy. Did something good happen?
Emu: We had a briefing on our field trip today!
Nene: Field trip?
Emu: So, all of the first-years will be going to Yokohama this year☆
Nene: Yokohama, huh? I'm sure there's a lot of things to see there, like the harbor or Chinatown.
Emu: We've formed all of our groups too! I'm in the same group as Honami♪
Nene: Oh, that's right. You and Mochizuki are in the same class. Are there other people from your class in the group?
Emu: Yeah! A friend from gymnastics club and two of Honami's friends♪
Nene: So five people altogether. Sounds like fun. Do you know where you'll be going in Yokohama?
Emu: Well, all of the first-years will be going to the History Archive Museum together first.
Nene: Right, I guess to all do some studying at the same place. And then?
Emu: We get to go wherever we want to go in our groups!
Emu: But that's what Honami, the others and I are discussing right now.
Emu: We want to go see the Ferris wheel and try lots of yummy things in Chinatown!
Nene: That's right, there's a huge Ferris wheel at the harbor. And Yokohama is also known for the Chinatown there.
Emu: Oh, we also talked about going to the instant noodle museum too!
Nene: Instant noodle museum? I didn't know there was a place like that...
Emu: Honami said she wants to go since you can pick your favorite ingredients and make your own instant noodles in a cup!
Nene: Really? That does sound pretty interesting.
Nene: What about the Red Brick Center? Isn't that also a well-known spot?
Emu: Yeah! We're also thinking about whether or not to go there.
Emu: There's so many places we want to go to that Honami's friend was all “I wish there was more time!” and “If only we could clone ourselves!”
Nene: Hehe. I get how she feels. Since you're already going, why wouldn't you want to see everything?
Nene: (If Emu's going, that means Hoshino and Hinomori would be as well...)
Nene: (Their solo show really was amazing.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika: This next song will be our last...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (Even after it was over, my heart was pounding so much... I kept talking with Emu and the others about the show after we went to watch it...)
Nene: (I still had this warm feeling after I got home, and I ended up calling Hoshino on a whim too...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Nene: The way you sang with such confidence up there today was so cool...
Nene: It made me think, “Wow, my friend is amazing.” After that, I felt like I should be more brave.
Nene: It made me want to work harder, so that I can stand on stage the same way you did.
(Background change)
Ichika: <Kusanagi...>
Nene: Sorry for dumping all of that out of nowhere. That was weird.
Ichika: <No, not at all. Let's both keep working hard.>
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (I hope they all have fun on their field trip.)
Emu: Nene! I'll bring back lots and lots of souvenirs, okay☆ Look forward to it♪
Nene: Hehe, thanks.
Nene: Alright, I should start stretching now. Did you want to join me, Emu?
Emu: Yeah♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

[Shibuya Park]

Nene: So the next scene is when the canary and Rio meet... Okay, I'll practice this.
Nene: It's important to show what kind of character the canary is here, so I've got to do this right.
Nene: …
Nene: “♪————”
Nene: (And then this is when Rio is lured by the canary's singing and comes over...)
Nene: “H-Huh?! Who's there...?!”
Nene: “N-No, stay away...!”
Nene: (Maybe it should sound a little stronger.)
Nene: “N-No, stay away...!”
Nene: “Oh... I-I'm sorry... But please... Go somewhere else...”
Nene: “I don't like humans... Because they're always mean to me...”
Nene: *Exhale*
Nene: I managed to get it pretty much exactly how I wanted. This should be...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (Wait, no. I can't be satisfied with this.)
Nene: (I need to be more immersed in the canary's character. I can do better...!)
(Black cut)
Nene: Oh, look at the time...
Nene: (Hoshino should be coming soon. I think I'll rest my voice for a bit.)
Nene: *Sigh*
Nene: (I haven't seen her since her solo show.)
Nene: (Her singing and performance just keep improving. I feel like I'm the one learning from her.)
Nene: I'd better keep up.
???: Kusanagi!
Nene: Oh, Hoshino.
Ichika: You're here so early. Have you started practicing already?
Nene: Just a little bit of acting. I haven't started singing practice yet.
Ichika: Right. You did mention that the 30th Anniversary Show is soon. Thank you for coming even though you're so busy.
Nene: It's okay. I was looking forward to practicing with you anyway.
Nene: Also, you went to Yokohama with your class for a field trip, right? How was it?
Ichika: It was super fun. My group and I ate some really nice curry, went shopping at the Red Brick Center, and...
Ichika: Well, some things happened and my friend and I went on the water taxi.
Nene: Hehe, I see. I heard the weather was good that day too, so that must've been nice.
Ichika: It was. Oh, Honami and Otori were in the same group and said that they went around Chinatown.
Nene: Yeah, I heard about that too. Emu told me all about it. Seemed like they had a lot of fun.
Nene: She came back with both arms full of souvenirs and was giving them all out to the other cast members.
Nene: I even got some cheesecake, chocolates and a lot of other stuff...
Ichika: Oh, I actually have a souvenir for you too, Kusanagi.
Nene: Huh?
Ichika: Um, it's a keychain... Here...
Nene: Wow... It's a little blue bird. It's so cute...
Ichika: Do you remember the musical you recommended to me a while ago? I somewhat remembered that the main character treasured something like this...
Ichika: I did think about getting something more Yokohama-ish, but...
Ichika: Well... I thought something that could remind you that I'm cheering you on would be better.
Nene: Hoshino...
Nene: Thank you. I love it.
Ichika: Also... I actually got a matching one. See...
Nene: Oh...
Ichika: I asked a friend what would be a good souvenir that could be a sign of my support.
Ichika: And she suggested having matching items...
Ichika: She said that a reminder that you're not alone might help you have courage when you're feeling anxious.
Nene: (That I'm not alone...)
Nene: Thank you for putting so much thought into it, Hoshino.
Nene: Can I...put it on my bag? I want it to always be with me.
Ichika: Of course.
Nene: Done!
Ichika: I've said it before, but... I'll be cheering for you, Kusanagi.
Nene: Thanks!
Nene: Okay then, shall we start practicing?
Ichika: Sounds good.
(Black cut)
