682_Nene Kusanagi_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: I'm embarrassed...but really happy.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[The day before Nene's birthday]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Ready everyone? Here we go♪
Emu, Rin & Len: Okay!
Miku (WxS): Happy birthday, Nene☆
Emu, Rin & Len: Happy birthday!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Nene: Thank you, everyone...
The Plushies' Voices: Nene! We want to wish you a happy birthday too!
Nene: Huh? Was that the plushies just now? But I don't see them anywhere...
Rui: Hehe, I wonder... Here we go...
Nene: W-Wait a second! What's that bazooka-looking thing for?!
Tsukasa: Excellent! We'll count down from five! Five!
Nene: What? Wait...!
Emu: Four!
Rin & Len: Three!
Luka & MEIKO: Two!
Miku & KAITO: One!
Rui: Zero! Firing the plushie cannon!
Plushies: Weee♪ Hello☆
Nene: Whoa! Th-They're being shot into the air?!
Tsukasa: We're just getting started!
Plushies: Deploying the parachutes!
Rui: Perfect. They deployed smoothly.
Emu: Look Nene! Look at the parachutes!
Nene: The parachutes? Oh, there's something written on them...
Nene: Hap...py... Birth...day...?
Plushies: That's right♪
Plushies: Happy birthday, Nene!
Nene: Thank you, plushies!
Nene: Hehe, this is amazing... There's even a petal shower.
Rin: Hehe. We made the petals♪
Nene: Really? It must've been a lot of work to make so many.
Len: Not at all. All of this effort is totally worth it to put a smile on your face.
Nene: Thank you... I never would've expected you to prepare so much for me.
MEIKO: It's your birthday! There's no way we wouldn't have♪
Miku (WxS): Yup yup♪ We love you so much, Nene☆
Nene: Oh...
Nene: Um... Thank...you.
KAITO: You'll be celebrating with your friends tomorrow, right? Have lots of fun.
Tsukasa: You will be there as well, won't you, Emu?
Emu: Sure will☆ Five of us are meeting up to go to the petting zoo and a cafe, and then we're finishing the day off at the arcade♪
Nene: Yeah. We'll be meeting up with some others at the arcade. So I guess that'll make seven of us in total.
Rui: Oh... To think I'd see the day the once shy and timid Nene would celebrate her birthday with others outside of her family...
Nene: You're one to talk, Rui...
Nene: But even I'm a little surprised... I never thought I'd ever make this many friends.
Tsukasa: Remember, Nene. Friends are forever. Make sure you treasure them.
Nene: Yeah, I know.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Nene's birthday]

[Scramble Crossing]

Emu: Oh! They're here! Hey, over here♪
Ichika: Kusanagi, Otori. Sorry, did we make you two wait long?
Nene: It's okay. We just came too.
Nene: Um... Thank you for inviting me out today...
Ichika: No, we should be the one's saying that. Let's have lots of fun.
Nene: Yeah.
Nene: Also... Thank you for coming too, Mochizuki, Hinomori...
Honami: I thought it would be more fun if there were more people to celebrate with, so I hope you don't mind me joining.
Shiho: Minori's at work, so I hope you don't mind me taking her place.
Nene: You're more than welcome. Thank you so much for coming.
Shiho: It's a little early to be thanking us, don't you think? The fun has only just started.
Emu: Yup♪ Let's have the most, super duper fun day ever☆
Nene: Yeah!
Ichika: Well then, let's go!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Shopping Mall]

Staff Member: Welcome to the Fluffball Petting Zoo! The next group may now head in!
Emu: Wow! Look, Nene! There's so many bunnies!
Nene: They're all so cute. Oh... We're allowed in this area to get close to them.
Ichika: We can even crouch down and put them on our laps. I hope they don't run away, though...
Shiho: We can use the food we got to get them to come over. Hey there, don't be shy.
Nene: Oh, they came. Hehe, they're eating the carrot like their life depends on it.
Shiho: Ichika, Kusanagi, why don't you two try?
Nene: Okay. Here you go. Want a carrot?
Ichika: I have some too. They're really yummy.
Ichika & Nene: (Oh, they're coming!)
Nene: O-Or not? They just went past us...
Ichika: Yeah, and they're all gathering over there–
Honami: Why are all of them coming over here? I-I don't have any more carrots.
Honami: Whoa! P-Please don't nibble on my clothes!
Emu: Hahaha! You're so popular, Honami♪
Ichika: Lucky you, Honami. Surrounded by all of those rabbits...
Nene: Hehe, maybe they think you smell nice.
Honami: Don't just watch! Help me!
(Black cut)

[Cafe]

Waiter: Here's your Seasonal Fruit Feast Parfait!
Emu: Wow! They really didn't hold back on the fruit! Looks so yummy♪
Nene: Yeah. Oh, I should take a photo to remember the occasion.
Ichika: In that case, why don't we ask the staff when they bring “that” over.
Nene: “That” what? I thought everyone's orders already arrived...
Waiter: Thank you for waiting! Here is your surprise birthday cake!
Nene: Cake? Whoa! There's even a sparkling candle too!
Honami: Let's get a photo before it goes out. Excuse me, would you please take a photo of us?
Waiter: Yes, of course!
Emu: Hurray☆ Big smiles, Nene♪
Nene: O-Okay!
Waiter: Here we go! Say, “Cheese!”
(Black cut)
Ichika: Ahhh... I'm so full.
Nene: Me too. I really wasn't expecting that surprise cake.
Shiho: That was Minori's idea.
Shiho: Even though she couldn't make it, she still wanted to do something special for your birthday.
Nene: I see...
Nene: That makes me so happy. I really didn't think I'd ever experience a surprise like that.
Shiho: I'm glad you liked it. I'll let Minori know that her surprise was a success.
Nene: Yes, please.
Ichika: Oh, shall we start heading over to our final destination? Probably shouldn't make them wait too long.
Nene: Sounds good.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Arcade]

Emu: Where are they? Where are they?
Nene: They said that they're near the arcade machines at the back, so probably somewhere around here.
Shiho: There they are. Over...hm?
Emu: Wow! Akito and Toya are here too♪ Wonderhoy☆
Kohane: Hehe, wonderhoy!
Nene: Thanks for coming, Azusawa, Shiraishi. Um...and you too, Aoyagi, Shinonome.
Toya: Sorry for coming unannounced.
Toya: I heard from Azusawa and Shiraishi that they're going to be celebrating your birthday, so I wanted to wish you a happy birthday at the very least.
Akito: I just tagged along.
An: But isn't this so much better? The more, the merrier! C'mon, let's do it!
Toya: Let's.
Toya: Kusanagi, happy birthday.
Kohane, An & Akito: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Nene: *Nod* Thank you...
Emu: Hey, Toya, Akito! You should play some games with us too!
Toya: I'd like that. Since we're here, why don't we play a game where we verse each other?
Nene: Oh, in that case, I'd like to play “that.” After all, I still haven't beaten you.
Toya: Ah, “that.” I accept your challenge.
Ichika: Oh, that's right. I totally forgot that you were really good at arcade games, Aoyagi.
An: Yeah, he's so good! He even got into the rankings for puzzle games.
Shiho: I heard he was good, but that's quite the achievement.
Akito: Yup. When it comes to competitive games, it's super fun just watching these two battle it out.
Toya: Are you ready, Kusanagi?
Nene: Yeah. I've been practicing so I think it'll be a tighter match than last time.
Toya: I'm looking forward to it. Alright, let's begin.
Nene: You're going down.
Emu: Nene, Toya! Good luck♪
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000212/bg_s000212.webp)
Kanade: Happy birthday, Kusanagi. I wasn't able to do much aside from wish you a happy birthday, but I hope you had an amazing day today.
Minori: Nene, I'm so sorry I wasn't able to join you guys! But I'm glad that you enjoyed the surprise birthday cake!
Minori: I'm sad that I couldn't say this to you in person, so I'm pouring my soul into your birthday greeting now!
Minori: Happy, happy birthday, Nene! I hope this year is a wonderful one for you!
An: Happy birthday, Kusanagi! I'm glad I was able to celebrate with you, even if it was just for a little bit.
Kohane: Me too. We even took lots of Print Stickers too! Playing video games was so much fun.
Akito: It was a really close match too. To be honest, I didn't think it was going to be as tight as it was.
Toya: Well, Kusanagi has always had excellent game sense. With a little more practice, I may not stand a chance next time.
An: You say that, but you seem pretty excited.
Kohane: Hehe. I can't wait for the next time we all get to play games together.
Ichika: Happy birthday, Kusanagi. I know we practice singing together quite often, but we don't usually hang out like this, so it was a nice change.
Honami: I think the last time was when we were making candles together. Thank you for a fun day of fluffy animals, good food and the great company.
Shiho: Saki wasn't able to come because of work, so let's all go do something together sometime.
Shiho: Once again, Kusanagi, happy birthday.
Tsukasa: Ahem! Here we go. Three, two, one!
Tsukasa, Emu & Rui: Happy birthday, Nene!
Tsukasa: Judging by what Emu told me, it sounds like you had a great birthday celebration with your friends.
Rui: We've been practicing non-stop lately, so I hope it gave you a breath of fresh air.
Emu: Yup yup♪ I also had sooo much fun♪ Let's head back into practice tomorrow with smiles all round☆
Tsukasa: Well then, we'll see you back at the Wonder Stage!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nene: Everyone... Thank you for all of the birthday wishes.
Nene: I really didn't think there would be this many people celebrating with me and wishing me a happy birthday...
Nene: It was a little embarrassing at times but... I'm super happy.
Nene: Thank you so much. I'm going to keep doing my best to make shows that puts smiles on people's faces.
(White cut)
