701_Nene Kusanagi_R4 Everything, Even Sorrow (event_104)

Gacha phrase: If you're gonna cry... Then cry with us!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: *Yawn* Oh...
Nene: I need to wake up since I actually managed to get up early.
Nene: Our next show is gonna be our last one as members of the park's cast.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: I'm gonna go with them!
Emu: I'm gonna go out there and learn as much as I can! And I'm gonna find a way to fill this park with even more smiles!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (The four of us are gonna learn as much as we can and become better actors.)
Nene: (And if we can make our dreams come true together...)
Nene: I need to do everything I can to achieve that!
Nene: Okay, then I'll start with the exercises Ms. Kazamatsuri showed me...
(Black cut)
Nene: Phew...
Nene: (This might be the most sets I can do. Doing any more is probably going to affect how I practice...)
Nene: (Ms. Kazamatsuri even said that I shouldn't do more until my body's had a chance to get used to it...)
Nene: (While I'm doing this, others out there are also probably doing their best to get better.)
Nene: (No, I have to think Tsukasa and Seiryuin are doing even more.)
Nene: (If I'm gonna have any hope of catching up to them, I don't have time to sit around.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (But I'll get scolded again if I push myself too hard. I just have to get used to things and keep at it.)
Nene: Oh...
Tsukasa: Huh? Nene, you're here early!
Emu: Morning, Nene!
Rui: Were you doing solo practice all on your own? That's rather unsociable of you.
Nene: What's wrong with being alone for solo practice?
Emu: I know! Were you having one of those super-secret training sessions?
Emu: “No... You mustn't look! I mean it. You must not look!”
Nene: Hehe. Am I supposed to be the crane from that story?
Tsukasa: The crane in the story wasn't that obnoxious about it...
Rui: Hehe. That could actually make for an interesting twist.
Nene: Yeah.
Rui: Still, Nene, your stamina's gone up quite a bit. I'm guessing your core feels a lot stronger now as well.
Rui: You often stood on one leg and even your tip-toes when you played the Cowardly Canary, but your performance felt very natural.
Nene: Oh...
Tsukasa: He's right. I doubt you would've been able to do that if your core wasn't strong enough.
Nene: (They noticed what I did then...?)
Nene: (That makes me really happy. I worried about what my legs were doing just as much as getting my arms to look like real wings.)
Rui: By the way, Nene... I have a suggestion for you since you've been working so hard. Would you like to hear it?
Nene: Huh...?
Nene: You've got that look on your face... I dunno what you're planning, but I...
Rui: The thing is, I made some upgrades to the weighted jacket I lent you that one time!
Nene: No, I'm telling you I'm good...
Rui: But wouldn't it be better to make use of any aids that can help you increase your stamina more efficiently?
Tsukasa: Ah, more efficiently you say...?
Emu: Do you wear it like a regular jacket? That sounds like fun!
Nene: W-Wait, no! You two are saying that because neither of you have tried it on...
Rui: Ah, Tsukasa, Emu, so you're both interested! In that case, I can bring it by tomorrow!
Tsukasa: Yes, please do!
Rui: Hehehe...
Nene: D-Don't come crying to me later, you guys...
Nene: Seriously...
Nene: (Still, it is nice knowing that we get to keep goofing off together like this...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi)

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: (It's the final day for the park's anniversary show.)
Nene: (Once it's over, we probably won't be doing any shows here for a while...)
Sakurako: Hm? Kusanagi, you're here early...
Nene: Oh, Seiryuin. Um... Good morning.
Sakurako: Yes, good morning.
Sakurako: It's nice today, isn't it? The perfect weather for our final showing.
Nene: Yeah...
Nene: Um, Seiryuin...? Thanks for agreeing to help us with our show.
Sakurako: It's my pleasure.
Sakurako: I mean, this is the least I can do to ensure that Phoenix Wonderland's anniversary show serves as a proper celebration.
Nene: R-Right...
Sakurako: I'm going to practice for a bit since we won't be starting for a little while...
Nene: Oh...
Nene: W-Wait...!
Nene: Um... I... I...
Nene: I...! I'm really glad that I got to meet an actress like you!
Sakurako: ...
Nene: I thought you were amazing when we first met during the show contest.
Nene: But it felt like I got whacked upside my head when I saw your phoenix...!
Nene: It honestly felt like we were on completely different levels...
Nene: Just like you said, I was trying to figure out my role all on my own that time, and I kept telling myself that I had to...
Nene: But in the end, I had to ask you and Ms. Kazamatsuri for help... Emu and the others also played a pretty big role...
Nene: You taught me that I still have a lot of work left to do, and I'm really grateful that you did.
Sakurako: Then, you're welcome.
Sakurako: Anything else...?
Nene: There are still a ton of things that I need to learn about and figure out how to do...
Nene: And it's going to take a lot of time and practice to get it all down.
Nene: But...!
Nene: As an actress, Seiryuin, I don't want to keep falling behind you! I want to learn how to steal the spotlight!
Nene: So, you better be ready for me!
Sakurako: Hehe. What a cute declaration.
Sakurako: However, wanting to simply steal the spotlight means you're still thinking of yourself as a supporting character. All you're doing is putting your vigor to waste.
Sakurako: Instead, you should be thinking more about stealing the lead from me.
Nene: ...!
Sakurako: Because you won't stand a chance against me unless you try at least that hard.
Sakurako: And don't even think about trying to turn tail and run.
Nene: I won't! Don't think you'll get to be the lead so easily the next time we do a show together!
Nene: And thanks for listening to what I had to say.
Nene: I'm really glad we got to talk. I'd been meaning to tell you my intentions.
Sakurako: Likewise. It was nice to hear that you're so motivated.
Sakurako: Now, allow me to say this as just Sakurako...
Nene: Huh...?
Sakurako: Go. As far as you can. As high as you can.
Sakurako: Because the sky is the limit for you and your troupe.
Nene: Okay...!
Nene: Thank you so much...! For everything you've done.
Nene: This is goodbye for now.
Nene: But let's do another show together someday.
Sakurako: Yes, I'll very much be looking forward to that day.
(Black cut)
