738_Nene Kusanagi_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Instrument Shop]

Nene: Thank goodness... They had the CD I wanted.
Nene: And thanks for coming with me, Emu.
Emu: No problem, Nene! I'm glad they had what you were looking for!
Nene: Me too. The lead in this musical has such a beautiful singing voice... Hm?
Nene: Isn't that Hinomori...?
Emu: Hey, you're right!!
Emu: Shiiho, surprise! Good wonderhoy☆
Shiho: Otori?! And...
Nene: Oh, um... Long time no see.
Shiho: It's been a while, Kusanagi... What brings you two here?
Emu: We came to get a CD Nene wanted!
Emu: But we just found it, so we were thinking about going somewhere to hang out☆
Shiho: I see.
Nene: Did you also come here to buy something, Hinomori...?
Shiho: No, nothing in particular. I had some free time, so I decided to check out a few instruments.
Nene: Oh, really...?
Nene: (I wonder if it's the norm for people in bands to come check out instruments after school... I think that's pretty cool...)
Shiho: Anyway, I was just about to head home since I've seen basically all of them.
Emu: Then, we should all go somewhere and hang out together!
Nene: What?!
Shiho: Wait, right now...?
Emu: Yeah! I tried to think of where we could go next while Nene looked at the CDs...
Emu: That's when I remembered that this cute cafe on the way home that sells animal-shaped donuts just opened!
Emu: I really want you two to see it because it's super adorable! So, let's go☆
Nene: Hey, wait...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Cafe]

Emu: Nene, did you hear?! Shiho and I are in the same class!!!
Nene: Yeah... You must've told me at least ten times by now...
Emu: Because I'm super happy about it! It's my chance to get to know her even better!
Shiho: Well, I can't say that makes me unhappy...
Nene: (Emu has a point. Hinomori always seems so calm...)
Nene: (And it was really fun when we got to sing together... I bet we'd get along if we were in the same class.)
Nene: (Although maybe I'm only thinking that since my class is full of extroverts...)
Shiho: By the way, Kusanagi, I heard that Shiraishi and a couple of her teammates also attend Kamiyama High.
Shiho: Did you end up in the same class as any of them?
Nene: Yes, both Shiraishi and Shinonome are in my class...
Shiho: Oh, really? Then, you probably talk to them a lot, right?
Nene: No, not really... Their personalities are just too different from mine.
Nene: It's like trying to mix oil with water... I doubt I'd be able to hold a long conversation or become friends with them...
Shiho: I think you're overthinking things...
Nene: Huh?
Shiho: You and Otori seem plenty different to me, but you're close enough to hang out all the time after school and stuff, right?
Shiho: So, I don't think personality has anything to do with it. Besides...
Shiho: You, Shiraishi, and Shinonome all share a passion for singing. If anything, you would have a harder time not becoming friends.
Nene: ...!
Emu: She's right, Nene! You should have no problems getting along with them!
Nene: I'm not so sure... Still, Hinomori, your words were really convincing...
Nene: (I could learn a lot about music from Shiraishi and Shinonome if I found a way to get to know them better...)
Nene: (I am still having a hard time picturing it, but...)
Nene: I hope we can become friends...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Teacher: Alright, everyone, please take your seats.
Nene: (Phew... I thought I'd be late since I lost track of time at home, but I somehow made it...)
Teacher: Now, just as I announced last time, today is the day you will select your committees for the year.
Nene: Oh...
Nene: (Right. We're supposed to make our committee choices today...)
Nene: (But there aren't any that I really feel like joining...)
Nene: (Either way, I'm guessing we'll have to draw straws or something if no one volunteers for some of them...)
Teacher: Now, do any of you wish to become the class representative?
Female Students: Yes, I do! I heard it looks great on your transcript!
Male Students: Wait, really?! Then, maybe I should too.
Nene: (That's such a terrible reason! And they're seriously saying it right in front of the teacher?!)
An: Why not volunteer, Akito? I bet your transcript needs it.
Akito: Look who's talking.
Teacher: Excellent. This is going smoother than expected. Next, how about the planning committees for the School Festival and the Sports Festival?
Female Students: Ooh! We wanna work on the School Festival!
Male Students: We've been wanting to be on the Sports Festival's committee since last year! Please pick us!!
Teacher: Oh... As your teacher, I am moved by your enthusiasm, but ten candidates is pushing it. Could you talk amongst yourselves and whittle it down to two per committee?
Female Students: Just two?! But we've been preparing for this since last year!
Male Students: Oh well... I guess we have no choice but to compete for those seats!
An: Haha. They all seem really motivated.
Nene: (So many people want to be on the planning committees...)
Nene: (Things are so different when your class is full of extroverts...)
(Black cut)
Teacher: Okay, onto our final committee...
Nene: (Finalizing the planning committees took up a lot of time, but everything else went pretty smoothly. Just one more...)
Nene: (Everyone is pretty eager, so I'm sure someone will volunteer. I'm probably safe.)
Teacher: Last but not least, the library committee! Who would like to join?
Students: ... ...
Nene: (What?!)
Akito: So no one's gonna raise their hand?
Male Students: I mean, I don't know much about books...
Female Students: Yeah, someone who likes reading and stuff should be on it, you know...?
Nene: (After causing such a fuss over the planning committees...)
Nene: (But if no one raises their hand...)
Teacher: Hmm... We'll have to draw straws for this one. As it so happens, there's quite a bit of history behind that. It has even been used to decide the Shogun and...
Nene: (Still, a lot of other people aren't on a committee yet. The chances of me being picked should be low...)
Nene: (I should be off the hook.)
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Nene: (I can't believe I was picked... I mean, what are the odds...?)
Nene: (Although, this could be a good opportunity to read some more books about singing and acting...)
Nene: (I'll try to have a positive attitude and make the most of it...)
(Black cut)
