795_Nene Kusanagi_R2 Nervous Departure (event_113)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Nene: *Sigh* (I didn't have much of an appetite during breakfast.)
Nene: (I guess I'm just that nervous about us working with a different troupe starting today...)
Nene: (From what I've heard, the one we're visiting, Shunmeiza, doesn't really do musicals.)
Nene: (Which means I can't sing my way out of this... Am I gonna be okay...?)
Nene: (Still...)
Nene: (They're famous for emphasizing acting technique, and a lot of them have gone on to appear on TV and stuff.)
Nene: (As nervous as I am... I'm really excited about getting to see how they all practice.)
???: Morning, Nene.
Nene: Oh... Rui. Morning. Wait, did you just run over here?
Rui: Yes, after seeing you walking down the street. I thought we could head over together and—
Nene: Wh-What?
Rui: Nothing. Just that you do look slightly pale. I was wondering if you got enough sleep last night.
Nene: Oh...
Nene: No, I can't say that I did. I'm actually feeling really nervous right now.
Nene: But you don't need to worry about me. It's not like I'm sick or anything.
Rui: Oh, okay. If you say so...
Rui: But I understand how you feel. Shunmeiza is, after all, one of Japan's most famous theatre troupes.
Nene: Yeah...
Nene: And we've somehow been invited to go learn from them...
Nene: How do we even begin thanking Emu's brothers for this?
Rui: I know what you mean. I plan on learning as much as I can since they're giving me a chance to talk to the directing and production teams.
Nene: Yeah, opportunities like this don't come around often...
Nene: I'm really nervous... But I also wanna make the most of it by figuring out ways to grow...!
Rui: Hehe...
Nene: Wh-What is it now?
Rui: I was just thinking that you've changed so much, Nene.
Rui: I wouldn't have put it past the old you to say, “No, I can't do this! I'm going home...!”
Nene: Hey...
Nene: I know I've changed, but I doubt I would've actually said, “I'm going home!” after coming this far.
Nene: While we're on the subject, Rui, as far as I can remember, this sort of situation hasn't ever bothered you.
Rui: Ah, that's because the excitement of encountering the unknown overpowers any nerves.
Rui: But if I had to say...
Nene: Go on...
Rui: I felt very nervous when Tsukasa tested out that jump-assistance backpack since there was a small risk of him exiting the atmosphere...!
Rui: I mean, what if my hand slipped and accidentally raised the setting too high?
Nene: *Sigh* I should've known. You started off looking all serious...
Nene: Also, you made another really dangerous contraption? What if it explodes or something...?
Rui: Ah, this one's different from the one that failed before. It's designed to give the user the ability to perform acrobatic stunts that are bound to stun the audience.
Nene: Yeah, I'd be stunned too if I saw someone exit the atmosphere...
Nene: Huh? Oh, Emu just messaged the chat. What'd she say...?
Nene: <Nene, Rui, where are you guys?> Wait, it's already time for us to meet!
Rui: Oh, you're right. And Tsukasa's sent a barrage of stamps asking where we are.
Rui: As much as I was enjoying our stroll, Nene, we should hurry over.
Nene: R-Right...!
Nene: (Huh...?)
Nene: (I was so nervous just now... But I feel a lot better now for some reason.)
Rui: Hehe. We hardly ever run together like this.
Rui: If only we had some high-speed running shoes we could put on, then we'd never be late...
Nene: No, stop thinking about making another crazy contraption right now...!
Nene: Argh! Emu and Tsukasa keep sending stamps...
Nene: (There's always so much going on when I'm with the others that I never have time to feel nervous. But...)
Nene: (That actually helps me a lot.)
Nene: (As we visit these troupes, we're probably gonna be faced with our fair share of challenges.)
Nene: (But we should do just fine as long as we all work together.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Shibuya Park]

Nene: Still no Tsukasa.
Emu: Yeah...
Nene: He asked us to gather because he wants our help with something...
Nene: That something probably being his character.
Rui: I have to agree. When we spoke the other day, he seemed very stuck... I really hope there's something we can do to help.
Emu: Is he gonna be okay...?
Tsukasa: Hm? Ah, you're all here! Apologies for the delay!
Tsukasa: And for asking you all to gather on such short notice. But I need your help with something.
Emu: O-Okay...!
Tsukasa: The thing is, I'm in the middle of coming up with a story where Nakayama is the protagonist...
Tsukasa: And I'd like for us to brainstorm about it together.
Nene: A story about Nakayama...?
(Black cut)
Nene: In other words, he plays a minor role in the show, but is the star of his own life.
Nene: And you want to make a story with him as the protagonist?
Tsukasa: Yes, that's exactly right!
Tsukasa: However, coming up with a story about him on my own has been a struggle.
Tsukasa: So, I beg of you! Please lend me a hand!
Tsukasa: He only has three lines in the show, but... I want to bring him to life.
Rui: If that's all, then I'd be more than happy to help.
Emu: Me too! Me too! Let's all think super duper hard about Nakayama!!
Nene: ...
Emu: Nene?
Nene: Oh, sorry... Don't worry, I was listening.
Nene: I'll also help. I've basically figured out my character already.
Tsukasa: All of you...
Tsukasa: I am in your debt!
Nene: (Supporting characters can be main characters if you flip your perspective...?)
Nene: (Interesting. I never thought about learning to play a character this way.)
Nene: (This method might help a lot in the future when I'm working on other roles... I should pay close attention to what Tsukasa does and absorb everything I can.)
(Black cut)
Emu: Oh, I wanna see a version of Nakayama where he's friends with everyone!
Tsukasa: I see... Then, what if he's always smiling when he's at the office?
Rui: Yes, that would change how he greets others quite a lot.
Tsukasa: “Morning!” “That novelist giving you trouble again?” “No choice, I suppose...!”
Nene: Um... He sounds a little too energetic...
(Black cut)
Rui: Nakayama would sound and behave very differently if he were born and raised overseas and a native English speaker.
Tsukasa: Hmm... Th-Then, how about this...?!
(Black cut)
Nene: What if Nakayama got sick a lot when he was little and developed a love of books because he wasn't allowed to go outside much?
Tsukasa: I see. And his love of books is the reason he decided to become an editor...
(Black cut)
Nene: We've come up with a lot of ideas for him. Are any of them sticking out...?
Tsukasa: Yes, we have quite a few now... But to be perfectly honest, none of them seem to fit the bill.
Tsukasa: Out of all of them, the one about him seeing Hino as his rival seems like the best option...
Tsukasa: But that'd still only be a fragment of who Nakayama the man is.
Rui: Then, why don't we switch to coming up with ideas based on that version of Nakayama?
Rui: The show doesn't open for some time, so there's no need to hurry. I think it'll be good to try a few different approaches.
Tsukasa: Yes, I agree.
Emu: Hmm... We came up with a ton of ideas, but I forgot how hard it is to come up with a story.
Emu: If only there were someone we could ask who's really good at this kind of stuff...
Nene: In that case, why don't we try asking Bakuno to hear what he thinks...?
Tsukasa: What?
Nene: When I watched him recite lines the other day...
Nene: For some reason, I thought I could see what his character's life was like up to that point...
Nene: So, this is just my guess... But he might be able to help you in a big way.
Nene: In the end, it's always best to ask someone who's good at whatever it is you're worried about...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (I was able to take a big step that time by doing just that.)
Nene: So, I think you should ask him. But I really can't tell you what he's gonna say...
Tsukasa: Yes, Bakuno...
Tsukasa: I agree. I'd become so focused on Nakayama that I'd completely forgotten about him.
Tsukasa: As it turns out, Bakuno likes to people-watch and come up with stories for those passing by...
Nene: Huh?
Tsukasa: Oh, uh! Ignore what I just said!
Tsukasa: Anyway, yes... You're right trust the experts! Thank you for the tip, Nene!
Tsukasa: I'll try contacting him right away!
Nene: Huh? N-Now...?!
Tsukasa: The early bird gets the worm, no? That means I need up jump on this opportunity!
Nene: Y-Yeah, but...
Nene: (Tsukasa always does this...)
Nene: (But...)
Nene: (I hope this helps Tsukasa figure out how to play his character even just a little bit.)
(Black cut)
