796_Nene Kusanagi_R4 Determined Director (event_114)

Gacha phrase: Action!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

[After school]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Soda: Alright, stunt team, let's go down to the schoolyard to practice!
Nene: (They sound pretty excited...)
Nene: (And I need to keep editing the screenplay when I get home.)
Tachibana: Kusanagi, are you free after this?
Nene: Huh? Oh... Y-Yeah, I'm free... Is there something you wanted to talk about?
Tachibana: So, I was hoping to decide what the costumes are gonna look like soon.
Tachibana: We on the costume team brought in a bunch of our clothes that might kinda fit the setting, so we were going to talk things over while going through them.
Tachibana: But I thought it might be better to ask you first since you know the most about our film's characters.
Nene: Oh, I see... Then, I'll be happy to help.
Tachibana: Really?! Thanks so much!
Nene: Still, it sounds like you're already putting a ton of thought into the costumes... I'm not even done with the script yet...
Tachibana: There's nothing wrong with having stuff ready early, right? Having costumes to wear should give the cast a nice boost of motivation, and we can always make fixes later.
Nene: (Tachibana really knows what she's doing... I wasn't expecting her to be so helpful.)
Tachibana: Anyway, can you come with me?
Nene: Oh... R-Right.
(Black cut)
An: Hey, Kusanagi! I didn't know you'd be coming!
Nene: Me neither. But they had some questions about the costumes...
An: Yeah, we heard that as well! They wanted to hear our opinions since we know a thing or two about fashion.
Akito: Fashion's one thing, but we're talking about costumes for our film here...
Tachibana: Hey, we're in the same boat. It's been mostly trial and error so far, so any help we can get would be really appreciated!
Tachibana: So, thank you all for coming. Let's get started, shall we?
Tachibana: Let's see... Starting with... How about the girl's costume? Any suggestions are welcome!
An: Okay! Wow, look at this frilly dress! It's super cute!
Tachibana: Oh, I brought that one because it sorta had this heroine feel to it. But frills don't really fit into our setting, right?
Nene: Hmm, yeah... It is cute, but I'm not sure it's going to fit into this film's world.
Nene: She and everyone else live in an arid wasteland, and her family isn't well-off, so something that makes her look more impoverished might be better.
Tachibana: Yeah, okay... Got it, we'll try something simpler then! Thanks!
Tachibana: By the way... Kusanagi, wanna try this dress on?
Nene: What? Wh-Why...?!
Tachibana: Because I think you'd look really good in it♪
Akito: Oh, geez... I thought we were here to talk about costumes.
An: Hmm... Yeah, but I also kinda want to see Kusanagi in this dress... I agree that you'd probably look amazing in it!
Nene: What?!
Tachibana: See what I mean? Alright, An, get her!
An: Roger!
Nene: Huh? Shiraishi...? N-No, don't come any closer...!
(Black cut)

[One hour later]

Nene: *Sigh* I'm exhausted...
Tachibana: Sorry we made you try on so many things, Kusanagi. But we have a much better idea of what to do now.
Nene: R-Really? Then, I guess that's good...?
Tachibana: Yup! Now, I need to go discuss things further with everyone on my team! Thanks a ton!
An: Sorry about that, Kusanagi...
Akito: Yeah, I mean... You had it pretty rough...
Nene: *Nod*
An: Haha... Oh, but that one-piece dress with an Asian feel looked so good on you!
Nene: An Asian feel...? You mean the white one with the flowers embroidered in?
An: Yeah, that one! Tachibana and I were talking about how good you look in those kinds of dresses.
An: You're usually all cool and collected, so outfits with a loose feel to them probably suit you really well!
Nene: Y-You think so...?
An: Yeah! We couldn't stop talking about what kinds of outfits we wanted to dress you up in!
Nene: Huh...?
Nene: (I-I'm not sure how to feel about that...)
Akito: Anyway, at least they know what to do about the costumes now...
Nene: Yeah, true... And I think I have a better idea of what the characters are gonna look like now that we know more about their costumes.
Nene: As exhausting as that discussion was, I think it was necessary in order to make our film as good as it can be...
An: You think so? In that case, Tachibana said that she wants to talk more again about some different costumes.
Nene: Huh...?
Akito: Good luck, Director...
Nene: (Yeah, I know that I have to work hard in order to make our film a good one...)
Nene: (I know that, but...!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

[After school]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Nene: So, umm... Great work during today's art festival, everyone.
Nene: Okay, to be fair, all we had to do was screen our film, so we didn't do much compared to the other classes...
Female Students: Don't sweat the details, Director!
Nene: R-Right... Then...
Nene: Everyone have a drink ready? Alright, cheers...!
Everyone: Cheers. Cheers!!!
Nene: Phew...
Nene: (I was really startled when everyone said they wanted to throw a wrap party, but I'm so relieved the teacher gave us the green light.)
Nene: (Also...)
Female Students: I was so nervous when they started screening our film. How about you?
Female Students: Me too! The last time I felt that nervous was during exams!
Nene: (Everyone sounds like they're having fun. This actually feels a lot like a school festival...)
An: Kusanagi!
Nene: Huh? Oh, Shiraishi... Amisawa, Tachibana too? Is something the matter?
An: We were just talking and decided that we really need to thank you for what you did.
Nene: Thank me? But I didn't do anything worth...
Amisawa: That's not true! Our film turned out as well as it did because you helped us stick through to the end as our director!
An: I mean, shooting the last scene using drones was genius! Everyone watching got totally blown away...!
Tachibana: Yeah, that felt really good!
Nene: Hehe. It did. I even said, “Yes!” to myself.
Nene: But really, our film came together because of you guys. I mean, Amisawa, you did so much for us on-site.
Nene: And the costumes turned out great in the end because you came up with so many ideas for them, Tachibana.
Nene: And you, Shiraishi. Not only did you put on an incredible performance, you helped me get our class to have orderly discussions... I can't thank you enough for that.
Amisawa: Kusanagi...
An: So much for our plan. We came to thank her, but she ended up turning the tables on us.
Amisawa: Oh, Kusanagi! We should go grab some snacks before they're gone!
Nene: Huh? O-Okay, let's go...!
(Black cut)
Nene: (It's so nice of them to want to come talk to me like this...)
Nene: (But I'm a little tired... I might go relax over in a corner somewhere.)
Nene: Huh?
Akito: Hey. You taking a break...?
Nene: U-Uh, yeah...
Nene: ...
Nene: (I haven't really talked to Shinonome alone like this much...)
Nene: (What do I do...? I feel a little more comfortable around him now, but what are we supposed to talk about...?)
Nene: (W-Wait, I know...!)
Nene: So, umm...
Nene: Thank you for agreeing to be the lead... I really appreciate it since I know it must've felt really sudden.
Akito: Hm...? Oh, sure. I mean, no one else seemed all that up for it.
Nene: I know... But you really pulled through during the final showdown...
Nene: I think we were all able to keep going until the end because you didn't want to give up.
Nene: So, thank you.
Akito: You're welcome... But you're still the one who got everyone across the finish line in the end.
Nene: Huh...?
Akito: Remember what you said about not wanting us to feel any regret? I have a feeling that the others would've been completely dispirited if it wasn't for that.
Akito: I mean, it gave me the motivation I needed...
Akito: So, um... I think you did a good job.
Nene: Th-Thanks...
Nene: (I wasn't expecting him to say something like that...)
Nene: (I mean, there was no way I could've done this alone. Still...)
Nene: (If everyone thinks I was a good director... That makes me happy.)
An: Hey, Akito! Kusanagi!
Nene: Yeah?
An: We're taking a group photo, but it won't mean much if our director and hero aren't in it! So, you two, get over here!
Akito: Oh, alright... Be right there.
Amisawa: You're the director! Don't stand off to the side like that! You get to take center stage with the trophy!
Nene: Huh? O-Okay...
Nene: (I-Is it really okay for me to be in the middle...? I'm getting really anxious...)
Amisawa: Okay! Ready, everyone?!
An: Smile for the camera, Kusanagi! Also, throw up a peace sign!
Nene: H-Huh? Like this...?
An: Yeah, that's it!
An: You do something too, Akito! Pose like the Wandering Cook for us!
Akito: Not a chance.
(Black cut)
