855_Nene Kusanagi_R4 I'm Used To Setup Now (event_119)

Gacha phrase: Was this all the gifts that were brought in?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Rental Room in Tokyo]

Ohara: Let's do an angle test in five. Sound good?
Film Crew: Yes, once the lights are all set! Let's also have the cast take their places!
Film Crew: Got it!
Nene: (Everyone's hard at work like always...)
Nene: (It's been about two weeks since they let us join the crew...)
Nene: (It's obvious that they're all doing their best to make this film as good as possible.)
Nene: (Which explains the tension in the air.)
Nene: (All the while...)
Nene: (Rui's been getting in some hands-on learning with them...)
Emu: Hehe. Rui has such a serious look on his face!
Nene: Yeah, I still can't believe he's working as the director's assistant now.
Emu: Well, he is our director☆
Nene: True.
Nene: And he sounded really happy when he came over to tell us about how he was gonna get to learn firsthand about directing.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Rui: ...and starting tomorrow, I'll be working alongside Mr. Ohara as his assistant.
Rui: Chances to learn about directing a film like this don't come around often...
Rui: Which is why I plan on absorbing as much as I can from him.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: (He did say he's been wanting to learn more about directing films, so I'm glad for him. But...)
Nene: (I can't let him leave me behind. This really is an amazing opportunity, so I should also learn as much as I can about being a crew member.)
Crew Member: Kusanagi, Otori, do you both have a minute? I need you two to help lay the lunches out on that table over there.
Nene: Oh, okay! Be right there!
(Black cut)
Nene: There we go...
Nene: I think that's all the lunches.
Emu: Yup! But that was a lot of boxes.
Nene: I'm still blown away every time by how many lunches we need to feed all the people working on this crew.
Nene: With these and all the drinks we have to carry around... I'm starting to feel a lot stronger.
Emu: Whoa! Nene, you're so buff now☆
Nene: Buff...? I'm not sure how to feel about that...
Nene: Still, getting to work behind the scenes like this...
Nene: It's giving us a chance to see just how much work there is to go around even for just one film.
Emu: Yeah! That includes the lunches. I didn't realize they do their best to not serve the same thing every day!
Emu: And how there's a trick to stacking up the lunches so it's easy for everyone to take what they want!
Nene: Yeah. They seem like really minor things, but each one helps in a small way to make the film better.
Emu: Helps in a small way...
Emu: I guess that also applies to shows.
Nene: Huh?
Emu: I remember my brothers saying, “It's our job to facilitate an environment that allows the cast to focus on their shows.”
Emu: And I feel like they must have been working really hard to support us, just like the crew of this film!
Nene: Yeah, I see your point...
Nene: I was so caught up in my own problems until now that I never really had a chance to think about everyone who helps us behind the scenes.
Nene: But...
Nene: Getting to work as part of this crew has started to give me a greater appreciation for just how much help we've received.
Emu: Me too! I'm gonna thank my brothers the next chance I get!
Nene: Yeah, let's try not to forget what they've done for us.
Nene: (I'll probably meet a lot more people moving forward as I do more shows.)
Nene: (So...)
Nene: (In order to make the most of their support...)
Nene: (I need to keep growing as an actress.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Nene: *Yawn*
Nene: (I'm glad we're finally done shooting that film...)
Nene: (But I'm still feeling pretty fatigued after working so late each day during that time...)
Nene: *Sigh* (I hope I don't fall asleep during class.)
An: Morning, Kusanagi!
Akito: Morning.
Nene: Oh, Shiraishi, Shinonome... Morning.
An: Hm...? Is it just me or do you sound kinda tired?
Nene: Huh?
Akito: Yeah, you look a little paler than usual...
An: He's right. Did something happen?
Nene: Oh... Is it that obvious...?
Nene: I feel a lot better now since it's over, but I was a little busy until just recently. I guess I'm still feeling a bit fatigued.
Akito: Oh, are you talking about that film shoot?
An: Huh?! What film shoot?! Like a real movie?! Not the one we made as a class?!
Nene: Y-Yeah... How did you know, Shinonome?
Akito: Oh, I saw a certain someone spending a lot of time doing weird stuff in the courtyard. I'm guessing he was figuring out how to play his character.
Nene: Tsukasa...
An: Wait, does that mean you were in it? What did you play?!
Nene: Oh, we were just extras, so our characters didn't really have names. The shoot for our scene was over really quickly...
Nene: But we got to join the crew after that, which ended up being a lot of hard work...
An: What?! You guys got to be a part of both the cast and crew?! That's so cool!
Akito: You've moved onto the real thing... Filmmaking has sorta become a part of your life lately, huh?
Classmates: Oh, you guys sound like you're having fun! What are you talking about?
An: Kusanagi was just telling us about how she got to be in a real film and work as part of the crew!
Classmates: What?! A real one?!
Classmates: You were a part of the crew?!
Nene: So, um... I was only in it for a little bit, and I did get to help the crew out, but just with a bunch of minor things...
Classmates: That's still really cool!
Classmates: Yeah! Tell us more! What was it like working on a real film?!
An: Was it pretty different from what we did?
Akito: Of course it was. We're talking about real professionals here.
Nene: Haha... Yeah, there were a lot of differences between what we did and how they handled things. The sheer size of the crew for one...
Nene: But despite those differences, I found them both good experiences in different ways.
An: In different ways?
Nene: So, for example... For the one I just worked on, everyone worked together really hard to make the director's ideas for it a reality.
Nene: From the camera crew to the lighting techs, this group of professionals moved as a cohesive unit to make each scene just the way the director wanted.
Akito: Interesting... So, what specifically did that involve?
Nene: Well... For this one scene where a character takes a few seconds to eat something, everyone had to spend hours getting all the food and props ready...
An: Hours?!
Classmates: For just that scene?!
Nene: Yeah, I remember thinking that that must be why the end product usually turns out so well.
Nene: But when we made our film, it wasn't top-down like that.
Nene: We brainstormed and discussed our ideas as a group, and it really felt like we made our film from complete scratch. I thought that was really fun...
Nene: Oh...
Nene: U-Uhh, sorry... I wasn't trying to sound preachy or anythi—
An: No, Kusanagi, that's a really nice thing to say!
Nene: It is?
Classmates: Yeah! What you just said really hit home for me! I'm so glad you feel that way about what we did!
Classmates: If you feel that fondly about our film, then it means it was worth putting in all the effort we did!
Nene: N-No, I was just...
An: But now I'm even more interested in this film you got to work on, Kusanagi!
Akito: Me too. I still can't believe it took hours to shoot a scene that only lasted a few seconds.
Classmates: And you got to be in it, right? I'm probably gonna cry like a baby when I see you!
An: Me too! I mean, how often do you get to see a friend in a real-life film?
An: Let us know when it releases! I promise to go see it then!
Nene: Oh...
Nene: Okay, I'll let you all know when I hear about the release date...
(Black cut)
