886_Nene Kusanagi_R4 Who We Want To Be (event_124)

Gacha phrase: Eep! The water's cold.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama Street]

Emu: Great practice today, you guys☆
Nene: Nice work. I think we learned a lot today.
Tsukasa: Yes! But as educational as each practice with Shunmeiza is, they do take their toll...
Rui: Especially since the play for newcomers ended. I feel like their practices have become much more demanding...
Nene: Yeah. We were working with mostly the younger members before... But now, we're getting to practice with the veterans from time to time.
Tsukasa: Those improv skits we did today also felt a little different. The outer space theme they chose was very interesting.
Nene: Oh...
Nene: (Those improv skits...)
Emu: Is something the matter, Nene?
Nene: Oh, um...
Nene: I was just thinking that the improv skits we did today were pretty hard.
Rui: The prompt was difficult, but also intriguing.
Rui: A story about six people stranded in space due to their ship running out of fuel and needing to work together in order to get back to Earth...
Tsukasa: But how that story unfolded depended on each group's interpretation!
Emu: And yours actually made it back to Earth, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Yes. We managed to figure out a way to shoot our high-energy cannon in the opposite direction of where we were drifting, which put us on a trajectory back towards Earth!
Tsukasa: To be honest, I wasn't fully able to follow the others when they were explaining the physics behind our plan...
Rui: My group ended up fighting over what precious little oxygen we had left. Ultimately, we all perished out in space.
Emu: Yeah, us too! Our cryogenic sleep pods ended up breaking, and we were all mummified by the time we got back.
Nene: My group also faced the same fate...
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! Which makes me the sole survivor!
Nene: It doesn't matter whether or not you survived since we were there to practice acting...
Nene: Still, I probably shouldn't talk considering how awful my acting was...
Tsukasa: Hm? You thought you did that poorly?
Nene: I mean, I got an earful at the end about how the audience wouldn't understand what I was feeling because I was so unexpressive.
Rui: Oh, was that in reference to that one scene...? When you all panicked after realizing that your ship was malfunctioning?
Nene: Yeah. I should have been the most emotional since I was the youngest member of the crew...
Nene: But I had trouble sounding hysterical, which ended up affecting the performance of the other members of my group...
Nene: So, I feel really bad about holding us back.
Tsukasa: I see... I had no idea.
Tsukasa: But I understand how you feel. The things I need to work on keep increasing with each performance we do.
Nene: Exactly...
Nene: (I knew this was bound to happen after hearing that we'd be working with Shunmeiza...)
Nene: (They're so good, and I'm not... My acting skills just pale in comparison.)
Nene: (Still...)
Nene: We're not about to give up, are we?
Tsukasa: No, we aren't.
Tsukasa: In order to keep growing as actors, we need to keep pushing each other and making the most of these practices!
Nene: Right!
Rui: Hehe. And we're not about to let them have all the fun, are we?
Emu: Nope! I'm also gonna keep learning lots and lots!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! We're back in high spirits now! So, let's head over to SEKAI and do some more improv practice!
Nene: Wait, now...?
Nene: No, you're right. Let's go.
Nene: (I honestly couldn't feel more blessed.)
Nene: (Not only do I get to see professional actors work up close, I'm acting right there with them.)
Nene: (Which is why I need to make the most of this time. I have to learn as much as I possibly can from them. And then...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (And then someday, I'll become a world-class musical actress. Just like Ms. Kazamatsuri...)
Nene: (I've gotta keep growing!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

[Harbor]

Nene: Is Robo-Nene gonna be okay?
Rui: Yes. Thankfully, the dampener successfully broke her fall before impact, and all her servos seem to be functioning properly...
Rui: No major problems as far as I can tell.
Miku (WxS): Thank goodness☆
Rui: Okay, your batteries are charged... It should be okay for you to exit power-saving mode now. 
Robo-Nene: Roger. Exiting power-saving mode.
Robo-Nene: I apologize for causing you all so much concern.
Len (WxS): Oh, Robo-Nene, you're all better!
MEIKO (WxS): You deserve a pat on the back for the amazingly cool show you put on for us!
Rin (WxS): Yeah, that was awesome☆ You, Tsukasa and Rion went so high!
Tsukasa: Agreed. We wouldn't have been able to get that map back without you! Thank you very much!
Nene: Yeah, Robo-Nene, you totally stole the spotlight.
Robo-Nene: No, I am glad that I was able to be of service.
Robo-Nene: Also... This was a group effort. We were able to retrieve that map because we all worked together.
Emu: All of us?
Robo-Nene: Yes. We were able to succeed in the end because you all did what you could to make the plushies we met along the way smile.
Nene: Robo-Nene...
Robo-Nene: Including you, Nene.
Nene: Huh...? Me?
Robo-Nene: Yes. We would not have been able to cross that river if it were not for you.
KAITO (WxS): Oh, when we rode on that turtle's back?
Robo-Nene: Yes. The truth is, when we first met that turtle, he was afraid of going into the water.
Rin (WxS): Wait, he was?
Robo-Nene: Yes. And Nene gave him the encouragement he needed to go back in the water.
Nene: No, I just...
Luka (WxS): I also think what you did was significant, Nene.
Luka (WxS): And I was very moved when you told our turtle friend about what you'd gone through.
Luka (WxS): You wanted him to hear the truth, and he listened. He understood what you were trying to say...
Luka (WxS): Which allowed him to also be brave.
Nene: Not you too, Luka...
Tsukasa: Is that so...? I didn't realize that was how you got him to take us across on his back...
Tsukasa: Thank you, Nene! I greatly appreciate your efforts!
Emu: Yeah, because we wouldn't have been able to meet Rion and that phoenix if you hadn't done that!
Nene: U-Uhh... It was nothing, really...
Nene: It's just... I saw my old self in him, so I couldn't just leave him be.
Rui: Your old self?
Nene: Yeah, because I was also once too afraid to try to move forward.
Emu: Nene...
Nene: But I realized something while doing shows with you guys.
Nene: It's okay to be scared, but you gotta keep reminding yourself of the bigger picture.
Nene: Be brave, keep moving forward one step at a time, and your dream will eventually come true.
Nene: Which...was what I wanted to tell him.
Miku (WxS): I see...
Nene: It's also why I need to thank the both of you and Robo-Nene, Luka.
Nene: You two gave me the push I needed to tell that turtle about what I'd gone through.
Nene: So, thank you both.
Robo-Nene & Luka: You are welcome. You're welcome.
Rui: Hehe. I'm glad that our turtle friend heard you loud and clear.
Rui: Also, Robo-Nene, everything seems to be operating normally since you exited power-saving mode.
Robo-Nene: Yes. All systems normal.
Nene: Thanks for doing maintenance on her, Rui.
Rui: Of course. I'm also glad to see that Robo-Nene is okay.
Rui: That being said, this could be a good opportunity to start working on a way to get Robo-Nene to actually fly since we still don't have a means of doing so.
Tsukasa: Sh-She's going to be able to fly?!
Len (WxS): What?! She's really gonna fly?
Rui: Hehe. It's still just a possibility. Needless to say, achieving flight won't be easy.
Rui: But with the appearance of a new area in SEKAI, it could be the perfect time to give Robo-Nene a whole range of new functions and gadgets...
Nene: Alright, no doing anything weird to her...
KAITO (WxS): Haha... In any case, I'm glad Robo-Nene's okay.
Tsukasa: Me too... Now, let's head back to the ship!
Emu: Okay☆
Robo-Nene: Shall we, Nene?
Nene: *Nod*
Nene: (I'm really glad I was able to help that turtle.)
Nene: (We were able to cross the river as a result, which led to us getting the map back...)
Nene: (Also...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Nene: I understand that you're scared.
Nene: But I'm sure you'll get closer to achieving your dream if you find the courage to take the next step forward.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: (It ended up being a good reminder of how I really feel.)
Nene: (The fear that lingers inside me probably won't ever completely go away...)
Nene: (But that's not gonna stop me from moving forward...)
Nene: (Forward... Towards my hero, and my dream!)
(Black cut)
