931_Nene Kusanagi_R2 Understanding Tokiwa Gozen (event_131)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Nene Kusanagi)

[Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Nene: Where'd I put my lunch...? O-Oww...
Nene: *Sigh* (I'm sore all over because of Mr. Kijima's workouts...)
Nene: (My stamina still has a lot left to be desired compared to how much Emu and Tsukasa have...)
Nene: (Isn't there a quick and efficient way for me to increase it...?)
An: *Sigh* I'm starved. Are you having lunch with Toya again, Akito?
Akito: No, he's got library committee stuff today. I was just gonna have lunch in our classroom.
Nene: (Wait, those two...! They might know a good way...)
Nene: Sorry, Shiraishi, Shinonome... There's something I wanna ask you guys.
(Black cut)
An: Hey, this troupe you're talking about sounds awesome! Mikazukigumi, right? And you guys get to train with them...?
Akito: But you want to increase your stamina to make the most of what you do with them.
Nene: Yeah, that's the thing.
Nene: I run and do a little strength training... But I was wondering if you guys could tell me about any other exercises or anything that you think could be good.
Nene: So, Shiraishi, how do you train normally?
An: Hmm... I run, but only on days when I feel like it... I also do some strength training... And I sing. That's about it.
Nene: Sing...? Yeah, that makes sense considering what your team does.
An: That's the thing. We're not really in the same field, so I'm not sure how much what we say is going to help.
An: But the last time I practiced on my own... Given that it was a holiday, I would've spent about half of it singing.
Nene: That much...?!
An: Yeah. My logic is that if you wanna become a singer with a lot of stamina, you gotta sing!
An: Again, I run and do some strength training, but I don't really follow a strict regimen... I decide that day what I feel like doing!
Nene: Okay, thanks... That style really suits you, Shiraishi.
Akito: To be fair, singing can be pretty physically intensive.
Nene: Right, since it can be an aerobic exercise that involves diaphragmatic breathing... I might try singing for half a day like you just said...
Nene: Also, Shinonome, I'd like to ask you the same question.
Akito: Well, I mostly do what An does. I run, do strength workouts and sing...
Akito: But I have been making sure to run every morning and stretch before I go to bed each night to make them a part of my daily routine.
Nene: Your daily routine, huh? I didn't realize you were so diligent about this...
An: I know, right? Akito's such a stickler for fine details sometimes.
Akito: Yeah, unlike this other whimsical person I know.
An: Whimsical?! What do you mean?!
Classmates: We couldn't help but overhear you guys!
Nene, An & Akito: What? Huh?
Classmates: You want a quick and efficient way to increase your stamina, right? We can help you with that!
An: Wait, were you guys eavesdropping?
Classmates: Haha. Sorry! We sorta overheard partway through...
Classmates: Anyway, in our club, we jump rope a lot! It's a great way to strengthen your core!
Nene: Oh, is it that good a core workout...?
Classmates: It is! We usually spend around twenty minutes doing that.
Nene: I had no idea... That means I can work out anywhere as long as I carry one around with me.
Classmates: Oh, me next! I saw on TV the other day that jump squats are supposed to be really good!
Nene: Wait, jumping and squatting...? That sounds really hard, but I'll try looking it up later...
Classmates: Also, it's super important to know when to take your protein!
Nene: Protein? I dunno... I've heard that some don't really taste all that great...
Akito: Actually, they have a lot of good ones now.
An: Oh, like the one I had the other day. That cheesy gratin flavor protein bar!
Nene: Cheesy gratin...? That's a real product?
An: I know, right? I decided to have it after an event since I got a little hungry, but it ended up being really good.
Classmates: Really?! I was also wondering what it actually tasted like. I might go give it a try now.
Nene: Yeah, me too...
An: Great! I hope things go well with increasing your stamina and training with Mikazukigumi!
Akito: Based on what you just told us, it sounds like they do some pretty hard workouts. But you still gotta try your best...
Nene: Thanks, I will...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Mikazukigumi Practice Area]

Emu: Okay, Nene! We got it all on video!
Nene: Thanks. Then, I'm gonna check to see how my acting went.
Emu: Roger♪ Lemme watch with you!
Nene: (I still can't do what everyone from Mikazukigumi can, but I feel like my sword fighting skills have improved a little.)
Nene: (Which just leaves whether or not my portrayal of Tokiwa Gozen is doing her justice... I need to dissect every frame of this video.)
(Black cut)
Video Nene's Voice (Nene): <I'm left with no choice...!>
Video Nene's Voice (Nene): <I was born into a family of warriors. If I must wield a blade to defend these children, then I shall...!>
Video Nene's Voice (Nene): <Hiyah!>
Nene: *Sigh* (This video says it all...)
Nene: I'm still not fully committing myself to this scene...
Nene: This is where she's supposed to show everyone that she's going to protect her children no matter what, but I'm struggling to capture that...
Nene: Which explains why I look a little too unsure when she hesitates to pull out her katana.
Nene: I guess I still don't entirely understand how she feels. I mean, I think kids are cute, but I don't have much experience interacting with them...
Emu: Right... But what can you do about that? Hmm...
Emu: Oh! This might be a good idea!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Odaiba Animal Land]

Emu: Wow! I'm smelling the scents of so many different animals!
Nene: Hehe. Yeah, zoos do have a unique smell to them.
Nene: Also, this area... The baby foxes are around here, right?
Nene: (But is seeing a family of foxes really going to help me get a better understanding of Tokiwa Gozen's feelings...?)
Nene: (No, it's still worth a try...)
Emu: Where do you think the foxes are? Sniff... Sniff... Oh, that way?!
Nene: You're totally guessing... Huh?! Emu?!
Nene: Hey, wait for me!
(Black cut)

[Petting Area]

Nene: Th-They're really here...
Emu: Wow...! Look how the mom and her baby are rubbing their cheeks up against each other! That's so cute!
Emu: But their eyes are only half open! Does that mean they're sleepy?
Nene: Yeah... It might be time for their afternoon nap.
Nene: Oh, the baby's rolling around right next to its mom. Hehe. That's really cute.
Nene: (But I don't think just seeing this will tell me how Tokiwa Gozen feels about her children...)
Nene: Wait, this sign says, “Try holding a baby fox.” They really let people do that...?
Emu: Whoa, you're right!
Emu: Hey, I know...! Why don't you try holding one, Nene?!
Nene: What?
Emu: Think about it! Holding one might help you understand what it means to love your children!
Nene: Y-Yeah... I kinda get that, but...
Emu: Okay, lemme go ask one of the staff! Excuse me, Ms. Staff Lady!
(Black cut)
Baby Fox: ...
Nene: I-It's so cute...!
Emu: It's adorable!!!
Nene: (This is incredible...! It's so tiny and fluffy... Like a plushie...!)
Nene: (B-But it really is tiny... I still can't believe we get to hold it... I need to be careful not to drop it...)
Nene: (Maybe this is what it's like to see your baby right after giving birth...)
Staff Member: Alright, I'll hand it over to you now.
Emu: Yay! Thank you!
Emu: No, wait! We came here today to help you, Nene!
Emu: So, you get first dibs!
Nene: Oh... O-Okay!
Staff Member: Please try to cradle it in a way such that you avoid placing any stress on its hips. Gently provide as much support as you can for its upper body and bottom.
Nene: O-Okay! Umm... Like this?
Staff Member: Yes, that's perfect.
Nene: Thank you...
Baby Fox: ...♪
Nene: (Its fur's so fluffy... Also, I didn't realize how frail its legs were...)
Nene: (But it's so warm...)
Nene: (I think it's cozying up to me, which only makes me want to protect it even more.)
Baby Fox: ...
Nene: (Oh, it's blinking at me. Hehe. That's really cute... No, wait...)
Nene: It fell asleep...
Staff Member: Hehe. I think it feels safe in your arms. It must really like the way you're holding it.
Emu: Besides, it was rolling around right next to its mom just a second ago! Is it all tuckered out?
Staff Member: That's certainly a possibility.
Nene: (Oh, when did the mom wake up...? She's staring right at me...)
Nene: (She must be worried...)
Nene: (Tokiwa Gozen must feel the same way. They both know what this irreplaceable warmth feels like. This desire to protect it at all costs...)
Emu: Hehe... You look so motherly right now, Nene!
Nene: Huh? Oh...
Nene: Yeah... I think I have a little better understanding of what Tokiwa Gozen's supposed to be feeling.
Emu: Really?! Hooray! That means Operation Baby Bonding was a huge success!
Nene: (I wouldn't have gotten a chance to do this if it weren't for Emu.)
Nene: (So, I've got to make the most of this experience, and become the best Tokiwa Gozen I can!)
(Black cut)
