934_Nene Kusanagi_R4 Into A Magical Dress (event_132)

Gacha phrase: I-I'm in a dress now...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Nene's Room]

Nene: Oh, here it is. The collector's edition of Agent Ignition 2...!
Nene: Oof... That's a hefty price tag...
Nene: But I want the artbook, reference guide and soundtrack... And this edition has the best weapon skins, too...
Nene: It's okay to buy something like this every once in a while. I mean, I have been working pretty hard lately...
Nene: My reservation's in...!
Nene: I'll have to cut back on spending for a couple months, but it's all for a good cause...
Nene: Hm? An update on recommended items?
Nene: Oh, right. I set things up so that I'd receive a notification when that best-of for the Fernbay troupe went on sale again after seeing that rumor on social media.
Nene: But it's been three months since that rumor started going around. At this point, I doubt they'll rerun it at all...
Nene: Plus, I have to hold off on making any more purchases until next month. I'll take a quick look and turn off that notification...
Nene: I've already taken a look at these new games and sequels. I'll come back to them after I've had a chance to read some of the reviews...
Nene: Games, games, movie Blu-ray, more games, Fernbay...
Nene: Huh...? W-Wait a second...!
Nene: “The Best of Fernbay”...?!
Nene: Wh...
Nene: Why is it coming back now?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Nonogi Park]

Nene: ...is what happened yesterday. *Sigh*
Tsukasa: Didn't you say a little while back that you'd absolutely buy this troupe's Blu-ray set if it ever went back on sale?
Emu: Uhh... What were they called? Burn bay...?
Rui: It's Fernbay. They only do small shows since they're not a big troupe, but their original scripts are always phenomenal.
Nene: My favorite ones are a part of this collection, but the last time it was on sale I was still in junior high. Then, before I knew it, they completely sold out...
Nene: So, why is it coming back now?! I have to cut back for the next two months already after buying Agent Ignition 2.
Tsukasa: Which means you haven't been able to buy that set...
Nene: Yeah...
Rui: Have you already asked your mom about this?
Nene: She said she'd be willing to buy it for me, since it'd help me learn more about doing shows...
Nene: But I feel bad about having to ask her just because I'm also buying a game...
Nene: So, Tsukasa, you've been working as an extra from time to time. Is it possible to go for just one day?
Tsukasa: Yes, you can apply for those whenever they're available.
Tsukasa: However, there's sometimes an interview involved, since they need their cast members to fulfill certain requirements.
Nene: In other words, it's not guaranteed I'd be able to work immediately after applying...
Nene: We're still in the middle of training with another troupe, so I was hoping to grab a quick job on one of our days off or something...
Rui: In that case, you may want to expand your search to include other short-term jobs that don't necessarily involve being an extra.
Nene: Oh... Yeah, I guess so...
Emu: Would you really prefer to work on a show, Nene?
Nene: Yeah, I mean... That's what I'm used to doing, and I'm more or less confident in my abilities...
Emu: Okay, then lemme try asking!
Nene: Huh?
Emu: Hi, Shosuke? Sorry, I know you're still at work. Do you have a second to talk?
Emu: Remember how you said you were looking for people to work as event staff? Right... Uh-huh... Yeah, I think I've got someone for you♪
Emu: Okay, I'll ask her now!
Emu: Thanks for waiting☆ They're still looking for people to work on their show!
Nene: Wait, but I clearly heard you say, “Event staff,” just now.
Emu: Yeah, so the Phoenix Bridal Fair is happening again really soon!
Tsukasa: Hm? Why does that sound so familiar...?
Rui: Oh, Mizuki and a few others went to it a little while back.
Nene: Come to think of it, I do remember hearing something about a show.
Emu: You heard correctly♪ My brothers told me that they were still looking for cast members. So, Nene, how does that sound?
Nene: Pretty good... So, Emu, can you tell me a little more?
Emu: Sure☆
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Nene Kusanagi)

[Wedding Hall]

Nene: Let's see... Oh! Hello, Ms. Nozaki!
Nozaki: Hello. This is our first time meeting since the Phoenix Bridal Fair, yes? I really need to thank you again for doing what you did!
Nozaki: I asked you to meet with me today so that I can give you the photos of you in your dress and this mini album of photos from the show.
Nene: Huh? A mini album?
Nene: (I'd only heard that I'd be getting some pictures of me in my dress, but...)
Nozaki: I had our photographer take some snapshots of the show for us. And there were so many wonderful photos that I couldn't just let them sit in the archives.
Nozaki: So, as a little gift, I've decided to give copies of them to the entire cast.
Nene: I see.
Nene: Oh, wow... This is really cute. It looks like a children's fantasy storybook.
Nozaki: Hehe. It's a story involving angels, so I did my best to come up with a suitable design.
Nene: (I'm a little embarrassed, but I think I'll take a look...)
Nene: (Wow, these were definitely taken by a pro... I mean, they did such a good job of capturing our expressions and each scene as a whole.)
Nene: Thank you very much. I honestly can't believe how well these turned out.
Nozaki: Hehe. I'm glad you like them so much.
Nozaki: That reminds me. Will you be seeing Ms. Hanasato again anytime soon?
Nene: Oh... I have her contact information if that helps...
Nozaki: I actually have a mini album for her as well. Would you mind handing that and her dress photos to her the next time you get a chance?
Nene: Me? Are you sure?
Nozaki: Yes. I'm sure it would mean much more to her to get them from her friend.
Nene: (Her friend...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Minori: Anyway, why don't we both go get changed and head home?
Nene: Wait, umm... Together? I probably have to go help clean up and stuff...
Minori: That's okay! I can wait!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: Okay, Ms. Nozaki. I'll take those over to Hanasato for you.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Cafe]

Nene: (It's almost time... I'm starting to get nervous.)
Nene: (I actually brought that mini album and all the photos with me, right...?)
Nene: (Wait, how many times have I done this now? I've checked my bag like five times just since I got here...)
Nene: (Seriously, why am I this anxious? All I'm doing is handing this over to her.)
Nene: (Hanasato and I are f-friends... There's no reason for me to feel this way...)
Minori: Thanks for waiting, Nene! Sorry for cutting it so close.
Nene: No, that's okay! I also just got here.
Nene: (Actually, I got here forty minutes ago...)
Nene: Anyway, sorry for calling you out like this. You had work today, right?
Minori: Yeah, but I still want to hang out as much as I can with my friends, so thanks for inviting me!
Nene: (Oh...)
Nene: Okay, I'm glad to hear that.
Nene: Then, before I forget, lemme give you these. These are pictures of you in your dress, and this is the mini album of photos from the show.
Minori: Wow, thanks! I've been looking forward to them ever since you told me about this!
Minori: Whoa! This photographer's a total pro...! I look like a star on stage!
Nene: This photographer did a good job, but so did you, Hanasato. It's so amazing what idols can do.
Minori: What?! Y-You think so?
Nene: Let me take this opportunity to thank you again for jumping in to help with the show.
Minori: Hehe. Thank you for giving me such an amazing opportunity!
Minori: Oh, speaking of shows, you and your troupe aren't performing at PXL right now, right?
Nene: Yeah, we're currently in the middle of visiting different troupes and training with them.
Minori: Whoa, like wandering warriors?! That's so cool!
Nene: Y-You think so...?
Nene: (I feel like being an idol who appears on TV is a lot more impressive, personally...)
Minori: So, which troupes have you guys been visiting? Can you tell me?!
Nene: Which troupes? Yeah, I can tell you that much...
Minori: Really?! Where was your first stop? I'm curious what you guys practice and stuff!
Nene: Hehe. Slow down. I can't answer all of that at once.
Minori: Oh, sorry! I didn't mean to...
Nene: No, that's okay. Then, lemme start with what that troupe was like.
(Black cut)
