960_Nene Kusanagi_R2 Swept Up In The Edo Streets (event_136)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park]

Emu: It really feels like we're back in the Edo period! Right, Nene?! I'm having fun just walking around♪
Nene: Me too...
Nene: (I wanted to get a better grasp of my character by walking around like this since we start performing for real tomorrow...)
Nene: (But Emu's right... It really feels like we're back in ancient Tokyo.)
Nene: (The buildings and set designs all look authentic. Plus, there's a huge number of staff and guests...)
Nene: (I'm starting to get a little nervous...)
Nene: (But I have to do my best...! Because this is a huge opportunity for everyone in Mikazukigumi.)
Emu: Oh, Nene! This way! Let's check out that dango shop!
Nene: Huh?
Nene: Oh... O-Okay!
(Black cut)
Emu: Alright, we're at the dango shop! Wow! The soy sauce they're using smells so good!
Nene: Yeah, it does... But are you sure you didn't want to go to any of the other dango shops? This place has a ton of them.
Emu: Yeah, I wanted to come here because this shop apparently makes all sorts of different dango!
Nene: Really? Come to think of it, they do seem to offer a huge selection...
Emu: Heehee! I did some research beforehand♪
Emu: The other shops seem to specialize in making soy-sauce-flavored or sweet types of dango. They all offer something different...!
Emu: It's like the popcorn they have at Phoenix Wonderland! Some guests make it their mission to try every single flavor!
Nene: Wait, even though they have this many types...?! I'd be so full after eating all these...
Emu: I could eat lots and lots of them☆
Emu: This place really does feel a lot like Phoenix Wonderland!
Nene: Oh...
Nene: (She might be right...)
Nene: (The buildings, set design and overall scale differ a lot compared to Phoenix Wonderland...)
Nene: (But they seem to have a lot of things in common...)
Nene: (Also...)
Girls: Oh, Sis, look! That dango shop has lots of different kinds we can choose from!
Girls: Huh? Oh, you're right! I don't know which to choose...
Girls: Me neither! But let's see... I still haven't had...
Nene: (All the guests here seem to be really enjoying themselves. Just like the ones who visit Phoenix Wonderland...)
Nene: (They're all here because they want to smile and have fun.)
Nene: (Which means...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (The show we're going to do here is just like the ones we used to do back at Phoenix Wonderland.)
Nene: (So, we just have to do what we used to do...)
Nene: (Our goal will be to perform in a way that allows the guests to make their time here even more enjoyable.)
Emu: Huh? Nene? Is something the matter...? Your eyes look like they're on fire...
Nene: Oh, uhh... It's nothing...
Nene: Still, I actually am a little hungry. I could really go for some of these dango now.
Emu: Oh, Nene, that's what I like to hear! In that case, I'll buy you one of each kind☆
Nene: Huh? No, I don't think that's...
Emu: Excuse me! I'd like to buy some of your dango!
Clerk: Oh, welcome! You seem awfully energetic.
Nene: Emu, wait! Geez...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Nene: Okay, this idiom means...
Nene: (Three pages left... I'm finally halfway through these worksheets...)
Nene: (Once I'm done with my English homework, I'll do those math problems next and then...)
Nene: *Sigh* (So much to do. But it's also my fault for letting it all pile up while practicing for our shows...)
Nene: And I'm starting to lose focus... I should take a break.
Emu: Oh, Nene, you're taking a break? Then, I'll join you!
Len (WxS): Nice work, you two!
Nene: *Nod* Thanks.
???: Hm? What are you all up to?
Rin (WxS): Oh! Hi, MEIKO☆
Miku (WxS): We heard that Nene and Emu were having a study session together, so we decided to come watch♪
MEIKO (WxS): A study session...?
MEIKO (WxS): But I thought you two got fairly good grades. Is there a reason you felt that you needed to gather like this...?
Emu: Nene invited me after telling me she was gonna do some studying in SEKAI!
Nene: I was getting through my homework, but I had trouble focusing at home...
Miku (WxS): Really? Why's that☆
Luka (WxS): Oh, were you about to fall asleep?
MEIKO (WxS): She isn't you, Luka. I'm sure there's a different reason.
Luka (WxS): Oh, you think so?
Nene: Um, so... This game I've been playing a lot just got a big update recently...
Nene: And I had to fight the urge to procrastinate.
MEIKO (WxS): It must've been a very big update.
Nene: It was. They added this new mode with its own special rules...
Nene: They even added new maps, characters and story content. They definitely put a lot of effort into this update...
Miku (WxS): Oh, that sounds like fun♪
Nene: Also, I didn't have a chance to play for a while since we were at Jidaigeki Studio Park doing performances until just recently. I sorta couldn't stop myself...
Nene: But I soon realized that I wouldn't be able to get through any of the homework I let pile up if I kept playing. So, I decided to call Emu and seek refuge in SEKAI.
Nene: I'm sorry about this, Emu... I know I'm dragging you into my own problems.
Emu: Hehe♪ I've actually been having a lot of fun doing my homework with you, Nene♪
Nene: Thanks. I'm glad you're saying that.
MEIKO (WxS): In any case, you want to get through your homework and play that game as fast as possible, right?!
Nene: Huh?
MEIKO (WxS): I mean, it must be incredibly fun if you had trouble stopping yourself, Nene.
MEIKO (WxS): Wouldn't it be fun to quickly square away your homework and play it with Emu?
Nene: Y-Yeah...
Len (WxS): Right... Then, why don't we all help with their homework so they can get to playing that game?
Rin (WxS): Oh, then! I'm gonna be your cheerleader♪
KAITO (WxS): In that case, I'll study with you two so that I can jump in and help whenever you get stuck.
Luka (WxS): Oh, KAITO, that's so nice of you. It's like you're their teacher♪
Miku (WxS): Umm... I'll be a cheerleader with Rin!
Miku (WxS): Let's go, Nene! Let's go, Emu!
Emu: Hehe. You hear that, Nene?! They're all gonna help us!
Emu: Let's finish up our homework so we can play that game together!
Nene: You guys...
Nene: Okay, we'll do our best to finish these assignments.
Nene: (Coming here was a good decision...)
Nene: (Not just because I've been able to get through these homework assignments...)
Nene: (But because the others are making this process as much fun as playing that game.)
Emu: Oh, Nene, you've got such a big smile on your face!
Luka (WxS): Were you thinking about playing that game?
Nene: Huh? No, I was just...
MEIKO (WxS): Alright, let's work together and give these two all the help we can so that they smile even more!
Len, Miku & Rin: Yeah!
Nene: *Nod*
Nene: Thanks, you guys!
(Black cut)
