1005_Nene Kusanagi_R4 A Dream On A Melody (event_144)

Gacha phrase: With my singing, I'll make it really shine!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Welcome, Nene♪
Rin (WxS): Are the others here with you?
Nene: Oh, not yet. We agreed to meet up here once homeroom ended for each of our classes.
Nene: By the way, you guys...
Nene: Can we talk for a minute once Tsukasa and the others get here? I need to tell you all something before we start practice.
KAITO (WxS): Sure, but is something bothering you?
Nene: No, nothing like that...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Teacher: About the planning committee I just mentioned.
Teacher: Would you like to be a part of it?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (I couldn't tell everyone that day because we didn't have practice, but I need to tell them that I've agreed to be on the planning committee for Shibu Schools Fest.)
Nene: (I should be focusing on my singing right now, to be ready to start training with the Morinomiya Revue...)
Nene: (But my teacher personally invited me.)
Nene: (I decided to accept because I usually shy away from doing stuff like this. It seemed like a good opportunity to make a change.)
Nene: (They'll understand as long as I explain my reasoning, right...?)
Tsukasa: Sorry for making you all wait!
MEIKO (WxS): Welcome, you three! We all just finished gathering as well.
Len (WxS): That reminds me! You said you wanted to tell us all something, right, Nene?
Nene: Oh...
Emu: You wanna tell us something, Nene?
Nene: So, the thing is...
(Black cut)
Rui: Well, Nene, I think you surprised us all by saying that you're going to be on the planning committee for the Shibuya City High Schools Joint Festival...
Tsukasa: Yes, on your teacher's recommendation no less! Congratulations!
Emu: You and your classmates worked really hard when you directed that film☆
Nene: ...
Nene: So, you guys are okay with me doing this?
Rui: Hm? I don't see why we'd be against it...
Nene: B-But I feel like I should be practicing and preparing to train with the Morinomiya Revue...
Tsukasa: Well, what about you? Do you feel okay with doing this?
Tsukasa: From how it sounds, you'll have to juggle practicing with your duties as a member of this committee.
Nene: Yeah, I plan on practicing like normal, and I'm going to give this festival as much as I can too. I made a commitment, after all.
Tsukasa: Then, I say do it.
Tsukasa: This is a joint festival involving all the city's high schools! Not only that, you get to be on the planning committee for the inaugural event! Go give it your best shot!
Emu: Yeah♪ I'll be rooting for you, Nene☆
Luka (WxS): Hehe. I'm so happy for you, Nene.
Nene: Thanks...!
Nene: I promise to do my best!
Miku (WxS): Planning a festival with students from all the other schools sounds like so much fun♪
Rui: Yes, I almost wish I could be on this committee, too.
Emu: Yeah, me too! How are people chosen for it?
Nene: Who knows? My teacher said anyone who was interested should talk to him...
Tsukasa: Hm? Our teacher also mentioned the festival, but I don't think any of us were invited.
Rui: No, we weren't.
Rui: To be fair, each school wants to send its best representatives, which effectively takes us out of the running.
Tsukasa: Ah, that's unfortunate... No, wait a second! What do you mean “us”?!
Tsukasa: Unlike you, I haven't been causing trouble each and every day! I'm an excellent candidate to represent our school!
Rui: Ah, have you forgotten what everyone at school calls us?
Rin (WxS): Umm... Remind me again☆
Nene: The Weirdo Wombo Combo...
MEIKO (WxS): Haha... If everybody at school calls you two that, then I understand why your teachers would be hesitant to ask either of you.
Tsukasa: Whyyyyy?!?!?!
Miku (WxS): Wait, does that mean Tsukasa can't be a part of the festivities...?
Nene: Probably not the planning committee, but he should still be allowed to be a part of the performances and stuff.
Emu: Thank goodness! Then, I'm gonna ask my teacher about helping with this festival♪
Tsukasa: Yes, I'll do the same! Maybe there's still a spot available on the planning committee.
Rui: I wouldn't get your hopes up.
Tsukasa: Quiet, you!
Nene: Thanks for giving me a chance to explain, you guys. Anyway, let's start practicing...
Emu: Okay♪ Let's do our best again today☆
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Airi Momoi, An Shiraishi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Rehearsal Room]

Ichika: Would you mind telling me how I sound for the part where we're supposed to sing together, Kusanagi?
An: Hey, Kusanagi! Can you tell me how I sound while delivering this line?
Nene: Oh, umm...
Ichika & An: Oh...
Cast Member: Kusanagi, I wanted to make sure we're coming on stage at the right time. Oh, I guess you have your hands full right now...
Nene: J-Just a second... Uhh...!
Nene: (I'll be forcing them to wait, but I should help them in order here...)
???: We'll take care of things, Nene♪
Tsukasa: You help Ichika and the others. We just so happen to be free right now, so I can assist with delivering lines and such.
Rui: I can help you with your cue to take the stage, since that's my department.
Nene: Thanks, you guys! Would you all be okay with them helping instead, Shiraishi?
An: Yeah! Thank you for doing this, Tenma!
Cast Member: I also really appreciate it. Thanks for offering to help, Kamishiro!
Tsukasa & Rui: Anytime! Of course.
Nene: (Thank goodness everyone ended up joining the musical...)
Nene: (They can keep practices and stuff going while I'm dealing with planning committee business, or checking up on the other teams.)
Nene: (I can delegate to them whenever I'm suddenly swamped.)
Nene: (Emu's even helping the set designers...)
Nene: (But I shouldn't lean on them too much. As the leader, I need to keep doing my best.)
Nene: Thank you for waiting. I'm ready to hear you sing now!
Airi: Great, thanks!
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Nene: Alright, let's take a break here! Please make sure to stay hydrated, everyone.
Nene: Thanks again for helping me with the others earlier. So, was everything okay after that?
Emu: Yup♪ Everyone's thinking really hard about what their characters are supposed to be feeling☆
Tsukasa: Yes! Everything from their emotions to their personalities and all the other little things they do!
Rui: As for the cue to take the stage, I told them to do so when the music starts playing. That seemed like the simplest way for them to understand.
Nene: I see...
An: It's like everybody wants your help, Kusanagi!
Ichika: Even while we were practicing, people kept coming over to ask you for help. A part of me feels that they need to be more independent, but...
Nene: No, that's okay. I'm the one who agreed to lead everyone.
Nene: I mean, I've been so busy that I've been delegating to Tsukasa and the others...
Airi: Yeah, but being the leader doesn't mean you have to do everything yourself. Honestly, that sounds downright impossible.
Rui: Yes, it's a good leader's job to delegate when you feel it's necessary.
Tsukasa: Precisely! So, ask us for help whenever you need it!
Emu: Yeah! Ask us lots and lots☆
Nene: *Nod* Again, you guys, I really appreciate it.
Nene: Then, this might sound funny now... But can I ask you all about the next scene we're about to do?
Nene: I feel like we can get the musicians to leave a bigger impression on everyone when they initially appear.
Rui: Ah, perfect. I was going to ask about that very scene too. It's when Lulu meets them for the very first time, after all.
Tsukasa: However, I think their acting is already impactful enough as it is now. We may not want to make any drastic changes, considering how we only have a few days left until the show.
Nene: I know. That's why I wanna ask you guys about how much I should push.
Airi: Hehe. Sounds like our leader isn't satisfied with our current performance.
An: Yeah! But we've gotten pretty used to acting now, so feel free to ask us whatever!
Ichika: Yeah, we're willing to do anything if it'll make our musical better.
Rui: This is quite the conundrum. If you were Tsukasa, then I'd gladly throw in some lightning and explosions...
Emu: Explosion?!
Ichika: Huh? D-Did he just say explosions...?
Airi: And lightning...?
Tsukasa: Hmm... But this is the musicians' first appearance. Wouldn't it be fine to have explosions and lightning appear in the background?
Nene: Explosions in the background? They're not superheroes...
Nene: But this scene does have a big impact on Lulu, so maybe it would be good to have a visual representation of...
Nene: Oh...
Nene: N-No, wait! No explosions or lightning!
Emu & Rui: Aww...
Nene: Don't give me that look...!
Nene: This isn't a Wonderlands×Showtime show. It's an official event, so we can't just do what we normally do for these kinds of things!
Tsukasa: Hmm... Yes, fair point.
Rui: Also, the stage isn't exactly equipped to handle those kinds of effects anyway.
Nene: R-Right...!
Nene: Umm... Sorry, I know I asked for your input, but let's leave the big effects for when it's just us.
Rui: Of course. Then, I'll try to think of something that you'd normally see at a school festival.
Nene: Okay, thanks...!
Nene: Sorry, I didn't mean to scare any of you. We won't be doing any of those things, so don't worry!
Ichika: O-Okay, thanks.
Airi: Still, Kusanagi, you and your troupe do know how to put on amazing shows.
Airi: I mean, based on what you were saying, it sounds pretty normal for there to be explosions and lightning?
Airi: And I've seen a few of your guys' shows... Did I just happen to see the ones without any extravagant effects?
Emu: The ones Rui directs are chock full of them♪ For example... Mguh?!
Nene: I-If the story calls for it, then we'll throw in some effects. Not all our shows are like that.
Ichika: Come to think of it, Shiraishi, you don't look all that surprised.
An: Hm? I mean, I'm pretty used to hearing about Kamishiro making stuff explode at school, at this point.
An: During the cheering competition for the sports festival, he had people jump out of some classroom windows.
Nene: Haha...
Nene: (Be it Rui or any of the others, their crazy ideas used to really startle me. But not anymore...)
Nene: (Kind of amazing what you can get used to...)
(Black cut)
