1034_Nene Kusanagi_R4 Unwavering Gaze (event_149)

Gacha phrase: I want to push on, even if it means conflict.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Nene's Room]

Nene: *Sigh* I'm exhausted...
Nene: Morinomiya's no joke. My first day of practice was so hard that I don't have enough energy left for video games...
Nene: (Some of my classmates complimented me on how I was able to keep up with them, but it's obvious that my stamina still needs a lot of work.)
Nene: (The others put on great acting performances, while I struggled just to get my fundamentals right. I need to figure out how to perform more like them.)
Nene: (This is another brutal reminder of how much work I still have left to do. That being said...)
Nene: I couldn't be happier about getting to study how to do musicals at Morinomiya.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (I should be able to learn a lot from people like Byakkomachi. They have the talent to become world-class performers.)
Nene: I need to do better during class... And I have to do my absolute best when I go to audition...!
Miku (WxS): <Hiya, Nene☆>
Nene: Oh, Miku... You even brought Luka and MEIKO with you... What brings you all here? It's kinda late.
MEIKO (WxS): <We're sorry. We know you're very tired, but there's something we need to tell you!>
Nene: Tell me?
MEIKO (WxS): <Len just told us about how you and the others are training at a very rigorous institution this time around! It sounds very interesting!>
Miku (WxS): <Yeah, we were hoping that you could tell us more about this Morinomiya Music Academy☆>
Miku (WxS): <The teachers are super duper strict, right?>
MEIKO (WxS): <We also heard that you're going to be auditioning for something! Could you tell us more about that as well?!>
Luka (WxS): <I'd also love to hear more about what your other lessons have been like.>
Nene: Hehe. Alright, let's go one at a time...
Nene: Let's see... First, the Morinomiya Revue is a storied troupe which was established over a hundred years ago...
(Black cut)
Luka (WxS): <My... This academy you're all training at now is so fascinating.>
Miku (WxS): <It's so cool how they've been around for over a hundred years!>
Miku (WxS): <Also, it's really interesting how the students are split into boys' and girls' classes☆>
MEIKO (WxS): <And they even hold original quarterly shows, just to give the students experience on-stage.>
Nene: Hehe. I know, right?
Nene: I always knew that Morinomiya was an incredible place, but now that I actually get to train there, I'm feeling it more and more.
MEIKO (WxS): <Hehe. I can tell that the Morinomiya Music Academy holds a special place in your heart, Nene.>
Miku (WxS): <You should see how your eyes sparkled just now☆>
Nene: Huh? Th-They did...?
Nene: But you guys might be right.
Nene: I mean, ever since I discovered my love of musicals, I don't know how many times I've watched the DVDs of Morinomiya's shows...
Nene: Everyone who wants to become a musical actor hopes to go there someday.
Nene: Which is why I'm so excited about getting to study there. I honestly don't know if I'll get a chance like this ever again...
Nene: I'll only be there for three months, but I plan on learning absolutely everything I can during that time.
Nene: So, I need to start by getting a really solid understanding of the character I'll be auditioning for...!
MEIKO (WxS): <Hehe. Break a leg! It sounds tough, but I'm sure you'll do just fine during this audition, Nene!>
Nene: *Nod* Thanks!
Nene: Wait, did you all come here to wish me luck?
Miku (WxS): <Hehe. We wanted to show our support for you.>
Luka (WxS): <Hehehe♪ We're all rooting for you.>
MEIKO (WxS): <But don't push yourself too hard! Come over to SEKAI if you ever feel like taking a break!>
Nene: Thanks, you guys...
KAITO (WxS): <Good evening, Nene. How are you doing?>
Nene: Oh... Hi, KAITO...!
KAITO (WxS): <Yes, hello... This certainly explains why none of you had returned. You were all chatting here.>
KAITO (WxS): <Nene's likely very tired after a long day of practicing, so we need to give her time to rest.>
MEIKO (WxS): <Haha. We're sorry! But we really wanted to ask how her day went!>
Luka (WxS): <We're sorry for dropping in on you so suddenly.>
Nene: No, that's okay. I'm really glad that we had a chance to talk. You guys gave me a nice boost of motivation.
KAITO (WxS): <That's good to hear.>
KAITO (WxS): <You have my support as well, Nene. Break a leg!>
Nene: Hehe. Thank you very much.
KAITO (WxS): <Anyway, we'll excuse ourselves here. Good night, Nene. Sleep tight.>
Miku (WxS): <Bye bye☆>
Nene: *Nod* Night, you guys.
Nene: Hehe. They all came over to give me support.
Nene: Alright, I'll rest properly tonight, and do my best again during my lessons tomorrow!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi)

[Morinomiya Music Academy]

Nene: Let's see... The classroom for my next lesson should be this way.
Nene: (I'd like to get there early in order to check to make sure I'm moving okay.)
Nene: Wait, this is where...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Imura: Stop it.
Imura: I don't want to hear any empty words! Not from someone who didn't get cut today!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: (This is where I had that talk with Imura...)
Nene: I haven't seen her since she was told to stop auditioning the other day... I hope she's okay.
Nene: (I know I should focus on the show itself, but...)
Byakkomachi: Huh? Kusanagi...? What are you doing in the middle of the corridor? Is something wrong?
Nene: Oh, Byakkomachi...
Nene: Umm... I was just thinking about something, is all.
Byakkomachi: I see. Then, I apologize for interrupting your train of thought.
Nene: No, we should be heading to class, after all. I appreciate you speaking up.
Byakkomachi: Ah, I'm glad to hear that.
Nene: Um, Byakkomachi?
Nene: Do you know if Imura's okay? I haven't forgotten about what you told me the other day, but...
Byakkomachi: She should be fine. It's nothing for you to worry about, Kusanagi.
Nene: Huh...?
Byakkomachi: Anyway, shall we? We probably shouldn't spend all our time chatting here.
Nene: R-Right, let's go.
Nene: (So, is she telling me again to stop thinking about Imura and stay focused on the production?)
Nene: (It's still a bit of a bitter pill to swallow...)
Nene: (But... I do need to do everything I can for the task ahead of me.)
(Black cut)

[After the lesson]

Nene: (Phew... Another tough lesson today, but I feel like I'm moving my body much better now.)
Nene: (Still, I'm miles behind the others. I should probably head over to SEKAI to do my usual training and...)
Imura: Hi, Kusanagi...
Nene: Huh? Imura?
Nene: U-Uhh, so... How are you feeling? You haven't been showing up for our lessons.
Imura: O-Oh, I'm okay! I had a bit of a flu, is all... But my fever finally broke just earlier.
Nene: Really? Thank goodness...
Nene: A-Also...!
Nene: I'm really sorry about what I said during the auditions. I feel awful about not taking your feelings into consideration more.
Imura: I'm also sorry... You were just trying to cheer me up, but I ended up lashing out at you.
Nene: No, you were just...
Imura: No, I took all of the anger and frustration I was feeling out on you...
Imura: Even going into the audition, I knew that I still didn't have a good grasp of Luca.
Imura: But I decided to go in without doing the work, because I wanted to play him so much. I ended up putting on a horrible performance, and the teachers rightly called me out on it.
Imura: Then, even though you were just trying to cheer me up, I bit your head off... I really am sorry.
Nene: No, you don't have to apologize. It's my fault for...
Imura: No, please let me continue! I want to apologize to you, properly. But that's not all I have to say.
Imura: I want to finish by thanking you.
Nene: What?
Imura: The way you performed during the audition made it clear to me that you really faced Luca head-on.
Nene: Oh...
Imura: That made me really happy.
Imura: I ended up getting cut, but you kept trying your absolute best.
Imura: Seeing that made me want to stand back up.
Nene: ...!
Imura: So, thank you. I'm done running... From auditions, and from my own shortcomings.
Nene: (Oh...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Byakkomachi: She should be fine. It's nothing for you to worry about, Kusanagi.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: (I see... So this is what Byakkomachi meant.)
Nene: (She must've known that Imura would find the strength to stand back up.)
Nene: (Which is why she just kept watch. Because she believed in her classmate...)
Nene: Then, why don't we hold a debrief together right now?
Imura: Huh? A debrief?
Nene: Yeah, because I wanna do everything I can. That includes making the most of the results from this time around.
Nene: So, I'd love to hear what your thought process was, in terms of learning to play Luca.
Nene: Because I do genuinely believe that you did a good job of capturing Luca's delicate personality.
Imura: *Nod* Thanks, Kusanagi. I also really liked your portrayal of Luca...
Nene: Thanks. Then, let's discuss this in the courtyard. There are just so many questions that I wanna ask you.
(Black cut)
