1123_Nene Kusanagi_R4 A Tail On Screen (event_158)

Gacha phrase: Hmm, where could it be?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Nene Kusanagi)

[Shibuya Park]

Nene: Alright, let's end our enunciation practice here.
Honami: Okay, thank you very much.
Honami: *Sigh* Reading each word clearly and properly is so hard...
Nene: But I thought you did a good job of projecting your voice.
Nene: Once you learn to channel your feelings, you should be able to put on a captivating performance.
Honami: Really? Thank goodness...!
Honami: Then, let's start working on that next. I need to keep trying my best since I'm still not very good at channeling my feelings.
Nene: Okay, but we should take a break first. After all, it isn't good to push yourself too hard.
Honami: Oh...
Honami: Hehe. You're right. Then, if you don't mind, let's take a quick break.
Nene: Yeah, let's take it nice and easy.
Honami: Saki's told me about some of the things Tsukasa does to practice...
Honami: But acting is so hard. Now that I've given it a try, I realize just how challenging it really is.
Nene: Yeah, it's hard not to feel that way since you're still getting the hang of it. But it gets easier after it's become second nature...
Honami: I see... How do you normally practice, Kusanagi?
Nene: Huh? Well...
Nene: Basic things like we did just now. Aside from practicing projecting my voice, singing and dancing are pretty crucial.
Nene: I also research how to become a better actress by seeing shows and watching movies...
Nene: Oh, building up your stamina is also important.
Honami: Stamina?
Nene: Yeah. If you don't have enough stamina, not only will you be unable to move the way you need to, you'll also lose your concentration...
Nene: I don't know if this has been helping at all, but I have been doing some walking before heading out for school each morning...
Honami: That's incredible...! I didn't realize just how hard you had to work.
Nene: I still have a long road up ahead... But I make a point of doing everything I can in the moment.
Nene: I mean, you're the same way, right?
Honami: Huh?
Nene: I feel like the same thing goes for practicing playing an instrument. Also, playing live must require a ton of stamina.
Nene: Not only that, I'm sure you've been doing a lot to help your band succeed.
Honami: Oh...
Honami: Yes... When you put it that way, I suppose I have been keeping very busy.
Honami: Just like you, I feel that I should be doing everything I can.
Nene: Hehe. I had a feeling.
Nene: I already thought you and I were in the same boat, but I guess we're similar in this way too.
Honami: I agree. We're both working very hard towards our respective dreams.
Honami: I'm so glad that I'm getting to work on this event with you, Kusanagi...
Nene: Huh?
Honami: Because practicing with you has given me a chance to get to know you much better.
Nene: Oh...
Nene: Y-Yeah...
Honami: Oh, if the reading event does go well, the two of us should throw a little party to celebrate.
Nene: Huh?
Honami: I want to use that opportunity to talk some more with you.
Nene: O-Oh... Okay.
Nene: In that case, we have to do everything we can to succeed.
Nene: Let's make sure it goes really well.
Honami: Yes!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Nene: Oh, it looks like everyone's here...
Rui: Ah, excellent.
Miku (WxS): Oh! Hi, Nene, Rui☆
Len (WxS): It feels like it's been forever!
Nene: Sorry, I was helping a friend with her reading event.
KAITO (WxS): A reading event?
Rui: It was an event that involved reading a picture book to some little children.
Luka (WxS): Oh, that sounds wonderfully fun♪
Nene: Yes. We weren't sure what to do in the beginning because they wouldn't listen to us...
Nene: But they started listening closely once we actually began going through the story, which was nice to see.
Rui: Hehe. I ended up helping them with some effects. I have to say, it was quite a rare experience.
Len (WxS): So, can you tell us more about this story you read?
Nene: It's titled “The Star-Chasing Dog”.
Nene: I actually bought a copy and brought it over... Want me to read it to you guys?
Rin (WxS): Really?! Show us! Show us!
MEIKO (WxS): I'd like to see it as well!
Rui: Hmm... Reading it normally is one option...
Rui: But since we have the chance, we should turn it into a full reading event, no?
Nene: Wait, here?
Rui: Yes, I brought the devices you used since I was hoping to show them how it was presented.
Nene: Then... Wait, you guys are sitting down already?
Miku (WxS): Hehe☆ Because we wanna hear the story!
Nene: Okay... Rui, could you help read too?
Rui: Yes, of course. I've familiarized myself with the story.
Rui: Also, Nene, why don't you play the protagonist this time?
Nene: Okay. Then, let's get started.
(Black cut)
Nene: “The boy and the dog were very close.”
Nene: “During the day, they'd play tag out in the big field, and at night they'd talk about different things while stargazing.”
Rui: “Hey, have you heard this before?”
Rui: “Apparently, somewhere in this world, there's a star that grants wishes.”
Nene: “Does it have the power to grant any wish?”
Rui: “Yeah. What would you wish for if you just happened to find it?”
Nene: “Hmm... Well...”
Rin (WxS): Oh, cool! What would you wish for, Len?
Len (WxS): Hmm... I guess some delicious snacks...?
(Black cut)
Nene: “After the dog decided to go on his journey, he told the boy this as he lay in his bed.”
Nene: “Just wait. I promise to find a star that will grant my wish.”
Nene: “And we'll go to that big field again after you get better. We can spend the entire day in the sun playing tag.”
Nene: “So, just wait...”
MEIKO (WxS): Is the boy going to be okay...?
Miku (WxS): *Sob* I sure hope so! You can do it, doggy!
(Black cut)
Rui: “The boy regained his strength, embraced his travel-weary dog and said...”
Rui: “You must be a star that grants wishes in disguise.”
Nene: “No, the others were the ones who made this all possible.”
Nene: “It was their kindness that saved me...”
Nene: “Which means there must be a glittering star inside each of them.”
Nene: “And they lived happily ever after.”
Rin (WxS): Wow! Sparkly stars are falling from the sky!
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. What a wonderful effect. It's like they're coming straight out of the book.
MEIKO (WxS): Yes, and the story was so good!
Luka (WxS): I know, right? I actually started tearing up partway through.
Nene: Hehe. I'm glad you guys enjoyed it.
Miku (WxS): Oh, Nene!
Nene: Yeah?
Miku (WxS): Can I borrow this book from you?
Miku (WxS): After hearing you two present this story, I feel like doing my own event now!
Nene: Sure... I'd like to see how you and the others present it.
Miku (WxS): Thanks♪ Which roles do you guys wanna play?
Nene: (Mochizuki was right... This is a nice feeling.)
Nene: (Hehe. I'm really looking forward to seeing their reading event...)
(Black cut)
