1136_Nene Kusanagi_R3 Trying On Cuteness (event_160)

Gacha phrase: This really is adorable...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Meow Park]

Nyantaro: Meow.
Nene: Who would've guessed that a cat would take us around the carnival...?
Airi: I know, right? On top of already being completely surrounded by cats, we got to meet a real one...!
Mizuki: Still, where do you think he's taking us?
Tsukasa: No idea! We'll just have to follow Nyantaro until... Hm?
Tsukasa: What's wrong, Nyantaro? Why'd you stop...?
Nyantaro: Meow!
Nene: Oh... This looks like a souvenir shop.
Tsukasa: Wait, are you telling us to buy some merchandise before going on any rides...?!
Mizuki: Haha! Talk about a deft salesman.
Nene: Wanna check it out...?
Mizuki: Yeah, I'm game♪
Airi: Me too. I mean, I was already planning on buying some stuff.
Tsukasa: Let's see... Yes, they have quite the selection here. And the cat theming remains impeccable!
Nene: Yeah, they're all really cute...
Mizuki: Check it out! Aren't these sunglasses adorable?!
Nene: Oh, the lenses are shaped like cats...! That seems pretty fashionable.
Mizuki: I know, right?! It'd be so much fun to walk around wearing a pair of these!
Airi: What if you paired those with a cat tail? They've got so many different types here! Striped tails, fluffy tails, everything!
Tsukasa: They also have a wide selection of T-shirts! This one has an overwhelmingly large cat's face printed on it.
Tsukasa: I know! I should take this opportunity to fully deck myself out!
Nene: No, I'd really rather you didn't stand out too much.
Nene: Still, they do have a ton of stuff here...
Mizuki: Heh heh heh... But I think these are in order since we're at a cat-themed carnival.
Nene: Huh?
Mizuki: Ta-daa! Cat ear headbands!
Mizuki: They have a ton of different types. Not only that...
Mizuki: These other headbands have little cat characters on them! Aren't they just the cutest?
Airi: Yeah, they really are! There's a black and white one, a tortoiseshell one, a calico... Talk about a wide variety!
Tsukasa: Hmm... Choosing just one is difficult... But I think I'll go with one of the tabbies to match Nyantaro!
Tsukasa: This one's even making a dignified expression!
Nene: (Wait, does this mean we're all gonna be wearing one of these...?)
Nene: (Y-Yeah, they are cute... But that also sounds kind of embarrassing...)
Airi: Is something the matter, Kusanagi?
Nene: Huh?
Airi: You had a complicated look on your face just now while looking at these headbands. I was wondering if something was wrong...
Nene: Oh, umm... It just sounded like we're all gonna be wearing these.
Nene: I-I'm not against that or anything, but these seem a bit too cutesy for me is all...
Airi: Really...? I think these would suit you really well.
Airi: But you don't have to if you don't feel comfortable, Kusanagi. It's important that you get to enjoy this carnival the way you like.
Nene: Oh...
Nene: Thank you very much, Momoi.
Mizuki's Voice (Mizuki): Look at me! I wanted to try on the tortoiseshell!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): I also picked out a T-shirt! How does this look? I think it suits me rather well.
Airi: Hey, you two look awesome! Oh, but these might look even better on you guys...
Nene: (I should enjoy this carnival the way I like...)
Nene: (Momoi's such a nice person.)
Nene: (Oh... This headband is really cute...)
Nene: (And no one's looking right now... Now's my chance to try it on... Alright, where's the mirror...?)
Nene: (This really is adorable...)
Mizuki: Hehe... That headband looks great on you, Kusanagi!
Tsukasa: Yes, if you like it, then why not buy it?
Nene: Huh? No, I was just trying it on...
Nene: But... You're right.
Nene: It might be fun to buy something like this for a change...
Tsukasa: Alright, I believe we're all set to go!
Airi: Yeah! So, let's take these up front. C'mon, Kusanagi!
Nene: O-Okay...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Nonogi Park]

Nene: Phew... I'm done running for the day...
Nene: (Okay, what was my time...? Good. I'm getting closer to my goal.)
Nene: (I haven't had time lately because I was practicing for that show at the carnival, but I can start training like normal again now that it's done.)
Nene: (Oh, speaking of that carnival... Momoi and Akiyama sent some messages about it.)
Nene: (They said people are talking about our show on social media... I guess I'll take a look.)
Nene: Let's see... Where'd I put my phone...?
???: Oh, if it isn't Nene!
Nene: Huh? Tsukasa...? Are you also here for a run?
Tsukasa: Yes, I actually just finished. Are you taking a break?
Nene: Yeah, I was gonna look at what people have been saying about our show. Akiyama and Momoi mentioned that it's been getting a lot of buzz.
Tsukasa: Oh, that's right! I still haven't had a chance to look much, so mind if I join you...?
Nene: Sure. Umm... Here, take a look at these comments.
Tsukasa: What did they say...? “That show was really heartwarming, and those cats were so cute!” “Thank you for that wonderful show! It's become a great memory for us!”
Tsukasa: It's always nice to receive this sort of feedback from the audience...
Nene: Yeah... And lots more people have posted their thoughts.
Nene: Oh, Tsukasa, these ones are about you... It looks like Nyantaro has a ton of fans now.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! Of course he does! He is that carnival's hero, after all!
Tsukasa: Oh, Nene, you also seem to have no small number of fans! Quite a few people were impressed by the way you and Airi Momoi worked in perfect sync during the show!
Nene: Oh... Sounds like our effort was worth it.
Nene: It really is nice to see these sorts of comments...
Nene: Especially since it shows we were able to create another fun memory for all the guests.
Tsukasa: Yes, and the carnival will live on as long as those memories stay alive...
Tsukasa: I couldn't be happier that I was able to help with its legacy!
???: <Nene!>
Nene: Huh? Miku?
Miku (WxS): <Morning, Nene... Wait, huh?! I didn't know Tsukasa was here with you☆>
Miku (WxS): <This is perfect♪ I'm hoping you two can help me with something!>
Tsukasa: Us...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Len (WxS): Welcome, Nene, Tsukasa!
Rin (WxS): Over here, you two♪
Nene: You're all together. Is something going on...?
Miku (WxS): So, they wanted to ask you guys about the show you did at that carnival!
Tsukasa: Ah, the one we did during Meow Park's final day?
KAITO (WxS): Miku seems to have fallen completely in love with it. She's been telling us all about it.
Rin (WxS): Yeah! The Ferris wheel stopping probably came as a huge shock, right?
MEIKO (WxS): We heard that you had to ad-lib quite a lot... How did you manage it?!
Nene: Oh, so... Tsukasa suggested that we work the technical difficulties into our show.
Nene: Wait, Miku already knows everything... Why do you need to ask us?
KAITO (WxS): Haha... The picture Miku gave us wasn't entirely crystal clear...
Luka (WxS): We do know that it was a very fun performance...
Tsukasa: I see. That's understandable...
Miku (WxS): But! But! It was super duper fun! And my head gets so jumbled whenever I try to talk about everything that happened!
Miku (WxS): I mean, it was really, really fun and exciting and explosively entertaining!
MEIKO (WxS): Haha. This is basically how she's been describing it.
Nene: I see...
Nene: But that is nice to hear...
MEIKO (WxS): It is?
Nene: Yeah, because it means our show left a big impression on Miku.
Nene: The carnival's gone, but the memory we created still lives on...
Tsukasa: Yes, I felt the same thing while reading everyone's comments earlier. Seeing it in person like this drives the feeling home all the more...
Rin (WxS): Nene! Tsukasa! You gotta tell us more about what happened!
Len (WxS): Yeah, I wanna hear more too!
Tsukasa: Of course! We certainly have plenty to share.
Nene: Well, for starters... In the original story...
(Black cut)
