1157_Nene Kusanagi_R4 Feeling In Each Step (event_164)

Gacha phrase: I really am glad I got to come here.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Morinomiya Music Academy - Rehearsal Room]

Nene: One, two, three. One, two, three...
Nene: Okay, this timing feels right... Now I just need to focus on raising my legs a little higher.
Nene: My form's improved, but it's still not perfect...
Nene: (I only have a few days left to practice here...)
Nene: (I got to practice with everyone, participate in auditions with them and even help out with one of their quarterly performances...)
Nene: (So much happened, and it all just seemed to fly by in a flash...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (I'm so glad that I got to train here. Because if I didn't, I probably...)
???: <Hiya, Nene☆>
Nene: Hi, you guys...
Luka (WxS): <Oh, we didn't know you were staying back late to practice.>
MEIKO (WxS): <Looks like you're working hard, Nene!>
Nene: I just still haven't completely figured out the dance they taught us.
Miku (WxS): <It must be really hard...!>
MEIKO (WxS): <Are you by chance going to be tested on it?>
Nene: No, I just felt like practicing it some more.
Nene: I managed to keep up with everyone during our lesson, but I'm still not happy with where I am...
Nene: So, I want to change that before the time comes to stop training here.
MEIKO (WxS): <I see. You're working on things you're not even required to for class...>
Luka (WxS): <That's so admirable of you, Nene.>
Nene: Y-You guys are blowing things way out of proportion.
Nene: I just don't want to leave things unfinished, is all.
Nene: I got a chance to train here, so I feel that I should give it everything I have before I cross the finish line.
Miku (WxS): <Your eyes are totally on fire, Nene☆>
MEIKO (WxS): <Hehe. In other words, this ended up being a very stimulating experience for you, yes?>
Nene: Yeah, I really learned a lot.
Nene: About the value of pursuing the perfect performance, how to interact with the people you're competing for roles with...
Nene: What it means to fight for a role like your life depends on it, and the frustration you feel when you fail...
Nene: I believe all of those things have allowed me to grow a ton as an actress.
Nene: Everything I learned at Morinomiya has had a huge effect on me.
MEIKO (WxS): <Nene...>
Luka (WxS): <Oh, I think someone's coming...>
Miku (WxS): <Oh no! We gotta hide!>
Imura: Hi, Kusanagi.
Nene: Imura? Mori? What are you two doing here...?
Imura: We saw you practicing by yourself, so we decided to see what you were doing.
Mori: What were you practicing just now?
Nene: Umm... The thing is...
(Black cut)
Mori: I see. You were practicing that dance routine.
Imura: But I totally get why. I mean, I hate to leave things unfinished too.
Nene: You feel the same way, Imura?
Imura: Yeah. Once I have an image in my head, I want to keep going until I'm able to match it.
Mori: Would it be alright if I practiced with you? There were actually a few things with this routine that were still bothering me.
Nene: Huh?
Imura: Oh, can I also join in? You can feel free to ask us if you have any questions.
Nene: Really? That's so kind of you... I really appreciate it.
(Background change)
Luka (WxS): <Nene looks so happy.>
MEIKO (WxS): <Experience is one thing... But I think she gained more than just that during her time at Morinomiya!>
Miku (WxS): <Yeah☆>
(Background change)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Nene: Okay, I nailed that step sequence. Next is the turn...
Nene: Umm... Like that.
Rin (WxS): Wow! That was awesome, Nene!
Len (WxS): You looked so cool doing that dance routine!
Nene: Hehe. Thanks.
Miku (WxS): You've finally mastered the dance you practiced with those other girls☆
Luka (WxS): You must've practiced it quite a lot since then.
Nene: Yeah, I ended up working on it until the very last day.
Nene: But I was able to finally get it down after Imura and Mori agreed to join me for a few extra practices.
KAITO (WxS): It sounds like you were able to wrap up your time there in a neat little bow.
Nene: Yeah. I'm really glad that I got to see things through until the very end...
MEIKO (WxS): Hehe. You have this air of resolve now, Nene.
Nene: H-Huh? I do...?
KAITO (WxS): I'm also sensing a great deal of determination.
Nene: That's probably because training at Morinomiya made me realize just how much harder I need to work...
Len (WxS): Yeah, you have been working out super hard lately!
Nene: I really understand the importance of being fit now. So, I've been training more and changing the exercises I do from time to time.
MEIKO (WxS): That's wonderful! And I feel like exercising now after hearing you talk about your training!
MEIKO (WxS): I know! Why don't you do something in SEKAI for a change? For starters, we can try sprinting as fast as we can!
Nene: I'm not sure how much I'll benefit from sprinting...
Nene: But I guess it could be fun.
Nene: My stamina still leaves a lot to be desired, so I wanna do everything I can to make sure I stick to my workout routine.
Miku (WxS): Do your best! We'll be cheering like crazy for you☆ You've got this♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Evening]

[Nene's Room]

Nene: (I've finished my homework and have everything ready for tomorrow... So, I guess I should go to bed now...)
Nene: (But it's still way too early.)
Nene: (It's been a while since I had extra time on my hands like this. While I was training at Morinomiya, I always had something to work on...)
Nene: (But now that I'm free, what should I do...?)
Nene: Oh, that reminds me...
Nene: I have those games that I couldn't play because I was so busy.
Nene: The ones that were updated recently have been on my mind, and... Oh, there's new DLC for this one. Plus, I still haven't touched the latest installment of this series.
Nene: I mean, I have been working pretty hard...
Nene: So, I'm gonna go all out on these tonight...!
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Nene: Alright, another stage cleared. It's been a while, but I feel like I'm on a roll.
Nene: I'll keep going until... Wait, huh? It's already past midnight...?!
Nene: That was close. I want to train in the morning, so I should probably go to bed now...
Nene: Hehe. Train in the morning...
Nene: I used to play all night without realizing it.
Nene: But I'm being much more careful now. I guess that means I've grown up a little...
(Black cut)
