1171_Nene Kusanagi_R4 I Can't Rest (event_167)

Gacha phrase: I have to work harder...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: Oh, Tsukasa! What if we jumped really high into the air at the end of that action scene we just did?!
Rui: Would you mind if we went over a few things regarding the next scene, KAITO?
Nene: (Everybody looks like they're having a lot of fun... To be fair, it is the first show we're putting together from scratch in a while.)
Nene: (The plushies surprised us when they requested that we put on a show.)
Nene: (But I really do enjoy this process.)
Nene: (The show we're working on now is a comedic musical that takes place in a city.)
Nene: (I'm playing the gossipy owner of a flower shop... I'm also a bit of a troublemaker since I like to spread unfounded rumors.)
Nene: (She's a bit of a nuisance, but endearing at the same time. I hope I can properly capture her charm.)
KAITO (WxS): Alright, everyone, let's take a break here!
Emu: Nice work, Nene! I brought some snacks, so let's go have them over there!
Nene: Oh, okay... Thanks.
Nene: But I want to keep practicing for a bit longer. Mind starting your break without me?
Emu: Wait, you're not gonna take your break?
Nene: I'm having a little trouble with my character, and I wanna get it right before we start rehearsing.
Emu: Okay... But I thought the way you played that flower shop lady was really good...
Emu: What's bothering you exactly?
Nene: Huh? Umm... So, you know how she's a bit of a troublemaker? I feel like I'm currently making her look like a gigantic nuisance.
Nene: I'm trying to go more for the angle that she isn't there to cause trouble, and things usually just end up going wrong all of a sudden...
Emu: Right. That lady isn't trying to hurt anyone.
Emu: She just feels the need to let everyone know about the rumors she's heard.
Nene: That might be it...
Emu: Huh?
Nene: The way I'm acting now is making it hard for me to show how she wants everybody to know what she's heard.
Nene: It's been like she thinks spreading rumors is fun... I think I got hung up on the comedy aspect and went too over-the-top.
Nene: I should be trying to present her more as someone who's just trying to help others.
Emu: Oh, that'd make her such a fun and nice person!
Rui: Yes, that is a good idea...
Tsukasa: I agree! Not only does it give her more depth, it should make her a much more charming character!
Nene: I wanna ask how long you guys have been listening... But it works out since I was also hoping to hear your opinions.
Nene: Anyway, I'm thinking about playing her like that.
Nene: My character is going to feel a little milder as a result, so I'll need to strike a balance somewhere...
Rui: Then, why don't you do that by changing the way she speaks? She could talk quickly or have a funny speech pattern. That should give her quite a bit of presence.
MEIKO (WxS): Oh, I like that. Why don't we try coming up with some patterns now?
KAITO (WxS): If you're going to change the way she speaks, then you'll also need to adjust her lines a little.
Nene: Wait, you guys too, MEIKO, KAITO...?
Rin (WxS): Oh, what are you guys all talking about?
Miku (WxS): I think it's a meeting on how to give Nene's character a big power boost☆
Luka (WxS): Hehe. That sounds like fun.
Emu: Huh? You're all here now?! When did that happen?!
Nene: Y-Yeah... I feel kinda bad roping all of you in like this...
Nene: But I would really appreciate your guys' help.
(Black cut)
KAITO (WxS): Alright, let's get back to practice, shall we?
Rin & Miku: Okay!
Emu: I'm so glad we figured out a good plan for your flower shop lady, Nene!
Nene: Me too. Thanks for coming up with all those great ideas, you guys.
Nene: I doubt things would've come together so nicely if I'd kept thinking on my own...
Nene: (And I feel a lot more relaxed after talking to them.)
Nene: (I feel like I can really do her justice now.)
Nene: Um, you guys...?
Rui: Hm? Is something the matter?
Nene: Thanks for helping me with this. Again, I really appreciate it.
KAITO (WxS): You're welcome. I'm very much looking forward to seeing how you play her now, Nene.
MEIKO (WxS): Let's keep doing our best to turn this into a great show!
Nene: Yeah...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: Alright, it's time to start practicing for our show! Are you all ready?!
Emu: Yeah!
Rui: Hehe. You two are as energetic as ever today.
Nene: Yeah, no doubt about that.
Nene: But KAITO and the others aren't here yet, so I guess we should start with either a scene the four of us can rehearse or in-depth work on our individual roles.
Tsukasa: Right... Then, I'd like to start with something that's been bothering me!
Rui: Yes, that seems fine.
Tsukasa: Thank you! I've been having trouble with...
Nene: (For some reason...)
Nene: (I feel relieved that we get to work on a show together like this.)
Nene: (Thank goodness we managed to wake up from that dream...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: (I was still doing everything I could in order to make my dream come true...)
Nene: (But I ended up pushing myself a little too hard when I was on my own.)
Nene: (Is there a chance I would've gone down that road if things had been different...?)
Tsukasa: Hey, Nene. Are you listening?
Nene: Oh...
Nene: S-Sorry, I was thinking about something else. Umm...
Tsukasa: You know the scene at the end where we all sing together?
Tsukasa: The way I've been singing just doesn't feel like the way my character would sing it...
Emu: I didn't really get that feeling when I heard you singing.
Rui: But Tsukasa's the one playing that character. So, there must be a reason behind him feeling this way.
Nene: Can we ask why you feel that's the case...?
Tsukasa: I'm not sure how to put it into words...
Tsukasa: But the city police officer finds no greater joy than in performing his job. At the same time, the citizenry sees him as a nuisance for how rigid he is.
Tsukasa: That same man is supposed to grow a heart and become more compassionate with each passing case...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: So, I've been trying to capture that change in this song...
Nene: In other words, because he's undergone such a huge change of heart, you're not sure if you're doing a good job of showing that you're still playing the same character.
Tsukasa: Yes...
Nene: Hmm... Based on the way I heard you sing, it didn't seem like you ever broke character.
Nene: So, more specifically than just “the way you sing”, it might be some subtle nuance or method of expression that isn't quite clicking inside your head.
Tsukasa: I see...
Tsukasa: In that case, could you all take a moment to listen as I sing the part that's been bothering me the most?
Nene: Okay.
Tsukasa: Then, here it goes!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: ♪————! ————! ————!
Rui: Not only are you producing plenty of power, it's also clear that you're doing your best to be in step with everybody around you.
Emu: Yeah! But you said this is the part that's bothering you the most, right?
Nene: Maybe go easy on the power...? You can sound kinder, but still leave room for his resolve.
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: ————♪ ————♪ ————♪
Emu: Wow! You sound a lot kinder now!
Nene: Yeah. But I also think you could put a little more focus on the fact that you're singing with everyone.
Tsukasa: Singing with everyone...
Nene: Yeah. Your character's gone from public disciplinarian to helpful hand, right?
Nene: So, that's why... You might want to sing like you're trying to encourage them somehow.
Tsukasa: Yes, encouragement!
Tsukasa: I was trying to sing like I was walking hand in hand with those next to me, but your idea might be more fitting for the character.
Rui: Hmm...
Rui: I'd also like to take this opportunity to ask you all something. It has to do with the effects we're going to use for that song...
(Black cut)
Rui: Thank you all for your advice. I've come up with some better effects now.
Emu: Hehe♪ And I came up with better acting ideas!
Nene: I'm also glad I was able to find more areas where I can improve.
Nene: (This really is nice...)
Nene: (We're making our show better by having discussions and testing out ideas together.)
Nene: (The people we were in that dream probably wouldn't have been able to do this...)
Rui: Oh, you seem rather happy...
Nene: Yeah, I guess I am.
Emu: Hey, you guys, look over there! I think it's KAITO and the others!
Tsukasa: With Luka on his back...
Rui: They're probably late because it took them a long time to find her.
Nene: “Probably”? That has to be what happened.
Nene: Anyway, let's see what KAITO and the others think about what we just discussed.
Tsukasa, Emu & Rui: Yes! Let's!
(Black cut)
