1198_Nene Kusanagi_R4 Getting You Snacks (event_172)

Gacha phrase: Still, this is way too much...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Shopping Mall - Grocery Store]

Emu: Nene! Nene! They've got some new flavors of chips out!
Nene: Ochazuke and meat-and-potato-stew flavors...? I can sorta guess what they taste like, but... They put out some weird flavors.
Emu: I might buy a bag♪ Which flavor do you wanna try, Nene?
Nene: Honestly, I don't really care...
Nene: Also, try not to forget that we're here today to buy things for Rui.
Emu: Hehe. I know♪
Emu: Rui's working really hard on his show, so we're gonna support him by bringing him some goodies☆
Nene: Yeah, he seemed pretty stuck until a couple days ago, but I think he's found his heading now.
Nene: On the other hand, now that he knows what to do, he's been working nonstop.
Emu: Yeah, he mentioned how his schedule's really tight!
Nene: There's also that... But even without that, Rui tends to hyperfocus on what's in front of him.
Nene: I have a feeling that he's working so hard that he's forgetting to eat.
Emu: No, that means he's gonna collapse due to starvation!
Nene: Which is why we need to get him some food that he can munch on while he works.
Emu: Right! Let's try to find stuff that he'll really like!
Emu: Let's see... Things he can have while he works...
Emu: Oh, what about instant noodles?!
Nene: Instant noodles...
Emu: Do you think he'd eat that?
Nene: Hmm... He might see boiling water as too much of a hassle.
Nene: Which means he'll just keep working instead of eating them.
Emu: Then, frozen foods are no good either, right?
Nene: All he'd have to do is use the microwave, but he probably won't eat anything that involves leaving his room.
Nene: I think he'll need food that's ready to eat without any prep.
Emu: I know! What about candy?
Nene: Yeah, your brain does need sugar.
Emu: In that case, we should get some of those!
Emu: The candy that Rui loves the most!
Nene & Emu: Soda candy. Soda candy!
Nene: Yeah.
Nene: He'd love that, so let's get some for him.
Emu: Alright, the candy aisle should be... Oh, this should be it! Look at the shelves!
Emu: Soda♪ Soda♪ Where's the yummy soda candy♪
Nene: Oh, they're here at the bottom.
Nene: Wow, they have a lot of different kinds.
Emu: Grape, strawberry and soda flavors... Oh, some are even shaped like stars and flowers!
Nene: Which should we get? I think the ones he usually gets are these, so...
Emu: Avalanche☆
Nene: Wait, what...?!
Nene: You put in way too much! They're falling out of the basket...
Emu: We should give him all of these!
Emu: I want Rui to work hard and be full of energy, so he should have as much soda candy as he can♪
Nene: Sure, but this still seems like way too much...
Nene: If we were to give him all these, he'd...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: Is something wrong, Nene?
Nene: Actually, he might be happy...
Emu: Really?! That means we can get all these for him, right?!
Nene: Hmm... Yeah...
Nene: But giving him a pile of soda candy might cause him to eat nothing else. So, we should also look for other stuff.
Nene: Things that are a little healthier, like nutritional snacks...
Emu: Okay☆ Then, let's head over this way to our next stop!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[ArcLand]

Nene: Phew... Another hard workshop...
Emu: Oh, Nene, let's sing a song that'll turn your frown upside down!
Nene: We did enough singing today, so I'll pass...
Tsukasa: I understand how you feel. We were given quite an earful today regarding our singing...
Tsukasa: But it was also an incredible experience. I mean, THE Natalia Santi was our teacher today.
Nene: And her lesson was so detailed.
Nene: She went over everything from emotional expression to breath control...
Nene: It was really amazing how she was able to go around to all of us and give everyone good advice.
Tsukasa: Yes, it was.
Tsukasa: Speaking of her, Nene, you seemed to spend a lot of time talking to her.
Nene: Huh?
Tsukasa: Remember how we broke off into groups to practice that song? I couldn't quite make out what you two were saying from my corner of the room, but...
Emu: Yeah, I also saw you two talking!
Emu: Ms. Natalia was smiling so much! But you looked like a nervous robot, Nene!
Nene: Of course I was nervous. Who wouldn't be while talking to Natalia Santi?
Tsukasa: So, what did she tell you?
Nene: So, she told me that I had a good understanding of the song, and that I did a good job of channeling my feelings into it.
Tsukasa: Oh, and that's coming from a renowned actress...! Congratulations!
Emu: Hehe♪ After all, she is Wonderlands×Showtime's famed songstress!
Nene: Y-You guys are blowing things way out of proportion...! She went over what I was missing too, all sorts of stuff...
Nene: Still, to be fair, I'm glad she did.
Tsukasa: Of course. The workshop is far from over, after all. Things you're missing now are things you can grow into.
Emu: She taught us some good training regimens too, so let's do our best together!
Nene: Yeah, you guys are right.
Nene: But I really need to study more...
Emu: Study? Are you talking about singing?
Nene: No, English...
Nene: We were able to communicate thanks to the interpreter they had present...
Nene: But I would have liked to be able to speak with her directly. Little nuances can be so important for acting, and singing too.
Emu: Yeah, it's really important to be able to picture if you wanna be ba-bam or more tra-la-la!
Nene: I'm not sure about your choice of words... But yeah, that about covers it. It's just even harder to express in English.
Tsukasa: *Nod* We will need to have good language skills in the future.
Tsukasa: If we're serious about performing around the world, then that's something we won't be able to avoid.
Nene: Hmm...
Tsukasa: What is it? Why the look of surprise?
Nene: No, what you just said reminded me of our trip to the United States.
Nene: It feels like you've grown a lot from that time when you tried to just bulldoze your way through conversations.
Tsukasa: If I have, it's precisely because of that experience.
Tsukasa: I do still believe that gumption and enthusiasm can take you far. However, that incident was a painful lesson in the importance of vocabulary even so.
Tsukasa: Getting to meet these teachers from abroad is a golden opportunity for us. Perhaps the time has come for us to grapple with English in seriousness!
Emu: Yeah! I wanna work harder on my English, too!
Emu: I wanna learn more about how amusement parks are run overseas!
Nene: You two sound really motivated.
Nene: So, once this workshop is over, why don't we start holding some study sessions for English and stuff?
Tsukasa & Emu: Yes! Yeah!
Nene: (English, huh...)
Nene: (Come to think of it, Shiraishi and Shinonome did a lot of studying before going over to the United States.)
Nene: (I might ask them what they did to prepare after they get back.)
(Black cut)
