1206_Nene Kusanagi_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Skill name: Festival Birthday!
Gacha phrase: I got a really special treasure.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Nene: Um...
Nene: (This is the time they told me to get here... I wonder what Miku and the others are up to?)
Nene: (Huh? Was that a buzzer?)
Miku's Voice (Miku-WxS): Happy birthday to you♪ Happy birthday to you♪
Nene: Oh...
Miku's Voice (Miku-WxS): Happy birthday, dear Nene♪
Everyone: Happy birthday to you♪
Nene: Thanks, everyone.
Rin (WxS): Hehehe☆ Happy birthday, Nene!
Len (WxS): “And now that our star's arrived, let's begin our adventure!”
Nene: A-Adventure?
KAITO (WxS): “There's a special treasure that appears in this world only once a year, My Lady.”
Miku (WxS): “But that treasure only shows itself to people who are celebrating their birthday.”
Luka (WxS): “Tell me, My Lady, do you know anyone whose birthday is today?”
Nene: (Hehe, so that's what this is. I guess I'm playing a lady.)
Nene: “I do, in fact. Today is my birthday.”
MEIKO (WxS): “Oh, is that so? How lucky!”
KAITO (WxS): “Would you lend us your aid in locating this special treasure?”
Nene: “Of course. Let's find that treasure together!”
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len (WxS): “According to the map, the treasure appears inside the ruins deep within this town.”
Miku (WxS): “Okay! Let's pass through the town... Huh?!”
Nene: Huh? That's...
Plushies: “This is our town! We won't let any strangers in!”
Rin (WxS): “Oh no! How are we to get to the ruins now?!”
Luka (WxS): “You know... I've heard that the plushies of this town all love to sing.”
Nene: “Sing?”
Luka (WxS): “That's right. Maybe if we sing for them, they'll let us through♪ Would you help us?”
Nene: “Okay, I will.”
Nene: ————♪ ——————♪
(Black cut)
KAITO (WxS): “You're very talented, My Lady. It seems the plushies enjoyed your performance, too.”
Miku (WxS): “Yeah! They even said they'd show us where the treasure is as thanks for such a lovely song!”
Nene: “Hehe, thank you.”
Len (WxS): “Look, everyone! There's something on that door further in!”
Nene: “Huh?”
Len (WxS): “What is this? It looks like a square frame with tiles of different colors...?”
Nene: “Oh... It's a sliding puzzle. You move the tiles around to make a full picture.”
MEIKO (WxS): “I see. Maybe the door will open if we solve this puzzle.”
Rin (WxS): “But that sounds really hard. Can you solve it?”
Nene: “Hmm, I can't say for sure... But I'll give it a try.”
(Black cut)
Nene: (I didn't realize it when we arrived, but this is the Wonder Stage. They built this set just for this show.)
Nene: (Ah, these pieces line up. Which means I can bring these over here, and...)
Nene: “There. How's that?”
Miku (WxS): “Wow, the door opened! You did it, My Lady!”
Rin (WxS): “Look, there's something there! Could it be the treasure?!”
Nene: “Is this the treasure you've been looking for?”
Luka (WxS): “Yes. This is the special treasure that shows itself only once a year!”
KAITO (WxS): “We couldn't have found it without you. Would you care to do the honors?”
Nene: “I'd be happy to. Here goes... One, two...”
Nene: Is this...a card? Ah...
Nene: It says “Happy birthday, Nene!” Is this...
Miku (WxS): Hehehe, it's a birthday card from all of us☆
Len (WxS): There's a surprise inside, too! Open it up!
Nene: A surprise? Ah! Something popped out!
Luka (WxS): We asked Emu to make a pop-up card for us.
Rin (WxS): Me and Luka did the drawing of you! And we all wrote messages, so be sure to read them!
Nene: Thank you all so much...
Nene: For this, and the treasure hunt show too... This has been so much fun.
MEIKO (WxS): We had a lot of fun, too! I'm so glad we were able to celebrate your birthday, Nene.
MEIKO (WxS): But this isn't the end of the festivities, right?
Miku (WxS): You're having a party with Tsukasa and the others tonight!
Nene: That's right. I'll be going to a summer festival with some friends before that, though.
KAITO (WxS): Hehe, what a packed schedule. You work hard at practice every day, so I hope you can relax and enjoy yourself today.
Nene: I will!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Nonogi Park]

Nene: The meetup spot should be right around...
Emu: Heeey, Nene!
Nene: Oh...
Nene: Sorry, everyone. Did I keep you waiting?
Minori: Not at all! Airi and I just got here a tiny bit ago!
Nene: Okay, that's good to hear.
Honami: I've been looking forward to today for so long. Let's all have plenty of fun together.
Nene: Yeah!
Nene: I never thought I'd be spending my birthday with so many people.
Nene: Thanks for reaching out to everyone, Emu. And looking up everything about the festival, too.
Emu: Hehehe! I was just doing my duty as the leader of the Nene Birthday Squad!
Shiho: Yet another new squad...
Emu: Yeah, because you, and Honami and everyone else, are all here to celebrate Nene's birthday☆
Minori: That we are! We'll celebrate with everything we've got, Captain!
Nene: Hanasato...
Emu: Now that our special guest has arrived... Let's go to the festival☆
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Festival Grounds]

Emu: Here we are!
Airi: I'd heard this festival was on the smaller side, but there are a good number of stalls set up.
Minori: They all look so much fun, I can't decide where to go first. Is there anything you want to do, Nene?
Nene: Hmm...
Nene: Oh, that shooting booth looks like fun.
Shiho: Shooting, huh? There's no line right now, so sounds good to me.
Emu: Yay! Let's have a rooty-shooty contest!
(Black cut)
(Place: Shooting Booth)
Honami: Oh...I missed again. This is harder than it looks.
Minori: I haven't hit a single target either!
Airi: It never goes where I want it to. Maybe I'm holding the gun at the wrong angle.
Shiho: Look at that. Kusanagi's on a streak...
Nene: There... That's four.
Emu: You're awesome, Nene☆ You're like a real sniper!
Nene: You're exaggerating. I've just been aiming at the easy targets, that's all.
Airi: She's right, you're amazing! We haven't even hit anything.
Shiho: Is there some trick to it?
Nene: Hmm... I guess just make sure you line the gun up properly with your sightline. That's how a sniper would do it.
Minori: Ooh, I see! Like this, Master Kusanagi?!
Nene: Raise the barrel a tiny bit... Right, like that. Now aim just above the prize you want.
Minori: Hah! Wow, I hit it!
Emu: Wow, that was great☆ Teach me too, Nene!
Honami: Me too.
Nene: Okay, sure.
Shiho: You're really good at teaching, Kusanagi.
(Black cut)
(Place: Yoyo Fishing Stall)
Minori: Ooh, look! I got a water balloon yoyo!
Nene: I got one too... Huh? I think we got the same pattern, Hanasato.
Emu: Wow, look at that! I wanna match with Nene, too!
Airi: Why don't we all aim for the same pattern? It can be proof of the bonds of the Nene Birthday Squad♪
Honami: That's a lovely idea. Let's do it!
Honami: Let's see, the same pattern as Kusanagi's...ah, there. It's small, but if I can just hook it...
Honami: Ah...!
Emu: So close! You almost had it!
Shiho: Your hook slipped at the last second. But your line didn't snap, so you can try again.
Nene: You can do it, Mochizuki!
Honami: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Emu: Ta-da! My very own matching yoyo☆
Airi: Good job, Emu! Now we all have matching yoyos.
Minori: Operation Match With Nene is a success!
Minori: I know! Why don't we all take a photo together?
Nene: That sounds nice. I'll be in the back...
Emu: Everyone, surround Nene and get in real close!
Nene: Ah!
Minori: Okay, let's get everyone in the frame... Perfect. Here goes! Say cheese!
(Black cut)

[One hour later]

Honami: I think that's the last stall we wanted to check out.
Minori: Yeah! Those caramel apples we got sure were tasty.
Nene: I could tell you were debating getting a second one, Hanasato.
Nene: Um, well, this seems like a good time to wrap...
Emu: Not so fast!
Nene: Huh?
Emu: We just so happen to have a surprise for you! Ready, everyone! One, two!
Emu: Happy birthday, Nene!
Airi, Minori, Honami & Shiho: Happy birthday!
Nene: Oh... Thanks, everyone.
Minori: Aaand... Here, Nene! This is a present from me and Airi!
Airi: It's a beige beret. We thought it would really suit you, so we hope you'll wear it.
Nene: A beret... Thank you very much. I'd never think to buy one for myself, so I'm really happy you got it for me.
Honami: We actually have a present for you too, Kusanagi. Here—it's a stainless steel water bottle.
Shiho: It's easy to carry, so it'll be handy during practice or when you're running.
Nene: Oh, thanks. It's really light, too. I'll start using it tomorrow.
Emu: And last, from me! With all my wishes for us to keep up the good work...!
Emu: It's a matching knitted kitty pouch☆
Nene: Oh, this is just like the one you have. The kitty embroidery is so cute...
Nene: Let's keep up the good work, Emu.
Nene: Thanks so much for today. Going around the stalls with everyone, even getting presents... It was so much fun.
Airi: Hehe. I'm glad you had a good time.
Minori: You're having a party with Tsukasa and the others after this, right?
Nene: That's right. He said to message him when we leave the festival.
Airi: You're really enjoying the day, huh? Be sure to make lots of fun memories.
Nene: Thanks very much. And thank you too, Mochizuki, Hinomori. I had lots of fun hanging out.
Honami: I had lots of fun, too. Let's hang out again soon.
Nene: Yeah. I hope Hoshino and Tenma can make it then, too.
Emu: Ah, Nene! I got a message from Tsukasa! He wants us to come to this address!
Nene: Okay. Looks like we should go, everyone. Thanks again, and see you soon.
Minori: See you! Bye bye!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rental Room]

Nene: Wow. Tsukasa rented a pretty big room for this...
Nene: Huh?! The lights—
Tsukasa & Rui: Happy birthday, Nene!
Ichika & Saki: Happy birthday!
Nene: Huh?! Hoshino? Tenma?! What are you doing here? I thought you had plans...
Ichika: Hehe. We finished faster than we thought. And Saki said that if we hurried, we could still make it to your party.
Saki: I messaged Tsukasa, and said we'd be joining last-minute!
Tsukasa: What a surprise, right?! A birthday is best with as many surprises as possible, after all!
Nene: You don't get to take credit for it.
Nene: I'm really glad you two could make it. Thank you both.
Rui: And with Nene here, I believe it's time we get this party started.
Tsukasa: Indeed! If everyone could gather around the cake!
Emu: Wow, it looks so tasty! Look at all the grapefruit on top!
Nene: Wow, you're right. Did you all prepare this too?
Tsukasa: That's right! We wanted it to be a cake you would love, so we looked for one made with grapefruit.
Rui: We also have birthday candles and tiny sparklers. Also regular fireworks, if you prefer.
Nene: Uh, no thanks. But...
Rui: But?
Nene: You guys got this space, the cake...you even decorated for me.
Nene: So...you know. Thank you.
Tsukasa: No need to thank us. Today is the birthday of a dear friend and comrade, after all!
Rui: That's right. This is your day, Nene. Please let us celebrate you in every way we can.
Nene: Okay!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000470/bg_s000470.webp)
Kohane: Happy birthday, Kusanagi. Emu sent us the photos from the festival. It looks like you all had a great time!
An: This one of you all with matching yoyos really feels like a snapshot of youth! I hope I can join you all next time.
Akito: We saw one of you at the shooting stall, too. There's something about your eyes in that one... You look super focused, like a sniper.
Toya: I don't have much experience with shooting booths... But I might be able to take you on in a video game. I hope we'll get a chance to try soon.
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Kusanagi!
Kanade & Ena: Happy birthday!
Kanade: I heard about the festival trip from Ms. Mochizuki. It sounds like you had fun.
Ena: You summer babies are lucky, getting to go to festivals for your birthday. There's never much exciting going on around my birthday, so I'm a bit envious.
Mizuki: Sounds like it'll be a great memory!
Mizuki: Oh, right, Kusanagi! I got you a present, so I'll visit your class to give it to you! As for what's inside... You'll find out when you get it♪
Minori: Once again! Happy birthday, Nene!
Airi: I'm really glad we got to hang out. If you're free, let's grab a bite together sometime♪
Minori: Ooh, I want to join! I found a cafe that serves grapefruit juice the other day. And it's all fresh-squeezed!
Minori: I'm sure you'd like it, Nene! Let's all go together soon!
Ichika: Everyone ready? One, two, three!
Ichika: Happy birthday, Kusanagi!
Saki, Honami & Shiho: Happy birthday!
Honami: I'm glad we could celebrate your birthday with you. And I'm very glad you liked your present, too.
Shiho: We were just hanging out today, but I hope we can make it to one of your shows sometime soon.
Saki: Yeah, I wanna go! I really love your singing voice, Nene! It's so beautiful!
Ichika: I feel the same way. And as an actress, you're so good at putting emotion into it... I feel like I learn so much watching you.
Ichika: Happy birthday again, Kusanagi. Now that your training schedule has settled down, let's practice singing together again sometime.
Emu: Neneee! Happy happy birthday!!! I had so much fun hanging out with you today!
Tsukasa: It sounds like the show in SEKAI was a big success, as well. I hope it's been a very memorable day for you.
Rui: It seemed like you enjoyed the cake and decorations, and the surprise magic show too.
Emu: Yeah, Nene was super smiley the whole time! It made me all happy, too!
Tsukasa: Of course! Let us continue to spend our days together, overflowing with smiles, just like today!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nene: Thank you all for celebrating my birthday with me.
Nene: I put on a show with Miku and the others, went to a festival with friends...and even had a birthday party thrown for me. Today has been so much fun.
Nene: After getting all these smiles from everyone, I'll have to repay them plenty.
(Black cut)
