130-7 Under the Surface (Shizuku Hinomori)

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[???]

Shizuku: This is so strange... I didn't realize new areas could just suddenly appear in SEKAI...
Luka (MMJ): Isn't it incredible? We couldn't believe it either when we first discovered it!
Rin (MMJ): We wanted to tell everyone right away, but we couldn't find Miku and the others...
Rin (MMJ): Which is why we came over to tell you about it, Shizuku!
Shizuku: I see.
Shizuku: Also, if you had trouble finding them, then they may be here already.
Rin (MMJ): Oh, good point...! Do you think we'll find them if we walk around for a bit?
Luka (MMJ): In that case, let's explore while also keeping an eye out for them, shall we?
Shizuku: Hehe. Yes, let's.
Shizuku: Oh, it's happening again...
Rin (MMJ): You mean the rain that isn't rain?
Luka (MMJ): It hasn't been coming down all that hard, but it's been on and off for a little while now.
Shizuku: Yes, but these droplets don't feel wet whatsoever. Actually, they're a little warm for some reason...
Rin (MMJ): Oh, I know what you mean. They feel all warm and cozy.
Luka (MMJ): Which means it isn't your normal kind of rain. And do you think this pond was created by it...?
Rin (MMJ): If you're right, then it also won't make us wet.
Luka (MMJ): Yes, that is a possibility.
Luka (MMJ): Why don't you try sticking your hand in, Rin...?
Rin (MMJ): What?! Why me?!
Luka (MMJ): I don't mind doing it, but you sounded more interested in finding out♪
Rin (MMJ): Y-Yeah, I'm curious... But also a little scared...
Shizuku: Then, I'll do it.
Rin (MMJ): What?! A-Are you sure?!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000313/bg_s000313.png)
Shizuku: Yes. As far as I can tell, this looks like ordinary water, but I'm sensing nothing ominous about it. There even seems to be something sparkling at the bottom.
Shizuku: This SEKAI was born out of our feelings, so I'm convinced that there's nothing dangerous about it...!
Rin (MMJ): Yeah... And that rain didn't feel bad or anything either...
Rin (MMJ): But you gotta tell us if something happens, okay?!
Luka (MMJ): And we'll dive in to help if you fall in!
Shizuku: Thank you. Then, here I go...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Luka (MMJ): Huh? This light...
Rin (MMJ): Whoa! All the light from the lake's gathering around Shizuku!
Shizuku: Wh-What's going on...? It feels so warm and...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin's Voice (Rin-MMJ): Sh-Shizuku?!
(Background change)
Shizuku: Huh? Where am I...?
???: Great show today, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Wait, that's...!
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you for coming again today. And I really appreciate you seeing me out like this.
Shizuku: (Huh? Is that me...?!)
Fan: No, it's my pleasure! I really wanted to tell you how much I liked your performance!
Fan: And you put on another absolutely astonishing show today! Your singing and dancing were so perfect... I really admire you...
Fan: I can't do what you do, Shizuku, but I always think about how hard you work and what I can do to become more like you whenever things aren't going well for me.
Shizuku: (That's right. This person has followed me wherever I went since I debuted...)
Shizuku: (She even said that her favorite thing to do was come see shows at the theatre since it wasn't very big. It gave her a chance to see me right up close.)
Shizuku: (But why am I being sent back to this time all of a sudden...?)
Shizuku: (Why this memory...?)
Fan: But I've noticed that Cheerful * Days hasn't been doing as many shows at the theatre after becoming more well known.
Shizuku: (...!)
Fan: Of course, I'm happy that more and more people have started following Cheerful * Days...
Fan: I do feel a bit conflicted since I've been following you from the very beginning...
Fan: But that doesn't mean I'm going to stop cheering for you! So, please keep doing your best...!
Shizuku: (Back then, I did what I could to put on the best performances I could at the theatre, and I always looked forward to seeing that person there...)
Shizuku: (But our group's popularity just kept rising after that. We had no choice but to reduce the number of performances we did there in order to accommodate our other offers for work...)
Shizuku: (As a result, that person... She started only coming to see us every once in a while.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (Right. As our group became more famous, more and more people like her started feeling like they were getting left behind. That's been lingering in the back of my mind for so long...)
Shizuku: (That's why I'm so afraid that the same thing is going to happen to MORE MORE JUMP!)
Shizuku: Huh...? The light's flashing again...
(Background change)
Shizuku: Th-This is...! Our solo show...?
Shizuku: Wh-What am I doing here...?
Airi: Alright, this is just the beginning! Try to keep up, you guys...!
Shizuku: Louder, everyone! Louder!
Haruka: Until you lose your voices!
Shizuku: Why am being shown this now?
???: Shizuku!!! You're the best!!!
Shizuku: Huh...? That voice...
Fan: (I don't care if I can't see you at that theatre anymore. I don't care that the current you is different from the person I saw in Cheerful * Days...)
Fan: (I'm your fan because I know how hard you work to stand on that stage.)
Fan: (No, I abandoned you once, so I have no right to call myself your fan. But I'm going to keep cheering for you as long as I live. So...)
Fan: Please let me keep supporting you!
Shizuku: You came to see our show... I had no idea...
Shizuku: I ended up causing you so much pain... And yet, you were willing to keep cheering for me...
Shizuku: Thank you. For understanding what we're trying to do...
Shizuku: Thank you so much...
(White cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rin (MMJ): Wow... You really got to see what that fan of yours was thinking while you were engulfed in that light?
Shizuku: I did.
Shizuku: Actually, before you two came over to get me, I was talking to Saito about how we may end up disappointing our oldest and most loyal fans as our group's activities evolve.
Shizuku: But... I feel much better after hearing her thoughts.
Shizuku: Even if what we do changes, as long as my determination doesn't, my thoughts will reach everyone.
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. I agree. Also...
Luka (MMJ): You're so strong, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Strong? Me...?
Luka (MMJ): Yes. I mean...
Luka (MMJ): Despite the current you being very different from the Cheerful * Days you, you've never once given up on trying to reach your fans, yes?
Shizuku: I've never given up...?
Rin (MMJ): Yeah.
Rin (MMJ): A lot about you has changed, but that hasn't. You've been able to get everyone to understand what you're thinking and feeling.
Rin (MMJ): Which is why I agree. You're such an incredibly strong person.
Rin (MMJ): So, as long as you keep doing that, you should be totally fine moving forward!
Shizuku: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saito: I wouldn't worry about that.
Saito: Because everyone in MORE MORE JUMP! is really amazing. You, in particular, Shizuku...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (Now I see...)
Shizuku: (That must've been what Saito was trying to say to me earlier...)
Shizuku: What happened when I was still in Cheerful * Days may still end up happening to us. As things change moving forward, we may end up disappointing our fans...
Shizuku: But...
Shizuku: Spreading hope to them will still remain our priority. We aren't going to stop reaching out to them...
Shizuku: We'll continue trying until they understand.
Rin (MMJ): Yeah, and we'll be rooting for you all!
Luka (MMJ): We're very much looking forward to seeing how things unfold for MORE MORE JUMP! in the future!
???: Huh? Shizuku?
Rin (MMJ): Huh? That sounded like...
Haruka: We didn't know you were also here.
Shizuku: You're all here too...!
Rin (MMJ): Oh, thank goodness! We've been looking all over for you guys!
Luka (MMJ): To be fair, we were sort of exploring at the same time♪
Len (MMJ): Actually, I think we were all sort of doing the same thing just now.
MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. It seems that way.
KAITO (MMJ): But we still haven't seen Minori or Miku anywhere. We thought they were with you.
Luka (MMJ): Oh, now that you mention it, we haven't seen them either.
Rin (MMJ): What do you think they're doing right now?
Shizuku: Hmm...
(Black cut)
(Video: link_idol_ed3)
(Black cut)
