9-4 A New Year For Idols

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): Five! Four! Three! Two! One!
Miku & Rin: Happy New Year!
Miku (MMJ): Thanks for coming to our New Year's Eve Countdown Show!
Rin: We're going to work hard to deliver even more fun to everyone in the new year, so stay tuned!
(Black cut)
Miku (MMJ): Rin, our first show for the year went so well!
Rin: Yeah! I'm happy everyone liked it♪
Minori: Miku! Rin! Happy New Year!
Haruka: Your New Year's Show was incredible!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, Minori! And Haruka!
Airi: We made it too!
Rin: Airi and Shizuku! You came too!
Shizuku: Thank you for everything you did for us this past year. You two really helped us out.
Airi: And this year, we're gonna dazzle as idols, so I hope you'll be there for us then too!
Miku (MMJ): I'll be looking forward to that!
Rin: Same! Let's dance and sing our way through this year too!
Minori: Oh, and this may be a bit out of the blue, but I have a favor to ask you two...!
Miku (MMJ): A favor?
Rin: Hm? Sure, ask us anything♪
Minori: Really? Thanks!
Minori: So the thing is...
(Black cut)
Minori: And in the end, we decided to make a video.
Airi: But we want our fans to see us at our best, so we'd like to rehearse first.
Haruka: Which is why we'd like you two to help.
Miku (MMJ): Of course I'll help! What sort of video are you making?
Airi: Just us having fun and doing New Year's stuff is the plan!
Rin: New Year's stuff?
Shizuku: Yeah. We brought traditional games from home, like blank faces for Fukuwarai and Poetry Cards for Hyakunin Isshu Karuta.
Shizuku: I thought a video of us playing these together would be fun.
Rin: Yeah! I bet it would be!
Miku (MMJ): Okay, we'll help you record an amazing video for your fans!
Minori: Thank you so much!
(Black cut)
Airi: Alright, let's get everything set up! But fair warning, I'm pretty good at these kinds of card games!
Shizuku: I'm not very good at card games but...  I think I'll be okay at Fukuwarai.
Airi: Shizuku playing Fukuwarai... I've got a bad feeling about this...
Shizuku: Huh? Why?
(Black cut)
Haruka: Okay, the camera's all set up.
Haruka: Let's try a test shoot.
(Black cut)
Airi: Hi everyone and a Happy New Year! We've got something special for you today! Here's how MORE MORE JUMP! celebrates the New Year!
Airi: First, we'll play Karuta. Haruka, would you mind being the reader?
Haruka: Yes, no problem.
Shizuku: Okay, we'll have Rin and Airi compete against Miku and Minori.
Rin: Let's give it our best, Airi!
Airi: Yep! We're going to win for sure, Rin!
Minori: Uh... This isn't really my kind of game... I'm sorry if we lose because of me, Miku.
Miku (MMJ): No pressure, Minori! Let's just try to have fun♪
Minori: Okay, that I can do!
Haruka: Alright, let's lay out the cards.
Minori & Rin: Okay!
(Black cut)
