wonder_01_18 The Path to the Greatest Show

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

(White cut)
(Background change)
Ex-Classmate: What the... I'm not doing something that dumb. Don't you have any better ideas?
(White cut)
Ex-Classmate: Are you having a laugh trying to get us hurt?
(White cut)
Ex-Classmate: I've had enough of you and your stupid shows.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama Street]

Rui: .....
Rui: What is this, an ambush? I'm sorry, but I'm not changing my mind.
Tsukasa: I need to show you something.
Rui: Whatever it is, it won't make a difference. Like I said, I don't want to stage shows with you ever agai—
Emu: Now! I got him!
Nene: Uh... Here!
Rui: What are you doing, Emu? And you too, Nene?
Emu: Do it, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Good job! Rui, I'm going to show you...my true feelings!
Rui: ?!
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rui: You brought me here again?
Miku (WxS): Hello, everyone! Tonight we have a special performance guaranteed to put a smile on your face♪
KAITO: Are you ready to put on a good show for the audience?
Tsukasa: I couldn't be more ready!
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): Once upon a time, there was an eccentric traveling theater troupe♪
Miku (WxS): There was an attention-craving showman, a stubborn clown, and a songstress too shy to sing in front of people!
Miku (WxS): The oddball group staged many shows, but they never managed to attract an audience!
Miku (WxS): Then one day, as they were traveling through a forest, they encountered an alchemist who was performing a show all alone.
Troupe Leader (Tsukasa): “What an incredible performance! If you joined us, our troupe would make a name for itself at last!”
Alchemist (KAITO): “Who are you?”
Troupe Leader (Tsukasa): “I am a showman, and I could use your help to put on wonderful shows!”
Troupe Leader (Tsukasa): “I promise that our spectacles will be a joy to see and a joy to perform in!”
Alchemist (KAITO): “You wish to make shows with me? I see. I suppose I could help you out a little.”
Clown (Emu): “Yaaay! Welcome to our troupe!”
Songstress (Nene): “But will I...find the courage to sing?”
Rui: Nene...
Miku (WxS): The alchemist made a doll for the shy songstress, which carried her voice even as she hid behind the stage.
Miku (WxS): He also constructed various contraptions such as a machine which could produce lightning, a stage with jets of air, and even an enormous dragon!
Miku (WxS): Alas, their performance came to an abrupt end when the singing doll broke in the middle of it!
Troupe Leader (Tsukasa): “What a shameful fiasco! It's all your fault!”
Miku (WxS): The showman was so overwhelmed with disappointment that he blamed the rest of the troupe, and their previous joy and excitement turned to sorrow.
Miku (WxS): They all left, each going their own way.
Miku (WxS): The showman suddenly felt very lonely. He remembered how much he enjoyed preparing the show with the rest of the troupe...
Miku (WxS): His thoughts were interrupted by the appearance of a cute fairy.
Fairy: “Why were you making shows? Wasn't it because you wanted to make people happy?”
Rui: !!
Troupe Leader (Tsukasa): “How could I have forgotten...”
Miku (WxS): The showman remembered the first time he saw a theatrical performance, and regretted the way he treated his troupe members.
Troupe Leader (Tsukasa): “I've always wanted to become a star like the actors in the first show I saw. I wanted to be a star so that I too could make people as happy as I was then.”
Troupe Leader (Tsukasa): “It was very important to me, but I forgot it along the way. I shall never forget it again!”
Troupe Leader (Tsukasa): “What I want is to make people smile. I want to perform with my troupe again!”
Rui: .....
Miku (WxS): The showman sincerely apologized to the rest of the troupe and they agreed to come back...all except the alchemist, who didn't believe him.
Miku (WxS): The alchemist was convinced that the showman didn't care so much about theater, as about becoming a star.
Rui: .....
Miku (WxS): Yet, the showman didn't want to give up his hopes of convincing the alchemist to return. He resolved to try a different approach...
Miku (WxS): He made a play just for the alchemist. After the passionate performance, he spoke to him.
Troupe Leader (Tsukasa): “It's true that it's my dream to become a star. A star who brings joy to everyone!”
Troupe Leader (Tsukasa): “To me, a star is someone who delights the audience as much as his fellow performers with the most wonderful shows!”
Troupe Leader (Tsukasa): “Please, believe me this time! With our next show we can spread joy to everyone around us!”
Tsukasa: Won't you join my troupe again?
Rui: .....
KAITO: What do you think the alchemist said?
Rui: What do I think? This is your role...
KAITO: No, I am just a stand-in. How the play goes from here has yet to be decided.
Rui: .....
Rui: Did you think you could express your feelings better through a performance?
Tsukasa: Yes, as a matter of fact I did!
Tsukasa: Theater has given me so much. I've seen shows which stirred my feelings, shows that filled me with enthusiasm! They made me dream of starring in shows like that myself!
Tsukasa: That's why my feelings can be communicated most clearly through a show!
Rui: .....
Tsukasa: Rui! Let's make shows together again! Please!
Rui: .....
Rui: ...Heh.
Rui: Wonderful shows...which delight both the audience and the performers, hmm? I like the sound of that.
Rui: But a passionate monologue alone isn't enough to move an audience.
Tsukasa: .....
Rui: Let's think of how to make your performance more expressive, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Huh?
Nene: Do you mean...
Emu: You mean...
Tsukasa: Rui...
Rui: Oh, do not misunderstand. I am not Rui.
Rui: I am the alchemist.
(Black cut)
