3 Celebration Show! MORE MORE JUMP!

1 [mc] mc_release_03_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Rin)
Minori: Don't give up on your dreams, Minorinrin♪ Here's a bouquet of hope for you! Hello! I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
Rin: Whoa! That Minorinrin♪ part was super cute!
Minori: Really? I'm pretty fond of it myself too. Oh, and actually, I have more...
Minori: Hope, step, jump! A slam dunk of hope is coming your way! Oh, hi, everyone!
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Airi: Why slam dunk, though? You're gonna just ram all that hope straight into their heads or something?
Shizuku: I thought it sounded cool. Maybe I'll try it too. A slam dunk of hope is coming your way!
Haruka: Hehe. It would've been a pretty nice catchphrase if Minori had any basketball experience.
Minori: I see... Makes sense. Thank you, everyone! I've learned something new today!
Airi: Let's stop thinking about catchphrases for a while and start practicing.
Rin: Ah, I'll be the audience, then!
(Exit: Rin)
Airi: Since we're practicing on a stage in this SEKAI, we should go all out as if this was an actual show!
Minori: Okay! I'm ready!
Minori: Is everyone ready too? Then let's go!


2 [MUSIC] 10: Happy Synthesizer

3 [mc] mc_release_03_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Minori: Hm? There are more glow sticks than usual today?
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
Miku: Hello, everyone! I'm Miku!
Shizuku: Oh, Miku! You're here too?
Miku: Yeah. Because I wanted to sing with everyone!
Minori: Miku, is it just me, or are there more glow sticks than usual today? What does it mean?
Miku: These glow sticks lights represent people's feelings.
Rin: Hehe! And they've all gathered here today because they want to listen to your song!
Haruka: If that's true, then it's very encouraging. Are they all still watching?
Airi: Then we have to live up to their expectations as idols! So let's go for one more song!
Rin: Let's do it!
Minori: Yeah! We'll make this the best performance they've ever seen!
Airi: "Ready!"
Shizuku: "Ready!"
(Exit: Rin)


4 [MUSIC] 57: Newly Edgy Idols

5 [mc] mc_release_03_3

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
Minori: *Huff*... *Huff*... This is amazing! The glow sticks moved and swayed along with our song!
Minori: This is what a real show feels like!
Miku: Anyway, it's time to close the show with some farewell messages.
Minori: What? Stage farewells?! But I've never done that before!
Haruka: It's okay. Just watch us.
Shizuku: Everybody, thank you for listening to us today.
Airi: As a new group, we still fumble sometimes, but we'll give you the best show ever someday!
Haruka: Together, we'll overcome any obstacles that come our way. So please keep watching over us.
Haruka: Your turn, Minori.
Minori: O-Okay!
Minori: We'll practice! More, more! In order to be able to give everyone more hope for a better tomorrow. So, please...
Minori: Please keep giving MORE MORE JUMP! your support!
Haruka: Please keep giving MORE MORE JUMP! your support!
Airi: Please keep giving MORE MORE JUMP! your support!
Shizuku: Please keep giving MORE MORE JUMP! your support!
Minori: Um... Did they hear us?
Rin: Don't worry! I'm sure they did!
Miku: Hehe. I can't wait to see what kind of idols all of you turn out to be!
Minori: Thank you so much for today!
Rin: See you!
