8 Haruka's Birthday Show 2021

1 [mc] mc_bd_haruka01_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Rin)
Shizuku: Okay, let's try it one more time.
Minori: 1, 2, 3...
Minori: Haruka!
Airi: "Happy birthday!"
Shizuku: "Happy birthday!"
Rin: Hey!
Rin: You all finally came! We've been waiting for you, you know!
Minori: So, just remember to say it after I count to three!
Airi: Hey, I think she's here!
(Enter: Haruka)
Haruka: Minori, sorry I'm late! Homeroom session just kept dragging on and on...
Haruka: Huh? What... Where is she?
Haruka: She told me she wanted to practice here with me today. Did I get the location wrong?
Minori: 1, 2, 3!
Minori: Haruka!
Minori: "Happy birthday!"
Airi: "Happy birthday!"
Shizuku: "Happy birthday!"
Haruka: Huh?! You guys!
Haruka: Oh. It's my birthday. Thank you for remembering. I wasn't expecting a surprise celebration, though.
Airi: Come on, we're in the same group now, aren't we? It's only right for us to do this!
Shizuku: Minori was the one who suggested a surprise celebration, and we've all been making preparations secretly.
Minori: Yup! And we're going to perform for Haruka today!
Minori: Remember that song you gave me advice on the other day? I've been practicing it with Miku!
Haruka: Minori... Thank you.
Haruka: But can I join you guys?
Minori: You want to join us?
Haruka: I'm only able to stand on the stage like this today because you gave me a helping hand.
Haruka: So I'd love to sing with you today. Especially today.
Minori: Haruka! Yes, let's sing together! No, let me rephrase that. Please allow me the honor of singing together with you!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. So that means the three of us! Time to sing, Minori! Haruka!
Minori: Are you ready? Then let's go!


2 [MUSIC] 73: Near

3 [mc] mc_bd_haruka01_2

(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: All of you sounded great, I was moved to tears!
Haruka: Thank you. I never thought I'd ever be able to perform on stage during my birthday again.
Haruka: So thank you, everyone, for helping me make a comeback as an idol. I hope we can keep singing together for a long time to come.
Minori: Of course! We'll work hard to make that happen! Oh, and we have one more present for you...
Shizuku: Yes, we have a cake, actually. Haruka, you like sweets, right? Shall we eat it together?
Airi: I know you usually refrain from food like this, but at least pamper yourself a little on your birthday.
Haruka: Hehe, you're right. I'll eat all the cake I can take today.
Minori: I'll cut the cake! Wait, we should pass out the party poppers before that!
Rin: We're going to pop some confetti together? That sounds fun! Give me a popper too!
Miku (MMJ): I'll have one too! Let's pop them all together on three!
Minori: Okay, 1, 2, 3!
Haruka: Hehe. Thank you, everyone.
Haruka: I enjoyed myself very much. Thank you.
Haruka: Please...
Haruka: Please give Haruka Kiritani from MORE MORE JUMP! your support, now and forever♪
