9 First Star After the Rain After Show (event_1)

1 [mc] mc_ev_band_01_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
Honami: Okay, it's Ichika's turn next. Is there anything you'd like to hang out and do together?
Ichika: Um, you're kinda putting me on the spot, but maybe...watch some fireworks?
Shiho: Fireworks, huh. It's been a while since I've seen any. Maybe we can go to that fireworks display next week.
Saki: I'm totally up for it! Oh, but wait!
Saki: Let's think this through. We can always play with fireworks at the park ourselves! No need to rush your decision, Ichika!!
Ichika: "Say again?"
Honami: "Say again?"
Shiho: "Say again?"
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Miku)
Luka: Hey, what's everyone talking about?
Honami: We're trying to decide what to do.
Miku: Oh, that's nice. Have you decided on something already?
Ichika: Not yet because Saki's not being herself.
Saki: Huh?! What makes you say that?
Shiho: Because you're being too calm today. You're usually the first to agree to doing just about anything.
Saki: Oh come on! Like you guys said, "There's no need to hurry."
Saki: Right now, you're looking at an all-new and improved Saki who's cool, calm, composed, and super patient!
Miku: Oh... So you don't mind if we postpone our practice session to another day, then?
Saki: Wait, no! We can't postpone it! We have to do it today!
Luka: Hehe, that's more like the Saki we know.
Miku: Well everyone, shall we comply with Saki's request and start our practice right away?
Ichika: "Yeah!"
Honami: "Yeah!"
Shiho: "Yeah!"


2 [MUSIC] 64: Stella

3 [mc] mc_ev_band_01_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Saki: Sigh. Playing this song makes me realize how much this all means to me.
Honami: Why?
Saki: Well, the time we spent apart, and the time when we couldn't talk properly with each other... I feel like that was all leading up to the way we are now.
Saki: What I'm trying to say is... I'm the happiest person in the world at the moment!
Ichika: Heh. I see. I'm glad you feel that way.
Honami: Hm? Is it just me, or is something sparkling over there?
Shiho: Yeah. We saw them before, didn't we? I think they're called...feeling sparks or something?
Luka: Yes. Someone must have heard your performance and felt the same way Saki did.
Saki: Hehe! That's awesome! Hey all you sparklies out there, let's be happy together♪
Shiho: Why don't we practice some more, then? That way, you'll feel happier for longer.
Saki: Oh no... Shiho the drill instructor strikes again!
Shiho: We'll start from the top and focus on that part where our rhythm was off. Is everyone ready?
Saki: Y-Yes, ma'am!
Miku: Hehe. Looks like everything's fine now. Shall we join them, Luka?
Luka: Yes, we should!
