18 Welcome Show! Vivid BAD SQUAD

1 [mc] mc_release_04_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
An: Let's start with something simple to warm up our voices before the practice session. What song do you want?
Kohane: Um, h-how about that one? The song you were singing at Weekend Garage on the night I first visited...
An: Oh, that one! That sure brings back memories... Not that it was that long ago, but still.
Kohane: Hehe. I can understand why you feel that way.
Kohane: After hearing your song, we met at the shop, and then... A lot of other things happened between then and now.
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
Rin: Hey, if it isn't Kohane and An! Are you going to sing?
An: Yup. Just to warm up before practice.
Len: In that case, can we join in as well?
An: You don't even need to ask! Can you start right now?
Len: "Sure thing!"
Rin: "Sure thing!"
An: Then what're we waiting for? Let's start!


2 [MUSIC] 26: BRING IT ON

3 [mc] mc_release_04_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Rin)
Kohane: Phew... Thanks for singing with us, Rin and Len.
Len: No problem! Okay, we have to go to MEIKO's cafe now. You should drop by too if you have time!
Rin: Bye now! See you at the cafe!
(Exit: Len)
(Exit: Rin)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
Kohane: Ah! Shinonome, Aoyagi! You came with Miku?
Miku (VBS): We bumped into each other just now. Good to see you too, Kohane and An.
Kohane: Hi! We wanted to do some warm-ups before practice started.
Akito: That'd better mean you're all good to go.
An: What about you?
Toya: We're fine. We can start anytime.
Kohane: Hehe. We've been singing together like this a lot more often lately, haven't we?
Akito: Of course we have. We're supposed to be a group. Although, it's still entirely possible that the group may be disbanded if you end up dragging us down.
Kohane: Seriously?!
An: Don't take him seriously. You're my singing partner and I couldn't have asked for anyone better! Be more confident!
Kohane: I will! Thank you, An.
Miku (VBS): Shall we start, then?
An: Yes! Let's do it!


4 [MUSIC] 54: Ready Steady

5 [mc] mc_release_04_3

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
An: Oh, that was so much fun! Feels like we were in way better form than usual, too!
Toya: It felt like we were spurring each other on while singing.
Akito: Yeah. But that's the least we should be able to do for each other as a team.
Kohane: Um, everyone? I see a lot of lights over there. What are those?
An: Hey, you're right! They're sparkling and swaying!
Miku (VBS): Those are feeling sparks.
Miku (VBS): Your song must have reached someone out there through SEKAI.
Kohane: I see... I don't know who these people are, but I'm glad they liked our music.
(Enter: MEIKO)
MEIKO: Hey, there you are! Have a good practice?
MEIKO: I made sandwiches, in case you're feeling hungry. Drop by the cafe for some if you'd like, okay?
An: Yay! Thank you, MEIKO! By the way, what sort of sandwiches are we talking about here, exactly?
MEIKO: All sorts! Egg, tuna, even tomato and lettuce.
An: T-Tomato?!
MEIKO: Oh my. You don't like tomatoes?
Akito: What the heck? You can't eat tomatoes at your age?
Toya: You can't eat carrots either, Akito.
Akito: Sh-Shut up, Toya!
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Come on, everyone, let's all head over to MEIKO's cafe.
