26 Welcome Show! Wonderlands×Showtime

1 [mc] mc_release_05_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Tsukasa: We're here like KAITO asked, but what could he possibly need from us?
Emu: Maybe he bought too much candy and wants to share some with us?
Rui: Or maybe he obtained a jetpack and wishes to test it on Tsukasa!
Nene: Haha. Come on, be serious, you two.
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku: Yaaay☆ Everyone's here♪
KAITO: Hello. I'd like to introduce all of you to a new friend, today.
(Exit: KAITO)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Hi, everyone! I'm Rin!
Tsukasa: Wait, what? Kagamine Rin?!
Rin: KAITO told me all about your group! You're always performing super fun shows together, right?
Rin: I wanna see one of your shows!
Tsukasa: I see, so this was the favor KAITO needed from us.
Tsukasa: Hmph. A true star would never turn down a request from an impassioned fan. So let's do it!
Miku: Me! Me! Me! Tsukasa, I wanna join in too!
Tsukasa: Very well, you may! The show will begin shortly! Is everyone ready?!
Emu: "Yeah!"
Nene: "Yeah!"
Rui: "Yeah!"


2 [MUSIC] 51: The World Hasn't Even Started Yet

3 [mc] mc_release_05_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: That was awesome! Everyone was amazing!
Tsukasa: Ha ha ha ha! Yes, of course we are!
Nene: Whatever. Don't let it get to your head.
Miku: Hey, I know☆ Rin, since you're joining us, why don't you do a show together with them too?
Emu: That's a great idea! What does everyone think?!
Rui: Well, watching a show from the audience is a different type of enjoyment to performing on stage yourself, after all.
Rin: So I can?! Yaaay, thanks!
Tsukasa: Excellent! Looks like the second act is ready to go! Let's begin!
(Exit: Miku)


4 [MUSIC] 41: Sweet Magic

5 [mc] mc_release_05_3

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Thanks, everyone! That was sooo much fun!
Rui: Hehe. I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Tsukasa: Yes! Our shows are supposed to put a smile on everyone's faces, after all!
Rin: We did! Let's do a fun show together again some time!
(Exit: Rin)
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Miku)
Tsukasa: Ah, we had such a good show today! Let's keep this momentum going and make all our other shows as good as this one too! Ha ha ha ha!
Emu: Oh wow! Look at all those sparklies around the stage! Hey! There are sparklies over there, too! So many of them!
KAITO: Those are feeling sparks.
KAITO: Someone out there must be watching your show through SEKAI and smiling at the performance.
Emu: Oh, okay! In that case...
Emu: Hello, everyone! Thanks for watching our show! We have lots of other great shows waiting in the wings, so please join us next time too♪
KAITO: Thank you all for doing this for Rin today.
Miku: Yup, yup☆ Let's perform together again someday!
Emu: Absolutely♪ Oh! How about tomorrow? Or how about we perform something else right now?!
Nene: Now you're starting to get ahead of yourself...
