27 Welcome Show! Nightcord at 25:00

1 [mc] mc_release_06_1

(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Miku)
Kanade: I thought I might find you here.
Mafuyu: Kanade and Miku. Why are you here?
Kanade: You seemed a bit out of it when we talked on Nightcord, so I was worried.
Mafuyu: I'm fine. Everything is the same as always.
Mafuyu: I went to school, talked with my friends and teachers, and had dinner with my parents at home.
Mafuyu: Then I went online and we made songs together.
Mafuyu: Yes. Same as always. But...
Kanade: But...something didn't quite feel right?
Mafuyu: That may be it. But, I don't know for sure.
Miku: Maybe...a song will help.
Miku: By singing out loud the feelings you can't put into words.
Kanade: A song, huh. I don't know if that'll work for us, though. What do you think, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: I don't mind trying.
Kanade: Okay. Then let's sing together.


2 [MUSIC] 67: Jishoumushoku

3 [mc] mc_release_06_2

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
Ena: There they are. Kanade, Mafuyu, it's already almost 25:00, you know?
Mizuki: We were worried because neither of you were signed into the chat.
Miku: Sorry. We were just singing.
Mizuki: Huh? Singing? The three of you?
Miku: Yes. We thought that a song might help us work out whatever was bothering Mafuyu.
Mizuki: Huh. In that case, can we join in on the next song?
Ena: Excuse me? By "we," do you mean I have to join too?
Miku: Okay. Thank you. Can they join us, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Sure. Whatever...
Kanade: Thank you, Ena and Mizuki. Let's sing again.


4 [MUSIC] 60: Composing the Future

5 [mc] mc_release_06_3

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
Ena: What are those lights over there? They're swaying and sparkling so brightly. Were the lights always there?
Miku: Those are feeling sparks.
Miku: Maybe your song has reached someone out there through SEKAI.
Kanade: I see... And if those people who heard our song felt some relief from it, then maybe it was worth it.
Miku: How do you feel, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Nothing's changed.
Kanade: I see...
Mafuyu: That was all for nothing.
Ena: Excuse me? We didn't go along with the song just to hear you put us down like that.
Mizuki: Calm down! At the very least, I had a lot of fun singing together with everyone♪
Kanade: Mafuyu... I don't think it was all for nothing.
Kanade: It wasn't enough this time, but I know music is important to you.
Kanade: I'll keep composing. So let's sing together again, when we have another chance to.
Mafuyu: ...Okay.
Mizuki: Hey, shouldn't we be heading back soon?
Miku: See you later, everyone.
Kanade: See you later, and thank you, Miku.
Kanade: Everyone else, see you on Nightcord.
