36 Akito's Birthday Show 2021

1 [mc] mc_bd_2020akito_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
Toya: Akito, over here! Hurry up!
Akito: Huh? What is it? What's with the rush?
Len: Ah, he's here! Get ready, Rin, Kohane, and An!
Toya: Akito, happy birthday to you.
Kohane: "Happy birthday!"
An: "Happy birthday!"
Akito: Yeah, thanks.
Rin: What?! He's not surprised at all?!
Akito: I more or less guessed this had to be it when Toya asked to meet without saying what for.
Toya: Hm, I see... So I could have made you happier if I had just done my part better...
Akito: Come on, I'm not that disappointed. Anyway, there's no need to throw a surprise party at all, right?
Toya: I figured it's pretty dull to do the same thing every year. That's when Len proposed doing a surprise one instead.
An: Sheesh, you could've at least pretended to be surprised just to indulge your partner a little. Right, Kohane?
Kohane: Oh, but I don't think Shinonome knows about the other thing yet. Right, Aoyagi?
Toya: Right. Akito, we actually have another surprise for you.
Akito: Really? What other surprise?
Toya: The one thing I can do is sing, so I'm going to sing for you.
Rin: Hey, look! There are so many sparks of feelings gathering over there!
Len: Yeah! They must be here for Akito, right?
Akito: For me?
Toya: I'm sure they are.
Toya: Akito, will you listen to my song along with the rest?
Akito: You're singing solo?
Toya: Hm? Yes, I intend to.
Akito: Then, let me join in too.
Akito: You can't expect me to just sit around doing nothing when you're singing.
Akito: So let me sing too. Together.
Toya: Akito... All right. Let's sing together.


2 [MUSIC] 69: Fragile

3 [mc] mc_bd_2020akito_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
Akito: Heh! Nothing beats the feeling of singing with you.
Toya: Yes, that felt good to me too.
Len: You guys were in perfect unison!
Akito: Course we were. Toya and I are partners. Always have been, and always will be.
Kohane: Hehe. I hope I can sing like that with An soon.
An: Well, I'll admit you guys did great, but we're pretty good too.
Akito: Let's try it then. We're on a roll and can sing for as long as you want to prove yourselves.
Rin: Hey, can we continue this in MEIKO's shop? I think Miku's waiting for us there too.
Len: Yeah! They've been preparing for the party there.
An: Okay. Let's go, then!
Akito: Hey, Toya.
Akito: Thanks. For celebrating my birthday with me this year too.
Toya: Of course. We're partners, after all.
Akito: Yeah, that's right.
Akito: Thanks for coming here to celebrate my birthday with me this year.
Akito: Come again next year...if you feel like it.
