38 Singing in Sync After Show (event_6)

1 [mc] mc_ev_street_01_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
An: All right! Now we can finally show everyone the results of our intensive training, Kohane!
Kohane: Yes! All that practice has made us much better since the battle event for sure.
An: That's right. We'll show everyone that we've moved on from then!
Akito: They're finally starting to behave more like a team. Toya, let's give it all we've got too!
Toya: Yes, of course.
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Kohane: Oh, Miku! MEIKO!
MEIKO: After hearing about how hard you've all been practicing, I can't wait to see you in action today.
Miku (VBS): Come on, show us what you got.
Kohane: Okay, will do!
An: Kohane, do you remember what I told you before?
Kohane: Yes. When you're in danger of slipping up, I'll be the one to cover for you.
Kohane: Because I'm your partner.
An: Kohane... Thank you. I know you've got my back. And I won't be disappointing you either, partner!
An: Now let's show 'em what we're really made of!
MEIKO: I'm rooting for you.
An: Let's start!


2 [MUSIC] 55: Forward

3 [mc] mc_ev_street_01_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
An: I've never felt better!
An: Hey everyone, are you feeling the heat?!
An: Good... So that means our song did a great job pumping up everyone out there!
Kohane: Yes! I hope we can keep this up until the next event too.
Toya: Both of you were perfectly in sync. I had a great time singing together with you.
Akito: With us around, how could they not be?
(Enter: MEIKO)
MEIKO: You sang amazingly well, everyone! Leaps and bounds better than the last time we heard you.
An: After losing at STAY GOLDEN, we've been practicing every day until night time, and I think our hard work paid off!
Miku (VBS): Ah. That must be why your performance feels like it's one level higher than before.
An: One level higher, huh? The battle event has really helped us be able to face each other properly.
An: And I think we've become true partners now.
Kohane: I feel the same way. The event was the turning point. It made me want to put in even more effort so that I can be a fitting partner for An.
An: Thank you, Kohane... Thanks for supporting me all this time!
Kohane: And thank you for supporting me too, An!
Miku (VBS): Hehe, keep at it, everyone.
MEIKO: So, is anyone feeling thirsty? How about dropping by my cafe for a refreshing drink or two?
An: That sounds great! Let's go!
Kohane: Okay!
Kohane: U-Um... And everyone out there, thank you very much too!
An: We may have just started our journey, but one day we're going to throw an event that'll surpass even RAD WEEKEND! We hope you'll be there to support us!
