39 Shizuku's Birthday Show 2021

1 [mc] mc_bd_2020shizuku_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Rin)
Shizuku: Look at that. The glowsticks are out in full force today too.
Minori: Maybe they're all here to celebrate your birthday together?
Haruka: See, the glowsticks are swaying in agreement.
Shizuku: Thank you for coming here today, everyone.
Shizuku: Having so many people celebrate my birthday for me is such a blissful feeling.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Shall we start the birthday party now?
Rin: But Airi's not here yet.
Shizuku: It can't be helped. She said she had family matters.
Minori: Shizuku...
Haruka: She said she'd try to make up an excuse so she could make it here, but I guess—
(Enter: Airi)
Airi: Shizuku! Sorry I'm late!
Shizuku: Airi?! I thought you had family matters to attend to?
Airi: Don't worry! It's all been settled!
Airi: It's your birthday, after all. How can your longest friend in the group not be present for it?
Shizuku: Oh, Airi...
Minori: This is great, Shizuku!
Shizuku: It is!
Airi: Although... I'm sorry, but I didn't have enough time to prepare a present.
Airi: I'll make it up to you at another time. Is there anything you want me to do?
Shizuku: Well... I'd like for us to sing together.
Shizuku: Remember the song we were practicing together with Miku? I'm hoping we can show it to everyone here today.
Airi: That's all you want? You have no ambition. But I guess that's part of what makes you, you!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Shizuku's in charge today, so if that's what she wants, I'll celebrate by singing together with her too!
Haruka: The rest of us will be cheering you on, then.
Minori: "Yeah!"
Rin: "Yeah!"
Shizuku: Thank you, Miku, Haruka!
Shizuku: Now, let's sing!


2 [MUSIC] 71: Patchwork Staccato

3 [mc] mc_bd_2020shizuku_2

(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Rin)
Shizuku: Thank you, Miku and Airi.
Shizuku: Singing together with Airi is like a dream come true.
Shizuku: I'm so happy I didn't give up being an idol.
Airi: Shizuku...
Shizuku: Minori, and everyone out there, thank you for cheering us on!
Minori: Hehehe! No probs!
Miku (MMJ): Now let's wish Shizuku a proper happy birthday together! Airi, on your cue!
Airi: Got it! Are you all ready?
Airi: Happy birthday, Shizuku!
Minori: "Happy birthday!"
Haruka: "Happy birthday!"
Miku (MMJ): "Happy birthday!"
Rin: "Happy birthday!"
Shizuku: Thank you all so much...
Shizuku: As an idol...
Shizuku: As Shizuku Hinomori from MORE MORE JUMP!, I'll keep moving forward with everyone together!
Airi: Don't be silly, of course you will! We're only at the starting line!
Minori: That's right! So let's move forward together, Shizuku!
Haruka: And we can definitely do it if we stick together.
Rin: You have our full support too!
Miku (MMJ): Yup. Anytime you need help, we're here for you.
Shizuku: I know! Thank you, everyone!
Shizuku: This has been a blessed birthday for me because I got to spend it with all of you.
Shizuku: Airi, Minori, Haruka, and I will keep striving to do better, so please give us your support.
