50 Shiho's Birthday Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021shiho_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Shiho: Thanks for practicing with me today, Luka.
Luka: I'm the thankful one here. You're all getting good, so it's fun to play together.
Luka: Hehe, I'm sure your mentoring was a great help to them.
Shiho: No. It's because they've all been practicing on their own.
Shiho: Ah, you're done practicing too?
Saki: Yup! Let's start playing together now♪ But wait, before that, there's something more important!
Shiho: Huh?
Saki: Everyone, loud and clear! Shiho...
Ichika: "Happy birthday to you!"
Saki: "Happy birthday to you!"
Honami: "Happy birthday to you!"
Miku: Hehe, Shiho looks so surprised.
Shiho: B-Because nobody said anything about it at all. I thought you forgot or something...
Saki: We would never! We're going to be hanging out with each other for a long, long time to come, you know. Right, Ichi?
Ichika: Yes. We want to sing a song for you, together with Miku. That's what we were practicing just now.
Honami: I think it's the most polished song we've ever played to date. Would you please play it together with us?
Shiho: All right. Show me just how polished this song is, then.
Saki: You got it!


2 [MUSIC] 3: Teo

3 [mc] mc_bd_2021shiho_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Miku: Having Shiho's bass really makes a great difference in the performance.
Luka: Yes. So what do you think, Shiho?
Shiho: Hm... It was good. I really started to enjoy myself as I was playing.
Saki: Whoa!
Saki: Did you hear that, everyone?! Shiho complimented us!
Shiho: Hey, stop it. Don't make this awkward.
Honami: Hehe. All those secret practice sessions were worth it.
Shiho: Have you been staying back to practice after I leave?
Saki: Yeah. All of us wanted you to acknowledge our playing as quickly as possible!
Ichika: I know we've still got a ways to go, but I hope you don't mind waiting for us.
Shiho: Oh, you girls... In that case, I won't be holding back either, so you'd better be ready.
Luka: By the way, didn't you say you wanted to go to Shiho's favorite ramen shop together after the song?
Saki: Oh yeah! Shiho, this meal's on us! Feel free to order as many of your favorite toppings as you like!
Shiho: Really? I'll ask for all the toppings available, then.
Shiho: Miku and Luka, thank you for today.
Miku: No problem.
Luka: Let us hear your fantastic performance again soon.
Shiho: We will.
Shiho: And everyone out there too. Thank you. Today was pretty fun.
Shiho: See you.
