52 My Color! After Show (event_11)

1 [mc] mc_ev_idol_02_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Luka: Wow, that's a lot of people.
Miku: Yup! I think they're all really happy that you're here Luka!
Luka: Aww, thank you. I'm happy to be here too♪
Shizuku: Luka, Miku!
Luka: Oh! All four of you are together today?
Shizuku: Yes. We're here to thank you for your help.
Haruka: Shizuku told us all about how you taught her something very important.
Airi: So we wanted to thank you too. In person. Thanks, Luka!
Luka: Hehe, it's no problem at all.
Luka: Thanks to that, I've been able to confide some secrets to Shizuku as well.
Haruka: Secrets?
Miku: What secrets?
Luka: Well now, they wouldn't be secrets if I told you, would they?
Minori: What! Now you've gotten me all curious...
Luka: Hehe, don't tell anyone, okay, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Hehe, not another soul.
Airi: Hmph.
Miku: Oh? Is something wrong, Airi?
Haruka: Don't tell me you're jealous of how close Shizuku and Luka have become?
Airi: Jea... Y-You have got to be kidding me!
Airi: Anyway, Shizuku! Hurry up and get to the point already!
Shizuku: Oh, right.
Shizuku: Miku, we would like to perform a song for Luka to thank her for her help. Would you like to join us as well?
Miku: I'd love that! And I'm sure everyone here will be happy to listen in as well.
Luka: Hehe, sounds like they can't wait any longer all right♪
Luka: Also, is it okay if I join in the fun too?
Shizuku: Of course! Let's all sing together.
Shizuku: Everyone, please listen to our song.


2 [MUSIC] 89: Color of Drops

3 [mc] mc_ev_idol_02_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you, everybody!
Shizuku: And you too, Luka. I want to keep showing people who I truly am.
Luka: That's the way. Don't let that bright smile of yours ever fade.
Airi: Yeah. I'm in full agreement with that.
Airi: The best accessory for an idol is a big, bright smile!
Shizuku: Yes!
Haruka: We should discuss what to do for our next stream soon.
Haruka: Let's see what we can do for our fans too.
Minori: Yeah! Let's give it our all!
Shizuku: We'll do whatever we can do to give even more hope to every one of you here as well.
Shizuku: But we'll need your continued support to help us make that happen!
