55 Nocturne Interlude After Show (event_12)

1 [mc] mc_ev_street_02_1

(Enter: Toya)
Toya: Aaaah.
Toya: Okay, that's enough vocal exercises.
Toya: Oh... You're all here again.
Toya: I think you'll find our performance today quite a bit better than before.
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
An: Hey, Toya! You came straight here without dropping by the shop first?
Toya: Yes. Sorry for not letting you know. I just felt like singing all of a sudden.
Kohane: Hehe, you're really motivated!
Miku (VBS): I'm glad you're feeling better now.
An: Yeah! And your singing is sounding so much better than before, too.
Toya: I see. That's good to know.
An: Before, your singing felt like it was kind of supporting me...
An: Now, though, it feels like it's pushing me to greater heights!
Kohane: Yes! Singing with you now makes me feel like I can sing even better! Like I can totally do it, that kind of feeling!
Toya: ...I see. I'm glad to know you feel that way.
Toya: But in truth, I'm the one getting pushed to greater heights with everyone's support. So, thank you.
(Enter: Akito)
Miku (VBS): No problem.
An: Well, the one who gave you the strongest push has got to be—
Akito: Sorry, been waiting long?
Akito: I've already done my vocal warmups, so we don't have to... What's going on? Why's everyone looking at me?
An: It's nothing. Just thinking about how you sure know the right time to make an entrance♪
Miku (VBS): Right? I guess that's why they're singing partners.
Akito: Huh?
Toya: Akito, I know it's sudden, but can we sing something right now? I've been wanting to sing with you since morning.
Akito: That so? Then let's sing our usual number.
Toya: Sure. I hope everyone enjoys the song too!


2 [MUSIC] 69: Fragile

3 [mc] mc_ev_street_02_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
Akito: Well, that went pretty well.
Akito: What did you all think? Especially Toya's singing. Don't you think it sounded a whole lot better than before?
Miku (VBS): It's true. It really feels like he's giving you that extra push.
Toya: .....
Akito: What's wrong, Toya? What are you thinking about?
Toya: No. It's nothing.
Toya: I'll repay you with my singing instead of words.
Toya: Thanks again, Akito.
Akito: Not sure what that was all about, but if you say so.
Akito: Let's get back to practice!
Toya: Yes, let's start now. I feel like I could sing all night!
Toya: Are you two ready?
Kohane: "Ready!"
An: "Ready!"
Toya: Thanks for listening too, everyone.
Toya: To achieve our dream, we'll keep evolving and getting better. So please come listen to us again next time.
An: What he said! We'll be waiting for you!
Kohane: See you at our next performance!
