56 Kanade's Birthday Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021kanade_1

(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Miku)
Mizuki: Whoa, that's a lot of people!
Ena: Kanade's birthday party is going to be a lot of fun with so many people around!
Mizuki: Come on, let's get ready before she shows up♪
Miku: Meaning...?
Ena: I brought party poppers!
Mizuki: Too bad we didn't manage to get any for Mafuyu's birthday.
Mizuki: Hey! Why don't we celebrate Mafuyu's birthday again today?
Mafuyu: No, it's fine. Anyway, Kanade should be here soon.
Mizuki: Oh, right! All of you out there, when we count to three, say "Happy birthday" as loudly as you can!
(Enter: Kanade)
Miku: Ah... It's Kanade.
Kanade: Everyone's already here?
Ena: Yup! It's your birthday today, after all. Come and stand in the center here!
Kanade: You really didn't have go to all the trouble...
Ena: Well, we wanted to, so there! Come on, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Got it♪
Mizuki: Let's go, everyone! 1, 2, 3!
Ena: "Happy birthday!"
Mizuki: "Happy birthday!"
Mafuyu: Happy birthday.
Miku: Happy birthday, Kanade.
Kanade: Thank you...
Kanade: And thank you all, too.
Kanade: It's been a while since I celebrated my birthday.
Kanade: And face-to-face with other people, too. This would've been completely unthinkable a while ago.
Kanade: It's all thanks to Miku and this SEKAI.
Mafuyu: .....
Kanade: Mafuyu, do you still remember?
Kanade: What I said during your birthday... About how grateful I was that you were born, and that we're making songs together now.
Mafuyu: Yes. I remember.
Kanade: I'll definitely keep my promise. I'll make a song that can save you one day.
Kanade: So, is it okay if we sing the song that was born from your feelings again? Now, together?
Kanade: I want to sense your feelings again.
Mafuyu: Okay.
Miku: I want to sing too.
Mizuki: Hey, count us in!
Ena: Can we join, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Sure. Whatever.
Kanade: Then let's sing.
Kanade: "Composing the Future."


2 [MUSIC] 60: Composing the Future

3 [mc] mc_bd_2021kanade_2

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Miku)
Kanade: Thank you for singing along.
Kanade: I've thought about just disappearing sometimes too, so that song really hits me hard.
Kanade: But these are Mafuyu's feelings. So I'll accept them all. Now, and in the future.
Mafuyu: Okay.
Kanade: Thanks for today too, everyone.
Kanade: I'm only able to keep composing if there are people listening.
Kanade: I hope our songs have touched you in some small way.
Kanade: We'll keep making songs together. Please keep giving us your support.
Kanade: Okay, I should get back to work now.
Ena: Huh? You're leaving already?
Mizuki: Why don't you take things easy just for today? We want to celebrate a bit more for you too.
Kanade: No. You've already done enough for me.
Kanade: Miku, you too. Thank you.
Miku: I had fun.
Kanade: See you later...
