64 Airi's Birthday Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021airi_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
Airi: Thanks for coming, everyone!
Airi: I never thought I'd be having a show on my birthday... Thanks for all your support!
Airi: Since everyone is already here, I thought why don't we have a birthday fan meet up. What do you guys think?
Minori: Yes! Let's do it!
Airi: Why are you the one who's the most excited?
Miku: We'd love to join in too!
Haruka: Let's all have some fun!
Minori: So let's get to planning♪ Here we go!
Minori: "Tell us♪ something nobody knows about you, Airi!"
Haruka: "Tell us♪ something nobody knows about you, Airi!"
Shizuku: "Tell us♪ something nobody knows about you, Airi!"
Rin: Yay♪
Shizuku: As the title suggests, this is a project where I'm going to ask you about things about yourself that no one else knows.
Airi: But, I don't know what the questions are, right?
Rin: Exactly, because it's about what nobody knows about you, we want you to answer genuinely♪
Miku: Alright, Airi. Are you ready?
Airi: Yeah. I'm ready when you are!
Minori: Let's do it then! The first question is...
Minori: Do you remember the names and faces of your fans?
Airi: Names are hard to remember, but I think I remember most of their faces! Because all of my fans are important to me!
Haruka: On to the second question! Do you have a favorite motto?
Airi: <I'm going to win against yesterday's me!> I'd say. It's my goal to keep growing every day!
Minori: Wow, that's so cool!
Miku: Let's keep going! Question 3! How did you get your name?
Airi: I'm pretty sure it was from... The "Ai", which means love in the sense of wanting to love and be loved...
Airi: Plus the "Ri" from my mom's favorite actress' name, which together becomes "Airi."
Miku: Oh, I see! That's a nice origin♪
Rin: Next! Question four! If you were born again, what would you like to be?
Airi: Hmmm... A cat, I'd say. I like them, but I can't touch them even if I wanted to.
Airi: That's why if I had to be reborn, I'd turn into a cat myself!
Shizuku: Airi, this is your last question!
Airi: Got it! I'll give you all the answers you need, so come on!
Shizuku: Okay! In that case...!
Shizuku: What did you have for dinner last night?
Airi: Huh...? Let's see... Mixed rice and broiled fish.
Shizuku: Goodness, that sounds really delicious! Airi's father is a really good cook, isn't he?
Airi: Well, it's not like he hasn't been a homemaker for many years...
Airi: Hold on a second! Was that really the last question?!
Shizuku: Well, when I thought of things I didn't know about you, what you eat daily came to mind.
Minori: Good thinking, Shizuku! You two really have known each other for a long time!
Airi: Yes, but...! I mean, it's not...!
Haruka: Hehe. That's all for <Tell us♪ something nobody knows about you, Airi!>
Rin: Come on, guys! Next up is the show you've all been waiting for♪
Airi: I wasn't sure what to sing, but...
Airi: I thought it would be good to have a song that was born from the feelings of the four of us, expressing our desire to do our best to become "idols" in our own way.
Airi: So once again, I'm bringing this song to you all!
Airi: Newly Edgy Idols!!


2 [MUSIC] 57: Newly Edgy Idols

3 [mc] mc_bd_2021airi_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
Airi: How was that? Did you all have fun?
Rin: It was so much fun, right!?
Miku: Well then, let's celebrate together again♪
Shizuku: Yes!
Shizuku: Airi!
Minori: "Happy birthday!"
Haruka: "Happy birthday!"
Shizuku: "Happy birthday!"
Airi: Thanks, guys!
Airi: ...
Shizuku: Airi.
Airi: Everyone! Thank you... Thank you so much for coming to my birthday fan meet today!
Airi: I'm so proud to be standing in front of you as your idol!
Airi: Next year, we'll do this again... Actually...
Airi: Next year, I'll do my best to show you an even more powerful Airi Momoi!
Airi: So please keep supporting me♪
