69 Resonating with you After Show (event_20)

1 [mc] mc_ev_band_03_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Saki: Alright! Let's have another great practice session today!
MEIKO: Oh? Shiho, you're here!
Shiho: Yes. Sorry for always being unable to come to practice.
Shiho: There was something troubling me before, but thanks to Ichika and the others, I've made my decision.
Shiho: From now on, I'll be coming to practice sessions.
Miku: That's great to hear. I guess they got their message across.
Ichika: Yes. It was thanks to you.
Shiho: Oh... they told you.
Honami: We didn't know what it meant to be a professional, so we asked for some advice.
Miku: Having said that, we couldn't give you any great advice.
MEIKO: That's right. They thought it over themselves and came up with their own answer.
Shiho: I see... I'm sorry for worrying everyone.
Shiho: Also, I'm sorry for worrying you and the others too.
MEIKO: Ahaha, Don't worry about it!
MEIKO: Just seeing everyone gathered here makes me feel relieved. Right, Miku?
Miku: Yes, I agree.
Miku: I'm looking forward to seeing what sort of music the four of you will make from here onward.
Ichika: Our music, huh...
Saki: Just thinking about it excites me!
Shiho: Right...
Shiho: There's a song that I'd like to play today. Is that okay?
Honami: That's rare coming from you. What song is it?
Shiho: The song that was created when we were able to find our feelings in this SEKAI.
Ichika: Oh, you mean...?
Saki: You mean that song, right? Let's do it together♪
Honami: Yes!
MEIKO: In that case, let's hear you play now.
MEIKO: Miku is looking forward to it, too.
Miku: C'mon, don't tease me.
Ichika: Hehe. Well, shall we?
Shiho: Yes. Let's do it.
Ichika: Everyone, we hope you enjoy our song: "needLe"!


2 [MUSIC] 63: needLe

3 [mc] mc_ev_band_03_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Ichika: Thank you for listening!
MEIKO: That was a great performance. I feel like you've all improved, don't you think?
Honami: I don't know if we have improved, rather than we had to improve...
Saki: Suddenly being on stage, it really felt like our first show!
Shiho: But, I had a lot of fun.
Shiho: After seeing everyone giving it their all, I'm glad that we were able to perform together.
Ichika: Shiho...
Ichika: From here onward, I'm going to work harder and practice more so I can quickly catch up to you, Shiho.
Ichika: That's why, from now on, let's--
Shiho: Ichika, that's not true.
Ichika: Huh?
Shiho: I acknowledge you and the others' skills. I felt your determination, too.
Shiho: So, don't say things like you want to catch up to me.
Shiho: I'm the one who hasn't been able to keep up with everyone else.
Honami: Shiho...
Shiho: Ichika, Honami, Saki...
Shiho: Let's become professionals together and give the best performance that will touch people's hearts.
Ichika: "Yeah!"
Honami: "Yeah!"
Saki: Let's give it our best, Shiho!
Shiho: And thank you to everyone who came, too!
Shiho: One day, we'll play a song that will touch everyone's heart. Please come and listen to us perform again.
Honami: Thank you!
Saki: Please come again!
Ichika: Bye!
