72 Saki's Birthday Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021saki_1

(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Saki: Hey, everyone!
Saki: To everyone over there too, hey!
Saki: Thank you for coming to celebrate my birthday today♪
Saki: I hope to have fun with all of you at my small birthday show!
Miku: You're really fired up Saki!
Saki: Yeah! That's because it's been such a long time since I've had you guys celebrating with me!
Luka: Hehe. You were so excited that you woke up before dawn.
Saki: Ah! Ms. Luka! I told you not to tell anyone about that!
Miku: So, where are Ichika and the others?
Saki: Doing the afterparty in the classroom next door, or rather, preparing the candy store!
Luka: Oh, speaking of which, they said they wanted to use the classroom for this.
Miku: Yeah. But why a candy store?
Saki: Actually, there was a candy store that the four of us used to go to when we were little.
Saki: We said we would go again, but it closed down while I was in the hospital...
Saki: So, when I told them I wanted to go, Ichi and the others suggested that we recreate the store ourselves.
Miku: Oh, I see...
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
Luka: Welcome back. I guess you've all finished preparing the candy store?
Ichika: Yes. MEIKO helped us, so it went pretty fast.
Miku: And where's MEIKO?
Shiho: She said she'll be the staff and has been tweaking the layout.
Luka: Hehe. MEIKO likes these sorts of events.
Miku: Yeah. So we're going to start the main small birthday show over here?
Saki: Yeah!
Saki: Oh. Actually, could we wait a little bit...
Miku: Saki...?
Ichika: What's wrong?
Saki: Well... When I thought about being able to do another thing I've wanted to do, my heart was filled with joy.
Saki: Hehehe. I was so happy that I panicked.
Shiho: ...What are you talking about? You're just too happy right?
Ichika: Yeah. All this time, you've been working so hard so that you could heal, right?
Honami: And even after you've returned to school, you were so worried about us...
Honami: That's why we need you to have lots of fun.
Saki: *Sob*... You guys!
Luka: Oh dear. We haven't even started the celebration yet. Isn't it too early to start crying?
Miku: That's right, Saki. You wanted to have fun with everyone who's come to celebrate with you, right?
Saki: Yeah!
Saki: Sorry to keep you waiting! Will you join us and have some fun?
Saki: Thanks! If you want, please sing along♪
Saki: Then let's sing! Stella!


2 [MUSIC] 64: Stella

3 [mc] mc_bd_2021saki_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Saki: Thanks, everyone! That was sooo much fun!
Saki: But our performance is going to get better and better! We're going to work hard to become professionals, so please don't take your eyes off us♪
Shiho: Saki...
Ichika: I guess we all have to work hard too.
Honami: Yes, agreed!
Luka: By the way, aren't you forgetting something really important?
Saki: Something important?
Miku: We haven't said the thing that is essential for birthdays, have we?
Ichika: Oh yeah. That thing, right?
Miku: Yeah!
Miku: Hey everyone! When I say ready go, let's say it together!
Miku: Ready...go!
Ichika: "Happy birthday Saki!"
Honami: "Happy birthday Saki!"
Shiho: "Happy birthday Saki!"
Miku: "Happy birthday Saki!"
Luka: "Happy birthday Saki!"
Saki: Oh my gosh, thank you!
Saki: And thank you all, too! It's been a very long time since I had a fun birthday like this!
Ichika: We'll make sure to celebrate every year from now on to make up for the lost time.
Honami: Yes. We'll do it next year, and the year after that, and all the years after that!
Saki: Ichi, Hona... thank you! Hehehe... this feels like a dream!
Shiho: Well, if it's a dream, then it's a dream, right? In that case, you'll be the only one who won't get sweets.
Saki: W-What!? No, no, no, no, I'll eat sweets!
Luka: Come on, Saki. I'm sure MEIKO is eagerly waiting for you in the next classroom.
Saki: Okaaay!
Ichika: I guess now it's time for the long awaited candy store.
Saki: Yay! I'm gonna eat lots!
Saki: Thank you all so much for coming to celebrate with me today, everyone♪
Saki: I'm going work hard with lots of energy so that we can celebrate together again next year!
Saki: So, I hope you'll continue to support me and Leo/need!
