74 Tsukasa's Birthday Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021tsukasa_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
Tsukasa: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the stage of SEKAI!
Tsukasa: Today, I would like to hold a special show to celebrate the birthday of Tsukasa Tenma!
Tsukasa: Is what I want to greet with but...
Tsukasa: Why... Why is nobody here?!
Tsukasa: This is strange! We rehearsed perfectly yesterday and were supposed to just wait for today's performance!
Tsukasa: Hey, you guys! Where are you?!
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: KAITO)
Len: Huh, Tsukasa?
Len: Hey, you guys! Tsukasa is already here on stage, you know?
Emu: Oh, you're right! What's wrong, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: What do you mean what's wrong! We were supposed to do a special show!
Tsukasa: You guys didn't show up when it was time, so I had to do the greeting all by myself!
KAITO: Huh? But it's not time to start yet though.
Tsukasa: What?
Rui: Besides, if you did the greeting all by yourself that means you're definitely too early.
Tsukasa: W-Wait! I started at the exact time you told me to!
Emu: Oh, Tsukasa, maybe you mistook the meeting time for the show start time.
Len: Hahaha. There's no way...
Tsukasa: What!? So that was not the show start time?
Len: Whaaat! Are you serious Tsukasa?!
Tsukasa: Urgh, it's not my fault! I wanted to perform the special show as soon as possible, but I made a terrible mistake!
Emu: Oh yeah, speaking of which, Saki also did mention that you were so excited for your birthday that you woke up super early!
KAITO: I see. So I guess Tsukasa just got carried away.
Rui: Ah, brother and sister indeed.
Rui: Regardless, we're glad that you're looking forward to the special show so much. We're glad that we suggested it.
Emu: Yeah♪ Also, Miku and the others are preparing the surprise party--
Nene: Hey! Emu, sshh!
Emu: Ah!!
Tsukasa: Hmm? What did you say about Miku?
Emu: I-It's n-n-n-n-nothing! Absolutely nothing! Nothing at all, you know?!
Tsukasa: O-oh, okay...
Tsukasa: Hold on, wait... If I made a mistake and came early, then you guys must have just arrived, right?
Tsukasa: But all of you are already set. Why are you guys changing into your costumes?
Emu: That's because... W-Why is that, KAITO!?
KAITO: What!? Um...
KAITO: A-Actually, there was something I wanted to check, so I asked everyone to come early.
Tsukasa: Oh...okay...
Nene: Also, since you've already done the greeting, why don't we just start the show?
Rui: That's true. Everyone is here too.
Rui: It looks like everyone has already gathered here and is ready to go.
Emu: Let's do it! Let's do it Tsukasa♪
Tsukasa: You're right!
Tsukasa: Sorry for making you wait everyone!
Tsukasa: For today, I've prepared a special show with the help of Emu, Nene, Rui, Kaito, Len and the others!
Tsukasa: I hope you all enjoy it!
Tsukasa: Let the show begin!


2 [MUSIC] 106: As You Like It

3 [mc] mc_bd_2021tsukasa_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: KAITO)
Emu: Wow! Look, look, Tsukasa! Seems like everyone is really happy☆
Tsukasa: Indeed.
Tsukasa: I had a great time, too. I knew it was going to be a great show with you guys.
Rui: Is that so? I'm happy to hear that.
Nene: But is it okay to celebrate a birthday with a show?
Tsukasa: Of course not! In fact, I'm most happy with the show. After all, it's the shows that make the stars shine!
Nene: Good grief... In short, you're a show maniac.
Tsukasa: Urgh... What do you mean maniac?
Rui: Hehe. That was a compliment, in Nene's own way, right?
KAITO: So, shall we meet Miku and the others who are waiting outside the stage?
Tsukasa: Now that you mention it, I still haven't seen them at all today. What were they doing outside?
Len: Hehehe! That's something to look forward to when you get there☆
KAITO: All we have left to do is to say goodbye. Take it away, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Leave it to me!
Tsukasa: Thank you for coming out to see our show, guys! Because of you all, I had a great birthday!
Tsukasa: This time, we did a special show to celebrate my birthday but...
Tsukasa: Wonderlands×Showtime will continue to create shows to make you all smile!
Tsukasa: You can count on it!
Emu: See you!
