76 Toya's Birthday Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021toya_1

(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: Hmm. I wonder if the others have finished preparing yet?
Toya: It doesn't seem so. Maybe we should go back and help out?
Akito: But aren't they just decorating the cake? By the time we head over, there's probably nothing we can help with.
KAITO: I know, right? Even I got kicked out.
Akito: That's because you were snacking on it...
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
KAITO: Oh! Do you guys not have anything to do too?
Miku (VBS): Yes. Rin and Len said that decorating the cake was their job and were very enthusiastic about it.
Miku (VBS): MEIKO also learnt a new way to make marzipan, so she's having a fun time preparing it.
Toya: I see...
Toya: Oh, by the way, when I went to greet them at the store earlier, Rin and Len showed me an illustration of the finished product, and it looked kind of amazing.
An: Yeah. I mean, isn't it getting bigger and flashier by the minute?
Akito: Yes. When it was my birthday, it was cheesecake, and there was no way to decorate it...
Kohane: For my birthday, my cake had decorations and I was shocked that there were two tiers!
An: Yeah! Rin and Len showed it to me with a happy look on their faces like, "What do you think?"
KAITO: Oh, really? Then I guess this cake will be very promising!
Toya: Yes. I'm looking forward to end result.
KAITO: Alright! In that case, let's do some light exercise so that we can enjoy the cake.
Toya: E-Exercise?
KAITO: Yeah! Let's sing, dance, get hungry and go to the party! What do you think?
Toya: I see. If it's that kind of exercise, I'll be okay.
Toya: Besides, I just happen to have a song I want to sing with everyone.
Akito: Is that the one you said you wanted to sing before you came here?
Toya: Yes, it's <Ready Steady>
Toya: It's because when I sing that song, it helps me know what I want to do.
KAITO: What you want to do?
Toya: Yes.
Toya: I want to make an event bigger than RAD WEEKEND with Akito, Azusawa and Shiraishi.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. That's because that song was born from that feeling, isn't it?
KAITO: I see. Sounds great! Intention is always the most important thing.
An: Then it's settled! Let's sing!
Kohane: Yeah!
KAITO: Then, shall I...
KAITO: Join in on the fun with you guys?
Miku (VBS): Why not? We've all already gathered here anyway.
Toya: Oh, that reminds me, we still haven't greeted the audience.
Toya: Thank you for coming today, everyone.
Toya: It's a little embarrassing to have so many people celebrate my birthday with me, but...
Toya: I want to sing this song and assure my desire to keep moving towards my dream.
Toya: So, I'm going to sing with my all. I hope you all enjoy it.
Toya: Please listen. Ready Steady


2 [MUSIC] 54: Ready Steady

3 [mc] mc_bd_2021toya_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: KAITO)
Toya: Did everyone have a good time?
Toya: I see. That's good to hear.
An: Hey, since we're all here, we should do that thing, right?
Akito: Oh yes. That thing.
Toya: Hmmm? What's the thing?
KAITO: Wishing you a "Happy Birthday", of course!
Miku (VBS): Is everyone ready?
Akito: Seems like it. Alright, let's do it.
Akito: Happy birthday Toya
Kohane: "Happy birthday!"
An: "Happy birthday!"
Miku (VBS): "Happy birthday!"
KAITO: "Happy birthday!"
Toya: Thank you.
Toya: And thank you all, too.
Toya: I'm so happy that you've all shown me again that it's okay to do what I want to do.
Toya: I'll never forget what happened today, and from tomorrow, I'll continue to do my best as Toya Aoyagi of Vivid BAD SQUAD.
Toya: So I hope you'll keep watching over me.
KAITO: Well... Shall we go check on them now?
Miku (VBS): Is what you say, but don't you just want to go there to snack?
KAITO: I won't anymore. They got really angry before.
Kohane: Hehe. I wonder how the cake turned out. I can't wait!
Toya: Same.
Akito: Shall we go?
Toya: Yes. See you guys later.
An: See ya!
