77 An Ode for the Pure of Heart After Show (event_24)

1 [MUSIC] 88: Chururira Chururira Daddadda!

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_08_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Len)
Rui: Looks like everyone's in great shape today. We're all moving well.
Len: Yeah! Everyone was so cool! Also, I'm glad that you're feeling better, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Thanks! I've made a complete recovery!
Tsukasa: Speaking of which, I heard from Rui that Len also helped out with the staging for the show. I'll have to thank him!
Emu: Awww, I wanted to see Rui and the others' wedding ceremony show too!
Nene: More importantly, to think that Aoyagi and Rui would do a show together...
Rui: Speaking of which Nene, you and Aoyagi are in the same class, right? Did you guys not talk about this?
Nene: We talked about it a little when we passed each other, but that was about it.
Tsukasa: Toya is a super earnest guy, you know. You should try to talk to him more!
Nene: Um... Okay. If it's once in a while...
Emu: I want to talk to him too! Oh, I know! How about I talk to him when I visit your school again?!
Tsukasa: Hey! Don't just sneak into our school again without permission!
Len: Haha♪ But, if Emu comes to visit, I'm sure it'll definitely be a fun time!
Rui: Hehe...
Nene: Hm? What with that grin, Rui?
Rui: Oh, ever since the wedding ceremony show, I've been getting a lot of staging ideas.
Emu: Really?! Tell me, tell me!
Rui: Hehe. Of course. This is also thanks to Aoyagi and the others.
Len: Hehehe☆ Aoyagi and the others helped you out too, didn't they Rui!
Rui: Yes. I'm really grateful to them.
Rui: They're probably working hard on their own show right now too.


3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_08_2

(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Len)
Akito: Okay, that's enough vocal exercises.
Len: Speaking of which, where's Kohane?
An: Kohane told me that she has some work to do for the animal caretaker committee, so she'll be a little late.
Toya: In that case... Akito and I can practice for the show until Azusawa arrives.
Toya: I'd like to hear what the both of you think about our song.
An: Really? That's fine with me but... What's with this all of a sudden?
Toya: I was thinking to take what we learned at the wedding ceremony show and incorporate it into our performance.
Akito: We're going to incorporate that?
Toya: Yes. Even though the genres are different, it was thanks to that show that I became more aware of how to act towards the audience.
An: Wow, show me show me! That sounds interesting!
Len: Yeah! I'd love to see it too!
Akito: Well, in that case, I'll go along with you. I want to use whatever I can to get better.
Toya: Thank you, Akito.
Toya: If you all don't mind, I'd also like you all to watch us too. Is that okay?
Toya: Thank you. Then, let's sing.


4 [MUSIC] 69: Fragile

5 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_08_3

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Len)
Toya: Phew... What did you think, Len, Shiraishi?
Len: It was super cool! I mean, you guys are always cool, of course... Right, An?
An: Yeah! Your eye contact and expressions were much better than usual.
Kohane: Yes! Both of you were so cool!
Akito: ...Huh. Since when did you get here?
An: Right when you two started singing. Good thing you made it just in time, Kohane♪
Kohane: Yes!
Kohane: I was surprised when I heard about the wedding show. It's amazing how quickly you both manage to work that into your songs!
Kohane: When you two were singing, it was like you were totally into the role and not like yourselves at all.
Toya: No, I'm still trying to see and learn. I'm not as good as Kamishiro or Tsukasa.
Toya: I still have a lot to learn from them.
Akito: ...I don't really want to get involved in this, to be honest.
An: Well, now that Kohane is here, let's start practicing!
Toya: Sounds good.
