78 Wonder Magical Showtime! After Show (event_25)

1 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_04_1

(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku (WxS): I wonder how the show went. I'm so curious!
Rin: Yeah, I really want to know too☆ When's everyone getting here?
Luka: C'mon you two, let's just wait patiently. We can even take a nap while we wait, you know.
MEIKO: Haha! Good things come to those who nap, right Luka?
KAITO: If everything goes to plan, everyone will be here soon, right?
Len: I agree! Hey, why don't we go and pick them up?
Rin: Oh, good idea☆ Let's go together, Len!
MEIKO: Oh in that case, I'll come too! Luka, come join us.
Luka: Don't run too fast or you'll trip.
KAITO: Be careful, you guys!
KAITO: Huh? Are you not going, Miku?
Miku (WxS): Hmmm. I thought about going, but then I felt like I could smell the others...*Sniff*
(Exit: Rin)
(Exit: Len)
(Exit: Luka)
(Exit: MEIKO)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Emu: Hey everyone! Wonderhoy!
Miku (WxS): Oh! You guys! Welcome!
KAITO: Oh, it's like you guys swapped places with Rin and the others.
KAITO: As for the show... Hehe. From the radiant smiles on your faces, I assume it went well?
Tsukasa: Yes! Thanks to our show, we were able to stop Phoenix Wonderland from changing it's policy!
Miku (WxS): Really?! You guys did it! Congratulations!
Emu: Thank you, Miku!
Nene: Really, thank you. Because you and the others were there, it was a great show.
Rui: Yes. I was also surprised when you all made an appearance in the last scene. It was an amazing performance.
KAITO: Thank you. Rin and Len were the ones who thought of it all. But...
KAITO: I think the reason why the show was a success, was because of all of your hard work.
Tsukasa: No... The show's success is due to everyone's hard work, not just us.
Tsukasa: If either one of us had been missing, I don't think it would've turned out like this.
KAITO: Tsukasa...
Emu: Yeah! Thank you so much, everyone!
Tsukasa: Well... my presence as future star, Tsukasa Tenma, did play a big role, though!
Tsukasa: Ha ha ha ha!
Nene: Seriously, this guy has a talent for ruining moments.
Rui: It would be nice if you could keep that talent in check on stage.
Tsukasa: Hey! I heard that!
Miku (WxS): But really though, congratulations you guys!
Miku (WxS): I'm so, so glad! The feeling in my chest...it was jumpy and fluttering...
Nene: Fluttering?
Miku (WxS): That's why we should put on a show!
Miku (WxS): When something good like this happens, we've got to put on a show!
KAITO: Yes, I agree. I would love to sing with you all.
Tsukasa: Oh, you're so welcome to! I can't even begin to describe how I feel!
Rui: Hehe. In that case, let's put on a celebratory show, shall we?
Emu: Let's celebrate together, wonderhoy!
Nene: Sounds good. Let's do it!
Tsukasa: Then let's put this show on the road! Audience! Are you ready?
Tsukasa: Tondemo-Wonderz!


2 [MUSIC] 127: Tondemo-Wonderz

3 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_04_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: KAITO)
Tsukasa: Ha ha ha ha! Another wonderful show, done and dusted!
KAITO: I couldn't stop smiling! Thank you, everyone.
Miku (WxS): Oh! I guess Rin and the others are back too!
Emu: Okay, then let's do it one more time!
Nene: Alright, alright. But after we tell Rin and the others how the show went, okay? Besides, we have a lot of other things to talk about too.
Emu: Oh, you're right!
Miku (WxS): What things to talk about? Tell me, tell me!
Emu: Get this, we're going to be ambassadors!
KAITO: Ambassadors?
Rui: We will also now be doing shows outside of Phoenix Wonderland to help promote it.
KAITO: Really? That sounds exciting.
Tsukasa: Right? Right?!
Miku (WxS): We've got to tell Rin and the others♪ Let's go, you guys!
Tsukasa: Hehehe. Being an ambassador is the ultimate chance for me, Tsukasa Tenma, to spread my wings and take on the world!
Tsukasa: For the sake of a bright future, we all need to get fired up once again... Huh?!
Tsukasa: E-everyone's gone...
Tsukasa: Seriously you guys, don't just leave me behind like that!
