81 Unnamed Harmony After Show (event_27)

1 [mc] mc_ev_band_04_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
Saki: *Sigh*... We practiced so much today!
Ichika: We sure did. At this rate, I wonder if we'll be ready in time for the show.
Shiho: Yeah, there's still a lot of things we need to work on too.
Honami: Alright! Hang in there. Just a little more to go.
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
Ichika: Miku! Rin!
Miku: Hey you guys. Seems like practice is going well.
Shiho: Yes. Somewhat. Thank you for practicing with us, Miku, Rin.
Honami: Thanks to you two, we made a lot of progress.
Rin: Hehehe. I had fun helping out, too♪
Saki: Oh, hey Rin! I want to thank you too for helping me the other day!
Rin: The other day?
Saki: Yeah! You know, when I was having trouble composing?
Saki: You taught me something really important then and because of that, I was able to take a step forward!
Rin: Oh, that! I don't think I really did anything though.
Rin: But, I'm glad I was able to help you out, Sakki☆
Saki: Actually, on that note...
Saki: I have a song I want you to listen to today, Rin!
Rin: Me?
Saki: Yeah! I've been thinking about what feelings we should put into our songs as Leo/need.
Saki: And I want you to listen to those feelings!
Rin: Your feelings, huh... Hehehe, I can't wait!
Ichika: In that case, would you like to join us, Miku?
Miku: Of course! I'm ready anytime.
Ichika: To all of you who came, we hope you enjoy the song with us.
Saki: Let's pump it up all together!
Ichika: Let's do this, "From Tokyo!"


2 [MUSIC] 130: From Tokyo

3 [mc] mc_ev_band_04_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Amazing! That was so awesome!
Rin: All of your feelings really came through!
Saki: Really? Yay!
Saki: So the thing is... I have one more announcement to make.
Saki: We made our own song!
Rin: Really? That's amazing!
Ichika: Saki, hold on...
Saki: Well, we only have the melody at the moment, though.
Rin: Oh, really?
Honami: Yes. We still need to write the lyrics too.
Miku: But that will still take time, right?
Saki: Haha yeah... But, at this rate, it should be done in no time♪
Ichika: Saki, please...
Miku: Although, it sounded pretty good at the meeting the other day.
Shiho: I guess...
Saki: Yeah! I really understand now how much fun it is to make a song together!
Honami: Hehe, I can't wait to hear Ichika's lyrics too.
Rin: Oh, really? So Ichi's going to be the one writing the lyrics?
Saki: Yeah! If Ichi writes them, there's no doubt they're gonna be great!
Ichika: Saki, you're setting the bar too high...
Shiho: I can't wait to hear it.
Honami: Me too!
Ichika: You girls, too?
Saki: Actually, when we were making the song, I realized something.
Saki: I want to be in a band with you all forever!
Shiho: Saki...
Saki: If I want to become a professional, I need to put in a lot more practice. On top of that, I've only just started composing...
Saki: But, making songs has helped me gain some confidence. I feel more able to contribute.
Saki: Also, if this song can reach someone's heart...
Saki: Hehehe. I can't wait to go pro and have many people listen to my music!
Honami: How wonderful.
Shiho: And in order to achieve that, we've got to work harder than ever.
Rin: You got this, Sakki!♪
Saki: Yeah!
Saki: And everyone out there too. Thank you for always supporting us!
Saki: We still need to finish the song and practice... It'll be really tough but we'll give it our all!
Saki: So, we hope you all will continue to support us♪
Saki: Thank you! In the meantime, look forward to Ichi's lyrics!
Ichika: Saki, knock it off!
Shiho: Looking forward to some good lyrics.
Rin: We believe in you, Ichi♪
Honami: Hehe. Anyways, shall we call it a day?
Saki: Good idea! Bye bye, everyone!
