82 Star Festival Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_2021tanabata_1

(Enter: Luka)
Luka: Oh, my. I can't believe how many people showed up today. Thank you, everyone.
Luka: Speaking of which, do you know what today is?
Luka: Yes. The star festival!
Luka: Have you looked up at the night sky yet?
Luka: I wish I could see the beautiful Milky Way. Can you see it from where you live?
Luka: Hehe. Seems like some of you can.
Luka: How did you all see it? I also want to see the night sky the same way as everyone did.
Luka: Oh, that's right.
Luka: It'll be difficult to go together, but it might be possible if we go with the others.
Luka: Hehe. Then, shall we go together?


2 [mc] mc_2021tanabata_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Luka)
Airi: So, let's get started with debuting our new repertory, sung by me, Shizuku, and Miku!
Minori: Woo hoo!
Miku (MMJ): I wanted to try singing a song about love, with a bit of a mature feel to it.
Shizuku: I found it difficult to grasp the feelings of someone dear to me in the lyrics, but with practice, I learned a lot.
Airi: Same here. And it's all thanks to Luka!
Haruka: Now that I think about it, you did receive a lot of advice during practice.
Shizuku: That's right. We asked for advice from Luka on how we could express the feelings of the lyrics through our dance.
Luka: Hehehe. Well, I think the choreography, not to mention the song, has a thrilling finish.
Luka: I think even Minori and Haruka will be spellbound by the end too♪
Minori: I-It's that powerful of a song?!
Airi: You'll have to see for yourself! Wait a second... Huh?
Airi: Is it just me or did everyone get really lively here all of a sudden?
Shizuku: Oh, you're right. Hello everyone!
Luka: Since everyone is already here, why don't we let them watch our debut of the new repertory?
Miku (MMJ): Yeah, sounds good!
Miku (MMJ): Let's do it! Airi, Shizuku, are you ready?
Airi: "Yeah!"
Shizuku: "Yeah!"
Shizuku: Please join in the fun too, everyone!
Airi: Alright then, let's go!


3 [MUSIC] 121: Romeo & Cinderella

4 [mc] mc_2021tanabata_3

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Luka)
Airi: Thank you for listening, everyone!
Shizuku: I'm kind of happy that we performed this song today because it's the Star Festival⁠—the day when lovers meet.
Airi: Me too!
Miku (MMJ): Hey, hey. I want to hear what Minori and Haruka thought about it!
Minori: *Sob*...
Miku (MMJ): Huh? Minori?
Luka: Hehehe. I think it made her heart pound a little too hard, didn't it?
Minori: Hehehe. That's probably it...
Haruka: Hehe. I understand how you feel, Minori.
Haruka: My heart also pounded really fast when my favorite idol sang a slightly more mature love song too.
Airi: Oh, I've done that too!
Airi: Especially when I was a kid, I used to watch adults singing and wish I could be like them!
Minori: Yes, yes! I totally understand! Your heart really races, doesn't it?!
Haruka: But, I think you're already at the level where you can deliver that kind of excitement, Minori.
Shizuku: I think so too. If you want, we can sing the same song again!
Minori: Really?! But, I don't know if I can do it without blushing...
Airi: That's true. You were pretty weak in the "don't blush or you lose!" staring contest we did on our livestream.
Airi: Oh, I know. How about we do another staring contest where it doesn't end until we beat Haruka?
Minori: Whaaaat?! I-If we do that, it'll never end!
Haruka: "Hehehe."
Airi: "Hehehe."
Shizuku: "Hehehe."


5 [mc] mc_2021tanabata_4

(Enter: Luka)
Luka: Hehe. That was such a wonderful and thrilling performance.
Luka: I kind of feel like singing too.
Luka: Oh my. Did you all want to listen?
Luka: Thank you. Well, since you're all here, I'd love for you all to listen.
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: MEIKO)
MEIKO: Oh? Well, if it isn't Luka. What are you doing with everyone?
Luka: MEIKO! And Miku and Rin are with you too.
Luka: Everyone, I've decided what song I want to sing.
Rin: What?! A song?! Were you just about to sing?
Luka: Yes. Would you mind joining me?
Miku: If you're okay with it, then of course!
Luka: Thank you.
Luka: Please join in the fun too, everyone.


6 [MUSIC] 10: Happy Synthesizer

7 [mc] mc_2021tanabata_5

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Luka: Thank you for listening, everyone!
Luka: Thank you for joining in too, you all.
Miku: Hehe. You're welcome!
Rin: But, why did you want to sing?
Luka: Well, that's because today's the day of the Star Festival... I guess.
Luka: There's no sky nor Milky Way here, but...
Luka: There's a song that a lot of people helped us sing.
Luka: Through that song, I wanted to tell people that we are connected at any time and anywhere.
Luka: I wonder if that message got across to people, even just a little bit.
Luka: I'm glad...
MEIKO: Now then! Luka... This time, would you mind joining us?
Luka: Yes, of course. What are we doing?
MEIKO: Hehe. We're going to go see Altair and Vega!
Luka: Huh? Oh... I see. You're referring to KAITO and Len.
Rin: Bingo! C'mon, let's hurry!
Luka: Alright.
Luka: In that case, let's meet again in SEKAI, everyone!
