85 The Sounds of a Summer Festival! After Show (event_29)

1 [MUSIC] 129: Bitter Choco Decoration

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_09_1

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Miku-N25)
Miku (N25): Thank you, everyone. It was fun singing with you all.
Ena: I'm glad to hear that.
Mizuki: When you asked us to sing with you, there's no way we could say no, could we?
Kanade: So...tired...
Ena: Hey Kanade, are you okay?
Kanade: Oh... Sorry. I'm still tired from the festival...
Mizuki: So you wore yourself out?!
Kanade: Well... I was fine when I was at the festival but once I saw the event, I wanted to compose more songs so I stayed up all night and...
Ena: Wait, that's kind of amazing in a way... Maybe you have a lot more stamina than you think you do...
Mafuyu: So, were you able to compose anything?
Kanade: Yes. I'll show it to you all the next time we meet up.
Mizuki: Yay! I can't wait♪
Miku (N25): Kanade... I'm sorry for asking you to come over when you're tired. It's just been a long time, so I'm happy to see you...
Kanade: No, that's okay. I'm also really happy to be able to sing with you all too.
Mizuki: Oh yeah! Speaking of festivals, I brought a bunch of stuff for Miku and the others.
Ena: You're not going to try to make that yoyo fishing game thing happen in SEKAI, are you?
Mizuki: Of course, I am! You can buy all kinds of things online now!
Ena: Wow, I didn't think you'd actually do it...
Kanade: You look like you enjoyed yourself, Mizuki.
Miku (N25): Festival? Sounds like fun.
Mizuki: In that case, how about we all do it together♪ I'll call Rin and the others!
Mizuki: You guys wait here!
Mafuyu: Okay.
(Exit: Mizuki)
Miku (N25): Mizuki seems pretty cheerful... I wonder if it's because of the festival.
Ena: Hmm, I wonder. Either way, I'm glad that Mizuki had fun.
Miku (N25): You look happy too, Ena.
Ena: You think so...?
Miku (N25): I'd like to hear more about what happened at the festival.
Kanade: There were a lot of things, like target shooting...
Mafuyu: What else... The yoyo fishing game?
Ena: There were so many things that happened that I don't know where to start.
Kanade: The food stalls were great, but I want to talk about the event Ena's little brother was at.
Ena: The event, huh... Yeah, I guess we can start with that.
Ena: Come to think of it, this is the first time I've actually heard Akito sing. It'd be nice to hear him again if another opportunity comes by...


3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_09_2

(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Len)
Akito: It's been a while since we last sang here just the two of us, huh Toya.
Toya: It sure has. Since forming Vivid BAD SQUAD, it's always been with Shiraishi and Azusawa.
Len: Speaking of, An is out with her family and Kohane is at a seaside school. But they will be back by tomorrow, right?
Len: It'd be great to perform live all together next time!
Akito: That's true. Besides, we've got a lot of people in the audience today, and we've got to show them how much we've both grown.
Toya: Sounds good. I tried something new at the summer festival and it was a nice change of pace.
Len: That live show was incredible!
Akito: Well, I'm going to hype it up even more today.
Toya: Same here!
Akito: Alright, let's go, partner. We're going to sing! You all better listen up!


4 [MUSIC] 69: Fragile

5 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_09_3

(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Len)
Akito: Great work, Toya!
Toya: You too!
Akito: Thanks for listening too, you guys.
Len: You two were so cool!
Len: There was so much more impact than the live show at the summer festival and... I just got so excited from listening to it!
Akito: I'm glad.
Akito: But, we'll have to rethink our practice schedule when Kohane and An come back.
Toya: How about a little more training on... Our lung capacity? This would be useful for our future shows, right?
Akito: Good idea. Shall we do some late-night training sessions?
Len: Wow... You are as stoic as ever.
Akito: Hmm? Hey, do you smell something burning over there?
Toya: This smell... It reminds me of the summer festival.
Len: Oh, maybe it's yakisoba. When I was talking to KAITO about the summer festival earlier, he said he wanted to try making it too.
Akito: What's up with that. Wait, now the burning smell is getting stronger and stronger... Let's just go check it out for now!
Toya: Good idea.
Len: This way, you two! I hope KAITO's okay...
Akito: Oh wait... I haven't thanked you all properly yet, have I?
Akito: Thanks for coming today, you guys! Thanks to you all it was an amazing performance.
Len: Akito! Hurry!
Akito: Yeah, I'll be there! Later!
