87 The BEST Summer Ever! After Show (event_30)

1 [MUSIC] 68: Dance Robot Dance

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_10_1

(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
Emu: Wonderhoy! Holding a girls' day out Wonderlands×Showtime show sure is fun♪
Nene: Girls' day out? So that's what this show's theme was about... Well, I guess something like this every once in a while is pretty fun.
Miku (WxS): I'm happy to hear that, Nene♪
Miku (WxS): Emu and I spent ages thinking of something fun we could do together with you☆
Nene: I'm glad to hear that, but why did you suddenly... Oh, is this because I couldn't make it to the seaside school the other day?
Emu: Yeah! Since we didn't get to go to the beach together, I thought this would be a good alternative!
Nene: You didn't have to go that far for me... We attend different schools so it was a given that I wouldn't be able to go. Besides, you even gave me a lot of souvenirs...
Emu: But... Fun things are fun when we do them together! I want to have fun with you♪
Miku (WxS): Yeah! Hanging out is way more fun when everyone can make it!
Nene: Is that how it is? Well, I guess this is very much like the two of you.
Nene: You know, I also like hearing you two talk about the fun you had.
Emu: Oh, then in that case, can I tell you about the presentation we did at the seaside school? We all performed theme songs from musicals♪
Miku (WxS): You should have seen how hyped everyone was! It was so much fun!
Nene: Theme songs from musicals at the seaside school? Tell me more.
Emu: I did a show with Honami and her friends there at the seaside school.
Emu: Hehe. I want you to see us perform it someday.


3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_10_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Honami: And then... Here's a photo of us splitting a watermelon and here's one of us playing beach volleyball.
Miku (Ln): Oh, everyone looks like they're having so much fun.
Shiho: ...Oops
Honami: What's the matter, Shiho?
Saki: Hey! That's the beach volleyball photo, right? Why are you hiding it?
Ichika: You were really good when we played back then. There's no need to hide it, you know?
Shiho: But... I made a weird face in this photo!
Honami: But still... You looked so cool.
Shiho: C'mon... Can we please stop talking about this!
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Just listening to you all, I can tell you had a great time at the seaside school. Having looked at your photos, you're making totally different faces to when you perform here...
Miku (Ln): Oh... What's this photo?
Honami: This is a photo of Saki and I's group performing one of the theme songs from a musical.
Honami: It was difficult and tough at first to play with different members, but...
Honami: Thanks to Shiho's advice and everyone's support, we were able to deliver a great performance during the recital.
Miku (Ln): Recital, huh? Performing with different people sounds like fun!
Saki: Right? Besides, I think Hona and I have improved a lot after that performance♪
Honami: Yeah! I wish you were there to hear us, Miku.
Miku (Ln): Then, why we don't play together now? It'll be good practice and what's more, I'd like to see how much the two of you have grown.
Saki: Of course♪ You guys are okay with it too, right?
Honami: Oh that reminds me... Since we're all here, why don't we play that song?
Honami: I think that song would be the best way to show Miku the memories we made at the beach... What do you think?
Saki: Sounds good! Let's do it!
Ichika: I think so too.
Shiho: I don't mind either.
Honami: Thank you, everyone. Then, let's do it!


4 [MUSIC] 75: Tale of the Deep-sea Lily

5 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_10_3

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Honami: Thank you for listening to us, everyone!
Honami: When I was singing this song, it reminded me of when we left the seaside school, and I got a little sad.
Saki: I totally get you. I also wished I could have stayed there a little longer before going home...
Miku (Ln): That just means you had a fun time, right? Your feelings really showed through.
Honami: Thank you for playing with us too, Miku.
Ichika: Nevertheless, your performance at the seaside school was amazing.
Shiho: I agree. It was a great performance. It was as though you said, "I've grown".
Saki: Hehehe. It was a shame we didn't win first prize but I'm glad to hear that from you both.
Honami: Come to think of it, I enjoyed Ichika's group's rakugo performance.
Shiho: How did you manage to memorize such a difficult story? You didn't even get to have that much time to practice.
Ichika: You think so? I don't really remember the performance much because I was so worried about what would happen if I forgot the entire story the whole time I was performing.
Miku (Ln): Hehehe. Seems like you still have a lot of stories to talk about.
Miku (Ln): Since you guys just got back, why don't you take a break from practicing today and share some of your stories?
Honami: Miku... Thank you. Well, if you say so then why not.
Shiho: Yeah, I guess we could do that.
Saki: Yay! Thanks, Shiho!
Miku (Ln): Also, since you're all here, why don't you share your stories with Luka and the others?
Ichika: Well then, let's all go to where Luka and the others are. I think they're practicing on the rooftop, right?
Saki: Yeah, let's go. Thanks for coming out today, you guys!
Honami: Thanks for joining in the fun! Come see us again!
