90 Mermaid Admiration After Show (event_32)

1 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_05_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Luka: Miku! We're ready!
Miku: Thanks Luka! Alright, Nene and Emu. Here we go☆
Emu: You got it, Miku! We're ready whenever you are!
Nene: Huh? Don't tell me... Are you going to pour that bucket full of water on top of us?!
Nene: W-Wait, hold on a second... STOP STOP! Ah!
Miku: Ready, go!
Emu: Eeep!
Nene: Wah!
Tsukasa: What was that noise just now?!
Rui: That sounded like a huge splash!
Tsukasa: Did Miku and Emu do something again?
Rui: That seems likely. But to think that they would do something fun like that while we were having a discussion...
Rui: It would've been nice for them to call me over if they were going to try something new.
Tsukasa: If they pulled you into the mix, you'd end up doing something even more outrageous, wouldn't you?
Nene: Ugh... I'm soaked all over...
Emu: That SPLASH was so much fun, right♪ I wanna do it again!
Miku: In that case, let's do it again later!
Nene: Seriously? That was practically like meditating underneath a waterfall...
Luka: Meditating underneath a waterfall... What does it feel like being underneath a waterfall, I wonder? I would love to try it sometime.
Nene: The fact that you'd actually be able to fall asleep even in a situation like that scares me...
Tsukasa: But why did you all suddenly start doing something like that?
Miku: I was thinking that Miku and the others would like to put on a show at the beach like everyone else!
Luka: That's why we tried to see what we could do with water first.
Tsukasa: I see. So that's what that was. But getting poured with water from up above seems more like a punishment.
Nene: It really does.
Rui: A game where participants get drenched if they fail... That kind of performance could be pretty interesting.
Rui: Each time a character in the show makes a mistake, one after another, they get a bucket of water thrown on them...
Nene: That's a comedy skit, not a show!
Nene: A-Achoo! Ugh... Since I'm still wet, it's starting to get a little cold...
Emu: What?! Oh no! We need to warm you up ASAP!
Tsukasa: You're right. There are towels at the Wonder Stage, so let's head back...
Miku: Oh! If you want to warm up, then why don't we all dance?!
Nene: What? How did you come to that conclusion?
Miku: If we dance a lot, I'm sure we'll be super warm by the end! Right, Luka?
Luka: That's true. If we all dance together, not only will our bodies warm up but so will our hearts.
Nene: Uh...
Nene: Hehe... Well, I guess dancing with everyone wouldn't be so bad.
Rui: Oh, what's this? You seem to be in a good mood today.
Nene: It's fine to have days like this sometimes, right?
Emu: Then, um... let's do a song that you can dance to so hard that you can get all pumped and warmed up!
Nene: Alright then, let's go!


2 [MUSIC] 88: Chururira Chururira Daddadda!

3 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_05_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Nene: Phew... My body's all warm from all that dancing.
Nene: How about everyone else? Were you able to join in on the fun?
Nene: Hehe. I'm glad!
Luka: You all looked so cool!
Miku: Yeah!  You guys seemed different from usual, it was amazing!
Luka: I was so moved that my sleepiness was completely blown away.
Tsukasa: Whoa! Can't believe we blew Luka's sleepiness away!
Luka: Yes. It was so wonderful and satisfying that I feel relieved... Zzz...
Nene: She ended up falling asleep anyway?!
Emu: Good night, Luka!
Rui: Well then, like we initially planned, I think it's time we start coming up with ideas for our next ambassador appearance!
Tsukasa: I agree. Let's make the next one just as exciting as this one and promote it even more!
Miku: Good luck, you guys! I'm also going to do my best so that we can all do a sea show together♪
Miku: Oh, I think I'll get KAITO to try that water stunt we did before too!
Nene: Oh, make sure you get KAITO to agree first before pouring water over him, okay?
Miku: Okaaayyy! KAITOOOO!
Nene: Oh geez... Seems like it's as lively here as it is at the Wonder Stage...
Nene: It's because of Miku and the others, we're able to do shows like this with everyone.
(Exit: Miku)
(Exit: Luka)
Nene: Thank you so much, Miku.
Emu: Hm? What's up with that smile, Nene?
Nene: No, it's nothing... Let's start the discussion.
Nene: Oh... Look forward to the next show too, everyone. It's going to be an amazing one, I'm sure of it.
Nene: Hehe. Anyway, see you next time!
