92 Miku's Anniversary Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021miku_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Ichika: Happy anniversary, Miku!


2 [mc] mc_bd_2021miku_3

(Enter: Miku)
Miku: You all came!
Miku: Thank you for coming to celebrate my anniversary.
Miku: Actually I, from other SEKAI are also celebrating right now.
Miku: I'm so happy. I'm very grateful that you all care about me this much.
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Rin: Okay, on my cue, everyone! Ready...
Rin: "Happy anniversary, Miku!"
Len: "Happy anniversary, Miku!"
Luka: "Happy anniversary, Miku!"
MEIKO: "Happy anniversary, Miku!"
KAITO: "Happy anniversary, Miku!"
Miku: Oh! You guys!
Miku: It's not fair for you to sneak up from behind. You surprised me.
Luka: Hehe. Sorry, Miku.
MEIKO: You looked like you were in the middle of telling everyone something, so we were waiting for the right time.
MEIKO: And then, Rin and Len just...
Len: We don't get a chance like this every day, so I suggested that we should make it a surprise!
KAITO: It's a good thing it went as planned.
Rin: Yeah!
Luka: Anyway, what were you telling everyone, Miku?
Miku: I was talking about me in other SEKAI.
Miku: It seems like the others were celebrating with me just now.
Miku: It was their feelings that created these multiple versions of me.
Miku: I'm sure the other versions of me in SEKAI must have been thrilled to be celebrating their anniversary with everyone.
Miku: Hey, you guys. There's a song I want you all to hear.
Miku: I know I've said this many times before but today, I'd like to thank you all.
Miku: I hope that music keeps us all connected forever. That is why I want to take this opportunity to sing a song for you all.
Miku: I hope you enjoy it.
Miku: Here goes!


3 [MUSIC] 1: Tell Your World

4 [mc] mc_bd_2021miku_8

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku: Thank you for listening, everyone!
Luka: That was amazing, Miku.
Rin: "Woot woot!"
Len: "Woot woot!"
MEIKO: Woot woot!
MEIKO: You too, KAITO!
KAITO: What?! Uh... W-Woot woot!
Miku: Hehe.
Miku: Luka, Rin, Len... And you too, MEIKO, KAITO. Thank you!
Miku: Thank you all so much for coming to celebrate with me today. Really, thank you.
Miku: It is thanks to all of you saying you want to hear me sing that I've made it this far.
Miku: I hope to continue to sing for everyone as I always have.
Luka: We're right there with you, Miku.
Rin: Yeah! Let's all keep singing together forever and ever!
Len: Oh, next time, let's sing a cool, groovy song together!
MEIKO: Oh, that sounds lovely! May I join too?
KAITO: I like the sound of that. I would also like to join when the time comes.
Miku: Yeah! Let's continue making music together forever and ever!
Miku: Well then, everyone. Let's meet again in SEKAI! Bye bye!
