97 [Celebrate the anniversary of the JP version] Special Show

1 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_1

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku: Thank you for coming to SEKAI today too, everyone.
Luka: Since everyone has been able to come whenever they want, it has become a lot livelier here.
MEIKO: I agree. It kind of makes us want to liven up too!
KAITO: Nevertheless, how many times have we gathered together like this and sang together?
KAITO: Do you all remember the first time we met?
Miku: A lot of things happened, didn't they?
Len: That's right! You all even came to celebrate my and Rin's anniversary!
MEIKO: And then to welcome and celebrate the new year, you all came to do the countdown with us too.
Rin: Oh, but I think the best thing that happened was definitely when we played a prank on KAITO during Halloween.
KAITO: Huh? I don't remember being pranked, though.
KAITO: I thought you both decided not to do the prank after I said we should go see what Halloween's like in the others' SEKAI...?
Len: It seems like KAITO hasn't noticed yet.
Rin: In that case, I guess we just won't bother telling him then.
KAITO: What?! Wait, what do you mean by that?
KAITO: Did you really prank me that much?!
MEIKO: Alright, alright. I'll tell you later.
Miku: Hehe.
Miku: It makes me so happy that we were able to make all these fun memories together.
Miku: Also, thank you so much for always supporting the others in SEKAI.
Luka: Although, I think there might be some people here who might have come to SEKAI for the first time.
Miku: That's true.
Miku: Even for those of you who are here for the first time, I'm really excited for us to learn lots of new songs and make more memories together!
Len: And for that, there's a song that we want you all to hear! Would you listen to it?
MEIKO: It seems like everyone has high expectations!
Miku: You're right! In that case, let's sing!


2 [MUSIC] 10: Happy Synthesizer

3 [MUSIC] 69: Fragile

4 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_2

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: It's fun to sing with everyone here to listen to us, isn't it?
Len: Yeah! Thank you, everyone!
Miku: Oh...
Rin: Whoa! Even the feeling sparks in SEKAI are shining brighter than usual!
Luka: I'm sure that even our friends in SEKAI are about to sing too.
MEIKO: That's wonderful! Shall we all go together and watch them?
Rin: "Let's go! Let's go!"
Len: "Let's go! Let's go!"
MEIKO: Okay! Then, let's go!
Rin: "Yeah!"
Len: "Yeah!"
KAITO: Hahaha. Those three really do act fast.
(Exit: MEIKO)
(Exit: Len)
(Exit: Rin)
Luka: They really do. Well then, shall we get going too?
Miku: Yes!
Miku: Please come and meet our friends in SEKAI too, everyone!


5 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_3

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Miku (Ln): Oh, Ichika? Aren't you a little early for practice?
Ichika: Well, yes I am, but... I actually have something I wanted to talk to you about. Do you have some time?
Miku (Ln): Of course. So, what did you want to talk about?
Ichika: Actually, in my world, there's going to be a Virtual Singer Appreciation Festival happening soon.
Ichika: Sometimes people call it Fan Festa, but...
Ichika: It's an event where fans of you and the others come to express their gratitude and sing your songs with all their heart.
Ichika: I don't know how to say this... But since I can talk with you face to face, I thought it would be better to tell you my feelings directly.
Miku (Ln): Is that why you came so early?
Ichika: Yes. Oh...
Ichika: Before I arrived, I thought about all of the things I wanted to tell you, but...
Ichika: As soon as I saw your face, all of the things I wanted to tell you started to pile up and... Well...
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Luka)
Saki: Ichi! I knew you came early!
Ichika: Oh, you girls...
Saki: Hey, hey! Since we're all a little early for practice, how about we play one song?
Honami: Saki was practicing with Luka until just now, and it seemed like she was doing super well.
Shiho: And then to make sure she doesn't lose that flow, she wanted to run through it again together as if it were the actual live performance.
Ichika: Oh, okay. Which song should we do?
Saki: Let's do needLe!
Ichika: Oh!
Ichika: Miku, can what I was talking about earlier wait until after we play? I think after singing that song, I'll be able to gather the words!
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Of course.
Ichika: Thank you!
Luka: Did we interrupt your conversation?
Miku (Ln): No, of course not. Even Ichika doesn't think so.
Luka: Really? In that case, I'm glad.
Saki: Ichi. I know it was sudden, but thank you!
Ichika: It's alright. Well then, let's-
Honami: Oh, look! SEKAI seemed to have gotten livelier!
Shiho: You're right. What great timing.
Saki: Thank you for always coming to hear us play, everyone!
Saki: We hope you enjoy the song we have in store for you all!
Miku (Ln): Alright, let's do this, Ichi!
Ichika: Yes!
Ichika: Let's go, everyone! needLe!


6 [MUSIC] 63: needLe

7 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_4

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: Luka)
Saki: Luka! I was finally able to do that thing you taught me!
Luka: Yes, it was perfect! Your performance improves each time I hear you all play.
Honami: Really?!
Luka: Of course! Especially since you've all decided to go pro, I can tell that your feelings and skills have all grown so much.
Saki: Yay! Did you hear that, Shiho? She said we've grown!
Shiho: Yeah, yeah. Every time this happens, you immediately get carried away.
Ichika: But... The reason why we're able to improve is definitely thanks to Miku, Luka, and the others.
Ichika: I mean, we couldn't really sync and match with each other at the beginning, but...
Ichika: They were always there for us so that we could confront our issues properly, and supported us through them.
Ichika: Even when I couldn't muster the courage to talk to Honami or Shiho, they encouraged me.
Ichika: And if it weren't for Miku and the others, the four of us would probably never decide to go pro.
Ichika: That's why...
Ichika: Thank you so much for bringing us here and for always being there for us.
Miku (Ln): Ichika...
Ichika: Um... I think this is what I've always wanted to tell you. I'm glad I was able to find the words.
Miku (Ln): That's good. Your feelings came through your words. Thank you.
Saki: Wait, hold on a second! It's not fair that you and Miku are the only ones having a moment!
Saki: I also have lots and lots of gratitude towards Miku and Luka!
Honami: Yes, me too!
Shiho: Same here. You both really helped through a lot of tough times.
Luka: It makes me so happy to hear you all say that.
Luka: We would love to keep watching you grow from here onwards too.
Miku (Ln): I feel the same. We're excited to see where you will all end up in the future!
Ichika: Great!


8 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_5

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Hey everyone! Thanks for coming to our joint live performance with MORE MORE JUMP! featuring Miku!
Rin: As the MC, I'll also be livening up the room, so let's all have a good time!
Rin: Oh! It seems like everyone's ready!
Rin: Then without further ado, let's get this show started♪
Shizuku: Here to bring you a burst of happiness. I'm Shizuku Hinomori from MORE MORE JUMP!
Airi: One special delivery of love coming right up! It's the lovely fairy, Airi! Airi Momoi from MORE MORE JUMP! at your service★
Haruka: No matter how far, may this song of hope reach you! I'm Haruka Kiritani from MORE MORE JUMP!
Minori: Don't give up on your dreams, Minorinrin♪ I want to be the kotatsu of the idol world! I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
Miku (MMJ): Singing with all of your feelings and hearts! I'm Hatsune Miku, the sparkly idol♪
Rin: Hehe, with that it seems like everyone's here♪
Airi: Yes! Thank you for coming to our performance, everyone!
Miku (MMJ): This was my first time using a catchphrase. Did it sound okay?
Shizuku: Hehe. It seems like everyone liked it.
Miku (MMJ): I'm glad. I was actually quite nervous before...
Miku (MMJ): But I'm happy that everyone liked it! It was worth all the hard work and thought Haruka and the others put into it♪
Haruka: I've also never thought up one before, so having everyone help me think of one too was a big help.
Airi: Well, putting the two of you aside... Minori ended up going with THAT.
Minori: Huh? But I thought Minorinrin♪ had such a cute ring to it!
Airi: I wasn't talking about that. I meant the kotatsu thing.
Airi: We thought of so many other cuter phrases. You could've gone with either of those, you know?
Shizuku: Oh, but I really like the kotatsu phrase. I think it perfectly fits with Minori's warm personality.
Haruka: Hehe, that's true.
Haruka: Oh, it seems like everyone in the audience thinks so too.
Minori: Oh, yay! Thank you, everyone!
Airi: Oh dear... Well, it's not like we're going to be streaming this, so I'll let it slide this time.
Minori: Hehe.
Rin: With that said, sorry for the wait everyone! Let's get this show started!
Rin: Alright, the stage is all yours!
Haruka: Got it. Thank you, Rin.
Haruka: Recently, we got invited to an elementary school event as MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: It was a lot of fun and we gained a lot of great experiences from it, didn't we?
Airi: It sure was. Not only did we deliver hope to all of our fans, but we also received a lot of hope from them too.
Minori: We were cheering for them, they cheered for us, and we cheered for them again... By doing this fans and idols were able to mutually deliver hope to one another!
Airi: That's right! Which is why we want to give you all the best performance we can to live up to the hope and support we have received from all of our fans!
Haruka: Are you all ready?
Rin: Everyone seems to be♪ I'll be right there with them cheering you all on♪
Miku (MMJ): Thank you, Rin!
Minori: Then let's go! Newly Edgy Idols!


9 [MUSIC] 57: Newly Edgy Idols

10 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_6

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Rin)
Shizuku: Did you all have fun, everyone?
Rin: I had a lot of fun too! Songs where everyone can join in with cheers really are the best♪
Miku (MMJ): Agreed♪ It's like everyone becomes one unit, making the performance even more amazing.
Haruka: Well then, once again...
Minori: Thank you so much for coming to watch our performance, everyone!
Shizuku: Thanks to all of you we were able to put on this joint show and have a lot of fun doing it.
Haruka: It's going to be a gradual process, but we'll have more songs and dances for you all.
Airi: We're going to make the show and everything else we do even more fun, so keep an eye out for that!
Minori: Alright, let's finish this off with THAT!
Rin: Oh! That "MORE MORE"... Thing?!
Minori: That's right, Rin!
Miku (MMJ): "More and more songs!"
Rin: "More and more songs!"
Airi: "More and more energy!"
Shizuku: "More and more energy!"
Minori: "More and more hope!"
Haruka: "More and more hope!"
Minori: May our songs reach more, more, more people!
Minori: MORE MORE...
Minori: "JUMP!"
Haruka: "JUMP!"
Airi: "JUMP!"
Shizuku: "JUMP!"
Miku (MMJ): "JUMP!"
Rin: "JUMP!"


11 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_7

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
Len: Heya, you two!
Rin: Do you guys have practice today too?
Akito: I'd say it's more like training instead of our usual practice!
Rin: Training?
Akito: Yeah. We have an event coming up soon at the live house where we first performed together.
Toya: It also seems to have a history of its own. Akito and I were talking about performing in it sometime, but...
Akito: They finally contacted us and asked if we wanted to perform in it.
Toya: I think it was definitely because of our win at STAY GOLDEN that we were put on the map.
Len: Oh, I see!
Len: Rin!
Rin: Yeah! We can't let ourselves be left behind!
Len: Akito, Toya! We're going to go do our own training!
Akito: Nice. Have fun.
Toya: Let's sing together again sometime then.
Rin: Yeah! See ya later!
(Exit: Rin)
(Exit: Len)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Miku (VBS): Oh, I see. What you're saying is that if you sing at that live house, then you get some prestige as a team?
An: Yeah! The plan is to win with one shot and get to the level where we can battle more experienced teams!
MEIKO: Hehe. So that's why you said you wanted to perform as though it was the real deal.
Kohane: Yes!
Kohane: Oh, Shinonome, Aoyagi! Sorry for making you two wait! We were able to get MEIKO and Miku to come with us!
Akito: I can see. Thanks.
Toya: Thank you for coming as well, Miku, MEIKO.
MEIKO: It was no trouble. We're the ones who want to keep seeing you grow.
Miku (VBS): Before we get into training, do you guys only want to perform just the four of you?
An: Well, that's what we were planning... Why do you ask?
Miku (VBS): I was just wondering if I could join too.
Miku (VBS): However, I will be singing with everything I've got, though.
Kohane: Huh? What do you mean...
MEIKO: What she means is if you all let your guard down, then she's going to steal the show.
Miku (VBS): With that to worry about, you know you won't be slacking off during practice, right? So, how about it?
Toya: That means... We'll need to work harder than we have ever before.
Akito: Yeah. But this sounds like the exact kind of training we need.
Kohane: I'm going to give it my all too!
Kohane: Thanks to you, An, I was able to believe in myself and sing with confidence.
Kohane: I'm going to do my best so that I can be worthy to sing beside all of you and move forward!
An: Kohane...
An: Alright, let's sing!! Looking forward to working with you, Miku!
Miku (VBS): That's what I like to hear. Also, look. We even have quite the audience gathering around.
An: You're right! Hey everyone!
Kohane: We...! We were just about to sing, so we hope you enjoy this song!
Akito: You guys ready?
Toya: Yes, I'm ready to go whenever.
Kohane: Then, let's do this! Ready Steady!


12 [MUSIC] 54: Ready Steady

13 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_8

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Akito: Thanks for livening it up with us, you guys!
Toya: Thanks to that, we were able to perform to the level of quality we need for the actual performance.
MEIKO: That was amazing! You were all on fire and I could feel your resolve through the song.
Miku (VBS): I agree. You were all able to sing in a way that was unique to you.
Kohane: Really?!
An: Woohoo! Let's keep this energy up until the next event!
Akito: Damn right. Let's keep our singing tight and move forward while we're ahead.
Toya: Sounds good. The four of us will surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Kohane: "Yeah!"
An: "Yeah!"
Miku (VBS): They've really become a great team.
MEIKO: Yes, they really have. I'm excited where life will take them.


14 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_9

(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: KAITO)
Emu: Wow! There's so many people here today, too! Heya everybody♪
Miku (WxS): Hehehe! Welcome♪
KAITO: So, have you all decided what you will be doing for your next show?
Nene: Yes. We're planning to do our next show at the Wonder Stage, so it'll probably be the same kind of adventure show we usually do.
Miku (WxS): Adventure?! That sounds like so much fun! What kind of story is it?
Tsukasa: Heh. Brace yourself, Miku. For I shall tell you all about our next show! Firstly, our concept is-
Rui: We're going back to our roots. Since we've gotten more experience with performing in front of a large crowd, we thought we should go back to it.
Tsukasa: Hey, Rui. That's exactly what I was going to say!
Emu: Oh, and get this! There's going to be a wizard, a short-tempered monster, and a bunch of other interesting characters in it too!
Tsukasa: Ah! Emu, even you...!
Miku (WxS): Monsters on top of wizards?!
Tsukasa: That's not all! Our next show will be something like "Wizard of-"
Nene: It'll be something like "Wizard of Oz," where four quirky individuals band together to go on an adventure to remember what is important to them.
Tsukasa: Nene?!
Rui: Excellent! That's the way to top it off, Nene!
Nene: I guess so.
Emu: Woohoo! We were so in sync with each other♪
Tsukasa: This is not the kind of thing you should all be in sync for!
KAITO: Hahaha.
KAITO: But, I see... Going on an adventure to remember what is important to you...
Tsukasa: Yes. I'm hoping to be able to use my experiences to fuel my performance in the next show.
Tsukasa: That's why, Kaito, would you let us sing the song that was born from our feelings once more?
Rui: Oh? I heard that song and Wonderland SEKAI were born from your feelings, though...
Tsukasa: Well, in truth, it seems to be that way, but...
Tsukasa: Even with the help of Miku, KAITO, and the others, I would not have been able to face SEKAI or remember my true feelings if I had not met all of you.
Tsukasa: That's why I think that song was born from our feelings and not just my own!
Emu: Tsukasa...
Nene: You really are capable of saying profound things every now and then...
Tsukasa: What do you mean by "every now and then?"
Miku (WxS): Hehehe☆
KAITO: I'm happy to hear that song has become an important song to you, Tsukasa.
KAITO: Well, to all of you too. Emu, Nene, Rui.
Rui: That is the truth. Right, Nene?
Nene: Right!
Tsukasa: All right! Now let's sing as we think about the moment when Wonderlands×Showtime was truly formed!
Rui: Hehe. Well then, for all of you in the audience, I hope you will all join in on the fun!
Tsukasa: Alright, let's get this show started! The World Hasn't Even Started Yet!


15 [MUSIC] 51: The World Hasn't Even Started Yet

16 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_10

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: That was an amazing performance!
KAITO: How was it? Were you able to remember how you felt at that time?
Tsukasa: Yes! The overwhelming happiness of gaining comrades, how much fun it is to perform shows with them, and also...
Tsukasa: The fulfillment from being able to make people smile! I was able to feel all of these emotions once again!
Emu: Yeah! I also had a lot of fun♪
Nene: Since we're going to get KAITO and the others in it, your story better be good.
Tsukasa: Leave it to me! I'll be sure to write an amazing story that is worthy of directing!
Rui: Hehehe. That, I'm looking forward to.
KAITO: I'll be looking forward to it, too.
Miku (WxS): Me too, me too!
Tsukasa: Just you wait!


17 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_11

(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Miku-N25)
Miku (N25): This is Kanade's song, right? Does it soothe you?
Mafuyu: Yes... I feel calmer when I'm listening to it.
Mafuyu: The warmth that I felt at that time, it's still here.
Mafuyu: It's a little bit of a relief that I can still feel that it's still here.
Miku (N25): Mafuyu...
Mafuyu: ... Sing...
Miku (N25): Huh?
Mafuyu: I don't really know why, but... I want to sing. The song... That was born from my feelings...
Miku (N25): I want to sing that song, too.
Miku (N25): I know... I'll ask if everyone can come.
Mafuyu: Oh... Miku...
(Exit: Miku-N25)
(Enter: Kanade)
Kanade: Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: Oh, Kanade...
Kanade: Miku asked me to come over. She said that you wanted to sing a song.
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
Mizuki: Oh, there you are♪ This is so rare! It's not often you ask us to come sing with you, Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: The both of you came, too?
Ena: Well, yeah. Miku went through all the trouble to tell us that you wanted to sing, so that's why I'm here.
Ena: Besides, I was feeling a little sleepy after dinner, so I thought this would help me wake up a bit.
(Enter: Miku-N25)
Miku (N25): Mafuyu... Everyone came.
Mafuyu: Yes...
Ena: So, what made you suddenly say that you wanted to sing?
Mafuyu: I was just listening to Kanade's song before... And it made me feel warm.
Mafuyu: That's why I was thinking if I sang the song that was born from my feelings now, I might be able to feel something, too.
Mafuyu: I was fine to sing on my own, but...
Miku (N25): The reason why you were able to find these feelings was because everyone was there with you.
Miku (N25): That's why I wanted them to come.
Mizuki: Oh, I see. So, that's why...
Kanade: If that's the case, then we'll sing with you.
Ena: Yeah. Besides, I've never seen Mafuyu so enthusiastic about wanting to sing either.
Kanade: Let's sing, Mafuyu. Together.
Mafuyu: Okay.
Kanade: Then, let's do it. Composing the Future.


18 [MUSIC] 60: Composing the Future

19 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_12

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Miku-N25)
Miku (N25): Oh... Looks like everyone was listening to us.
Mizuki: You're right! Thanks for coming today, everyone♪
Ena: It usually feels lonely here, but it's strangely lively when we sing.
Kanade: So... Did you manage to feel anything, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: I can't really describe it... But... I do think that I was able to feel something.
Mafuyu: It's painful, but...
Kanade: If you were able to feel something then, that's a good thing...
Ena: Yeah, I agree. It's much better than saying "I don't know" with a blank face.
Mizuki: Seems like you're changing bit by bit afterall, Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: I guess so...
Mafuyu: Thank you for coming, everyone...
Ena: Alright, alright. You're welcome.
Mizuki: Well, I'm going to go and head back to work♪
Ena: Yeah, me too!
(Exit: Ena)
(Exit: Mizuki)
Mafuyu: Miku.
Mafuyu: Thank you for calling everyone here, and for singing with me.
Miku (N25): It's okay. If you're happy then so am I.
Kanade: We'll see you later, Miku.
Miku (N25): Okay.
(Exit: Kanade)
(Exit: Mafuyu)
Miku (N25): Oh... Fragments of feelings from a lot of other SEKAI are gathering...
Miku (N25): Much like Kanade and the others, there's feelings of warmth and excitement...
Miku (N25): A new song... Might be born from this.
Miku (N25): Good luck, Kanade.


20 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_13

(Enter: Kanade)
Kanade: Hmm... Huh? I was trying to go back to my room, but... How did I end up here?
(Enter: Miku)
Kanade: Huh... Miku?!
Miku: Sorry to scare you.
Miku: A new song was about to be born from your feelings, so I was thinking we could sing it together.
Kanade: A new song? Did you mean...
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Kohane)
Ichika: Yes, and then when we all split up to go do our own individual practice, the next thing I knew I ended up here.
Kohane: So that's what happened. Minori and I were practicing off on our own too, but then we somehow ended up here during our breaks.
Minori: Oh, it's Miku!
Miku: Kohane, Minori, and also, Ichika. Welcome.
Ichika: Oh... I have a feeling this has happened before.
Ichika: Oh, that's right. That was when Tsukasa was also...
(Enter: Tsukasa)
Tsukasa: WHAT THE?! WHAT IS THIS PLACE?!
Kanade: That loud voice... I feel like I've heard it somewhere before...
Tsukasa: Hmm?! Miku... And Ichika too... There's something familiar about this...
Miku: It seems like everyone's here.
Miku: So the thing is, a new song is about to be born.
Miku: There's still a little bit of time before that happens, but I was wondering if you could all give me a hand?
Ichika: Um... You want us to help?
Miku: Of course!
Minori: Sounds like fun! What did you want us to do?
Miku: I want you all to sing with me. With all of the precious thoughts and feelings that you all have.
Kohane: Alright! That sounds like something we can do!
Minori: Count me in! Let's sing together!
Kanade: It's amazing how fast you both agreed to that.
Ichika: Well, those two are quite courageous...
Tsukasa: Well, if it's singing, then I have no issues with that!
Tsukasa: This is a stage and there is an audience eagerly waiting for a performance!
Kanade: Oh, this feels like deja vu.
Ichika: I was thinking the same.
Miku: Hehe. Alright, then let's sing♪


21 [MUSIC] 77: Wah Wah World

22 [MUSIC] 76: SEKAI

23 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_14

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Miku)
Minori: Hey everyone! Thank you for listening to our song!
Ichika: I wonder if our feelings got through...
Miku: Don't worry. I am certain that all of your feelings went through.
Miku: Look, a new song is being born!
Ichika: Whoa! The light...!


24 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_15

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Miku)
Kohane: Whoa!
Tsukasa: It's...!
Kanade: Beautiful...
Miku: It's beautiful because it's shining with all of your thoughts and feelings. And also... Can you hear that?
Ichika: Miku! Is this...?
Miku: Let's sing again, shall we? All together!
Ichika: "Yes!"
Minori: "Yes!"
Kohane: "Yes!"
Kanade: "Yes!"
Tsukasa: "Yes!"


25 [MUSIC] 141: Gunjo Sanka

26 [mc] mc_2021anniversary_16

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Miku)
Tsukasa: Did you all enjoy our performance, everyone?
Tsukasa: That's what I like to hear!
Miku: So how are you all feeling after singing?
Ichika: I had a lot of fun! And...
Ichika: I felt like I was being acknowledged for all of my efforts up until today. Kind of like something was pushing me forward.
Minori: Oh, I think I felt the same thing too!
Kohane: Me too!
Miku: I'm glad!
Miku: All of you have different thoughts and feelings, but all of them are irreplaceable.
Miku: So make sure to continue cherishing them.
Kohane: Got it! My team and I also have an important dream we want to accomplish, so I'm definitely going to keep it dear to me.
Ichika: A dream...
Ichika: I too, in order to go professional with Leo/need, will make sure to never forget them!
Minori: Me too! All in order to deliver hope to people with Haruka and the others!
Tsukasa: I'm also going to cherish these feelings so that the others and I can keep making everyone smile with our shows.
Kanade: For me... It's not a dream, nor is it for hope or smiles or anything like that, but...
Kanade: In order to save the people listening to our songs, I'm going to keep facing forward.
Miku: Great!
Miku: SEKAI will always be here for you. So, come over to sing anytime!
Ichika: Yes!
(Exit: Ichika)
(Exit: Minori)
(Exit: Kohane)
(Exit: Tsukasa)
(Exit: Kanade)
Miku: Thank you for watching over their thoughts and feelings, everyone.
Miku: I know that the path they are on is not all fun and games, but...
Miku: Even so... I believe that they will keep moving forward by cherishing those feelings in their heart.
Miku: So, would you all please put your faith in them too?
Miku: Hehe, thank you!
Miku: I'll always be here waiting for you all in SEKAI too, so please come visit again sometime, okay?
Miku: See you later! Bye bye!
