98 Haruka's Birthday Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021haruka_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
Minori: H-Hello everyone! Welcome to Haruka's birthday fan meeting!
Minori: Let's celebrate Haruka to the fullest!
Minori: A-Are you all ready?!
Airi: Seems like the person who asked the question is the one most unprepared.
Shizuku: Hehe. She did say that she was so nervous she couldn't sleep last night.
Airi: Oh geez. Why is it not the birthday girl, but rather the person going to wish her a happy birthday that's nervous?
Miku (MMJ): But I think it's cute since it's so Minori♪
Minori: Without further ado! Here comes the star of the show!
(Enter: Haruka)
Minori: Today's star of the show is, of course, the one and only...!
Minori: Beacon of hope for everyone! And the idol I look up to! Haruka Kiritani!
Haruka: Thank you for coming today, everyone. Let's all have a great time together.
Minori: Wow...! You look so pretty today too, Haruka. And you kind of have this nice, flowery fragrance...
Airi: Alright, that's enough. Stop looking at her and lead the rest of the show.
Minori: Oh! T-That's right!
Minori: Um... So first things first, let's all wish Haruka a happy birthday!
Minori: Here we go! Haruka!
Minori: "Happy birthday!"
Airi: "Happy birthday!"
Shizuku: "Happy birthday!"
Miku (MMJ): "Happy birthday!"
Haruka: Thank you!
Haruka: Thank you too, everyone!
Airi: So only limited to today, we'll be holding a segment where you can ask Haruka about her personal life!
Airi: It's time for "Tell me your secret, Haruka"♪
Minori: M-My heart... Is pounding so hard!
Airi: You've been like that since the start. C'mon, take some deep breaths while you can.
Minori: O-Okay!
Miku (MMJ): Alright then, question one♪
Miku (MMJ): I know that you like sweet things, but what is something you don't like?
Haruka: Probably wasabi? When I was young, I accidentally ate some sushi that had wasabi in it and ever since then, I've never really liked that stinging sensation.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I see!
Airi: Next, question two! What did you want to be before deciding to become an idol?
Haruka: Hmm... There wasn't anything that I definitely wanted to do, but my mother is a nail stylist, so I was interested in a career in the beauty field at one point.
Airi: Speaking of which, your hands and nails are really pretty and clean, Haruka. Can you teach me how to take care of mine sometime?
Minori: M-Me too, please!
Haruka: Sounds like a plan.
Shizuku: Okay, question number three! When was the most fun you've ever had?
Haruka: Oh... Hehe, I think when we were wishing Minori a happy birthday together.
Haruka: I couldn't help but laugh when Minori started running around the stage shouting, "Thank you for giving birth to me, Mom!"
Shizuku: Hehe. I remember that. Minori was so cute that I couldn't help but laugh too.
Minori: Oooh, so embarrassing...
Minori: B-But! If it made you smile, Haruka, then I have no regrets!
Airi: That is the most serious face I've ever seen anyone make.
Shizuku: "Hehe."
Miku (MMJ): "Hehe."
Minori: Alright, onto the last question! What is the one thing you want to do most right now?
Haruka: What I want to do most right now...
Haruka: It has definitely got to be showing my appreciation to all of my fans.
Haruka: I have been able to work hard as an idol and continue being an idol because of all the fans who have supported me.
Haruka: That's why I want to tell all of them that I'm going to continue working hard to keep delivering hope to them.
Minori: H-Haruka, you're amazing...
Miku (MMJ): Well, then you better express those feelings to the fans who have gathered here first!
Haruka: You're right!
Haruka: I hope these feelings of mine get through to you with this show, everyone!


2 [MUSIC] 70: Melty Land Nightmare

3 [mc] mc_bd_2021haruka_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
Haruka: Did you all have fun, everyone?
Haruka: Hehe. I'm glad.
Haruka: I'm going to continue working hard so that I can keep delivering songs and hope to you all.
Haruka: So, I hope you'll be there to support me♪
Haruka: Airi, Shizuku, Minori. I'll be counting on your support in the future too.
Airi: Even if you didn't ask, we would've done it anyway.
Shizuku: Yes. Looking forward to continuing working with you, Haruka!
Minori: M-Me too! I know I'm still a newbie, but I'm looking forward to continuing working with you!
Haruka: Hehe.
Haruka: Miku, thank you for today. I'm happy that you were here to celebrate with us.
Miku (MMJ): It was my pleasure♪
Miku (MMJ): I'm pretty sure Rin and the others have finished preparing for the party, and are just waiting for you now.
Haruka: Party? Hehe, I can't wait.
Haruka: Thank you so much for today, everyone!
Haruka: Do come and see us in SEKAI again the next time we have a show.
Haruka: Please look forward to that! Bye bye!
