109 The Warmth of Intersecting Melodies After Show (event_42)

1 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_14_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
Saki: Hey Ichi! How's it go? Did you get to meet Asahina's friend?
Ichika: Oh, yes... I went with Honami to meet her.
Shiho: Speaking of which, you just happened to know who they were, right, Honami?
Honami: Yes, it turns out that it was the same person whose house I always go to clean for work.
Miku: Wow, what a strange coincidence.
Saki: Right?! Maybe the four of us should've gone together!
Shiho: No way. That probably would've freaked her out.
Honami: Hehe... Maybe we can all go next time.
Saki: Next time?! You two are gonna meet again?!
Honami: Yes. Ichika was the one who asked.
Ichika: We talked about a lot of things like composing songs and what we usually do each day. It was really nice talking to her, so I floated the idea of us meeting again.
Shiho: I see... Then, I'm glad it worked out.
Ichika: It was all thanks to Asahina and Honami for introducing us, so thank you, Honami.
Honami: It was nothing, really... But I'm glad that you and Ms. Yoisaki got along well.
Miku: Hehe. And it's beautiful how music tied you two together like that.
Ichika: Right. Not only that, I feel a little different to who I was before. No, maybe that's going too far...
Miku: I don't think so. Meeting someone new can definitely have that effect, so I completely understand why you feel that way.
Ichika: I see...
Ichika: Um, I have a suggestion. What if we tried playing something different than what we usually do?
Ichika: I have this feeling that if we try playing a new song now, it'll go really well.
Saki: Oh, sounds great! I'm in!
Honami: In that case... How about that song we just started practicing the other day...?
Shiho: Yeah, that could work. It's kind of a tough one, but I have a feeling that you can sing it now, Ichika.
Ichika: Yes, I'd like to give it a try too. How about you, Miku?
Miku: Of course I'm on board. Let's sing it!
Ichika: Thank you!
Ichika: And we hope all of you in the audience like it as well.
Ichika: Alright everyone, here we go...!


2 [MUSIC] 148: ray

3 [MUSIC] 67: Jishoumushoku

4 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_14_2

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Miku)
Mafuyu: Kanade, Miku... Thank you for singing with me.
Kanade: You're welcome. But more importantly, I'm really glad that you asked me to sing with you.
Miku: Me too.
Mafuyu: I see...
Miku: Mafuyu. Did you end up learning anything when you went out with Kanade?
Mafuyu: I didn't...
Mafuyu: However... I think managed to figure out something else.
Kanade: Something else?
Mafuyu: Yes... When Kanade thanked me, my chest felt warm.
Mafuyu: It might be because I was able to help her.
Mafuyu: But I still don't really understand why my chest felt warm from just that...
Kanade: Mafuyu...
Kanade: That actually really makes me happy.
Mafuyu: It does?
Kanade: Yes. I don't know how you came to feel that way, but...
Kanade: I want to find out together with you. I want to know what you felt is called.
Mafuyu: Thank you...
Miku: Good for you, Mafuyu, Kanade.
Kanade: Yes, we have Hoshino and Ms. Mochizuki to thank for this. It'd be nice if we could all meet again...
