110 Shizuku's Birthday Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021shizuku_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Shizuku: Hello everyone! Thank you all so much for coming to my birthday fan meeting!
Airi: Thanks to Miku and Luka's help, we have a lot in store for all of you so let's all have a fun time!
Haruka: Well then, shall we start with the first segment?
Miku: Yeah! Let's do it!
Miku: How many can you get right? It's time for the Shizuku quiz!
Luka: Shizuku will now ask us questions about herself, so let's work together to find the correct answers.
Luka: Shizuku, if you would please♪
Shizuku: Of course. I'd love to!
Airi: I know that we told you to keep the questions secret, but... These are questions that we can answer, right?
Shizuku: Yes. I did prepare one reasonably difficult question, but I have faith in all of you.
Shizuku: Whoever answers the fastest is the winner. As soon as you know the answer to the question, make sure you shout it out, okay?
Minori: "Got it!"
Miku: "Got it!"
Shizuku: Alright then, question 1! What is my little sister's name?
Minori: Shiho!
Shizuku: Ding ding ding♪
Luka: So fast! That was amazing, Minori!
Minori: Hehehe. I had a feeling that question was going to be in there, so I came prepared!
Airi: Not bad, Minori! I won't lose next time!
Shizuku: Hehe. Next, question 2! My little sister's name is, Shiho. And my name is...
Minori: I know! It's Shizuku!
Shizuku: Yes, but... What is the meaning of my name?
Minori: What?! It was a trick question?!
Airi: You're the only one who would fall for a trick as obvious as that...
Haruka: But, the meaning of Shizuku's name, huh...
Luka: Oh, I remember now♪
Luka: It was because when you were born, the rain had just lifted and the droplets were sparkling from the sunlight.
Luka: Even though your name also means drops in Japanese, your mother saw that scene and named you Shizuku, in hopes that you can shine as brightly as those raindrops did that day.
Shizuku: Luka, you are correct!
Shizuku: My mother actually had a different name planned for me, but that scene had been so dear to her that she ended up naming me Shizuku instead.
Airi: Grrrr... I knew that one, but I can't believe I let Luka beat me to it because I was too busy teasing Minori.
Miku: But I'm surprised that you knew that, Luka.
Haruka: Oh, now that you mention it... When we first met Luka, we did have a conversation about our hobbies and the meanings of our names, didn't we?
Luka: Yes. I wanted to get to know everyone a little better, so I remember asking about a lot of things.
Shizuku: Hehe. Alright then, last question. It's pretty difficult, so please give yourselves some time to think before answering, okay?
Shizuku: I love going out for a walk during my spare time, but I often encounter an issue with something along the way. What would that be?
Miku: Hmmm. I thought it'd be something like having trouble finding your way back, but...
Airi: If you're saying it's a hard question, then it must be something else.
Minori: Hmmm... Is it something like, after seeing a cute cat or dog, you follow them and end up bringing them home?
Haruka: That... Sounds like it would cause a whole different set of issues.
Shizuku: I shall give you all a hint. This always happens when I go out for a walk on a warm day.
Airi: Hmmm... Oh, I got it!
Airi: You want to take a nap, but there's nowhere you can do so, right?!
Shizuku: Ding ding ding! Airi, you're absolutely correct!
Shizuku: It's always so easy to feel like taking a nap when you're all warm and relaxed.
Minori: Airi, that was amazing!
Miku: Yeah. Great work!
Airi: Well, we have known each other for a long time. I at least know this much.
Haruka: Hehe. Well, that brings us to the end of the "Shizuku quiz!"
Luka: Now it's time for the show you've been waiting for♪
Shizuku: Yes.
Shizuku: The song that we will be singing today is the same song I sang when I decided to face my fans and show them who I really am.
Shizuku: I'm going to sing with all that I have to show you all how far I've come.
Shizuku: I hope you enjoy it... Color of Drops.


2 [MUSIC] 89: Color of Drops

3 [mc] mc_bd_2021shizuku_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Miku: You were all so amazing!
Miku: Also, I really felt your emotions through the song, Shizuku!
Miku: Oh, it seems like everyone thinks so too.
Shizuku: Hehehe, I'm glad. Thank you, Miku. And thank you too, everyone!
Airi: Alright, to wrap things up, shall we do the honors?
Luka: Sounds great♪ Are you ready, everyone?
Airi: Okay! Here we go! Ready...!
Minori: "Happy birthday, Shizuku!"
Haruka: "Happy birthday, Shizuku!"
Airi: "Happy birthday, Shizuku!"
Miku: "Happy birthday, Shizuku!"
Luka: "Happy birthday, Shizuku!"
Shizuku: Minori, Haruka, Airi... Luka, Miku... Thank you!
Shizuku: Thank you all so much for today, everyone!
Shizuku: I know that I'm clumsy and not perfect at all, but regardless I'm going to work really hard so that I can deliver hope to everyone.
Shizuku: So, I hope that you will continue to support me as Shizuku Hinomori of MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: Thank you!
Shizuku: Please come and see us perform again in SEKAI. Bye bye.
