113 Same Dreams, Same Colors After Show (event_44)

1 [mc] mc_ev_street_06_1

(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
Len: So let's see... How about this photo? What are you guys doing here?
Toya: I was trying to start our campfire with Azusawa there to teach me how.
Rin: A campfire? Couldn't you just light some leaves instead of wood?
Toya: Apparently, the fire would go out immediately if we just used leaves.
Toya: That's why we gathered some leaves and smaller branches to start it. After that, we added some logs to keep it burning.
Len: Oh, I see! That sounds fun!
Rin: Hey, Len, we should try building a campfire too!
Len: Oh, that's a great idea! I'll go gather some branches!
Rin: Okay! Hold on... I don't think I've ever even seen any branches and stuff here before.
(Exit: Len)
Rin: Hey, Len, wait for me! I wanna go too!
(Exit: Rin)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Luka)
An: Hi, Toya! You said that you'd be going on ahead, but I didn't realize you meant here.
Toya: Yes. Len and Rin wanted me to show them the pictures I got from Azusawa.
Luka: Is that why we just saw Len and Rin running off screaming, "Campfire!"...?
Kohane: Because you showed them the photo of us building a campfire?
Toya: Yes. They said that they wanted to try doing it themselves.
Akito: Whoa, hold up a second. That's dangerous. Wouldn't be better for them to do it somewhere MEIKO or Luka can watch?
Luka: That's true, but MEIKO's the only one who has any matches so I'm sure it'll be fine.
Kohane: Thank goodness.
Kohane: Speaking of which... I didn't know that there was a place like this in SEKAI.
An: Right?! I've been wanting to check this place out ever since MEIKO told me that Len and Rin found a great place to practice opposite our usual spot.
Kohane: Yeah. This place has a great vibe to it.
Toya: I agree. I was surprised too when they led me here. It's definitely photo-album-worthy.
An: Besides that, thanks to Kohane, there are a lot of other great photos.
An: Oh, like that one where Toya looked like a bagworm!
Luka: Toya looking like a bagworm? What happened there?
Akito: Oh, you mean that photo of Toya all wrapped up in his sleeping bag?
An: Yeah, that one! I didn't expect Toya to like the sleeping bag so much. He really sank into it like it was made just for him!
Toya: Is that supposed to be a compliment...?
Kohane: Oh, I really like that photo of Aoyagi with that small bird perched on top of his head.
Akito: Yeah, that one. And the bird stayed there for like two to three minutes too.
An: I think it really liked him! That would've never happened if it was with you, Akito!
Akito: What's that supposed to mean?
Luka: How nice! All of these photos look great!
Luka: So, Toya, how was it finally being able to experience all these things?
Toya: All in all, simply amazing...
Toya: Even though we went to the forest in order to get a better idea of our song, I felt like I ended up learning a lot more than that.
Toya: I want to go out and experience more things like this moving forward...
Luka: Hehe. Good for you!
Toya: May I ask you all something?
Akito: Hm? What's up?
Toya: I'd like to sing with you all again while this feeling is still fresh in my mind.
Kohane: This feeling? Do you mean...?
Toya: I can't explain it very well, but... I think a "sense of unity" is the best way to put it.
Toya: I feel like it's something profound that came out of this experience.
An: Hehe. In that case, we can sing as many times as you want!
An: More importantly, let's keep going to different places together and develop that sense of unity even more!
Toya: Shiraishi... Yes, I'd like that as well.
Toya: Also, I'd like it if all of you would listen to our song. Are you ready?
Toya: Mirai.


2 [MUSIC] 180: Mirai

3 [mc] mc_ev_street_06_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Luka)
Toya: Phew... After singing, I can't help but reminisce about that night.
Akito: That night...? You mean when we sang while barbequing?
Toya: Yes.
Toya: I don't think I'll ever forget that moment as long as I keep singing.
Akito: There you go again with all that...
Toya: Hm? With what?
Akito: *Sigh*... Nevermind.
Kohane: "Hehe."
An: "Hehe."
Luka: Oh, that reminds me! Did you manage to capture that one scene on camera?
Kohane: Which scene? What are you referring to?
Luka: You know! When Toya climbed up the tree! You guys were telling me about it after the barbeque!
Toya: Ack...!
Luka: You made it sound like something that NEVER happens, so I was wondering if you had a photo of it...
An: Ah... No, we don't have a photo of that! Everything just happened so fast that time...
Luka: Oh? Really?
Luka: I would've loved to see that. You climbed up the tree really fast too, right, Toya?
Toya: W-Well, um...
Luka: Hm? What's wrong?
Akito: Uh... Luka, I think we should drop the subject.
Akito: Toya's scared of heights and sort of gets sick just thinking about it.
Luka: What?! Is that's true? I'm so sorry!
Toya: I-It's okay. That's all in the past now...
Kohane: But you really saved us back there, Aoyagi. If it weren't for you, we definitely wouldn't have been able to find our way back.
An: I know, right! You're our hero, Toya!
Toya: I see... I'm glad to hear that. I guess climbing that tree was worth it in the end.
Akito: Dude, your knees are shaking...
Toya: Huh...?!
Luka: Hehe. If you were able to throw yourself at a scary situation like that, I'm sure you'll be ready for whatever other experiences come your way!
Luka: We believe in you, Toya!
Toya: Th-Thank you!
Toya: Knowledge is certainly valuable, but knowing and understanding are very different things.
Toya: That's why I want to keep experiencing different things with you guys.
Toya: And I'd like it if you could all be there to watch over us.
An: I'm sure they'll be there for us from here on out too! I mean they have until now, right?
Kohane: Yeah! I believe so too!
Akito: Anyway, we should get back to practicing. Let's make the most of everything, good or bad, and sing songs that can really knock everyone off their feet.
Kohane: "Yeah!"
An: "Yeah!"
Toya: Yes, let's!
