116 Len's Anniversary Show 2022

1 [mc] mc_bd_2021len_1

(Enter: Len)
(Enter: KAITO)
Len: Oh! Hey, everyone! Welcome! Are you all here to celebrate my anniversary?
Len: You are?! In that case, maybe I'll just take you all along with me!
KAITO: Len, are you really going to SEKAI? I think Miku and the others have already started preparing for the party, though...
Len: But I really want to see what the SEKAI versions of us are doing to celebrate!
KAITO: I see. Alright, but just for a little bit, okay?
Len: Yeah! Then, let's go!


2 [mc] mc_bd_2021len_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
Akito: I guess it's about time we get started.
Toya: Yeah. Len, Rin, are you ready?
Len: I'm ready whenever you are!
Rin: I'm prepped and ready to go too!
An: How about you guys? You ready to celebrate?
An: I like the sound of that! Here we go!
An: Len! Rin! Happy anniversary!
Kohane: "Happy anniversary!"
Akito: "Happy anniversary!"
Toya: "Happy anniversary!"
Len: Yay! Thanks, you guys!
Rin: Thank you too, everyone!
Kohane: Hehe. You're welcome!
Akito: Alright, let's get right into the partner showdown that you wanted to do, Len!
Len: Yeah!
Len: Hey everyone! Rin and I will be going up against An and Kohane in a song together!
Len: After the song ends, we're gonna ask you to be the judge to tell us which pair performed better. So listen up, okay?
Rin: Kohane, An. Don't go easy on us just because it's our anniversary, alright?
An: Don't worry, because we're going all in!


3 [MUSIC] 26: BRING IT ON

4 [mc] mc_bd_2021len_3

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
Len: Hey everyone! Thank you for listening to our song!
Rin: Those of you who thought our performance was good, please show us a round of applause!
Kohane: Wow! Such loud applause. As expected of Len and Rin!
An: Yeah, but that doesn't mean we've lost!
An: For all of you who thought Kohane and I's performance was good, please make some noise!
Len: Hmm... So, who won?
Toya: That's a good question. They both sounded about the same...
Akito: I guess it's a tie then.
Len: Awww, so neither of us got to win.
Rin: But, when we were singing, I was feeling way more excited than usual!
Kohane: Yes, me too!
An: Haha. Well, today is Rin and Len's anniversary, so as long as the two of you had a lot of fun, then that's more than enough.
Akito: Oh geez... I was a little uneasy about what was going to happen when you suddenly said that you wanted to do a showdown before the party.
Toya: Hehe. Well, learning that this is another way of celebrating is definitely new and interesting to me.
Toya: Even though it was on such short notice, thank you for agreeing to help us, everyone.
Len: Thank you so much! Thanks to you all, today was so much more fun!
Rin: "Bye bye!"
Len: "Bye bye!"


5 [mc] mc_bd_2021len_4

(Enter: Len)
(Enter: KAITO)
Len: That partner showdown was so cool!
KAITO: It was. I was even on the edge of my seat.
Len: Same here! I mean, we can sing together as a combo too. I kind of want to sing one now...
KAITO: But Miku and the others are preparing a party for you. We don't have the time to spend in SEKAI...
Len: KAITOOOO One song! It's just one song, pretty please...!
KAITO: Oh, alright. I guess we can sing one song.
Len: Yay!
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
MEIKO: Len! KAITO!
Luka: Where are you two?
Miku: Oh, Len, KAITO! We've finished preparing for the party!
Miku: Rin said that she has something that she needed to do, so I think she'll be here soon.
KAITO: Huh? You've already finished preparing? Oh dear, I would've helped out...
MEIKO: Don't worry about it! More importantly, were you two about to sing?
Luka: If so, would it be alright if we join in on the fun with the two of you?
KAITO: I like that! That sounds like a lot of fun!
Len: Sounds great! Then, if you would please!
Miku: Got it. Leave it to us!
Len: Hey everyone! Since it's my anniversary today, I'm gonna show you all something really cool!
Len: Alright, start the music!


6 [MUSIC] 2: ROKI

7 [mc] mc_bd_2021len_5

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Len: Hehehe! What did you all think? Pretty cool, right?
KAITO: I'm glad that everyone enjoyed it.
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Hey! You guys!
Len: Oh, Rin. You're here!
Rin: Yeah. I was trying to wrap the gift neatly, and I had to redo it so many times that I didn't realize I was running late...
Rin: Um... Did you all celebrate already?
Luka: No, we were just getting started.
Rin: Really?! That's a relief!
MEIKO: Well then! Let's all celebrate together!
KAITO: Alright, on a count of three. One, two... three!
KAITO: Happy anniversary, Len!
Miku: "Happy anniversary!"
Rin: "Happy anniversary!"
Luka: "Happy anniversary!"
MEIKO: "Happy anniversary!"
Len: Thank you!
Len: Thank you for celebrating with me too, everyone!
Len: It was the same when I was singing, but everyone wishing me a happy anniversary really does make today feel like one!
Len: Hehe. I can't help but smile and it feels like I've been like this the whole day.
KAITO: Well, isn't that a good thing? I know that everyone definitely would've wanted you to smile anyway.
Luka: That's true. Besides, we're happy that you were able to spend your whole anniversary smiling, Len.
Len: I guess I've gotta celebrate and enjoy today to the fullest!
MEIKO: Well then, in that case, you'll need to enjoy the party we have planned after this first!
Len: Yeah!
Len: Let's meet again in SEKAI sometime, you guys! Bye bye!
