118 The Tomorrow We Hope For After Show (event_45)

1 [MUSIC] 15: drop pop candy

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_15_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
An: Phew...! Thank you, everyone!
An: Thanks to you too, Rin, Luka! Because of you two, that went perfect♪
Rin: You're welcome!
Luka: I'm glad that we were able to help you out for your first practice of the year.
Kohane: I think we all feel more motivated than usual after visiting that shrine! Shinonome and Aoyagi were also pretty enthusiastic...
Toya: Maybe a little too enthusiastic considering how much we sang.
Akito: He's right... We've been singing nonstop since coming here after our shrine visit.
Akito: Why don't we go grab a drink at MEIKO's place?
Rin: Hold on, does that mean you're actually going to drink whiskey this time?!
Akito: No way. I'm still underage.
Luka: Haha. That's something to enjoy when you become an adult.
Luka: But I never expected MEIKO to do anything like that. I feel like you've taught me something I never would've known.
Rin: Wait, Luka, I know what you're doing. You just want to use this to tease MEIKO, huh?
Luka: Maybe♪
Toya: Speaking of unexpected, I was surprised to find out that Hanasato and Momoi were in the same group.
Akito: Oh yeah, that... Talk about a small world.
Luka: It just goes to show that people can be connected in the most unexpected ways.
An: I know, right?! And these encounters can lead to further connections. It'd be great to meet more and more new faces this year...!
Kohane: More new faces, huh...? I still always get so nervous when meeting someone new for the first time...
Kohane: But I bet it'll be so much fun becoming friends with so many different people.
An: Yeah!
An: Since Haruka and the others are idols, they probably have way more opportunities to meet new people.
An: Being an idol sounds pretty cool when you think of it that way! They can even connect with all of their fans online too!
Kohane: That's true! Minori told me how happy she was when she realized her fanbase was growing.
Toya: Really? That's great to hear.
Akito: Yeah. I mean, a performance isn't much of a performance if there's no one there to watch.
Kohane: Exactly! It's been some time since we visited the shrine, but I how do you think they're all doing now?


3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_15_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Rin)
Haruka: Alright, are you all ready?
Minori: Yeah! I'm ready whenever!
Airi: Our first show of the new year... Let's kick it off with a big bang and really spread hope to everyone!
Shizuku: Yes! I can already feel the energy fluttering in my stomach!
Airi: Fluttering...? It should be surging!
Rin: They're so amazing! They're already putting on a show just after finishing helping out as shrine maidens!
Miku (MMJ): They said that there were so many people who visited to made their wishes that it made them feel like singing. That's so like them♪
Haruka: Hehe. Alright then...
Haruka: Let's all keep moving forward and spreading hope so that everyone's wishes can come true...!


4 [MUSIC] 57: Newly Edgy Idols

5 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_15_3

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Rin)
Haruka: Everyone, thank you!
Miku (MMJ): Thank you all so much!
Haruka: This crossed my mind while helping out at the shrine, but seeing people have hope in their eyes really is wonderful...
Haruka: It's like the hearts of the people who are determined to do their best in the new year are beaming with hope.
Rin: Yeah! I totally get what you mean! Like how everyone here is shining, right?!
Minori: Exactly! It's like everybody's shine is lighting up the stage!
Airi: I agree. It's because of our fans that we're able to be idols. You're all the reason why we can stand on this stage.
Shizuku: We look forward to having your support this year as well, everyone. We promise to keep doing everything we can to spread as much hope as possible!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. What an amazing show this was♪
Miku (MMJ): Oh, that reminds me, weren't you all talking about drawing fortunes just a little while ago?
Minori: Huh?
Miku (MMJ): So, what did you all get?
Airi: Oh, that's...
Shizuku: Yes, um...
Rin: Huh? Whatcha get? Was it really that bad?!
Haruka: Hehe. As it so happens, we each got a "good blessing".
Miku (MMJ): What? You all got the same thing?
Airi: We sure did! But it doesn't really make for great content, you know? If only I drew a "great curse" or something...!
Shizuku: We weren't streaming so I think it was okay for us to not worry about making it interesting, Airi.
Airi: Yeah, I know... But still!
Haruka: But... I'm actually glad we all got the same fortune.
Minori: Really? Why?
Haruka: Because it felt like we were all on the same starting line.
Haruka: None of us had better or worse luck, which means we should be able to carve out our own futures with our own hands.
Minori: Haruka, you're amazing! That was so cool!
Airi: Yeah, she might be right. I guess it's not such a bad thing when you put it that way, Haruka.
Shizuku: I agree with Airi. I mean, we're lucky enough to have Haruka as our leader.
Haruka: Hehe. I was only the leader when we were helping out as shrine maidens, remember?
Haruka: But since, we're on that topic... As the leader, I have one piece of advice for everyone.
Minori: Advice for us?
Rin: Oh, I wanna hear!
Haruka: Once you get home after today... Make sure to take a bath and have a good soak!
Haruka: After standing out in the cold for so long, your muscles are bound to tighten up. So don't settle for just a shower.
Minori: R-Roger!
Rin: Good idea!
Haruka: And then, make sure to massage your legs...
Airi: Hey, Shizuku... She's sounding a lot more like a trainer than a leader, don't you think?
Shizuku: Hehe. But she's not wrong, so I think it's a wonderful piece of advice.
Miku (MMJ): Haruka does always talk about how important it is to take good care of your body as an idol.
Haruka: How about you, Shizuku, Airi? Are you making sure to stay warm?
Shizuku: Don't worry, Haruka! I brought some miso soup with me, so I'll be just fine.
Airi: Oh geez, you brought miso soup again?!
Shizuku: Yes. It's the instant kind this time but, I've made sure to bring some for everyone. I even brought some hot water, so why don't we all have some together after this?
Haruka: I had no idea. Well, as long as it helps keep us warm.
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm glad you like my idea. I also brought some clear soup to go along with it..
Minori: Wow, this is turning out to be a really traditional New Year's...!
Haruka: Oh, that reminds me...
Haruka: Everyone! I have a feeling that there are going to be a lot of unexpected things coming our way, but...
Haruka: Let's all work hard together to make this year a good one!
