119 Happy New Year 2023 Show Leo/need

1 [mc] mc_2022newyear_01_1

(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku (Ln): Ready...?
Miku (Ln): "Happy New Year!"
Rin: "Happy New Year!"
Len: "Happy New Year!"
Luka: "Happy New Year!"
MEIKO: "Happy New Year!"
Miku (Ln): Thank you for coming to see Ichika and the others perform.
KAITO: I can't help but feel anxious...
Rin: Haha☆ Even though you aren't the one performing, KAITO?
Luka: You did help them practice a lot for today, didn't you?
MEIKO: Yeah, you're acting as if you're about to send your children off into the world.
KAITO: My children...? Well, that may not be far off...
KAITO: Regardless, it's the first show of the year, so I want them to do their best.
Rin: They'll be fine☆ I mean, this is Ichika and the girls we're talking about!
Len: What? That doesn't even make sense.
Luka: Well then, I think it's about time we invite the main stars to the stage.
Len: Anyway, we'll be over there watching. Let's all have a fun time, everyone!
(Exit: Rin)
(Exit: Len)
(Exit: MEIKO)
(Exit: KAITO)
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
Saki: Wow, this is amazing! Look at all these people here!
Shiho: Saki, wait! We're supposed to greet the audience first.
Saki: I know♪
Ichika: Hehe. Anyway, without further ado.
Ichika: Everyone!
Ichika: "Happy New Year!"
Saki: "Happy New Year!"
Honami: "Happy New Year!"
Shiho: "Happy New Year!"
Ichika: Thank you for all of your support this past year.
Honami: We did quite a lot, didn't we? From performing in shows as Leo/need to writing our own songs...
Saki: Yeah! It wasn't always easy, but we managed to get through it because we had each other, as well as Miku, Luka and everyone else!
Luka: Hehe. You're very welcome.
Luka: But the most important part is that none of you girls gave up.
Luka: Just take a look. I'm sure everyone here will agree with me on that.
Honami: Wow...! Thank you, everyone!
Honami: We always receive so much support and encouragement from all of you whenever we perform in SEKAI.
Saki: Yeah! We want you all to keep supporting us, so we promise to bring you the best performances and sing the most amazing songs this year!
Miku (Ln): Hehe. The best shows and the most amazing songs, huh? You're all going to have to work pretty hard to keep up your end of that bargain.
Shiho: We know. Alright, everyone, let's get started.
Ichika: Yeah!
Ichika: Just to reiterate what Saki said, "We want you all to keep supporting us, so we promise to bring you the best performances and sing the most amazing songs."
Ichika: Firstly, the song that started it all...
Ichika: needLe...!


2 [MUSIC] 63: needLe

3 [mc] mc_2022newyear_01_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: Luka)
Luka: Good work, everyone. Your feelings really shined through as you played that song.
Miku (Ln): I thought the same thing as I was singing too.
Honami: Really? That's wonderful...!
Ichika: It really is...! I thought I already knew that songs are filled with a myriad of different feeling and emotions, but actually writing our own taught me otherwise.
Ichika: It's actually why I want to be able to deliver everything that's been packed into these songs to all of you.
Miku (Ln): Sounds like a plan! Let's keep that energy up for the next one.
Shiho: We will. I mean, this next one also has a special place in our hearts.
Saki: Exactly!
Saki: This is the song we sang when we realized what sort of feelings we wanted to put into our music, wasn't it?
Saki: Alright! Let's look back upon that time as we give it our all!
Ichika: Here we go. From Tokyo!


4 [MUSIC] 130: From Tokyo

5 [mc] mc_2022newyear_01_3

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: Luka)
Saki: Thank you for listening, everyone!
Luka: That was a wonderful performance. You can even tell from the look on Rin's face over there.
Luka: Hehe. See?
Saki: Whoa! Rin, thank you so much!!
Shiho: Hehe...
Miku (Ln): You seem content, Shiho.
Shiho: Huh? Oh... I was just thinking about much you've all improved, Ichika, Saki, Honami.
Shiho: I know I'm hard on you during practice, but you all work so hard to make sure you have everything down pat by our next practice session.
Saki: Of course we work hard! We're trying to go pro together, right?! That's the least we can do!
Honami: Yes. Going pro might have been your dream at first, Shiho, but it's our dream now. Leo/need's dream.
Ichika: She's right. So let's all keep working hard.
Shiho: Thanks, I'll be counting on all of you...
Shiho: Thank you for joining us today, everyone.
Shiho: Having you all here has been amazing, and we've been able to play better as a result.
Ichika: The four of us are going to keep working hard on our shows and original songs.
Saki: Especially shows! We're gonna make our next one more exciting than ever before!
Honami: I guess we'll need to practice even harder to achieve that too.
Ichika: That's right.
Luka: We're also very much looking forward to how you're all going grow moving forward.
Miku (Ln): Right. We'll always be here for you in SEKAI, so feel free to visit whenever.
Luka: Yes, please do, or Miku will start getting all lonely.
Miku (Ln): W-What?! L-Luka!
Ichika: "Hehehe." "Haha."
Saki: "Hehehe." "Haha."
Honami: "Hehehe." "Haha."
Shiho: "Hehehe." "Haha."
Ichika: Please feel free to come to SEKAI if you ever want to hear us sing again.
Saki: We'll be waiting!
Shiho: Now, to cap everything off...
Honami: Okay, ready? One, two...
Ichika: "We'll be counting on your support this year too!"
Saki: "We'll be counting on your support this year too!"
Honami: "We'll be counting on your support this year too!"
Shiho: "We'll be counting on your support this year too!"
