121 Happy New Year 2023 Show Vivid BAD SQUAD

1 [mc] mc_2022newyear_03_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
An: Everything on MEIKO's special New Year's menu was so good! Especially the cake!
Kohane: Oh, you mean the Mont Blanc cake with the chestnuts and black beans?
Akito: Not only that, we got to see Toya chowing down on some sweets for a change.
Toya: Yes. It was sweet in a very natural way, which made it so gentle on the palette.
An: I know, right?! Luka was smiling the whole time while eating it too. Almost like her mouth was jumping for joy, you know?
Toya: Hehe... Len and Rin were in a panic trying to stop her from eating Miku and KAITO's share.
Kohane: Hehe. I remember that too.
Akito: Speaking of which, where are Miku and KAITO?
Akito: They invited us over to sing to help digest everything we ate, and I was sure they'd be here...
Toya: Well, why don't we ask them?
Akito: Huh?
An: Great idea, Toya! Let's welcome them into the new year while we're at it!
Kohane: Yeah!
Akito: Fine.
Toya: Happy New Year, everyone. We'll be looking forward to your support this upcoming year.
Kohane: Please keep supporting us!
An: Please and thanks!
Akito: We're counting on you.
Toya: Apologies for the sudden request, but did any of you happen to see Miku or KAITO around here?
Kohane: Sound like they don't know where they are either...
An: Yeah. I guess we just have to keep looking.
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Miku)
KAITO: Oh, you're all here!
An: KAITO! Miku! Thank goodness! We looked all over for you two.
Miku: Sorry, we were getting the speakers over there ready. They're all set up now, so we're ready to sing whenever you are.
An: Awesome! You guys ready?
Toya: Yes. It's our first show of the new year, so let's give it everything we have.
Akito: "Yeah!"
Kohane: "Yeah!"
An: Feel free to join in on the fun too, you guys!


2 [MUSIC] 126: Cinema

3 [mc] mc_2022newyear_03_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Miku)
Akito: Thanks for listening, you guys!
KAITO: Wonderful! I'm glad they enjoyed everything so much.
Miku: It is a song with a lot of energy. Even I got really into it during that performance.
Akito: Alright, let's jump right into our next song while we got the crowd on our side.
Toya: But which one...?
Kohane: I know! How about Ready Steady?
Kohane: It's the start of a new year, so it'd be great to sing a song that motivates everyone to try and overcome anything that comes their way.
An: I like the sound of that! Plus, it was the song that started it all for us!
Miku: Okay, I'm in too.
Akito: You guys all ready?
Toya: Seems like it. Azusawa, if you don't mind.
Kohane: Okay!
Kohane: Here we go. Ready Steady!


4 [MUSIC] 54: Ready Steady

5 [mc] mc_2022newyear_03_3

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: KAITO)
Kohane: Thanks for being such a great audience, you guys!
An: It always feels so good to sing in SEKAI, doesn't it?!
Kohane: Yeah. Is it because it was born from our feelings?
KAITO: I think that does play a part in it, but I would say your personal experiences matter just as much.
Toya: Our personal experiences?
KAITO: Yes. I'm guessing that everything you've experienced so far has naturally found its way into your music, no?
Miku: I agree. I'd say the more you feel and the more you experience that these things become increasingly intertwined within your hearts.
Toya: I see... Our feelings and experiences...
Akito: I can't really disagree...
Akito: We know now that there are things we can't overcome unless we work together as a team.
An: Right...
An: While we each have our own individual challenges, clearing them lets us grow as a team!
Toya: Agreed. With that in mind, I hope we can make this a year where we can do just that and strengthen our bond.
Kohane: Yeah!
Kohane: Thank you all for joining us today. We promise to keep working hard so that we keep growing!
Toya: We'll be counting on your support.
An: Bye bye!
Akito: See ya!
(Exit: Kohane)
(Exit: An)
(Exit: Akito)
(Exit: Toya)
(Exit: Miku)
(Exit: KAITO)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Len: Oh! Hey everyone! Happy New Year!
Rin: "Happy New Year!"
Luka: "Happy New Year!"
MEIKO: "Happy New Year!"
Rin: Huh? Where is everybody?
Len: Oh, I see...
Len: Seems like Akito and the others went somewhere to practice.
Rin: What?! Aww, it's 'cause Luka told us to come after they finished singing!
Luka: Haha. Sorry. It was a song filled with so much determination and emotion that I wanted to give it my full attention.
MEIKO: Hehe. Listening to that song makes me look forward to how much they're going to grow this year. How exciting.
Len: Yeah! We better make sure that we don't get left behind, Rin!
Rin: Yeah! Let's go practice too!
Luka: Oh, in that case, would it be okay if MEIKO and I tag along?
MEIKO: Huh? Me too?
Luka: Well, when you were listening to the song earlier, you looked like you wanted to sing it too.
Rin: Really? Then let's all practice together!
MEIKO: I suppose so. Everyone's out practicing anyway, so it probably won't matter if the cafe is closed.
Len: Then it's settled! Let's go train!
Luka: Yeah!
Rin: Please come again, everyone!
Len: Because next time we'll be showing you the fruits of our labor!
Luka: Bye bye!
