128 Luka's Anniversary Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022luka_1

(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
Luka: Rin? Hey, Rin? I said I'm sorry. Please, won't you forgive me?
Rin: Hmph...
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
Kohane: There you are, Luka! We were just looking for you.
Luka: Oh, I'm so glad you're here! I need your help!
Luka: ...is what happened!
Toya: So Rin was looking all over for you to celebrate your anniversary, and when she hinted at what day today was...
Akito: You kept teasing and jerking her around by giving her bogus answers.
Luka: B-Bogus...? I was just trying to be playful when she asked, "Do you know what day it is today?"
Luka: Still, I suppose I took things a bit too far. It explains why she felt so down after exclaiming, "Why won't you just give me a straight answer?!"
An: The thing is, Rin was really excited about getting everything ready for today.
Toya: Yes, she was. She even kept saying out loud, "I hope Luka like what we have in store for her."
Luka: Oh no...! What should I do?!
Kohane: I... I have a suggestion! What if we did this?
Akito: You're serious?
Luka: B-But this might be the only way! Please, you're my only hope at this point!
Luka: Oh me, oh my! Isn't there anyone out there who'd sing with me? I'm in the perfect mood to celebrate right now!
An: That's your cue, Akito!
Akito: How about I sing with you? Oh, wait! Unfortunately, I'm not feeling well. *Cough*
Toya: *Cough* Pardon me, Luka... I'm also not feeling well.
Luka: O-Oh no...! Akito and Toya are both down for the count...! At this rate, I won't be able to find someone to sing with me in time!
An: Don't worry, Luka! We'll sing with you!
Kohane: Yeah! We'll twice as hard to make up for Shinonome and Aoyagi!
Luka: Kohane, An! Thank you so much...! But... But...!
Luka: I'd really prefer it if there were four of us singing together! Isn't there anyone else who can join us?
Luka: J-Just one more person... Um... Ideally someone with a big, adorable bow on her head! That would make me so happy!
Rin: H-Hehe...
Rin: Haha! You guys are terrible actors!
Luka: Rin!
Luka: I'm so sorry. All you wanted to do was celebrate my anniversary, but I just kept teasing and jerking you around... I realize that I've been an awful person, so please, sing with me!
Rin: I'm not mad at you anymore, so you don't have to keep apologizing.
Rin: I'm here now because I want us to celebrate your anniversary together. So yes, I'd love to sing with you.
Luka: Thank you so much!
Akito: All's well that ends well.
An: Alright, all that's left is to sing our hearts out!
Luka: Right! Feel free to join in, everyone♪


2 [MUSIC] 15: drop pop candy

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022luka_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
Luka: Thank you for listening, everyone! All of your support and cheering made it feel really great to sing♪
Luka: And thank you all for singing with me.
An: Hehe. You're welcome!
Rin: It is your anniversary after all. I wanted to liven it up as much as I could.
Luka: I see...
Luka: Also, thank you both playing along, Akito, Toya♪
Akito: We really didn't do much but... You're welcome.
Toya: Everyone's already waiting over at MEIKO's place to start celebrating. Shall we head over together, Luka?
Rin: Oh, I'm coming too. They were the ones who told me to go find her in the first place!
Luka: Then we should hurry on over!
Luka: Thank you so much for today, everyone! See you later!


4 [mc] mc_bd_2022luka_3

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku: Okay, all together now... Ready...?
Miku: Happy anniversary, Luka!
Rin: "Happy anniversary!"
Len: "Happy anniversary!"
MEIKO: "Happy anniversary!"
KAITO: "Happy anniversary!"
KAITO: Oh, Luka! Look! It looks like everyone else is here to also wish you a happy anniversary!
Luka: Oh my, you're right!
Luka: Thank you all for joining us!
Luka: Huh? What's that...?
Luka: I see. I'm glad to hear that the SEKAI version of me is also happily celebrating their anniversary.
Rin: That means we should crank things up and make sure we party even harder than them, Luka!
MEIKO: I agree! To start, let's do a special show right now!
Luka: Sounds good!
Luka: I'm hoping that by singing, our thoughts, feelings and music will keep us all connected.
Luka: So, here we go...!


5 [MUSIC] 2: ROKI

6 [mc] mc_bd_2022luka_4

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Luka: I feel how closely connected we are each time I sing which song, which fills my heart with so much joy.
Luka: Were you all able to feel that connection I'm talking about too...?
Len: Whoa! It sure sounds like a lot of them did!
KAITO: I felt all warm and fuzzy inside just listening to you sing. I have to think everybody here did as well.
Luka: Hehe. That's wonderful.
Luka: Once again, thank you for joining me in celebrating my anniversary today.
Luka: I couldn't be happier to see all of you here like this. I know this day also means just that much to you.
Luka: I think it's a sign of just how connected we are through our feelings and music.
Luka: I'm going to keep singing so that we can stay connected as much as possible.
Luka: So please drop by again. Bye bye!
