131 The Legend Still Vivid After Show (event_49)

1 [mc] mc_ev_street_07_1

(Enter: Kohane)
Kohane: Think... Remember what you saw...
Kohane: Huh? Where is everyone...?
Kohane: Oh... I guess I got here a lot earlier than I thought.
Kohane: No, you're all laughing... *Sob*
Kohane: Hehe. Fortunately... Something really good happened the other day.
Kohane: I was lucky enough to get to see RAD WEEKEND.
Kohane: Okay, it was really just a video... But it was so incredible!
Kohane: An and Shinonome always have this spark in their eyes whenever they talk about it, so I was sure that this event had to be something really spectacular...
Kohane: It was so so sooo much more amazing than I ever imagined!
Kohane: And after watching that video, my desire to surpass RAD WEEKEND grew even stronger... A lot stronger...
Kohane: It was originally An's dream to give to me, but now it really feels like it's OUR dream.
Kohane: Hehe. Thank you!
Kohane: I promise to do my best! So I'd love it if you could all be there to watch.
(Enter: An)
An: There you are, Kohane!
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Len)
An: You're here so early! What's the occasion?
Kohane: Oh, um... I actually got the meeting time wrong...
Toya: Ah, I see. Incidentally, we managed to get out of class a little early today.
Akito: Yeah, we decided to get together to practice until you arrived, but ended up stopping by MEIKO's place for a quick bite before coming here.
Kohane: Oh, okay.
Len: I was just talking about RAD WEEKEND with everyone.
Len: It really was an amazing event, huh?! I was so moved while watching it!
Len: I know that it's gonna be really, really tough to actually surpass...
Len: But I'm betting that it'll feel like the best thing ever when you guys do pull it off!!
Kohane: "Yeah!" "Yup." "Agreed."
An: "Yeah!" "Yup." "Agreed."
Akito: "Yeah!" "Yup." "Agreed."
Toya: "Yeah!" "Yup." "Agreed."
Miku: That reminds me... I heard that your singing's improved again, Kohane.
Kohane: Huh? My singing...?
Toya: I believe you have your "imagining the view" training to thank for that.
Kohane: Oh, you might be right...!
Kohane: Seeing that video of RAD WEEKEND, as well as where it actually happened, is probably why I have such a clearer idea of what I need to do now.
Kohane: I have your dad and Taiga to thank for that, An!
An: But I still don't understand why my dad didn't tell us about that DVD sooner.
An: He says that, "I was asked to hold on to this one and forgot about it." But I know he's not exactly the forgetful type.
Toya: That's true... Are there any other reasons that immediately come to mind?
Akito: Other reasons...?
Len: Regardless, I'm glad you guys stumbled across it!
Len: Thanks to your discovery, we know what RAD WEEKEND was actually like now!
Kohane: Hehe. That's true too.
Miku: Um, Kohane... Would it be alright if I heard you guys sing?
Kohane: Huh?
Miku: I want to hear what you all sound like now that you have an clear image of what RAD WEEKEND was like.
Miku: I'm sure what you're thinking and feeling right now will really shine through if you sing.
Kohane: Oh...!
Kohane: Yeah, okay! I'll try singing with my current thoughts and feelings in mind!
Len: Oh, me too! Mind if I join you guys?
Kohane: Yeah, of course!
An: Alright, you guys! Let's make this a fun one!
Akito: "Yeah!" "Yes!"
Toya: "Yeah!" "Yes!"
Kohane: Here we go, everyone!
Kohane: Flyer!


2 [MUSIC] 182: Flyer!

3 [mc] mc_ev_street_07_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Len)
Kohane: Everyone! This is what we're feeling right now!
Len: Yay!!! They all sound really hyped!
Miku: Hehe. I think they heard you loud and clear, Kohane.
Akito: Looks like we were all on the same wavelength today.
Toya: I agree. It's similar to that time we all sang together when we went camping.
An: Looks like we took another step forward as a team, huh?
Kohane: Yeah!
Kohane: Let's practice more, you guys! I want to try some different kinds of singing techniques today.
An: Look at you, Kohane! In that case, let's sing until we're completely out of breath!
Len: Oh, I wanna sing too! Let's all practice together!
Akito: You sure, Len? Don't push yourself too hard, alright?
Toya: Make sure to stay hydrated as well.
Len: I got this! A little bit of practice isn't going to tire me out so easily!
Miku: Hehe. Alright, let's get started.
Kohane: Let's all do our best today, everyone!
Len: Yeah!!
