132 Valentine's Day Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_valentine_2022_1

(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Oh! Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!
Miku: You're here just in time too. It looks like the others in SEKAI are about to celebrate Valentine's Day, so I was thinking about going over to take a look.
Miku: Would you all like to come along?
Miku: Great! Let's go!


2 [mc] mc_valentine_2022_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Luka)
An: Alright, ready...?
An: "Happy Valentine's Day!"
Kohane: "Happy Valentine's Day!"
MEIKO: Oh, are these chocolates for us?
Kohane: Yes. This is our little gift to you for always being there for us.
An: We went a little above and beyond by baking chocolate fondant for you guys! Please warm it up at the cafe before digging in!
Rin: Oh, I've seen this before! This is the thing where chocolate flows out from the inside, right?
Luka: That's right. On top of being delicious, it's also fun when you break it open! A dessert that just keeps on giving♪
Miku (VBS): That's amazing. This couldn't have been easy to bake.
Kohane: It was our first time trying, but all we really had to do was mix the ingredients and follow the recipe's instructions.
Rin: Really?! I kinda want to try baking one now!
Miku (VBS): Yeah, me too. I've developed an interest in baking and cooking recently.
An: "Really?"
MEIKO: "Really?"
Luka: Then, why don't I be the taste tester♪
Kohane: Oh, in that case, I'll bring the recipe we used to make it since it was so easy to follow!
Miku (VBS): Thanks. I really appreciate it...
MEIKO: A-Actually, I'm pretty interested in trying out that recipe as well! When you're about to give it a go, MAKE SURE you come to me first, okay?
Miku (VBS): Yes, of course. I mean, we'll need to borrow your kitchen anyway, MEIKO.
An: I guess they'll be okay as long as you're there with them, MEIKO...
Kohane: Speaking of which, do you happen to know where Len and KAITO are? We made some chocolate fondant for them as well...
Rin: Oh, I'll be meeting them after this! We made plans to practice together.
Miku (VBS): I'll be joining them as well, so why don't we all meet up at MEIKO's place afterward?
Kohane: Okay, that sounds good.
Miku (VBS): Got it. Then, we'll see you all later.
Rin: Thanks for the chocolate fondant! I'll be savoring every bite after practice!
(Exit: Miku-VBS)
(Exit: Rin)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
Luka: Oh, you're both here. Hello there!
Luka: Speaking of which, did you two already receive your chocolate fondants?
Toya: Yes. Thank you for not making mine too sweet. It was delicious and easy on the palette.
An: You're welcome! We wanted you to enjoy it, so Kohane and I discussed how to go about making it just right for you.
Akito: To be fair, ours felt like a test batch for the ones you ended up baking for Miku and the others.
An: Yeah, you say that now... But I didn't hear any complaints when you were eating yours.
MEIKO: Truth be told, Akito has a tendency to fall eerily silent whenever he's eating something that's good or something he likes.
Luka: Oh, is that so?
Akito: Alright, that's enough. Let's get practicing...
Toya: Okay.
An: Hehe. We're ready whenever you are. Right, Kohane?
Kohane: Yeah! Let's sing!


3 [MUSIC] 180: Mirai

4 [mc] mc_valentine_2022_3

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Luka: Welcome back, Miku. How was Valentine's Day in the others' SEKAI?
Miku: They were having so much fun. All of them exchanged gifts to show their appreciation for one another.
MEIKO: That's so wonderful! One of the key hallmarks of Valentine's Day, I say!
MEIKO: It gives everybody an opportunity to say the things that they can't quite say under normal circumstances.
KAITO: Exactly. And when you're on the receiving end of that, you can't help but smile.
Rin: Also, that warm and fuzzy feeling makes chocolates taste so much better for some reason, you know?
Len: Haha. You and your insatiable appetite, Rin.
KAITO: You ate your chocolates as soon as you got them, so I'd say you're not any different, Len.
Len: What?! You saw?!
KAITO: I did, but I also understand why. I couldn't help myself either and ended up eating about half of my share.
Luka: Just being reminded of the thought that went into these made them taste just that much sweeter. It was really a marvelous sensation.
Rin: Yeah!
Rin: Now I feel like putting these feelings into song.
Luka: Oh, that sounds wonderful.
Miku: Yes, it does. Since we have everyone gathered here, why don't we all sing?
Luka: Alright, everyone, let's have some fun together.


5 [MUSIC] 41: Sweet Magic

6 [mc] mc_valentine_2022_4

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Rin: Thanks for listening, you guys!
Miku: Sounds like they all had a lovely time.
Luka: I did as well. Just hearing you all sing filled me with warmth and joy. It was very fun.
Miku: Really? I'm glad.
MEIKO: That reminds me. You can always give yourself a little treat for Valentine's Day, no?
Luka: That's right. Actually, I already have something prepared.
Rin: I want something too! Maybe I'll go get some for myself.
Len: Wait, why are we rewarding ourselves?
Rin: Um, well...
Miku: Instead of treating it like a reward, why don't we say it's a way to commemorate all the fun we had together this Valentine's Day?
KAITO: Oh, that's a wonderful idea! That way, we'll be able to share our chocolates with everybody here.
Len: Yeah! Nice one, Miku!
Miku: "Hehe." "Haha."
Rin: "Hehe." "Haha."
Len: "Hehe." "Haha."
Luka: "Hehe." "Haha."
MEIKO: "Hehe." "Haha."
KAITO: "Hehe." "Haha."
Miku: It was so much fun spending Valentine's Day together with all of you.
Luka: There's still plenty of time left to celebrate, so let's try to make the most of today.
Miku: Ready...?
Miku: "Happy Valentine's Day!"
Rin: "Happy Valentine's Day!"
Len: "Happy Valentine's Day!"
Luka: "Happy Valentine's Day!"
MEIKO: "Happy Valentine's Day!"
KAITO: "Happy Valentine's Day!"
Miku: See you later!
