134 That day, the Sky was Far Away After Show (event_50)

1 [mc] mc_ev_band_07_1

(Enter: Shiho)
Shiho: What a view...
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: Shiho? Is it just you today?
Shiho: Oh, KAITO, hello.
Shiho: Ichika and the others still have homeroom, so I decided to drop in first.
KAITO: I see.
Shiho: Also, thank you very much for what you did the other day...
KAITO: Huh? What did I do?
Shiho: You've been a source of support for me lately like during the party we threw after our show.
Shiho: That also includes the time you were there to listen to the story I couldn't really tell Ichika and the others, or when things became so somber when I did tell them that it sort of felt like my own wake.
KAITO: Oh, is that what you meant...?
KAITO: I can't honestly say I did very much.
Shiho: Please don't say that. I have trouble opening up to others... But you were there to facilitate that.
KAITO: I see... I'm glad I was able to help.
Shiho: So am I. It was nice to finally be able to tell them too.
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Ichika)
Saki: Shiiiihooo!!
Shiho: Oh, I take it homeroom's over?
Saki: Yup! Our teacher yammered on for so long that my brain started turning into mush!
Honami: Same with ours! Sorry about the wait, Shiho.
Honami: I wish our teacher would get straight to the point like yours, Shiho.
Shiho: I mean, every teacher's different and it's not something we can control.
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Miku (Ln): Oh, KAITO, there you are!
Ichika: Miku!
Miku (Ln): Hey, everyone! I didn't realize you were here, KAITO. I was thinking about asking you to help me work on something.
KAITO: Oh, um... I thought it'd be nice to get some fresh air.
Shiho: Since we're all here now, why don't we head over to the classroom to start practicing?
Honami: Okay!
Ichika: Oh, before we do... There's actually a song I'd like to play. Would that be alright...?
Saki: Oh! You mean that song?!
KAITO: Which song?
Honami: We were just talking about it on the way over here and felt like playing it.
Shiho: Okay... You all seem pretty keen, so how about we give it a try when we're in the classroom?
Saki: Yeah! Let's do it!
KAITO: Sounds good. I'd love to hear it....
Saki: You're welcome to join us too, KAITO.
KAITO: Oh, I'd rather...
Miku (Ln): Then, why don't I play with you girls instead...?
KAITO: That'd be much better. Thank you, Miku.
Shiho: Alright, let's go...!


2 [MUSIC] 148: ray

3 [mc] mc_ev_band_07_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: KAITO)
Shiho: Hehe... Thanks, everyone.
Shiho: I'm glad that I didn't give up.
Ichika: Shiho...
Honami: Let's try performing all sorts of different songs from here on out, Shiho!
Shiho: Yeah.
Saki: Alright! That means we'll have practice lots and lots!
Saki: I feel like I can play anything right now, regardless of how hard it is! I might even be able to play with my arms crossed...!
Shiho: That won't be necessary.
Saki: What?! But it'd look so cool!
Ichika: You have a very... Unique of idea what makes something cool...
Honami: Is she taking after Tsukasa too much...?
Shiho: A fancy house is nice to look at, but we still need to build its foundation. Capeesh?
KAITO: Hehe...
Miku (Ln): Shiho seems happy.
KAITO: Yes. You can tell from her expression.
Shiho: Oh, that reminds me...
Shiho: Thank you for listening today, everyone. Seeing you all here always motivates us to perform at our best...
Shiho: I'm honestly not great at getting along with others and this may sound kinda strange coming from me, but we'll be counting on your support moving forward...
Shiho: Alright... Let's start practicing.
KAITO: Oh... Mind if I join you?
Shiho: Huh?
KAITO: Your performance was so amazing that I feel like playing with you now...
Shiho: Of course. We'd love to have you.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Then, let's do our best today too!
Ichika: "Yeah!"
Honami: "Yeah!"
Saki: "Yeah!"
