135 A Gentleman Thief's Thrilling White Day?! After Show (event_51)

1 [MUSIC] 95: Ifuudoudou

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_17_1

(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: KAITO)
Akito: Phew... We managed to get in a good practice before An and Kohane get here, huh?
Toya: Yes, we did. Thank you for helping us today, KAITO.
KAITO: You're welcome! Actually, I may be the one who benefitted the most today!
KAITO: I got some delicious chocolates and I even got to sing with the two of you.
Akito: The chocolates are... Well, just a small token of our appreciation.
KAITO: *Sob* Just hearing that... I couldn't be happier!
KAITO: When I tried going over to MEIKO's place, everyone just shouted, "Don't come in yet, KAITO!"
KAITO: Even after going through all the trouble of producing an original Valentine's Day song as a gift...
Toya: Hm...? Doesn't that mean...?
Akito: Yeah, my thoughts exactly... Something's up.
KAITO: Hm? What is it? Is something wrong, you two?
Akito: No, don't mind us.
Toya: I suppose this is what it means to be tactless.
KAITO: What? Can't you just tell me what's going on, please?
(Enter: Len)
Len: KAITO! There you are! Oh, Akito, Toya! You're both here too!
Akito: Hey, Len. You here to take KAITO back to MEIKO's place?
Len: Yeah! Wait... How did you know?
Akito: Just a feeling. Anyway, mind if we both come with?
Len: Yeah, of course! But shouldn't we wait for Kohane and An?
Akito: Yeah, we already gave them their stuff.
Len: Gave? What stuff?
Toya: Hehe. Let's talk about that later. First, KAITO, we need to get you back to MEIKO's place.
Len: Yeah, you're right! Alright, you guys, let's go!
Akito: I'm glad I made such a big batch. There should be enough for everyone here...
Akito: Speaking of which... What did that guy end up giving out?


3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_17_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Len)
Tsukasa: And so, our show ended up becoming a huge success!
Rui: I see. Everyone was so focused on their chocolates the last time you told this story that we ended up missing it. I didn't realize it was so interesting!
Len: Me neither! The way you held it together was so cool too, Tsukasa!
Rui: Is that so...? Ah, if only I'd been there to see it...
Rui: I've worked with Shinonome before and Mizuki's an old friend, but to think that Tsukasa was there with them.
Rui: It would've been such a fun and fantastic show!
Tsukasa: Yes, I see... If you'd been there, Rui, we might've been able to make the finale even more moving!
Tsukasa: On the other hand, there's a good chance that it would've become even more chaotic...
Len: But I understand how Rui feels! I was beside you the whole time and all I wanted was to join in on the fun.
Len: I wish I could've done that show with you guys...
Rui: As I...
Tsukasa: What's going on with you two? I'm here in front of you, aren't I? Chin up!
Tsukasa: To finish off White Day on a fun note, why don't we sing a song together?
Len: Huh?
Rui: Hehe. Excellent idea. We can bury our sadness over not getting to be in that show by doing one right now!
Len: Hehe. That's true! If we all do a show together, then I'm sure we'll be all smiles in no time!
Tsukasa: That's exactly right! So, without further ado!


4 [MUSIC] 38: BURIKI NO DANCE

5 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_17_3

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Len)
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! A star is no star without a roaring round of applause!
Len: Is it just me or is Tsukasa on more of a roll than usual...?
Rui: To be fair, successfully improvising your way through a show would do wonders for anyone's confidence.
Rui: The shows we saw when we visited the U.S. seemed to shock him a bit... But he seems much better now...
Rui: Anyway, Tsukasa's never had trouble feeling confident about himself, so I'm sure he'll be fine.
Tsukasa: Speaking of which, Emu and Nene are taking quite a bit of time to get here... I haven't seen Miku or the others either...
Len: Of course you haven't! That's because they're... Wait, no!
Tsukasa: Hm...? What do you mean by that...?
Len: Oh, um... I mean, it's not like Emu's preparing a show as a return gift for the White Day Show or anything!
Rui: Hmm... Looks like the cat's out of the bag...
Tsukasa: Ah... So you're saying that there's a follow-up show in the works...? If that's the case, we'll need to think of a follow-up show ourselves!
Rui: The return gift for a show is another show, which will subsequently be celebrated with an additional show...
Rui: Well, isn't that just chaotic♪
Len: *Sob* Emu, Nene... I'm so sorry...!
Tsukasa: There's nothing to be worried about! Let's think of what to do for the next show!
Tsukasa: Len, Rui! Give me all the ideas you can right now!
Len: Huh? Really?
Tsukasa: Yes, really!
Rui: In that case, my first idea is we turn you, Tsukasa, into a chocolate statue and have you burst out of it...
Tsukasa: A chocolate statue?! How do you plan on doing that?!
Rui: Hehe. Well...
Len: Alright, I'm gonna try coming up with some ideas too! Oh, before I do...!
Len: Thanks for coming today, everyone! We're gonna put on lots of shows from here on out, so don't forget to stop by again!
Tsukasa: Wh-What?! Is that even possible?!
