137 Cast a Spell on You After Show (event_52)

1 [mc] mc_ev_idol_07_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Rin)
Miku (MMJ): Everyone! Thank you all so very much for coming to our event today!
Rin: Stop by again soon!
Minori: Hey, Miku, Rin!
Miku (MMJ): Hi, Minori! And hello to all of you as well.
Rin: You gotta hear this! We just did an event that we put together with everyone's help!
Miku (MMJ): We all banded together and gave KAITO a hand with all the preparations♪
Airi: Really? That's great!
Haruka: It looked like a lot of fun. Your fans really seemed to enjoy everything.
Shizuku: Yes, I would've loved to see it too.
Minori: Me too! Me too!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Thanks!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, that reminds me. How did everything go? Are the designs for your outfits all done?
Airi: Yeah, they are! They became a great reflection of our individual personalities!
Minori: Yeah! And Shizuku's designs were by far and away the best choice!
Rin: Really?!
Haruka: Yes. It was clear that she really thought about each of us as she designed those outfits.
Airi: Hehe. She said that she was going to cast a spell on us, but it almost felt like we were actually glowing when we got a chance to try them on.
Shizuku: Thank you all so much. I'm so glad you liked them so much.
Shizuku: But I have Miku and the others here to thank for helping me come up with those designs.
Shizuku: Without them, I doubt I would've been able to come up with anything at all.
Miku (MMJ): You're very welcome♪
Miku (MMJ): I'm glad you were able to find the thoughts and feelings you wanted to imbue your designs with, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Me too!  Again, thank you all so much!
Minori: Oh, you guys... Wanna sing a song together?
Minori: I know our outfits aren't finished yet... But I have a feeling that I'll be able to dance and sing better than ever if Shizuku casts her spell on me!
Shizuku: Minori...
Haruka: Okay, let's sing!
Airi: Count me in too!
Shizuku: I'd love to as well! Would you all like to join us?
Miku (MMJ): Are you sure? If so, I'd love to sing with you♪
Rin: Oh, mind if I watch instead? I wanna see your guys' performance with everyone in the crowd!
Shizuku: Of course. In that case, let's give Rin and everyone here a song that they'll really enjoy!
Minori: "Yeah!"
Haruka: "Yeah!"
Airi: "Yeah!"
Miku (MMJ): "Yeah!"


2 [MUSIC] 57: Newly Edgy Idols

3 [mc] mc_ev_idol_07_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: That was an amazing performance, you guys! Just watching it put a smile on my face♪
Rin: Right, everyone?!
Shizuku: Hehe. That's wonderful to hear. My body felt lighter than usual too.
Shizuku: Almost as if it moved on its own... It reminded me of when I wore a stage outfit for the first time as an idol.
Shizuku: It must be because you all cast a spell on me.
Minori: It wasn't just you, Shizuku! I also felt like I was able to jump and leap higher than usual!
Airi: Hehe. Our outfits aren't done yet... But I'm with Minori on this one.
Haruka: Me too. Your face has been glowing this whole time, Airi.
Shizuku: Thank you, everyone.
Shizuku: I can't do much on my own... I'm always in need of the rest of MORE MORE JUMP!, Miku, Rin and everyone else...
Shizuku: That includes the support you give us as fans as well.
Shizuku: You're the ones who are always giving me hope...
Shizuku: I'm going to do my best to give back as much hope as I can to all of you, and I promise to keep casting my spell so that even the most ordinary days feel special in some way.
Shizuku: So, we'd really appreciate it if you could keep supporting us...
Miku (MMJ): We'll have to work hard to make sure that we don't get outshined by them, won't we♪
Rin: Yup! We got this!
Rin: "Yeah!"
Minori: "Yeah!"
Shizuku: Please come again, everyone!
Minori: Bye bye!
Miku (MMJ): Goodbye!
