139 Airi's Birthday Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022airi_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Len)
Shizuku: Hello, everyone! Thank you for coming to celebrate Airi's birthday with us♪
Airi: Shizuku, wait! At least say it's a "birthday show" or something! Don't make it sound like they're visiting a friend's house!
Shizuku: Oh, you're right! I couldn't help it. I'm just so happy that we get to throw a birthday party for you like this!
Haruka: Hehe. It could be fun to present it as more of a cozy house party.
Miku (MMJ): I agree♪ Shizuku, mind starting again from the top?
Shizuku: Hello, everyone! Thank you for coming to Airi's birthday show!
Airi: Whoa. They're responding like it's our first take even though this is sort of a redo.
Minori: I think it just means they're all excited about celebrating your birthday, Airi!
Len: In that case, let's get this show on the road! What's our first segment, Haruka?
Haruka: Our first segment is... "Let's Read Some Passionate Fan Letters!"
Haruka: Naturally, we'll be reading some of the special fan letters that have been addressed to Airi. Take it away, Minori!
Minori: You got it! This one's from H.M., who attends a high school in Shibuya.
Minori: "Hello, Airi. I'm always wishing you a happy birthday..."
Airi: Always?
Minori: Oh no...!
Len: Haha. I guess they were so excited that they wrote that by mistake.
Minori: Y-Yeah! That's definitely it! Anyway, where was I...?
Minori: Oh, here... "On top of being adorable, you always dazzle me with your dancing and singing! I hope I get to keep seeing you like this forever and ever!"
Airi: Thank you so much! Once we start doing more shows in person, you'll get to see plenty of me singing and dancing!
Haruka: Our next one is from K.H., who also attends a high school in Shibuya. "Dear Airi Momoi, thank you for always bringing us such fun content."
Haruka: "I can tell that the rules for each segment are very well thought out, especially the ones involving outfits and selfies, as well as others. I very much enjoy seeing what you do each time."
Haruka: "I'm looking forward to more fun segments in the future. And last but not least, I wish you a very happy birthday."
Airi: Wow... This person's letter was so polite. I got goosebumps just reading it.
Airi: Hang on... Did I ever mention that I came up with our little outfit competition...?
Miku (MMJ): Alright, Shizuku will be reading the next letter...
Shizuku: But first, we'll be bringing you our special show!
Shizuku: Are you ready, Airi?
Airi: Yes, of course! Ready, everyone?!
Airi: Start the music!


2 [MUSIC] 140: icedrop

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022airi_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Len)
Airi: Thanks for listening, everyone!
Airi: And thank you for singing with us, Len!
Len: Hehe. I'm glad I was able to add a little spice to your special day, Airi.
Miku (MMJ): Anyway, let's continue with the next fan letter♪
Shizuku: Yes, let's. The next one is from H.S., who attends a high school in Shibuya.
Airi: Hm? Another one from a high school in Shibuya?
Shizuku: "Happy birthday, Airi!"
Shizuku: "I couldn't be happier to celebrate your birthday alongside all of your fans who watch our streams, as well as the fans who came to hear you sing!"
Shizuku: "I hope your special day turns out to be a wonderful and fun-filled one!"
Airi: As well as the fans who came to hear me sing...?
Miku (MMJ): Next, we have a letter from H.M., who lives in SEKAI!
Airi: Wait, SEKAI?! Hold on, H.M. has to be...
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. "Dear Airi, Thank you for being the bright and cheerful person we can always rely on♪"
Miku (MMJ): "But if anything's ever bothering you, you're always welcome to come over to SEKAI and ask us for help!"
Len: And to wrap things up, me! This letter is from... Well, I think you've already figured out what's going on, Airi!
Airi: Yes, I have. It's from K.L., who lives in SEKAI, right?
Len: Yup!
Len: "Dear Airi, Thank you for all the advice you've given me about being a good MC. My shows have been going great lately because of you."
Len: "You're always there to help us out, so we wanted to give you a little surprise. I discussed things with the others and we decided to write you some fan letters!"
Len: "We made sure to write our letters so that you'd gradually catch on. It wasn't easy, but I at least had a lot of fun trying to come up with what to write."
Len: "We hope that our letters put a smile on your face, Airi! And most importantly, we all wish you a very happy birthday!"
Minori: "Happy birthday!"
Haruka: "Happy birthday!"
Shizuku: "Happy birthday!"
Miku (MMJ): "Happy birthday!"
Airi: You guys...
Airi: Hehe. Thank you all so much! That was a wonderful surprise! It was so much fun that I really don't know what else to say!
Shizuku: I'm glad you liked it. Everyone else seems to have enjoyed it as well.
Airi: Mind if I read your fan letters again after we're done here?
Haruka: Yes, of course!
Minori: Oh, can I fix that "I'm always wishing you a happy birthday" bit before you do...?
Haruka: "Hehe." "Haha."
Airi: "Hehe." "Haha."
Shizuku: "Hehe." "Haha."
Airi: Thank you so much for coming to celebrate my birthday with me, everyone!
Airi: I promise to do my best to give back next time for all these wonderful memories and surprises!
Airi: Hehe. Get ready for something spectacular, alright?
Miku (MMJ): See you later!
