143 On the Stage of Dazzling Light After Show (event_55)

1 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_08_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
Tsukasa: "Why do we have to fight each other?!"
Tsukasa: "Dad... Please don't make me do this!"
Tsukasa: Hmm... I can't say that was perfect, but in comparison to before, I'd say it's somewhat better!
Tsukasa: Damn, I'm good! Once again, I've become one step closer to being a star!
Tsukasa: What do you think? You all think so too, right?
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku: Oh! There's Tsukasa!
Nene: We didn't see you back there, so we thought you were running late.
Emu: Turns out you already started practicing!
Tsukasa: That's right! And since the Thorpe show went so well, I wanted to keep this momentum going!
KAITO: Seems like you're in great spirits, Tsukasa.
Rui: I agree. Especially since you were experiencing some trouble when the show was on.
Tsukasa: He he he... I feel like I am able to perform in any role now!
Tsukasa: Alright, Rui! Throw me all of the roles I haven't done up until now my way!
Rui: Oh, are you sure about that? In that case, how about the role of a king who was betrayed and killed by his own daughter?
Tsukasa: Ack! You mean Shakespeare's King Lear?! W-Well... I'm certain I can pull of a role like that now!
Miku: Oh, that's right! Hey, hey, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Hm? Yes, Miku?
Miku: Why don't you try doing all the shows you've done before again?
Tsukasa: All of the shows I've done before?
Miku: Yeah! Don't you think you'd be able to make them into even more spectacular shows now?
Tsukasa: You have a point... I must say, performing them again to test out my new and improved skills is a pretty good idea.
Emu: I want to do it too!
Rui: In that case... Shall we go back to our roots and try that "thing" once again?
Nene: Oh yeah, that "thing". Sounds good.
Nene: I want to see how it'll turn out this time.
Tsukasa: Alright, then it's decided! Are you ready too, Miku?
Miku: I sure am☆
Tsukasa: KAITO, please watch us. We would like you to observe us as part of the audience and see if we have improved!
KAITO: Alright, understood. Good luck, everyone!
Tsukasa: Then let's do this! Now witness the Wonderlands×Showtime show led by the new and improved Tsukasa Tenma!
Tsukasa: The World Hasn't Even Started Yet!


2 [MUSIC] 51: The World Hasn't Even Started Yet

3 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_08_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: KAITO)
Tsukasa: Behold! This is Wonderlands×Showtime!
Tsukasa: Ha ha ha ha!!
Emu: "Ha ha ha ha!!"
Miku: "Ha ha ha ha!!"
KAITO: Haha. Good work, everyone! That was really exciting!
Nene: Thank you. Speaking of which... Tsukasa has gotten way more energetic than before, hasn't he? Even Emu and Miku are more enthusiastic than usual...
Rui: It seems like he's progressing in leaps and bounds thanks to everyone's support. That's very much like him.
Rui: I too, as Wonderlands×Showtime's director and as the director of a future star, will need to work harder, won't I?
Nene: Yeah. But... Make sure you don't find yourself working towards something weird, okay?
Tsukasa: Oh, that reminds me! I completely forgot about it before, but would you all mind coming over to my place next weekend?
Emu: Wha? Yeah, I wanna come, I wanna come!
Nene: I don't mind, but... Is there something going on?
Tsukasa: Actually, Saki and I have decided to hold a piano showcase!
Nene: A piano showcase?
Tsukasa: Yes. The two of us have been learning piano from our mother, but we've never had the opportunity to perform in anything like that.
Tsukasa: And that is why in order to celebrate the Thorpe show currently being a huge success, we have decided to hold our own showcase! Ichika, Toya and the others will also be there!
Emu: Wow! That sounds like fun!! Let's all go, Nene, Rui!
Nene: Sounds good. Showcases aren't usually held in someone's home, so it should be interesting.
Miku: I wanna go too!!
KAITO: I'm sure you do. In that case, how about we go sneak a peek?
Miku: Yay!!
Tsukasa: Alright then, next weekend, meet at my place! Don't be late!
Emu: "You got it!"
Miku: "You got it!"
Tsukasa: Having said that... I really have learned a lot of things from this show.
Tsukasa: Of course, gaining more skills as an actor was a given, but... I feel like I was also able to truly experience important things about being a star...
Tsukasa: WHAAAAAAAAAA!! I feel so motivated right now!!
Nene: So loud!
Tsukasa: Everyone! We're all going to create and put on more spectacular shows from here onward!
Tsukasa: Please look forward to them!!
Rui: Hehe, seems like our star has more than enough motivation.
Rui: Well then, let's start brainstorming ideas for our next show!
Tsukasa: "Yeah!"
Emu: "Yeah!"
Nene: "Yeah!"
Miku: "Yeah!"
