145 Live with Memories After Show (event_56)

1 [mc] mc_ev_band_08_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: Luka)
Ichika: And then... It seems like those two were able to part with smiles on their faces.
Ichika: I don't know whether it was because of our song, but... I'm glad nonetheless.
Honami: They had these really soft expressions when they said goodbye to each other, didn't they?
Shiho: Yeah. I think it's safe to say that they've worked things out.
Luka: Hehe. That's reassuring to hear. You think so too, right, Miku?
Miku (Ln): Huh? Why are you asking me all of a sudden?
Luka: Well that's because you made several wishes on shooting stars for their song to reach those siblings.
Miku (Ln): H-Hey, Luka! Why did you have to blurt it out...
Saki: You did that for us, Miku? Thank you so much!!
Honami: Maybe it was thanks to Miku that those two were able to work things out.
Ichika: I think so too. Thank you, Miku.
Miku (Ln): Oh um... I guess, you're welcome...
Shiho: Since we finished another song, we will need to start properly thinking about what we need to do moving forward.
Miku (Ln): What you need to do?
Ichika: Yeah. Since we've been making progress in performing, we're thinking to try a bunch of things to get more people to find out about us.
Luka: I see. That sounds quite exciting.
Miku (Ln): In that case, we'd love to help out. We can at least come up with some ideas for you all.
Honami: Really? If you could, that would be amazing.
Luka: I'll try to think of some ideas on how to spread your music to other people too.
Luka: But...
Luka: I think if you all continue to get your message across like you did now, more and more people will come to listen no matter what you do.
Ichika: Right... I suppose that's true.
Ichika: I definitely want to ensure that our message and feelings comes across within our songs.
Luka: In that case, would you mind counting me in too?
Ichika: Huh?
Luka: When you were telling us about the show, I kept thinking about how I wanted to sing with all of you.
Miku (Ln): Luka, that's not fair! I want to too...
Luka: Oh dear, you can always go next, right?
Honami: Yes Miku, how about we sing the next one together?
Miku (Ln): I guess you're right. I mean, it's not like I actually have a problem waiting.
Saki: Hehe.
Shiho: Hehe.
Luka: Well then, are you all ready?
Ichika: Yeah! Let's sing!
Ichika: Made to Order!


2 [MUSIC] 196: Made to Order

3 [mc] mc_ev_band_08_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: Luka)
Ichika: *Sigh*
Luka: That sounded amazing. All of your thoughts and feelings really came across when we were playing.
Miku (Ln): Yeah, I felt your thoughts and feelings too.
Ichika: I'm glad!
Ichika: I know that weaving your thoughts and feelings into songs is really hard but... I want to keep singing in hopes that they reach more people.
Shiho: I'm with you. We're all in this together.
Saki: "Yeah!"
Honami: "Yeah!"
Ichika: Oh... That reminds me, Miku.
Miku (Ln): Hmm? What is it?
Ichika: Um... I feel like I was able to give some people the same thing that I got from you in that show.
Miku (Ln): Something from me?
Ichika: Yeah. I can't really explain it, but... It's this warm thing...that comes to your side when you're really sad and have no idea what to do...
Miku (Ln): Warm...
Miku (Ln): I see... I'm glad that you feel that way about my songs.
Ichika: Oh, also that thing at the music shop-
Ichika: Actually... Nevermind.
Miku (Ln): Huh? What's wrong?
Luka: Oh my. Is there something you're keeping from us, Ichika?
Saki: What?! Are you hiding something, Ichi?!
Ichika: N-No, you got it all wrong! I thought maybe it's a little too soon to talk about it...
Shiho: When you say it like that, now we can't help but wonder what it is, you know?
Ichika: It's really nothing, I swear!
Luka: Oh I was sure that I had her there. You all want to know too, right?
Honami: Oh... But we shouldn't force her to tell us if she doesn't want to, you know?
Ichika: H-Honami!
Saki: C'mon! You can't just hide behind Hona like that!
Shiho: What a turn of events. It's like the cool Ichika who saved Hanano is nowhere to be seen.
Ichika: T-That's totally unrelated!
Luka: Hehe. I don't really know what's going on, but... I'm just happy that all of them are smiling again.
Miku (Ln): Yeah, I agree.
Saki: Alright, Ichi! Now's the time to 'fess it all up!
Ichika: N-No, I don't want to!
