147 Tied By Painful Hope After Show (event_57)

1 [mc] mc_ev_idol_08_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
Haruka: I didn't know there was a stage in here of all places.
Minori: This is amazing!
Shizuku: What a wonderful stage! It also looks a little bit like a recording studio.
Airi: You're right! This brings back memories.
Haruka: Rin, Miku. When did you find this stage?
Rin: Hehe♪ We found it yesterday!
Rin: We've always known that there was this locked door behind the stage we always use, but...
Miku: Then the door suddenly opened when you leaned on it yesterday, right?
Rin: Yeah! And that's how we found this stage.
Haruka: So that's what happened... Well, stumbling across a new stage like this is a nice surprise.
Minori: I'd love to perform on a stage like this outside of SEKAI someday!
Airi: Same here! But let's tackle the show right in front of us first.
Minori: Oh! You're right! Let's give it our all for everyone out there!
Shizuku: Hehe, I hope it'll be a wonderful show that matches the costumes our dear fans made for us. But also...
Haruka: Let's make sure to do the song Hasegawa made for us justice.
Minori: Yeah!
Haruka: Oh, speaking of which, I received a message from her before coming here.
Airi: Wait, really?
Haruka: Yes. She said, "I've already started composing your next song."
Shizuku: Sounds like she's completely recovered... I'm so glad.
Airi: It's all thanks to you, Haruka.
Haruka: I only told her what I got from everyone that day.
Haruka: All of the hope I've gotten from everyone.
Minori: Oh my gosh! Haruka's smile is so blinding!
Airi: You really don't change, do you?
Haruka: I also have you to thank too, Rin, Miku.
Miku: Huh? Me? But I don't think I did anything...
Haruka: Hehe, don't say that. Thanks to the master skill I learned from you, I was able to lighten up the mood.
Rin: Oh! When you say master skill, did you mean...?!
Miku: You tickled her?
Minori: Aw, how nice. I want to get tickled by Haruka...
Haruka: How about I tickle you the next time you get nervous before a show?
Rin: Yay! A ticklefest♪
Haruka: Hey everyone... Do you want to try singing on this stage?
Haruka: I suddenly really feel like singing with all of you.
Airi: Of course I'd love to!
Shizuku: Let's all sing!
Miku: Yeah, let's do it!
Haruka: Thank you. Alright then, here we go.
Haruka: IF!
(Exit: Rin)


2 [MUSIC] 211: IF

3 [mc] mc_ev_idol_08_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
Haruka: Thank you everyone!
Haruka: There were a lot of times where I'd feel down because things didn't go the way I wanted it to, but...
Haruka: It's because those moments led me to where I am now that I got to meet all of you.
Haruka: And I'm so grateful for that. Thank you so much.
Minori: H-Haruka!! I should be the one thanking you!! Please let me stay by your side forever!
Airi: Cool your jets, Minori...
Miku: "Haha!"
Rin: "Haha!"
Haruka: I don't where this road we're currently on will lead us, but...
Haruka: Let's move forward with hope in our hearts.
Minori: "Yeah!"
Airi: "Yeah!"
Shizuku: "Yeah!"
Haruka: Also, thank you to all of you too!
Haruka: Even when things seem bleak, if you keep going with everything you got and never give up, a path will open up for you.
Haruka: I'm sure there will be times where things won't go the way you want just by trying really hard, but...
Haruka: Even when that happens, it's not a dead end. Every path will lead to somewhere when the time is right.
Haruka: So let's face forward and keep working hard. And during the times when things aren't going great, please come visit us.
Haruka: We'll make sure to spread lots of hope to all of you!
Rin: Yeah! We'll also send lots of cheer all around too!
Miku: Yeah!
Haruka: Alright everyone, until we meet again! Goodbye!
