148 Saki's Birthday Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022saki_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
Ichika: Um, Saki. Are you sure about this?
Ichika: Even though it's your birthday, you're saying that you want to do what we want to do...
Saki: Yeah! I mean, you only get to celebrate a birthday after getting through the previous year, right?
Saki: I believe I have you guys and my family to thank for being able to celebrate another one like this!
Saki: That's why to spend today showing just how much I appreciate all of you♪
Saki: So! To express my gratitude, I want to do all of the stuff that you guys want to do!
Honami: That's so sweet, Saki. In that case, I guess we'll have to start coming up with some ideas.
Ichika: What should we do? Miku and the others are probably already preparing a party for her...
Shiho: That's on top of Saki being pretty adamant about doing what we suggest.
Honami: Oh, I know...! How about this?
Honami: Thank you for your patience, Saki! We've come to a decision!
Saki: Great! Whatcha got?
Honami: I have some blooming tea that I've been saving for a special occasion such as this, so I'd like to share them with all of you.
Saki: Blooming tea? You mean the kind where a flower unfurls when you steep it?!
Saki: It has to be amazing if you've been saving them, Hona!
Ichika: Um... I have these limited-edition potato chips that I'd like to share with everyone.
Saki: Limited edition?! As in special flavors?!
Ichika: I have "Super-Scrumptious Salt" and "Bona Fide Broth" flavored chips. Have you seen either of them before?
Saki: Yeah, I have! I've always wanted to try them too, but every place is always sold out of them! You actually managed to get some, Ichi?
Ichika: Yes. I was sure that you... I mean, I've been wanting to try them and managed to get a hold of them after searching around a little.
Saki: You're so lucky! Hehe. I've been aching to try them, so I can't believe I'm getting a chance to now!
Saki: Wait a second... Have you always liked these kinds of chips, Ichi? I'm actually pretty surprised that you knew about these.
Ichika: Huh? Um... I'm kind of just getting into it now.
Saki: Really...?
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
Saki: Oh, Rin, Miku! We're here!
Rin: Heya! You're already here! I thought I heard you guys talking just now!
Miku: Sorry, we were still preparing. Can you buy us a little more time?
Shiho: We still have a few more things to go through, so you guys should be fine.
Shiho: Hey, Saki. Mind if I go next?
Saki: Yeah, of course! Fire away, Shiho!
Shiho: Then... Wanna play a song together? You did mention during lunch break how not having practice today seems kinda strange.
Saki: That's true, but... Hehe. A request like this is just what I was expecting from you, Shiho!
Shiho: I mean, we're in a band. How about you two join us?
Ichika: "Yeah!" "Okay!"
Honami: "Yeah!" "Okay!"
Miku: In that case, mind if I also join?
Rin: Alright, I'll be behind the camera this time♪ I'm gonna get so many cool shots of all of you!
Saki: Wow! Thanks, Miku, Rin!
Shiho: Pick whatever song you like, Saki. We'll play along with you.
Saki: Really? Oh, in that case... Got it!
Saki: Here we go! Leo/need and Miku presents... From Tokyo!!


2 [MUSIC] 130: From Tokyo

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022saki_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
Saki: Phew, that was so much fun! Hey, wasn't that an amazing performance?!
Miku: Yes. So amazing that I could clearly sense how much fun you were all having.
Rin: Yeah! I even got really into it while taking pictures of you guys!
Rin: And look! Everyone here looks like they're also having a great time!
Saki: Wow, you're right! Thanks for watching us perform, you guys!
Ichika: I didn't realize there were this many people here... Thank you, everyone!
Honami: That reminds me. Since you've all come to join us, why don't we all wish Saki a happy birthday together?
Shiho: Sounds like they're all for it. Take it away.
Miku: Alright, Saki. Stand in the middle.
Saki: Hehe. I'm probably blushing like crazy now.
Ichika: Ready...?! Happy birthday, Saki!
Honami: "Happy birthday!"
Shiho: "Happy birthday!"
Miku: "Happy birthday!"
Rin: "Happy birthday!"
Saki: Wow...! Thanks, everyone!
Saki: I didn't think there would be this many people here to celebrate. I don't know what to say.
Saki: Wait! Yes, I do! We're thinking of trying out a bunch of different things so that more people get to hear our songs!
Saki: We're still not sure exactly what we're gonna do... But I have a feeling it's going to be a lot of fun, so make sure to stay tuned, okay♪
Saki: Now then! All that's left is to grant the girls' wishes♪
Ichika: Everything's ready, right, Miku?
Miku: Yes, I believe so.
Rin: Sakki! Could you come with me to the classroom next door for juuust a second?
Saki: The classroom next door? Sure, okay!
Saki: Hey everyone! Thank you so much for today! Bye bye!
(Exit: Saki)
(Exit: Rin)
Ichika: "Happy birthday, Saki!"
(Enter: Saki)
Saki: Wah!! Huh?! It's you guys?! Wait, the party's all set up already?!
Ichika: Phew. Looks like our surprise succeeded.
Shiho: Geez... I was worried about how everything was gonna turn out after Saki suddenly said that she wanted to do whatever we asked...
Honami: Hehe. To be fair, all we wanted to do was celebrate and wish Saki a happy birthday. All's well that ends well.
Miku: Alright, why don't we head next door to do just that? The snacks and tea you all brought should be ready too.
Ichika: Thank you, Miku! Shall we?
Honami: "Yes!" "Yeah!"
Shiho: "Yes!" "Yeah!"
(Exit: Ichika)
(Exit: Honami)
(Exit: Shiho)
(Exit: Miku)
(Exit: Saki)
