149 The Climax! Kamiyama Cheer Squad! After Show (event_58)

1 [MUSIC] 19: Charles

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_19_1

(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Thank you both very much for that. You sang wonderfully.
Mizuki: Really? I'm glad!
Miku: Yes. You looked like you were having even more fun than usual, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Oh, you think so?
Ena: Perhaps the afterglow of the cheering competition? After all, you were having so much fun then.
Mizuki: I dunno if it was fun... Well, I guess it was. I did get to try some new things!
Ena: You still lost in the end, though.
Mizuki: Hey! Did you really have to say that? How mean!
Miku: Hehe...
Ena: Even so, that video was amazing. It was totally different from what you usually make.
Miku: Is that so? I wish I had seen it.
Mizuki: Hahaha, I'm flattered to hear that. I do think it was some of my best work.
Mizuki: It'd be great if you could see it too, Miku. Though I dunno if I'll get a chance to use it in N25's videos.
Miku: I look forward to it.
Mizuki: The Sports Festival...
Mizuki: Yeah... Even I kinda started to think that...
Mizuki: Things like that are part of youth.


3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_19_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
Emu: So, Tsukasa's team won at the Sports Festival!
Tsukasa: Yes, thanks to everyone's hard work during all the events, we were the overall winners!
Len: Congratulations Tsukasa!
Luka: Running, throwing... It looked so physically challenging. You were amazing!
Tsukasa: Hehehe, perhaps so!
Tsukasa: But that's what made it all the more frustrating to lose the cheering competition!
Rui: Even still, you put on a great performance. The red team's solidarity was palpable.
Tsukasa: I'm grateful to hear that from you, Rui...
Tsukasa: But to be honest, when I saw the blue cheer squad's performance, I was ready to lose.
Emu: Hwah, were they that good?
Nene: Not just the cheer squad, but the whole blue team had a whole different energy.
Nene: It was like you could tell they had all poured their energy into getting ready for the Sports Festival.
Len: It looks like everyone pulled out all the stops to pull off your idea, Rui!
Luka: I'm glad you were able to share it with them.
Rui: Thank you. I couldn't have done it without yours and everyone's help.
Tsukasa: What's this, Rui? Did you come to Luka for advice?
Rui: Yes, when I was feeling a little uncertain. But, with her help, I got back on my feet.
Tsukasa: I see... So the blue team was also struggling behind the scenes.
Luka: Also? Did the red team also have some problems?
Tsukasa: Yes. Some people didn't see eye to eye and butted heads. It wasn't pretty.
Tsukasa: However, we reconciled and regained our unity in the end!
Rui: Hehe, that sure came across in the cheering competition.
Rui: Hey, everyone. Would you mind doing something with me?
Nene: Huh, what kind of thing?
Rui: It's nothing major. There's a song I'd like to sing with all of you.
Tsukasa: Oh! In that case, consider me on board! Right, everyone?
Emu: "Yeah!"
Nene: "Yeah!"
Len: "Yeah!"
Luka: Hehe, in that case, I'll stand back and listen to you all.
Nene: Sure, but don't fall asleep while standing!
Rui: That won't be a problem. This song is bursting with so much energy, it's guaranteed to put a smile on your face.
Emu: Wow! What song is it?
Len: I can't wait!
Rui: Hehe, time to find out! Let the music begin!


4 [MUSIC] 106: As You Like It

5 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_19_3

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
Rui: Thank you, everyone. Just like I said, this song leaves you filled with energy.
Emu: Yeah! Everybody, did we put a grin on your face?
Len: Oh! Is Luka...?
Luka: Hehe, don't worry, I'm wide awake. It was a wonderful, energetic, smiley song.
Luka: Zzz... Zzz...♪
Nene: Oh, she fell asleep.
Len: Oh Luka, you never change.
Rui: Still, I'm glad she's sleeping so peacefully after hearing our song.
Tsukasa: Yes, I agree.
Nene: Hehe...
Emu: Hey, when Miku and the others get here, tell us more about the cheering competition!
Rui: Of course. After all, every squad gave a great performance, so I'd love to talk about it.
Tsukasa: Yes, especially your squad, Rui. After all, you won the cheering competition and did an amazing job.
Nene: Yeah, you guys really were amazing.
Rui: Thank you. Though, the Rui I was before I met you all couldn't have created something like that.
Rui: Because I have all of you, I was able to have faith in the people who believe in me. And we pulled off an incredible performance.
Rui: So, thank you, everyone. Let's keep creating incredible things together.
Tsukasa: Rui, you...!
Tsukasa: Oh, but of course! Only you can make a star like me shine!
Tsukasa: No matter what you throw at me, I will take it by the horns!
Nene: Are you sure you want to say that?
Emu: I can't wait to see how he gets launched into the air next time!
Len: It's already a given that he'll get launched into the air...
Luka: We have nothing to worry about. With Rui by our side, we're guaranteed to put on shows that make people smile.
Rui: Hehe. Let's leave the details of that until next time.
Rui: On that note, please do come again to our next show, everyone.
Luka: See you later!
Emu: "Bye bye!"
Nene: "Bye bye!"
Tsukasa: Until next time!
