150 Tsukasa's Birthday Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022tsukasa_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: KAITO)
Tsukasa: Hello, everyone! Welcome to the birthday festivities featuring the future star, Tsukasa Tenma!
Tsukasa: Today, we'll be bringing you all a very special show, so please sit back and enjoy!
Emu: Without further ado☆ Let's start by interviewing our birthday boy, Tsukasa♪
Miku: Yeah☆
Nene: Oh, they're really doing an interview...?
KAITO: I heard that they're basing this off someone else's birthday-dinner show...
Rui: Yes, that's right. A star that Tsukasa holds in very high regard. Unfortunately, they don't actually know how the original party went...
Rui: But since you're all here, would you be willing to stick around for a bit?
Emu: Alright, here's our first question♪ It's your special day! How do you feel?!
Tsukasa: I feel fantastic! I also feel like the whole world's greeting me with a big smile!
Tsukasa: As soon as I left the house, a black cat passed right in front of me. Seeing it run down the street convinced me that this year is going to be a great one!
Emu: Whoa! That cat must've been really amazing!
Miku: I'm so jealous! I wish I could've seen that cat too!
Nene: But isn't seeing a black cat pass in front of you a sign of bad luck?
Rui: That's a common superstition, but in some countries, a black cat at the door or in the house is said to bring prosperity to a family.
Miku: Anyway, question two♪ Out of all of the shows you've done so far, which one did you work on the hardest?
Tsukasa: Hmm... I prefer to think that I always put everything I have into each show... But I also understand that saying, "All of them," wouldn't exactly be fair...
Tsukasa: If I were to name one, then it would have to be "Pegasus Odyssey"!
KAITO: Oh? I was sure you were going to say, "A Pianist Named Thorpe"...
Nene: Yeah, same here.
Tsukasa: Yes, it is true that Thorpe was one of the most rewarding shows I've ever done.
Tsukasa: However, Pegasus Odyssey was not only our first show but the one that required us to turn our fortunes around by overcoming some grave failings!
Nene: Oh...
Rui: I agree. If it wasn't for that show, we wouldn't be where we are now.
Emu: Yeah! We get to keep performing at the Wonder Stage because we were able to make so many people smile with Pegasus Odyssey!
Nene: Yeah, I have to agree too... That show's the reason I'm able to perform on stage like this now.
Rui: Exactly. And in my case, I was able to find friends who can help produce the shows I envision in my mind.
Tsukasa: As for me, I was able to realize what matters most. I was able to discover my true feelings.
Miku: Hehe. I was so happy when we got a chance to sing the song that was born from your feelings together too!
KAITO: Yes, so was I.
KAITO: Now, this interview is certainly getting interesting, but I believe it's high time we started our show, don't you think?
Tsukasa: Ah, I couldn't agree more!
Tsukasa: Especially since we've prepared the perfect performance for today's birthday festivities. We hope you all enjoy it!
Tsukasa: Here we go! The World Hasn't Even Started Yet!


2 [MUSIC] 51: The World Hasn't Even Started Yet

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022tsukasa_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: That was amazing!
KAITO: I've seen this performance a few times already, but it's like I can physically sense all of your thoughts and feelings today.
Tsukasa: Oh, is that so? Do you all agree with him?
Rui: Hehe. It certainly seems like it.
Emu: Yeah☆ Thanks for listening, everybody!
Tsukasa: Once again, from the bottom of my heart, thank you for joining me to celebrate my birthday!
Tsukasa: I vow to grow even more this upcoming year to become a Newborn Pegasus!
Emu: "A Newborn Pegasus?!"
Miku: "A Newborn Pegasus?!"
Nene: That sounds... Lame.
Rui: Yes, so lame that it and "The Pegasus Soaring in the Sky Troupe" would make the perfect one-two combo.
Tsukasa: What?! Then, how about this? "Rhyme, New Birth Pegasus"!
Nene: "That makes no sense." "That doesn't make any sense."
Rui: "That makes no sense." "That doesn't make any sense."
Tsukasa: What?!
Miku: What if you tried using "bang" or "boom"♪ Then it'd sound like fireworks!
Miku: Whoosh... BANG!
Emu: Whoa! You're really good at imitating fireworks, Miku! I wanna try too!
Emu: Whoosh... BOOM!
Tsukasa: Cut it out, you two! We don't have time for your usual antics right now!
KAITO: Hehehe.
Tsukasa: Alright, where was I?!
Tsukasa: Everyone! I promise to work as hard as I can to improve even more as an actor!
Tsukasa: So I hope you'll all be there to see my progress!
KAITO: Alright, shall we cap things off by wishing Tsukasa a happy birthday?
Emu: Yeah!
Emu: You too, everyone! Ready... Go!
Emu: Happy birthday, Tsukasa!
Nene: "Happy birthday!"
Rui: "Happy birthday!"
Miku: "Happy birthday!"
KAITO: "Happy birthday!"
Tsukasa: Thank you all for your kind words!
Tsukasa: I, as well as everyone from Wonderlands×Showtime, will be counting on your support moving forward!
