156 Desperate Times?! Island Panic! After Show (event_62)

1 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_09_1

(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Miku (WxS): Hmm... Hmm... Are they here yet?
MEIKO: Hahaha, oh Miku. You've been flustered like that for a while now, haven't you?
Miku (WxS): But...but... I really wanna know! Did they make it to the performance in time?!
MEIKO: Those four? We have nothing to worry about. I'm sure any second now...
(Enter: Emu)
Emu: Miku! MEIKO!
(Exit: Emu)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Miku (WxS): Long time no see, everyone!
Nene: It hasn't been that long, but it does feel like we haven't been here for a while.
Tsukasa: Yes, we're back now that our phones are finally working again. Sorry to keep you waiting!
MEIKO: No problem! Well, how was the performance?
Emu: It was great! Everyone was super smiley! It was a big success♪
Miku (WxS): Yay! That's great☆
MEIKO: But you had to perform right after getting off that desert island, didn't you? You must've been exhausted, but you still saw it through!
Rui: Come to think of it, we completely forgot how tired we were.
Nene: We were all buzzing at the thought of being able to perform...
Miku (WxS): Ahaha, just what we'd expect from you four!
MEIKO: Did you all get a good rest afterward? I wouldn't want you straining yourselves and getting sick.
Rui: I suppose I do feel a touch more tired than usual.
Tsukasa: You're right... Alright, troupe leader's orders! Tonight, you are all to get in 12 hours of sleep minimum!
Emu: Yessir!
Nene: Wait, isn't 12 hours pretty extreme?
Nene: Actually, we should feel tired, but we're all looking wide awake.
Rui: True. Perhaps it's the dopamine rush after pulling off the show. I expect I'll be awake all night dreaming up ideas for effects.
Miku (WxS): Okay, lemme sing you all a lullaby! That way you'll sleep like babies tonight!
Miku (WxS): Twiiinkle twiiinkle liiittle star!
Emu: Ooh, I feel full of energy now!
Nene: I don't feel sleepy at all though...
Miku (WxS): Whaaat? Why not?!
MEIKO: Ahaha, in that case, why don't we all tire ourselves out together? Once you're really worn out, I'm sure you'll sleep like a log!
Miku (WxS): Good idea! Okay, then let's all sing and dance together!
Rui: You have a point. If we pour all our energy into one song, it might knock us out for the night.
Emu: Yeah! And when it comes to songs, we've got buckets and buckets of energy!
Nene: Um... If we're singing, I'd like to take this chance to express how I'm feeling.
Emu: Nene?
Nene: I guess... We experienced so much, and some of it scared me...
Nene: But I managed to realize that, if I'm with you guys, I can overcome all of that and more.
Nene: And so, I'd like to put that feeling into song...
Tsukasa: Why not! I myself was a little moved by what you said that time.
Emu: You mean when she said, "We're Wonderlands×Showtime. Anything is possible when it comes to us"?
Rui: Surely he means when she said, "I want to cherish the shows that we're able to do together."
Nene: You... You guys didn't need to go quoting me out loud!
Rui: Hehe. Sorry, Nene. It really stuck with me, so that just came out.
Nene: Ugh...
MEIKO: Hehe. Hey, mind if I get in on the action? I'd like to sing with all of you♪
Nene: Yeah, of course. We would love that.
Miku (WxS): Well then, I'll be sitting back in the front row! I'm so excited to hear you perform☆
Nene: Hehe, thanks. Well then, let's do it.
Nene: Starry sky melody.
(Exit: Miku-WxS)


2 [MUSIC] 212: Starry sky melody

3 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_09_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
Miku (WxS): You guys! You were amazing!
Nene: Thank you...
Emu: I had so much fun! MEIKO, thank you for singing with us!
MEIKO: I had fun too! Plus, it was so moving how everyone's feelings came through in the music!
Nene: I'm really glad...
Nene: It makes me happy to hear that from you, MEIKO. I never got the chance to thank you properly. That day, I think I grew a little because of you.
MEIKO: Oh, is that so?
Nene: Yeah. When I was so scared on that desert island, but you kept me going. Thank you.
Nene: I think I understand what you meant now. When you said that experience would be valuable to me one day.
MEIKO: I see... There's no need to thank me though. After all, you found your courage all by yourself, no?
Nene: Still, you really helped me out. And for that... I'm grateful.
Tsukasa: We should be tired out now after dancing so much... Is anyone?
Nene: To be honest, I'm still not sleepy at all, but I'll probably be out like a light as soon as my head hits the pillow.
Rui: Indeed. I'm sure we'll all have pleasant dreams tonight.
Miku (WxS): Hehehe☆ Come back and see us in SEKAI once you've had lots and lots of sleep and feel shiny and new!
Miku (WxS): You still gotta tell us all about what happened on the island after your phone ran out of battery, plus how the performance went, all of it!
Nene: That's true. We have so much to tell you, as well.
Tsukasa: Right then, let's regroup here tomorrow with a solid night's sleep under our belts!
Emu: Yup! On that note, good night everyone!
Nene: Wait, is that how we're ending this? Oh, whatever...
