158 Let's Enjoy Together! SpoJoy Park After Show (event_63)

1 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_21_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Rin)
Minori: Thank you for coming, everyone!
Minori: I'm going to my absolute best to deliver lots of hope to all of you today! Lots and lots!
Airi: Aren't you fired up, Minori?
Rin: Yeah! You seem to be in a really good mood!
Shizuku: Did something happen?
Minori: Hehehe. Actually, something great happened!
Airi: Something great?
Minori: Yeah! So the thing is, I went to go work out with Ichika, Kanade and Ena the other day...
Minori: And all I did was lend a hand to Kanade that time, but after that she said she thinks she can give tomorrow her very best!
Minori: Oh, I didn't do anything major though...!
Minori: But I was really happy to hear her say that!
Haruka: Hehe, I see.
Shizuku: Kanade is the composer in Ena's group, right?
Minori: Yeah! She's always working hard to compose a song that can save people.
Haruka: That's amazing...
Haruka: It must be really hard to continuously compose music like that.
Rin: So that means you were able to deliver hope to Kanade, right, Minori?
Minori: I don't know if I can say I did that much, but it'd be nice if I did.
Airi: In that case, while we're riding this wave, let's deliver lots and lots of hope to everyone here today!
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: I'm going to dance with all my might, so I hope you all enjoy the performance.
Minori: Here we go! Angel's Clover!


2 [MUSIC] 112: Angel's Clover

3 [MUSIC] 129: Bitter Choco Decoration

4 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_21_2

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Kanade: *Sigh*
Kanade: Thank you for singing with me, everyone.
Mizuki: All good! Besides I wanted a break too.
Ena: Same here. It's important to get your body moving every now and then. It's a good change of pace too.
Kanade: I'm glad...
Luka: Hehe. You looked like you had fun, Kanade.
Kanade: Do you think so? Actually, I think you're right...
Kanade: It was probably because I wanted to sing with all of you today.
Miku: Really?
Kanade: Yes. When I went exercising with Ena the other day... Luka told me this...
Kanade: You should think more about how you're doing from time to time.
Kanade: That made me think about what I wanted to do right now.
Kanade: And I realized that I want to sing with all of you.
Mizuki: I see. So that's why you asked us to sing with you today.
Kanade: Yes. I'm sorry for asking when you were all working.
Ena: It's alright. I'm really happy that you feel that way, Kanade.
Luka: Yes. I'm sure this will also have a positive effect on your composing.
Kanade: Thank you...
Kanade: Thank you for coming too, Mafuyu. I know you're busy.
Mafuyu: It's fine. I also felt a little better.
Mafuyu: Anyway, I should go back soon. I need to study.
Kanade: Oh... Right.
(Exit: Mafuyu)
Miku: Is Mafuyu busy?
Mizuki: Yeah. Seems like she has entrance exams to study for.
Miku: I see. Sounds tough.
Ena: Well, if she's showing up from time to time, then that means she's taking breaks, right?
Kanade: I hope so...
Kanade: But, it's okay. The only thing I can do now is compose music.
Miku: Good luck, Kanade. But...don't overdo it, okay?
Kanade: I won't. It'll be okay. Thank you.
Kanade: I'm going to head back now. I'll come back when I've finished another song.
Luka: Sounds lovely. I'm looking forward to it.
Mizuki: Bye bye!
Ena: See you later.
(Exit: Kanade)
(Exit: Ena)
(Exit: Mizuki)
Miku: Kanade seems to be feeling much better. Did you do something, Luka?
Luka: No, I didn't do anything. All I did was give her a little nudge to get her moving.
Luka: It seems like I was successful this time.
Miku: I see. I'm glad... Everyone looked like they were having fun.
Luka: Yes. I can't wait to hear their next song.
Miku: Me too.
