159 Star Festival Show 2023

1 [MUSIC] 68: Dance Robot Dance

2 [mc] mc_2022tanabata_1

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Len: Miku, Rin, Luka! Great work just now!
MEIKO: When you told me you'd be working on a song for the Star Festival, I imagined something soft and mellow.
KAITO: Instead, it was upbeat enough to make Altair and Vega forget how much they miss each other all year.
Rin: That's right! It's a day for our most cherished wishes, so we wanted to convey what it's like to desperately want something to come true.
Len: Hahaha. We definitely felt that! Right, everyone?
Miku: Thank you for listening! You made it all the more fun for us with your energy.
Luka: That's right. Has everyone here already written down their wishes?
Luka: I see... "I wish for better grades"... "I wish to get to know my classmate better"...
MEIKO: How about over here? What did you wish for?
KAITO: I want to know too. Would you mind telling me?
KAITO: Oh, I see... Thank you for sharing!
KAITO: Looks like everyone has so many different wishes.
Len: Yeah. I hope they all come true!
Miku: Hehe. Me too.
Miku: I guess the others are looking up at the sky and making wishes right about now...


3 [mc] mc_2022tanabata_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Len)
Honami: Oh, over there! A shooting star!
Saki: You're right! Straight As, straight As, straight As!
Shiho: Hold on, Saki. What's with that wish?
Saki: I mean, tests are right around the corner, aren't they?
Saki: I was thinking if I wish upon on a shooting star, the stuff I studied might come up on the tests!
Ichika: I don't think the Star Festival can help you out there...
Honami: "Hehe."
Shiho: "Hehe."
Miku: "Hehe."
Len: What about everyone else? Honami? Do you have any Star Festival wishes?
Honami: Hmm... I guess I'd like to wish to be more confident in anything I take on.
Saki: You don't need to wish for that! I know you can be confident by yourself. Hang on... You're not trying to be on par with my brother, are you?!
Shiho: Please don't become like that...
Shiho: This isn't a wish so much as my goal, but I want bigger turnouts at our shows.
Shiho: That way, more and more people can hear our music.
Ichika: Mine is also more like a goal. I want to try my hand at new things.
Miku: New things?
Ichika: There's something I'm hoping to make happen... It's kind of a work in progress.
Miku: Ooh. I'm excited to see how it turns out! Good luck, Ichika!
Ichika: Thanks.
Ichika: What about you two? Do you have wishes?
Miku: Of course.
Miku: My wish is to keep playing and singing with you all.
Ichika: Miku...
Len: Hahaha. I was going to say that too, but you beat me to the punch.
Miku: Well, why don't we make it come true now?
Len: What?
Saki: Yeah! Len, let's sing now!
Shiho: You practiced a song with us just yesterday, right? Why don't we sing that?
Honami: That's right! How about it, Len?
Len: I certainly can't say no to an invitation to play. Okay, let's do it!
Len: STAGE OF SEKAI!
(Exit: Miku)


4 [MUSIC] 159: STAGE OF SEKAI

5 [mc] mc_2022tanabata_3

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Len)
Miku: Good work you guys! How was it, Len?
Len: How was it? It was the best, of course! Moments like this are why I love being in a band.
Len: Thank you for inviting me!
Saki: Hehehe. You're very welcome♪
Ichika: Miku, Len, let's keep singing together for a long time.
Miku: Looking forward to it!
