163 An's Birthday Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022an_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
Kohane: An's birthday party was so lively!
Toya: It was. In particular, the people from Vivid Street who came to Weekend Garage looked like they were having a lot of fun.
Akito: They even started having a singing contest on the stage.
An: Hahaha! They've been like that as long as I've known them.
An: Back before Weekend Garage existed, when Dad was still in his group, there was this cafe we'd always go to.
An: Every year, my family and people from around town would gather there for my birthday party.
Kohane: So they've been celebrating with you for a long time then.
An: The earliest I remember was in kindergarten, but apparently they started when I was even smaller.
Toya: I remember you telling us a little about your childhood before, Shiraishi. The people of Vivid Street really do care for you, don't they?
An: They do, yeah. I really can't begin to say how grateful I am to them. Though, they also sometimes embarrass me.
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
Miku (VBS): You guys are here already?
Miku (VBS): Didn't you want to stay on your side for a while longer and enjoy the party?
An: We had so much fun already! I even smashed the singing contest that inevitably happens every year.
Akito: She was supposed to be the judge, but dumped the job on Ken halfway through to take part herself.
An: Hey, everyone was having so much fun, and I was just itching to join in!
Kohane: Hehe. I thought it was just like you to do that, An.
Toya: I agree, it was.
An: Right?! We'll have to all go use those ice cream coupons that I won!
Miku (VBS): So you won, An?
Akito: Were you really "itching to join in", or did you just want to get your hands on the prize?
An: Hahaha. No comment!
Toya: Well, everyone from the neighborhood had a good time, so all's well that ends well.
Kohane: Yeah. Not to mention that it's An's special day.
An: Exactly!
An: By the way, seeing as Miku's here too, do you guys wanna sing?
Akito: You just sang yourself hoarse at the party and you still want more?
An: I was singing solo though. I'm in the mood to sing with my teammates.
An: Singing alone feels good and all that, but it can't beat how I feel singing with you guys!
Miku (VBS): I'm in.
Miku (VBS): Actually, MEIKO and the others told me to stall you because they're not finished getting ready.
Kohane: Hey, An. I'd like to sing with you too, but...
Kohane: You and the people from Vivid Street looked like you were having so much fun and... I... Um... I thought it looked nice...
An: Wait, do you mean...?
An: Kohane!!
Kohane: Eep!
An: You really thought that? You're so cute!
Kohane: A-An, I can't breathe!
Akito: Well, I guess we can sing. If they're not ready yet, we can't go to MEIKO's place anyway.
Toya: Heh. I suppose so.
An: Woohoo! Okay, let's do this!
An: Start the music! Forward!


2 [MUSIC] 55: Forward

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022an_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
An: Phew! That felt great!
Kohane: Hehehe. I had a good time too.
Toya: I think I've never seen you two smiling as much as when you were singing just now.
Akito: Not to mention, you both sang louder than usual. I could really tell you meant it.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. I definitely felt how much you two care for each other.
Miku (VBS): Everyone in the audience, you felt it too, right?
An: Woah, when did you get here? Hi everyone! Did you like the song?
An: Yeah? That's good to hear!
Miku (VBS): Oh... It looks like they also want to wish you happy birthday, An.
An: Really? Hehe. Well then, I guess I'll have to accept their wishes!
Kohane: Yeah! Everyone, please join us in celebrating!
Kohane: Ready? All together now!
Kohane: Happy birthday, An!
Akito: "Happy birthday!"
Toya: "Happy birthday!"
Miku (VBS): "Happy birthday!"
An: Thank you, everyone!
An: Hahaha. I said I'd accept everyone's wishes, but getting a "Happy birthday!" from this many people at once does make me blush a little.
Miku (VBS): A blushing An is a rare sight. You should let everyone see while they can.
An: Huh? C'mon Miku, don't tease me like that...
Kohane: Hehe.
An: Um... Everyone! Thank you once again for coming to celebrate my birthday!
An: I'm going to keep working to put on an event that surpasses RAD WEEKEND!
An: That won't be a walk in the park, but I've got my adorable partner...
An: And I've got my dependable teammates!
An: And I have so many people like all of you supporting me!
An: So nothing's going to stop me! Just watch.
An: See you next time!
Kohane: Bye bye!
