166 Chasing The Sparkle Beyond the Blue Sky After Show (event_67)

1 [mc] mc_ev_idol_09_1

(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Miku: Mhmm! They tasted so good!
MEIKO: Thanks for sharing your cookies with us, Airi!
Airi: There's no need to thank me. Anyway, I was given these by—
Minori: There you are! Airi! Miku! MEIKO!
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Airi: Oh, hi guys!
Haruka: What were you three talking about?
Airi: Remember those cookies you gave me as thanks for planning the training camp? I was sharing those with Miku and the others.
Shizuku: Oh, those cookies we had made at the cafe where Minori works?
Airi: Yeah, those! Shaped like cats and so cute!
Airi: I wanted MEIKO and everyone to get a taste too, seeing as the training camp wouldn't have happened without them.
MEIKO: Hehe, thank you. I'll make sure KAITO and the others get their share too.
Miku: They were so cute it was a shame to eat them, but they were so yummy! Thank you, everyone!
Minori: Hehehe, I'm glad you liked them!
Miku: And it seems like your training camp was a huge success! And the stream did super well too, right?
Haruka: That's right. Not only did we fly up the charts, but there was even an article about us online.
Shizuku: Yes, there was! I'm so happy that the fans enjoyed it.
Minori: And it's all thanks to Airi that the training camp was both fun and effective!
MEIKO: Hehe. With that much critical acclaim, we'll have to make Airi chief director of our next training camp♪
Airi: And I'll gladly accept! I'll think up the best program for you.
Miku: Whoa, how exciting! I wonder what kind of training activities we'll be doing.
Airi: Hmm... The banana boat was good this time, but we definitely can't skip out on dance practice.
Minori: Yes, that's right! Dancing is key to being an idol!
Airi: Minori, you're just full of energy today!
Airi: In which case, why don't we all dance? All this talk of training camps has got me in the mood.
Haruka: I like that idea. I'm also in the mood to be active.
Minori: Me too, me toooo!
Shizuku: Me three!
Miku: Oh, could I join you as well?
Miku: The whole time I was watching all of you dance at your training camp, I kept wishing I was able to join in.
Airi: Hehe, of course you're welcome to join! Let's all dance together!
MEIKO: Well then, I'll stand back and appreciate the results of your training camp♪
Airi: We'll be pulling out all the stops for this of course! Everyone, let's do this!
Airi: Newly Edgy Idols!


2 [MUSIC] 57: Newly Edgy Idols

3 [mc] mc_ev_idol_09_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Shizuku: *Pant* How were we?
MEIKO: You were on point! You're so much more synced up than when I last saw you perform.
Miku: I thought the same thing when we were dancing together. Looks like your training camp has made you stronger as a team!
Haruka: Also... I noticed this at the camp as well, but don't you think Minori's dance style has changed a little?
Minori: Huh?! R-Really?!
Shizuku: You noticed too, Haruka? I was thinking the same.
Shizuku: I thought that Minori was even cuter than usual.
Minori: Whaaat?!
Minori: T-To hear that from you, Shizuku, is...such an honor...
Minori: But wait, wait! If you really noticed a difference, Airi should get all the credit for it!
Minori: She gave me some advice about the art of being an idol!
Haruka: Wow. You must have taught her something amazing, Airi.
Airi: Well... I wouldn't go so far as saying "the art"...
Airi: But if it's really my advice that helped you shine this much, Minori, then I couldn't be happier.
Minori: Airi...!
Airi: Even so, Minori. It's not me who should be getting credit for this. I just gave you advice, but you're the one who took it on board and worked so hard for this result.
Airi: So don't sell yourself short!
Minori: Okay! Thank you so much, Airi!
MEIKO: Hehe. Looks like the training camp put you guys on track to be an even better group.
Airi: I agree. And now... The solo show is fast approaching.
Airi: We need to keep what we learned at the camp in mind and work tirelessly until the end, so we can give our best performance yet!
Haruka: Sounds like a plan. There isn't long until the show, but let's do everything we can to be ready.
Minori: "Yeah!"
Shizuku: "Yeah!"
Airi: On that note, let's give it our all for today's practice!
Airi: If you don't mind, MEIKO and Miku, could you watch us?
MEIKO: Yes, of course! We're just as excited for your solo show as you are♪
Miku: Oh, we should ask KAITO and the others too. I'm sure they also want to watch you all dance.
Minori: I'll go get them then! KAITO, where are you?!
(Exit: Minori)
Haruka: Huh, Minori?!
Airi: *Sigh* She didn't have to go alone but, I guess it's too late now.
Airi: Well, we're gonna go practice now. Hope to see you here again!
Airi: Bye for now!
