168 Mizuki's Birthday Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022mizuki_1

(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
Mafuyu: There you are, Mizuki. Ena's annoyed that the star of the day ran away.
Mizuki: What? Ran away? That's so mean.
Mizuki: I even told everyone that I was just gonna take a break after eating way too many snacks.
Mafuyu: I see... But, everyone's looking for you. So we should head back soon.
Mafuyu: Mizuki? Did you want to stay a little longer?
Mizuki: Hmm... I kind of do, but... I actually want to bask a little longer.
Mafuyu: In what?
Mizuki: Warmth.
Mizuki: Have you experienced this before, Mafuyu? Have you ever felt everyone's presence a lot more when you're alone than when you're actually with them?
Mafuyu: Feel everyone's presence more when I'm alone...
Mafuyu: I don't know...
Mizuki: Right...
Mafuyu: Mizuki.
Mizuki: Hm?
Mafuyu: Does it really...feel warm?
Mizuki: Yeah. For me it is.
Mizuki: I don't know how to explain it... I guess it's like we're still connected even though we're apart?
Mizuki: Of course it feels the warmest and nicest when we're right next to each other, but I don't want to assume it's guaranteed to always be like that...
Mizuki: Like, it is guaranteed, but it's actually not, which makes it even more precious and dear...
Mafuyu: ...
Mizuki: Haha. Sorry for explaining it really bad.
Mizuki: Hey Mafuyu. If you're interested in finding out, wanna sing together?
Mizuki: I'm not great with words, but I might be able to express this feeling better if it's through a song.
Mafuyu: Sure...
Mizuki: Okay. Then let's sing! Here we go!


2 [MUSIC] 170: villain

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022mizuki_2

(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
Mizuki: Phew! How was that, Mafuyu? Do you get it now?
Mafuyu: I think...I managed to feel something.
Mizuki: Wait, really?! I suggested singing partly just for the sake of it, but...
Mizuki: That's great. I'm glad that some of what I was trying to say got across to you!
Mafuyu: But, I still don't know what I felt. If I don't know, then there isn't any point...
Mizuki: That's not true.
Mizuki: I mean, it's the same with what I said about feeling everyone's presence more when alone, but...
Mizuki: That's something even I can't really explain with words, but I can still feel the warmth. And I think that's what's important...
Mafuyu: ...
Mizuki: Oh, sorry. I guess I can't explain it after all.
(Enter: Ena)
Ena: Ah! There you are! Mizuki, you know that we can't celebrate without the star of the day, right?!
(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Miku-N25)
Mizuki: Whoa! Here comes Ms. Grumpy.
Ena: Huh? And who's fault do you think it is? You're the one who disappeared and didn't come back.
Mizuki: Haha. Sorry about that. The party was so much fun that I wanted to bask in these emotions.
Kanade: I see. When Mafuyu didn't come back, we went looking for you two since we thought you might've gotten lost.
Miku (N25): Yes. I'm glad that we managed to find both of you...
Mizuki: I see... Sorry, Kanade, Miku. Mafuyu stayed with me since I didn't make the move to go back.
Mafuyu: I wasn't planning to do that initially...
Mizuki: But, you sang with me, didn't you? Thank you for that, Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: Sure...
Ena: Excuse me. I was worried too, you know?
Mizuki: Alright, I'm sorry! Anyway, how did you guys even find this place?
Ena: Oh geez... Miku was the one who led us here.
Miku (N25): That's because I could sense a lot of feelings coming from here.
Miku (N25): The thoughts and feelings of everyone here led us to this place.
Mizuki: I see...
Mafuyu: There are a lot of people gathered here...
Miku (N25): They're all here to celebrate your birthday, Mizuki.
Mizuki: What! Really?! You should've told me earlier!
Mizuki: Hey everyone! Did you all really come to celebrate my birthday with me?
Mizuki: Whoa! Seriously? That's so nice! Thank you!
Kanade: In that case, we should celebrate together with everyone here too.
Ena: Sounds good. Here we go, everyone! Ready?
Ena: One, two...!
Mafuyu: "Happy birthday, Mizuki!"
Ena: "Happy birthday, Mizuki!"
Kanade: "Happy birthday, Mizuki!"
Miku (N25): "Happy birthday, Mizuki!"
Mizuki: Whoa! Thanks, you guys!
Mizuki: Thank you all too! This makes me so happy!
Mizuki: Because I'm so, so happy, could I get another cheer?
Ena: Wow, someone's already carried away...
Mizuki: Haha! That's because I'm high up on cloud nine right now.
Mizuki: Once again, thank you for coming to celebrate my birthday, everybody!
Mizuki: After getting so many birthday wishes, I have to stay healthy and happy for the year ahead!
Mizuki: See you here again next time! Bye bye!
