171 Don't lose faith! After Show (event_69)

1 [mc] mc_ev_band_10_1

(Enter: Saki)
Saki: Whoooaa! Shiho, you're so cool!
(Exit: Saki)
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
Ichika: The way you play bass truly is amazing, Shiho.
Honami: Hearing it up close like this really does feel different!
Shiho: You guys are exaggerating... Besides, all of you can perform really well too.
Shiho: I mean, you all practiced so much and...
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: KAITO)
Rin: Oh, there you are! Hey, you guys!
Rin: Hehe. We came to find you guys since we could hear someone playing a cool bass riff☆
KAITO: It was really good, Shiho. Just like at your show, it struck a chord in me.
Shiho: Oh... Thank you.
Rin: Your show was so amazing! I get excited just thinking about it again!
Ichika: Me too! I had so much fun performing that time.
Honami: It really felt like we were able to execute everything we practiced, didn't it?
Shiho: Seems like we all feel the same thing.
Saki: Feel the same thing... Wait! Shiho, does this mean...?
Shiho: I guess, I still have some of that excitement left over inside of me...
Shiho: Actually, I even feel like wanting to perform again now.
Saki: In that case, let's do it! I'm so in the mood to perform right now!
Rin: Ooh ooh, then can I join in? I've been itching to play with you guys!
Honami: Of course. Let's do it!
KAITO: Alright then, I'll be right here and listening to what you've all got to say.
Shiho: If you don't mind.
Shiho: So, are you all ready?
Shiho: Voices!


2 [MUSIC] 236: Voices

3 [mc] mc_ev_band_10_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: KAITO)
Saki: Thank you for listening, everyone!
Rin: *Sigh* That felt amazing!
Rin: That was a million times more fun than I ever imagined it to be! Thanks for letting me play with you guys!
Ichika: We all had a fun time too. Also, I felt all of your thoughts and emotions.
KAITO: Me too. I could really see how much fun you all were having and your emotions through your music.
Honami: It really does feel the best when we're all performing together.
Shiho: Yeah. I truly felt that way this time too.
Saki: Shiho...
Shiho: In the beginning, we only ever focused on trying to pull off a successful performance to prove our musical capabilities...
Shiho: But I realized that I have the most fun playing music whenever I'm with all of you.
Shiho: So, I can't wait to keep playing with you guys from here onward.
Shiho: It's kind of embarrassing to keep saying that...
Saki: No way, it's not embarrassing at all! I feel exactly the same way too!
Honami: Let's all keep doing our best together!
KAITO: I'm looking forward to your next show.
Rin: Oh yeah, what are you girls gonna do for the next show?! Have you already thought about it?
Shiho: We haven't but...that reminds me, Saku did ask us to perform at the same show next time.
Ichika: That's right. You two exchanged contact information, didn't you?
Rin: Whaaaat? You gave your info to that person who, not once, ever apologized to you guys? Why?!
KAITO: You really have a grudge against Saku, don't you, Rin?
Shiho: Well, she went out of her way to wait outside for us. And besides, it's not like we technically had any reason to refuse.
Rin: I see... I mean, if you guys manage to sort it out then I guess it's fine...
Rin: But, I just can't let it go! Especially after she said all those horrible things to you!
Saki: Haha! Thanks for sticking up for us Rin, but...
Saki: I think it was a good thing that Saku was blunt to us.
Saki: I don't think I would've ever realized that my music didn't hit home with the audiences I wanted to move if I kept writing songs the way I'd always been doing.
Ichika: I think so too. It was upsetting at the time, but thanks to that we were able to grow.
Rin: Fiiinne. If you guys say it's okay, then I guess I'll let it go... So what now? Are you going to take up the offer?
Shiho: I was thinking we should, but I wanted to know how you all feel about it too so I've put it on hold for now.
Shiho: But it's not like we've always been pumping out shows, so I'd like to have a meeting about it first.
Honami: Sounds good. We should take the time to think about it.
Saki: If we're going to perform on the same stage as anemone again, then I really want to show everyone just how much better we can be!
Ichika: I feel the same. Especially since Saku is one of the many people we want our music to reach, too.
Saki: "Yeah!" "Yes!"
Honami: "Yeah!" "Yes!"
Shiho: Alright then, now that's sorted, we're having an after party for our last show today, right?
Saki: Yup yup! That's exactly why I brought a whole bunch of snacks and sweets!
Ichika: I also brought some drinks. There's also paper cups and plates, so shall we start setting up in the classroom?
Saki: Sounds good! It's time to party♪
(Exit: Saki)
(Exit: Shiho)
(Exit: Ichika)
Honami: Hehe. Oh, Saki.
Honami: Please join us too, Rin, KAITO. The show wouldn't have been a success if it weren't for all of you and the others' help.
KAITO: T-Thank you... Um, I think I'll take up your offer.
Rin: Me too, me too! I'm so excited for all the snacks!
KAITO: Good for you, Rin.
Rin: Yeah! And as a member of Leo/need's audience, I can't wait to see what you girls do next♪
