172 Emu's Birthday Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022emu_1

(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
Emu: Wooow!!
Emu: Woooah!!
Emu: Wwwonderhoy!!
Tsukasa: Emu's been getting the crowd going like that for a while now... What's she doing?
Rui: Hehe. All these people have come to celebrate her birthday, so I believe she can't contain her happiness.
Miku (WxS): Yup yup☆ When this many people come to see you, it really is wonderhoy♪
Nene: That's right.
Emu: Hey, guys! Look at all these people who've come to celebrate my birthday!
Nene: I think we get it, Emu. We can see how many people are here and how excited you are.
Tsukasa: Yes! Also, Emu! You haven't formally greeted the crowd yet.
Rui: After all, you're the main event today. You can do the honors on behalf of us all.
Emu: Okay!
Emu: Everyone! Thank you sooo much for coming for my birthday!
Emu: We have a special show for you today, so I hope you're reaaally excited for it☆
Emu: Oh, but first! Before our special show, I have something to tell you all☆
Emu: The thing is, yesterday I got a letter in the mail from an elementary schooler who came to one of our shows.
Miku (WxS): Wow, a letter?!
Emu: Yeah! They had a fight with their best friend at school, and felt awful until they came to see us.
Emu: But, our show made them smile so, so much!
Emu: They enjoyed it so much that they wanted to talk to the friend that they'd had a fight with.
Emu: Their letter said, "I'm going to try to make things right with them," and, "Thank you for this opportunity"♪
Tsukasa: I was surprised when Emu told me about this. Who would have thought we'd get a letter like that.
Rui: "Yeah." "Indeed."
Nene: "Yeah." "Indeed."
Emu: Hehehe. We've put on so many shows up until now, but I guess it's not just watching a show that can make you smile.
Rui: That's true. I think you can smile over and over again when you tell someone about a show or reminisce.
Nene: I hope they can make up with their friend.
Tsukasa: If they feel strongly enough about making amends with their friend to write us a letter, then they have nothing to worry about!
Emu: Yeah, I think so too!
Emu: But I also want us to use this show to cheer that kid on and give them courage♪
Miku (WxS): Wow, that's so nice! Can I help too?
Emu: Of course you can! Thanks, Miku!
Tsukasa: Who would have thought we'd spend Emu's birthday putting on a show to make someone else smile.
Nene: But isn't that exactly Emu's kind of birthday?
Rui: True. Making sure that everyone is smiling is the perfect birthday present for Emu.
Emu: Okaaay! Tsukasa, Nene, Rui! Are you ready?
Tsukasa: Yes! Ready whenever!
Emu: Thank you! Okay, here we gooo!


2 [MUSIC] 178: Theme of Niccori Survey Team

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022emu_2

(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
Emu: Did you like our show, everyone?
Tsukasa: It would seem they very much did!
Emu: Yay! I'm glad!
Emu: I wonder if our hopes for that kid reached them?
Nene: We put so much emotion into it, so they must have, right?
Rui: That's right.
Emu: Hehehe... Thanks, you two.
Tsukasa: Alright! We still have an important thing to say to the birthday girl.
Tsukasa: Everyone! Join us in wishing Emu a happy birthday!
Tsukasa: All together now!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Emu!
Rui: "Happy birthday!"
Nene: "Happy birthday!"
Miku (WxS): "Happy birthday!"
Emu: Wow...!
Emu: Everyone! Thank you wonderhoy for coming!
Emu: I'm gonna keep putting on lots and lots of shows to make eeeveryone smile!
Emu: So if you're thinking, "I have no energy," or, "I want to laugh real hard," then come watch us perform!
Emu: Thank you so, so, so much for today! Bye bye♪
Tsukasa: Take care going home.
Miku (WxS): See you soon!
