173 Paint What I Love♪ Rainbow Canvas After Show (event_70)

1 [MUSIC] 159: STAGE OF SEKAI

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_23_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Len)
Honami: Thank you for coming, everyone! Did you all enjoy that?
Honami: I'm glad!
Honami: Good work, everyone!
Len: Today's performance went so well. I feel like our sound was a lot livelier than usual.
Saki: Totally! I had such a fun time too!
Shiho: Your drumming was especially good today, Honami. You were so upbeat.
Honami: Huh? I-I didn't realize it was that obvious...
Shiho: You were smiling from ear to ear the whole time we were performing, so it was hard not to.
Ichika: Could it be that everything at your job shadowing went smoothly?
Honami: Yes! I'm not sure if my teaching skills were up to par, but...
Honami: I've started to enjoy drawing more now.
Saki: Really?! I'm so happy for you, Hona!
Shiho: Judging from the drawing you showed us the other day, I can see that you improved a lot too.
Honami: Oh, yes. But... I think I'm going to stop drawing in that style.
Ichika: What? Why?
Honami: I know that my art will resonate with someone as long as I draw with confidence.
Honami: So, even though I'm really bad and people often can't tell what I've drawn, I'm going to keep drawing the way that's true to myself.
Len: I see...
Len: Sounds good. That's what's most important anyway.
Honami: Thank you. Oh, but...I still have a long way to go when it comes to drawing in front of a lot of people...
Shiho: The same could be said for everyone, right?
Ichika: Yes. I know I get nervous.
Saki: But, I wanted to see what you painted, Hona!
Shiho: Me too. How did it all turn out?
Honami: Oh! I'll show you all the photos after this!
Honami: I want to show the photos to Miku and the others too, so let's head back to the classroom first.
Saki: Yay, thank you! I can't wait!
Honami: Oh, that's right. I better give my thanks to Ena and Ms. Yoisaki too...
Honami: I wonder what Ena is doing right now...


3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_23_2

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Rin)
Mizuki: Whaaat?! You were a kindergarten teacher for a day?!
Ena: What's with that reaction? It's not that surprising.
Mizuki: What?! Of course, it's surprising! When you said you were going to teach art to someone, I didn't think it would reach that scale!
Kanade: I was also surprised to hear about that...
Mafuyu: Ena...as a kindergarten teacher...
Ena: What? You got something to say about that?
Kanade: But, you're really good at looking after people Ena, so I think it actually suits you.
Rin: I think so too...
Mizuki: Well, it's not like I think it doesn't suit you.
Ena: Mhmm... I'll let this one slide.
Ena: But, I think it was a good experience.
Ena: I had fun and I'm so glad that Honami, Emu and the kids were able to find the joy in art.
Kanade: I see...
Ena: Yeah, and all of that helped me realize that I really do love art.
Ena: Hey, do you all want to sing a song? I'm just suddenly really in the mood now.
Kanade: Sure. Let's do it.
Ena: Alright then, here we go. Nomad.


4 [MUSIC] 189: Nomad

5 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_23_3

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Rin)
Ena: Thank you for listening, everyone.
Ena: After trying to teach art myself, I realized something.
Ena: I think what makes a piece of artwork appealing is whether or not the person who made it likes their work.
Ena: And I think that applies to me too... When you're focusing too much on trying to make your artwork "look good", it doesn't really resonate with those who see it.
Kanade: I think I understand what you mean. Most of the time when I'm not satisfied with a track, Mafuyu isn't happy with it either.
Mizuki: Haha, I can remember some examples.
Mafuyu: I'm just being honest...
Ena: Well, at least it's clear.
Ena: So I've decided that I'm going to continue drawing and making pieces that I like until I'm satisfied.
Rin: Good luck, Ena.
Ena: Thanks, Rin.
Ena: Anyway, shall we get back to work? I can't wait to draw.
Kanade: Sounds good. Hey Rin, would you let Miku know that we'll be back once the song is done?
Rin: Sure.
Mizuki: Thanks for being here, everyone! Please do come again next time!
Ena: Yeah. See you later.
