174 Walk on and on After Show (event_71)

1 [mc] mc_ev_street_10_1

(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
Toya: Akito, I've realized something in all of this.
Akito: You have? What is it?
Toya: I thought that it can be a good thing sometimes to go overboard, but I guess there's a limit.
Toya: All this preparation for our event has left me tired out. Especially this last week...
Akito: No kidding. We managed to get two songs hammered out in a matter of days.
Toya: In hindsight, it was such a meaningful experience, even if we got too busy to think at the time.
Toya: Also, I was really surprised by how you finished off your track.
Akito: Really?
Toya: Yes. You said you needed a little more time, but the chorus had already changed entirely a day later.
Toya: I could hear Shiraishi's explosive force and your sharpness, like a blade formed from molten steel.
Toya: Your cutting edge and her energy, melded together. Truly "Silence & Action".
Akito: That's all good, but I don't want to hear "surprised" from you, especially after you pulled that incredible track out of nowhere.
Toya: I made you wait a long time, ever since we formed BAD DOGS. I'm sorry.
Akito: It's all good. I would've waited as long as it took. I always knew you had it in you to create an amazing track.
Toya: Thank you... Though, it ended up putting too much on everyone's plate.
Akito: You're not wrong there. But we all knew what we signed up for.
Akito: We were all prepared for "too much". No matter what comes our way, we just do it, right?
Akito: Too much won't even be enough if we're gonna surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Toya: Yes, you're right. We'll have to keep...
(Enter: Kohane)
Kohane: An, I'm sorry for keeping it secret from everyone that I was making my own track.
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: KAITO)
An: Don't worry about it Kohane! I'm so flattered you sampled my song!
An: No one's ever sampled me before! My heart was pounding the whole time I was listening to it.
Kohane: Was it really? Thank you! Hearing you say that makes me glad I made it.
An: But tell me next time, okay? I really, really want to help out!
Luka: Hehe. I heard KAITO helped you write a song, Kohane. Look at you♪
KAITO: Honestly, I didn't do much at all.
Kohane: That's not true. I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you so much!
KAITO: It was my pleasure! I really like the track, Kohane.
KAITO: How would I put it? It's exciting and breathtaking, like your feelings are growing and spilling over into the world.
Kohane: But it wasn't good enough for us to sing... So I have a long way to go.
Luka: Even so, it's such a big deal to be able to express your emotions!
Luka: Just keep up what you're doing and move forward one step at a time.
KAITO: Luka! That's exactly what I was going to say! Why'd you have to beat me to it?
Luka: Oops! Did I steal your thunder? Sorry!
Toya: One step at a time... Yes, we can't let anything stop us.
An: Toya, Akito!
Kohane: Sorry we're late.
Toya: That's alright. Actually, can I say something before we all reflect on yesterday's event?
Akito: What now, did you write another song or something?
Toya: No.
Toya: I just...want to sing. What I'm feeling now... I think I could put it into a song.
Toya: Would you all join me for that?
Akito: Well, I had a feeling that's what was on your mind. Okay, let's do it.
Luka: Then I'll join you too, if you don't mind.
Luka: KAITO got to be everyone's hero this time, so I want to contribute too!
KAITO: Aww, I wanted to join in too... I guess I'll let Luka have her moment.
An: Hahaha. Well, as for me and Kohane, we're all systems go!
Toya: Thank you, everyone. Let's go. Mirai!


2 [MUSIC] 180: Mirai

3 [mc] mc_ev_street_10_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: KAITO)
Toya: Thank you for listening, everyone.
Toya: We made it through an intense week of focused practice for that event.
Toya: And now it's over, I feel like I've hit a reset button. I really hope my performance conveyed that energy.
KAITO: It sure did! Every note of it!
KAITO: Listening to you and everyone sing, I could really feel your happiness and how much you care about each other!
Toya: That's good... Thank you.
Akito: Alright, let's get started with our debrief of the event.
An: Yeah, let's! Phew, I feel brand new after singing! We've been so busy lately, so it'd be nice to slow down today.
Luka: Hehe, maybe I'll join you for that too? I want to hear all about your event.
KAITO: Me too! Hey, why don't we all go to MEIKO's place for it?
Toya: That sounds great. Let's head over.
(Exit: Kohane)
(Exit: An)
(Exit: Akito)
(Exit: Luka)
(Exit: KAITO)
Toya: Until next time, everyone. We'll continue to sing and give it everything we have, so let's meet here again soon.
(Exit: Toya)
