178 Haruka's Birthday Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_bd_2022haruka_1

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Airi)
Minori: All together now everyone! Let's celebrate as one!
Minori: One, two...!
Minori: Happy birthday, Haruka!!
Airi: "Happy birthday!"
Shizuku: "Happy birthday!"
Miku: "Happy birthday!"
Haruka: Thank you, everybody!
Haruka: You too, everyone!
Haruka: For today's birthday fan meeting, we have put together a segment and a performance. I hope you're as excited as we are!
Minori: We have been waiting with eager anticipation for this day!
Airi: Indeed we have. Thank you very much, Miss Haruka-Superfan.
Shizuku: Hehe. Well, without further ado, let's begin our segment. Miku, will you do the honors?
Miku: Sure!
Miku: I can now reveal that the segment thought up by Shizuku and others especially for today is...
Miku: The AMA of Excitement☆ You're Really Asking That?!
Minori: "Yaaay♪"
Airi: "Yaaay♪"
Shizuku: "Yaaay♪"
Miku: We'll each ask one question, and Haruka, you'll have to answer us.
Miku: The first question is: "What has been something fun in your private life lately?"
Haruka: That would have to be when we all went to the waterpark. The four of us got on that very long waterslide.
Airi: That was so fun! Well... A certain someone clung screaming to Haruka for dear life.
Minori: But...but... It was so much more powerful and faster than it looked...!
Shizuku: It really did pack a punch. Right at the end, Haruka and Minori shot right off the board and splashed into the pool!
Airi: We were fine because we held on to the handles, but Minori was holding on to Haruka, and Haruka was doing her best to keep Minori from falling off.
Miku: Were you both okay?
Minori: Yes, we were fine thanks to Haruka! I did get pool water up my nose though...
Haruka: Hehe. From the point where we flew off the board to when we landed in the pool, it was like time slowed down. It was all really funny.
Haruka: I could see Minori with her eyes shut tight, as well as Airi and Shizuku looking up at us with their mouths agape.
Haruka: That's not something you experience every day.
Miku: Wow! I'm glad you had fun.
Airi: Okay, question number two!
Airi: This one's a classic: "Moving forward, what is something you want to try?" Try to think of something personal to you, not related to the group!
Haruka: Something personal... Oh, I suppose I'm interested in cooking.
Shizuku: Oh really, cooking?
Haruka: Yes. I often eat chicken tenderloin as it's high in protein and low in calories, and my mother has a vast repertoire of clever ways to cook it.
Haruka: I would like to learn that sort of thing for myself. That way, I can make things easier for her.
Minori: I... I can't believe you care so much for your mom!
Shizuku: Hehe. In that case, Airi can teach you a thing or two♪
Airi: Why are you offering on my behalf?
Airi: Anyway, if you're serious about it, Haruka, then I don't mind. You're smart and pick things up quickly, so I'm sure you'll have no need for lessons in no time.
Minori: Oh, if you two need a taster, I'll gladly volunteer!
Shizuku: Ooh, yes! I'll help too♪
Airi: That's cute, but the cooks will handle the tasting, so your services are not required!
Minori: "Nooo!" "Aww!"
Shizuku: "Nooo!" "Aww!"
Haruka: Hehe.
Miku: As fun as the questions have been, it's now time for our performance.
Shizuku: That's true. Haruka, are you ready?
Haruka: Of course!
Haruka: Both as a member of MORE MORE JUMP! and as Haruka Kiritani, my hope for the next year is to keep trying new things and introducing you all to new aspects of myself.
Haruka: This song is dedicated to that hope.
Haruka: We hope you enjoy. IF.


2 [MUSIC] 211: IF

3 [mc] mc_bd_2022haruka_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
Haruka: Thank you for listening, everyone!
Minori: And that leads us right into the second half of "The AMA of Excitement☆ You're Really Asking That?!"
Airi: Haruka... You may want to brace yourself. In a way, we've reached this segment's final form.
Haruka: Huh?
Shizuku: Okay, I'll ask next. Haruka, what is your favorite way to order udon?
Haruka: U-Udon?
Haruka: Um, for a no-frills option, I guess just a soup with simple toppings... Oh, but I do like kitsune udon.
Minori: Now my turn! Where would you go traveling with a penguin?
Haruka: A penguin?!
Haruka: Let's see... I'd want to go with them on walks and swim in the sea together... Where could we do that...?
Miku: Haruka's really getting into the spirit of this!
Airi: Y-You've got that right...
Airi: Alright, Haruka, do we have a verdict?
Haruka: Yes. I had many ideas, but I think I'd most like to go to Madagascar.
Minori: "Madagascar?!"
Airi: "Madagascar?!"
Haruka: Yes. It has beautiful coral reefs, and these diving locations where you can even manta rays and whale sharks if you're lucky.
Haruka: It would be wonderful to swim there with a penguin.
Shizuku: Well! Just thinking about that fills me with excitement♪ Well, why don't we go there next time we have a beach training camp?
Airi: Woah, hold your horses there. Do you even know where Madagascar is?
Minori: It'll be fine! It's an island, and it's on the Earth, so we'll figure something out!
Airi: No we will not! More to the point, what kind of reasoning is that?!
Haruka: Hehehe.
Haruka: I'm sure a penguin swimming companion is a big ask, but I would love for us all to go someday.
Miku: I think so too♪
Haruka: Once again, thank you everyone for coming to my birthday fan meeting!
Haruka: Here's to another year of trying new things and introducing you all to so many different sides of me.
Haruka: I don't know how far I'll get, but I hope you'll be behind me all the way.
Haruka: Until next time!
