179 Dear Me, From Back Then After Show (event_73)

1 [mc] mc_ev_idol_10_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Minori: Wow! This is amazing! I never would've thought such a cute stage like this would be around here!
MEIKO: Me neither, but we stumbled upon it right after your solo show.
KAITO: I'm sure this stage was born from your feelings.
Shizuku: I see... It makes me happy just at the thought of that.
KAITO: By the way, I think you all mentioned that you wanted to talk to us about something, right?
Haruka: Oh, yes, we did. But Miku and the others aren't here today...
Airi: If possible, we would like it if everyone was here for it...
KAITO: Is it about your solo show? I remember all of us saying that we wanted to talk about it as soon as possible.
MEIKO: It truly was an amazing solo show. I could feel all of your emotions throughout the whole thing.
KAITO: And your speech especially, Minori. We were so moved that we were tearing up.
MEIKO: Well, Miku and Rin actually shed tears.
Minori: Really?! Hehehe, that makes me happy to hear that...
Minori: But this show was really special to me too!
Haruka: Hehe. You truly were the embodiment of an idol during the show, Minori.
Minori: Haruka!
Minori: J-Just thinking about it again is giving me the urge to sing!
Airi: Hehe, why not? I feel like stretching my vocal cords myself.
MEIKO: Oh, in that case, may I join all of you?
MEIKO: Since watching your solo show and finding this new stage not long after that, I've just been having the greatest itch to sing♪
Shizuku: Hehe. I don't think we can say no to that. Let's all sing together♪
KAITO: Then I'll be with the audience listening to you. It feels like an extension of your solo show, so I'm looking forward to it.
Airi: Hehe. Then let's perform with exactly that in mind with MEIKO as a special guest!
Minori: Oooh! I like that! Sounds like so much fun!
Haruka: Well then, we now present you the "MORE MORE JUMP Solo Show Encore: Special Performance in SEKAI." Here we go!
Minori: We hope you enjoy it, everyone!
Minori: DREAM PLACE!


2 [MUSIC] 252: DREAM PLACE

3 [mc] mc_ev_idol_10_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Airi: Thank you, everyone!
Minori: Wooow, that felt so good!
MEIKO: Agreed!
KAITO: I had an amazing time listening to all of you perform too. On top of that, your feelings really came through.
KAITO: I know there was a lot of emotions within your warmth. Like your determination and resolve, or even Minori's nervousness towards your first solo show.
MEIKO: And all of that reaches everyone who're listening through your songs.
KAITO: Exactly. And it's not only your performance just now. I also felt that during your solo show. I think that's what made it as amazing as it was.
Minori: Hehehe. It makes me really happy to hear you both say that.
Minori: When I watched the DVD of an ASRUN show I went to, I remembered something.
Minori: I remembered my desire to become an idol who can forge a bond with their fans.
Minori: Just like Haruka during that show!
Haruka: Minori...
Minori: That's why I'm so so so happy that I was able to do just that at our solo show!
Minori: So happy that I want to tell my past self, "You did it!"
Haruka: Your past self, huh?
Airi: Hehe. I bet you were just doing any audition you could get your hands on to raise your chances of hitting jackpot, right?
Minori: Uh... Y-Yeah, pretty much...
Haruka: But I think if your past self were to look at you now, she would say that you've become a true idol.
Haruka: Like Airi said, you were the center of everyone's attention during our solo show. I think you should be proud of that. We were all inspired by you, Minori.
Minori: Really? Thank you, Haruka!
Shizuku: But, I think that we not only forged a bond with the audience but also amongst ourselves.
Airi: I think so too. I felt like we were all so connected when we were on that stage.
Minori: Yeah. It really, really, really was an amazing show. I don't think I'll ever forget it.
Haruka: Minori...
Shizuku: I'm so glad that our solo show was a special one for you, Minori.
KAITO: After all of your hard work, I'm happy that your solo show was a memorable experience for you.
Minori: Yeah! Being able to apply everything you've all taught me and getting to express my gratitude to our fans for all of their support...
Minori: It really was the best show ever!
Airi: Let's keep working hard to deliver hope to more and more people!
Haruka: Yes, let's. But in order to do that, we can't get complacent and make sure to always put on the best show.
Shizuku: You're right! I'm going to keep doing my best!
Minori: I'll be right there to keep up with all of you! We hope that you'll keep supporting us too, everyone!
Airi: Hehe. I guess we have now come to the end of our special performance. Hope to see you all at our next show.
Minori: "Bye bye!"
Haruka: "Bye bye!"
Airi: "Bye bye!"
Shizuku: "Bye bye!"
