182 Halloween Show 2023

1 [mc] mc_2022halloween_1

(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Oh, hello everyone. Um... Happy Halloween...
Miku: Mafuyu and Mizuki said they're going to sing something that's just right for Halloween.
Miku: And Kanade and Ena have gone to help them change.
Miku: They helped me change into this too.
Miku: Do you think it suits me?
(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
Ena: Thanks for waiting, Miku. We're all set now.
Miku: Okay. Then let's all enjoy their performance.
Miku: Mafuyu, Mizuki, whenever you're ready. villain.
(Exit: Ena)
(Exit: Kanade)
(Exit: Miku)


2 [MUSIC] 170: villain

3 [mc] mc_2022halloween_2

(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Miku)
Mizuki: Wow, what a response! Thank you everyone!
Mizuki: *Sigh* That felt great. Did you enjoy it too, Miku?
Miku: Yes. Thank you, Mizuki, Mafuyu. It looks like everyone else enjoyed it, too.
Mizuki: I'm so happy that you all had a fun time! Happy Halloween, everyone!
Mizuki: Hahaha. You can't celebrate Halloween without putting on something like this!
Mafuyu: Halloween...? I thought this was a rehearsal for our next song?
Mafuyu: I was told we were practicing for Kanade's next song because Mizuki and I will be the ones singing.
Ena: Read the room, Mafuyu... Well, Miku's happy, so that's what matters, right?
Kanade: Yeah. Just like Miku said, your performance was great, and it got me excited to hear you sing my next song. Also... I now have a nice Halloween memory.
Kanade: I really never expected to be wearing a costume like this, but... It can be good once in a while, I guess.
Mizuki: Hahaha, right?
Mizuki: Oh yeah! I brought candy for everyone! Let's call Len and the others over, and we can all have some.
Ena: Great idea. Let's go find them.
(Exit: Ena)
(Exit: Mizuki)
(Exit: Kanade)
Miku: I wonder if people in other SEKAI are also singing and celebrating like this?
Mafuyu: Miku, is something the matter?
Miku: Oh... Nothing. See you later.
(Exit: Miku)
(Exit: Mafuyu)


4 [MUSIC] 41: Sweet Magic

5 [mc] mc_2022halloween_3

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: KAITO)
Luka: Happy Halloween everyone!
Rin: "Happy Halloween!"
Miku: "Happy Halloween!"
Len: "Happy Halloween!"
KAITO: "Happy Halloween!"
MEIKO: "Happy Halloween!"
Rin: Hey, everyone! Look at my costume!
Luka: It looks good on you, Rin. It's very cute.
MEIKO: And everyone else looks great too!
Luka: It's so fun that we're in matching outfits.
KAITO: Hehe. Still, I'm glad we decided on these outfits. Originally we were going to all dress up as pumpkins...
Miku: That's right, we were! We were gonna hollow out real pumpkins, then stick them all over our heads and bodies and arms and be pumpkin monsters!
MEIKO: That might just work for Rin and Len, but we'd need so many pumpkins to pull it off that we decided against it.
Luka: Oh, I actually did the math. Just one arm would need four whole pumpkins.
KAITO: Hahaha, that many? These outfits really were the right choice.
Rin: Whaaat?! Real pumpkins might have been a bad idea, but we could have made it work with cardboard.
KAITO: Huh? Did you two want to be pumpkin monsters that badly?
Rin: Umm, yes! It's Halloween!
Len: Yeah, what she said!
Miku: I guess we can't do it for all of us, but...
Miku: Maybe we can make it happen for Rin and Len by the end of Halloween?
Len: What? Really?! We can be pumpkin monsters after all?!
KAITO: Sure, why not give it a try? It is Halloween and all.
Len: "Yay!"
Rin: "Yay!"
Luka: In that case, we need to head back and get to work on that.
Luka: Thank you for coming today, everyone.
Luka: How was it? Did you like our performance?
Luka: I hope you all spend the spookiest night of the year in style!
Miku: "See you!"
MEIKO: "See you!"
KAITO: "See you!"
Len: "Bye bye!"
Rin: "Bye bye!"
