183 Screaming?! Welcome to the Forest of Wolves! After Show (event_75)

1 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_25_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Minori: Ahh! The School Festival was so much fun!
Haruka: Each and every class really pulled out all the stops.
Miku: Hehe, sounds like a lot of fun! Please do tell me more.
Luka: I'm also curious to know.
Shizuku: Er... I don't know where to start. There were stalls and plays...
Haruka: Airi and Shizuku's sweets stall really hit it big. I heard everything was already sold out by the end of the second day.
Airi: Yeah, but we couldn't have done it alone! Getting those stellar reviews meant all our hard work really paid off!
Airi: Hey, let's not forget about your class's animal cafe, Haruka! That kitty castella cake of yours really hit the spot!
Minori: Although nothing can compare to witnessing Haruka in cat ears!
Airi: You've said that for the hundredth time now...
Minori: I really mean it! I swear she was like a beacon of cuteness that engulfed the entire room in a heavenly light!
Luka: Hehe. When it comes to Haruka, your eyes always gleam with adoration.
Haruka: Aha, I don't know what to say... Thank you.
Minori: G-Gah! H-Harukaaa...!
Airi: Okay, okay, take a deep breath now.
Shizuku: That aside, let's take a moment to appreciate the Haunted House that Minori's class did. Talk about a crowd-pleaser!
Airi: Yeah! Before I knew it, I found myself going in for round two!
Minori: Hehehe. Happy to hear it— Oh! Speaking of, I actually have you guys to thank for that, too!
Shizuku: Huh? Us too?
Minori: Yes! Brainstorming ideas for the haunted house with my class reminded me of our brainstorming sessions as a band. Then, the ideas just started flowing.
Minori: I guess working with you all has made me more of an idea person, so thank you!
Haruka: Hehe, you're welcome, but I think the person you should really thank is yourself.
Airi: Look at you, Minori! Your true strengths are really shining through!
Minori: I guess so! Singing and dancing aside, I'm starting to learn that there are many more ways to deliver charm and cheer to a crowd!
Minori: And... I'm gonna do my best to master them!
Airi: Alright, that's the spirit! Keep that energy up 'cause it's time to perform!
Shizuku: Right! Which song should we start with?
Minori: Are you thinking what I'm thinking? It's time to lay those cat ears to rest and summon bloodsucking Haruka from the grave!
Haruka: It sounds scary when you put it like that but... I like that idea. Shall we?
Minori: Yeah! Let's do it!
Minori: The Vampire!
(Exit: Luka)


2 [MUSIC] 213: The Vampire

3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_25_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Minori: Yay! We nailed that dance!
Minori: Hehehe, I guess the school festival hype still hasn't worn off!
Minori: I wonder what Kohane's doing now? She's probably practicing with the others...


4 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_25_3

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Really! You were in the school paper, Kohane?!
Kohane: Y-Yes...
Akito: Well, you're bound to raise a few eyebrows looking like that.
Toya: I'd say it's harder to not cover such an outlandish story.
An: I-I'm sorry, Kohane. If it wasn't for me running so chaotically—
Kohane: Hey, it's not your fault, An! I'm just surprised that this blew up the way it did!
(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Ah, so this is where you all were.
Kohane: Oh, Miku! Is everything okay?
Miku: Len's been searching for Rin and it's driving him mad. He said, "real mean of her to slip away and go to the festival without me!"
Rin: Oof...
Akito: I had a feeling this would happen.
Rin: Hey, Miku. What if I told him all about the festival?
Miku: I'm not sure about that... Wouldn't that just add more fuel to the flame?
Toya: Hearing about the amazing school festival he didn't get to go to would just make him feel like he missed out even more.
An: Ahaha, I guess the best we can do is just apologize for not inviting him.
An: Things may not have all gone to plan, but boy was it fun. I'd say it was on par with ours.
An: So, thank you, Kohane!
Kohane: No problem!
Kohane: Hehe, now this has really got me into the singing mood!
An: Really? Me too! So shall we?
Rin: Hey, count me in too! There's no holding back at times like this!
Miku: In that case, I might as well jump on the bandwagon!
Kohane: Okay, everyone ready? PaⅢ.SENSATION!


5 [MUSIC] 195: PaⅢ.SENSATION

6 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_25_4

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
Kohane: Hehe, wow, I feel like the adrenaline still hasn't worn off!
Kohane: Ah, are you guys feeling it too? I hope so!
Toya: I did feel more energy and life in that performance.
An: Yeah! Who knew having a ball at the school festival would have its aftereffects?
Akito: I guess there's some sort of connection... Well, sometimes a change of pace is worth it.
Miku: Oh, Rin. It looks like Len is heading our way.
Rin: What?! No way! Uh-oh, he looks mad. I've gotta go, buh-bye!
(Exit: Rin)
Kohane: Rin, wait!
(Enter: Len)
Len: Rin! Get back here now! I can't believe you snuck off without me!
Kohane: "Haha!" "Hehe."
An: "Haha!" "Hehe."
Akito: "Haha!" "Hehe."
Toya: "Haha!" "Hehe."
Miku: "Haha!" "Hehe."
(Exit: Len)
