214 Never Give Up Cooking! After Show (event_87)

1 [MUSIC] 106: As You Like It

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_29_1

(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Len)
Emu: Woo! That was fun!
Tsukasa: It truly does feel amazing when you sing out loud like this!
Len: I had fun too! Thanks for inviting me to join you, Rui!
Rui: Of course. It was my pleasure.
Nene: But Rui, why did you want to sing with us all of a sudden?
Rui: Hehe, I just remembered that there's some people who I haven't given a White Day gift yet.
Emu: White Day gift... Oh! I get it now!
Tsukasa: Hmm, I see. So the performance just now was a gift to those who have continued to support us.
Rui: Yes, that's exactly right.
Len: Hey everyone! Did you all enjoy that?
Nene: You seem to be a lot more proactive about this than usual, Rui.
Rui: I suppose that's true. It must be because I witnessed someone try their absolute hardest to make another smile.
Tsukasa: Hm? Could you be referring to Toya?
Nene: Huh? Did something happen with Aoyagi?
Rui: Aoyagi was practicing baking sweets as his gifts for White Day, and I volunteered to be his taste tester.
Rui: And... Things didn't go very smoothly along the way, but he was able to make something nice by the end of it.
Tsukasa: Yes! The cupcakes were absolutely wonderful!
Len: Huh? Those cupcakes were for you, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Yes! Toya made them especially for Saki and myself.
Tsukasa: Rui, I already heard from Toya, but I'd like to thank you as well! He was very appreciative of your help.
Rui: You're very welcome. But, I lent Aoyagi a hand because I saw just how important this was to him and also...because of you, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: What? Because of me?
Rui: Yes, because of you. You, too, were working extremely hard to make sure he would enjoy himself.
Rui: After seeing that, there was no way I wouldn't have helped him.
Tsukasa: I didn't realize...
Emu: Wow! That's like so wonderfully wonderhoy!
Nene: Hehe... I think you're right.
Rui: I suppose it is. On top of that... I also had a wonderful time watching the two of you work so hard for each other.
Tsukasa: Ngh... It's a little embarrassing hearing you say it aloud, but...I guess it's fine.
Rui: Hehe... By the way, there's something else I'd like to ask you, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: What is it?
Rui: How was Aoyagi on the day of your dinner party?
Tsukasa: Toya...
Tsukasa: Of course, he had a bright smile on his face!
Rui: I see. That's all that matters.


3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_29_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: KAITO)
An: Hey everybody! Happy White Day!
Akito: Whoa, someone's fired up.
An: That's 'cause White Day was so fun! I was so happy to just get homemade cookies from Len, but to think we'd get something homemade from Toya too!
Kohane: The cupcakes tasted amazing. Thank you, Aoyagi.
Toya: Really? I'm very glad you liked them.
Akito: Well, I sure did.
Akito: Toya, thanks for giving me some too. They were so good.
Toya: Akito...
Toya: But the reason I succeeded was only because a lot of people lent me their help.
Toya: So thank you very much, KAITO.
KAITO: Haha. Don't worry about it! I had fun teaching you!
Akito: By the way... So Kamishiro ended up being your taste tester?
Toya: Yes. Not only was he my taste tester, but he also picked me up when I was feeling discouraged. I'm very appreciative of him.
Toya: If it weren't for Kamishiro, I'm certain I wouldn't have been able to bake anything good in the end.
An: Hehe. Even though Kamishiro causes trouble here and there, he really is a nice person!
Akito: In that case, we better give him our thanks too.
Akito: Especially since it was because of him, we were able to try your cupcakes.
Kohane: Yeah!
Toya: That reminds me, KAITO. I am, of course, grateful to you, MEIKO and the others, but please give my thanks to Miku as well.
Kohane: Miku?
Toya: Yes. Miku's guidance helped me greatly when I was baking.
Kohane: Really?
Kohane: I didn't know that Miku was good at baking.
Akito: In that case, I'm keen to try her homemade sweets sometime.
An: Huh? But, I was sure Miku...
KAITO: A-Actually, yes, of course! I'll be sure to talk to her for you.
KAITO: Miku is slowly getting better too, so I'm sure she can make something edible with the right amount of preparation...
Kohane: Huh? What do you mean?
KAITO: Y-You know what, we can talk about this more later, so um...
KAITO: I got it! Toya, Akito, let's sing a song!
Akito: Where did that come from?
KAITO: Well, I mean. There are still some people you haven't given gifts for White Day yet, right?
Toya: Actually... Yes, you're right.
Akito: Well, I can't argue with that.
Toya: Hello, everyone. We'll be performing for you as a gift for White Day and a token of our gratitude. I hope you enjoy it.
Toya: Ifuudoudou.
(Exit: Kohane)
(Exit: An)


4 [MUSIC] 95: Ifuudoudou

5 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_29_3

(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
Toya: Thank you for listening, everyone. Even if it's just a little bit, I hope my feelings came through.
Toya: Please know that your ongoing support has always kept me afloat.
Toya: And I cannot thank you all enough. Please come and listen to us again.
