215 Kohane's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023kohane_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
Kohane: Oh, Miku!
Miku (VBS): Perfect timing. It's a good thing I decided to go find you guys.
An: Don't tell me, you've finished preparing for Kohane's birthday party already?
Miku (VBS): Not quite, but we're close. Let's hang around here for a bit before heading over.
Miku (VBS): By the way, MEIKO prepared a bunch of your favorite things, Kohane.
Kohane: Don't tell me she made peach buns and sesame balls!
Miku (VBS): That's right! She was frying up the sesame balls when I left. I bet the smell is wafting around her place by now.
Kohane: Wow! Now I really can't wait.
Toya: Isn't this lovely, Azusawa?
Kohane: Yes!
Miku (VBS): Also, this is doubling up as our third Job-Well-Done party, too.
Miku (VBS): So we've got lots of things that the rest of you would like, too.
Akito: Oh, sounds good.
Toya: Speaking of a job well done, Azusawa delivered such a remarkable performance at that event.
An: Yeah! She really stole the stage with her solo during the opening act!
Akito: Yeah. It was thanks to Kohane's performance the event went through the roof.
Akito: All that hard work paid off. Nice job.
Kohane: Hehehe!
Kohane: That performance was probably the toughest hurdle I've ever pushed myself to overcome, so I'm glad to hear that!
Kohane: Um... Miku, everyone...
Miku (VBS): What is it?
Kohane: Well... I'd like to thank you all properly.
Toya: Thank us?
Kohane: Yes. After all, I have all of you to thank for how far I've come.
Kohane: Before I met you guys, I never had any big dreams or aspirations.
Kohane: But now, I have a dream to share with all of you. I want to keep rehearsing and putting on events in pursuit of our goal to surpass RAD WEEKEND!
Kohane: Now I'm able to embrace each day as a major step towards our dream.
Kohane: So...
Kohane: Thank you all for giving me this newfound passion and bringing joy to my every day!
An: Kohane...
An: Thank you so much for being my singing partner and being part of our dream!
Toya: Akito and I also have you to thank for motivating us, so thank you, Azusawa.
Akito: Like I said before, your solo was incredible. That's when I knew you were capable of lifting all of us to greater heights.
Akito: We're more than capable of achieving even greater things. Let's do it—together!
Kohane: Yeah!
Miku (VBS): Hehe, good for you, Kohane.
Miku (VBS): Oh, now I really want to see your ability for myself. How about a song before heading to MEIKO's place?
An: Sounds great! As for the song... Kohane, you pick!
Toya: Yes, it is your birthday, after all.
Kohane: If that's the case, then I know just the song.
Kohane: DAYBREAK FRONTLINE!


2 [MUSIC] 253: DAYBREAK FRONTLINE

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023kohane_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
Miku (VBS): Nice work. I really felt your thoughts and feelings.
Kohane: Really? That's great!
Miku (VBS): Hey...since when did it get so crowded?
Toya: They must be here to celebrate Azusawa's birthday.
An: That must be it! Okay then!
An: Hey everyone! How about we wish Kohane a happy birthday together?
Miku (VBS): Sounds like they're all on board!
An: Awesome, on three everyone! One, two, three!
An: Happy birthday, Kohane!
Akito: Happy birthday! Happy birthday!
Toya: Happy birthday! Happy birthday!
Miku (VBS): Happy birthday! Happy birthday!
Kohane: Thank you! And thank you all for coming here to celebrate my birthday!
Kohane: I'll keep on singing with An and the others so that one day, we will achieve our dream of surpassing RAD WEEKEND!
Kohane: I hope you will continue to support us!
Akito: Alright, shall we head over to MEIKO's place?
Kohane: Yeah!
Kohane: We'll see you later, everyone! Bye!
