219 Immiscible Discord After Show (event_89)

1 [mc] mc_ev_night_12_1

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
Ena: So you and Mafuyu's mom decided to keep your meeting a secret from Mafuyu?
Kanade: Yes. I didn't want her to have more things to worry about.
Mizuki: That's understandable. She already has enough on her plate.
Ena: I guess so... But keeping this a secret from her bugs me a little bit.
Ena: So, what should we do? Mafuyu won't be able to join us as much for a while...
Kanade: I think... She can come and work with us when she decides to.
Kanade: It'll be difficult for her to work the same way we used to, but... I think Mafuyu needs N25.
Mizuki: Yeah. I think so too.
Mizuki: But, Mafuyu is going to have it rough from here onward...
Kanade: Yes...
Kanade: I thought that I just had to keep composing to save her, but... I realized that's not going to be enough.
Kanade: So I want to think of what other things I can do for her.
Kanade: Even if there isn't much...
Ena: Kanade...
(Enter: Mafuyu)
Mafuyu: You're all here.
Mizuki: Oh, Mafuyu!
Mafuyu: I don't recognize this place.
Mizuki: Yeah, we only just found it today. By the way, is it alright for you to be here?
Mafuyu: Yes. Though I can't stay for very long.
Mafuyu: I wanted to sing with all of you.
Kanade: Mafuyu...
Kanade: Okay. Then let's sing.
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: Hey.
(Exit: KAITO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Mizuki: Huh? KAITO?!
Ena: What's KAITO doing here in SEKAI?
KAITO: Why don't you ask the one who called me here?
KAITO: Anyway, if you're going to sing, I'll join you.
Ena: What?
KAITO: You got a problem with that?
Ena: A problem? You just appeared and said that out of the blue. Of course we'd be surprised!
Mafuyu: Why?
KAITO: Just because. This will leave you in a better state than before.
KAITO: Though, it won't fix the root of the problem.
Mafuyu: ...
Kanade: Thank you, KAITO.
Kanade: Mafuyu. Let's sing.
Kanade: After we sing together, I think we'll have a better understanding of your feelings, Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: Okay.
Kanade: Then, let's do it. Samsa.


2 [MUSIC] 300: Samsa

3 [mc] mc_ev_night_12_2

(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Ena)
Mafuyu: Thank you, everyone.
Mafuyu: I'm not sure how to describe it, but I feel a little better.
Ena: Really? That's good to hear.
Mizuki: I'm also feeling more focused. It's like, I realized that I've gotta do what I can right now.
Ena: Well, it's not like we plan to just sit and watch.
Kanade: That's right.
Kanade: Mafuyu, I... We're going to keep making music.
Kanade: So, whenever you feel up to it... Please come over.
Kanade: Whether it's making music or singing together like this, we all want you to be there too.
Mafuyu: Kanade...
Mafuyu: Thank you.
Mizuki: You'll sing with us again sometime too, right, KAITO?
KAITO: I'd rather you spend time fixing the root of the problem.
Mizuki: We know but, c'mon! You know it's not that easy of a problem to solve!
Mizuki: Anyway, we feel exactly the same as Kanade! You're the only one who can put words to our songs, Mafuyu!
Ena: Exactly. So if you truly want to keep making music... Don't give up. Fight for it.
Mafuyu: Okay.
Kanade: Well then, let's head back and get working. What about you, Mafuyu? Do you have time?
Mafuyu: If it's just for a little bit...
Mizuki: Woohoo! Let's head back right now! We've gotta make the most of our time.
Mizuki: See you later, KAITO. We'll be back sometime to come and hang out!
KAITO: Please don't.
Mizuki: Hey, what's with the cold shoulder? But either way, we will be back! See ya!
(Exit: Mizuki)
(Exit: Kanade)
(Exit: Ena)
Mafuyu: KAITO...
KAITO: What?
Mafuyu: Nothing...
(Exit: Mafuyu)
KAITO: This is going to be more complicated than I thought.
