221 In This Singing City After Show (event_90)

1 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_30_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
Kohane: Really?! You had a session with Shiho?
An: Yeah. Her bass playing was so clean... She was really cool!
Akito: Huh. Yeah, I remember she played at a really high level.
Toya: Definitely. We don't usually perform with actual instruments, so that must have been a refreshing experience.
An: Yeah, it really was! And then Kusanagi also came by, so we continued the session with the three of us!
Kohane: Wait, her too?! That sounds amazing, I wish I could have watched...
An: Hahaha. It all just kind of happened in the moment... Sorry, Kohane!
Miku (VBS): I kinda get a feel for how much fun it was just from how you talk about it. That's quite the story.
Miku (VBS): Can you tell me more about this Hinomori person?
An: Hmm, she's the quiet and aloof type. But when she plays, the sound is super intense.
An: It felt like she shared more with me through our performance together than she could through words.
Kohane: Hehe, that sounds like Shiho... It was like that the first time I talked to her, too.
An: Oh, really?
Kohane: Yeah. I hadn't really ever spoken to her before, but I realized that she had a lot to say when it came to music.
Kohane: We got closer after that. She's really kind, and helps me out a lot.
Miku (VBS): Hehe... I wanna hear her perform sometime, too.
Miku (VBS): Good for you, An, making a great new friend.
An: Yeah, absolutely!
An: Well, anyway... How about we get practicing?
Kohane: Right. I wanna sing!
An: Okay, let's start with a warm-up. Wanna join us, Miku?
Miku (VBS): Sure, I think I will.
Miku (VBS): Do you have a song decided?
An: Yeah! Let's all get hyped up, you guys! Forward!


2 [MUSIC] 55: Forward

3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_30_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Ichika: Whoa, a session with just bass and vocals?
Shiho: Yeah. It's not something I usually do, and Shiraishi's singing has some real power to it. It made for good inspiration.
Saki: Wow, awesome...! I wish I could've listened!
Honami: You were listening, right Miku? How was it?
Miku (Ln): How was it...? I guess I'd say it was interesting.
Saki: Interesting?
Miku (Ln): Yeah. Their energy just kept building as they kept performing, so it made for great listening. And...
Miku (Ln): I realized all over again how nice it is to perform alongside someone.
Shiho: Miku...
Shiho: I felt the same thing at the time.
Shiho: And when I play with all of you, too... I feel that I'm able to perform well because I'm with you.
Shiho: Well, there isn't much time left before the solo show, so let's get to practice.
Ichika: Right!
Honami: Right!
Saki: Alright, I'm going all out!
Shiho: But before we start, I guess we should get warmed up first. Wanna join us, Miku?
Miku (Ln): Nice, let's do it.
Shiho: Okay, here we go.


4 [MUSIC] 148: ray

5 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_30_3

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Miku (Ln): Everyone performed really well. And Shiho's playing was even more energetic than before.
Miku (Ln): You all felt that too, right?
Saki: Wow! Thanks, everyone! This means we put on the best performance ever♪
Ichika: Hehe. And... Shiho, you really were amazing.
Honami: That means we need to work harder too...!
Shiho: Thanks, everyone.
Shiho: And all of you, too. Thanks for listening.
Shiho: When I'm performing with everyone, I really can tell that my feelings are flowing into the music.
Saki: Yeah! I feel the exact same way!
Ichika: Me too! I want to keep running forward with all of you.
Honami: Let's all make our solo show a success.
Miku (Ln): You can do it. Keep working at it.
Shiho: Yeah...
Shiho: Okay, let's practice some more to make that happen.
Shiho: So that we can deliver the best performance possible.
Ichika: Yeah!
Saki: Yeah!
Honami: Yeah!
