224 Friendship Rebuilt After Show (event_92)

1 [mc] mc_ev_idol_13_1

(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: KAITO)
Airi: And then we decided to go out for lunch together sometime.
KAITO: Hehe. It sounds like you both had a great time.
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Luka)
Minori: Huh? Airi, Shizuku, you're here already?
Airi: Yeah. I had something to tell KAITO about before practice.
Luka: Oh, I see. What was it? It looked like you were having a really fun chat.
Airi: Well, it's about my friend Ayumi who I told you about the other day...
Shizuku: Hehe. Airi and I had lunch with her.
Haruka: You too, Shizuku? Not just Airi?
Shizuku: Yes. I decided I'd like for us to be friends after hearing Airi talk about her, so I joined them for their lunch.
Minori: Oh, wow! Hehe. That's great, you two.
Shizuku: Yes!
Luka: Hehe. I'm glad that you seem to be getting along well.
Haruka: Definitely. But you're pretty amazing, Airi.
Haruka: Part of me always felt like it would be tough to restore the relationships I lost because I'm an idol.
Minori: Haruka...
Airi: Yeah, you have a point... To be honest, I'm still somewhat afraid myself.
KAITO: You are?
Airi: Yes. I mean, we may have gone back to talking like we used to, but I'm still busy...
Airi: I do get scared that we might end up drifting apart like we did before.
Shizuku: Airi...
Airi: But now I know that things will be okay.
Luka: Oh? Why's that...?
Airi: It's true that we can't spend as much time together...
Airi: But now, we both know that we want to stay friends.
Airi: So I'm sure it'll be alright. Even if there are times when I start to doubt.
Haruka: Airi...
Airi: We're not going to talk to each other every day or go hang out all the time like when we first met...
Airi: But even so, I now believe that my friendship with Ayumi can continue in a new form.
KAITO: Talking with her about how you both felt must have given you that confidence.
Airi: Yes! And I have you to thank for telling me that there must still be a bond between us. Thank you so much.
KAITO: Haha. I only told you what I thought.
KAITO: Because... That would just be too sad. Having to give up precious friendships to remain an idol...
KAITO: Idols have a mission of spreading hope, and I don't want to believe they can only exist because of such sadness.
Airi: Oh...
Airi: You're right. You said it, KAITO.
Airi: I want to believe that being an idol is something fun and fulfilling... Something that glitters.
Airi: Hehe... Looks like you taught me another valuable lesson, KAITO.
KAITO: Haha. If I've been of help, then I couldn't be happier.
Airi: You've done so much, so rather than just putting it in words, I want to do something to thank you...
Airi: But what would be best...?
KAITO: Hmm... In that case, I'd like it if you sang a song.
Airi: A song?
KAITO: Yes! Seeing idols sing and dance... That's what I love the most!
Luka: Hehe. That sounds like you, KAITO.
Luka: Well then, would you mind if I joined in, Airi? After listening to you talk, I want to sing too♪
Airi: Really?! That would be lovely!
Shizuku: Airi, can we join as well?
Minori: I wanna sing with you!
Airi: Thank you! Alright everyone, here we go...
Airi: The peachy key.
(Exit: KAITO)


2 [MUSIC] 308: The peachy key

3 [mc] mc_ev_idol_13_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: Wow! That was fantastic, everyone!
KAITO: I could feel Airi's kindness and everyone's determination to take the next step forward.
Haruka: I also felt my resolve become more firm.
Airi: Yes, absolutely. It felt like we had a shared feeling and direction as we unlocked a new door.
Shizuku: Let's keep moving forward together.
Minori: Right!
Haruka: Right!
Airi: Right!
Minori: And Luka, thanks for singing with us! It was really reassuring to have you!
Luka: I should be thanking you. I had so much fun singing with you all♪
Airi: Oh, and...
Airi: Thank you all for listening!
Airi: Things are going to be changing a lot for us from here on out.
Airi: That's a really wonderful thing, but we may also end up struggling or showing weakness like I did this time.
Airi: But we're going to put everything we have toward our goal of performing at the Dome.
Airi: So... We'd be really happy to have your continued support.
Airi: Alright everyone, see you next time!
