227 Saki's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023saki_1

(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Saki)
Saki: Uh...is this really the right classroom?
Miku: It must be. All the answers to Ichika's riddles point to this room.
Luka: So far we've got "a room resonating with music", "where four stars hide", and lastly, "cherry blossoms"...
Saki: Okay, we've performed in so many places, but the four stars clue means it can't be the rooftop....
Saki: But as for "a room resonating with music" and "cherry blossoms", this is where we drew our own cherry blossom tree on the chalkboard for our picnic with everyone.
Miku: Hm? There's more. Have those star stickers always been there?
Miku: Look, a yellow star... Probably made from card. There's an "N" written here.
Luka: ...Hehe, I get it now. Saki, Miku, I think it's time for a star hunt!
Saki: Hidden stars...oh I get it now! So this is also what "where four stars hide" was referring to!
Miku: I see. That means there should only be three more to go.
Saki: Ah! I found some! I've got an "N" and "ER"!
Luka: Me too, I found "WI". Including Miku's star, that's all four.
Miku: Hm, so "WI", two "N"s and an "ER"...
Saki: WINNER!
Miku: WINNER!
Saki: W-Whoa! W-What's going on?!
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Shiho)
Ichika: Everybody ready? Three, two, one!
Ichika: Happy birthday, Saki! Saki! Happy birthday!
Honami: Happy birthday, Saki! Saki! Happy birthday!
Miku: Happy birthday, Saki! Saki! Happy birthday!
Luka: Happy birthday, Saki! Saki! Happy birthday!
Shiho: Happy birthday, Saki! Saki! Happy birthday!
Saki: Y-You guys! Hahaha, what a jump scare!
Saki: Thanks for doing all this for me♪ That riddle sure was fun!
Honami: Glad to hear it. We were worried that you wouldn't understand the clues.
Shiho: I thought she would be fine since we sent Miku and Luka with her.
Saki: Hey, I solved them all fair and square...with a little help from Luka's hints.
Miku: Oh, look Saki. So many people came to celebrate your birthday.
Saki: You're right! Thanks for coming today, everyone♪
Saki: Eep, this is amazing! I can't believe you'd all do this just for me!
Saki: Hey, I want to show my gratitude to everyone for being here. Can we perform a song for them?
Ichika: If that's what you want to do, then of course!
Saki: Woohoo! Let's do the one we've been practicing recently!
Saki: Hey everyone! Are you all excited and ready for this?
Saki: Hehe, okay! Let's go! Hello, Worker!
(Exit: Miku)


2 [MUSIC] 286: Hello, Worker

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023saki_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Miku)
Saki: Thank you for listening, everyone!
Miku: That was incredible. Each and every one of you were in perfect harmony. I'm sure your feelings resonated with the audience.
Saki: You really think so?!
Saki: You know, for the longest time, I've been thinking a lot about what it is that I can do.
Saki: I found my head in a muddle over whether or not I should be satisfied with my standards.
Saki: But deep down, I realized that it's when I put in the effort daily that I'm at my happiest and having the most fun!
Ichika: Saki...
Luka: I know that you girls are more than capable of making every day a fun and enjoyable one.
Miku: And you can count on us being there for you.
Saki: Got it!
Saki: Thank you so much for being here, everyone!
Saki: I promise to do my best to fill each and every single day with joy!
Saki: Especially as a band! I want our songs to be heard by even more people!
Shiho: That's why I was going to suggest rehearsing, but I guess today is an exception.
Saki: *Gasp* Shiho! You're being nice! Does that mean you'll make us do twice as much work tomorrow?!
Honami: Saki, keep saying stuff like that and you'll lose your reward for winning the riddle game.
Saki: What! Hold on a second, I get a reward?!
Shiho: We had a birthday party all planned out but...now I'm not sure you deserve it.
Shiho: Maybe we should all go and leave Saki behind.
Saki: W-W-Wait, Shiho! You know how much I love you, right? Pretty please, don't leave me behind! Shihooo!
Ichika: Hehe.
Honami: Hehe.
