229 Tsukasa's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023tsukasa_1

(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Hi everyone! Are you all here to celebrate Tsukasa's birthday by any chance?
Miku: I knew it! I bet when Tsukasa finds out just how many people are here today, he'll be blown away♪
Miku: Oh, that's right! KAITO's fetching Tsukasa and the others as we speak♪
Miku: When Tsukasa gets here, let's all shout "happy birthday" together! I'm sure it'll be a wonderful surprise for him!
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku: Ah! He's here!
Tsukasa: Oh, Miku! Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Miku: Hehehe, that's okay☆ We were just having a little private chat♪
Tsukasa: A private chat?
Miku: Everybody, on three! One, two, three♪
Miku: Happy birthday, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Whoa! I-I didn't expect this many people to come!
Emu: Ohhh! So that's what you meant by a private chat!
Rui: Hehe, seems like it. Isn't this wonderful, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Indeed! Thank you all so much for coming!
Nene: If there was going to be this many people here, we should've probably prepared a show for them.
KAITO: Yes...but unfortunately, we didn't plan anything—
Rui: Hm? That doesn't mean we can't give them a show.
Emu: Huh?!
KAITO: Huh?!
Nene: Huh?!
Rui: We've got the stage, performers and the audience. Surely we have everything we need?
Tsukasa: Hmph! He's right!
Miku: Yaaay! You're really going to perform for us?
Tsukasa: Of course! Our fans are always giving me the strength to perform. I want to repay them for their unwavering support!
Tsukasa: I'd like to express my gratitude in the form of a show! Would you all care to join me?
KAITO: Hehe, I couldn't possibly turn down an offer from the birthday star.
Emu: Yeah♪ We got this, right Nene☆
Nene: Fine. Alright, I'm in.
Tsukasa: Splendid! Let's do this! Are you all ready?
Tsukasa: Alright!
Tsukasa: Put your hands together for Tsukasa Tenma's Birthday Tribute to Fans! Let's begin!
(Exit: Miku)


2 [MUSIC] 127: Tondemo-Wonderz

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023tsukasa_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: KAITO)
Tsukasa: So, how was that, everyone? Did you enjoy yourselves?
Miku: Yeah! It was sooo much fun♪
Tsukasa: Really?
Tsukasa: And what about you guys? Did you all have fun?
KAITO: Huh? You mean us?
Tsukasa: Yes. I want to show my gratitude to everybody here, including all of you. This show wouldn't truly be a success if you didn't have fun.
KAITO: Tsukasa... Yes, I had so much fun.
Emu: Me too! I'm feeling sooo wonderhoy! Now I can't stop smiling!
Nene: Same here.
Rui: Me too.
Tsukasa: Splendid! That means our show was a huge success!
Tsukasa: Thank you all very much for coming! I'm so grateful for you all being here to celebrate!
Tsukasa: The road to stardom is both arduous and long. I thought I knew what I was in for, but reality proved me otherwise.
Tsukasa: However, I'm not one to throw in the towel so easily!
Tsukasa: For I am not alone. I've been blessed with a supportive network—my family, my friends...
Tsukasa: Not to mention everyone who has given me their support!
Tsukasa: No matter what pitfall I encounter, I promise to rise from it!
Tsukasa: So I hope you'll accompany me along my journey and continue showing your support!
Emu: I want to see you shine like a big star someday, so please reach out to me if you ever need help!
Nene: Well, putting on shows is something we do as a team.
Rui: I'll keep polishing my skills and bettering my knowledge so that someday, you can become a real star, and actually shoot through the night sky.
Tsukasa: Hey! Don't go thinking you can slip in a nonsensical comment like that!
Miku: Wow! I can't wait to see the big star☆
KAITO: Hehe, me too.
KAITO: Alright, I think it's about time we head off to the birthday party. MEIKO and the others are probably eagerly anticipating your arrival.
Tsukasa: Of course!
Tsukasa: Well then, until next time, everyone!
(Exit: Emu)
(Exit: Miku)
(Exit: Tsukasa)
(Exit: Nene)
(Exit: Rui)
(Exit: KAITO)
