231 The Song of a Canary in Crisis After Show (event_95)

1 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_13_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Emu: The after-party with the Phoenix Stage cast was so fun!
Nene: It was. I'm so full from eating all of that food.
Tsukasa: A meal after a performance really does taste more delicious!
Rui: I can understand that. I'm sure our fatigued bodies were craving the replenishment.
Emu: You think so?! I also ate a whole lot!
Emu: Oh, speaking of eating! Our usual diner came out with another seasonal parfait!
Emu: Wanna go tomorrow? We haven't had a chance lately since we've been so busy with practice!
Nene: We just ate and you're already thinking about tomorrow's meal? I don't know if my stomach can handle it...
(Enter: KAITO)
KAITO: Hi everyone.
Emu: Oh, KAITO!
KAITO: I guess the show is all over, right? Judging from the looks on your faces, I take that it was a big success?
Tsukasa: Ah, yes! I daresay we have surpassed mere success and made it into a bona fide sensation!
Emu: Yup yup! The audience was so smiley smiley, I couldn't help but smile too♪
KAITO: Haha, that's good to hear.
KAITO: I heard you were working really hard for this show, Nene. Did you manage to get the results you wanted?
Nene: I did. Thank you for your support, KAITO.
Nene: The video you all sent helped me push through the hours of intense rehearsal.
Nene: Thanks to that I was able to put on a performance I was happy with.
Rui: You truly were amazing, Nene.
Nene: Getting praise for it is kind of embarrassing though.
Nene: I was a little nervous waiting in the wings, but once I got on stage, I strangely felt so calm.
Nene: And... It felt like the best performance I've ever given.
Nene: Actually... I would like to express these feelings with a song.
Emu: Oooh! Sounds good! Why don't we all sing together!
KAITO: In that case, may I join you?
Nene: Of course. Please join us. Alright, here we go.
Nene: Coral.


2 [MUSIC] 324: Coral

3 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_13_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: KAITO)
Nene: *Exhale* I feel like I can sing much more freely now.
KAITO: I think so too. Also, I really felt your emotions through the way you sang, Nene.
Tsukasa: I did as well. Your perseverance and desire to make the Cowardly Canary your own was loud and clear!
Nene: Probably because I worked on my singing harder than I ever did before.
Nene: I felt really down when I was told that my singing "simply won't do..."
Nene: But now, I'm glad that the director pointed it out. Thanks to that comment, I was able to realize my habits and work on them.
Nene: I was also able to improve a lot and now my passion for singing is even stronger.
Emu: Nene...
KAITO: The show must've been absolutely wonderful.
KAITO: I would've loved to hear you sing, Nene. Miku and the others were saying how much they would've liked to see the show too.
Rui: We're sorry that we couldn't make that happen. There was a lot of staff this time and there weren't any places to set up our phones.
Emu: We really wanted to show you guys even just a little bit, but it was kinda hard...
Tsukasa: Well, seeing the show might not have been possible, but we can always perform the songs, can't we?
Tsukasa: If you're alright with that, then we are ready anytime!
Nene: That's true. When an occasion comes around, we can perform them for all of you.
KAITO: I see...
KAITO: In that case, I think that occasion is right around the corner.
Nene: Huh? What do you mean?
KAITO: The reason I reached out to you today is because I have something to tell you.
KAITO: I wanted to invite you to a party we'll be holding to celebrate your show.
Nene: What? So that's...
Rui: That's right, you did mention that in the video we made for Nene.
Nene: I didn't realize you were actually planning on doing it...
Emu: Oh, oh! Then we can perform the songs for Miku and the others there!
KAITO: Yes, I'd like that very much. But...
KAITO: We're still in the middle of preparing, so I hope you look forward to it.
Rui: Hehe. That sounds like there's also something else in store for us.
Emu: I can't wait! I'll bring some snacks!
Nene: Me too. I'll get ones Miku and the others are sure to like.
Nene: And... Thank you, KAITO, for inviting us to such a lovely occasion.
KAITO: There's no need to thank me for that.
KAITO: All of us are very much looking forward to hearing you sing.
Tsukasa: Alright! Then we shall deliver a most stunning performance for you all!
Nene: In that case, I'd like to rehearse a little. I know it might feel a little weird since the anniversary show is already over...
Rui: Actually, my mind's still caught up in the show, so I'm grateful for another chance to perform the songs.
Emu: Yay! Rehearsal time with everybody!
Emu: Oh, but we don't want KAITO to hear the songs yet, so I guess we should practice somewhere else.
Nene: Sounds good. Let's head back and practice at the Wonder Stage. It has been a while.
Rui: Yes, let's. Okay, KAITO, we'll see you again at the party.
KAITO: Yes. We'll be waiting here in SEKAI.
Nene: Thank you for coming everyone.
Nene: Please come to watch our show again sometime. Anyway... See you.
Emu: See you later!
