236 Rui's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023rui_1

(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku)
Rui: Welcome, everyone! Thank you all for joining us today.
Nene: Rui, you seem awfully excited today for some reason.
Tsukasa: Well, of course. It is his bir—
Miku: Don't tell me! You thought of another incredible stunt for us to do on stage?!
Emu: Really?!
Emu: Oooh! How are you gonna make Tsukasa go flying this time? Will it be like, "Pyooooowwww-Woooooooooosh-Explode!"?
Tsukasa: You're not turning me into a firecracker!
Rui: Hehehe, sorry for getting your hopes up, but alas, it is not that.
Rui: I was actually remembering the birthday well-wishes I received from my juniors at school.
Miku: Your juniors?
Tsukasa: Ah, you mean Toya and them! You did mention that at practice.
Rui: Though, I haven't really done anything remotely mentor-like for them.
Tsukasa: That's not true! You taste-tested Toya's handmade cupcakes for him, didn't you?
Tsukasa: Because of your help, he was finally able to make something he was satisfied with. He was so happy about that.
Nene: You also helped Shiraishi and Akiyama by directing the cheer squad for the Sports Festival.
Emu: Rui's a helping superhero☆
Miku: Ooooh☆ Rui's amazing!
Rui: No, they're the truly amazing ones.
Rui: Even if it was out of necessity, they took up all of my suggestions wholeheartedly.
Tsukasa: Well, your directing style is pretty intense...
Tsukasa: However! If you take a clear look, it's obvious that there's no one who works harder to bring smiles to an audience than you!
Emu: You help the rest of us want to work really hard to make sure we pull it all off♪
Nene: That's right. It's because you're such a show maniac, Rui.
Rui: Hehehe, I take that as an extraordinary compliment.
Rui: But a spectacular show cannot be made by one person alone. That fact became all the more clear to me thanks to them.
Tsukasa: I agree.
Rui: Now, I have something to ask of you all.
Rui: Would you put on a show with me?
Tsukasa: Of course! I was just about to suggest the idea myself.
Emu: Yeah! Let's put on a show that's totally wo-wo-wo-wo-wonderhoy!
Miku: Wo-wo-woof♪
Nene: Miku?! That's a dog...
Rui: Hehehe.
Rui: Now, everyone!
Rui: We hope you will enjoy this Wonderlands×Showtime special performance.
Rui: Please sit back, and prepare to be amazed.
Rui: And now, The World Hasn't Even Started Yet!


2 [MUSIC] 51: The World Hasn't Even Started Yet

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023rui_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Miku)
Rui: How did you enjoy our performance, everyone?
Miku: Oooh☆ It seems like they loved it♪
Rui: That means more than anything.
Rui: Well, although we hate to say goodbye, it's about time for—
Emu: Wait, Rui!
Nene: We haven't wished you a happy birthday yet.
Tsukasa: Is everyone ready? Let's give a big cheer for Rui!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Rui!
Emu: Happy birthday!
Nene: Happy birthday!
Miku: Happy birthday!
Rui: Thank you.
Rui: And thank you as well.
Rui: Getting to put on a show and receive well-wishes from everyone made me so happy.
Rui: Being given such precious things...truly fills me with joy.
Miku: Hehehe☆ Hurray! Rui's happy♪
Rui: Now, this time is really farewell.
Rui: We'll have a spectacular show awaiting you the next time we meet.
Tsukasa: Come see us again whenever you like!
Emu: Bye bye☆
