237 An Unmissable Spirited Affair After Show (event_99)

1 [MUSIC] 281: Kimagure Mercy

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_33_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
Shizuku: Thank you! Hehe, I feel like I'm in peak form today.
Airi: Me too! I was expecting to have to work extra hard since we missed practice during the school trip.
Airi: But as it turns out, that was just the break we needed!
Miku (MMJ): I'm happy for you two! And thank you for the souvenirs!
Minori: The mutsuhashi were sooo good!
Shizuku: Hehe, you're very welcome.
Haruka: I'm still surprised you ended up going around with students from Kamiyama High. What a coincidence.
Shizuku: Yes, we were surprised too... But thanks to that, we all had a wonderful day.
Airi: You even joined that Hyakki Yako Parade!
Minori: Aww, I wish I could have seen Shizuku as a yuki-onna.
Haruka: Hehe, me too. It's a shame you didn't film her, Airi.
Airi: Hey! We weren't exactly in any position to be taking videos!
Miku (MMJ): But... I really do wish I could have seen it♪
Airi: Miku, you too?!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'll be sure to bring that haori over next time. Oh, but I don't think I can make it snow...
Miku (MMJ): Then, why don't we use some stage snow? We can create a pretty flurry for you!
Minori: Oh, I can't wait to see that! It's gonna be so beautiful!
Shizuku: Yes... Snow falling across a whole stage... That would be beautiful.
Shizuku: I'm sure that's what Kamishiro had in mind when he made that device.
Shizuku: Perhaps he's putting on a show with Tsukasa right now...


3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_33_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Len)
Tsukasa: That was an upset for the books...
Rui: Indeed it was...
Rui: The grapefruit-flavored mutsuhashi gummies were actually good...
Nene: Hmm, maybe don't buy people gifts you think might be gross?
Len: But they really were so good!
Emu: Yeah! I could totally eat another box♪
Rui: Hehe, I'm glad they went over so well. I have to thank Hinomori for the idea.
Len: Hinomori? Oh, Tsukasa's friend you told us about!
Len: I can't believe you ran into one of Tsukasa's friends in Kyoto!
Nene: The odds must have been astronomical.
Emu: Aww! I wish me and Airi coulda had a wonderhoy time in Kyoto!
Emu: AND! With Asahina too!!!
Nene: Emu seems so serious suddenly...
Tsukasa: Anyway, I'm glad we met Shizuku and the others! We had such fun together!
Rui: That's right. And we learned about Tsukasa's past♪
Emu: Tsukasa's past?! Whatwhatwhat? I wanna knooow!
Len: Me too! Me too!
Tsukasa: Now now, we're here to practice! Let's save that for another time!
Rui: You're right. Then, to get us in the spirit, why don't we warm up with a song?
Tsukasa: Yes!
Rui: Now, let's begin!
Rui: Ego rock!


4 [MUSIC] 225: Ego rock

5 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_33_3

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Len)
Rui: Hehe. I'm feeling quite good.
Rui: As if I've gotten a lot of emotions off my chest.
Len: Hmm... Rui, you seem a little different today.
Rui: Oh? What do you mean by that?
Len: I'm not sure... You always look like you're enjoying yourself during shows, but...
Len: You look like you're having even more fun now!
Rui: Hehe. Observant as ever, Len.
Len: Me? Really?
Rui: Yes. As it turns out, I realized on the trip that I can connect with many more people.
Len: Connect with more people?
Nene: What do you mean?
Rui: Heh... It's a long story, so let me tell you after practice.
Emu: Whaaat? But I wanna hear now!
Rui: All in good time. Sometimes waiting for a reward makes it all the sweeter.
Nene: If you say so... Well, you seem happy, so whatever.
Emu: Yeah! Buuut, you gotta tell us later!
Rui: Yes, I promise I will.
Rui: Now then, let's get started with practice.
Rui: So we can continue delivering smiles that bring people together.
Tsukasa: Yes! Yeah!
Emu: Yes! Yeah!
Nene: Yes! Yeah!
Len: Yes! Yeah!
