239 Star Festival Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_tanabata_2023_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku)
An: Thanks for coming on such short notice, you guys!
Toya: That's alright. Don't worry about it.
Akito: Anyway, there's something you need to tell us?
An: Well, today's the Star Festival, right?
An: I wanted to go above and beyond with the decorations for the cafe, so instead of using the ones we usually do, I dug up ones from a long time ago.
An: And that's when I came across some of Aunt Nagi's wish strips!
Miku: Huh? Nagi's wish strips?
An: Yeah! After reading them again, I realized that they were really interesting.
An: There were cool ones like, "I wanna be number one in the world!" and even some childlike ones like, "I wanna eat so much watermelon I end up hating it!"
Kohane: Hehe. Based on the stories from you and your dad, that sounds exactly like her.
An: Right? They really took me back.
An: When I think about her watching over us from up above, it makes me want to sing loud enough to reach the sky.
Akito: Is that why you called us over?
An: That's exactly right! Will you guys join me?
Toya: Of course.
Miku: Let's sing and make our song reach the sky.
An: Thank you!
An: You guys are also welcome to join in the fun too! Here we go!
An: DAYBREAK FRONTLINE!


2 [MUSIC] 253: DAYBREAK FRONTLINE

3 [mc] mc_tanabata_2023_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku)
An: Thanks for all the positive energy, everyone!
Kohane: I hope Nagi heard us...
Toya: I hope so too.
An: Thank you for singing with me, you guys!
Miku: It was our pleasure.
Akito: By the way, don't you have decorations to put up?
An: *Gasp*  Shoot! I better get back!
Akito: Geez... Alright, we'll help you out.
Kohane: Yeah!
Toya: Yes!


4 [mc] mc_tanabata_2023_3

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Welcome, everyone! You're just in time! Miku and the others will be performing the song I requested!
Miku: Feel free to stick around and listen♪
Luka: Alright, here we go.
Miku: Time Machine!
Rin: Time Machine!
Len: Time Machine!
Luka: Time Machine!
MEIKO: Time Machine!
KAITO: Time Machine!
(Exit: Rin)


5 [MUSIC] 8: Time Machine

6 [mc] mc_tanabata_2023_4

(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Wow... It's such a wonderful song, I could never get sick of hearing it. Thank you for performing it, you guys!
KAITO: You're welcome.
MEIKO: I was a little surprised when you requested this song, Rin.
Len: Oh yeah, wasn't it because you heard it in some SEKAI?
Rin: Yeah! I felt a wave of strong emotion for a special person and the desire for that song to reach them.
Rin: And then... There was this feeling of sadness, heartache and warmth, which made me want to listen to that kind of song.
KAITO: But, Rin. Are you okay with not singing it yourself?
MEIKO: Oh, I asked the same thing. Then she got all teary-eyed and said that she couldn't do it–
Rin: Ahhh! MEIKO!!! Shh, shh!
Miku: So that's why you didn't perform with us...
Luka: Those emotions you felt from that song you heard from that SEKAI must've been so strong for you to be this affected.
Rin: It was. The song you sang was amazing, of course, but that song was also unforgettable.
Rin: The feelings were loud and clear. They were practically screaming "I'm pushing on! Watch me!"
Rin: I could tell that the people of that SEKAI are so determined and working unbelievably hard.
Miku: And since today's the Star Festival, I'm sure those feelings are stronger than ever.
Luka: Let's keep watching over them to see how those feelings will develop.
Rin: Yeah!
KAITO: I'm glad that everyone here seems to have enjoyed the show, despite it being so last minute.
Luka: Me too. I think we're all glad that we did this.
Miku: Thanks for coming to see us in SEKAI again, everyone!
MEIKO: Since it's the Star Festival today, I hope you have a wonderful time gazing up at the stars while thinking of your loved ones!
Len: See you next time!
