241 Nene's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023nene_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Nene, Nene, look! We've got a huuuge audience♪
Nene: R-Really?
Emu: Yeah! Come see!
Nene: Oh...
Nene: Um... Thanks for coming to my special birthday show, everyone.
Tsukasa: Ahh, and to think we've drawn such a lovely crowd! Isn't it wonderful, Nene?
Rui: How would you like to take this time before the show to tell our audience about your hopes for the next year of your life?
Nene: Huh?!
Nene: H-Hang on... We didn't rehearse that...
Rui: What's that? I couldn't hear you over the sound of the crowd cheering.
Nene: Rui...
Tsukasa: If you need to gather your thoughts, Nene, I'd be happy to vamp for time with a jocular presentation.
Rin: What's "jock-cue-lur" mean?
Emu: It means it'll be so funny it makes you laugh with your whole belly♪
Rui: By the way, will this "jocular presentation" be anything like the bit you taught Emu about "Take out" versus "Takeoff"?
Tsukasa: Impressive, it's precisely like that! I've prepared some new material. I'd be happy to debut it for all the lovely people here!
Nene: Ugh... That seems like it could get really awkward really easily.
Tsukasa: I'll admit, there is a chance I'll do so well that you'll find it hard to talk over the laughs.
Nene: Seriously, where is this confidence coming from?
Nene: Well... I appreciate the offer, but let's skip the jocular presentation for today.
Tsukasa: Well, I suppose I'll keep it in my back pocket for the next time an opportunity arises.
Emu: Now let's hear Nene's hopes and dreams♪
Rin: Yaaay♪ Gooo Nene!
Nene: Um... A little while ago, when we were part of the Phoenix Stage's special anniversary show...
Nene: I woke up to the fact that even with all the practice and effort I've put in to get to this point, I still have a long way to go.
Nene: Ever since then, the way I approach and think about rehearsal has changed.
Nene: I feel like I want to work even harder to become the best performer I can be.
Nene: And with that feeling, I plan to put my all into the performance we have for you today. I hope you'll watch.
Tsukasa: That was absolutely inspired, Nene!
Rin: Yeah☆
Emu: Nene's so cooool♪
Nene: C-Come on, you guys. Isn't it about time we get the show started?
Rui: Hehe. Well then, shall we?
Nene: Yeah. We hope you enjoy.
Nene: 1,2, FanClub!


2 [MUSIC] 174: 1,2, FanClub

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023nene_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Rin)
Nene: Thank you for watching, everyone!
Nene: I hope my determination came through in the performance, even if just a little bit.
Tsukasa: For the grand finale, let's all give a big cheer for Nene! Is everyone ready?
Tsukasa: Now, here we go! One, two...!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Nene!
Emu: Happy birthday, Nene!
Rui: Happy birthday, Nene!
Rin: Happy birthday, Nene!
Nene: Thanks, guys.
Nene: And thanks for coming, everyone!
Nene: I'll keep working hard to become the best performer I can be.
Nene: I hope you'll all come and see us perform again.
Nene: So, see you next time!
Rin: Bye bye!
Emu: Bye bye!
