243 An's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023an_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
An: Ahh, the food MEIKO and everyone made was so good!
Kohane: Hehe. Even though there's another celebration when we get back, my stomach's already full.
An: For real though! I thought that I should try to eat in moderation, but it was all just too delicious.
Miku: Really? It seemed like you were shoveling it down from the get-go.
Rin: And you asked for a bigger slice of cake than everyone else!
An: Cake gets a pass. There's always room for dessert.
Kohane: Hehe.
An: Hm... But we do have plans to eat later, so I guess we'll have to work up an appetite before then.
Rin: In that case, how about we work up a sweat singing a song?!
Miku: Sounds like a good idea. There's a crowd here to listen too.
Miku: You're all here to celebrate An's birthday, aren't you?
An: Whoa! There's so many people! Thanks for coming, everybody!
An: For this big of an audience, I wanna sing with all I've got, not just to work up an appetite.
An: Will you guys join us?
Kohane: Of course!
An: Thanks!
An: Okay! We're gonna sing something for all of you!
An: It's a pretty fun song, so I hope you all enjoy yourselves!
An: Okay, here we go. PaⅢ.SENSATION.


2 [MUSIC] 195: PaⅢ.SENSATION

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023an_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
An: Thanks for getting so into it, everyone! It was awesome singing to a room with so much energy!
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
Akito: I thought I heard singing... We didn't know you were here.
An: Yeah. Everyone's here to celebrate my birthday!
Toya: Oh, really? Did we miss the chance to congratulate you?
Rin: Ah, no, we haven't done that yet!
Rin: Since you're all here, I'm sure you wanna wish An a happy birthday, right?!
Miku: Sounds like a yes to me.
Kohane: We will too!
Toya: Yes.
Akito: Sure, I guess.
Rin: Okay then! Everyone on three! One, two, three...!
Kohane: Happy birthday, An! Happy birthday, Shiraishi!
Akito: Happy birthday, An! Happy birthday, Shiraishi!
Toya: Happy birthday, An! Happy birthday, Shiraishi!
Miku: Happy birthday, An! Happy birthday, Shiraishi!
Rin: Happy birthday, An! Happy birthday, Shiraishi!
An: Hehe, thanks!
An: And thanks to all of you too!
An: …
Kohane: An?
Akito: Something wrong?
An: I'm not sure why, but... I was just remembering that event we did together.
An: How it felt to stand on the stage and become one with the audience... Making that incredible atmosphere with our music...
An: Putting on shows with friends really is the best!
Rin: An...
Miku: We'll have to keep working hard to make incredible moments like that again.
An: Yeah. That's the plan.
Kohane: Don't worry. I know we can do it if we work together.
Akito: No matter how hard it seems, all we can do is make it happen.
Toya: That's right. For the sake of our dream, above all else.
An: Yeah!
An: Thank you so much for coming to celebrate my birthday, everyone!
An: I know it will be difficult, but we're going to surpass that night no matter what!
An: So I hope you'll keep cheering us on!
An: Hehe. Come see us sing again sometime!
Rin: Bye bye!
