246 Ichika's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023ichika_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
Saki: Oh, there she is! Ichi!
(Enter: Honami)
Miku (Ln): So this is where you've been.
Honami: Sorry for the wait. The birthday party preparations are almost complete.
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Ichika: Okay, thanks.
Shiho: Even though it's your party, we kind of left you waiting, huh?
Ichika: It's fine! I've been wanting to do some stargazing anyway.
Ichika: The stars here... I find myself wanting to look at them a lot. Especially when I'm trying to make a big decision.
Miku (Ln): A big decision? So right now, you're...
Ichika: Yeah.
Ichika: We just signed with a label and now we're going to be a professional band.
Ichika: I know our debut and the time when our music will reach lots of people is still ahead of us...
Ichika: But, I was wondering if this all means we'll get to experience new places...and if I'll become a new version of myself.
Ichika: Or, rather, that's what I was hoping for while staring up at the stars.
Shiho: I'm sure we'll get to play at venues we never got to before.
Honami: Yes. I'd love if we could build up more experiences like that over time and grow into even better versions of ourselves.
Saki: Oh! That's another way to look at finding a new self!
Saki: Hehehe, that sounds pretty cool!
Miku (Ln): Yeah, it does.
Miku (Ln): Hey, do you feel like playing a little something?
Ichika: Hm? Right now?
Miku (Ln): Yes. I want to experience what you're all feeling right now.
Miku (Ln): So we can keep walking side by side into this new future together.
Ichika: Miku...
Saki: I'm in! Let's do it, you guys!
Shiho: I don't mind playing, but what song should we do?
Honami: Oh, what about that song? The first song we ever made together...
Ichika: Hehe, I was just thinking it has to be that one.
Ichika: Well, here goes...
Ichika: needLe!


2 [MUSIC] 63: needLe

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023ichika_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
Honami: Ahh, that felt like a great performance!
Miku (Ln): Yeah. I could feel your emotions coming through every note and lyric.
Miku (Ln): I got really fired up playing with all of you.
Ichika: Really? I'm so glad...
Miku (Ln): Oh, check it out. It looks like everyone came to join us!
Saki: Whoa, they did! Hey you guys♪
Honami: I wonder if they're here to celebrate Ichika's birthday!
Shiho: Does that sound right to you guys?
Saki: Then let's all wish Ichi a big happy birthday together!
Saki: Okay, here we go! One, two...!
Saki: Happy birthday, Ichi! Happy birthday, Ichika!
Honami: Happy birthday, Ichi! Happy birthday, Ichika!
Shiho: Happy birthday, Ichi! Happy birthday, Ichika!
Miku (Ln): Happy birthday, Ichi! Happy birthday, Ichika!
Ichika: Thanks, you guys!
Ichika: And thank you, everyone!
Ichika: You might know already, but Leo/need is going pro.
Ichika: But our desire to make music that touches people's hearts will always stay the same.
Ichika: So we'd love for you to stick with us as we head into the future.
Ichika: Thank you so much for celebrating with me today! I hope you'll come see us play again!
Saki: Bye bye!
