249 Mizuki's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023mizuki_1

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Luka)
Mizuki: Yup, they're perfect! You two look so good in those!
Mizuki: You HAVE to let me get pictures later!
Kanade: Well, as long as you don't show anyone...
Mizuki: Woohoo!
Luka: Hehe. That's great, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Yeah! I can't believe everyone just went along with my idea. This rules♪ I'm so glad I suggested a pajama party.
Ena: *Sigh* How about some actual thanks for everyone going along with it?
Mizuki: You can act mad, but I saw your face when I said we should take pictures. You know you want to!
Ena: Wha—?!
Ena: Well, it is rare for us to do something like this, and you can never have too many photos to remember a special day by.
Kanade: Hehe...
Luka: Oh, Mafuyu, are you wondering about Miku and the others?
Mafuyu: They said they were going to change into their pajamas, but they're still not back yet.
Mizuki: Hmm. Maybe they're having trouble getting them on? The buttons are star-shaped, and there are ribbons all over them.
Luka: That may be, but Rin's with them, so she should be able to help.
Luka: Anyway, Mizuki, is there anything else you'd like to do to celebrate?
Mizuki: Anything else?
Luka: We're going to have snacks and cake after this, but will you be happy with just that?
Kanade: Now that you bring it up, other than the change in clothes, this isn't so different from what we normally do for people's birthdays.
Mizuki: Hahaha. Maybe it doesn't seem like a big deal...
Mizuki: But everyone's gathered together for my sake and going along with what I want to do.
Mizuki: Getting to have a birthday like this is really incredible.
Kanade: Well, if you're happy with it, then that's great.
Ena: But as far as celebrations go, it's a little on the plain side.
Mizuki: I guess you're right...
Mizuki: Well, we don't have much to do till Miku and them get back. Wanna sing something?
Ena: Huh? Sing?
Luka: Oh, that sounds like a great idea. With these pajamas on, I feel like I'm about to fall asleep otherwise.
Kanade: If you want to sing, then that's what we'll do, Mizuki. We want you to have as much fun as possible today.
Mizuki: Thanks! Then I guess we're doing this.
Mizuki: Ready, everyone?
Mizuki: Kimi no Yoru Wo Kure.


2 [MUSIC] 237: Kimi no Yoru Wo Kure

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023mizuki_2

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Luka)
Mizuki: Ahh, it really does feel good to sing. Something about it's so...soothing.
Luka: I'm happy to hear that.
Luka: It looks like everyone out here enjoyed our song too.
Kanade: Huh?
Ena: What? When did they get here?
Mizuki: Oh come on, you guys. You should've said you were here sooner!
Mizuki: Ooh, does this mean... You're all here to celebrate my birthday? Just kidding♪
Mafuyu: I think they did.
Mizuki: Huh? Really? I figured they wouldn't have come all this way just for me...
Ena: Well, this is great, isn't it? Why don't we all wish Mizuki a happy birthday together now?
Mizuki: Wait, but Miku and the others...
Ena: We're not starting the party, of course. Just wishing you a happy birthday. We can't let everyone leave before saying that, right?
Luka: That's right. I'm sure all of you out there want to wish Mizuki a happy birthday too, don't you?
Mizuki: Well I guess since they're here, I could go for a little cheer.
Kanade: Okay.
Mafuyu: Okay.
Ena: Is everyone ready? We'll go on three!
Ena: Ready? One, two, three...!
Kanade: Happy birthday, Mizuki!
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Mizuki!
Ena: Happy birthday, Mizuki!
Luka: Happy birthday, Mizuki!
Mizuki: Hehehe. Thanks, everyone!
Mizuki: And thanks to all of you too!
Mizuki: I feel all warm and fuzzy inside. I think I'm going to have really sweet dreams tonight.
Mizuki: But that'll have to wait till after I've got a belly full of cake♪
Mizuki: Anyway, doesn't it seem like Miku and them are taking a really long time? I guess they are having trouble.
Luka: Probably. Why don't we go and check on them?
Mizuki: Thanks so much for celebrating with me, everyone! See you again in SEKAI!
(Exit: Mizuki)
(Exit: Ena)
(Exit: Luka)
(Exit: Mafuyu)
(Exit: Kanade)
