250 Miku's Anniversary Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023miku_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Thank you for coming to my special fan meeting today, everyone♪
Minori: At today's fan meeting, you might get the chance to see a side of Miku you've never seen before!
Airi: Hehe. I wonder what this side of Miku will be like.
Haruka: Okay, shall we get started with the segment?
Shizuku: Yes! This segment is called...
Shizuku: Ask Away♪ Starring Miku!
Minori: Yaaay!
Haruka: Yaaay!
Airi: Yaaay!
Haruka: As the title suggests, we'll be asking Miku to answer all sorts of questions about herself.
Miku: Hehe, I wonder what I'll be asked. I'm getting excited.
Minori: W-Wow! You're so poised and put together, Miku!
Airi: Yeah, you seem like you're ready to take on anything. That's good, 'cause here come the questions, one after another!
Airi: First question! What is your latest obsession?
Miku: Um... Oh! So we have costumes specific to each song that we usually wear when we sing, but I've started trying different outfits.
Miku: Finding wonderful new combinations is so much fun♪
Airi: Ooh! What a cute, idol-like answer! Sounds like a great way to increase your options, and it's thrifty too.
Shizuku: Now, on to question two! Your hair is so lovely. What's your usual haircare routine?
Miku: I take the time to brush it out neatly every day.
Miku: Sometimes Rin and MEIKO help. MEIKO even gives me scalp massages. The other day, it was so relaxing I started nodding off.
Shizuku: My goodness, even a scalp massage? That sounds heavenly. I'm a bit jealous.
Haruka: Here comes the next question! Number three! How do you like to reward yourself?
Miku: Probably with candy or something else sweet to eat!
Miku: Like after an especially intense practice, I'll dig into a treat and think, "Here's to another day of hard work!"
Haruka: Ah, I see. Hehe, I can just picture your face, happily snacking away.
Minori: Right?! Imagining her all proud of herself is cute too.
Minori: And that brings us to our final question already! Miku, if you could do anything right now, what would it be?
Miku: Well...
Miku: I want to express my heartfelt appreciation to our fans, for always supporting us!
Miku: In fact, we've prepared a song we'd like to sing for you today.
Miku: Hehe, we'll be sending lots of cuteness your way, so keep an eye out♪
Miku: Ready? Here we go! The Vampire!


2 [MUSIC] 213: The Vampire

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023miku_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Thanks for listening, everyone♪
Minori: Now everyone, let's give it up one more time for Miku!
Minori: Ready?! One, two...!
Minori: Happy anniversary, Miku!
Haruka: Happy anniversary, Miku!
Airi: Happy anniversary, Miku!
Shizuku: Happy anniversary, Miku!
Miku: Minori, everyone, thank you all so much for coming!
Miku: I'll always be waiting for you in SEKAI, so please come visit again♪ Bye bye!


4 [mc] mc_bd_2023miku_3

(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Thank you all for being here today.
Miku: As you know, today is a very special anniversary for me.
Miku: And so, I'd like to share a special song with all of you.
Miku: Up till now, looking ahead and far into the future... Some things in this world truly do last forever.
Miku: Every one of you joining me today, I hope this message reaches you.
Miku: Here it is. Blue Planet.


5 [MUSIC] 357: Blue Planet

6 [mc] mc_bd_2023miku_4

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Rin: That was great, Miku! Your singing was incredible!
Len: Your dancing was even more on point than usual, too.
Miku: Well, once I started to sing, I felt myself getting really into it.
Luka: Hehe. That's a bit rare for you, Miku.
MEIKO: Maybe the anniversary made her performance extra special. I love this high-energy Miku!
Luka: Oh, no fair, MEIKO. I was just about to compliment Miku on how adorable she was.
Rin: Hehehe! She was, she was! Miku, you're so cool and cute and playful, we love you so much♪
Miku: Aw...! You three! That's sweet, but you're embarrassing me.
KAITO: Alright, you three. We can't keep Miku all to ourselves. We need to celebrate her special day with everyone who's come to join us.
MEIKO: Hehe, you're right.
KAITO: Let's all wish Miku a very happy anniversary together. Is everyone ready?
Len: Looks like you're ready and raring to go! Let's do this!
Len: Happy anniversary, Miku!
Rin: Happy anniversary!
Luka: Happy anniversary!
MEIKO: Happy anniversary!
KAITO: Happy anniversary!
Miku: Thank you, everyone!
Miku: And thanks to all of you too!
Miku: The times you and I have shared haven't always been easy.
Miku: And there may be times ahead when we'll find it hard to keep a smile.
Miku: But...
Miku: I know we'll be all right. We can go anywhere, and achieve any future.
Miku: So now and forever more, let's keep doing our best together♪
Miku: I'll see you again in SEKAI! Bye bye!
