257 Haruka's Birthday Show 2024

1 [mc] mc_bd_2023haruka_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
Miku (MMJ): Thanks for waiting, everyone♪ I wonder, do you all know what today is?
Minori: Of course they do!
Minori: Today we celebrate our MORE MORE JUMP! groupmate, the idol I adore, who I get to be classmates with for the very first time...
Minori: Haruka Kiritani's birthday!
Airi: Hehe, one, two...!
Minori: Happy birthday, Haruka!
Airi: Happy birthday, Haruka!
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Haruka!
Miku (MMJ): Happy birthday, Haruka!
Haruka: Thank you, everyone!
Haruka: And thank you all as well!
Shizuku: Now, shall we begin Haruka's special birthday fan meeting?
Miku (MMJ): We've done many different segments together up till now, but this one was specially requested by Haruka herself♪
Haruka: "Thanks for the Support! A Heartfelt Message to my Fans!"
Minori: Woooooooooooo!
Airi: Ahem!
Minori: Oh! Sorry, I heard "heartfelt message" and just got so excited! I'll be cool, I swear!
Haruka: Hehe. That's okay, it's easier for me to talk if everyone's excited.
Haruka: Everyone, thank you so much again for coming to my birthday fan meeting.
Haruka: I wanted to use this time as an opportunity to express my feelings to all of you.
Haruka: So many people have said our music and our streams have cheered them up or given them strength for tomorrow...
Haruka: That has made me so happy... But it also came as a surprise.
Haruka: Actually... When we decided to work without an agency so we could stay true to ourselves, we didn't expect it would go this well.
Haruka: But it has.
Haruka: I'm proud of the work we've put in to get this far, but we really owe our success to all of the people who support us.
Haruka: Those who help us organize events, those who give us opportunities to work, and our fans who continually believe in us...
Haruka: You are the reason I am standing here today, smiling before you.
Haruka: With your support inspiring me, I plan to keep working hard now and in the future.
Haruka: Now I would like to put these feelings into song.
Haruka: So here goes. IF.


2 [MUSIC] 211: IF

3 [mc] mc_bd_2023haruka_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
Haruka: Thank you for listening!
Haruka: I promise to keep working hard with everyone in MORE MORE JUMP! to be the best idol I can be!
Haruka: With love, your idol, Haruka Kiritani!
Minori: Haruka! I hope you have the best birthday ever!
Haruka: Hehe. Thank you, Minori.
Airi: Well, unfortunately, that's all the time we have for today.
Shizuku: Haruka, if you please.
Haruka: Yes.
Haruka: Everyone, thank you so much for coming today.
Haruka: Getting to express my feelings to you all and sing the song I wanted to sing was a lot of fun.
Haruka: Please come see us in SEKAI again anytime!
Miku (MMJ): See you♪
