261 Halloween Show 2024

1 [MUSIC] 260: Love Ka?

2 [mc] mc_2023halloween_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Tsukasa: Happy Halloween, everyone!
Emu: Happy Halloween!
Nene: Happy Halloween!
Rui: Happy Halloween!
MEIKO: Happy Halloween!
Tsukasa: Thank you for coming to our special Halloween show today!
Rui: We prepared Halloween-themed costumes and effects. How did you all like them?
Emu: Did you get all excited and wonderhoy?
Nene: Oh, it looks like everyone enjoyed it. I'm glad.
MEIKO: Me too!
Emu: I also had sooo much fun dancing in a Halloween-themed costume!
Tsukasa: As did I! Costumes are one of the best parts of Halloween.
Rui: I agree. Why don't you all celebrate Halloween by dressing up in a way you don't usually get to as well?
Rui: Just like this... You may find it makes you feel as free as a bird.
Tsukasa: No, in your case, we can't have you becoming any more of a free spirit...
Nene: By the way, we're going to have a costume party in SEKAI after this, right?
Nene: I wonder what kind of costumes Miku and the others will wear.
MEIKO: Well that's for you to find out! Everyone's going all out, so I hope you're ready!
MEIKO: On top of their costumes, their special effects makeup is on point too!
Emu: Special effects makeup? That's amazing! So do they look like real ghosts or something?
MEIKO: Ah, we've also come up with tricks, so it's not all about the getups either. Might want to watch your back at the party♪
Nene: What...kind of tricks have you planned exactly?
Rui: Hehe, this is just getting more and more exciting.
Tsukasa: Alright then, Miku and the others are probably waiting for us, so let's head over to the party.
MEIKO: Let's. I hope you all have a wonderful Halloween too, everyone!
Emu: Bye bye!
(Exit: Tsukasa)
(Exit: Emu)
(Exit: Nene)
(Exit: Rui)
(Exit: MEIKO)


3 [mc] mc_2023halloween_2

(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Luka: Their show was absolutely wonderful, wasn't it?
Rin: Yeah! I had so much fun!
MEIKO: Now I just have this itch to sing and dance ASAP.
Luka: In that case, why not try putting on a show of our own?
Rin: Oh my gosh! I'm in!
MEIKO: Sounds good! Let's enjoy this Halloween with everyone who's come to watch!
Luka: Alright then, are you all ready? Romeo & Cinderella.


4 [MUSIC] 121: Romeo & Cinderella

5 [mc] mc_2023halloween_3

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: KAITO)
Miku: That was such a wonderful performance, you guys!
Luka: Oh? I didn't realize all of you were watching.
Len: Yup! We came over to announce that the pumpkin cake finished baking, only to find you guys singing.
KAITO: Len was fidgeting in front of the oven while he kept watch of the cake.
Len: Hey! You didn't have to tell them that...!
Rin: Hehehe♪ The others in a different SEKAI put on an amazing show, which made us want to sing too.
MEIKO: Yes. How did you like our Halloween show, everyone?
Luka: Seems like they enjoyed it. I also had a fun time thanks to all of you here listening.
Rin: I just remembered something! After we took a peek in the other SEKAI, there was another thing I wanted to do!
Len: Huh? And what's that?
MEIKO: I know! A costume party, right?
Rin: Yeah! I want us to prank each other while dressing different from normal too!
Miku: Wear costumes and prank each other, huh? Deciding on costumes and planning pranks sounds fun!
Rin: I know, right♪
KAITO: Then let's put on some Halloween costumes and enjoy the cake today.
Len: Sounds like a plan! Alright, Rin! Let's think up some pranks together!
Rin: Yeah! Let's make them really scary ones!
Luka: Alright then, the rest of us will head back and finish preparing for the party.
MEIKO: Thank you so much for coming today, everyone! I'm glad that we got to have fun together!
Rin: See ya later!
