269 This Way! That Way! Zookeeper Day After Show (event_115)

1 [MUSIC] 98: Lost One's Weeping

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_40_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Rin)
Shiho: Nice. We weren't half bad just now.
Ichika: I feel like we were all a little more into it than usual.
Rin: We were so good! I had so much fun singing too!♪
Saki: Speaking of fun, remember how Shiho got that letter of appreciation in the assembly?!
Honami: I'm not sure what that has to do with "fun"...
Shiho: It has nothing to do with it. Saki just wants to bring it up.
Saki: But c'mon, I was so surprised when they called you up!
Rin: Wait wait wait, what letter of appreciation?
Ichika: Oh, did we not tell you, Rin? Shiho went to shadow at a zoo.
Honami: And she did so well that the zoo sent her a thank-you letter, and it was read out in front of the whole school.
Rin: The whole school... Like, the WHOLE school?! Shih, that's amazing!
Shiho: I didn't do anything special. I just did what the zoo staff told me.
Saki: But you had so much fun with the chipmunks that you made a really cute face, right?
Ichika: At least according to Minori...
Shiho: That's just what she thinks she saw!
Rin: I'm super jealous though! Getting to be a zookeeper for a day? I wanna try it too!
Saki: Me tooo!
Saki: Well, I was actually invited to join in with Ichi's surprise this time, but I was busy...
Honami: Surprise?
Ichika: Yeah, Haruka and I planned to go surprise Shiho and Minori at their job shadowing.
Honami: Oh... So you went to the zoo too, Ichika?
Saki: Aww, if only I hadn't had plans that day!
Shiho: We can always go another time. And we can bring you and the others, Rin.
Rin: Wait, for real?! Do you mind going twice, Shih?
Shiho: Hey, there are plenty of parts that I didn't get to see.
Saki: Oh. So in other words, you wanna go back? To see your chipmunk chums?
Shiho: Keep that up and I won't be joining you.
Saki: Wait nooo, I'm sorry Shiho! I promise I'll be nice!
Rin: Hehehe, I'm sure the others will be super happy to get taken to the zoo!
Rin: Hey, let's decide when we're going! You're so busy lately, I don't want us to forget!
Ichika: You're right. There's no telling what our schedule will look like when things really get underway.
Honami: Well then, let's go find Miku and the others.
Rin: Yeah! I can't wait to see their reactions!


3 [MUSIC] 70: Melty Land Nightmare

4 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_40_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Luka)
Minori: Thanks for coming again, everyone!
Miku: Hehe. You were really on it, Minori.
Haruka: You've been in a good mood ever since you got that letter.
Minori: Hehe, it's not every day I'm sent a thank-you letter and get praised in front of everyone!
Minori: I might actually be cut out for zookeeping! Maybe I'll work in a zoo one day♪
Airi: Let's not get carried away. What'll happen to your idol career if you become a zookeeper?
Minori: Of course, I'm focused on my idol dreams! But it's hard to let go of animals... What if I was a zookeeper idol?!
Luka: That's a bold concept.
Shizuku: But it's sort of fresh, isn't it?
Miku: Yes, and thinking beyond just zookeepers... Wouldn't a zoo-themed show be fun?
Luka: Oh, that sounds interesting. Animals and idols have being cute in common♪
Minori: That reminds me, Luka, weren't we saying that Schubert has what it takes to be an idol?
Haruka: I'm sorry, what?
Minori: Cause, Schubert stays composed no matter what happens, right?
Minori: So we thought he could be himself on a big stage like this without getting nervous!
Shizuku: Oh, so that's what this Schubert is like? I'm very curious to meet him.
Airi: I'm interested too, but... I don't like where this conversation is headed...
Airi: If Schubert himself takes the stage, our zoo-themed show will become an actual zoo!
Haruka: Like an animated movie with singing animals.
Minori: Oh, but singing might be a challenge!
Minori: Mr. Nakazawa the zookeeper told me that shoebills don't really have calls or songs!
Airi: That's kinda crucial for an idol!
Minori: B-But, they use their beaks to show their love with a loud noise instead!
Haruka: And she means loud... It was like gunfire.
Miku: Wow! So that's how they show their love?
Shizuku: Schubert might just be cut out for idol work if he goes that far for his fans.
Miku: Yeah! After hearing all Minori's stories, I can't wait to meet Schubert!
Airi: Hehe. You won't have to wait for long. We already set a date to all go together.
Minori: Haruka and me can't go because of work... But it really is a great zoo, so have fun!
Haruka: Please show them around, Luka.
Luka: Of course! I'll be a dependable tour guide♪
Shizuku: I'm already so excited to go.
Miku: Me too! The day can't come sooner!
