275 Beside Unchanging Warmth After Show (event_117)

1 [MUSIC] 226: Lost and Found

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_41_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
MEIKO: That was a great performance, everyone!
Miku: Oh, MEIKO! I didn't know you were listening.
Saki: Hehe. It was our first practice of the year, so we got really into it!
Saki: And we've got something to look forward to after practice too♪
Shiho: Something to look forward to...? Oh, you mean the top-spinning tournament?
Saki: Yeah! MEIKO and the others said theirs was super fun, so I wanted to have one too!
Ichika: You guys picked the tops out when you went to the New Year's sales, right?
Saki: Yeah! Also, Shiho and MEIKO picked out some clothes for me, and we looked at all kinds of lucky bags!
Honami: Oh, speaking of which, you bought us lucky bags full of treats.
Ichika: There were all those treats inside, and we got to feel that fun New Year's sales feeling.
Shiho: I see. That's good to hear.
Saki: Oh, speaking of souvenirs, we got gifts for Tsukasa and Shizuku too!
Saki: A water bottle for Tsukasa, and for Shizuku, a bunny brooch with a puffy tail, picked out by Shiho♪
Shiho: Hey, Saki...!
MEIKO: Hehe, she even bought a matching one for herself.
Shiho: Not you too, MEIKO...
Ichika: Huh... Shiho, matching with Shizuku... That feels kind of unusual.
Shiho: We ran into one of her friends at the sales, who suggested that I buy one for myself.
Shiho: The friend even gave me ideas to make it work in my style. So...I thought I'd give it a try.
Honami: Oh... The thing you had on your bag today? You had it attached like a keychain.
Honami: You were staring at your bag, so I got to wondering about it.
Shiho: Wh...
Miku: I guess that's just how much you like it.
Shiho: Well, yeah...
Shiho: I usually don't walk around with this sort of stuff, but I thought it could be okay once in a while.
Saki: Ooh! Then next time, how about you try on some cute clothes and—
Shiho: That's a different matter entirely.
Saki: Whaaat?!


3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_41_2

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
Mizuki: Oh yeah, Mafuyu. Have you been using that scrunchie I gave you?
Mafuyu: Occasionally. When I'm working, for example.
Mizuki: Ooh! Then you should wear it next time! I wanna see how it looks on you.
Mizuki: Actually, let's all wear them! We'll be matching!
Ena: The scrunchies your sister made for us are in the same style as Mafuyu's, right?
Mizuki: Right! How about it, Kanade?
Kanade: Um... If I just need to tie my hair up, then okay.
(Enter: Luka)
Luka: This sounds like a fun conversation.
Mizuki: Luka! You were listening?
Luka: I was. I was just going to check up on you, but you were having so much fun that I had to make an appearance♪
Luka: After all, it's rare for the four of you to all wear the same thing.
Kanade: True, I suppose we don't really do that.
Ena: Well, it could be nice once in a while. Wearing something matching kind of gives a sense of connection.
Mizuki: Oh...
Mizuki: Yeah, you're right!
Mizuki: I know! Since we're all gonna wear scrunchies, you all should too, Luka! I'll make some for you.
Luka: Oh, would you? I'm looking forward to it.
Mizuki: Leave it to me! They might not come out as well as my sister's, but I'll be sure to make them super cute!
Mizuki: Hehehe, I'm so excited! I'm gonna look at fabrics as soon as I get back.
Mafuyu: Should we leave soon, then?
Mizuki: Ah, wait wait wait! Before we do... I want us all to sing together.
Ena: Huh? Where did that come from all of a sudden?
Mizuki: Hmm, just a thought? I want to cherish what I'm feeling right now.
Mizuki: And because like, when we sing together, we're connected by one shared feeling.
Ena: You think so? Well, in that case, sure.
Kanade: I'm in too.
Luka: In that case, I hope you'll let me join in. I'm curious what feelings Mizuki will sing with.
Mizuki: Hehe, thanks everyone! Alright, here we go... Kimi no Yoru Wo Kure.


4 [MUSIC] 237: Kimi no Yoru Wo Kure

5 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_41_3

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Ena)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Luka)
Mizuki: Phew, that really got me feeling refreshed! Thanks for doing this, guys!
Kanade: It was a nice change of pace for me as well.
Mafuyu: Me too.
Mizuki: Alright, I'm gonna go buy materials for everyone's scrunchies! I wanna make Rin's all frilly!
Mizuki: MEIKO's will be more subdued, and KAITO's...
Ena: Wait... You're really making them for EVERYONE?
Luka: Hehe. You'll have a hard time catching him.
Mizuki: Be sure to help me out if it comes to it, Luka♪
