278 Break Down the Wall After Show (event_118)

1 [mc] mc_ev_street_wl_01_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
An: And that concludes our SEKAI mini-vacation to the Vietnam alley!
Kohane: That was so much fun! I'm glad I brought my camera.
Toya: Yes, it's fascinating to see the character of each country's street. It's a shame we can only explore them on breaks.
Akito: Well, there's no helping that. We can look around once we crush that wall.
Toya: Heh, true.
An: By the way...
An: What is this place? We just wandered in here without thinking.
Kohane: Oh, you're right...
Toya: It's nothing like the other roads... Could this be another street from overseas?
Akito: Who knows? Though I've heard they sometimes convert a cavern into a concert hall.
An: Wow, that sounds pretty cool!
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
Miku (VBS): Oh, you're all here.
(Exit: Miku-VBS)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
Kohane: Miku!
An: You surprised me! Were you in here the whole time?
Miku (VBS): Yep. The way my voice echoes here makes it feel great to sing.
Toya: Yes, that makes sense. I imagine the acoustics are superb.
Toya: Not to mention how tranquil it is here. It's an ideal spot for singing.
Miku (VBS): Right?
Kohane: Oh, I have an idea!
Kohane: Everyone, why don't we all sing here?
An: Ooh, nice idea! Doing it somewhere new sounds like a good way to shake things up.
Akito: I guess we only sing at Weekend Garage or live houses lately.
Akito: Alright, why not do one song?
Kohane: Yeah! Um... Would you like to join us, Miku?
Miku (VBS): Of course. Did you think I'd say no?
Kohane: Hehe. Thank you, Miku!
Kohane: Okay everyone, let's go! Beyond the way!


2 [MUSIC] 398: Beyond the way

3 [mc] mc_ev_street_wl_01_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku-VBS)
An: Mmh, that was the best! The acoustics felt amazing!
Kohane: Yes...! I could hear your voices from every direction...
Kohane: Almost like you were encouraging me.
Toya: Encouraging you... Hm.
Toya: I know the feeling. It fills me with courage to hear your voices when we sing.
Akito: When you think about it...
Akito: Maybe we've been igniting each other as much as we have our audience.
An: Oh, I get what you mean!
An: A great observation from the team's ignition technician!
Akito: What kind of title is that supposed to be?
An: Haha, it's supposed to be a compliment!
Kohane: But still, to think we "ignite" each other...
Kohane: Thinking about our event getting closer is making me nervous and worried, but...
Kohane: I hope we can light a fire in each other and charge forward with full force!
An: Alright! That's break time over!
An: Let's head back to the cafe and practice!
Toya: Let's.
Miku (VBS): So, do you guys know the way back?
Kohane: Oh...
Akito: We just need to go back the way we came, so it's this way, right?
Miku (VBS): Nope. This place is a real maze, isn't it?
Toya: Do you mean... We got lost along the way?
Kohane: If you weren't here, Miku, we'd be in a pickle now.
An: But you are here! So we can rely on you to point the way!
An: And it won't be the last time!
Miku (VBS): Honestly... Well, I guess I can be your tour guide from time to time.
Miku (VBS): I mean, I would be helping you get where you want to go.
Kohane: Hehe. In a way, I guess you're always doing that for us.
Kohane: Thank you for all your help, Miku. We're going to keep counting on it.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. You're welcome.
An: Alright, now we really gotta go.
An: So we can break down that wall!
Akito: "Yeah!"
Toya: "Yeah!"
