279 Backlight, Lens Flare After Show (event_119)

1 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_16_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Emu: The movie we went to see was so exciting!
Tsukasa: Indeed! Those heart-pounding action sequences had me on the edge of my seat.
Rui: I found those dramatic explosions impressive. Something like that could be interesting in our next show.
Tsukasa: Just what kind of show are you planning with something similar to that...?
Emu: Hehehe, movies sure are fun☆ Especially when we watch them together!
Nene: I get that, but...aren't we going a lot lately? We went to see that period drama just last week.
Tsukasa: Now that you mention it...
Rui: I suppose we're all interested in film after experiencing the production process.
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Hiya guys! What are you talking about?
Emu: Oh, hi Rin! Good wonderhoy!
Nene: We were talking about a movie we just saw. And how we've been going to the movies a lot recently.
Rin: Wow, really?
Rin: That's so nice! I wanna go see a movie too!
Rui: I wish we could take you, but you'd be easily seen in the dark.
Emu: Then we should watch a whole bunch in SEKAI! I'll bring all different types over☆
Tsukasa: And we can recreate a movie theater with a projector like last time.
Rin: Wow, thank you!
Rin: That reminds me, when can we see the film you guys helped make?
Rin: I want Miku and everyone to see it ASAP!
Nene: We also really want you all to see it... But it's going to take time.
Rui: That's right. Post-production will likely take half a year or so. And even then, it'll be some time before the premiere.
Rin: Whaaat, that long?!
Tsukasa: Even the footage we were shown was very much the rough cut.
Emu: Now they're gonna go snip snip clip clip and make it perfect for everyone!
Rin: I didn't realize! It really is tough making a movie.
Rui: It truly was harder than I'd imagined. When I think about it now...
Rui: It sort of makes me want to sing!
Nene: Huh, where did that come from?!
Emu: Then sing with me! My heart's already going thump thump bump after watching that movie!
Rin: Me too me too! I want to sing with you guys!
Rui: Hehe. Then, I believe it's showtime... Start the music!


2 [MUSIC] 160: Showtime Ruler

3 [mc] mc_ev_wonder_16_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Rin)
Rin: Hehehe, that felt great!
Emu: Yup! And I could really tell how excited you were feeling, Rui!
Tsukasa: So could I. Rui, did working on the film really have that big of an impact on you?
Rui: I suppose so. I did gain a lot of technical knowledge, but... I also reaffirmed my love for directing as a many-layered art.
Rui: There's still so much I don't know. I hope to learn it all and build up my repertoire.
Nene: Hehe. I'm glad you had a good experience.
Emu: I bet Rui's gonna show us some new effects in our next show!
Rui: Hehe. Of course, I'm always coming up with new effects...
Rui: But in our next production, you can expect something wholly unprecedented.
Rin: Wooow, that's exciting!
Tsukasa: It is. However... We need to be just as motivated.
Nene: You're right. We gotta keep experiencing new things and improving ourselves.
Emu: Like training with the next troupe! Whatcha think they're gonna let us do?
Rin: I wanna know too! It's exciting just to think about!
Rin: Please let me come visit again when you go.
Rui: Hehe, of course. We owe you for all the times you've helped us out.
Nene: Oh, it's time for my solo practice... Sorry, I need to head back.
Tsukasa: I also have a run scheduled! I'm going to do three laps of the park!
Rui: Hehe, sounds like you're both hard at work.
Emu: Then, I might join Tsukasa on his run!
Emu: If you're gonna do three laps, I'm gonna do five! Let's do thiiis☆
Tsukasa: With your athleticism, that's not inconceivable... But, literally, this won't be a walk in the park.
Tsukasa: Anyway, if you'll run five laps, then so will I! I won't be caught lagging behind!
Rin: That's impressive, but... You shouldn't overdo it.
Nene: You really shouldn't.
Rui: Well then, I think we should head back.
Rui: Thank you all for joining us. As you just heard, Wonderlands×Showtime continues to evolve and improve.
Emu: Next time you see us we're gonna be all powered up, so don't miss it! Until then...
Emu: Bye bye, wonderhoy!
