288 Relaxing Tea Time After Show (event_123)

1 [MUSIC] 75: Tale of the Deep-sea Lily

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_43_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Whew! Girls, you were great just now.
Saki: Woohoo!
Honami: It's all thanks to Ichika and Ms. Yoisaki.
Miku: Really? Why?
Shiho: Ichika and her friend held a tea party for everyone.
Saki: Yeah! We all went to have tea in the park. It was so fun!
Honami: It was such a breath of fresh air.
Ichika: You've all been working so hard lately... I wanted you to relax.
Miku: I see. That must be why you played with extra energy today.
Honami: I think so! And Ichika even chose a different tea for each of us.
Ichika: That was Kanade's idea, not mine. But I'm glad you all liked them.
Shiho: I was really impressed. And it was just the type I like.
Saki: Yup! Thanks to Ichi's special tea, my throat's in peak condition♪
Ichika: Your tea has cloves and orange in it, which are supposed to work wonders for your throat.
Shiho: Mine is a focus-boosting herbal tea, right? I definitely noticed a difference.
Ichika: Yours is a mate-ginger blend, if I remember right. I thought it would help you recharge.
Miku: Those are wonderful presents Ichika, and very on-brand for you. I'm kind of jealous.
Ichika: Hehe, it'll be your turn soon.
Miku: What?
Honami: I brought some sweets as well, so let's all enjoy them together.
Saki: Hehehe, time for Tea Party: Round 2!
Miku: Thank you, girls. Rin and the others will be pleased.
Ichika: I'm glad to hear it. Do we want to go look for them?
Saki: Yup, let's go!
(Exit: Ichika)
(Exit: Saki)
(Exit: Shiho)
(Exit: Honami)
(Exit: Miku)


3 [MUSIC] 218: Meru

4 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_43_2

(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Thank you for singing with me, you two.
Kanade: It's okay. I needed a break anyway. Thank you, Miku.
Miku: You're welcome.
Miku: I don't know why, but you two seemed to sing differently today.
Kanade: Do you think so?
Mafuyu: I agree. You sounded slightly different. Have you changed somehow, Kanade?
Kanade: No, not really... I wonder why you think that.
Miku: Have you done anything out of the ordinary?
Kanade: Out of the ordinary...
Mafuyu: What about the tea party?
Kanade: Oh yeah... I held a tea party. I think everyone got to relax, but I'm the same old me, I guess.
Miku: I don't think that's true.
Miku: I think that tea party must have changed something in both of you.
Kanade: I wonder...
Miku: I don't know for sure, but... I think it influenced your singing.
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: I felt more at ease at the tea party than I was expecting.
Mafuyu: But I don't know if that influenced how I sang...
Kanade: Mafuyu...
Miku: Good for you, Kanade.
Kanade: Yeah. Thanks, Miku.
Kanade: I'm glad I could help you and everyone relax, Mafuyu, even if just for a while.
Kanade: Oh. Maybe that feeling influenced my singing?
Miku: Maybe it did.
Kanade: If it did, I'm glad.
Mafuyu: You've gotten better at making tea, Kanade.
Miku: Really? I'd like to try some tea made by you.
Kanade: Oh... Then, I'll make some next time I'm here. Though I don't know how good it will be...
Miku: Don't worry. I'm looking forward to it.
Kanade: Got it.
Kanade: Well then, I think we'll head home now.
Kanade: Thank you all for stopping by. I hope you come listen to us again.
Kanade: See you.
Miku: Bye bye.
