292 Airi's Birthday Show 2025

1 [mc] mc_bd_2024airi_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Luka)
Airi: Sorry for the wait, everyone! I'm so happy to see you all here for my birthday fan meeting!
Minori: Look, Airi! Everyone's waving their glow sticks!
Shizuku: It's so beautiful!
Haruka: Alright everyone, let's all say it together! Are you ready? One, two, three!
Haruka: Happy birthday, Airi!
Minori: Happy birthday!
Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Luka: Happy birthday!
Airi: Thank you, everyone! It makes me so happy to celebrate with all of you!
Shizuku: We have prepared a special segment for you today. Luka, please do the honors!
Luka: With pleasure! Today's special segment is... "Airi Quiz Showdown! Who will win♪"
Minori: Yay!
Haruka: Yay!
Shizuku: Yay!
Luka: I'll be asking three questions about Airi. Please put your hand up and answer if you can.
Luka: We have Minori, Haruka and Shizuku as the competitors and Airi as the commentator!
Shizuku: No one knows Airi better than me. Not even Airi herself!
Minori: I-I'm also going to do my best!
Haruka: Hehe, me too. We'd love for you to join in thinking about the answers too, everyone.
Luka: Okay, first question. Airi's birthday is—
Shizuku: I know! March 19th!
Luka: Yes, however, what was the first idol song the birthday girl became a fan of?
Minori: Oh, I know, I know! Rainbow Garland!
Luka: That's correct, Minori!
Minori: Hehehe. Airi told me this before!
Shizuku: *Sob* I knew the answer too...
Airi: I can't with you... There's no way she would've asked when my birthday is when it's today.
Haruka: Well, no one would've expected that curveball coming.
Shizuku: Yes... I'll definitely get the next one!
Luka: Okay, next question♪ Airi's class is—
Shizuku: 3-E!
Luka: Yes, however♪
Shizuku: Again?!
Luka: Recently, Airi got exceptionally good marks on which test?
Haruka: Oh, I know! English!
Luka: Haruka, that is correct!
Minori: How did you know that one?
Haruka: I happened to notice Airi studying whenever we had some time in between work recently.
Airi: I was just studying alone. You sure are observant...
Luka: Alright, last question!
Luka: What has Airi been consistently doing in preparation for today's fan meeting?
Airi: Wh-What?! L-Luka!
Minori: For today's fan meeting? I-I don't know!
Haruka: Hm... Do you know, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Um... This isn't a trick question, is it? In that case, I know the answer!
Airi: You do?!
Shizuku: To prepare for today's fan meeting, Airi has been constantly coming to SEKAI to practice dancing, even after our own practices!
Luka: I knew you could do it, Shizuku♪ That's correct!
Airi: Hold up... How did you know that?! I thought I was practicing in secret this whole time!
Luka: Hehe♪ And with that, all questions have been answered correctly!
Airi: Hang on, you girls know too much about me. I did not expect that my practices weren't so secret...
Minori: Hehehe. But we also practiced a lot for today!
Haruka: You're not the only one who's been working hard, Airi.
Airi: Geez, you couldn't let me look cool for my birthday? But, thank you.
Airi: Alright, everyone! I hope you all enjoy our song to the fullest!
Airi: Here we go! The peachy key!


2 [MUSIC] 308: The peachy key

3 [mc] mc_bd_2024airi_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Luka)
Airi: Thank you, everyone! Did you all enjoy it?
Airi: Hehe, I'm glad to hear it! That reaction is the best present I could get!
Airi: Thank you so much for always supporting us, everyone. It's because of you that I'm able to keep moving forward.
Airi: I'm going to keep doing my best to bring you all hope, so you better keep your eyes on me.
Airi: So, I'd love for you to come see us again sometime!
Airi: See you next time!
Minori: Bye bye!
Haruka: See you.
Shizuku: Goodbye!
