296 Minori's Birthday Show 2025

1 [mc] mc_bd_2024minori_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
Minori: Thank you so, so much for coming to my birthday fan meeting, everyone!
Shizuku: Hehe. Everyone's very excited. And... It looks like they have something to tell you, Minori♪
Airi: I have a feeling everyone here is thinking about the same thing.
Miku (MMJ): Yeah! Is everybody ready? Let's wish Minori a happy birthday♪ Three, two, one!
Miku (MMJ): Happy birthday, Minori!
Haruka: Happy birthday!
Airi: Happy birthday!
Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Minori: Everyone... Thank you so much! It makes me so happy to receive all these birthday wishes!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Let's keep this energy going and move on to our special segment!
Haruka: Yes. Please join in the fun too, everyone. We now present: "Tell me more! Let's ask Minori♪"
Airi: Yay!
Shizuku: Yay!
Miku (MMJ): Yay!
Minori: Huh? Ask me what?
Shizuku: So, we secretly asked our fans for questions they'd like to ask you.
Airi: There's a lot of questions, so we'll be going through as many as we can today!
Minori: U-Understood! I, Minori Hanasato, will answer everything with all my might!
Airi: I like your attitude! First question! "What's your favorite food?"
Minori: Salmon!
Miku (MMJ): Salmon is yummy! I'm next♪ "What's the name of your pet?"
Minori: Samo!
Airi: That's the spirit! You're not wasting any time.
Minori: Hehehe. The pace of these things is important after all!
Shizuku: Okay, the next question is from me. "What moment made you glad about your love for idols?"
Minori: Huh? What moment made me glad about my love for idols... Um...um... E-Every day!
Shizuku: Every day?
Minori: Yes! When I make a small mistake or feel down... Just thinking about my favorite idols gives me hope.
Haruka: Hehe, what a wonderful answer. Next question... Oh, it's a bit weird to ask this myself...
Haruka: Okay, Minori, I need you to be honest with me. "In one word, what do you like most about Haruka?"
Minori: Huh?! Um... Oh, um... In one word?! One word...
Minori: I-I can't! One word is not enough to describe you, Haruka!
Haruka: And time's up. We'll come back to this question when we have more time on our hands.
Shizuku: Alright, next question. I'm also curious about this. "Do you have any stories of when you and Airi both made a mistake?"
Minori: Huh? A story about a mistake?
Minori: Hm... When we went to check out our shoot location the other day, we took a wrong turn and walked around in circles for 20 minutes...
Shizuku: Really? I didn't realize Airi could get lost too...
Airi: Oh geez... I told you to keep that a secret from Shizuku!
Minori: I-I'm really sorry, Airi!
Airi: Well, you'd better come clean for this one too! "What's one thing you'd like to apologize to Shizuku for?"
Minori: What? Apologize to Shizuku for? Um... Um... Oh, I know.
Minori: At last week's shoot, Shizuku was falling asleep during our break. At the time, I told her that it'd be totally fine for her to nap and I'd wake her up...
Minori: But right after that, I ended up falling asleep too. Shizuku looked so relaxed that I started getting sleepy...
Shizuku: Oh, really?
Minori: Yeah... I'm sorry for falling asleep! I said it so confidently too... But I woke up before we had to go on, so I figured it was okay in the end...
Shizuku: Hehe, that's absolutely alright! Thank you for telling me, Minori.
Airi: What's with that heartwarming episode?! It was different from what I was expecting... But, oh well.
Miku (MMJ): I would've loved to see that.
Miku (MMJ): Okay, next is our last question! But before that... Let's do a show!
Minori: What? We're going to do a show first?
Haruka: Yeah. The last question is a special one. Alright Minori, would you do the honors?
Minori: Oh... Okay!
Minori: We worked really hard on our singing and dancing so that all of you here can have a great time today!
Minori: So I hope you enjoy it! JUMPIN' OVER !


2 [MUSIC] 422: JUMPIN' OVER !

3 [mc] mc_bd_2024minori_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
Minori: *Sigh* Did our feelings come across, everyone?
Miku (MMJ): Looks like they did!
Airi: Our practice really did pay off!
Minori: Thank you! Hehehe, that makes me happy.
Minori: Oh, before I forget. There was one last question, right?
Shizuku: Yes. Since this will be the last question... Please give this answer your very best, Minori. Three, two, one!
Haruka: A message for the fans!
Airi: A message for the fans!
Shizuku: A message for the fans!
Miku (MMJ): A message for the fans!
Minori: Oh... Of course!
Minori: Um... Everyone! Thank you all so much for coming today!
Minori: All of you cheering me on and sharing your feelings with me... That always gives me strength!
Minori: I'm going to practice my singing, dancing and public speaking more and more to spread hope for a better tomorrow to all of you!
Minori: So, whenever you're struggling or feeling down... When things aren't going great, let's get through it together!
Haruka: Yes. Sounds good. Let's all work hard together.
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: Thank you so much for today, everyone! See you again next time! Bye!
