297 Parallel Harmonies After Show (event_128)

1 [mc] mc_ev_band_17_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Saki: Yay!
MEIKO: Yay!
Honami: Hehe. You're in high spirits as always, Saki.
Shiho: We just did five songs back-to-back... How about a break?
Saki: But like, I mean, our song's finally out there, y'know?!
Saki: I'm just soooooo darn happy! I couldn't calm myself down for a second!
Ichika: Yeah, I do feel this kind of tension. I wonder if our song has reached everyone...
Shiho: Oh yeah... I think some people at school have listened. I've noticed a few talking about Leo/need in the halls.
Saki: Whoa! If that was me, I don't think I could resist asking how they liked our debut song...!
Shiho: Yeah, don't do that.
Honami: They might be a bit taken aback...
MEIKO: Hehe. Ichika, Saki, there's no need to worry. You two wrote that song.
MEIKO: So, I'm certain it's resonated with a great many people.
Saki: Hehehe. I sure hope so.
Saki: Hey, you guys! Can we do one more song?
Shiho: Wait, another one?
Saki: Yeah...! Just remembering writing that song with Ichi made me wanna play some more.
Ichika: Yes, I feel the same way.
Ichika: How about you three?
Honami: I can keep going.
Shiho: Yeah, same. If that's how you feel, then why not?
MEIKO: Then, let's get this started.
Saki: Yeah!
Saki: I hope you'll all listen. Suresure!


2 [MUSIC] 442: Suresure

3 [mc] mc_ev_band_17_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Saki: Thanks, everybody!!!
MEIKO: That was a great performance, full of emotion. Yours certainly came through too, Saki.
Saki: Hehehe, I'm glad!
Saki: I really am glad that we finished our song.
Honami: Saki...
Saki: I was supposed to be writing a song with Ichi, but I wasn't able to see her side at all...
Saki: I regret how self-centered I was being.
Ichika: Me too...
Ichika: And when I saw MEIKO and the others at work, I realized our song wouldn't turn out well if I kept that up.
Saki: Hehe. It was really cool, everything you did after that!
Saki: You understood exactly what I wanted to do, just like them. I could feel great ideas popping up one after another!
Honami: It sounds like you played a very big part, Ichika.
Ichika: No, it wouldn't have happened without MEIKO and the others. Thank you so much.
MEIKO: We didn't do anything that special... But you're welcome.
MEIKO: That reminds me, you made a Miku version too.
MEIKO: Miku looked very happy listening to it.
Ichika: Oh, she did?
MEIKO: Yes, the moment she thought she was alone.
Shiho: Huh, I didn't expect that.
Honami: Miku has a rather cute side.
Saki: Hahaha♪ I'm super happy she likes it!
Saki: You should listen to it lots too, MEIKO!
MEIKO: Of course. In fact, let us all perform it for you.
MEIKO: To celebrate your debut.
Saki: Whoa, seriously?!
Honami: How exciting...!
Shiho: Yeah, I'm sure I'll be able to learn from your performance.
MEIKO: Hehe, keep those expectations high.
Saki: Okay! We're looking forward to it!
Ichika: In that case, we should get some practice in so we can hold our own.
Saki: Ooh, that's some fighting spirit, Ichi! I won't be falling behind either!
Saki: And with that... Thanks for coming today, everyone!
Saki: We finally, finally debuted as pros!
Shiho: Well, what's important is what comes next.
Ichika: And it still doesn't quite feel real.
Saki: You're not wrong, but...! We've gotta appreciate this milestone first!
Honami: Hehe, you're right. You two wrote an incredible debut song. Let's ride this wave forward and do our best.
Saki: Yeah! I hope you'll all keep watching us!
Saki: Okay, see you later!
MEIKO: Goodbye! Don't be a stranger!
Ichika: Goodbye! Don't be a stranger!
