300 Saki's Birthday Show 2025

1 [mc] mc_bd_2024saki_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Miku-Ln)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Saki: That was sooo much fun!
Saki: Thank you very much for the birthday celebration, Miku, MEIKO!
Miku (Ln): Hehe. You're welcome.
MEIKO: Rin and the others were happy that you liked it too. They were saying how glad they were that they worked hard preparing.
Ichika: I didn't even notice that you were planning all of that.
Honami: It was quite surprising to see the classroom turned into a party venue.
Saki: It made me so, so, sooo happy!
Saki: Also, I talked to Ichi and the others just now, and...
MEIKO: Hm?
Saki: We would like to perform for you in return for the party!
Ichika: Yes. It doesn't sit right for us to be the only ones having fun.
Shiho: As part of the occasion, we want you to enjoy yourselves as well.
Honami: We'd like for you to see our mini-concert.
Miku (Ln): As the birthday girl, you don't need to give anything back to us, Saki.
Miku (Ln): But... I'll take you up on your offer. I mean, everyone here would love it.
Saki: Everyone...?
MEIKO: Yeah. Look.
Saki: Whoa! Amazing! There's so many people here!
Miku (Ln): They're all here to celebrate your birthday, Saki.
Saki: Wait, really?! Thank you!
Saki: Then this show's also for you guys! Oh, but I want Rin and the others to see it too...
Miku (Ln): Why don't you perform for everyone here first? In the meantime, I'll go get Rin and the others.
Saki: Oh! Thanks, Miku!
(Exit: Miku-Ln)
MEIKO: In that case, I'd like to join you girls.
Saki: Really? Would that be okay?
MEIKO: Of course. I would also like to personally thank everyone here for always supporting you girls.
Honami: MEIKO...
Ichika: Thank you. Alright, let's sing.
Saki: Sorry for the wait, you guys! Let's start the show!
Saki: We hope you enjoy it! Suresure!


2 [MUSIC] 442: Suresure

3 [mc] mc_bd_2024saki_2

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Saki: Thanks for listening to our song!
Saki: Because of your support, I think we performed really well!
MEIKO: Yeah, it was a great performance. Your feelings really came through with each and every sound.
Saki: MEIKO... Thank you!
Saki: Since going pro... Well, it still feels like we only just got our foot through the door, but...
Saki: But there are so many things I've realized since going pro! Thanks to that, I think I've been able to grow!
Saki: It was the same when Ichi and I made our debut song... I thought we would totally get it in one shot, but we didn't...
Ichika: That's when MEIKO and the others taught us something really important.
Saki: Yeah. But because that happened, I think I learned to understand Ichi better!
Ichika: It was the same for me. I now have a better understanding of what you hold important, Saki.
Shiho: This just means you've both grown.
Honami: Good work, you two.
Ichika: Thanks.
Saki: Thanks!
Honami: I'm sure there will be more things that'll come our way.
Shiho: Well, that's what it means to go pro.
Saki: I don't know what's in store for us, but... I can't wait to see what we encounter in the future!
Ichika: Hehe, me neither.
Saki: Hey everyone! Thank you so much for coming to wish me a happy birthday!
Saki: Thank you! And thank you to everyone over here too♪
Saki: We still end up stumbling sometimes...
Saki: But we're definitely going to be a band that our fans can boast about!
Saki: Hehehe. So, we hope that you'll continue to support Leo/need♪
Saki: Please come watch us play again sometime! We'll be waiting♪
Saki: Bye bye!
Ichika: Thank you.
Honami: Bye bye!
Shiho: See you.
