305 Stream With Friends♡ Wedding Live! After Show (event_132)

1 [MUSIC] 41: Sweet Magic

2 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_45_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
Nene: Um, thank you so much for coming.
Nene: Did you all have fun?
Nene: I see. Thank goodness.
Emu: Hehehe♪ It felt so different dancing in a dress! I had so much fun.
Tsukasa: Yes! What a fresh experience.
Rin: And you were sooo cute, Nene!
Luka: I agree. You performed so confidently, I was spellbound.
Nene: Y-You think so? Maybe my experience working at the Bridal Fair helped.
Emu: Oh, the one Minori streamed! That looked like lots of fun too☆
Nene: It was. I was a little embarrassed wandering around with a wedding dress on... But Hanasato helped me not mind so much.
Nene: Also, a lot of people admire and dream about wedding dresses, which made me realize that I should wear it with more confidence and pride.
Rui: Haha, I see.
Luka: You did so well, both on stream and on stage.
Nene: Well, you know...
Tsukasa: A stream... So Nene fought the good fight to  keep the stream going. I'd like to see that.
Emu: Oh, me too!
Rui: What a coincidence. I was just thinking the same thing.
Nene: What? Y-You don't have to bother. I didn't do anything special.
Rin: I want to see it too! Show us, Nene, show us!
Nene: N-Not you too, Rin!
Emu: I know! Let's hold a stream watch party! We can put it on the screen in SEKAI☆
Nene: A-Anything but that!
Nene: Honestly...
Nene: But I guess it was a little fun being on stream. It was good experience.


3 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_45_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Minori: Everyone! Welcome to MORE MORE JUMP!'s bridal show!
Minori: Start the music!
Haruka: Start the music!
Airi: Start the music!
Shizuku: Start the music!
MEIKO: Start the music!


4 [MUSIC] 252: DREAM PLACE

5 [mc] mc_ev_shuffle_45_3

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Minori: Thank you all so much!
Airi: I hope you enjoyed our performance!
Shizuku: Hehe. You know... It really was such a surprise when Minori suggested we do a bridal-themed show.
Minori: I couldn't help it! Going to the Bridal Fair made me want to see you all in wedding dresses!
Haruka: You sure looked like you had a lot of fun on "Walking with Minori."
Minori: I did! You and Shizuku and Airi were all sooo gorgeous!
Airi: You say that, but don't forget that it was all in your head.
Minori: Noooo!
MEIKO: Still, it was a wonderful performance. I'm sure everyone who came to see it had lots of fun too, right?
Minori: Thank you! I'm so glad I could share my happiness and excitement with you all.
Minori: We'll have to work hard to make sure our next show is even more fun!
Airi: In other news, "Walking with Minori" sure has gotten popular, huh.
Haruka: It's nice getting to spend relaxing moments with you, but your reactions are always so much fun too.
MEIKO: I know what you mean. You're never sure what she'll do next... That's what makes Minori so likable.
Minori: T-Thanks for the compliment... I think?
Shizuku: Hehe. It is a compliment, Minori.
Minori: Hehehe. Yay!
Minori: Hey, everyone!
Minori: We're going to keep doing our best to keep spreading hope to more and more and more people, but...
Minori: Everyone who cheers us on is always most important to us!
Minori: We'll keep coming up with all sorts of fun things for you to enjoy, so...
Minori: Please come see our shows, or check out our streams again sometime!
Minori: Hehe. Thanks!
Haruka: I think it's about time to say goodbye for today.
Minori: Right!
Minori: See you again, everyone!
Haruka: Goodbye!
Airi: See you next time!
Shizuku: See you again!
MEIKO: Goodbye!
