309 Rui's Birthday Show 2025

1 [mc] mc_bd_2024rui_1

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Len)
Tsukasa: How is the situation with Rui looking?
Nene: Good. Miku and the others are stalling him.
Emu: Yay! Then now's our chance to rehearse!
Len: Yeah! We've got to be quiet so Rui doesn't find out!
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Len)
Tsukasa: Thank you for coming, everyone! Today is Wonderlands×Showtime's director Rui Kamishiro's birthday!
Tsukasa: Therefore, we would like to give him a surprise that'll blow him away!
Emu: And to do that, we'd like your help!
Nene: Would that be okay?
Len: Hehehe, looks like they're totally on board!
Tsukasa: However! Remember that this is a part of his birthday celebration!
Tsukasa: Even though Rui frequently surprises us, we cannot do the same just for the sake of it!
Nene: Only you have that problem, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: I beg your pardon?!
Emu: Hehehe♪ Okay everyone, let's rehearse!
Tsukasa: Yes! We will give you the signal when Rui arrives. On the count of three, please give us your loudest cheer!
Tsukasa: Here we go! One, two, three! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Len: Wow! I really felt all of your heart in that, everyone!
Emu: Yup yup! I'm sure this will make Rui wonderhoy shocked and smiley!
Nene: No, you're all one thing, but Tsukasa was way too loud... What happened to practicing in secret?
Tsukasa: Hm? Is that so? I was certain that I toned it down quite a bit...
Len: Ack! Shhh, everyone! Rui's coming this way!
Emu: Everyone! Shhhh! Keep quiet until we give you the signal!
(Enter: Rui)
Rui: Oh, this is where you all were.
Emu: Yeah! We were waiting for you, Rui! Hurry up and come over here!
Nene: Somewhere in the middle, between all of us.
Rui: Oh? That's quite a specific request.
Rui: Is here alright?
Len: Yup! That's perfect!
Tsukasa: Alright, here we go! One, two, three!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday!!!
Emu: Happy birthday!!!
Nene: Happy birthday!!!
Len: Happy birthday!!!
Rui: This is...
Tsukasa: Ha ha ha! Surprised?
Rui: Oh yes, I very much am...
Rui: To learn that the voices I heard before really were you practicing your surprise.
Tsukasa: Hm?
Emu: Huh?
Nene: Huh?
Rui: Tsukasa was speaking quite loudly about the flow of the surprise, no?
Rui: I thought that he was doing it on purpose to throw me off from the true surprise.
Rui: To think that it happened just as I heard...actually surprised me even more.
Tsukasa: S-So the surprise was a flop?!
Nene: I told you not to be so loud!
Rui: Hehe, thanks to my overhearing your rehearsal, your feelings are perfectly clear to me.
Rui: Thank you for the birthday wishes.
Len: Rui ended up finding out, but it turned out alright in the end!
Emu: Hehehe, I'm glad you liked it, Rui!
Rui: More importantly, I didn't expect so many of you to gather here for me.
Rui: Since you're all here, I'd like to give something in return.
Rui: Would you all join me?
Tsukasa: Yes, of course!
Emu: We want everyone here to have fun too!
Rui: Hehe, thank you.
Rui: Without further ado, let's deliver a special show to today's audience.
Rui: This will also be an expression of my gratitude. As You Like It.


2 [MUSIC] 106: As You Like It

3 [mc] mc_bd_2024rui_2

(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Len)
Rui: Was our show to your liking?
Tsukasa: Excellent! Looks like it was indeed!
Rui: I'm glad.
Rui: Allow me to express my gratitude once again. Thank you all for coming.
Rui: Thanks to this lively celebration, I think this year will be a wonderful one.
Emu: Let's make lots and looooots of fun memories together!
Nene: While that's important, let's all do our best at the next step of our training too.
Tsukasa: Yes. Let's make this another year closer to our grandest dreams!
Len: I can't wait to see what you all have in store this year!
Rui: Hehe, thank you all.
Rui: Looking back... I had a wonderful school trip with my classmates, moved on from the Wonder Stage and have trained with other troupes...
Rui: My days were filled with many changes and achievements.
Rui: I'm excited at the thought of more new things awaiting me this year.
Rui: And I'll be delivering those experiences in the form of a show to you all.
Rui: To conclude, we hope that you continue to support us, Wonderlands×Showtime.
Tsukasa: We ask for your support!
Emu: Bye bye!
Nene: See you.
