316 An's Birthday Show 2025

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2024an_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
An: This is where Miku said to meet. Where is everyone?
Akito: They must be around here...
Kohane: Ah! There they are!
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
Miku: Sorry to keep you all waiting.
MEIKO: We invited you, and then we showed up late. Sorry about that.
An: No, not at all! I mean... This is for my birthday, right?
Akito: Wouldn't it have made more sense to meet up at MEIKO's place?
MEIKO: Len and the others are getting things ready, so we need you to wait a little bit.
An: Oh, I see! Hehe, I'm so excited.
Miku: We really struggled to come up with good ideas this time.
Toya: Is that so?
Miku: Yeah. Remember that party we threw after you surpassed RAD WEEKEND?
Miku: We sort of ended up talking about how we could surpass that party.
Kohane: That was one amazing party...
Miku: Right. We thought it would be a shame if your birthday lost out in comparison.
MEIKO: So we brainstormed together... And came up with a new kind of party.
An: A new kind of party?! What does that mean?!
MEIKO: We're calling it...a live show party!
Toya: A live show party?
MEIKO: That's right. We're going to sing songs, eat good food, drink coffee and be merry!
An: Wow, that sounds like fun!
Akito: Wait a minute. Isn't that just what we usually do?
Miku: Ah... You saw right through us.
Miku: We really thought it over, but in the end, we figured An would have the most fun if she could sing.
An: Haha, you're not wrong! You guys really get me.
MEIKO: Of course we do. The others should be ready just about now. Should we head to the cafe?
An: Yeah! Oh, but first...
An: Why don't we do a rehearsal together?
Toya: A rehearsal?
An: Yeah! I wanna get warmed up before we go, so I can have fun singing at MEIKO's place!
Kohane: That's a great idea! I'd love to sing too.
Toya: Guess I'll join in too.
Miku: Then I will too.
MEIKO: You'll need an audience, right? I'm looking forward to it already.
An: You just watch! Here we go, everyone... Beyond the way!


2 [MUSIC] 398: Beyond the way

3 [mc] mc_bd_2024an_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: MEIKO)
MEIKO: That was fantastic! What an intense performance.
An: Thank you very much!
An: Whew. For a rehearsal, we sure went all-out!
Akito: Says the one who kicked it into high gear to start with.
An: I mean, just look at this audience. Of course I'm going to get into it!
Toya: You're not wrong about that.
Miku: All these people came to celebrate you, An. So it worked out perfectly, didn't it?
An: Oh, I didn't even realize... Haha, thanks, everyone!
MEIKO: Hey, I know. Since we're all here, why not cheer for An together?
Akito: Works for me. Kohane, do the honors?
Kohane: Huh? Me?!
Toya: You are the clear choice.
Kohane: Okay, um... Is everyone ready?
Kohane: Here goes... Happy birthday, An!
Akito: Happy birthday!
Toya: Happy birthday!
Miku: Happy birthday!
MEIKO: Happy birthday!
An: Thanks, everyone! I never would've made it this far on my own.
An: I was determined to succeed alone if I had to... But that was naive of me.
An: But with Kohane as my partner, Akito and Toya as my teammates, and Miku and the others supporting me...
An: And of course, with all of you watching... Look how far I've come.
An: So I'd like to take this opportunity to say... Thank you for everything!
An: But we're not even close to done yet! You'll never be bored with Vivid BAD SQUAD!
Kohane: Let's keep up the good work, An!
MEIKO: I'm looking forward to what's next for you.
An: Yeah! You should!
An: And with that, bye, everyone! See you next time!
