328 Haruka's Birthday Show 2025

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2024haruka_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Haruka: Thank you for coming today, everyone!
Miku (MMJ): Hehehe. Everyone's so excited!
Minori: Yeah, I know exactly how you all feel! When I think of how today is the day Haruka was born, I...! *Squeal*
Airi: Okay, Minori, calm down.
Minori: Ah! Sorry... I couldn't help it. I got so excited wanting to celebrate with everyone!
Haruka: Hehe. Thank you, Minori. I appreciate your enthusiasm.
Airi: Okay, now it's your turn. Cheer as loud as Minori, and show Haruka how you feel!
Shizuku: Is everyone ready? Let's wish Haruka a happy birthday together♪
Miku (MMJ): Okay♪ Ready... Go!
Miku (MMJ): Happy birthday, Haruka!
Airi: Happy birthday!
Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Minori: Happy birthday!
Haruka: Thank you all so much. I'm so happy.
Minori: Hehehe, and now that that's done, let Haruka's birthday fan meeting begin!
Shizuku: You thought up something special for us, right, Miku?
Miku (MMJ): I did! And here it is. Our first segment is...
Miku (MMJ): Let's Hear From Haruka!
Airi: Yay!
Shizuku: Yay!
Miku (MMJ): This segment is very simple! We'll be asking Haruka about all the things she wants to do♪
Haruka: Things I want to do...
Miku (MMJ): Yes! We have lots of questions♪ So, are you ready, Haruka?
Haruka: I'm ready.
Airi: We'll start with the classic among classics! If you could have one wish granted, what would it be?
Haruka: A wish? Let me think...
Haruka: I've already told you about this, but I'd like some quality training equip—
Airi: Nope, not allowed!
Haruka: Huh?
Airi: No talking about training! Pick something other than that!
Haruka: Okay, fine. Hmm, in that case...
Haruka: I know. I'd wish for just one day where I can eat all the sweets I want without worrying about my diet.
Haruka: Then I'd line up all sorts of cakes, and spend the whole day eating my fill.
Shizuku: Hehe, that would be wonderful!
Airi: Yes. I'd love to watch Haruka playing eeny-meeny-miney-mo to pick her next cake.
Shizuku: Next question! If you could go anywhere with us right now, where would you want to go?
Haruka: Um... Right now, I'd like to go to the aquarium.
Miku (MMJ): The aquarium?
Haruka: I saw on TV yesterday that they have newborn baby penguins, and I can't stop thinking about it.
Minori: Huh?! Baby penguins?! I want to see them too!
Haruka: Then let's go sometime soon. We can sneak you and the others in too, Miku.
Shizuku: That will be so much fun. We'll have to be careful not to be noticed by the other visitors.
Minori: Then let's all go together on our day off next week!
Minori: And that's it for "Let's Hear From Haruka!"
Miku (MMJ): Next up is one you've all been waiting for... The show segment!
Haruka: We've practiced our dancing and singing a lot. I hope you all enjoy it.
Haruka: Here we go! MOTTO!!!


2 [MUSIC] 405: MOTTO!!!

3 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2024haruka_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Haruka: Thank you, everyone! I can hear you loud and clear!
Haruka: Hehe...
Haruka: Hearing all of you cheer like this gives me so much strength.
Haruka: It makes me want to bring more hope to you, our supporters and fans.
Haruka: I'm going to cherish this moment, and keep working hard. Thank you for always fueling me with energy!
Minori: Ohhh, Haruka, you're so cool!
Miku (MMJ): Be careful not to overdo it, though.
Haruka: Hehe. I'll be fine.
Haruka: Minori, Airi, Shizuku, Miku and the others, and my friends at school— You all make sure I relax when I need to.
Haruka: Thank you for always supporting me.
Airi: You do the same for us.
Shizuku: Yes. Let's keep doing our best, together.
Haruka: Thank you all for being here today!
Haruka: Let's meet again, everyone!
Minori: Bye bye!
Miku (MMJ): Bye bye!
(Exit: Minori)
(Exit: Haruka)
(Exit: Shizuku)
(Exit: Miku-MMJ)
(Exit: Airi)
