332 Honami's Birthday Show 2025

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2024honami_1

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Honami)
Saki: Hey there, everyone! Welcome to Hona's birthday show!
Ichika: Hello.
KAITO: Hello.
Shiho: Come on, you too.
Honami: Right. Yes...
Honami: Everyone, thank you for coming to see me today...!
Honami: It makes me a little nervous to know you're all here for me... But I really appreciate it.
Honami: I don't know whether it will be much of a thank-you, but I hope you enjoy our show.
Saki: Yeah! But first...
Ichika: Huh?
Saki: Presenting our special feature for Hona's birthday: "Let's Ask Leo/need's Leader!"
Honami: Huh?!
Shiho: I don't recall hearing about this.
KAITO: Me neither.
Saki: That's because I didn't tell anyone♪ It's a surprise for everyone!
Ichika: O-Okay...
Honami: This is all too sudden...!
Saki: Haha. Sorry! But I'm sure everyone will love it!
Saki: Now, let's get to it! Since we have Ms. Mochizuki, leader of the music world's current rising star, Leo/need, right here...
Saki: I'd like to ask her how she feels on her birthday!
Ichika: You're really enjoying this, Saki.
KAITO: Feels like she's wanted to do it for a while.
Shiho: You're laying it on pretty thick.
Saki: Well, Ms. Mochizuki? A word for our fans!
Honami: Oh, um, right. This morning, I was thinking back on everything that's happened.
Honami: Like when we realized what we wanted to do as a band, and managed to put those feelings into words. And how I've grown to want to support everyone more, as leader.
Honami: I'm taking it step by step, but I'm moving forward. And it makes me so happy to know I'm walking alongside you all.
Shiho: Honami...
Honami: Was that okay...?
Saki: It was perfect! Thanks for your amazing comment, Hona!
Ichika: I'm sure everyone here is happy to hear that you feel that way.
Honami: It's a little embarrassing... But I'm glad to hear that.
KAITO: Then, let's express those feelings with a performance.
Honami: You're right. Instead of with words, I'll show you how I've grown through our song!
Honami: I hope you enjoy it. Regulus.


2 [MUSIC] 423: Regulus

3 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2024honami_2

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Honami)
Honami: Thank you, everyone!
KAITO: Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Ichika: Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Saki: Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Shiho: Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Ichika: I think everyone here could tell how far you've come, Honami.
Shiho: Yeah. That was a good performance.
Honami: Hehehe, that's good to hear!
Honami: Leo/need will keep making music that resonates in everyone's hearts...
Honami: And I'll keep on doing my best to support everyone, so they can shine as bright as they can!
Saki: Okay, let's wrap things up with a big cheer!
Saki: Are you all ready? Ready, and...!
Saki: Happy birthday, Hona!
KAITO: Happy birthday! Happy birthday!
Ichika: Happy birthday! Happy birthday!
Shiho: Happy birthday! Happy birthday!
Honami: Thank you, everyone!
Honami: I hope you'll come see us perform again! We'll be waiting, right here in SEKAI!
Ichika: Bye bye! Bye bye!
Saki: Bye bye! Bye bye!
Shiho: Bye bye! Bye bye!
