335 MEIKO's Anniversary Show 2025

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2024meiko_1

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
MEIKO: Hello everyone! Thank you for coming to celebrate my anniversary today! I'm so glad to see so many of you!
MEIKO: And thank you all too for setting this up. I can already tell today will be wonderful.
Rin: Hehehe, happy anniversary, MEIKO! Let's celebrate as much as we can today!
MEIKO: Yes! Oh, right. Speaking of celebrations...
MEIKO: I wonder how everyone is celebrating the versions of me in the other SEKAI? Anyone else curious?
MEIKO: I knew you would be! In that case, let's go have a look!
MEIKO: We're off... To a place where everyone relies on me!
KAITO: Where everyone relies on you? Ah, I know which MEIKO that is!
Len: Hehe, looks like you all figured it out too! Let's all go together!


2 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2024meiko_2

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
MEIKO: Phew...
MEIKO: The others told me to go for a walk until the party prep is done... But I can't help but worry.
MEIKO: Especially all this talk of "sprucing up the cafe a little"... I hope everything is going to be okay.
An: Don't worry, MEIKO! After all, this party plan was all put together by Toya!
MEIKO: Oh, it was?
Toya: Yes. I put my all into planning this party, and I'm confident you'll enjoy yourself.
MEIKO: I see. That is reassuring. I didn't expect you to do the party planning, though, Toya.
Toya: It just so happened I was in the mood to try something new.
Toya: And when I realized your anniversary was coming up, it seemed like the perfect opportunity.
Akito: I was pretty surprised when you said you wanted to coordinate the venue all on your own, though.
An: Same here! And you came up with something so grand too!
Toya: I drew reference from parties I attended with my family in the past. I hope it doesn't feel strange...
Kohane: Hehe, don't worry, it's not strange at all. But... You must have attended some amazing parties.
An: Do you think Miku and the others will be okay? None of them have done much decorating or cooking.
MEIKO: I have a feeling the kitchen will be in a terrible state when we get back.
MEIKO: But I think it's wonderful to push yourself to try new things.
MEIKO: It can open your eyes to new possibilities. Even if you fail, that experience helps you move forward.
MEIKO: I hope you'll all keep on moving toward your own goals, too.
Toya: We will. Thank you.
MEIKO: I am worried about the cafe, but I wouldn't want to ruin things by going to help. Let's just wait and believe in them.
An: Then, instead of just standing around, why don't we sing a song?
MEIKO: Huh?
Akito: Not a bad idea. Looks like we even have an audience ready, too.
MEIKO: Oh, look at that. In that case... Sure, why not? Let's sing.
MEIKO: Here we go! blender!


3 [MUSIC] 404: blender

4 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2024meiko_3

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
MEIKO: Thank you so much for listening, everyone! It makes me happy to see you bring all that energy.
An: But, you all are here to wish MEIKO a happy anniversary, right?
Kohane: In that case, we should say it all together!
Akito: Yeah. Alright, you all ready?
Toya: Seems so. Ready? Here we go.
Toya: Happy anniversary, MEIKO!
Akito: Happy anniversary!
Kohane: Happy anniversary!
An: Happy anniversary!
MEIKO: Thank you, everyone! I really am so fortunate to have all of you celebrating with me like this.
MEIKO: I'll keep doing my best to make this a place where people can relax and take it easy. I hope you'll all stick with me.
Toya: Well, it's just about the agreed-upon time. We should head back to the others.
MEIKO: Yes. I'm really looking forward to this party!


5 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2024meiko_4

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
MEIKO: Hehe, it seems like the other me is having a wonderful celebration, too!
Miku: I'm really curious how that party will turn out♪
Luka: Me too. Why don't we take another look later?
MEIKO: That sounds great. You can count me in!
MEIKO: Hey... Do you all want to sing something? Hearing their song really put me in the mood to sing, too!
Rin: That sounds fun! Let's put in all our celebratory feelings and sing our hearts out!
MEIKO: Thanks, everyone. Okay, let's do it!
MEIKO: Lost One's Weeping!


6 [MUSIC] 98: Lost One's Weeping

7 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2024meiko_5

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Miku)
MEIKO: Thank you, everyone! Your cheers really helped me sing my best!
Miku: We could all tell how great you were feeling! Couldn't we?
Luka: Hehe, thank you too, Miku. Now, since we're all here, why don't we give MEIKO our well-wishes all together?
KAITO: Here we go, everyone. Happy anniversary, MEIKO!
Luka: Happy anniversary!
Miku: Happy anniversary!
Rin: Happy anniversary!
Len: Happy anniversary!
MEIKO: Thank you all so much. I'm so happy!
MEIKO: I look forward to your ongoing support for us!
KAITO: Now, we should probably begin our own party, too. It may not be as fancy as that other one...
Len: Huh, you think so? With all the effort and feeling we put into it, I'm sure it'll be just as great!
MEIKO: Hey, don't raise the bar too high. I'll be getting my hopes up!
Rin: Get them up high! I promise we won't disappoint you!
MEIKO: Okay, everyone! Let's meet again sometime!
