336 As the Leaves Change Once More After Show (event_148)

1 [MUSIC] 10: Happy Synthesizer

2 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_shuffle_50_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Shizuku: Thank you for listening, everyone!
Minori: Thanks!
Len: That was a great practice session, everyone. You all seemed even more into it than usual.
Len: Especially you, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Huh?
Airi: Yeah, I could feel it too. You were in really good form.
Len: Did something good happen?
Shizuku: Hehe. Maybe I have the trip I went on the other day to thank.
Haruka: Trip... You mean the one you took with Saki and the others?
Shizuku: Yes! It was a siblings day trip. The Tenmas, Shii and me.
Shizuku: It was such a wonderful experience!
Minori: You went leaf-viewing, right? How was it?
Minori: Did you see the mountains looking all red and gold?
Shizuku: Yes, we did. It rained along the way, which did worry me...
Shizuku: But even during the rain, it was so, so beautiful.
Shizuku: And Shii even told me she had fun... I was so happy to hear that!
Airi: Really? Shiho said that?
Shizuku: Yes. I had planned the trip as a break for her, knowing how hard she's been working...
Shizuku: So it was wonderful to see her able to relax and enjoy herself.
Len: Oh, I see.
Haruka: It sounds like it was a very nice break for you, too, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Yes. Getting to see some fresh new scenery was a lovely mental reset.
Shizuku: I know! What if we went on a trip? Winter's coming, so maybe up in the snowy mountains?
Airi: Snowy mountains? That sounds kinda perilous...
Airi: But, why not? It'll be good material for a stream. MORE MORE JUMP! on a mini trip!
Minori: I'm all for it!
Len: Oh, that sounds fun! I'd like to help.
Haruka: Thank you, Len. Why don't we get brainstorming? No time like the present.
Shizuku: Yes! Let's make it a wonderful trip.


3 [MUSIC] 236: Voices

4 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_shuffle_50_2

(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Honami)
Rin: Hm! That was perfect♪
Honami: Hehe. You were in great form, Rin.
Rin: Yeah! It must be all the grape power I got from the grape party we had!
Shiho: That's all you've been talking about since the trip, huh.
Ichika: It really was fun, though. We made so many treats with those grapes you picked for us.
Saki: I think my favorite was that grape cake you made, Hona!
Shiho: Oh, that. The whole thing was purple, even the cream. I couldn't believe it.
Honami: I blended some skins in with the cream. I'm so glad you all liked it.
Rin: Grape sandwiches, grape parfaits, grape jelly and grape juice...
Rin: Hehehe. It was all sooo good...
Shiho: You sound like a bit of a glutton, Rin.
Rin: Aww, c'mon! I was reminiscing!
Rin: Anyway, I'm not the only one who's been in top form since the trip.
Shiho: Huh?
Ichika: It's true... Shiho and Saki have both seemed sharper than usual ever since.
Saki: Hehehe. You know, it has felt like I've been doing pretty great lately!
Saki: Like... Like I really got a fresh new start or something!
Saki: Don't you feel the same way, Shiho?
Shiho: Not really...
Shiho: Well... No, you're right.
Shiho: It ended up being a pretty nice break.
Shiho: I'll admit, I was pretty worried about taking a trip with that lineup...
Shiho: But we got to see some great sights. I'm glad I went.
Honami: Shiho...
Saki: It was so, soooo much fun, right?!
Shiho: Hey, I wouldn't go that far.
Saki: But you even promised to go on another trip sometime, just the four of us!
Shiho: Did I? I don't recall.
Saki: What?! C'mon, Shiho!
Ichika: It sounds like you had a ton of fun.
Honami: Hehe. It does.
Shiho: Anyway, just because we're in good form doesn't mean we can get cocky.
Shiho: Let's get back to practice.
Saki: Ah, then I have a song I want to play!
Rin: Hahaha! You two are both so pumped up! I can't let you show me up!
Shiho: Yeah, yeah. Okay...
Shiho: Let's keep up this energy for the rest of the session.
Honami: Yeah!
Rin: Yeah!
Ichika: Yeah!
Saki: Yeah!
