338 The Power of Regret After Show (event_149)

1 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_wonder_19_1

(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Nene)
Nene: Hmm, which would be best...
Len: I wonder... If it was me... Hmm...
(Enter: Emu)
Emu: Ah! Nene! Len!
(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Rui)
Tsukasa: Apologies for the wait, Nene. Our lessons ran a little long today!
Nene: No, that's okay. We were just talking.
KAITO: What about? It seemed like you were thinking about something.
Nene: Ah... Like I mentioned, I'll be part of the backstage crew for the quarterly show.
Nene: I'm not sure if I should join the lighting or sound teams. So I asked Len for his opinion.
Len: Nene has good sense for timing music, so I thought the sound team would be good...
Len: But she said she hasn't done much with lights before, so maybe that would be better?
Nene: I'd like to get more familiar with stage lighting, but maybe it's best to stick with what I already know...
Len: Hmm, it's a real head-scratcher.
Rui: Hehe.
KAITO: What is it?
Rui: Oh, forgive me. I'm just pleased.
KAITO: Huh?
Rui: When we heard you hadn't passed the audition after all your hard work, I was worried that you might have been upset. But...
Tsukasa: But looks like you'll be just fine! Your eyes are truly bright!
Emu: Yeah! You're just as sparkly as you were while you were practicing for your audition, even!
KAITO: I see, so that's what it was.
Nene: Well, I don't know about sparkling... But I do feel better than I did before.
Nene: Somehow, I feel very motivated. It's like the desire to be involved with the stage is welling up from inside me.
Nene: *Sigh* I wish it was tomorrow already. I want to see Byakkomachi, and learn from her performance.
Tsukasa: Yes, very good. It's a fine thing to see you brimming with motivation!
Emu: Hehehe. Nene, you're on fire♪
Nene: Oh, Emu...
Nene: But, I do sort of want to practice.
Nene: Everyone, would it be okay to sing a song? I want to really belt it out.
Len: Hooray! We get to hear the new and improved Nene!
Rui: Hehe. In that case, how could I refuse?
Tsukasa: Right! Emu, KAITO, are you ready?
KAITO: Yeah! Of course!
Emu: Yeah! Of course!
Nene: Then, here we go.
Nene: Coral!
(Exit: Len)


2 [MUSIC] 324: Coral

3 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_wonder_19_2

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
(Enter: Len)
Len: Wow...! Nene, your singing was so beautiful!
Len: Clear and sparkling like glass, but so powerful! You were so cool!
Nene: Hehe, thank you, Len. It makes me happy to hear that.
Nene: But I want to improve even more.
Nene: I want to meet new people, clash with them, and grow as a result.
Nene: So one day, my voice can reach people all across the world!
Tsukasa: Whoa!
Nene: Ah?!
Tsukasa: That was absolutely inspired, Nene! Well said!
Rui: It seems your words touched his heart.
KAITO: Hahaha...
Tsukasa: To strive alongside one's peers, growing ever stronger together! What a fine mindset to have!
Tsukasa: Nene! We challenge you!
Nene: Challenge?
Tsukasa: Today in training with the Bellflowers, we had to play the role of a witch. But it hasn't fully settled in for me yet.
Tsukasa: Thus, I'd like you to also play a witch! Having a rival to strive against can only help us improve!
Emu: Wow, a witch! That sounds like fun! Ooh, ooh! I want to audition too!
Rui: That would be wonderful, Emu. The more rivals, the better, I say.
Nene: Hold on, I haven't agreed to anything yet.
Tsukasa: Mm... I suppose you would be too busy for this...
Nene: You know I wouldn't say that.
Nene: If it's a challenge, I intend to win. So you'd better be serious.
Tsukasa: Of course!!!
Emu: Okay, let's get ready! You two have the script, right?
Rui: Yes. First, we'll give you time to familiarize yourselves...
KAITO: A group audition... I can't wait to see where this goes!
Len: Yeah! I'm sure they're all going to improve like crazy!
