340 Shizuku's Birthday Show 2025

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2024shizuku_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Minori: Everyone! Thanks for coming today!
Haruka: Since you're all here, I think you know what day it is today. Isn't that right?
Len: It sure sounds like you do. So let's get straight to celebrating!
Len: Happy birthday, Shizuku!
Minori: Happy birthday!
Airi: Happy birthday!
Haruka: Happy birthday!
Shizuku: Thank you, everyone! It makes me so happy to receive birthday wishes from all of you.
Shizuku: I just couldn't wait to meet everyone today! Let's all have a wonderful time together♪
Airi: Which brings us to today's special segment!
Minori: Right! Today, we have... "Shizuku's Verdict: The Ultimate Day Out♪"!
Shizuku: My verdict?
Haruka: That's right. In this segment, the three of us and Len will each present our idea for "the perfect outing with Shizuku."
Haruka: To tell the truth, we were trying to think of where to hold your birthday party, and we just couldn't decide.
Haruka: So we figured, why not have fun with it, make it a special segment, and have you decide for us?
Shizuku: Oh my. In that case, I'd better choose carefully!
Airi: The judging will be split into the "food" category and the "outing" category!
Airi: We'll start with the food category! Haruka and I will be presenting. It's your job to pick your favorite!
Len: We don't know what they have in mind either, so this will be fun.
Haruka: I'll start us off, then. My proposal is the classic: a sweets buffet!
Haruka: Your birthday only comes once a year. Why not make it a cheat day, and have your fill of all the sweet treats you want?
Shizuku: Hehe, what a nice idea. It's nice to treat yourself once in a while.
Airi: Well, sweets definitely sound tempting... But I'm not giving up yet! My plan's got a twist... It's a tour of a tofu skin factory!
Minori: A factory tour?!
Airi: That's right! You can even experience making tofu skin yourself... And enjoy freshly made tofu skin, too!
Airi: It'd be a nice change of pace to do something out of the ordinary, and we know how much you love tofu skin!
Shizuku: Freshly made tofu skin...! That sounds amazing!
Airi: Okay, Shizuku! Your verdict, please!
Shizuku: You've both come up with wonderful ideas... I would love to eat lots of cake, but the tour sounds so interesting...
Shizuku: But... But the freshly made tofu skin is what decides it! It's such a hard call, but can we go with Airi's idea...?
Haruka: Ah, I guess I've lost. But honestly, I thought the factory tour sounded interesting, so I don't feel bad about it.
Len: The outing category is next, then. That'll be me and Minori!
Minori: Okay, I'll start us off, then! My plan is... Visit Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park, and have a time-leap adventure to the Edo period!
Airi: A time-leap adventure?
Minori: Yes! It's a theme park based on an Edo-period town, and the sets are so realistic! Shizuku enjoyed our yukata photoshoot before...
Minori: So we could all put on kimonos, and have a fun day acting like we've gone back in time!
Shizuku: Hehe, it's exciting just thinking about it!
Len: I'm up next, then. My plan is... A trip to a bunny petting cafe.
Len: Just imagine yourself relaxing with a soft, fluffy bunny in each arm. You'd be refreshed, mind and body!
Len: I'd like you all to go take the chance to relax and refresh yourselves.
Airi: J-Just picturing it is already so relaxing! Wait, but why bunnies?
Len: The truth is, a while ago during a lesson, I overheard Shizuku tell Miku she wanted to go to a bunny cafe.
Shizuku: Oh, I remember that... That was quite a long time ago. I hadn't realized you'd overheard.
Haruka: Okay, Shizuku. Can we ask for your verdict?
Shizuku: Hmm... I would like to time travel, but I'd also love to pet bunnies... I've got it!
Shizuku: I'd like to go to the bunny cafe! Knowing that Len remembered something I said offhand makes me very happy.
Airi: Hehe, another close race!
Haruka: Yes. That settles our plans for our next day off, I think. I'm looking forward to it.
Len: Oh, um... Can we come too? We'll be careful that none of the other visitors see us.
Minori: Of course! We'll invite Miku and the others, and everyone can come!
Shizuku: You all came up with such wonderful ideas, and it was very hard to choose between them.
Shizuku: Really, I'd like to do everything. I can tell how much you were thinking of me, and that makes me so happy.
Shizuku: Thank you all!
Airi: You're very welcome! It was totally worth all the thinking to get to see you so happy.
Haruka: Well, that's the end of our special segment. Next up is the show.
Shizuku: Yes! I'm looking forward to our day off with everyone already...
Shizuku: But I also want to make this time with everyone here as special as we can.
Shizuku: I hope you all enjoy yourselves, too. Get ready— We are!


2 [MUSIC] 287: We are

3 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2024shizuku_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Shizuku: Thank you for listening, everyone! Your feelings certainly reached us!
Shizuku: And once again, thank you for today. Things may be a little tough right now...
Shizuku: But when I'm feeling discouraged, everyone's voices lift me back up and give me strength.
Shizuku: It makes me want to bring more hope, more genuine feelings, to all of you who are always supporting me.
Shizuku: You keep me moving forward. So please, let me say this.
Shizuku: Thank you, truly, for always supporting me! Please keep on watching over us, as well!
Len: That was a wonderfully heartfelt message, and very you, Shizuku.
Minori: Even I was moved!
Airi: Well then, as fun as it's been, it's time to wrap up our birthday fan meeting.
Shizuku: We'll see you again, everyone! Goodbye!
