341 Grow Glorious Glow After Show (event_151)

1 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_idol_19_1

(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Luka)
Miku (MMJ): Wow... Shizuku was so radiant in her commercial.
Luka: Hehe. You've hardly talked about anything else since they showed us.
Miku (MMJ): That's just how powerful she was! Beautiful and brilliant enough to give you shivers...
(Enter: Minori)
Minori: I know exactly what you mean, Miku!
(Enter: Shizuku)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Airi)
Miku (MMJ): Oh, Minori! Everyone!
Luka: Welcome♪
Shizuku: Hello.
Minori: Hehehe, Shizuku's commercial is so good! I've watched it over and over and over again!
Airi: That reminds me, I heard a weird sound in the office the other day, and it was Minori sneakily watching the video.
Minori: Huh?! You saw that?
Luka: It's funny you say that, Airi.
Airi: What?! Uhh...!
Shizuku: What about Airi?
Luka: I went to ask her a question earlier, and she was watching the commercial on her phone.
Luka: She looked so intent, and so happy... She was so enthralled she didn't notice me at all.
Airi: H-Hey, Luka! You promised not to tell anyone!
Luka: Oh, is that so?♪
Minori: Hehehe, we're the same, Airi!
Shizuku: I had no idea you've been watching it that much...
Haruka: It's true that you were amazing, Shizuku. Not just in the actual shoot, but even during practice.
Airi: Yeah. You were all drawn taut... It reminded me of Cheerful * Days.
Shizuku: Cheerful * Days...
Shizuku: I think that must be because I'd rediscovered my resolve from back during those days.
Minori: Resolve?
Shizuku: Yes.
Shizuku: You see, this job made me see just how much I've let myself be coddled by you all.
Shizuku: You're all so sweet and kind... When I need help, you always give it to me.
Shizuku: I'm so grateful for your kindness...but I began to take it for granted, and lost my edge along the way.
Shizuku: That's why I had to recall how I felt as the lead for Cheerful * Days for this job.
Minori: Shizuku...
Airi: We could all tell. Each one of us felt your resolve to carry MORE MORE JUMP! on your back.
Haruka: Right. Thank you again, for working so hard for all of us.
Haruka: We'll be counting on you.
Shizuku: Thank you!
Shizuku: By the way, everyone. Before we start practice, can we sing a song together?
Shizuku: To keep this resolve in my heart, as we keep moving forward.
Airi: Of course. I'd love to hear how you sound right now, for sure.
Miku (MMJ): Then, can I join in as well? I'd like to witness your feelings from up close.
Shizuku: Yes, of course!
Shizuku: And I hope you'll all listen, too.
Shizuku: Hashiru! Tooku! Todoku!
(Exit: Luka)


2 [MUSIC] 498: Hashiru! Tooku! Todoku!

3 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_idol_19_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Shizuku: Thank you all so much for listening!
Minori: Thanks!
Luka: Your resolve shone through, Shizuku.
Miku (MMJ): Right! We could all feel your drive to lead MORE MORE JUMP! ever higher, right?
Shizuku: Thank you...!
Shizuku: But I still have a long way to go.
Shizuku: If I want to carve open a path for MORE MORE JUMP!, I'll have to keep bettering myself.
Shizuku: And shine brighter than everyone else.
Shizuku: So, everyone, I hope you'll keep watching over me.
Luka: Hehe, how reliable.
Airi: Yeah! But we won't let her show us up.
Minori: I'll keep on working more and more too!
Haruka: In that case, let's get right into practice.
Minori: Yeah!
Miku (MMJ): Thank you all for coming today. See you again♪
Shizuku: Take care! See you again!
(Exit: Haruka)
(Exit: Shizuku)
(Exit: Minori)
(Exit: Miku-MMJ)
(Exit: Airi)
(Exit: Luka)
