342 Special Present for You! After Show (event_152)

1 [MUSIC] 180: Mirai

2 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_shuffle_51_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
An: Oh, hey guys! Were you listening to our performance just now?
Kohane: Hehe, it sounds like they were.
Luka: That's great! I'm glad we all gave it our best!
Akito: Giving our best... Y'know, Luka, you've seemed really pumped lately.
Akito: Like your motivation's stuck at max or something.
Toya: That's true. You've even been inviting us to sing together more often... It started just after Christmas, no?
An: Now that you mention it! Did something happen?
Luka: Hmm, how to put it... Y'know when you see something amazing and feel this urge to be just as cool? It's like that!
Kohane: Something amazing... Oh, are you talking about the Christmas show?
Luka: Yup, that's it!
Luka: It really was fun how they did it at a ski resort. I got to watch from hiding, and I could tell everyone was having fun!
Toya: Indeed. It was a great show... It left both the audience and the cast themselves smiling.
Akito: They did hit a roadblock... But that director actually used it to his advantage.
An: Haha, that was so fun, right?!
An: Oh, but he said that idea came from Kohane.
Kohane: Huh? I-I didn't do anything...
Kohane: But... If I managed to help, I'm really glad.
Kohane: I mean, I just love Wonderlands×Showtime's shows...!
Kohane: I got to see such an amazing one for Christmas this year... So, I kind of get what Luka's saying.
Kohane: I could tell how much feeling the cast and crew put into that show... And I want to do the same with my singing.
Luka: Kohane...
Luka: Hehe. In that case, let's keep singing the rest of the day away♪
Kohane: Wait... A-All day?!
Toya: I believe we should set aside some time for sleep, at least.
Akito: That's really not the problem...
An: Hahaha. But I'm with Luka on singing one more song together! I'm still in that mood.
Luka: Ooh, An's raring to go too!
Akito: Geez... All day's too much, but I did come here to practice. I guess I'll tag along.
Toya: Me too. Let's resume after a short break.
Kohane: Yeah! Let's give it our best!


3 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_shuffle_51_2

(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Rui)
Emu: So, we all made lanterns together!
Rin: Whaaat?! Like, warm-and-cozy, super-sparkly lanterns? You can make those?!
Rui: You can. We'll bring the materials over next time, so let's make some then.
Rin: Yippee☆ I can't wait to make lanterns with everyone♪
(Enter: Tsukasa)
Tsukasa: Everyone! Thank you for waiting!
(Enter: Nene)
Tsukasa: I apologize for my tardiness. I was asking my instructor about today's acting lesson.
Nene: Same here. Sorry I'm late.
Tsukasa: You appeared to be having a lively discussion... What was it about?
Rin: Oh, so, I just heard all about the Christmas show you guys did☆
Rin: You made a whole bunch of lanterns, right?
Nene: Oh, we got help from the guests for that part.
Emu: That was such a pretty scene☆ Even though I was one of the reindeer, I couldn't help but feel all warm and fuzzy...!
Tsukasa: I know the feeling. And most important of all were the faces of the guests who took part... They seemed so happy.
Rui: I agree. Between the lanterns on the slope and the smiles of our audience... This show offered us some stunning sights.
Rui: I hope I get another chance to thank everyone who assisted.
Rui: Hehe. Remembering all that has me wanting to put on a show.
Rin: Oh? A show?
Tsukasa: What a coincidence, Rui! I was just thinking the same!
Emu: Ooh, me too! Let's put on a sparkle-sparkle-BAWOOM show☆
Nene: Not sure what "bawoom" means... But I agree with doing a show.
Rin: Wow...! Then, I'm gonna join in♪
Rui: Of course, you're more than welcome. Now then, let's begin...


4 [MUSIC] 160: Showtime Ruler

5 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_shuffle_51_3

(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Emu: Wow! You guys are all here☆
Emu: Well, how was it? How was our show?
Rin: Sounds like they had a super duper fun time♪
Rui: I see... I'm happy to know you enjoyed yourselves.
Rui: I may still have a long way to go as a director...
Rui: But I hope to continue bringing you shows. Shows that make everyone smile.
Rui: So, I'd be delighted to see you in the audience again.
Rui: With that said... Let's meet again, during our next performance.
