343 Christmas Show 2025

1 [mc_timeline] mc_2024christmas_1

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Minori: Merry Christmas, everyone!
MEIKO: Merry Christmas!
Airi: Merry Christmas!
Haruka: Merry Christmas!
Shizuku: Merry Christmas!
Haruka: Thank you all for coming to our show today! Are you having a good holiday?
Shizuku: It sounds like everyone is spending it differently. Actually, we were having a Christmas stream until just now.
Airi: That was fun. And everyone really seemed to like our Santa outfits!
Airi: We wanted to show them to you all too, so we came to SEKAI without even getting changed!
MEIKO: I'd say your outfits are getting rave reviews here, too!
MEIKO: I had a look in at your stream, and those false beards you had on were very charming, too.
Shizuku: Thank you, MEIKO. Maybe we should have kept those on when we came to visit, too?
Airi: No, no need for that! Anyway...
Airi: We're not dressed this way just to show off our outfits.
Minori: That's right! We want to give you all the special present of a show from Santa MMJ!
Haruka: So, here we go!
Airi: DREAM PLACE!
MEIKO: DREAM PLACE!
Minori: DREAM PLACE!
Haruka: DREAM PLACE!
Shizuku: DREAM PLACE!


2 [MUSIC] 252: DREAM PLACE

3 [mc_timeline] mc_2024christmas_2

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Minori: Thanks for listening, everyone!
Shizuku: How did you like our Christmas present?
Haruka: Hehe, that's a lot of cheering. I'm glad we got to have so much fun together.
MEIKO: Well, with our present delivered, I think it's time we go enjoy our own Christmas plans.
Airi: Miku and the others are setting up a party, right? I'd hate to keep them waiting. Shall we go?
Shizuku: Yes! I hope you all have a wonderful Christmas.
Minori: See you! Bye bye!
(Exit: Minori)
(Exit: Haruka)
(Exit: Shizuku)
(Exit: MEIKO)
(Exit: Airi)


4 [mc_timeline] mc_2024christmas_3

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
Miku: Welcome, everyone!
Miku: I wonder how you've all been spending Christmas. Could you let us hear?
Miku: Mhm, mhm. It sounds like you've all been enjoying the day in your own way! It makes me so happy that you've come to see us too!
MEIKO: Thank you, everyone! It seems like our SEKAI selves are having wonderful Christmases too.
MEIKO: Is there anything you'd like to do for Christmas? For me, it has to be the gift exchange♪
Luka: I'd like to go see the lights in town. So many places put up such pretty lights for the season.
KAITO: I'd like to get a Christmas ice cream cake. There are so many flavors only available at this time of year.
Miku: Hehe, those all sound great. Rin, Len, what about you?
Len: Hm, I'm not sure...
Len: All those plans sound fun, but since we're all here, I'd like to do something together with everyone!
Rin: I know, I know, I know! Let's all be Santas!
MEIKO: Santas?
Rin: Yeah! I mean, it's not Christmas without Santa, right?
Rin: So why don't we dress up like Santas just like the others in SEKAI, and give our guests the gift of a song!
Len: That's a great idea! I'm in!
Miku: Yeah, I think that sounds good. Let's all sing together!
Luka: Right. Let's make it just as much fun as the show we just watched.
KAITO: Let's all have lots of fun together! Are you ready? Here we go!
Rin: I'm Mine!
Miku: I'm Mine!
Len: I'm Mine!
MEIKO: I'm Mine!
KAITO: I'm Mine!
Luka: I'm Mine!


5 [MUSIC] 368: I'm Mine

6 [mc_timeline] mc_2024christmas_4

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
KAITO: Thanks for listening!
Luka: It sounds like our present made it right where it belongs.
MEIKO: Hehe. Did we do a good job as Santas?
Miku: But you know, we got some great presents too.
KAITO: Right. All the happy smiles right here are the best presents we could ask for.
Len: And we had fun singing our hearts out, too!
Rin: Yeah! Everyone getting so excited made it tons of fun for us♪
Luka: Oh my. I can hardly tell which of us ended up being the real Santas.
Luka: With that, why don't we all give another Christmas cheer?
KAITO: Are you ready? One, two, three...
KAITO: Merry Christmas!
MEIKO: Merry Christmas!
Miku: Merry Christmas!
Rin: Merry Christmas!
Luka: Merry Christmas!
Len: Merry Christmas!
MEIKO: Goodbye, everyone! Have a very merry Christmas!
Rin: See you again!
