346 New Year's Countdown Show 2026

1 [mc_timeline] mc_countdown_2024_1

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
Rin: Oh, everyone! You're here!
Luka: Perfect timing. We just finished our rehearsal.
KAITO: It's our final show of the year, so we put a lot of effort into the setlist. I hope you like it!
MEIKO: Hehe. It sounds like everyone can't wait either.
KAITO: Well, let's not keep everyone waiting. Miku, everyone, can you take it away?
Miku: Leave it to us! We'll bring the energy!
Len: We'll be cheering you on from right over here! Let's be sure to make some noise, everyone!
(Exit: Len)
(Exit: KAITO)
Rin: Okay! Time to show everyone just how hard we've been practicing♪
MEIKO: On this final day of the year, let's sing from the heart to make everyone listening as happy as can be!
Luka: Right! And with that, here it is. Happy Synthesizer!


2 [MUSIC] 10: Happy Synthesizer

3 [mc_timeline] mc_countdown_2024_2

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: KAITO)
Rin: Thanks, everyone! Did you like our performance?
MEIKO: Just listen to those cheers! I hope our feelings reached you all.
Len: I'm sure they did! Everyone looked like they were having such a good time!
Len: Let's keep this momentum going, KAITO.
KAITO: Right. After such a strong start from Miku and the others, we'll have to follow up with an even better song!
Miku: I'm looking forward to it already. If you could do the honors!
KAITO: I hope you all have plenty of energy left. We're going all-out, so follow along!
(Exit: Miku)
Len: Here we go! ROKI!


4 [MUSIC] 2: ROKI

5 [mc_timeline] mc_countdown_2024_3

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
Len: Great, everyone's all fired up! It felt so good to sing!
Luka: Hehe. You really got into it, Len.
Len: Yeah! This is the best New Year's Eve ever, thanks to all of you.
Len: We got to sing a lot together this year. It still feels like it went so fast, though.
MEIKO: Definitely. Looking back, so much has happened.
MEIKO: We experienced so many emotions on the Star Festival, and had a wonderful show.
Rin: It was so much fun making everyone smile with our spooky Halloween show too♪
Len: And the after-show party was so much fun! Our surprise went perfectly!
KAITO: Yeah! As for me... I still remember our Christmas show.
KAITO: We dressed up as Santas to give everyone the gift of a song, but we got the gift of smiles in the end.
KAITO: It's like you said, we couldn't tell which of us ended up being the real Santas.
Luka: I remember that. They're all such good memories.
Miku: The time really flew by, but it was such a fulfilling year.
Miku: Hehe. It makes me happy.
Miku: So many memories, so many songs we've sung together, so many feelings shared...
Miku: I'm so glad we got to spend such a special year together with all of you!
Rin: Yeah!
Miku: I hope you all feel the same way.
Luka: It certainly sounds like they do.
Miku: Thank you, everyone! Let's sing together even more next year!
Rin: Speaking of, it's going to be next year really soon, isn't it?!
Len: Aah! I was having so much fun, I completely forgot!
Luka: But it looks like we're right on time.
MEIKO: Right! Let's start the countdown!
KAITO: Are you all ready, everyone? Here we go!
KAITO: Ten!
MEIKO: Nine!
Luka: Eight!
Len: Seven!
Rin: Six!
Miku: Five!
Rin: Four!
Len: Four!
KAITO: Three!
MEIKO: Three!
Miku: Two!
Luka: Two!
KAITO: One!
MEIKO: One!
Rin: One!
Luka: One!
Miku: One!
Len: One!
KAITO: Happy New Year!
Rin: Happy New Year!
MEIKO: Happy New Year!
Miku: Happy New Year!
Luka: Happy New Year!
Len: Happy New Year!
Miku: Happy New Year, everyone! It makes me so happy to start the new year alongside all of you!
Miku: I know. Since it's New Year's Day now, why don't we all make our wishes?
MEIKO: What a nice idea! As for what we're wishing for...
Rin: I bet we're all thinking the same thing♪
Len: Right! "May I get to spend this year singing together with everyone," for sure!
KAITO: Then let's put that wish into song, shall we?
Miku: Here we go! hot wind!


6 [MUSIC] 489: hot wind

7 [mc_timeline] mc_countdown_2024_4

(Enter: MEIKO)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Luka)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Len)
Luka: Thank you all for listening!
Luka: Have our wishes reached you?
Len: I see. Thank you!
MEIKO: I'm so excited to spend this year singing together with everyone!
Len: If the very start of the year was this much fun, the rest of the year is bound to be great too!
Rin: We hope you all have a great year, too! We'll be right there beside you!
Miku: Thank you very much for spending the start of this new year together with us. Let's make this year wonderful, too!
Miku: Then, until we meet again!
