349 Shiho's Birthday Show 2026

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025shiho_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Sorry for the wait, everyone.
Miku: I just heard from Rin, and it sounds like prep for the rooftop will take a bit longer. Are you alright to wait?
Shiho: Sure. You know, I didn't think you'd set up a whole party space up there. You didn't have to go that far.
Miku: But it's your birthday, you know? We want you to have a great time.
Miku: So, Saki, we've got some time. You want to do you-know-what?
Saki: Okay! It's time for Funtime Waiting Time!
Honami: Funtime Waiting Time?
Saki: Yeah! Miku and I thought it up. It's a way to have fun, even while you're waiting for things!
Saki: Starting now, I'm Minister of Funtime! Incidentally, Miku is the Vice-Minister.
Shiho: These are Cabinet positions?
Ichika: I thought I noticed you two huddling together and whispering about something. So you were planning this?
Miku: Hehe. Let's get right to the game.
Honami: This actually is kind of fun already. What kind of game is it?
Saki: I'm glad you asked! Presenting... "Make Shiho's Heart Pound! Compliment Central"!
Shiho: Oh, boy. I have a bad feeling about this.
Saki: The rules are simple! We take turns saying things we like about Shiho!
Saki: You have to speak up within two seconds on your turn. If you can't, you're out! No thinking time is allowed!
Ichika: Oh, that sounds fun! I sort of want to try.
Honami: Yes, me too!
Shiho: And I'm guessing I'll just have to stay put and listen?
Saki: That's right♪ We'll all be showering you with praise, and you get to appreciate it!
Saki: Without further ado... "Make Shiho's Heart Pound! Compliment Central"!
Saki: Okay, I'll start! I like how you go along with our games!
Shiho: I mean, you went to the trouble of thinking it up and all...
Miku: Just like that, you're very conscientious. You're up, Honami.
Honami: Um... I like how much you love cute things. You practically sparkle when you're looking after fuzzy little animals.
Ichika: Then I'll say... How you look when you're playing your bass. Of course you're good, but you also look so cool.
Miku: I think it's very cool how, once you've decided on something, you always make sure to see it through.
Saki: Yeah, yeah! You never compromise! That's super cool of you! But you're also caring and considerate of others!
Honami: That's true. Whenever you help me practice, you stick with me until I'm satisfied, no matter how long it takes.
Ichika: You keep track of our practice habits, and give us advice when we need it. You've shaped Leo/need as it stands today.
Ichika: I really respect how much effort you put into everything you do. It makes me think about how I could put in more work...
Shiho: Okay, stop. How much longer is this going to go?
Ichika: Huh?! Oh, um, I was almost done...
Shiho: No. This game's over.
Saki: Aww, why?!
Honami: Ah. Shiho, your cheeks...
Shiho: Honami.
Miku: You see? Everyone loved that.
Shiho: *Sigh* That was basically torture...
Shiho: Look, if we have time to goof off, we have time to practice.
Shiho: You guys are okay with that, right? Yeah, I thought so. We're doing it.
Ichika: Hehe. Let's do that, then.
Shiho: Okay, here we go. Integral!


2 [MUSIC] 424: Integral

3 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025shiho_2

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Honami)
Shiho: Thanks for listening, everyone. You getting so pumped up made it more fun for us, too.
Saki: Now, with our practice out of the way, let's kick off our next funtime—
Shiho: No, no more games.
Saki: Hehehe, this one isn't a game!
Saki: This time, all of us here will wish you a very happy birthday, all together!
Shiho: Huh?
Honami: What a good idea. Can we count on you to lead us with the call-and-response, Saki?
Saki: You know it♪ Okay! Is everybody ready? One, two! Happy birthday, Shiho!
Miku: Happy birthday!
Ichika: Happy birthday!
Honami: Happy birthday!
Shiho: Thanks, everyone. Though, you're coming on pretty strong.
Shiho: Hey, everyone. How was our performance?
Shiho: I see. Good to hear it. We'll keep on rocking your hearts, so keep on listening.
Ichika: That was such a cool thing to say, Shiho.
Shiho: Okay, enough praising, seriously. Isn't the rooftop ready by now?
Miku: Probably, yeah. Let's go see how things look up there.
Saki: Okay! Leo/need, out!
(Exit: Miku)
(Exit: Ichika)
(Exit: Saki)
(Exit: Shiho)
(Exit: Honami)
