350 Time to Take Off! After Show (event_154)

1 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_street_20_1

(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
Len: Oh, then how about the sound eating a hamburger makes?
Toya: I see. That certainly could be interesting.
(Enter: An)
(Enter: Kohane)
An: Hey, sorry for the wait... What were you guys talking about?
Kohane: I heard something about hamburgers...
Akito: Specifically, the sound they make when you take a big bite of one.
Toya: We were discussing sounds that might make for interesting samples for our music.
Len: It would be fun to gather lots of sound effects on your trip in the US, and use them for music!
An: Huh, that does sound good!
Kohane: We'd be able to look back fondly on our trip when we listen to them later.
Akito: Sure, but we have burgers in Japan too.
Len: Yeah, but they're so much bigger here!
Kohane: Hehe, that's true. I was really shocked at first.
An: What about the ads and stuff playing on the street? Those are all in English!
Akito: That could work.
An: Right?
Toya: What about street performances?
Len: Ah, like the ones we heard on that street near the Academy of Music!
An: There were so many different genres, just walking down the street was fun.
Kohane: And the kids playing homemade instruments were so adorable, too.
Toya: Yes. People gathering for the pure love of music... It was a wonderful place.
Toya: I think I understand how my dad felt when he visited that street, too.
Akito: Yeah, maybe. Also, speaking of sounds from our trip...
Kohane: Oh... We should have recorded that session we had in the courtyard.
An: Yeah! I was so caught up in singing that I barely remember it.
Kohane: Me too...
Akito: It was all pretty sudden.
Toya: Right. I can't remember it clearly myself.
Toya: But... I know I felt something magical while singing.
Len: Something magical?
Toya: Yes... I don't know if I can put it into words.
Toya: But in that sound, it felt as though the boundaries between me and everything else faded...
Toya: It was as though I felt wind blowing, like from an open door.
Len: Hmmm... I don't think I get it, but yeah, I kinda get it!
Akito: Which is it?
Len: Huh?! It's both!
Kohane: Hehe. Hahaha.
An: Hehe. Hahaha.
Toya: I'm sorry I can't explain it more clearly.
Toya: Oh, I know. Maybe it would be easier to convey if I tried to put it into song.
Len: Into song?
Toya: Yes. I can try to draw that feeling back, while we all perform together.
Akito: Sure, I don't see why not.
Kohane: Okay! We can try to recapture the excitement from our session.
Toya: Len, would you sing with us too?
Len: Of course! I'm ready to go just thinking about it!
Toya: Thank you.
Toya: Then, let's begin. HAVEN.


2 [MUSIC] 508: HAVEN

3 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_street_20_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
Toya: Music is endlessly free, and boundless. However, we're all searching for the same thing.
Toya: Those are the feelings I put into this song. Did they come across to you all?
Len: They super did!
Toya: I see. I'm glad to hear that.
Akito: How to put this...
Kohane: Aoyagi's music sounds so free... And so much stronger than before.
An: Yeah. We can't fall behind.
Toya: Hm? Did you say something just now?
Akito: Nah, it's nothing. Now, I'm hungry after all that singing, so let's hit up MEIKO's cafe.
Toya: Yes, that sounds nice.
(Exit: An)
(Exit: Kohane)
(Exit: Akito)
(Exit: Len)
Toya: Thank you all for listening.
Toya: I don't know what we'll find on our journey... But I hope you'll keep walking it with us.
(Exit: Toya)
