357 Warmth in Every Stitch After Show (event_156)

1 [MUSIC] 129: Bitter Choco Decoration

2 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_shuffle_54_1

(Enter: Mafuyu)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Kanade)
(Enter: Mizuki)
(Enter: Ena)
Miku: Thank you all for singing with me.
Mizuki: Don't mention it! I had fun singing my heart out, too.
Kanade: It's rare for you to be the one to invite us to sing together, Miku.
Ena: That's true. Did something happen?
Miku: No. It's just...
Miku: I was looking at the handkerchief Mafuyu made for me, and it made me feel warm inside.
Miku: And I wanted to sing with you all.
Mafuyu: I see.
Mizuki: Sounds like she likes it a lot, Mafuyu!
Mafuyu: Yeah.
Ena: What did Mafuyu embroider on your handkerchief, Miku?
Miku: It has lots of music notes on it.
Ena: Oh wow. We really did all get totally different designs, didn't we?
Kanade: Your ribbons were all different too, Mizuki. Wasn't it a lot of work?
Mizuki: Not at all! I had lots of fun chatting with Mafuyu and everyone while we worked.
Mafuyu: I didn't dislike it either.
Kanade: I see. I'm glad to hear that.
Mizuki: Hey, I know. Kanade, Ena, do you wanna get in on it next time?
Kanade: Us?
Mizuki: Trying something new can be good for inspiration, and a nice change of pace!
Ena: Hmm, well, you're not wrong. And seeing Mafuyu's work did make me want to try.
Mizuki: Ooh, that's one! Kanade?
Kanade: Sure, but... Can I really do it?
Mafuyu: You should be able to do a simple one.
Kanade: You think so? In that case...
Miku: I want to try it, too.
Mizuki: Great! Then let's try it in SEKAI sometime soon, all of us!
Miku: Okay. Mafuyu, will you teach me?
Kanade: And me, too.
Mafuyu: Okay.


3 [MUSIC] 287: We are

4 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_shuffle_54_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Len)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Minori: Thanks for listening, you guys!
Haruka: Thank you!
Len: Did you like our Valentine's Day present to you all?
Shizuku: You've all supported us for so long, so I hope our gratitude reached you.
Airi: It sure sounds like they enjoyed it.
Minori: Speaking of Valentine's Day presents... Shizuku and Haruka's were so amazing.
Airi: I bet you haven't let them out of your sight since you got them.
Minori: Nope! Not even at bedtime!
Minori: I admire my pouch and think about what Haruka said to me, and I say good night to my Samo keychain!
Haruka: You really treasure them that much? Thank you, Minori.
Shizuku: And I saw you put your keychain on the bag you always use, Airi.
Airi: Yeah. At first I didn't want to risk getting it dirty...
Airi: But every time I see it, I remember how happy it made me when you said I shine, and it fills me with motivation.
Len: Ah... Miku and the others said something similar.
Len: When they use the towels you gave them, it helps them practice even harder.
Haruka: Oh, I see!
Shizuku: I'm glad they're getting so much use out of our gifts.
Shizuku: Hehe. Seeing everyone so happy actually makes me feel like we're the ones who got presents.
Shizuku: It's such a wonderful thing, getting to give someone a present that comes from the heart.
Shizuku: And I can feel that way... Because all of you are with me.
Airi: We could say the same to you.
Minori: Yeah! Thanks for everything, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you!
Shizuku: Everyone, I'm repeating myself, but thank you for always cheering us on.
Shizuku: We're truly fortunate to be able to share our feelings with you all in our songs and dances.
Shizuku: We'll keep on giving our all to make sure you're glad to be supporting us. Please come and see us again.
Len: We'll be waiting with a plan ready to make sure you have fun!
Haruka: Well then, until we meet again!
Shizuku: See you again! Bye bye! Goodbye!
Airi: See you again! Bye bye! Goodbye!
Minori: See you again! Bye bye! Goodbye!
