363 Kohane's Birthday Show 2026

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025kohane_1

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
Kohane: Ah... Hello, everyone.
Toya: Thank you all for coming.
Akito: Everyone here knows what day it is, right?
Miku: Right. Let's all celebrate together.
An: Okay, let's get it started! Here we go! Happy birthday, Kohane!
Miku: Happy birthday.
Toya: Happy birthday.
Akito: Happy birthday.
Kohane: Thank you all so much!
Kohane: And thank you all for coming, too!
Kohane: It's sort of a relief getting to celebrate with everyone here. My birthday's been pretty different this year, after all.
Toya: I honestly never imagined we'd celebrate a friend's birthday overseas.
An: Neither did I! It feels a little weird...
An: By the way, Kohane, your parents gave you a video call for your birthday, right?
Kohane: Yeah. I've been messaging with them since we arrived in the US...
Kohane: But it's been a while since I've seen their faces, so that was really nice.
Toya: Birthday wishes from your family are special, after all.
Akito: Pretty impressive, with that time difference. They must have worked to set that up.
Kohane: I know. When I get home to Japan, I'll really have to thank them again.
Kohane: Of course, the wonderful party you all threw for me made me really happy, too.
An: Since we're here and all, we wanted to make the party American-style too, you know?
Akito: Yeah, you were super psyched even at the prep stage.
Toya: It was enjoyable coming up with various ideas and plans together, though.
An: Hehe. And thanks to all that hard work, we came up with a really unique birthday party!
Kohane: Yeah! Thank you!
Kohane: Hey, can we sing something together?
Kohane: I'd really like to show you all my gratitude in song.
An: Yeah, I want to sing too!
Akito: Sure, why not? Your birthday, your rules.
Toya: I'll do my best to help your feelings reach everyone, Azusawa.
Miku: Seems like our visitors are looking forward to it too.
Kohane: Thank you! Here we go...
Kohane: ULTRA C!


2 [MUSIC] 471: ULTRA C

3 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025kohane_2

(Enter: Kohane)
(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Toya)
(Enter: Akito)
(Enter: An)
Kohane: Thanks for listening!
Kohane: What did you all think?
Miku: It sounds like your feelings made it to them, Kohane.
Kohane: Yeah!
Kohane: Thank you all so much for today.
Kohane: So much has happened since we came to the US...
Kohane: Just walking through the city, there's something new and exciting everywhere I look.
Kohane: Sights I've never seen, all different kinds of music...
Kohane: And every new encounter will become a source of strength for me. I can feel it. So...
Kohane: I'll make them fuel for the fire that I'll light with my songs along our path!
Kohane: So I hope you'll keep cheering me on.
Kohane: Hehe, thanks!
Kohane: Let's meet again! Bye for now!
An: See you soon!
Toya: See you next time.
