370 Minori's Birthday Show 2026

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025minori_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Minori: Thanks for coming to see us, everyone!
Rin: Minori's birthday fan meeting starts now♪ Is everybody ready?
Rin: Hehehe, it sure sounds like it♪
Rin: Let's get right into our special segment! I present to you... "What Would Minori Do?"♪
Minori: What would I do?
Rin: Yeah! I'll give a situation or topic, and Airi and the others will guess what you would do.
Rin: After everyone guesses, you'll tell us what the right answer is!
Airi: I see! So the secret to victory is how closely we've been paying attention to Minori.
Rin: That's right! Good luck, everyone♪ Here's question 1!
Rin: When she's served food she doesn't like... What would Minori do?
Haruka: Food she doesn't like... Like broccoli, right? I think I've got my answer.
Shizuku: Me too!
Minori: Huh, you already know?!
Airi: Okay, say your answers on three! One, two, three!
Airi: Cover it with mayonnaise!
Haruka: Cover it with mayonnaise!
Shizuku: Cover it with mayonnaise!
Minori: Wow, that's amazing! Everyone got it right!
Rin: Congrats, girls! Let's get right to question 2♪
Rin: If she could have any one wish granted... What would Minori wish for?
Rin: I don't know the answer to this one myself, so you'll have to tell us in a minute, Minori♪
Minori: Okay!
Haruka: This is a hard one... Maybe she'd wish for the ability to eat whatever she wants and not gain weight?
Minori: You mean, every day could be cheat day?!
Haruka: Yes, but there are still nutrients to think about. I hope you'd still be careful about your diet.
Minori: Y-You're right! I'll be careful!
Airi: Okay, my turn! Minori would wish... To become a PenPyon plushie in Haruka's house!
Minori: Huh?! Haruka's PenPyon plushie?!
Airi: Yes. You'd get to see how your favorite idol lives, and she might even pat your head and hug you if you're lucky!
Minori: O-O-Oh my gosh! I'm getting dizzy just thinking about it!
Shizuku: Oh! I think I know the answer!
Shizuku: What if she wished to be able to speak with Samo?
Minori: Ooh! That would be really nice!
Minori: I would love to be able to chat with Samo! That's such a fun idea!
Rin: Well, well... These are all great answers♪ But which one is the right answer? Minori?
Minori: Right! If I could have one wish granted... I'd wish for a salmon bowl chock full of salmon!
Airi: A salmon bowl?! Is that all?!
Minori: W-Well, I saw a really nice-looking salmon restaurant on social media earlier...!
Minori: And I couldn't think of any fun wishes like you all did...
Haruka: I see... But on the other hand, that sounds like a wish we could actually make happen.
Shizuku: Yes! Why don't we all go together soon? To celebrate your birthday.
Minori: Really?! Hooray!
Rin: And that's the end of our special segment! Did you get both answers right?
Rin: Okay! Now, let's get hyped up with the show!
Minori: Right! We've practiced a ton for today. I hope you'll all have fun together with us!
Minori: We hope you enjoy! Angel's Clover!


2 [MUSIC] 112: Angel's Clover

3 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025minori_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Rin)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Minori: Thank you all for listening! Did you have a fun time?
Airi: To wrap everything up, let's all wish Minori a happy birthday together.
Haruka: Is everyone ready? One, two, three...
Haruka: Happy birthday, Minori!
Rin: Happy birthday!
Airi: Happy birthday!
Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Minori: Thank you all so much! I'm so happy!
Minori: Having everyone celebrate my birthday with me gives me so much energy and cheer!
Minori: Oh, but it's not just that. Every kind word you all give me fills me with so much strength and happiness!
Minori: And it makes me want to spread hope to more and more and more people!
Minori: I, Minori Hanasato, will keep on doing my best! Alongside my beloved friends, as MORE MORE JUMP!
Minori: So thank you all so much again for coming to my birthday fan meeting, everyone!
Minori: I can't wait to see you all again soon! Bye bye!
