375 Saki's Birthday Show 2026

1 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025saki_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Honami)
Saki: Hey, everyone! Welcome to my birthday party!
Saki: I've got a bunch of stuff planned to thank you all for being here!
Saki: There's even a special present, so stay tuned!
Ichika: Hosting your own birthday party is very you, Saki.
Shiho: She shot us down when we asked if there was anything we could do to help, after all.
Saki: Well, yeah! You guys are guests, too!
Saki: And I had to get the surprises together!
Honami: Surprises?
Saki: That's right! Get ready to be amazed!
Saki: I've brought you all your favorite things!
Saki: Yakisoba buns from a fancy bakery, apple pie you have to line up out the door to get your hands on...
Saki: And rich tonkotsu ramen-flavored popcorn! Guaranteed to taste just like a famous master chef's!
Honami: Wow! You pulled out all the stops!
Saki: You bet I did!
Shiho: I didn't even know ramen-flavored popcorn was a thing.
Ichika: I wonder what it's like. But Saki... It's your birthday. Why'd you only get the things we like?
Saki: Well! That's because seeing you all enjoying your favorite foods is the best present I could ask for!
Honami: Saki...
Shiho: Well, sounds like we made the right call after all.
Saki: Huh?
Ichika: You see, Saki, we also—
Miku: You think Saki and the others will be here soon?
Len: Probably. Oh, and we're not supposed to say anything about the cake, right?
Miku: Right. Ichika said it's a surprise...
(Enter: Miku)
Miku: Oh.
(Enter: Len)
Len: Huh? Ah!
Saki: Wait, a cake?!
Saki: You got a cake for me?!
Honami: We did, since we figured you might not get one for yourself. It was Shiho's suggestion, actually.
Shiho: Hey, Honami...
Shiho: Look, it's your party. We couldn't just show up empty-handed.
Len: Sorry, everyone! We didn't know you were here...
Ichika: It's okay. We were actually just about to tell her about the cake ourselves.
Len: Oh, that's a relief.
Miku: But you're a bit ahead of schedule. I thought you had plans with your friends for today.
Saki: Hehehe. We did, and it was lots of fun, but we were looking forward to partying with you all, too!
Saki: Plus, we had to get ready for our show!
Len: Show?
Saki: Yeah! It's our present to you... And to everyone else who's supported us all this time!
Honami: Well, seeing as how everyone's already here... Why don't we give them their present now?
Miku: Sounds good. Mind if I join in?
Len: In that case, I'll go get Rin and the others. They seemed pretty excited for you to arrive.
Saki: Thanks!
(Exit: Len)
Saki: Okay, everyone! This one goes out to all of you!
Saki: Here we go. Time Machine!


2 [MUSIC] 8: Time Machine

3 [mc_timeline] mc_bd_2025saki_2

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Honami)
Saki: Thanks for listening, everyone! Did you all have fun?
Saki: Hehehe. Good to hear!
Ichika: Now, let's all give Saki a big cheer. One, two, three!
Ichika: Happy birthday, Saki!
Miku: Happy birthday, Saki!
Shiho: Happy birthday, Saki!
Honami: Happy birthday, Saki!
Saki: Wow, thank you!
Saki: You know, the reason I can have fun birthdays like this is thanks my wonderful friends by my side...
Saki: And that includes every one of you, too! Thank you all so much!
Saki: We'll keep on working hard, and making music that'll reach everyone's hearts.
Saki: So be sure to come visit us again sometime!
Saki: Hehehe. Thanks! See you all next time! Bye bye♪
