377 Dear My Fellows After Show (event_167)

1 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_wonder_wl_02_1

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Tsukasa: Hmm, I understand where you're coming from, Miku...
Tsukasa: But shouldn't this moment be more dynamic? It's the grand finale, after all.
Miku (WxS): Dynamic?
Rui: Hm... I'd say I'm with Tsukasa on making this a big moment.
Rui: For example...
Rui: Each of our characters could be launched up high, pose upon landing and say their line in turn.
Emu: Oooh! That sounds so fun☆
Nene: Wait, you seriously want us all to do that...?
Rui: Of course. In this show, we each play a tree...
Rui: Soaring into the sky at the end would symbolize our trees' dramatic growth.
Rui: Growth much like we saw recently in SEKAI.
Nene: I get the idea, but... That's not our only option, right?
KAITO: Hahaha. That plan has Rui's name all over it.
KAITO: Still, it's such an interesting idea to put on a show based on the tree in SEKAI.
Tsukasa: Was it you who first brought it up, Emu?
Emu: Yup! Me and Miku were by the tree, basking in the sun, and it just came to me☆
Emu: Just think! Don't we have all kinds of questions for the tree?
KAITO: Questions?
Emu: Liiike... "Why grow here and not over there?"! Or... "How'd you grow so big?"!
Nene: Well, it is full of mysteries.
Miku (WxS): When I said how I wished we could talk to it, Emu said we could make it happen in a show♪
Rui: I see... And that's when you came to discuss the idea with me.
Emu: Mhm! I knew you'd make it into an amazing show!
Rui: Hehe. I wasn't planning to receive such praise today.
Rui: Still... Now I'm eager to raise the bar for this show even higher.
Tsukasa: I feel the same. I'd like to get a bit more practice in before showing Len and the others.
Nene: Should we do a rehearsal, then? We still have some time.
KAITO: In that case, I'll sit back and watch.
KAITO: Along with all our guests.
Miku (WxS): Oh wow, you're all here☆
Rui: I'm glad we'll have an audience. Are we all ready?
Tsukasa: Of course we are! Without further ado...
Tsukasa: The World Hasn't Even Started Yet!
(Exit: KAITO)


2 [MUSIC] 51: The World Hasn't Even Started Yet

3 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_wonder_wl_02_2

(Enter: KAITO)
(Enter: Emu)
(Enter: Miku-WxS)
(Enter: Tsukasa)
(Enter: Nene)
(Enter: Rui)
Tsukasa: Did you all enjoy the show?!
Emu: Hehehe, I think they did☆
KAITO: That performance filled me with so much excitement!
Miku (WxS): Ooh, it did! KAITO, you're suuuper duper smiley♪
KAITO: Wait... I-Is it that noticeable?
KAITO: But I suppose... That would be because I could sense real growth from you all.
Nene: Growth?
KAITO: Yes. You surely had some painful experiences and found yourselves doubting...
KAITO: But no matter what, you keep striving to achieve your dreams. That's what lets you put on such wonderful shows.
KAITO: That was a happy thought.
Rui: KAITO...
Tsukasa: He's right.
Tsukasa: We're all dashing towards our dreams. That will never change.
Tsukasa: So we must continue to answer the question: What can we accomplish together in this moment, with this show?
Tsukasa: Our avid audience here deserves that, for one.
Nene: Yeah... You're right.
Nene: I don't ever want to take our chances to work together for granted.
Rui: Hehe. You have our promise that tomorrow's show will be ever better than today's.
Emu: We'll have you grinning ear to ear during our next show too, so I hope you're super excited☆
Tsukasa: Thank you all for your constant support! For now... Let's look forward to the day we meet again!
Tsukasa: At our next show!
Rui: Bye bye! See you. Until then.
Nene: Bye bye! See you. Until then.
Emu: Bye bye! See you. Until then.
