383 Ordinary, Yet Special Us After Show (event_171)

1 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_band_wl_02_1

(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Honami)
(Enter: Miku)
Miku: So this is where you all were.
Ichika: We've been looking at the stars and thinking about our past.
Miku: Your past?
Saki: Yeah! Like, remembering the first time the four of us got together, and what we did the first time we played!
Honami: We also reminisced about the fight we had at Saki's house.
Miku: Huh... Just for the record, what was the fight about?
Shiho: Who got to have the last bite of the snacks.
Miku: You were that desperate for another bite?
Honami: That's not it. We all insisted the others should have it.
Miku: Huh?
Saki: We decided to play rock paper scissors and have the winner eat it...
Saki: But I threw my hand out late so I could lose.
Shiho: And I called her out for cheating.
Honami: Ichika and I began to panic and tried to settle them down, but...
Ichika: They just wouldn't listen. I ended up pouting and telling them it wasn't my problem anymore.
Honami: As for me, I almost began to cry because I just didn't know what to do.
Miku: So, what happened in the end?
Saki: My brother came in, said, "Here's the root of the problem!", and ate that last bite. Then we all made up!
Ichika: Looking back on it now, it was a pretty odd fight.
Miku: I see. But it definitely sounds like you.
Miku: Still, what got you thinking about the past?
Ichika: We wanted to revisit some things.
Ichika: The times we got to spend together, and the times we didn't.
Saki: Things were really lonely when we were all separated, and it hurt a lot...
Saki: But thanks to that mysterious dream, I realized maybe it wasn't all for nothing.
Honami: It reminded us how fortunate we are to be together, and how important that is to us.
Shiho: Wish it would've rethought its approach, though.
Miku: You've all grown a bit.
Ichika: Are you sure this counts as growth?
Miku: Of course it does. That's why the tree got so much bigger.
Ichika: Good point. But still, it doesn't quite feel real...
Miku: In that case, why don't we play a song?
Miku: The song that was born from all of your feelings... With everything you can muster.
Miku: That should make it all clear.
Ichika: Let's do it, Miku!
Miku: Yeah, that's what I like to hear!
Miku: Alright everyone, here we go!
Saki: needLe!
Shiho: needLe!
Ichika: needLe!
Miku: needLe!
Honami: needLe!


2 [MUSIC] 63: needLe

3 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_band_wl_02_2

(Enter: Miku)
(Enter: Ichika)
(Enter: Saki)
(Enter: Shiho)
(Enter: Honami)
Ichika: What is this feeling?
Ichika: We've played that song so many times, but somehow... It felt so fresh and different.
Saki: Yeah, totally! It was like seeing a new side of one of your best friends!
Shiho: What's with that analogy?
Honami: Hehe. I see where she's coming from, though.
Honami: Somehow it feels like we're able to accomplish more than ever before now.
Shiho: Well, that's true.
Shiho: It's not taking all our effort just to play the song anymore, so I feel like I was able to focus more on the minute details.
Ichika: So this is what you meant about us growing, Miku.
Miku: It feels real now, right?
Ichika: It does. Thanks, Miku.
Saki: Hehehe. It's always so fun when we play together♪
Shiho: Can't argue with that.
Honami: I'd like to keep on bringing our music to even more people.
Ichika: Yeah! Let's all do our best!
Saki: Right! Whoo!
Shiho: Right! Whoo!
Honami: Right! Whoo!
