393 All Ways Jump! With You After Show (event_176)

1 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_idol_wl_02_1

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Minori: Ah... Ah... Alright, my voice is good to go!
Minori: Hup! Hah! And I'm all warmed up too! Next...
Miku (MMJ): You're so fired up, Minori!
Minori: I am! After that dream... I'm just so happy we get to perform together!
Airi: Would you calm down? Though actually, for once I'm as excited as you.
Airi: Time passed normally while we were out, but it still feels like it's been a long time.
Shizuku: I agree. I'm just itching to sing with you all.
Haruka: Let's give the best performance we can!
Minori: Yeah!
Miku (MMJ): Yeah!
Airi: Yeah!
Shizuku: Yeah!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, you guys are here!
Minori: Wow, and so many of you too!
Airi: Thank you for coming to see our show!
Shizuku: Thank you!
Haruka: We've chosen a special song to perform, so we hope you enjoy it.
Haruka: But first, we have something to tell you all about!
Minori: The thing is, we recently had a strange dream here in SEKAI!
Minori: Each of us was going down a separate path in life.
Miku (MMJ): Whether that was delivering hope in a different way from idol work...
Miku (MMJ): Or staying in the business, but struggling to make headway.
Haruka: That's right. And... It had me thinking.
Haruka: I'm so happy that I get to chase my dreams as an idol with these three.
Shizuku: Me too. Being a member of MORE MORE JUMP! and getting to both give and receive hope...
Shizuku: I was reminded how precious these things are and that we can't take them for granted.
Airi: Not only that, but we owe it all to each other, to Miku and the others...
Airi: And last but not least, to all of you who support us.
Airi: So today's performance is our way of showing you our appreciation.
Minori: We hope that sentiment comes across.
Haruka: Thank you! We're performing the very first song that we sang together.
Minori: We're gonna give it our all! Here we go: Newly Edgy Idols!


2 [MUSIC] 57: Newly Edgy Idols

3 [mc_timeline] mc_ev_idol_wl_02_2

(Enter: Minori)
(Enter: Miku-MMJ)
(Enter: Airi)
(Enter: Haruka)
(Enter: Shizuku)
Shizuku: Thank you for listening!
Airi: Could you feel what we were trying to convey?
Minori: Hehe, that's good to hear!
Miku (MMJ): Even I could feel it while we were singing. Your gratitude, your joy...
Miku (MMJ): And your unwavering wish to put more hope into the world.
Miku (MMJ): You were all shining so brightly... I felt my heart swelling with emotion.
Haruka: Miku... Thank you.
Haruka: Yes. I want to hold those feelings dear as we continue to perform.
Minori: Yeah! I want us to grow even more and spread more and more hope!
Minori: So let's keep doing on this together, forever and ever!
Shizuku: Yes!
Minori: Thank you so much for coming, everybody!
Haruka: We may face more challenges in the future, but with your support, nothing can stop us.
Haruka: So, we hope you'll keep watching us.
Airi: Hehe, thanks!
Shizuku: Well then, we'll see you at our next show. Until then!
Haruka: See you! Thank you!
Minori: See you! Thank you!
Airi: See you! Thank you!
Miku (MMJ): See you! Thank you!
