115_Kanade Yoisaki_R4 Lifelike (event_2)

Gacha phrase: I promise I'll save you.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Kanade's Room]

Kanade: It's almost time.
Kanade: Ah... She's here.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yoisaki House - Kitchen]

Honami: Hello. Am I to only clean the house for today as well?
Kanade: Yes. Please do the kitchen and living room today.
Kanade: And...do you have some time to talk after that?
Honami: Yes, I do.
Honami: We can chat over tea if you like. I brought along some flavored teas with me today, too.
Kanade: Yes, I'd like that.
Honami: Let me get started on the cleaning, then. I'll let you know once the tea is ready.
Kanade: Okay. I'll be waiting.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Kanade's Room)
Honami: Ms. Yoisaki, the tea is ready. Shall we drink it before it gets cold?
Kanade: Coming...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Yoisaki House - Kitchen)
Kanade: What a nice smell... It's a different fragrance from the one we had the last time.
Honami: Yes! I decided to go with muscat-flavored tea today. Do you like it?
Kanade: Yes. This one is delicious too.
Honami: Hehe, I'm glad you liked it.
Honami: So, you wanted to talk about something?
Kanade: Yes. I wanted to update you about the doll exhibition you gave me tickets for.
Honami: Oh... That's right. How did it go?
Kanade: It was fun. There were a lot of different dolls on display. Also...it turned out to be a great help.
Kanade: The person I was trying to help that I told you about... I invited her to join me.
Kanade: Because of that, I feel like I understand her struggles and what's on her mind better now.
Honami: Oh...
Kanade: So, even though I won't be able to help her right now, I feel like I've taken a very important first step towards that goal.
Honami: That's great, then!
Kanade: This wouldn't have happened if you hadn't given me those tickets, so...thank you.
Honami: Oh, don't mention it at all! All I did was pass you a couple of tickets I had on hand.
Honami: I'm really glad to know they came in handy.
Kanade: ...
Honami: Ms. Yoisaki? Is something the matter?
Kanade: Correct me if I'm wrong... But did you give me the tickets so that I could use them to create an opportunity to talk with my friend?
Honami: Oh...
Kanade: It's just a feeling I have.
Honami: I'm sorry for being such a busybody.
Kanade: Don't be. I'm glad I went to the exhibition.
Honami: ...
Honami: Then, I hope you don't mind me meddling one more time?
Kanade: Okay?
Honami: Please don't ever give up on your friend.
Kanade: Huh?
Honami: To tell you the truth, I was feeling a little lost myself just a while ago.
Honami: But because my friends didn't give up on me, I managed to figure things out and move ahead again.
Kanade: ...
Honami: Your friend... She may be feeling like there's no way out of whatever she's facing, but I'm confident of one thing.
Honami: Somewhere deep inside, she's waiting for that someone who will never stop trying to reach out to her.
Kanade: Okay... Thank you, Ms. Mochizuki.
Kanade: I'll keep trying. Until I can save her one day.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Diner]

Mizuki: Great work, everyone! We finally uploaded our new song!
Ena: Hang on, Mizuki, who said you could run the show?
Mizuki: Aw, what does it matter? Meeting together like this really drives home the fact that we've just finished a new song I can't help but feel happy about that♪
Ena: We literally just met up the other day, though
Kanade: Because not much time has passed since our last song.
Ena: Exactly! We've been creating quite a bit of buzz online because of that.
Mizuki: The song we uploaded previously is still receiving a lot of views, huh? The one Kanade composed with the lyrics Mafuyu wrote.
Kanade: Yes. It looks like that song is on its way to becoming the video with the most views out of N25's videos.
Mizuki: Which means Mafuyu's lyrics really struck a chord with a lot of people out there, then♪
Mafuyu: I see...
Ena: I don't understand how you can be so nonchalant about this. Did you see all those comments saying they identified with the lyrics or that it made them think deeper?
Mizuki: You read comments that aren't about your drawings, Ena? I'm impressed!
Ena: Can you shut up?
Kanade: Did you read the comments, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: I did. But I don't know how to feel about them.
Mafuyu: I'm not like you, Kanade. I don't make songs because of other people.
Kanade: I see...
Mizuki: Well, I personally enjoy reading enthusiastic comments about my video editing, I guess?
Ena: Me too. It cheers me up when I see someone complimenting my art. You've never felt like that before, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Felt like what?
Ena: You know, that someone understood the idea you were trying to convey with the lyrics...something like that?
Mafuyu: I...don't know.
Mafuyu: How did you feel about the lyrics, Kanade?
Kanade: Me?
Kanade: ...
Kanade: I felt...relieved.
Mafuyu: Why?
Kanade: Someone commented on the latest song about how they were encouraged by listening to it, despite its dark theme.
Kanade: When I saw that comment...I felt relieved.
Kanade: Because my music has hurt someone before, so...
Ena: Kanade...
Mizuki: I see...
Mizuki: Very good! Clearly, everyone has their own way of interpreting the comments we received!
Mizuki: What about you, Mafuyu? Managed to grasp anything?
Mafuyu: I...
Mafuyu: I still don't know.
Kanade: It's okay. Take your time to keep looking.
Kanade: I think you'll gradually start realizing things as you do. Things like how you feel about the comments you read.
Mafuyu: ...
Kanade: I won't give up until you find it, too. So let's look for it together.
Kanade: Oh...
Mizuki: Your stomach just growled, didn't it?
Kanade: I think I haven't eaten anything yet today.
Ena: What? Again?
Ena: I know you're concerned about helping Mafuyu get back on her feet, but show some concern for yourself too, okay?
Kanade: Okay...
Mizuki: Hey! The fries are here! Let's dig in together♪
Kanade: Yes. Thank you. Let's eat.
(Black cut)
