294_Kanade Yoisaki_R3 The World Shown Through Music (event_36)

Gacha phrase: It's so bright...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Mizuki: Man, the Fan Festival was so much fun♪
Ena: You were probably the most excited person there, Mizuki.
Mizuki: I mean, it was kinda hard to believe how good everyone was!
Mizuki: And the amateur division was just one surprise after another! Not only that, all these friends of friends ended up performing too!
Mafuyu: Were you ever not surprised today...?
Kanade: Hehe. But I think I understand what Mizuki's trying to say.
Kanade: That one girl's performance almost sounded professional. When she sang that song from that one musical, you know?
Mizuki: Yeah, totally! She stayed in character the entire time too...!
Mizuki: I mean, seriously, I had a hard time believing what I was seeing.
Ena: Yeah, she was pretty good.
Ena: I didn't realize that the song she sang was a Miku song either until today.
Mizuki: She's gotta be in a theatre company or troupe, right? She seemed completely used to performing on stage.
Mizuki: “Amateur” officially, but basically pro quality, you know?
Ena: Yeah, exactly. Also, remember that really cute girl who sang that super cool song?
Ena: The second she started singing, she kinda just had the audience completely stunned...!
Kanade: Oh, I remember. Her ability alone seemed to turn the entire venue on its head.
Kanade: I can only remember what she sounded like, but she sounded like a seasoned veteran too.
Ena: Wow! I'm not really an expert when it comes to music, but that's pretty big coming from you, Kanade!
Mizuki: Was there anyone you liked, Kanade?
Kanade: Me? Well, the people you just mentioned, Hanasato and...
Kanade: Oh, right...
Kanade: I sort of remember one performer who didn't sound too used to performing on stage, but knew how to show what they were feeling.
Mizuki: Really? Hehe. That must mean you really enjoyed yourself today♪
Kanade: I did.
Mizuki: Minori really shined today too. She seemed so pure and delicate, but really powerful at the same time!
Ena: Yeah. It's hard not to root for her, you know?
Mizuki: Oh, what if we made a song like that next?
Ena: Huh? It wouldn't sound anything like our other songs.
Mizuki: But you never know! It could help save someone somewhere out there!
Kanade: An idol song...?
Mafuyu: Are you going to...?
Kanade: That may be up to you, Mafuyu...
Kanade: Which song or performance left the biggest impression on you today?
Mafuyu: None in particular...
Kanade: I see...
Kanade: For now, I'll keep that genre in the back of my mind.
Mizuki: Yeah, okay. I guess it is still your goal to compose a song that can save Mafuyu.
Kanade: I did.
Kanade: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: (I'm sure there are some people out there who can be saved by happy and upbeat music like that.)
Kanade: (Even I felt a little excited after that performance...)
Kanade: (I'll need to make some adjustments to that song when I get home.)
Kanade: (I should be able to improve on it quite a bit after today.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Kanade's Room]

Kanade: <Okay...>
(Background change)
Ena: <Is it ready...?>
Kanade: <Yes. I even added in some of Yuki's lyrics as a test.>
Ena: <Oh, you mean the ones she wrote while she was out with the cold?>
(Background change)
Mafuyu: <It's not like I was writing them while curled up in bed.>
Ena: <Ugh. I didn't mean that literally.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Haha. Enanan, relax.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Anyway, K, show us what you got!>
Kanade: <Okay, but I'd like Miku and the others to hear this too, so mind if we meet in SEKAI?>
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty SEKAI]

Miku (N25): Oh, hello...
Rin: What brings you all here today...?
Kanade: We were hoping that you'd listen to the song we're currently working on.
Luka: The song that made Mafuyu smile?
Kanade: Yes. It even includes some of Mafuyu's lyrics.
Luka: I see... In that case, let me go find MEIKO.
Kanade: Really? Thank you, Luka.
Mizuki: While we wait, wanna talk some more about the Fan Festival?
Rin: The Fan Festival?
Mizuki: Yeah! It's like a VIRTUAL SINGER appreciation event! All these performers come together to sing VIRTUAL SINGER songs♪
Miku (N25): Were you in it too...?
Ena: No way. We just went to watch.
Rin: Oh. That's pretty lame.
Mizuki: No, you don't get it! Seeing everybody perform was super fun too♪
Mizuki: Especially since our idol friend was in it. I even sort of ended up becoming her fan.
Miku (N25): ...
Mafuyu: Yes...?
Miku (N25): Did you have fun, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Not really... I didn't feel anything.
Miku (N25): I see...
Kanade: I had fun, I think...
Kanade: I hardly ever listen to idol songs, but I thought the way she sang and danced during her performance really made her shine.
Miku (N25): That's good. I'm glad.
Rin: Okay, then, why don't you compose a song like that?
Kanade: No, I doubt that I could. I'd have too much trouble coming up with that kind of melody.
Rin: Really?
Kanade: Yes. If I do learn how to someday, I may be able to give our song a bit more variety...
???: Hmm... Is there really any point in forcing yourselves to make music that you're not used to dealing with?
Luka: I mean, Mafuyu didn't feel anything from any of those performances, right?
MEIKO: But that's just a small glimpse into that particular genre. The answer could still be hidden somewhere within it, no?
Luka: Oh, so what you're saying is that they should explore these genres more and see if there are any songs that can draw a response out of Mafuyu?
Kanade: Um... Thank you for joining us, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Don't mind me... Start whenever you like.
Kanade: Okay, I'll play it now.
(Black cut)
Kanade: How was it...?
Mizuki: Great! The way it started made me think it's better than it was before!
Ena: Yeah, I like this song a lot too.
Ena: I know that the lyrics are still a work in progress, but they seem to fit in really well.
Luka: I agree. Mafuyu makes it clear how she feels.
Miku (N25): She does. This part felt so warm too...
Rin: Yeah, it wasn't bad.
Ena: Can't you just say that you liked it?
MEIKO: By the way, Mafuyu, did you manage to figure anything out...?
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: I'm not sure... But...
Mafuyu: As long as I have this song, I won't forget what I felt.
Kanade: ...!
Kanade: I see...
Mizuki: Hehe. Alright, let's do everything we can to make this our best song ever! This video's gonna be so awesome!
Mizuki: Right, Ena?
Ena: Yeah, yeah.
Ena: Just so you know, I try to draw the best illustrations I can for each video.
Mizuki: Haha. How professional of you.
Kanade: ...
Miku (N25): Kanade...
Kanade: Yes, Miku?
Miku (N25): Would you mind showing that to me when it's finished?
Kanade: Of course. I promise to make it into a good song.
Rin: I'll be looking forward to it too...
Kanade: Okay.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Kanade: (This may only be a small step forward...)
Kanade: (But a very important one for Mafuyu, as well as me...)
Kanade: (I need to make this song a good one.)
(Black cut)
