361_Kanade Yoisaki_R4 Faintly Glowing Elpis (event_47)

Gacha phrase: Maybe I can compose a song that saves someone.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Kanade's Room]

Kanade: Hmm... My stomach won't stop grumbling. I was so close to figuring out what I want to do for our next song too...
Kanade: Oh, I almost forgot... Ms. Mochizuki made me some extra food that I just need to heat up.
Kanade: I can keep working while I eat that.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: ...
Kanade: (She cooks, cleans, brews tea and brings flowers for me... It almost feels like I'm being waited on hand and foot...)
Kanade: (She's even been saying that it's all a part of her job, and she's technically right...)
Kanade: But I want to show her my appreciation somehow.
Kanade: Oh, I know.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Yoisaki Household - Kitchen]

Honami: Hello, Ms. Yoisaki! Your housekeeper's here!
Kanade: Hello, Ms. Mochizuki. Thank you for coming again today.
Honami: It's my pleasure! I'll start by cleaning as usual. Is there anything you'd like to eat today?
Kanade: Now that you mention it... That stew you made the other day was really good, so I'd like to have that again.
Honami: I'm glad you liked it so much! That means I'll have to find a way to make it taste even better this time!
Kanade: Thank you. Oh, I also have another request...
Honami: Yes, how can I help you?
Kanade: Um... If you don't mind, could you brew the tea a little later than usual?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Kanade's Room)
Kanade: (Oh, that must be the stew. It smells so nice...)
Kanade: (As excited as I am about her stew, I'm worried about what comes after that...)
Kanade: (I should probably review what I need to do...)
Honami's Voice (Honami): Ms. Yoisaki, your food's ready.
Kanade: O-Oh, okay. I'll be right there.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Yoisaki Household - Kitchen)
Kanade: That was delicious...
Honami: You're very welcome. Again, I'm glad you like it so much.
Honami: You genuinely seem to enjoy having it each time, which makes me really happy.
Kanade: W-Was I smiling too much or something...?
Honami: No, it's not quite that.
Honami: I've been getting a little better at understanding how you feel based on your body language.
Kanade: I see. I didn't realize I was such an open book.
Honami: Hehe. Also, you mentioned that you wanted to put off tea until a little later...
Kanade: Oh, about that... I'd like to brew it myself today.
Honami: What? Are you sure, Ms. Yoisaki?
Kanade: Yes, I want to give back to you somehow since you're always here to make me this delicious food.
Kanade: But this is about the only thing I could come up with regards to what I can actually do for you...
Kanade: So please, let me brew some tea for you today.
Honami: Ms. Yoisaki...
Honami: Understood. In that case, I'd love some.
Kanade: Okay, I'll get everything ready now.
Kanade: First... Get the kettle boiling... While that goes, get the tea leaves and pot ready...
Kanade: Oh, I only have the tea you brought me, Ms. Mochizuki, but what kind of tea would you like...?
Honami: I'd like some... Earl Grey.
Kanade: Okay.
Kanade: Next... Oh, right, I need to warm up the cups, but I'm still waiting for the kettle to boil... I know. I can just add some extra water right now and...
Honami: ...
Honami: (Should I tell her that it's okay to use the water from the kettle before it boils...?)
Kanade: Now, the tea leaves... One scoop... Two... Three...
Honami: (Oh no...!)
Honami: (H-Her scoops are too big...! B-But this is Earl Grey... It should taste just right by adding in some milk...)
Kanade: Oh, the kettle's boiling. I need to warm up the cups...
Kanade: Hot...!
Honami: A-Are you okay?!
Kanade: Yes, I was caught a little off guard when some boiled over.
Kanade: All that's left is to pour it into the pot and wait for it to steep.
(Black cut)
Kanade: Now to serve them with the cups and...
Kanade: Huh...? This looks darker compared to when you make this, Ms. Mochizuki... 
Honami: (J-Just as I feared...)
Kanade: Wait... I can balance that out with a little more water...
Honami: M-Ms. Yoisaki! Why don't we have some milk tea this time?
Kanade: Huh?
Honami: Earl Grey and milk go very well together, so I recommend using that instead of hot water.
Kanade: I see. Thank you. I'll do just that.
(Black cut)
Kanade: Phew... Here you are, Ms. Mochizuki.
Honami: Oh, that smells nice. Without further ado...
Kanade: Yes, let's have a taste.
Kanade: Oh... It's been a while since I last had milk tea, but it's sweet in a very gentle way.
Honami: Hehe. There's nothing wrong with adding sugar, but it's much more subtle when prepared this way.
Kanade: Still, you're much better at this than I am. Your tea always tastes and smells so much nicer, Ms. Mochizuki.
Honami: I really appreciate your kind words, but this is actually very good.
Honami: After all, Ms. Yoisaki, this is your way of thanking me, no?
Honami: I can taste your kindness and warmth with each drop.
Kanade: You can? Thank goodness...
Honami: Yes, so thank you very much for this wonderful gift.
Kanade: You're welcome.
Kanade: And again, Ms. Mochizuki...
Kanade: Thank you for always making such incredible food for me. I'm really looking forward to having more.
Honami: Yes, of course! I'll be looking forward to that as well.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Diner]

Mizuki: Another job well done♪ Alright, let's start ordering some food!
Ena: Who made you the MC?
Mizuki: Hey, someone's gotta do it or nothing's gonna get done, am I right? Anyway, Kanade, Mafuyu, here's the menu!
Mafuyu: Thank you.
Kanade: Oh, I already know what I'm getting. I've been craving wonton noodles all day.
Mafuyu: Noodles again?
Kanade: Yes, because they're good and easy to eat. What are you going to get, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: I think I'll look for something light...
Kanade: Sure, look as much as you like.
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Alright, all our drinks are here!
Mizuki: Here's to another job well done! Cheers!
Kanade, Mafuyu & Ena: Cheers.
Ena: We're getting a lot of comments this time too. Plus, it already has a ton of views.
Mizuki: Hey, a couple of people really liked the effect I used for the chorus! Good eye, you guys!
Ena: Yeah, but credit where credit's due, the clarity I achieved with my illustration is what made your effects come to life.
Mizuki: Of course, your majesty!
Mafuyu: What's the matter, Kanade...?
Kanade: Huh?
Mafuyu: You were smiling just now.
Kanade: Oh... Just a passing thought...
Kanade: I was reminiscing a little about how we started out not knowing each others' names or faces, and comparing that to how meeting in real life like this has become a regular occurrence.
Kanade: (In hindsight, a lot really has changed...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
<Yuki> (Mafuyu): <Nice to meet you. I'm Yuki...>
Kanade: <Oh...>
Kanade: <It's nice to meet you too, Ms. Yuki... I'm K...>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: (That day, I met “Yuki” for the first time, and we started making music together...)
Kanade: (After that, “Enanan” and “Amia” joined us...)
Kanade: (Back then, we could talk to each other through Nightcord, and we didn't seem to mind not being able to put names to faces.)
Kanade: (That might've been because...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: Be honest, K, Enanan, Amia... You all want to disappear more than anyone.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: (Mafuyu was probably right. I think we did want to disappear somehow.)
Kanade: (And yet, we were able to clearly communicate with one another without knowing each others' names and faces...)
Shop Clerk: Here's your parfait with freshly picked strawberries available for a limited time only!
Ena: Oh, that's me! Wow, talk about photogenic... I bet this'll create a ton of buzz online.
Ena: Hey, Mafuyu, Mizuki, mind moving those plates for me? They're getting in my shot.
Mizuki: Sure, one sec. How's that...?
Ena: Thanks. Okay, what if I tried a low-angle shot...?
Mizuki: E-Ena, watch your elbow! You're gonna knock over your glass!
Ena: Th-That was close...! Nice save, Mizuki.
Kanade: Ena, I'll keep your drink safe over here. It should give you more space to work with too.
Ena: You will? Thanks, I really appreciate it!
Mafuyu: You're still not done, Ena...?
Ena: Just a few more...!
Ena: Alright, that looks good! Thanks, you guys!
Mizuki: Yeah, yeah, you're welcome♪
Kanade: ...
Mafuyu: Kanade...
Kanade: Hm?
Mafuyu: You're smiling again.
Kanade: Oh... Hehe. You're right.
Kanade: This may be coming way too late...
Kanade: But I hope we get to keep making music together like this...
Mizuki: Haha! And the last horse crosses the line...
Ena: But we all definitely feel the same way.
Mafuyu: And I need you to keep composing, Kanade...
Kanade: I know. I haven't forgotten our promise.
Kanade: I'm looking forward to doing more with all of you.
Mizuki & Ena: Same!
Mafuyu: Same.
(Black cut)
