398_Kanade Yoisaki_R4 When The Sound Becomes Clear (event_53)

Gacha phrase: I was told to make sure I eat right.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Kagamine Rin)

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: We talked before she went off to that art class, but she seemed really unsure about going. That kinda made me worried...
Kanade: Unsure...?
Mizuki: Yeah, I'm not sure if it's okay for me to say this right now.
Kanade: ...
Kanade: Can you tell us more about what you two talked about, Mizuki?
(Black cut)
Kanade: She doesn't think she's good enough...?
Mizuki: Yeah. She's convinced that you and Mafuyu keep finding new ways to express yourselves while she hasn't.
Rin: And she's worried that her illustrations won't be able to do your songs justice...
Mafuyu: ...
Kanade: I had a feeling that she was going through something of a slump, but I didn't realize it was this serious...
Kanade: This art class she's attending... She quit once already, right?
Mizuki: Yeah. Which is making it that much harder for her.
Mizuki: You need a lot of guts to ask someone to teach you again after leaving them.
Mizuki: To make things worse, this teacher's apparently not exactly a ray of sunshine.
Rin: Okay, can't she just go somewhere else...?
Mizuki: That's the thing. This teacher's also a really accomplished artist...
Mizuki: So much so that Ena wants to learn from studying art under them.
Kanade: ...
Rin: What's wrong, Kanade...?
Kanade: Oh, um...
Kanade: It's as if drawing for N25 is what forced her down this terrible path...
Mizuki: Wait, that's...
Mafuyu: Not the right way to look at this.
Kanade: ...
Mafuyu: At the very least, I doubt she'd ever put herself on the line in such a way...
Mizuki: I think so too. Ena's all about whether or not she can produce something that's to her liking.
Rin: Yeah, I know what you mean. That's just who she is...
Kanade: Hehe. Remember when Mafuyu was still making music as OWN here and she said she'd come to SEKAI to give her a piece of her mind?
Mizuki: Yeah! I totally froze when she jumped in and screamed, “Just knock it off already!”
Kanade: ...
Kanade: Thank you, Mafuyu. You as well, Mizuki.
Kanade: I understand now that Ena wasn't forced into a corner. She made this choice herself.
Kanade: Not fully appreciating her situation only served to belittle her.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Ena: <In my current state, I feel like I won't be able to draw anything decent for this song or anything that comes after it...>
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Kanade: (That one sentence encapsulates what Ena's going through right now.)
Kanade: Thank you for sharing this information with us, Mizuki.
Kanade: I'll be sure to apologize to her later.
Mizuki: Okay. If she does get mad, I'll be there to take my punishment too.
Mafuyu: What do you plan on doing now...?
Kanade: Support her of course.
Kanade: That won't change. We'll just have to give her some time to finish her illustration.
Kanade: But I know what she's going through now, so I want to tell her that myself...
Kanade: Also, I want to tell her that we're willing to wait for her.
Mizuki: Me too...!
Mizuki: I'll let you guys know if I hear anything more from her.
Kanade: Okay, thank you.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

[Scramble Crossing]

Kanade: It's so bright...
Kanade: (I'm glad that it's warm out, but I didn't realize that it'd be this bright out...)
???: Hey, Kanade!
Ena: We thought it was you!
Kanade: E-Ena?
Ena: Outside's the last place I expected to see you. Were you out visiting your dad?
Kanade: Yes. I was about to buy some flowers before I made my way to the hospital. What about you, Ena?
Ena: Just buying some art supplies for some practice drawings. Some of my stuff's really old now, so it's about time I replaced them.
Kanade: I see. It sounds like you're hard at work.
Ena: Not really. I'm just getting started...
Ena: Especially since I was given an earful during the last day of the workshop.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Yukihira: First, I do not understand the message you're trying to convey.
Yukihira: I cannot tell what this person's feeling is aside from having no real interest in facing their art. There seems to be no point of focus either.
Yukihira: You appear to have put quite a bit of effort into these shadows to illustrate that it's nighttime, but it has become too dark as a result. Ideas are important, but so is presentation.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Ena: ...is what I was told.
Kanade: Wow... That's worse than I initially imagined... Your teacher's very... Honest.
Ena: Yeah. At the same time, he'll tell you what he thinks is wrong and what needs fixing.
Kanade: I see...
Kanade: But he's so direct. He says all this in front of the entire class, right...?
Ena: Yeah, getting torn down like that used to bother me a lot...
Ena: But I'm done running. I'm gonna keep trying.
Kanade: Ena...
Ena: I just have to learn to see my flaws as areas of improvement.
Kanade: You're so strong...
Ena: What, me? Strong?
Kanade: Yes. You've come to accept your own flaws.
Kanade: Not only that, you're willing to listen to what others say.
Kanade: Not everyone has an easy time doing that, especially when it involves the ugly truth.
Kanade: I think that makes you an incredible person, Ena.
Ena: Thanks, Kanade...
Ena: But don't forget that you're a big part of why I was able to accept my flaws and reach this conclusion.
Kanade: Huh?
Ena: You know that I want to keep drawing, right?
Kanade: You mean illustrations for N25...?
Ena: Yeah. But I don't just want to draw. I want to produce illustrations that do the songs you and Mafuyu make justice. I want to draw what I envision in my head.
Ena: Because I really love the music and lyrics you are able to produce...
Kanade: ...
Ena: But no telling Mafuyu this, okay? She has a big enough head as it is.
Kanade: Okay, I understand.
Kanade: Ena?
Ena: Hm?
Kanade: There are times when I can't find the right notes or chords for a song's demo.
Kanade: But Mafuyu's lyrics, Mizuki's storyboards and your illustrations are sometimes able to guide me towards eureka moments.
Kanade: Like you're telling me which note to write down...
Kanade: That's why I want you to remember that we're there to help if you ever get stuck. We want to help you find the right answer.
Kanade: We're all in this together.
Ena: Kanade...!
Ena: You're right...! Thanks a ton!
Kanade: But don't try too hard, okay?
Ena: Oh? Look who's talking.
Ena: You need to take good care of yourself too, so make sure to eat right, okay?
Kanade: Okay, I will...
Ena: Sorry. I think I've kept you long enough, but I'm glad we had this chat.
Ena: See you tonight on Nightcord!
Kanade: Okay, see you then.
(Black cut)
