588_Kanade Yoisaki_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: This kind of birthday isn't half bad.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kanade's Room]

Kanade: Great... Sounds much better with those bass adjustments. It accentuates the melody while still asserting its presence.
Kanade: Now to take a closer look at the sound balance...
Kanade: Huh? A DM... It's from Mizuki.
Kanade: “It's time”...? But it's only midnight. Why...
Kanade: Oh...
Kanade: (That's right. Today is...)
Kanade: <Sorry I'm late, everyone.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <I was starting to get really worried you wouldn't show up!>
(Background change)
Ena: <Alright, here we go. One, two, three...!>
Mizuki & Ena: <Happy birthday, Kanade!>
(Background change)
Mafuyu: <Happy birthday...>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Thank you everyone, you didn't have to do this.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <No worries. We're the ones who suggested it, after all!>
Ena: <Looking forward to another year with you, K!>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Yeah, I feel the same way.>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Looking forward to another year with you too, Yuki.>
Mafuyu: <Right...>
Mafuyu: <Sorry... I need to sleep soon, so I'll be logging off.>
Kanade: <Okay. Thanks for staying up late, I know you're busy. Talk to you tomorrow.>
Mafuyu: <Talk to you tomorrow...>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Shouldn't you two get to bed on the early side, too? Didn't you say you're gonna go hang out at SpoJoy Park tomorrow...er, today?>
(Background change)
Kanade: <You're right. Once I've made it to a good stopping point, I think I'll do just that.>
Ena: <I'm afraid I'll oversleep and miss it, so I'll do that, too.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Poor, poor me is going to be stuck working, so have extra fun for my sake.>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Yeah, thanks. And good luck at work, Amia.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kanade's birthday]

[Hospital]

Nurse: Oh, hello Kanade. I see you're visiting today, too. Please take your time.
Kanade: Yes, thank you.
Kanade: Dad...
Kanade's Father: ...
Kanade: (Oh... He looks like he's sleeping really peacefully...)
Kanade: Dad... It's my birthday today.
Kanade: It's a little lonely not being able to celebrate it with you... But my friends said they would celebrate with me.
Kanade: So... I'll see you later.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[SpoJoy Park]

Minori: Here we go!
Minori: “Happy Birthday Kanade♪ Enjoy Your Day at SpoJoy,” starting now!
Ichika & Honami: Yeah!
Ena: Y-Yeah!
Kanade: Um... Enjoy Your Day at SpoJoy?
Minori: Hehe. I think it's all the naming I've been doing for segments on our stream, I just felt like putting a name on it!
Ichika: Hehe. That sounds like you.
Ichika: Oh, Kanade. Thank you for coming, I know we suggested this on pretty short notice.
Kanade: No, I'm the one who's grateful. I was happy when you suggested getting together to celebrate.
Ena: We've come here with Minori and Ichika before, but it's your first time, right Honami?
Honami: Yes. I've heard from Ichika that you had a really good time, so I'm very much looking forward to it.
Minori: Oh yeah! I saw this on the homepage, but apparently they do something special for you here if it's your birthday.
Kanade: Something special?
Minori: Yes! I'll go ask a staff member now!
Minori: Staff member, this is her!
Staff: Hello! We wish you a happy birthday today!
Staff: This is your special birthday cake hat and “Today's star” sash! Here you are!
Kanade: Huh? Whoa...!
Ena: Wow, ew...no, I mean! That sash is very... bold!
Honami: Haha... Oh, the hat is shaped like a cake, it's very cute!
Ichika: Yeah. Though it looks a bit heavy...
Staff: Okay then, time for your picture! Let's see a happy ★ peace sign!
Kanade: P-Peace...
Staff: Alright, let's have everyone join in as well! We have matching sashes and hats.
Ena: Uh, I think we're...
Ena: Uh... Okay, can I just have the hat, please...
Staff: Alright, picture time! Everybody now! Happy ★ peace!
Everyone: Peace!
(Black cut)
Kanade: That caught me off guard, but... I think the pictures they took will make for a good memory.
Ena: That's great, Kanade. Okay, should we get to exercising?
Ichika: Is there anything you and Kanade want to do?
Kanade: Hm... Since we're back, I want to try something we didn't do last time.
Minori: Then, how about that over there?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato, Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

[SpoJoy Park]

[Basketball Area]

Kanade: Basketball, huh? We didn't do it last time, so it might be nice. I don't have any confidence in my speed, though...
Ena: Same here. I've played a little for gym class, but...
Minori: Then, we'll start with dribbling! Here's a ball!
Kanade: Thank you. I'll try.
Honami: Give it your best, Ms. Yoisaki!
Kanade: Right. Um... I guess I'm only allowed to use one hand for this. There—
Kanade: Whoa! I-I only did it lightly and it bounced that much? W-Wait...
Kanade: Ah...!
Ichika: Oh... She kicked it.
Minori: N-Nice shot...?
Ena: Yeah, if this were soccer...
(Black cut)
Kanade: Huff...I finally made it back. I can't believe it rolled that far...
Ena: Haha. Nice work out there, Kanade...
Honami: Well then, let's refocus and have someone give us a demonstration! Hanasato, if you would.
Minori: Okey dokey!
Ichika: Whoa, you're so good! Minori, you can play basketball?
Minori: Hehehe. Haruka taught me some techniques once.
Ena: Oh, I see! Hey, can we see you shoot?
Minori: You got it! Here I go!
Kanade: Amazing... She reached the basket in the blink of an eye.
Ichika: And she's going straight for a shot...!
Ena: Huh...?
Honami: Um... Hanasato?
Minori: I'm sorry! I forgot how to make a shot!
Kanade: What...?
Ena: I-Is that possible?
Ichika: Hehe...
Ichika, Honami, Kanade & Ena: Hehe. Hahaha.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Bowling Area]

Minori: You almost had it, Ichika! You would've gotten a spare if the ball went just a little further to the right...
Ichika: I really hope I get a strike next time. Kanade, it's your turn.　
Kanade: R-Right...
Kanade: Here we...go...!
Ena: (It's rolling so slow! But as long as it doesn't stop...!)
Honami: (Y-You can do it! Don't stop!)
Minori: Go! Just a little further!
Kanade: Oh... It fell into the gutter right at the end.
Ichika: You'll get it next time, that was so close!
Ena: Momentum is important too, Kanade! Give it everything you've got!
Honami: Yes! You're okay as long as you don't step on the foul line, so try to throw from as close as possible!
Minori: Mhm! Keep it up, keep it up, Kanade!
Kanade: Thank you, everyone. Alright, I'll make my second throw.
Kanade: (Momentum...as close to the line as possible...)
Kanade: There...!
Ena: Oh! This looks pretty good!
Minori: Go, go!
Kanade: Oh...
Ena: You did it, Kanade! You knocked down three of the pins!
Minori: Congrats, Kanade!
Ichika & Honami: Congratulations!
Kanade: Thank you. I was finally able to reach the pins thanks to all of your advice.
Ena: Now if you can just add more momentum, shouldn't you be able to get a strike?
Honami: I agree. You still have plenty of chances, so do your best!
Kanade: Yeah.
(Black cut)
Minori: Ooh! Kanade, even your form has gotten much better!
Ena: Don't you think this could be it?!
Ichika: Ah, so close! The four pins on the left are still standing.
Honami: But now you can aim for a spare!
Ena: Go for it, Kanade!
Kanade: Right, I'll try.
Kanade: Oh...!
Ichika: You...
Ichika, Honami, Minori & Ena: You did it!!!
Ichika: It's a spare, you did it!
Honami: Congratulations, Ms. Yoisaki!
Minori: Kanade, give me five♪
Kanade: Huh? Give...?
Ena: Hehe. She wants to high five, Kanade.
Kanade: Oh... Hehe.
Minori: One, two, three!
Everyone: Yay!
Kanade: Thank you, everyone. It took two games, but I finally feel like I'm actually bowling.
Minori: Should we go for game three? You can aim for that strike next!
Ena: What do you think, Kanade?
Ena: Honestly, I'm pretty tired, but... Our scores have been getting better and all, so I'll keep going if you want to.
Kanade: Thank you. In that case, maybe I'll try pushing myself too.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000162/bg_s000162.png)
Nene: Happy birthday, Yoisaki. Hoshino invited me to join you at SpoJoy Park, but I couldn't because of our show...
Nene: But...I'd really like it if we could sit down to talk about music sometime. I want to know how you compose your songs, for one thing... And um, if you like, please do come see another one of our shows.
Minori: Happy birthday, Kanade! SpoJoy Park sure was fun. I felt so moved when we high-fived during bowling!
Minori: It doesn't have to be for a special occasion like your birthday, but feel free to invite me anytime you want to take a breather! I'll help fill you up with energy, if you don't mind my company!
Ichika: Happy birthday. Getting songwriting advice, exercising, making scented candles...
Ichika: It's been a lot of fun being able to do all kinds of things with you lately. And...I hope you don't mind me inviting you again when another opportunity comes around!
Honami: Ms. Yoisaki. I think basketball and bowling made for a nice workout. I'm sure you're tired, so I'll bring a nutritious meal that'll help you recover.
Honami: I'll keep doing my best to help you in any way I can, so I look forward to spending more time together.
Ena: I never would've thought I'd end up exercising so much on your birthday, Kanade. My arms and legs are throbbing...
Mizuki: Haha. Sounds like both of you are sore from your workout, just the way it should be♪
Ena: What do you mean “the way it should be”? I'm in pain over here, I can't even lift my arms.
Mafuyu: That's because you don't exercise regularly...
Mizuki: Exactly! For your health, we need you to eat well and exercise well! Starting with eating three meals a day, maybe?
Mafuyu: Yes, I do think it would be better to eat properly.
Ena: I feel the same about that. We want you to be able to make lots more songs, Kanade. So take better care of yourself, okay?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanade: I felt the same thing the last time I went to SpoJoy Park, too, but I guess it's possible to have a comfortable sense of exhaustion.
Kanade: Getting together with everyone to have some fun, and even high fiving each other...
Kanade: I guess spending my birthday like this isn't so bad...
Kanade: Thank you so much, everyone.
(White cut)
