656_Kanade Yoisaki_R4 She Who Brings Me Warmth (event_96)

Gacha phrase: I feel so...at ease.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Kanade Yoisaki, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Phoenix Bridal Fair Venue]

Emu: Let's see... It was somewhere around...
Emu: Oh, here it is☆ Kanade, Mizuki, over here♪
Kanade: Oh, this is the bouquet workshop...?
Mizuki: It doesn't look too crowded right now. You might actually be able to make a bouquet for Honami while she shops for souvenirs!
Kanade: *Nod*
Kanade: Otori, Mizuki, thank you both for helping me out like this so suddenly...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Mizuki: Is there anything you wanna get, Kanade?
Kanade: Oh...
Kanade: Actually, would you mind if I asked you two for a favor first...?
Kanade: I want to thank Ms. Mochizuki somehow for inviting us out today and for everything she helps me with. Do you have any suggestions?
Mizuki: Is that what you meant by a favor? Hmm... Flowers are the first thing that comes to mind for me...
Emu: Oh, there's this place where you can make a bouquet! They have staff there to help, so anyone can do it♪
Mizuki: Hey, that's perfect! And it totally goes with the bridal fair theme!
Kanade: Yes, it does... Then, I think I'll do that.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Mizuki: Don't mention it! More importantly, you should probably go register now.
Kanade: You're right.
Kanade: Um, excuse me...
(Black cut)
Staff Member: Okay, please choose whichever flowers you'd like to use from here.
Staff Member: You may also refer to this sheet if you'd like to know their names as well as what they symbolize.
Kanade: Okay, thank you very much.
Emu: Wow...! These flowers are all so pretty!
Mizuki: And it's pretty cool that they let you know what each flower symbolizes! So, Kanade, which do you wanna use?
Kanade: Well... Forget-me-nots apparently symbolize “true love”, while pink gladioli symbolize “earnest love”...
Mizuki: I guess it makes sense that a lot of these focus on love since it is a wedding bouquet. Oh, these flowers seem to be about appreciation!
Kanade: Oh, you're right. Let's see what they have...
Kanade: Wait, these...
Emu: Did you find some that you like?
Kanade: Yes, it says that these white dahlias symbolize “appreciation” and “abundant love”.
Kanade: Ms. Mochizuki brings over dahlias from time to time, so I thought she'd like seeing some familiar flowers.
Mizuki: Yeah, that's really nice♪ Also, “abundant love” goes really well with Honami's personality!
Kanade: I was also thinking about using these bluestars since they look so pretty...
Emu: Let's see... They symbolize “love and happiness”, and “believing in one another”!
Mizuki: Hey, that's perfect! You did just give each other your vows earlier today.
Mizuki: “Do you take one another as wedded spouses for better, for worse, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish from this day forth?”
Kanade: Hehe. That's right.
Emu: Kanade, what else do you wanna use? There's still lots more flowers to choose from☆
Kanade: I'm not sure. I don't know which to choose... Actually, could I ask you two for some recommendations?
Mizuki: Okay! Then, as your cupids, we shall lovingly bestow our advice upon you.
Emu: Yes, we shall.
Kanade: Hehe.
(Black cut)
Emu: Okay, you've got your flowers! Now you just gotta put your bouquet together♪
Mizuki: So, the dahlias are gonna take center stage?
Kanade: Yes, followed by the bluestars. Then...
Mizuki: Hmm... How about some roses for a little more color?
Kanade: Yes, I agree. So... L-Like this?
Emu: Oh no! The dahlias turned the other way!
Kanade: Huh? I thought I had a good grip on them...
Mizuki: Here, I'll hold the stems. They shouldn't turn or anything if I can keep them steady like this.
Emu: Then, Kanade, I'll hand you the flowers♪ Which do you want next?
Kanade: Thank you both very much... Next, I think...
Kanade: (I want them to face forward more, like this... And there's a gap here that I'll need to fill.)
Kanade: (I hope Ms. Mochizuki likes this...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Honami: Oh, that reminds me. The corner for the bouquet exhibit's supposed to be around here somewhere. I was hoping to take a look at it, so would it be okay if we went there next?
(White cut)
Honami: It must be all the fresh-cut flowers. The roses, the lilies of the valley... So many gentle fragrances all mixing together. It's very soothing.
Mizuki: Yeah, definitely! And there aren't that many people here, probably since this exhibit's way in the back. We can relax here for a bit.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Emu: What did you think, Kanade?! Did you enjoy our special show?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: (Ms. Mochizuki's such a nice person... She's so considerate that she's probably been worrying about me, even when I'm not around.)
Kanade: (Including how she invited me out for today's fair...)
Kanade: (This is so strange... On the surface, I feel sorry for causing her so much trouble. But deep down, I feel this warmth beginning to well up...)
Kanade: (It's all the more reason for me to show her my appreciation.)
(Black cut)
Mizuki: All good! Honami hasn't returned yet.
Emu: Thank goodness! All that's left is for you to give her the bouquet you made♪
Kanade: *Nod*
Kanade: (She'll be coming over to my house after this, so I'll try to give these to her at the right time there.)
Kanade: Mizuki, Otori, thank you both very much for helping me. I was able to make a very nice bouquet for her as a result.
Mizuki & Emu: You're welcome♪
Mizuki: I hope Honami really likes it.
Kanade: Me too. I'm looking forward to giving this to her.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Yoisaki Household - Kitchen]

Kanade: Ms. Mochizuki, does this look like enough rice?
Honami: Yes, thank you very much. I'll move the entrees to the table now.
Kanade: Okay, thank you.
Kanade: The stew smells nice... I can feel my appetite growing.
Honami: Me too. Also, thank you again for allowing me to stay for dinner like this...
Kanade: We did make it together after all.
Kanade: On top of that... I felt like having dinner with someone else today.
Honami: Of course. So, shall we take our seats?
Kanade & Honami: Let's eat.
Kanade: This stew's so rich... Especially considering how quickly we made it.
Honami: Hehe. Oh, Ms. Yoisaki, look... These are the carrots you cut.
Kanade: Now that I'm seeing them like this, they seem smaller than the other ingredients...
Honami: Carrots tend to maintain their shape when stewed, so I think you did a nice job by cutting them into bite-sized pieces.
Honami: And... Yes, they've soaked up quite a bit of flavor.
Kanade: Really? Thank goodness...
Kanade: This meal feels more rejuvenating than usual for some reason...
Honami: It may be that you were in need of something nutritious.
Honami: We walked quite a bit at the bridal fair, and even participated in that wedding show.
Kanade: Oh, that's true...
Kanade: I might've walked even more than the other day when I went walking with Ena.
Honami: It was such a big fair as well. We had so much fun seeing all the exhibits and such.
Kanade: Yes, and I think we learned quite a lot about dresses since Mizuki was nice enough to explain.
Honami: I agree. That was incredibly helpful.
Kanade: Mizuki seemed to have a lot of fun, so I'm glad we had an extra invitation.
Kanade: Also, Otori was a very interesting person. Is she like that at school as well?
Honami: Yes, she's always full of energy and has a talent for making the people around her smile.
Kanade: Hehe. I can see her doing that.
Kanade: She also helped come up with the idea for the show we participated in today, yes?
Honami: Yes. Wonderlands×Showtime really did come up with a fun and lively show for us.
Kanade: Although, I was surprised when I heard that we'd be dealing with a vampire...
Kanade & Honami: Hehe.
(Black cut)
Honami: Thank you. I hope I didn't overstay my welcome.
Kanade: No, it's my pleasure. If anything, thank you for staying for dinner.
Honami: The bath should be ready soon, so please rest today and give your body a chance to recover.
Kanade: I will.
Kanade: Again, thank you for inviting me. I really enjoyed what we did today.
Honami: I had a lot of fun as well. Not only that, this bouquet you gave me...
Honami: I promise to treasure it. Now, if you'll excuse me.
Kanade: Okay. See you next week.
Kanade: The bath should be ready in about five minutes. I'll go get my bath towel and all that ready now...
Kanade: Oh...
Kanade: This smells nice...
Kanade: I almost forgot. I'll try using some of those bath salts Ms. Mochizuki brought over the other day...
Kanade: I'm looking forward to seeing what's in this set.
(Black cut)
