878_Kanade Yoisaki_R4 A Cup For You (event_123)

Gacha phrase: Well, here I go...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Meeting Room]

Kanade's Voice (Kanade): So, is this the place...?
Ichika's Voice (Ichika): I think so. Minori just messaged me saying that their group just finished doing their meeting.
Minori: Oh, Kanade, Ichika, welcome! We were just getting ready for our practice tea party.
Kanade: Okay, pardon us...
Ichika: Pardon us.
Kanade: Umm... Hanasato? Momoi? Thank you both for finding a place where we can practice.
Kanade: I think I'll do better than I've done in the past, but I'm starting to wonder if I'll be able to prepare our tea properly during the actual thing...
Minori: Don't worry! That's completely understandable!
Minori: Also, since we'll be at a park, we won't be using quite the same things as here!
Airi: So, let's just do our best today to simulate the real thing!
Kanade: Okay, sounds good.
Kanade: (My initial hope was that they'd just give us a little advice, but they've gone out of their way to put together a practice tea party...)
Kanade: (That means I need to do what I can to learn how to prepare the best tea I can.)
(Black cut)
Airi: Alright, we're all set to go!
Kanade: Okay, the water's boiling, so we can start steeping the tea.
Ichika: I'll give it a try this time as well.
Minori: Hehe. This is so exciting!
Kanade: How's the teapot...? Okay, it should be warm enough.
Airi: Just put in enough tea leaves for one person for this taste test.
Airi: Also, we'll need to make the most of the water in our kettle during the day of, so we should see how our tea turns out after the hot water's cooled down a bit.
Kanade: Okay.
Kanade: So, enough tea leaves for one person...
Ichika: You'll need to steep yours for two minutes, Kanade, and mine needs four, right?
Kanade: *Nod*
Minori: Really? I didn't realize each type of tea had to be steeped for a different amount of time.
Kanade: Oh, it apparently depends on the size and length of the leaves.
Ichika: Kanade's tea leaves don't take very long to steep because they're so thin. Mine are much bigger, which means steeping them for longer.
Minori: I see!
Ichika: That reminds me, I've heard that it's much better to use glass teapots like this one.
Airi: Yeah, because they allow you to see how the color of the water changes and the way the leaves are moving.
Kanade: The way they're moving...? Oh, they're spinning around.
Airi: That's right. The tea leaves “jump” because of convection.
Minori: I've heard that before! The tea's supposed to taste better after they've spun around a lot, right?!
Minori: Go, go, tea leaves! MORE MORE JUMPING!
Airi: Hey, not so close to the table! You don't wanna ruin the groove by shaking it!
Minori: *Gasp* I'm sorry...!
Kanade & Ichika: Hehe.
(Black cut)
Kanade: It smells nice... But it tastes a little bitter...
Ichika: Then, why don't we try using less of the leaves or not steeping it for as long?
Kanade: Oh, right... We can just keep making adjustments like that.
(Black cut)
Kanade: Can you tell me what you think of this herbal tea?
Minori: Wow, it smells so nice and fresh...! This aroma makes me feel really healthy for some reason!
Airi: And it tastes great! You can definitely stick to whatever you just did.
Kanade: Thank goodness...
(Black cut)
Kanade: Momoi, Hanasato... Thank you for tasting everything for us.
Ichika: We feel much better about our tea party now.
Airi: I'm glad we could help.
Minori: Yeah, so let's make this tea party a great one!
Kanade & Ichika: Yes. Let's!
Airi: Now, as much as I hate to say this, it's time to start cleaning everything up.
Kanade: Right.
Kanade: Oh, actually, before I forget...
Minori: Before you forget what, Kanade?
Kanade: Umm... I bought some cookies to go with our tea.
Kanade: But I'd completely forgotten about them until now because I was so nervous...
Airi: You bought cookies?!
Airi: Then, let's have them now! We still have a bit of tea left.
Minori: Can we, Kanade? I was actually just starting to get a little hungry!
Kanade: Yes, of course. Would you like some as well, Hoshino...?
Ichika: Yes, thank you!
Airi: Mmm... Tea and sweets. What more can you ask for?
Minori: Yeah, these are so yummy!
Kanade: (I'm so glad we got a chance to practice for our tea party.)
Kanade: (And I want to do my best for everyone when this happens for real.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Kanade's Room]

Kanade: Mafuyu, I tried changing the feel of the intro a bit. Would you mind listening to it for me?
Mafuyu: Okay, I'll—
Kanade: Oh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yoisaki Household - Kitchen]

Kanade: Welcome, Ms. Mochizuki.
Honami: Thank you for having me over again today.
Kanade: No, thank you for coming.
Kanade: Oh, that reminds me. I made some tea but left the cups and teapot out.
Honami: That's okay. I can wash them and put them away for you.
Kanade: Thank you...
Honami: Hehe. I was wondering what that nice fragrance was. So you made a herbal tea?
Kanade: Yes, I had some leaves left over from the party.
Kanade: Oh, but Mafuyu was the one who made it today.
Mafuyu: It's the least I could do since you put on the party.
Kanade: No, you don't have to repay me for—
Mafuyu: Also, you still worried me when I was watching you.
Kanade: Huh? Really...?
Kanade: But I feel like I can do it on my own now after practicing so much.
Mafuyu: Yes, you have gotten better.
Mafuyu: Especially compared to when you first tried making tea. You were wandering around with cups and a teapot in your hands.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Kanade: Let's see... How does Ms. Mochizuki usually prepare tea?
Kanade: Start by putting a kettle on...
Kanade: Wait, I think she warms up the cups with hot water... That means I have to boil some water first and...
Mafuyu: Kanade, why don't you put those cups down for now? You might drop them.
Kanade: Huh? Oh, right.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Kanade: Yes, I remember...
Kanade: Now that you mention it, when I tried to make tea with Ms. Mochizuki, I ended up putting in too many tea leaves because I wasn't sure what the right amount was. And the tea turned out so strong.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Kanade: Huh...? This looks darker compared to when you make this, Ms. Mochizuki...
Kanade: Wait... I can balance that out with a little more water...
Honami: M-Ms. Yoisaki! Why don't we have some milk tea this time?
Honami: Milk goes very well with Earl Grey, so I recommend diluting the tea with that instead of hot water.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: Hehe. I thought the tea we had that time was very good.
Kanade: Thank goodness you suggested that we should have milk tea instead, Ms. Mochizuki.
Kanade: I also found a website that mentioned how you should use milk for certain types of tea and hot water for others...
Honami: It sounds like you did quite a lot of research in preparation for our tea party...
Honami: Thank you again for inviting me to it. I had a wonderful time.
Honami: And the tea you made was delicious.
Mafuyu: It smelled nice.
Kanade: I'm glad you had such a good time.
Honami: That reminds me... I had some of that tea from the party with my family.
Honami: My mom enjoyed it so much that she ended up making more for me and herself this morning.
Kanade: Really...?
Honami: Really! She even talked about adding in some cinnamon and trying a couple of other variations.
Kanade: (My initial hope was that everyone would have a somewhat enjoyable time at our party...)
Kanade: (But I wasn't expecting it to have such a lasting effect like this.)
Kanade: (And Mafuyu also seemed to enjoy herself.)
Kanade: (So I'm glad we decided to hold that tea party.)
(Black cut)
