974_Kanade Yoisaki_R4 Mouthpiece Challenge! (event_139)

Gacha phrase: Wait, huh...? N-Nothing's happening...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Kanade's Room]

Kanade: Phew... Quite a lot happened today.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Boy: I'm really sorry... I didn't mean to cause you two so much trouble.
(White cut)
Boy: But I'm always having trouble, and making weird sounds. Because of that, I end up getting left out of performances...
Boy: I got so jealous...And frustrated. I started wondering why I'm so bad and they're so good...
(White cut)
Toya: If keeping a steady tone would be enough, I may be able to teach you.
(White cut)
Toya: If any part of you still wishes to produce beautiful music, then I implore you to not give up here.
Toya: Because you will be able to... Someday.
(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: Beautiful music...
Kanade: (To me, the performance Dad put on for us that day falls into that category.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: Figuring out how to produce sounds the way he wanted wasn't easy...
Kanade: But I'm so glad that he didn't give up on playing the trumpet.
Kanade: (And he seemed so relieved by the time we said goodbye to each other.)
Kanade: (Like he'd found something he'd lost, and been searching ages for...)
Kanade: I feel a good melody coming together.
Kanade: (This might be a bit too cheerful to be used for an N25 song...)
Kanade: (But it still sort of fits us as a group. It might even help me with our next song.)
Kanade: No, this sounds too pop... I should probably lower the tempo a little, and the overall tone...
Kanade: It doesn't need to sound hip or trendy. I want it to feel pure, a bit juvenile and capture a hint of uncertainty. Also...
Mafuyu: Kanade, what should we do for dinner?
Mafuyu: Oh, you're already working...
(Black cut)
Kanade: It's coming along pretty well, but...
Kanade: (This song's a bit more invigorating than our usual ones.)
Kanade: (But it's enough for a rough demo, so I think I'll stop here for now...)
Mafuyu: Kanade, dinner's ready.
Kanade: Huh? You made dinner all by yourself, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: You were so focused on what you were doing that you didn't hear anything I said earlier.
Kanade: Oh... I'm sorry for not noticing.
Mafuyu: Were you working on our next song?
Kanade: No. Remember the boy we met today? I was composing a song based on him.
Kanade: Would you like to hear it? Here, use my headphones.
Mafuyu: Okay...
Kanade: A good melody sort of started coming together in my head, so I worked on it a little. Unfortunately, we probably won't be able to use it for an N25 song.
Mafuyu: ... Light...
Kanade: Huh?
Mafuyu: It's like he was able to find the light he'd been searching for, and he's embracing it tightly so as to not lose it.
Kanade: If that's what you heard, Mafuyu, then I guess that means I was able to turn my mental image into music.
Kanade: (Having that mental image is so vital...)
Kanade: (I doubt I would've been able to come up with this melody if that boy hadn't smiled the way he did at the end before we left.)
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: Thank you for showing this to me.
Kanade: You're welcome.
Kanade: Oh, also, you said that dinner's ready...?
Mafuyu: I heated up some of that braised fish.
Kanade: Thank you. Then, let's go eat.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Main Street]

Mizuki: Our after-party this time around was really fun♪ Especially because they were having that cake fair. We got to try so many different types!
Kanade: Their mini cake platter was pretty incredible. Each one was only bite-sized, but they were stacked into a pyramid.
Ena: Yeah! It was super photogenic, so I'm really glad we took the dive and ordered it.
Mafuyu: Oh... There's a crowd gathered over there.
Kanade: You're right. I also thought I heard someone ring a bell just now.
Staff Member: We're holding a drawing to celebrate our grand reopening! Show us your receipt and you'll receive a number of attempts based on the total!
Mizuki: Oh, right. That building was under construction for a really long time.
Ena: Yeah, it used to be mostly restaurants and stuff. But now, it looks like it's all apparel shops.
Kanade: Oh, I didn't know that...
Ena: Still, do those receipt lotteries usually draw that big a crowd?
Mizuki: Not sure, but you two won your tickets for Shibuya Instrument Day through one of these, right, Kanade?
Kanade: Yes, but we didn't go shopping with it in mind. We just happened to come across it on our way out.
Ena: I mean, that's pretty normal. Unless they have something really good up for grabs.
Ena: Hey...!
Mizuki: E-Ena?!
Mizuki: Why'd you start running like that all of a sudden?
Ena: Take a look at what the second-place prize is!
Kanade: Let's see... A pair of tickets to have the full course at Eden Fruit Parlor?
Ena: My mom and I talked about how great it'd be to go here even just once in our lives.
Ena: Their full course is so popular that they're always booked up a year in advance.
Kanade: What? A whole year?
Staff Member: Oh, are you interested in the tickets to Eden?
Staff Member: The winner of these will be allowed to make a special reservation during the next three months.
Ena: What?! That's amazing!
Mizuki: Whoa, hook, line and sinker.
Mafuyu: Weren't you just saying that these drawings don't do a good job of attracting customers?
Kanade: Haha...
Ena: Hey, since we're here, why don't we have a look around? I gotta work off all the cake I just ate.
Mizuki: Yeah, we get it. You wanna buy enough stuff to get a chance at those tickets, right?
Kanade: What do you think, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: I don't mind either way. But the odds of you winning those tickets are low.
Ena: Hey, don't rain on my parade before it's had a chance to even begin!
Ena: Seriously... Just you wait! I'm gonna win them!
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Staff Member: Okay, based on the total on your receipt, you qualify for two attempts!
Ena: Parlor! Parlor! Parlor...!
Staff Member: Alright, we have...! White! The consolation prize, a coupon for one of our shops!
Ena: Grr...!
Mizuki: Yeah, I get that this is their last day, but that doesn't make it any easier to win their second prize.
Kanade: But she still has one attempt left.
Ena: ...
Ena: You won those tickets to Shibuya Instrument Day, right, Kanade? Gimme a hand here.
Kanade: Huh? Like this...?
Kanade: Whoa...! E-Ena?
Ena: I wanna win those tickets, so share some of your luck with me, Kanade!
Kanade: O-Okay...
Mizuki: Share some of her luck with you? Life would be a lot nicer if all it took to share good luck was holding hands.
Ena: Just shut up and watch, will you?
Staff Member: Okay, please make your final spin.
Kanade: (The blue ball is the one for second prize.)
Kanade & Mizuki: *Gasp*
Ena: Th...!
Ena: That's the one...!
Staff Member: Congratulations! You've won our second-place prize! A pair of tickets to have the full course at Eden Fruit Parlor!
Mafuyu: Her luck ploy actually worked.
Mizuki: Y-Yeah.
Mizuki: Okay, Kanade, the next time I enter into a ticket lottery for an event, you gotta let me hold your hand.
Kanade: Haha...
Ena: Kanade!
Ena: Thank you so much! Now I can go like I've been dreaming!
Kanade: I don't know how much I actually helped, but congratulations, Ena.
Ena: Are you kidding? You played a huge role. In return, I'm gonna bring back lots of treats for you!
Kanade: Hehe. Then, I'll be looking forward to seeing what you bring back. I hope you enjoy yourself.
(Black cut)
