1015_Kanade Yoisaki_R2 We're Forgetting Something (event_145)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kanade's Room]

Kanade: <Then, I'll upload it now.>
(Background change)
Ena & Mizuki: <Okay.> <Okay!>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Alright, it's up...>
Mafuyu: <It already has a few views...>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Those people must be the ones who watch it immediately after receiving an upload notification.>
(Background change)
Ena: <I guess there really are people waiting for us to release new videos.>
(Background change)
Kanade: <It seems that way...>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanade: <I know it's a little early, but why don't we call things here today since there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with the upload.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Okay! So, what's our next song gonna be like?>
Kanade: <Sorry, I'm still working on the demo for it. Please feel free to take tomorrow and the day after off if you like.>
Mizuki: <In other words, it'll be ready the day after tomorrow♪ I can't wait!>
(Background change)
Ena: <Me neither. In the meantime, I guess I'll try working on some personal stuff.>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Yes, please do. I'll let you know if anything comes up.>
(Background change)
Mafuyu: <See you...>
(Background change)
Ena: <See you later.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Later!>
(Background change)
Kanade: Phew... Thank you for all your hard work, Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: *Nod* Are you going to keep working after this, Kanade?
Kanade: Yes, since I'd like to have a rough demo done tomorrow.
Kanade: (Mafuyu seems really at ease whenever we're all working together. So, I should probably try to finish this as soon as I can...)
Kanade: (If I can have this ready by tomorrow afternoon, the others can listen to it and...)
Kanade: Huh...?
Mafuyu: What's wrong...?
Kanade: Oh, umm... I was thinking about our next song, but I feel like I'm forgetting something.
Mafuyu: Us throwing an after-party...?
Kanade: Oh, yes. That might be it...
Kanade: I guess I forgot since Mizuki or Ena are the ones who usually bring it up.
Kanade: Actually, it is a little strange how neither of them have brought it up yet.
Mafuyu: I'm sure they're busy, since there's less than one week left before Kamiyama High's school festival...
Kanade: Oh, I also forgot about that...
Kanade: So... What should we do about our after-party...?
Mafuyu: We can throw one or not. I don't mind either way...
Mafuyu: But they both seem to still be on Nightcord, so why not try asking them?
Mafuyu: I'd rather not have them come back and ask, “Why didn't either of you say anything?”
Kanade: They are always looking forward to our after-parties.
Kanade: Umm...
Kanade: <Sorry, but we forgot to talk about our after-party. What should we do?>
Kanade: Now we just need to wait for them to respond...
Mafuyu: I think they're back on call, Kanade...
Kanade: Huh? Oh, you're right... Let's see... Where'd the call button go...?
Kanade: <Enanan? Amia? Sorry for making you two come back.>
(Background change)
Ena: <No, I'm also sorry. I totally forgot about our after-party because I've been so busy with my assignments for art class.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <And I forgot because of the school festival.>
(Background change)
Kanade: <That's less than one week away, yes? If you're both too busy, then we don't have to throw one...>
(Background change)
Ena: <No, we have to throw one! It's one of the few times we get to talk in person!>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Haha! See how fast she jumped on that?>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <But I agree. I wanna throw one too, especially since K doesn't get out much otherwise.>
(Background change)
Mafuyu: <Right...>
(Background change)
Kanade: <I don't think that should be much of a consideration... But anyway, we'll be throwing an after-party as always.>
Kanade: <Still, it's getting pretty late. Why don't we pick this up again when we're listening to the new demo?>
(Background change)
Ena: <Okay.>
Mizuki: <Good luck, K.>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Thank you. Anyway, we'll see you later.>
Kanade: Phew... I fear that I'm going to forget about our after-party while working on this demo.
Mafuyu: I'll remind you about it if you do.
Kanade: Thank you. I'd really appreciate that.
Kanade: Anyway, I need to get working on our new song.
Kanade: (For Mafuyu's sake... And for the sake of everyone who looks forward to our videos.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Nene Kusanagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - School Festival]

Ena: We need to start heading over to Class 3-C soon, right?
Mizuki: Yeah. We'll want good seats for Tsukasa and his class's show, so let's go now!
Mizuki: Would that be alright, Kanade, Mafuyu?
Kanade: Yes, that's fine.
Kanade: Still, I was really impressed by what Kusanagi and her class did...
Kanade: You really were able to try on all the costumes and outfits you wanted.
Mafuyu: Some people decided to dress as hot dogs and bowling pins while we were there.
Ena: Oh yeah, those... I never would've tried them on since they looked totally ludicrous.
Mizuki: But they also had some really photogenic cosplay outfits. Like the twelve-layered kimono you tried on, Kanade!
Kanade: You really startled me when you first asked if I wanted to try it on, Mizuki.
Ena: At first glance, it looked gorgeous enough to be the real deal. But it was just designed to look like there were twelve layers, right?
Mizuki: Exactly! It's also super easy to change into thanks to the magic of hook-and-loop fasteners♪
Mizuki: I knew you'd look amazing in it, Kanade, since you have such long hair. I've gotta give myself a pat on the back for this one!
Mafuyu: I know it was a cosplay outfit, but it still looked fairly heavy...
Kanade: It was... Once I had it on, I couldn't really move freely.
Ena: I feel like you were barely able to stay standing. I remember your legs wobbling a bit while we were taking pictures.
Kanade: If a cosplay outfit is that heavy, then I can't even begin to imagine what people back then had to endure.
Ena: That reminds me, didn't Mizuki find a dress for you to wear too, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Oh, the long dress with an Asian feel to it? I was asked to try it on, so I did...
Mizuki: And that wasn't a cosplay outfit. It was a real-life party gown.
Mizuki: But despite the high-class and grown-up aura it exuded, you totally pulled it off, Mafuyu.
Kanade: Yes, Kusanagi and the others also seemed stunned when they saw you in it.
Mafuyu: I feel like they were exaggerating...
Ena: Oh, what did you all think of that traditional maid dress I wore? It was cute, right?
Mizuki: Yeah, that did look really good on you...
Mizuki: But it also feels like cheating, you know? It sorta didn't feel natural.
Ena: So what? I thought the whole point was to dress up and have fun.
Kanade: You might've had the most fun out of all of us, Ena. You even had Mizuki take all those pictures of you.
Mizuki: Don't get me started. Taking shots from all those angles wasn't easy.
Ena: Hey, don't forget that we all wore those weird dinosaur costumes afterwards like you asked.
Mafuyu: Yes, we all dressed up as T-Rexes.
Kanade: They were relatively easy to put on. All you had to do was step in, zip up the back and inflate it...
Mafuyu: But is there a reason you wanted us to wear those, Mizuki...?
Mizuki: Well... Obviously, because I thought all four of us wearing them would make for a really stunning pic.
Mizuki: Plus, I kinda doubt we'll ever find another chance to do that.
Kanade: True...
Mafuyu: Come to think of it, Kanade, your T-Rex was shorter than ours for some reason.
Mafuyu: Weren't we all given adult-sized costumes initially?
Kanade: So... Remember the window in the chest that allowed the wearer to see out of it...?
Kanade: My face could only reach about halfway up.
Mizuki: Yeah, and it would've been a shame if we couldn't really see her face in the picture.
Mizuki: I figured the children's version would fit better and asked her to try that on.
Kanade: Unfortunately, the hole for that one was too low, so I had to hunch over...
Mizuki: Haha.
Kanade: (This feels kind of surreal...)
Kanade: (I never imagined myself going to a school festival with other people.)
Kanade: (But...)
Kanade: (Everyone seems to be enjoying themselves, so it could be fun to do more things like this every now and again...)
(Black cut)
