1042_Kanade Yoisaki_R3 In The Dark (event_150)

Gacha phrase: I wonder what Mizuki is doing right now.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Empty SEKAI]

Kanade: Okay, I think we all know where we'll be looking tomorrow.
Ena: Yeah...
Ena: Thanks, everyone.
Kanade: Let's find Mizuki. Together.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kanade's Room]

Kanade: Oh, here... It's this sewing lounge.
Kanade: You'd probably pass through Main Street to get there from the station, so I should keep an eye out for Mizuki on my way over...
Mafuyu: I've finished doing my homework, so I'm free to work now. What are your plans...?
Kanade: Oh, I just found where I'll be going tomorrow, so I think I'll start working too.
Kanade: ...
Mafuyu: Kanade? Is something wrong...?
Kanade: No, it's just... I was wondering what Mizuki is doing right now.
Kanade: Between having to deal with supplementary classes and such, nothing seemed all that strange when we got that message saying, “I won't be able to work for a while”...
Mafuyu: I was under the same impression initially.
Mafuyu: But Ena's also been acting a little strange lately.
Kanade: Right. In hindsight, there were a lot of clues that I could've picked up on.
Kanade: Including the other day when...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Kanade: <It would've been nice to see this as a music video, but Amia seems very busy. We'll just have to go with a still frame this time around...>
Mafuyu: <Okay.>
Kanade: <Still, it's strange to not see or hear from Amia for so long. We talk almost every day, so things feel a little emptier than usual.>
(Background change)
Ena: <Oh...>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Is something wrong, Enanan?>
(Background change)
Ena: <Huh?>
(Background change)
Kanade: <It sounded like you were trying to say something just now...>
Ena: <Oh, sorry. It's nothing...>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: (Ena's probably been trying to figure out what to do since that time.)
Kanade: (If only I'd realized sooner...)
Kanade: Mafuyu, when did you notice that Ena was acting a little strange...?
Mafuyu: When the three of us were working on that song we uploaded the other day.
Mafuyu: Despite not being muted, she was eerily quiet. And she never gave us any concrete responses to our questions...
Mafuyu: At first, I thought she hadn't been getting enough sleep.
Kanade: Yes, since that's happened a few times before.
Mafuyu: But Ena doesn't usually hide what she's feeling in those situations.
Kanade: Oh, I think I know what you mean...
Mafuyu: And yet, when she was working on the illustration for our last song, she was quiet for most of the time. Especially after Mizuki stopped joining us.
Mafuyu: Which is why I didn't think it had anything to do with Ena not getting enough sleep or anything like that.
Mafuyu: I thought something else probably happened.
Kanade: Something involving Mizuki...?
Mafuyu: That was one guess.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ena: Thanks for doing this, you two...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: (Ena didn't tell us what happened between her and Mizuki, but...)
Kanade: (Based on the expression we saw on Ena's face, it must be very serious.)
Kanade: Mafuyu.
Kanade: We need to find Mizuki, tell Ena and give them a chance to talk.
Mafuyu: *Nod*
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Below an overpass]

Kanade: Huff... Huff...
Mafuyu: You said they're around here, MEIKO?
MEIKO (N25): <Yes, over there. Look.>
Kanade: Ena, Mizuki...
Mafuyu: Looks like they finally had a chance to talk.
Kanade: *Nod*
Kanade: But we should give them some space for now.
Kanade: MEIKO, would you mind being with them for a little while longer?
Kanade: Miku and the others are probably worried, so we can go over to SEKAI to tell them what's happening. We'll be waiting for you over there.
MEIKO (N25): <Okay.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty SEKAI]

Kanade: Oh, MEIKO.
Rin (N25): Where are Ena and Mizuki...?
MEIKO (N25): They'll be here in a little bit.
Miku (N25): It's been so long since we last saw Mizuki.
Len (N25): Yeah... So, um... What are we allowed to say?
MEIKO (N25): About that... First, I'd like for us to hear what Mizuki has to say.
MEIKO (N25): I have a feeling it's very important.
KAITO (N25): They're here.
Kanade: Welcome back, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Thanks...
Mizuki: Also... Um...
Mizuki: There's something I need to tell all of you.
Mizuki: Something you guys have to hear...
Mizuki: Something I've been wanting to say.
(Black cut)
Kanade: I see.
Mizuki: I'm sorry for not telling you guys until now.
Mizuki: I should've done this sooner. I was meaning to...
Mafuyu: You don't need to apologize.
Kanade: I agree. It's also our fault for not realizing how much this was weighing on you...
Mizuki: No, it's all my fault for not saying anything...
Mizuki: Oh...
Kanade: Mizuki.
Kanade: No matter what happens, in our eyes, you're you.
Mizuki: ...!
Kanade: So, thank you for being so brave.
Kanade: And thank you for telling us.
Mizuki: ...
Miku (N25): I'm also glad that you told us.
Mizuki: You guys...
Ena: See? Didn't I say that it'd all work out in the end?
Mizuki: Yeah...
Kanade: Mizuki.
Kanade: Again, it's wonderful to have you back with us like this.
Kanade: And don't hesitate to ask us for help in the future if you ever need it.
Kanade: You're a valued member of N25.
Kanade: So if something is causing you trouble or to suffer, then we want to be there for you.
Kanade: Because it hurts us too when it feels like there's nothing we can do.
Mizuki: Oh...
Kanade: So, please don't be afraid to tell us.
Mafuyu: Mizuki.
Mizuki: Huh...?
Mafuyu: I look forward to having you around again.
Mizuki: Oh...
Mizuki: Yeah, same here.
Mizuki: Also...
Mizuki: It's great to be back!
(Black cut)
