1109_Kanade Yoisaki_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Gacha phrase: I never thought my birthday could be so lively.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Empty SEKAI]

Kanade: Thanks for listening to the demo, everyone. I'll make sure to keep your feedback in mind.
Miku   (Miku-N25): You're welcome. I'm looking forward to the finished song.
Mafuyu: Are we going back now?
Ena: What, already? But we've barely had a chance to talk to Miku and everyone.
Mizuki: Yeah! I wanna chat some more first!
Kanade: I don't mind, but what do you want to talk about?
Mizuki: About... Lots of things! Right, Ena?
Ena: I didn't have anything specific in mind...
Miku   (Miku-N25): Oh... I have something I want to ask you, Kanade.
Kanade: Ask me...?
Miku   (Miku-N25): Yes...
Miku   (Miku-N25): Your birthday is coming up. I was wondering what you'll do to celebrate...
Kanade: Huh? My birthday...
Kanade: I don't have any plans right now. It's a whole two weeks from now, after all.
Miku   (Miku-N25): I see...
Ena: Hey, Mizuki, Mafuyu. Why don't we talk about that thing?
Mizuki: Yeah, let's!
Kanade: What thing?
Ena: So, we were looking around for a place to hold your birthday party, and we found a cafe that looks great.
Mafuyu: The cafe serves a special cake, and if you tell them it's for a birthday, they add on some extras.
Kanade: Wow...
Mizuki: They've even been featured on TV, and it's great how they make every single cake to order!
Mizuki: So, let's have a party there! We should still be able to make a reservation, too.
Kanade: You three were doing all that for me? I didn't even realize.
Kanade: That sounds great, then. Let's do it.
Mizuki: Yay! Thanks, Kanade!
Ena: We're going to throw you a great party! Look forward to it!
Kanade: Okay. Thank you both so much.
Kanade: And thank you too, Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: ...
Rin (N25): Now you have plans.
Kanade: I didn't expect anyone to already be planning things. It's two whole weeks away, after all.
Mizuki: What?! How do you think we feel on the planning side? It's more like, “we only have two weeks left!”
Kanade: Oh, really...?
Kanade: Have you all been working on this for a while, then?
Ena: Um... We started looking for a place once things calmed down after New Year's, so it's been...about a month?
Mafuyu: That's right. Though at that point it was just scrolling through restaurant review sites during downtime...
Mafuyu: So it's been a while, but it wasn't all that much actual work.
Kanade: Still, I can't believe you thought that far in advance.
Ena: Of course we did. You're our friend, and this is your birthday we're talking about.
Mizuki: You only get one a year. We gotta make sure there's no regrets later♪
Kanade: Thanks, everyone.
Miku   (Miku-N25): Kanade... Please come visit SEKAI on your birthday too.
Len (N25): Because, um... We also want to celebrate with you...
Kanade: Got it. We'll all come by.
Miku   (Miku-N25): There's still some time before it happens, but I hope you enjoy your party with everyone.
Kanade: *Nod* Thanks.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The day of the party]

[Scramble Crossing]

Kanade: Thank you all for coming. Especially since I know you're using your days off for this.
Mizuki: Hey, don't mention it♪
Mizuki: It would've been nice to celebrate on your actual birthday, but we wouldn't have had time to hang out, with school and all!
Ena: School, that thing you're always so concerned with?
Mizuki: Hahaha! Don't mention that either♪
Kanade: So, where's the cafe we're going to?
Mafuyu: It's closer to Miyamasuzaka, so over that wa—
???: Oh, there they are! Quick, hurry!
???: Hey, be more careful! What if she sees us?!
Kanade: Huh? Was that...?
Kanade: I didn't get a good look, but I could have sworn I know them...
Mizuki: Huh, really? I didn't notice anything at all!
Ena: Yeah. If it was someone you knew, Kanade, you'd have recognized them straight away...
Kanade: Oh, maybe... I guess I imagined it?
Kanade: Hm?
Kanade: Wait, was that...
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: The light's turning green. We don't have a lot of time before our reservation.
Kanade: Oh, you're right. Let's go.
???: That was close. I thought she wouldn't notice us with all the people around...
???: It's okay, I don't think she realized. Come on, let's hurry after them.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Certain Cafe]

Kanade: So this is the cafe you found?
Ena: Yeah. It's a bit sunny, but the vibe is super relaxed. It's got a nice atmosphere to it, see?
Mizuki: And the staff wear super cute uniforms♪
Mizuki: I'm sure you'll be shocked, Kanade, so you'd better get ready!
Kanade: A-Are they really that cute?
Mizuki: Hello there! I have a table reserved under Akiyama♪
???: Right away!
Kanade: Wait, that voice...
Saki: Thank you for your reservation! Welcome to carino/carina!
Kanade: Wait...
Kanade: Tenma...?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[carino/carina]

Mizuki: See? You're shocked, right?!
Mafuyu: That Tenma is here, not at how cute the uniforms are.
Kanade: Tenma, what are you doing here? Oh, yeah... I remember you said you work at a cafe.
Saki: Hehehe, that's right. This very cafe, as you can see♪
Saki: Allow me to show you to your table! Some of your party have already arrived♪
Kanade: Wait, already arrived...?
Kanade: Oh...
Minori: Hi, Kanade! It's been a while!
Airi: Ena and Mizuki told us about your birthday party, and we jumped at the chance to tag along!
Kanade: I see... Thank you for coming.
Kanade: So you guys invited other people? I assumed it was just going to be us four, like one of our after-parties.
Ena: Hehe. So, the real reason we started planning a month in advance was so we could invite everyone.
Mizuki: Man, finding a gap in everyone's schedules was tough, but it was worth the work to get a whole bunch of people to join!
Kanade: “A whole bunch”...? Does that mean—
Ichika: Oh, Kanade! Hello there. What a coincidence, meeting you here!
Ena: Um... Sorry, we actually just got done with the whole reveal...
Ichika: O-Oh, I see! That's actually a relief. I didn't have much faith in my acting ability...
Kanade: Does that mean you're here to see me, too?
Ichika: Yes! Asahina reached out to us.
Honami: Thank you for the kind invitation, Asahina.
Mafuyu: You're very welcome. I figured you two would want to give your birthday wishes to her in person.
Saki: Okay, everyone, if you take your seats I'll get your drink orders in! Then it'll be time for cake!
Emu: Okay♪
Nene: Um, hello...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanade: I can hardly believe so many people are here for my birthday...
Mafuyu: In truth, we almost had three more.
Kanade: Three more?
Mafuyu: Shiraishi and Aoyagi, plus Azusawa. But they're on their trip to the United States with Ena's brother.
Mizuki: It's too bad, huh? Still, they said they wanted to give you their well-wishes, so they'll probably message you soon.
Saki: Sorry for the wait! Here's our specialty cake... Birthday edition!
Kanade: Wow, th-there's sparklers in it...
Saki: That's right! They're special celebratory sparklers♪
Saki: Now, our specialty cake is already bigger than the other cakes we sell, but...!
Saki: Would you believe it? The birthday edition has 1.5 times as much frosting and fruit as an extra bonus!
Airi: Look at that! It reminds me of a certain Mount Everest.
Ena: Kanade. It's time to blow out the candles.
Kanade: Okay.
Kanade: *Blow* Wait, the ones at the back didn't go out...
Nene: Just a little more...!
Minori: You can do it, Kanade!
Kanade: *Blow* Oh, I got them all.
Mizuki: Yay♪ Happy birthday, Kanade!
Airi, Minori, Emu, Mafuyu & Ena: Happy birthday!
Ichika, Nene, Saki & Honami: Happy birthday!
Kanade: Thanks, everyone.
Kanade: (I've had people celebrate my birthday before, but...)
Saki: Okay, I'll go and have them cut the cake!
Kanade: Ah... You're on the clock, Tenma. Does that mean you can't have cake with us?
Saki: About that... I sure can! Everyone made sure the party timing lined up with the end of my shift.
Saki: Once I get the cake cut, I'll clock out, change out of my uniform, and come right back♪
Kanade: Oh, that's good... Thanks for doing all this.
Saki: Think nothing of it! I'm really happy I was able to help with the party!
Saki: And our cake is super delish, so make sure you have a lot!
Kanade: I will. Really, thank you.
Kanade: (I never thought it could be so lively.)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000410/bg_s000410.webp)
Toya: Happy birthday, Yoisaki.
Kohane & An: Happy birthday!
Toya: Akiyama seemed quite excited for it, so I'm sure you've had a wonderful birthday already. Please let us extend our best wishes, as well.
An: It's too bad we couldn't be there for the party, but we'll bring you back plenty of souvenirs from the US!
Kohane: I'll be sure to send you pictures of the buildings and scenery we've seen, too.
Saki: I know I already said it once, but happy birthday, Kanade!
Saki: Hehehe, it made me really happy to host your party at the cafe where I work♪
Minori: Yeah! I knew I had to be there the moment I heard about the venue, so I'm glad I was able to join!
Airi: Me too. And Ena and the others said they really wanted it to be a lively party, so I'm glad we could make that happen.
Airi: For them, and for you, Yoisaki! Happy birthday!
Minori: And from me too! Happy birthday, Kanade!
Ichika: Happy birthday, Kanade! I'm so glad we got to celebrate with you.
Honami: Ichika's been in a chipper mood ever since Asahina invited us.
Ichika: H-Huh? I have...?
Nene: You have. You sounded really excited when you told me about it, too.
Emu: Hehehe, who wouldn't be excited to celebrate a friend's birthday! Of course she'd be all chipper and cheery☆
Ichika: I'm getting a little embarrassed...
Honami: Hehe. Happy birthday, Ms. Yoisaki. I'm always happy to be of help.
Mizuki: Okay, here we go! One, two, three!
Ena, Mizuki & Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Kanade. Happy birthday, Kanade!
Mafuyu: You talked a lot today, Kanade. And not even about music or our work.
Mizuki: Hahaha! Everyone really wanted to talk to you, after all!
Ena: You looked like you were having a lot of fun too, though. Should we do this again for next year's party?
Mizuki: Next year, huh...
Mizuki: Works for me! Let's get everyone together and throw a real bash!
Mafuyu: Sure.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanade: Thank you for all the birthday wishes.
Kanade: It feels like every birthday I have, there are more people who want to celebrate it with me.
Kanade: I guess it goes to show how many people I've been lucky enough to meet...
Kanade: I hope I can bring these experiences and feelings through in my music, too.
Kanade: Yeah... To get closer to writing a song that can save someone.
Kanade: I won't ever give up.
(White cut)
