1226_Kanade Yoisaki_R3 Clothes That Catch My Eye? (event_177)

Skill name: The Thought That Went In
Gacha phrase: I'm not sure it'll suit me...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Fleur Libre Pop-Up Store]

Female Customer: Um, thank you for everything.
Mizuki's Sister: Of course. I hope you come back again.
Kanade: She had such a big smile on her face.
Mizuki: Yeah...
Mizuki: Now it's our turn to have fun and pick out clothes♪
Kanade: Huh...?
Mizuki: Don't give me that, Kanade! That's why we're here, remember?!
Mizuki's Sister: The fitting rooms are open, so please feel free to try on anything that catches your fancy.
Kanade: Wait, are you sure?
Kanade: All of the clothes here are imbued with the designers' special feelings, aren't they?
Kanade: Shouldn't they be worn by people who like cute things and actually want to try them on...?
Mizuki's Sister: Thank you for being so considerate of us, and of our clothes.
Mizuki's Sister: But you never know until you try, I think.
Mizuki's Sister: Of course, you don't have to if you don't feel comfortable. But since we have the chance, I would like to see you try some things on.
Kanade: Okay...
Kanade: But how should I even choose...?
Mizuki: In that case, Kanade, just take a quick look around and try on the first thing that catches your eye!
Kanade: The first thing that catches my eye? That could work...
Ena: Why don't you try doing the same, Mafuyu?
Ena: If you have trouble choosing, then I can give you some recommendations.
Mafuyu: Okay.
Kanade: (The first thing that catches my eye...)
Kanade: (All of these clothes are so strange, unique and interesting...)
Kanade: (But none of them have really caught my attention...)
Kanade: Hm? What's this...?
Kanade: Is this a ribbon covered in flowers and lace? But it looks wide for a ribbon.
Ena: Oh, Kanade, nice find!
Kanade: Huh? What is this?
Mizuki: Oh, that headdress is so cute! Great pick, Kanade! You've got good taste.
Kanade: It's a headdress...? It goes on top of my head?
Kanade: But I was just wondering what it was. I didn't really choose it per se...
Kanade: Huh? Where'd Ena and Mizuki go?
Mafuyu: Probably to look for clothes that go with that headdress.
Mafuyu: Look, they're coming back.
Mizuki: Kanade! This should go perfectly with that headdress!
Ena: I also brought something that should go well with it! See these flowers around the bust? They should really match!
Kanade: Please, you two, I just...
Mizuki: Which should we have her try on first?
Ena: Hmm... You got back first, Mizuki, so I wouldn't mind giving you first dibs.
Mizuki: Really? Oh, Kanade, do you have a preference?
Kanade: Umm... Both seem fine...
Mizuki: Then, we'll have you try on what I found first! Here, check it out!
Kanade: Oh... O-Okay...
Mafuyu: Are you really going to wear that?
Kanade: They did take the time to choose these for me.
Kanade: But I can't make heads or tails of this outfit.
Mizuki's Sister: That's a set consisting of a blouse and dress. Let me take them off the hanger for you.
Mizuki: Hey, Sis, did the same person design the headdress Kanade found and this outfit I picked out?
Mizuki's Sister: Hehe. That's right!
Kanade: How did you know, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Hehe. It just hit me! They're both frilly and flowery, but they still feel refined at the same time.
Mizuki's Sister: The person that designed this is a senior of mine who helps me out a lot at work.
Mizuki's Sister: If I recall, the idea here was to give people who aren't that fashion-conscious a nice set they can wear casually.
Ena: Oh, Kanade, you fit that bill perfectly.
Kanade: Yes, I suppose I do.
Kanade: (It's clear that the people who made all these clothes put quite a lot into them.)
Kanade: (And Yuki said sometimes, you don't know until you try...)
Kanade: I'll go try this on now. I'll need a minute.
Mizuki: Okay, we're willing to wait as long as you need!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Yoisaki Household - Kitchen]

Kanade: We're back...
Mafuyu: Want me to make some tea?
Kanade: Yes, a little break would be nice...
(Black cut)
Mafuyu: Here's your cup, Kanade.
Kanade: Thank you. Let me take a sip.
Kanade: Phew... This is nice.
Kanade: All we did was go to the store and try on a few outfits, but I'm more tired than I thought.
Mafuyu: You don't have a lot of stamina, Kanade.
Mafuyu: And... You don't usually wear things like that, after all.
Kanade: It's true I don't have a lot of stamina, but... I didn't dislike trying on those outfits.
Kanade: I felt like a different person, in a good way. It was a nice new experience.
Kanade: Also...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Female Customer: So, thank you very much... You've helped me realize something I want to cherish about myself.
Female Customer: I love cute things. And cute clothes...
Female Customer: And this dress. I absolutely adore it...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: I'm glad that I got to see that lady become the person that she always wanted to be.
Mafuyu: The person that she always wanted to be...
Kanade: Yeah...
Kanade: Just like music, clothes that had a lot of thought and effort put into them have a way of moving people's hearts.
Kanade: I mean, Yuki poured her heart into the dress that lady said she wanted to wear.
Kanade: This whole trip was worth it just to see that, I think.
Mafuyu: I see...
Kanade: Hm...?
Mafuyu: Is something the matter?
Kanade: Oh, it's nothing serious...
Kanade: But thinking about designers putting their feelings into clothes made me wonder about the ones we're wearing right now.
Mafuyu: I'm not so sure. The clothes you're wearing were probably mass-produced.
Kanade: I'm inclined to agree. I did choose these sweats because I knew that I could replace them with an exact copy whenever I like.
Kanade: But I'm also inclined to believe that even things like that have thoughts and feelings put into them.
Kanade: For example...
Kanade: Oh, what if they were designed for people who have trouble deciding what to wear each day?
Mafuyu: But they're sweats... They were probably designed to be quickly replaced in case you rip them or something while doing strenuous exercises.
Kanade: Yes, you may be right.
Kanade: I guess I'm not really living up to what the designer or manufacturer wanted from these, huh.
Mafuyu: You could always exercise more.
Kanade: I'll do enough not to get badly out of shape, at least...
Kanade: Actually, I might take a look at the website for the company that makes these sweats.
Mafuyu: Why?
Kanade: This conversation is making me wonder what kinds of thoughts and feelings went into them.
Mafuyu: That seems unnecessary.
Mafuyu: Do you ever wonder what people think about as they listen to N25's songs?
Kanade: Huh...? I do make an effort to read through the comments...
Kanade: But each person is free to think whatever they like. I just hope that they feel a little better after listening to them.
Kanade: Oh, I see...
Kanade: Once something you made leaves your hands, what happens afterwards is entirely up to the listener.
Kanade: In that case, I guess I'll stick with these sweats after all.
(Black cut)
