115-3 Animal Excitement

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato)

[A few minutes later]

[Grassland Area - Back Office]

Minori: My name is Minori Hanasato and I attend Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy! It's nice to meet you!
Shiho: I'm Shiho Hinomori.
Minori: Th-Thank you very much for giving us this opportunity to help take care of the animals today!!
Shiho: Thank you.
Nakazawa: Thank you both as well. Welcome to the Grassland Area. My name is Nakazawa. I look after the animals here.
Nakazawa: I'll be working with the two of you all day, so please don't be afraid to ask me any questions that you have.
Minori: O-Okay! Thank you very much!
Nakazawa: I'm sure you two have already heard, but you'll be looking after the shoebill and chipmunks today.
Nakazawa: We'll begin by measuring out their food. Why don't we start with the shoebill?
Minori: Oh, the shoebill?!
Shiho: I guess it eats fish?
Nakazawa: Yes, we feed our shoebill rainbow trout and carp, but the ones in the wild survive on a staple of catfish and lungfish.
Shiho: Wait, catfish? But those are so big...
Minori: That's amazing! They can really gobble them up whole...?! It'd take me at least three bites!
Shiho: I'm not sure that's something to brag about.
Nakazawa: Hehe. That's not the only surprising fact about them. Shoebills are also known to eat snakes, frogs...and even baby crocodiles.
Minori: Baby crocodiles?!
Nakazawa: Yes, and because they don't have any teeth, they swallow them whole as you said. In that sense, they're very remarkable creatures.
Shiho: Yeah, my assumptions about them are starting to change.
Minori: Are we gonna be okay...?! What if it tries to eat me...?!
Nakazawa: You should be fine since there have never been any reported cases of shoebills eating people. Also, they're very docile animals.
Minori: R-Really...?
Nakazawa: Yes! I'm sure you'll understand when we go to feed our shoebill, Schubert.
Nakazawa: Now, let's get his trout ready. Shoebills don't actually have that big of an appetite compared to some other animals, so...
(Black cut)
Minori: Throw the last one into the bucket, and...
Minori: Okay, that should be it! We're all set to feed Schubert!
Shiho: All we did was move the fish into these buckets. I'm not sure that's anything to be proud about...
Nakazawa: The chipmunks' feed is also relatively simple to prepare, so this area isn't too bad in that department by comparison.
Nakazawa: We have a pygmy hippo just over there in a different area, which is apparently quite a handful.
Nakazawa: I'm told it needs to be given two to three fifteen-kilogram meals per day.
Minori: I-It eats that much?!
Nakazawa: And that's supposed to be on the low side. Elephants apparently eat five times that.
Minori: Eep...! I guess big bodies mean big appetites!
Shiho: I'm kinda glad we were assigned to this area.
Nakazawa: Oh, although some animals are easier to feed than others, they're all hard work to clean up after, so be prepared.
Minori: R-Right! We've done a lot of that for our school's animal caretaker committee, so we should be able to handle that!
Shiho: To be fair, we're not talking about a rabbit cage here.
Nakazawa: Ah, that's wonderful to hear! Actually, about how we'll be cleaning...
Nakazawa: I'd like for one of you to clean Schubert's habitat and the other to clean the chipmunks'.
Nakazawa: Please talk it over and decide which you'll be cleaning.
Minori: *Gasp*
Minori: Which do you wanna do, Shiho?! I'm okay with either—
Shiho: The chipmunks.
Minori: Huh?
Shiho: I'll take the chipmunks!
Minori: O-Okay! You take the chipmunks! I'll take Schubert!
Nakazawa: Oh, that was quick... I thought you were going to decide after having a chance to feed the animals.
Nakazawa: Anyway, we're all set to go, so let's head over to where Schubert is!
Minori: Wow... We finally get to meet Schubert!
Minori: This is gonna be so much fun!
Shiho: *Nod*
(Black cut)

[Shoebill Habitat]

Minori: Th-This is Schubert...?
Minori: I knew shoebills were big... But he's really, really big up close! He's about up to my shoulder!
Shiho: Yeah... Also...
Schubert: ...
Shiho: He's so calm and collected. It's like he isn't bothered at all by our presence.
Minori: Yeah, meanwhile I jump whenever someone I've never met walks into the green room!
Shiho: Again, not something to brag about...
Nakazawa: Okay, now that you've met Schubert...
Nakazawa: Let's get straight to the fun part of today's program. Feeding the animals!
Minori: W-We finally get to feed Schubert...!
Shiho: How do we actually do that?
Nakazawa: You'll be feeding him by hand! Put one of the trout in the palm of your hand and offer it to him like a present.
Shiho: By hand...
Minori: I-I-I-I-Is that really okay?! You just said shoebills eat baby crocodiles! What if he tries to chomp off our fingers...?!
Nakazawa: Remember, he wouldn't be able to since shoebills don't have any teeth. You'll be fine as long as he doesn't chomp down really hard.
Nakazawa: You'll need to go one at a time. Which of you would like to go first...?
Minori: Uhh, I... I...
Shiho: I'll go first.
Minori: Sh-Shiho?! Are you sure?!
Shiho: Yeah, since he seems pretty docile... Also, chances like this don't come around often.
Nakazawa: Hehe. That's the spirit! Then, for our brave Ms. Hinomori, here's a trout!
Shiho: Thank you.
Shiho: *Exhale*
Shiho: Here, Schubert. It's time to eat.
Schubert: ...
Minori: ...!
Schubert: ...
Schubert: ... *Nom*
Minori: Whoa...!
(Black cut)
