79-4 Surpassing Everyone In Town

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Ena Shinonome, Megurine Luka)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[The night of RAD WEEKEND]

[Shinonome Household - Living Room]

Junior High School Akito (Akito): Okay... R-A-D-d-e-r...
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Oh, there's a bunch of videos of them online. But they're mostly of their shows. They really don't have that many music videos...
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Anyway, I'll start by watching the one with the most views...
(Background change)
Taiga: <♪————>
(Background change)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (Even in video form, they're beyond incredible...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (All of their songs have this way of waking you up because they're so electrifying.)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (This thought crossed my mind when I went to the Summer Festival with Ena...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (But music really is awesome...)
(Black cut)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Oh...
Junior High School Akito (Akito): I ended up listening to the same song over and over again. I was hoping to listen to more...
Junior High School Akito (Akito): *Sigh* But I feel kinda tired for some reason...
Junior High School Akito (Akito): ...?!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): When did I clench my hands like that? So hard that my nails left imprints too...
Junior High School Akito (Akito): I guess I was listening to it just that intently...
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (I don't think I ever became this focused when I was still playing soccer...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (I thought I was taking it seriously...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (But then I realized that there were other people who were actually devoting their lives to it...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (There was no way that I would've been able to make the same commitment.)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (Maybe I feel the same way about music. I can't honestly say if I'm prepared to make those kinds of sacrifices...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (But putting on an event like that one has to be the best feeling in the world...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (If I could sing like them...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Junior High School Ena (Ena): You can think about taking it up seriously later on.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): I don't know if I'm willing to devote my life to it...
Junior High School Akito (Akito): I don't know... But I wanna give it a try.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One week later]

[Shibuya Park]

Junior High School Akito (Akito): ♪——! ——!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Argh! Why do I sound so bad...?!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): What do I need to do to be able to sing like RADder?! How do I produce that jolt?!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): I need to learn more...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Vivid Street]

Junior High School Akito (Akito): (I watched RADder videos a bunch of times yesterday after practice, but I still couldn't find an answer...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (I have no idea how to get better in a way that lets me sing like them...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (But I might just learn something if I see them live again...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): I heard that they perform at the live house from that night... COL.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): It should be right around... Found it!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (Wait, it's so quiet... And they have hardly any flyers posted.)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (Are they not doing any events? But the front door's open... I think there's people inside.)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (I'll try going in...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[COL]

COL Staff Member: Hm? Who are you...?
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Oh, sorry... Should I not have walked in?
COL Staff Member: No, it's okay. We did leave the door open.
COL Staff Member: So, what's up?
Junior High School Akito (Akito): So, um... I was wondering when RADder would be doing their next event...
COL Staff Member: Ah, I see. Were you here to see RAD WEEKEND?
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Yes.
COL Staff Member: That's cool. Unfortunately...
COL Staff Member: RADder's probably going on hiatus for a while.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): What...?
Junior High School Akito (Akito): No... But they're such amazing singers...!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): And they're able to put on mind-blowing events like RAD WEEKEND! Why now...?!
COL Staff Member: You're right. Without RADder, there wouldn't have been a RAD WEEKEND.
COL Staff Member: They, along with all the other musicians who participated, put on the best performance ever.
COL Staff Member: Sadly, no one is probably going to put on a better event anytime soon.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): ...
COL Staff Member: Also, this place is closing up shop at the end of the week. So, as much as I hate to say this, no events will be held here anymore.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Oh, I see... Thank you, and please pardon me...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (RADder's going on hiatus...? And COL's closing down...?)
Musicians: ♪——————
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Hm? That voice...
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (I hear people singing... But who?)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (Oh, people are also singing down that way...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (This is so cool. I couldn't tell earlier since I took a back alley, but it's like they're all competing for everyone's attention...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (And they all seem to love what they're doing.)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (So free and unbound by anything... But it's also really tense... I kinda like this atmosphere...)
COL Staff Member: Hey, you! Wait up!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Huh? Oh, you're from...
COL Staff Member: Here, take this. I felt bad about having you leave empty-handed after going out of your way to visit, so I brought you a flyer for this event happening in the area.
COL Staff Member: RADder's a tough act to follow, but you might enjoy seeing some events put on by other musicians.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Oh... Thank you very much.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): This place is incredible. It's like everybody's singing and they all really love what they're doing...
COL Staff Member: Yeah, this is a great place to sing...
COL Staff Member: Isn't it an amazing place? This town and everyone in it lives and breathes music.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Live and breathe music...
COL Staff Member: Yup. And things have only gotten more exciting after RAD WEEKEND. Suddenly all these young musicians are aspiring to RADder's level.
COL Staff Member: Just take a look. The one over there with the big crowd just entered junior high school. In fact, she's probably around the same age as you.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): What?
??? (An): ♪————! ————!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (She's an amazing singer and she looks like she's having a lot of fun... She's that good even though she's the same age as me?)
COL Staff Member: Her name's An. She's actually Ken's... You know KEN from RADder? She's his daughter.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): KEN's...?!
COL Staff Member: She's been telling everyone that she's going to put on an event that surpasses RAD WEEKEND.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): What? Surpass RAD WEEKEND...?!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (She's nuts. There's no way she can...)
Junior High School An (An): ♪————!!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (Out of all the singers I saw today while walking around here, she might have the most presence...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Surpass RAD WEEKEND, huh...?
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (But I sorta get why... To be able to sing that well, I bet she's prepared to do anything to make that happen.)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (Right... Which means I need to be willing to do the same thing.)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (If I somehow managed to put on an event like that... No, I'll never be able to if I don't fully commit myself to it.)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (If I can't stand on the stage I saw that night when my mind was totally blown... unless I give it everything I have...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (I just have to commit and go for it!)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (I don't care how much time I have to spend. I'm not letting her...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (No, not just her! I'm gonna surpass everybody in town!)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Excuse me...
COL Staff Member: Yes?
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Would you mind if I sang here?
(Black cut)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): ♪————————!!
Local: Hm? Hey, that kid's singing right next to COL.
Local: His pitch is all messed up, but I'll give him that he's loud.
Junior High School An (An): Interesting...
Local: An, keep singing a while longer!
Junior High School An (An): Huh? Uh, sure...! What should I do next?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One year later]

Junior High School Akito (Akito): (I'm going third today... There's still some time, so I think I'll grab a drink of water...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Huh?!
Older Musician A: What the...?! Dude, you got water all over my clothes! I'm on stage next too!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): I'm sorry...
Older Musician A: You're sorry? You need to be more careful.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (What a pain...)
Older Musicians: What's with the attitude? And quit standing in the way of everyone. Seriously, who do you think you are?
Older Musicians: Wait, I know this guy. He's the one that's been singing in all these places around town, saying he's gonna surpass RAD WEEKEND or whatever.
Older Musician A: Surpass RAD WEEKEND? Pretty big talk from someone with zero rep.
Older Musicians: I know, right? You'd expect to have heard of someone who goes around making that kind of declaration.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Wait, that was when I...!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): No, I will surpass it...! I don't care how impossible it sounds. I'm gonna do it...!
Older Musician A: Again, big talk from a total loser.
Older Musicians: Alright, that's enough. He's still just a junior high schooler.
Older Musician A: Junior high schooler or not, RAD WEEKEND is the stuff of legends.
Older Musician A: So quit playing around. I hate it when people talk about surpassing it like it's no big deal.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): ...!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): I'm not playing around! I'm serious!
Older Musician A: Anyway, his performance today is gonna spell it out for us. That no one here wants to hear him sing.
Kotaro: Hey guys. Whoa, what's going on here...?!
Kotaro: (Oh, he's been singing around here a lot lately... Did he step on someone's toes...?)
Kotaro: (He really shouldn't go around making enemies like that...)
Kotaro: Tact is what he's missing...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka: (I see... Akito went through quite a lot back then.)
(Background change)
Kotaro: Man, talk about a blast from the past.
Kotaro: You were so prickly back then. Well, you still are even today...
Akito: Shut it. Also, that last part wasn't necessary.
Kotaro: Alright, alright. Sorry. Still, you really didn't get along with any of the older musicians.
Kotaro: That's why my jaw sorta dropped when you started using that kind and polite persona of yours...
Akito: I was desperate back then, okay? I didn't have time to think about building relationships.
Kotaro: Yeah, that's definitely true. Fortunately, as time went on, you started getting better and better.
Kotaro: Speaking of which, that's about the time you started running and singing at the park, right?
Akito: Yeah...
Kotaro: Also... Oh, I remember someone began spreading this weird rumor about you.
Akito: What weird rumor?
Kotaro: Oh, something about you messing up during an event...
Kotaro: Again, it was just a rumor! I didn't actually believe it! But you did sorta disappear for a while after that, so I thought you quit or something...
Akito: Right...
(Background change)
Luka: (Huh? Akito's voice just went all...)
(Background change)
Kotaro: Hm? What's wrong, Akito? You have this strange look on your face.
Akito: It's just...
Akito: That rumor was true. That event you were just talking about... It happened at Crawl Green.
Kotaro: What?! Seriously...?!
(Background change)
Luka: (...!)
(Black cut)
