168-7 Standing Tall

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Airi: After that, I started placing importance on having heart.
Shizuku: That's so beautiful...
Shizuku: Not just Hiyori, but also the way you took her words and kept trying your best, Airi.
MEIKO (MMJ): I agree. I didn't realize that you were able to spread hope to others when you were so little.
Airi: I mean, it was just a coincidence, so I don't know if it really counts...
Airi: But that did give me a huge boost of encouragement.
Airi: I learned that flashy results aren't everything. Just having a heart full of positivity can be enough to help someone.
Minori: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Arisawa: That is why I think true idols are those who can spread hope simply by being who they are.
Arisawa: And most importantly, they must have hearts full of persistent optimism. That is my solemn belief.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: Now I get it... That's what it means to spread hope by just being ourselves!
Minori: I think I finally understand what Ms. Arisawa was talking about after hearing your story, Airi!
Haruka: Me too.
Haruka: Spreading hope from a stage is one thing, but we need to learn how to spread hope outside of that.
Haruka: So, let's do our best during the Lumina Grand Prix.
Minori, Airi & Shizuku: Yeah! Yes!
Miku (MMJ): This makes me really happy...
Minori: Huh...?
Miku (MMJ): Because we've been watching you girls for so long.
Miku (MMJ): Despite all the pain and suffering you've had to endure, you kept on trying. You kept on shining bright.
Miku (MMJ): That's why it makes me incredibly happy to think that so many people will watch this program and see how brilliant you are...
Airi: Miku...
Rin (MMJ): She's right! After giving up on being idols, you decided to stand back up and form this group.
Rin (MMJ): Even when all those agencies turned you girls down, you started doing streams to spread hope from wherever you could♪
Airi: That's right...
Luka (MMJ): While streaming, some of you felt bound to your old personas. But you eventually decided to just be yourselves...
Luka (MMJ): You did your best to have everyone accept the four of you as MORE MORE JUMP!
KAITO (MMJ): As you expanded your activities, you learned how difficult things can be for freelancers. There was also the trouble with managing your schedule.
KAITO (MMJ): And you were given a scare when you stopped receiving offers.
Haruka: Right...
Len (MMJ): But you were able to overcome all that by taking hard looks at yourselves and really thinking about your fans.
Len (MMJ): Because you genuinely want to spread hope to everyone.
MEIKO (MMJ): He's right. Your dedication is the reason why you've been able to touch the lives of all your fans. You've even given us quite a lot of hope.
MEIKO (MMJ): So, to us... You girls are the best idols ever.
MEIKO (MMJ): Be proud of your work, be true to yourselves and keep spreading hope to as many people as you can!
Airi: You guys...
Airi: Yeah, we will!
Minori: Hehe... After hearing what you guys had to say, I really feel like we've got this!
Shizuku: Hehe. Me too.
Airi: It's gonna be a fierce competition with lots of tough opponents. I'm sure we're going to run up against some big walls.
Airi: But we just need to keep spreading hope with all we have!
Airi: Anyway, now that we've received some nice words of encouragement, let's start training for it!
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
