102_MEIKO (VBS)_R2 Street SEKAI

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Akito: Hi. Is Len around?
MEIKO: Hello, Akito, Toya. Len hasn't shown up, yet.
MEIKO: You wanted to talk to him?
Toya: He said he'd DJ for us here today.
MEIKO: In that case he should be here any moment. Take a seat and I'll make you coffee.
Toya: Thank you, MEIKO. Akito, let's sit by the window.
Akito: Again? That must be your favorite table.
Toya: It gives me the best view of the cafe.
Akito: So that's why. I like the ambiance, too. Reminds me of Weekend Garage.
MEIKO: That's probably because you guys share an attachment to that place.
MEIKO: Here's your coffee.
Akito: Thanks.
MEIKO: Did you notice the RAD WEEKEND flyer outside?
Akito: I didn't until now!
MEIKO: That's there as a reminder of your wish to surpass it.
Toya: Our feelings and ambitions manifest in a variety of ways throughout this world, I suppose.
Akito: It feels so eerie, though, that a weird place like this exists, and that we can just chill here sipping coffee.
Toya: You think it's weird?
Akito: Well, if this isn't weird then I don't know what is.
Akito: Like, where even are we, exactly? How come we get teleported here by playing a song on a phone?
Toya: It's a world created by our feelings, so the song which encompasses them is our link to it.
Akito: I know that, but that's not the point.
Toya: Well, I don't know any more about it than you do...
Toya: But I just accept that it is what it is.
Akito: You just accept it?
Toya: It's not that I haven't wondered about it too.
Akito: Really? Because despite always looking so serious and diligent, you've got that weird tendency to totally ignore anything that might be a pain...
Toya: How to explain it... To me, the inner workings of this world don't really matter.
Toya: It's a SEKAI created from our feelings. I like it here. And to me, that's enough.
Akito: Okay, but it keeps bugging the heck out of me.
MEIKO: Sorry to interrupt your lively chat. More coffee?
Akito: Yes, please. Toya, aren't you into crime novels?
Akito: Isn't part of the fun of reading those trying to figure out who's got an alibi, what the murder weapon was, and the like? So why aren't you curious about this world?
Toya: In those stories, there's usually some crafty trick involved, but I don't think that's the case here.
Akito: How can you be so sure?
MEIKO: Hehe...
Toya: Are you laughing at us?
MEIKO: Of course! You two are just like Rin and Len!
Akito: Really?
Akito: I don't know if that's something to be proud about or insulted by...
MEIKO: I don't see anything wrong with it.
MEIKO: Sometimes Rin and Len have wild fights, but they respect each other despite that.
MEIKO: Each insists it's them that's right, so it's hard work getting them to apologize and make up...
MEIKO: But I think they're only able to argue their points so passionately because they trust each.
Toya: I suppose trust plays into this.
Toya: But it takes more than trust to be able to defend your opinion even if you know it will upset your friend.
MEIKO: You think so?
Toya: Fighting with your friends doesn't feel good. It hurts to feel misunderstood by them.
Toya: That's why I think the setting matters, too. It needs to be somewhere you feel comfortable and safe, otherwise the stress of the situation would be too much.
Toya: A place like this cafe, or like Weekend Garage, gives you the reassurance you need for that.
MEIKO: Hehe. Thanks, Toya. I am happy to hear that as the owner of this cafe.
Akito: Yeah, true.
Akito: Maybe it's not just this cafe, but this entire place that offers a safe and accepting environment to us.
MEIKO: I don't see why not! SEKAI exists for you to be yourselves and breathe easy.
MEIKO: So take advantage of that and keep dropping in for my coffee!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO: You brought me cookies?
An: That's right. It's to say thank you for all you've been doing for us.
MEIKO: Thanks. They smell delicious.
Kohane: I knew you could brew amazing tea and coffee at your dad's cafe, but I had no idea you could bake, too.
An: I thought cookies would be a nice freebie to serve along with the hot drinks, so I learned to make them!
Kohane: Wow, that's amazing dedication!
An: You know they're actually super easy to make? You can definitely make them too.
Kohane: I wouldn't be so sure...
MEIKO: Why don't we share them?
MEIKO: They'll taste even better with some black tea. Wait a couple minutes and I'll make some.
Kohane & An: Thank you!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: And here's the tea, as promised.
Kohane: Oh, thank you.
An: Nice!
An: Mmm, you make excellent tea, MEIKO.
Kohane: Yeah, it makes me feel calm and happy.
MEIKO: Hehe, then I did a good job!
An: My dad serves tea very quickly, but I like how you take your time making it just right.
Kohane: You warm up the teacups, and check the water temperature before pouring it over the leaves...
An: You rarely see anyone take so much care to bring out the full flavor of the tea leaves.
MEIKO: It's nice to feel appreciated! I've been doing it this way for so long, it's now second nature to me.
An: I know what you mean. You master a skill and then it becomes sort of like muscle memory.
Kohane: You make it sound so easy, but I couldn't do any of that, so it's very impressive to me.
An: You've got impressive skills of your own, like photography. I wouldn't know what to do with a fancy camera.
Kohane: My pictures aren't that good... I'm just an amateur.
Kohane: You make your customers happy, but I take photos just for myself.
An: Does it really matter?
Kohane: It does. Also, you're great at sports, and you do fine at school in general...
MEIKO: But, Kohane, didn't you recently discover another great skill you have?
Kohane: Did I? What do you mean?
An: Oh, of course! You're great at singing!
An: We sang together in front of so many people, and they all loved it!
Kohane: R-Right, I forgot about that!
MEIKO: See? You've got lots to be proud of too.
Kohane: Well, maybe not lots, but at least something.
MEIKO: We all have our talents, and I'm sure we'll keep discovering more and more.
An: Yeah! I'm sure you've got bucketloads of potential lying dormant within you, Kohane!
Kohane: Oh, stop it, you two. But thanks, hehe.
An: You know, you can acquire a brand new skill right away. I'll teach you how to bake cookies!
Kohane: Thanks, An!
An: In return, you help me study for exams... How about that, eh?
Kohane: Of course, I don't mind helping you at all!
MEIKO: Hehe. The sky will be the limit if you two work together.
(Black cut)
