103_MEIKO (VBS)_R3 A Quality Blend

Gacha phrase: How about a cup?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO: Humhum♪
Miku (VBS): You look like you're having fun, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Oh, hello, Miku. Welcome to the cafe.
MEIKO: I don't remember asking for any help today, so are you here as a customer?
Miku (VBS): That's right. But you're in the midst of something, right? Anything I can do to help?
MEIKO: You want to help? That'd be great.
Miku (VBS): So... What're you doing, anyway?
MEIKO: I'm sorting out the coffee beans while there's still no one in the cafe.
Miku (VBS): Why?
MEIKO: There will always be a few beans that are not in the best of conditions when you buy them from a shop.
MEIKO: Keeping these damaged beans will affect the taste of the coffee that you brew.
Miku (VBS): Wow, you really know a lot.
MEIKO: It was written on the label of the bag of beans I bought. Wasn't it nice of them to warn us?
Miku (VBS): Oh, you just read what was on the label...
Miku (VBS): How do you pick out the damaged beans, though?
MEIKO: You spread the beans out like this and split them up into usable and unusable beans.
Miku (VBS): But there are so many beans!
MEIKO: It's not as hard as it looks. For example, see this whitish bean here? That's not usable. Easy to spot, right?
Miku (VBS): You're right. The color's completely different.
MEIKO: See? And then there's the opposite—overly dark beans.
Miku (VBS): That's not usable too... It's really quite easy to tell if you look closely enough.
MEIKO: Hehe. So, can you help me with this?
Miku (VBS): Alright...
MEIKO: Let's see... Can you pick out the white beans and beans that are of a different size than usual?
Miku (VBS): Yeah, I can do that.
MEIKO: Thank you. Let's make delicious coffee together!
(Black cut)
Miku (VBS): ...
MEIKO: ...
Miku (VBS): ...
MEIKO: ...
Miku (VBS): MEIKO...
MEIKO: Mhm?
Miku (VBS): This is really boring work, huh?
MEIKO: Hehe, you could say that again.
MEIKO: But there's a big difference between the coffee brewed from before and after doing this.
Miku (VBS): Is it really that big?
MEIKO: Yes. And don't you want these unroasted beans to become a delicious pot of coffee? Especially since it would only take a little effort on your part?
MEIKO: I would rather have something more delicious than not if I can help it.
Miku (VBS): You too?
MEIKO: Yes, of course.
MEIKO: I also make coffee for myself, you know. Not just for customers.
MEIKO: I use my own personal special blend.
Miku (VBS): Hey, that's not fair.
MEIKO: Hehehe, that's the perk of being a cafe owner, right? At least let me have that.
Miku (VBS): Well... As long as the coffee you serve to customers always tastes good, I guess that's fine.
MEIKO: You're so sweet. I'll treat you to my special blend later, to thank you for helping out!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

An: Sigh... I can't get over how good MEIKO's coffee is...
Miku (VBS): She puts in a lot of time and effort is why.
Kohane: Yes, that's true. She's always so careful when brewing the coffee...
Kohane: Thank you so much, MEIKO.
MEIKO: It's not that hard. I'm just happy to hear that everyone's enjoying the brew.
MEIKO: By the way, I just wanted to know. When you think of sandwiches, what filling immediately comes to mind?
An: Hm? Well...
Kohane: Sandwich filling?
Miku (VBS): Why do you want to know, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Hehe, sorry for the abrupt shift. I was actually thinking of adding more items to the cafe menu, you see.
MEIKO: And sandwiches are the first on my list, so I wanted to know what everyone thinks is the best choice.
An: How about egg sandwiches? There's no need for much preparation so you can serve them quickly.
MEIKO: Oh, you don't have to take that into consideration. As you can see, we have a lot of free time in this cafe.
Kohane: In that case, I think BLT sandwiches might be nice. Bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, and...
An: Y-Yeah, BLT's usually the first one most people would think of. I don't really like it myself, though.
Kohane: Oh, I remember now. You don't like tomatoes, right?
An: Ugh... S-Something like that...
Kohane: A sandwich with no tomatoes... Maybe a fruit sandwich?
An: Right, there's that too. But since this'll be the first new addition, maybe something more mainstream like cutlet sandwiches will be better received?
Miku (VBS): I didn't even know there were so many different types. You two sure know your sandwiches.
Kohane: D-Do we? I was just suggesting sandwiches that I personally liked, that's all...
An: Besides, sandwiches are easy to make because you can just put your favorite foods in between!
Miku (VBS): Oh, okay.
An: Oh no! Kohane, we need to go now!
Kohane: Huh? Oh...you're right!
MEIKO: You have a performance?
An: Yup! We're gonna go sing our hearts out!
Kohane: Thank you for the coffee, MEIKO. Let's talk again at another time, Miku.
Miku (VBS): Yeah. I'll be waiting for you.
MEIKO: Thanks for your suggestions too. I'll take them all into consideration.
An: Okay! Can't wait to see the new menu!
MEIKO: It's nice to know they're so excited to perform.
Miku (VBS): Yup.
Miku (VBS): MEIKO, what made you want to add more items to the menu anyway?
MEIKO: Well, the four of them found their true feelings, right?
Miku (VBS): Of wanting to hold the ultimate event, right?
MEIKO: Yes. And from now on, they'll be striving to make those feelings become reality.
MEIKO: But it won't be easy for them to reach their dream. There will be a lot of obstacles along the way.
MEIKO: I want this SEKAI to be a place where they can feel warmly welcomed. If they ever feel down, we'll fill their tummies up and give them strength to try harder again!
MEIKO: That's what made me come up with the idea.
Miku (VBS): I see. Sounds like something you'd come up with indeed.
MEIKO: Hehe. You think so?
Miku (VBS): I'll help you with that new sandwich menu.
MEIKO: Really? That'll be great. Thank you, Miku!
(Black cut)
