138_MEIKO (VBS)_R2 Warm Gaze (event_6)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO: What to use for today's special blend...? Ah, let's go with this.
MEIKO: And then I need to... Oh?
An: Hello, MEIKO!
Kohane: Um... Is this a bad time?
MEIKO: An, Kohane, welcome!
MEIKO: Sorry, but I'm not quite ready to open yet. Please, take a seat. It won't be too long.
Kohane: Oh, actually... We're not here as customers today.
MEIKO: Huh?
Kohane: You've already done so much for us, MEIKO, so we've been trying to come up with some way to pay you back.
Kohane: So would it be okay if we helped out with the cafe?
An: We really want to help as long as you're okay with it and don't think we'll be too much of a bother.
MEIKO: Hehe, so that's why you came so early! Okay. In that case, you could help me get ready to open.
Kohane: Yes, of course! Thank you!
An: No problem, MEIKO! Just tell us what needs to be done.
MEIKO: The tables need to be wiped, the floor mopped... Oh, and we also need to get the cups and saucers ready...
Kohane: The cups and saucers?
MEIKO: Yes. I change them out from time to time.
Kohane: Oh, I see! I didn't know!
An: Looks like that caught your interest, so I'll do the tables and floors then, okay?
Kohane: Really? Thanks, An!
An: No problem. MEIKO, can I borrow that cleaning cloth?
MEIKO: Be my guest.
Kohane: Excuse me, MEIKO. Which cups and saucers should I get out?
MEIKO: Hehe. Pick any design you like, Kohane. There are six of each, and make sure to give them a wipe with a clean cloth.
Kohane: Okay! Hmm... Oh, wow. These antique ones are so cool!
Kohane: Okay, so now I just need to wipe them...
Kohane: MEIKO, like this?
MEIKO: Yes, just like that. You're doing great.
An: MEIKO, I'm done wiping the tables. Where can I find a mop for the floor?
MEIKO: Oh, it's at the back, over there.
An: Got it!
MEIKO: (Hehe. Their differences in personality really show through here.)
MEIKO: (Kohane's very careful and precise. An's independent and full of initiative.)
MEIKO: (It also makes a big difference that An's used to working at a cafe like this.)
Kohane: Phew... I finally finished cleaning one set.
MEIKO: Hehe. There's no rush, so you can go at your own pace.
Kohane: Thanks, but seeing the way An works makes me want to do better too.
MEIKO: Oh? Why's that?
Kohane: Because I'm her partner.
Kohane: I owe her for getting me into singing and encouraging me to be braver.
Kohane: She has this dream that she's chasing relentlessly, to surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Kohane: She's amazing in so many ways that I'm not.
Kohane: But at the very least, I want her to be proud that I'm her partner.
MEIKO: Hehe. You like her a lot, don't you?
Kohane: Yes!
MEIKO: (Amazing in ways that she isn't, huh...)
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Thank you and good job! It was a breeze with your help!
MEIKO: You've earned yourself a little treat. Here's a cup of today's special blend coffee for each of you.
An: Oh, really? Are you sure?
Kohane: Thank you, MEIKO.
MEIKO: You're very welcome! Please, sit down and relax.
Kohane & An: Okay!
An: Hey, Kohane. When I went to get the mop, I overheard you telling MEIKO that you like me a lot?
Kohane: Oh, you heard that...
An: Hehe. I love you too!
Kohane: Wah...! Hey, that tickles...!
MEIKO: Hehe.
MEIKO: (Right now Kohane's learning a lot from An...)
MEIKO: (But one day An may find out that Kohane has her own unique strengths that she can draw from...)
MEIKO: (These two, together with Akito and Toya, are shaping up to be a team with a huge amount of potential...)
MEIKO: I can't take my eyes off of you guys at all...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO: Miku! Come on in.
Miku (VBS): Hi. Am I your only customer?
MEIKO: For now, but I think Kohane and her friends are coming soon.
MEIKO: They've been practicing quite a bit for their next event, recently. They really want to give it everything they have.
MEIKO: I got a little worried too when Kohane looked so glum the other day...
MEIKO: But it seems like Kohane and An got things sorted out.
Miku (VBS): Yeah.
MEIKO: Wait, you already know about this?
Miku (VBS): Kind of... I knew she came here for advice.
Miku (VBS): I guessed from her expression that something was on her mind.
MEIKO: Oh, then you could have talked to her.
Miku (VBS): No, you two were already in the middle of a discussion and I didn't want to interrupt.
Miku (VBS): Besides, Kohane managed to find her own way to deal with her problems before.
Miku (VBS): Plus, An's a determined and resourceful girl. I was sure she'd be fine without me too.
Miku (VBS): And they had you to lean on if they really needed anything.
MEIKO: Hehe. It turned out just as you expected then.
MEIKO: I listened to their troubles, but I didn't tell them exactly what to do.
MEIKO: They solved their problem by facing it together without my help.
Miku (VBS): That's great!
Miku (VBS): But I was surprised that Kohane and An would sort of fall out like that.
MEIKO: They do get along very well, but don't forget that they haven't known each other for very long.
MEIKO: They're still in the process of finding out what each other's like and learning to understand one another.
MEIKO: I think that this little stumble was a necessary step on their way to becoming closer friends.
Miku (VBS): You're right. They struck me as such an amazing team, so I assumed that they'd always be in tune...
Miku (VBS): But they may still run into some rough patches...
MEIKO: Yes, and they may end up hurting each other's feelings...
MEIKO: Even when you're friends with someone, you may sometimes offend them without meaning to or be disappointed by something they did...
Miku (VBS): But you don't seem particularly worried?
MEIKO: I'm not. Those are just some possibilities. I enjoy sitting back and watching how the future unfolds.
Miku (VBS): I see.
MEIKO: Besides, they've discovered the joy of singing together as Vivid BAD SQUAD.
MEIKO: Whatever happens, I don't think they'll be willing to give that up.
MEIKO: Another reason they won't let minor hiccups like that get in their way is that they have this goal of surpassing the legendary RAD WEEKEND.
Miku (VBS): Yes. They've already discovered their true feelings too.
Miku (VBS): Their SEKAI song will keep reminding them of their shared vision.
MEIKO: Hehe. I'm excited to see just how much they manage to achieve.
Miku (VBS): I believe that they will fulfill their dream. I want to see them do it.
MEIKO: I do too.
MEIKO: Oh, and they've just arrived in SEKAI.
Miku (VBS): I'll go out and say hi.
MEIKO: Okay. Have fun.
MEIKO: I'll brew up some special tea and coffee for when they get here.
(Black cut)
