146_MEIKO (WxS)_R4 Tell Me About Your Christmas♪ (event_8)

Gacha phrase: I just had a great idea!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO: Miku, Len, do you have a moment?
KAITO: I have something important to tell you before we begin rehearsing for our Christmas show.
Len: Sure. What's up?
KAITO: Our troupe is about to get a new member.
Miku & Len: Whaaat?!
KAITO: She's very excited to join us, so let's not keep her waiting.
MEIKO: Hello, Miku and Len! I'm new to this, but I don't really need a special introduction or anything, do I?
Len: It's MEIKO!
Miku (WxS): Yay! You're super welcome!
MEIKO: Haha. Thank you for the warm welcome♪ I'm happy to be joining you!
Miku (WxS): Yeah! You came at the perfect time too! We're just getting ready for our Christmas show!
Miku (WxS): Would you like to do it with us, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Of course! That's what I'm here for! I'll be happy to help in any way I can♪
KAITO: Haha. With that much enthusiasm, we'll have plenty for you to do! Let's get started!
Miku (WxS): Okay, someone needs to go get the plushies too!
Len: Right! I'll go and get them!
MEIKO: Thanks, Len! Okay, I'm ready to roll up my sleeves and get down to it.
KAITO: Alright. While we wait for the others, we could start thinking about how to decorate the stage.
KAITO: We haven't decided anything yet, so any suggestions are welcome.
MEIKO: Hmm... What would make it Christmas-y...?
MEIKO: Oh, of course! Hey, KAITO! Are there any fir trees in this SEKAI?
KAITO: Hmm... I can't tell you off the top of my head, but I'll check. What do you need them for?
MEIKO: Well, this place has singing flowers, so I thought there might also be singing trees!
MEIKO: And of course, fir trees are a central part of Christmas. I'm sure everyone would love to see a real Christmas tree!
KAITO: Hehe, okay. I can picture everyone being overwhelmed by delight.
MEIKO: Oh, here's another idea... We can pile a bunch of presents up high to make a Christmas tree too!
MEIKO: Imagine how impressive it'd be if we made it like 100-meters tall!
KAITO: What?! 100 meters?!
MEIKO: Then, as the play reaches its climax, we can have plushies jump out of the presents! Pop, pop, pop! One by one♪
MEIKO: What do you think? Wouldn't that be fun?
KAITO: Haha! It'll be a lot of work, but yes, it sounds fantastic!
MEIKO: Right?
MEIKO: Oh, and Christmas lights! We'll need those too!
MEIKO: Why don't we put up colorful lights all over this SEKAI? And on our costumes too! We'd literally be dazzling then!
KAITO: Yes, that's also an excellent idea! Hahaha...
MEIKO: Hm? What's so funny?
KAITO: I just can't believe you only just got here and you're already coming up with so many terrific suggestions.
MEIKO: Really? I'm just saying whatever I think is fun.
MEIKO: Does any of it actually seem doable?
KAITO: Well, I'm not sure about finding a singing tree, but we can go ahead with the present tower and Christmas lights.
KAITO: I think they'll be great fun, but we'll need more hands to get everything done in time. Hopefully, the plushies can help us out too.
MEIKO: But aren't they all really small? Won't it be too much work for them?
KAITO: They've helped us out quite a bit already. They're more capable than you might think.
MEIKO: I see. Just as I joined this troupe, they were saying that they want to help with stage lighting, other roles and whatnot so...
MEIKO: I guess they'd feel left out if they weren't allowed to just because of their size.
MEIKO: You think of everything, KAITO! No, wait. Mr. Troupe Leader!
KAITO: Haha. Thank you, MEIKO.
Len: Hey, I'm baaack! I brought the plushies!
KAITO: Welcome back! But we're still waiting for Miku...
MEIKO: How about we start setting up the stage while we wait for her? I suggested a few things to KAITO while you were away too!
MEIKO: But they might end up being a lot of work, so I'd like to hear your opinions on whether or not we should go with them.
Len: Sure. I'm game!
MEIKO: Thanks, Len! First...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

MEIKO: Alright. I think we're done tidying up.
KAITO: Yes. And since we have no shows tomorrow, we can all take it easy for now... Hm?
Emu: MEIKO and KAITO! Hellooo!
Tsukasa: Hey, Emu! Wait for us!
MEIKO: Oh, it's you guys! Welcome!
Tsukasa: We came by to let you know we've wrapped up our Christmas show and everything went as planned!
MEIKO: That's great! Congratulations, guys!
MEIKO: Hehe. You all have this look on your faces too. I'm guessing you did well in the contest?
Tsukasa: We did! We have some work left to beat our rivals, but we plan on winning it all with our next show!
MEIKO: Wow! That sounds really exciting!
Emu: But do you know what's even more exciting♪
MEIKO: Hmm... What could that be?
Emu: Hehehe! Talking to you, MEIKO!
Rui: We were so busy with the Christmas show, we only got to exchange greetings and never had a chance to actually talk to you.
Nene: ...
MEIKO: Aww, you guys are sooo sweet! I was hoping we'd get a chance to talk too!
KAITO: Well, your timing couldn't be better. We're done with shows for the day.
MEIKO: Oh, that's right! In that case... How did you guys all spend Christmas?
Tsukasa: Christmas Day...? I was with my family.
Tsukasa: This year it was all of us together, including my sister, so it was more fun than usual!
MEIKO: Oh, so you have a sister?
Tsukasa: Yeah. She also got to spend Christmas Eve with her friends at a Christmas party like she's always wanted.
Tsukasa: They exchanged presents and she has the ones she received decorating her room now.
MEIKO: (Hehe, he's so happy for his sister! He must care about her quite a bit...!)
MEIKO: And you, Nene?
Nene: Huh, m-me? Um, I... I had cake with my family.
Nene: After that, I stayed in my room to watch the stream for an online gaming tournament.
Rui: I also spent Christmas cooped up in my room.
Rui: The electronic components I asked Santa to bring me came right on time and I stayed up until morning assembling them.
Tsukasa: Wait, what? Electronic components from Santa...?
Nene: He just means he ordered them online, dummy.
Rui: That's not untrue.
KAITO: Haha. Christmas is just another day to you, isn't it, Rui?
Emu: My turn! My turn! I had a cake party with the mascots!
KAITO: With the mascots?
Emu: The mascots that sometimes help with our shows at the Phoenix Wonderland's Wonder Stage!
KAITO: In other words, you spent Christmas with friends!
MEIKO: Hehe. Thanks for telling us! It's interesting how each of you enjoyed Christmas in a different way.
MEIKO: And did Santa come and visit you all? Did you find gifts when you woke up?
Nene: I used to find presents by my pillow when I was little, but my parents just give them to me directly now.
Rui: It's the same for me.
Tsukasa: Really? I always find them outside my door.
MEIKO: To your room? That's interesting.
Tsukasa: Apparently, I move a lot in my sleep, so they might get knocked over if they're left next to my pillow or something.
MEIKO: Hehe. I see.
Emu: My grandpa used to dress up as Santa to bring me presents!
Emu: He's gone now...
Emu: But I still get presents. The mascots bring me them in secret!
Emu: They don't know that I figured out it's them, so please don't tell them! It's so much fun every year♪
MEIKO: Aww, that's so nice of them.
Emu: Hehehe, our mascots are the best☆
Emu: Your turn, MEIKO! How did you spend Christmas?
MEIKO: I was with all my friends here in SEKAI. The plushies joined us too and we decided to have a parade!
KAITO: Haha, right! MEIKO came up with that idea and the plushies were suddenly all for it, so it turned into a big extravaganza.
Emu: Wow, a parade! That's so awesome! I wish I could've been there!
MEIKO: Maybe we'll do it again next year. If we do, you'll all be invited!
Emu: YEEEAH! Did you hear that, Tsukasa?! Christmas with MEIKO! And we're gonna have a parade!!
Tsukasa: I'm not deaf, Emu. Calm down! Isn't it too early to be planning for next year's Christmas? I mean, we just had...
Rui: But that does pique my interest. SEKAI parades must be an extraordinary sight.
Nene: I'd love to see one too. It must be so cute with all the plushies marching together.
MEIKO: Hehe. Then I'll pencil in us in to celebrate Christmas together next year!
(Black cut)
