156_MEIKO (Ln)_R4 Third Senpai (event_10)

Gacha phrase: This must be fate. Glad to be here.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Let's start with something simple. Honami, can you count us in.
Honami: Here we go! One, two, three, four!
MEIKO: (Good! They're all in sync. Their sound is getting much better too.)
(Black cut)
Shiho: Let's split up for individual practice now. Would you be okay with that, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Sure, of course.
Saki: Alright! Time to work on that part that was bugging me...!
MEIKO: (Instruments really are wonderful things. It's a real delight to hear them play together.)
MEIKO: (But it's also fun to listen to each of them individually as they practice on their own.)
Honami: Um, MEIKO? Do you have a minute?
MEIKO: How can I help, Honami?
Honami: I can't seem to figure out a drumming technique I like...
MEIKO: Really? You sounded perfectly fine to me.
Honami: Um, do you remember that time when you played with Miku and Luka?
Honami: That was when I realized how much of an effect the drummer has on a performance.
Honami: Not only did you maintain a good tempo, you carried Miku and Luka through the entire way.
Honami: And I never once saw you hesitate. You were so cool and collected... And I was wondering how I could be like you...
MEIKO: Aww, you're making me blush.
MEIKO: But the part about not hesitating isn't true at all.
Honami: Huh?
MEIKO: That may be because I try to resolve any worries I have during practice.
MEIKO: Also, I have faith that Miku or Luka will be there for me if I do make any mistakes during a performance.
MEIKO: And I feel comfortable going all out as a result.
Honami: Aren't the drums supposed to be the band's foundation? Is it okay for me to be leaning on other people...?
MEIKO: Hahaha! You can't build a house with just the foundation, right?
Honami: Oh! Um... Yes, I see your point.
MEIKO: Yup. Anyway, why don't you play something for me? I may be able to give you better advice after that.
Honami: Really? Thank you so much!
Honami: Alright, here it goes!
MEIKO: (Luka was right. She's solid... I might be the more envious one here...)
MEIKO: (Hmm. Okay, I get it now.)
Honami: H-How was I...?
MEIKO: You not being able to figure out a good drumming technique is probably not something you can resolve on your own.
Honami: Huh? Wh-What does that mean?
MEIKO: Your band is still quite new, right?
MEIKO: You might be feeling lost about how to perform because your band as a whole hasn't worked that out yet.
MEIKO: So it's probably difficult to find the right technique to focus on or judge just how much free reign you have.
MEIKO: To add to our foundation analogy, you'll need to decide what sort of house you want to build, right?
Honami: Oh, that's true. That makes so much sense!
MEIKO: See?
Honami: The kind of house we all want to build... So we should decide on what sort of performances we want to put on?
MEIKO: That's one way. On the other hand, you could learn to become fully independent!
MEIKO: You know, to become THE pillar that props up your band?
Honami: Yes... I mean, if I can...
MEIKO: Haha. Don't worry. Everyone has a different take when it comes to this.
Honami: Maybe I was feeling lost because our band is so new and none of us know what we want to actually do yet...
Honami: But I think that also means there are a lot of other things we can learn in the meantime.
MEIKO: Hehe. I think so too. The hesitation you're talking about really might not be a bad thing either, Honami.
Honami: Thank you! I'll try not to worry about it so much.
MEIKO: Okay, I'm glad that's sorted out. Good luck, Honami.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: Thank you so much for lending me your ear, MEIKO.
MEIKO: No, it was my pleasure! I'll see you later, okay?
Miku (Ln): What were you and Honami talking about, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Oh, just some stuff about drumming!
MEIKO: Speaking of drumming, I can still keep going. How about a session with just us three?
Luka: Hehe. Sure, of course.
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Wow! That was fun!
MEIKO: It's so nice to know I can go all out when we're playing together like this.
MEIKO: You handle my improvisations so well too. It feels great to play each note!
Miku (Ln): I can sort of just sense it. How others want to play. What others are trying to do and such.
MEIKO: Right. And you can't help but throw yourself into a song after you start hearing those around you play!
MEIKO: Words can't describe how good it feels!
MEIKO: Oh, but you know what? Not everything has to be perfect.
Luka: Are you thinking about Ichika and the others?
MEIKO: Yes.
MEIKO: They only just formed their band, so it feels like they're still not quite sure what they want to do.
MEIKO: I'm pretty sure they'll really start to improve once they find their groove but...
MEIKO: Did you notice how they'd sometimes randomly go off tune when they're not being careful?
Miku (Ln): Well, that may be true...
MEIKO: Haha! Sorry, sorry! I'm not trying to put down your precious girls, I promise.
MEIKO: Seriously, I didn't mean it in a bad way.
MEIKO: This is a period of mutual discovery and learning about one another. It's an important part of being a new band and gaining experience.
Miku (Ln): True.
Luka: I agree. The girls are definitely trying to listen to each other carefully and figure out what they want to do.
MEIKO: Exactly! Sometimes, everything just falls into place and they have an amazing session all of the sudden!
MEIKO: It's always exciting to see how things will unfold with them!
Miku (Ln): I agree. I definitely feel that way when I play with them.
MEIKO: See? And they have so much fun playing together too.
MEIKO: That's why every melody they create sounds so bright and cheerful, at least for me!
MEIKO: I really love them. How do they produce such a unique sound? It's almost as if it sparkles or twinkles.
Luka: Well, that's an easy one.
Luka: Their band is what brought them all back together.
Miku (Ln): Right. And coming together like this helped them find their true feelings as well, while we hope all four of them will keep the band going for as long as possible.
MEIKO: All four of them, huh...?
MEIKO: You know, I see you two playing together with them fairly often, but you rarely give them any advice about being a band or anything.
Miku (Ln): You're right.
Miku (Ln): The band was our suggestion, but they eventually found their true feelings on their own.
Miku (Ln): So it seems best to just watch over them.
Luka: Yes. You'd be surprised by how mature and thoughtful they can be sometimes.
MEIKO: I see. So you're not interfering too much because you trust that they'll figure this out on their own?
MEIKO: Haha! You really believe in them, don't you?
Miku (Ln): Of course! We're talking about the girls, right?
MEIKO: Hehe. Okay, I can do that too!
MEIKO: I only just met them, but I'm already looking forward to what they have in store for us!
Luka: Hehe. Join the club.
MEIKO: Gladly!
(Black cut)
