211_MEIKO (Ln)_R2 Looking For Answers (event_20)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

MEIKO: Hmm... This doesn't sound right. It's too simple. Maybe triplets is the way to go...
MEIKO: Hm?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: ...
MEIKO: Oh, Ichika. Hello. Is something wrong? Is it just you?
Ichika: Yes... I'm sorry to bother you in the middle of practice like this, MEIKO...
MEIKO: Oh, don't mind me! Come in, come in!
Ichika: Thank you.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO: Is something bothering you? You don't look so great...
Ichika: ...
Ichika: Today's, well... It's sort of a big day...
MEIKO: A big day?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Ichika: Do you know what it means...? What's needed to become a pro...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO: Is this about Shiho...?
Ichika: Yes...
MEIKO: I see. Do you think your answer will satisfy her?
Ichika: I'm not sure...
MEIKO: This really is a tough one. Actually trying to become a pro...
MEIKO: The other two were in the same boat as you.
Ichika: Huh?
Saki: Hehe. Sorry...
Honami: We're here...
Ichika: Saki, Honami?! Wait, don't tell me...?
Saki: Yes...
MEIKO: ...
MEIKO: Bands are strange things, aren't they?
Ichika: Huh?
MEIKO: Bands are all about bringing different instruments together to create songs and music together, right?
MEIKO: Sometimes you won't agree on anything, maybe end up in heated arguments, but you're all bandmates in the end...
MEIKO: It's as if your feelings are coming together and trying to guide you to the right answer.
Saki: Our feelings are guiding us...?
MEIKO: Yes. It's a mysterious but wonderful phenomenon, no?
Honami: Yes, I see. I understand what you're trying to say.
MEIKO: Right?
MEIKO: Tell me, what part of being a band do you find the most appealing?
Ichika: The most appealing...?
Saki: It might be hard to point to just one thing...
Honami: You're right. Why are we together like this...?
Ichika: ...
Ichika: Maybe because we can't make this music on our own. We have to be together to create this sound?
Ichika: When we play in sync, everything changes...
Ichika: When we're playing well, each beat, each note turns into more. Our performance becomes more than the sum of its parts.
Ichika: I know it doesn't make any sense, but that's what it sometimes feels like...!
Ichika: It's as if we're aiming for the same goal and seeing the same thing...
Saki: No, I totally get that!
Honami: I do too. That sense of being one is indescribable!
Saki: Yeah, that! Is that what people mean by being in a groove?!
Ichika: That might be it.
MEIKO: Hehe. You may want to remember that feeling. It's something that you can only achieve as a band.
MEIKO: Oh, pursuing that may also be part of having fun as a band and even becoming a pro...!
Saki: Huh?
MEIKO: I mean, it has to be pretty tough to keep doing something that's hard or causing you pain, right?
Ichika: Pursuing that feeling...
MEIKO: Anyways, I think you should always remember why it's so fun to be in a band.
MEIKO: And tomorrow's your big day too, right? Make sure to get plenty of sleep...!
Honami: Right. The rest is up to us...
Saki: Yeah...
Saki: Okay. Good night, MEIKO. You too, Hona, Ichi...
Ichika: Good night. And thank you, MEIKO.
MEIKO: My pleasure! Sleep tight!
MEIKO: They'll be fine. I'm sure of it...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[A few days after the STANDOUT show]

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Stop...!
Shiho: Ichika, you messed up the same part again. One more time.
Ichika: Oh, sorry! Let me try again!
Shiho: And you were a little off too, Saki. Listen to where everyone else is.
Saki: Okay. Got it!
Shiho: Honami, you need to drum like you mean it a little more. Otherwise, we won't be able to hold it together.
Honami: Right...!
Shiho: Okay, once more. Honami, count us in...
Luka: Their sound is getting more and more powerful.
MEIKO: You're right. You can tell how serious they are about this just by looking at them too.
MEIKO: They're just gonna keep getting better and better from here...
MEIKO: Going pro won't be easy for them, but I'm sure they'll find a way to succeed!
Miku (Ln): Pros, huh...?
Miku (Ln): Alright! That means we'll need to give them the best support possible too...!
MEIKO: Hehe. I agree.
Luka: Indeed.
Miku (Ln): Huh? Why are you two looking at me like that?
Luka: Oh, nothing.
MEIKO: Compared to before, you seem completely different now.
Miku (Ln): Before...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Miku (Ln): I'm not sure I can say since I'm not a professional myself...
Miku (Ln): But maybe it has something to do with constantly trying to understand what your music is about...?
Saki: Wait, there has to be more to it than that! What about having to push the other things you want to do to the side and stuff...?
Miku (Ln): That I can't say...
Ichika: Not even Miku can answer this one.
Miku (Ln): Of course. I've never thought about going pro or how to do it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO: I have to think that you had more to say then, right?
Miku (Ln): Wh-What could you possibly be talking about...?
Luka: Oh? You seemed so anxious after that too...
Miku (Ln): Oh...
Miku (Ln): ...
Miku (Ln): *Sigh* Yes, MEIKO, you're right.
Miku (Ln): I kept wondering if there's anything else I can do for them.
MEIKO: I knew it! But it didn't seem like you regretted saying that or anything...
Miku (Ln): I was wondering about what I should say if I were asked the same thing again...
MEIKO: Oh, I see. That's why you've been trying to find somewhere to be alone. You were practicing your little speech.
Miku (Ln): Huh?! Y-You knew about that too?!
Luka: Sorry, we happened to see you in the middle of your rehearsal when we went looking for you the other day...
Miku (Ln): O-Okay...
MEIKO: I'm sorry that you weren't able to put it to use...
Miku (Ln): No, that's okay.
Miku (Ln): Actually, it's better that Ichika and the others were able to come up with an answer on their own.
Luka: True. I'm so proud of them.
MEIKO: Hehe. I agree.
MEIKO: But things may get pretty rough from here on out...
MEIKO: They'll probably have to overcome quite a few obstacles in order to make their dream come true.
MEIKO: But I'm sure they'll be able to.
MEIKO: That's why we need to keep supporting them as much as possible!
Miku (Ln): Yeah! Of course!
(Black cut)
