225_MEIKO (MMJ)_R3 A New Face Who Looks Good In Red! (event_23)

Gacha phrase: Everyone! Thanks for coming!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

MEIKO: The lights and sound seem fine. Mic adjustments are all done too!
MEIKO: I hope everybody gets to enjoy today's show too.
Miku (MMJ): MEIKO, we're here!
MEIKO: Oh! Miku, Rin, Luka! I'm so glad you all came!
MEIKO: I'm about to do a show. Since you're here, why don't you stay and watch?
Rin: Yeah! It's been so long since I last saw you perform, MEIKO. I can't wait♪
Miku (MMJ): Me too!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, MEIKO. Do you have some time to talk after your show is over?
MEIKO: Yes, of course. Or how about right now?
Miku (MMJ): No, it's okay. It's not that urgent. We'll be cheering for you in the meantime♪
MEIKO: Thank you! Alright, I'll do my best to make sure you all have fun too!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Everyone! Thanks for coming today!
MEIKO: Okay, I want you all to have as much fun as possible, so let's start by doing something together♪
MEIKO: Starting with everybody to my right. Say, Yay♪
MEIKO: Very nice!
MEIKO: Now, everyone in the middle... Yay♪
MEIKO: Hehe! You sound great!
MEIKO: And lastly, everyone to my left! Yay♪
MEIKO: Oh? Feeling a little shy, are we...? You can do better than that!
MEIKO: One more time! Yay♪
MEIKO: Yeah, there we go! Great job, you guys!
(Black cut)
Rin: That's amazing. She brought everyone together just like that.
Luka: Yes. I'd expect nothing less from her.
Miku (MMJ): I agree. We can learn a lot from her in terms of how to interact with the crowd!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Alright, it's time for us to have some fun!
(Black cut)
Miku (MMJ): That was great, MEIKO! You were awesome!
MEIKO: Thank you, Miku! Did you guys have fun?
Luka: We did! That sense of togetherness we felt was really incredible too♪
Rin: Yeah! It's like the crowd was a part of making your show happen!
MEIKO: Really? That's something I've been working on, so I'm glad that you're saying this♪
Rin: You have?
MEIKO: I know that singing and dancing well are important, but I think the most important thing to keep in mind is whether or not the crowd is having fun.
MEIKO: That's why I'm trying to keep an eye on how they're doing even if I'm in the middle of a song.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, that's why you were calling out to them so much!
Luka: Yes. You could tell too since everybody was singing and waving their glow sticks together in unison!
MEIKO: Hehe. It's just what I do♪
MEIKO: Oh, that reminds me. Wasn't there something you wanted to talk to me about once my show was over?
MEIKO: We should have plenty of time now since everything's finished.
Miku (MMJ): Thank you, MEIKO!
Miku (MMJ): It's about how I've been meaning to introduce you to Minori and the others.
Luka: Today, we came to invite you to do just that♪
MEIKO: Minori and the others...? You mean the ones who created this SEKAI...?
Rin: Yeah♪ They're called MORE MORE JUMP!
Rin: They're idols that make videos and do streams online. They even just did their very first show the other day!
MEIKO: Their first show?! That's fantastic! So they're doing pretty well then...?
Miku (MMJ): They said that they'll do their best as freelance idols...
Miku (MMJ): But it sounded so difficult to make it as an idol in their world...
Miku (MMJ): That's why I want to be able to help them out as much as possible.
Luka: You being there for them would help encourage them even more, MEIKO.
Rin: So MEIKO, please!
Luka: They're such good girls too. I'm sure you'll immediately start liking them♪
MEIKO: Hehe. Now I'm the one that's getting all excited to meet them!
Rin: Does that mean...?
MEIKO: Of course I'll meet them!
Rin: Yay! Thank you so much, MEIKO!
MEIKO: Don't worry about it. It's our job to help them as much as we can, right♪
MEIKO: So what do I need to do to actually meet them?
Miku (MMJ): Then come to the stage that Rin and I usually use...!
Miku (MMJ): We've been practicing with them there lately, so I'm sure you'll be able to meet them!
MEIKO: Okay. I'll make sure to check it out!
Miku & Rin: Thank you!
Luka: We'll be waiting for you, MEIKO!
MEIKO: I'll be there! Hehe. I can't wait to meet them!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

MEIKO: Good morning, everyone♪
Minori: Oh, MEIKO! Good morning!
Airi: It's been a little while. How have you been?
MEIKO: Good, thanks! Miku told me that you'd be practicing here today, so I decided to come and see♪
Minori: Wait, does that mean you'll help us practice?!
MEIKO: I'd love to! If you don't mind that is...
Minori: Yes, please do! It's okay, right?
Airi: Of course! Thanks for coming, MEIKO!
Shizuku: I'd love to learn as much as I can from you.
Haruka: Yes, me too.
MEIKO: If that's the case, thank you for having me!
MEIKO: So what are you working on today?
Haruka: We've been working on dance formation for our routine.
MEIKO: Oh, that sounds like fun! Shall we get started then?
(Black cut)
Minori: One, two, three, four...!
Airi: Minori, you're leaning too much! It looks like you're about to fall over!
Minori: O-Okay! Can we try that again?
MEIKO: (Oh, this is good. Airi can say what needs to be said and Minori takes it seriously...)
MEIKO: (Now, let's see how Haruka and Shizuku are doing...)
MEIKO: (The last time I met them, Shizuku seemed so worried about Haruka...)
Shizuku: So just before the chorus, what if we have our elbows bent instead of being straight and transition from there?
Shizuku: I have a feeling that it'll better match this song's lyrics and warm tone...
Haruka: Yeah. I like your idea. Let's check with Airi and Minori to see what they think.
Shizuku: Okay!
MEIKO: (Hehe. They seem just fine now.)
(Black cut)
Airi: Phew... It's coming together pretty well now.
MEIKO: Yes, it is. But it's also important not to work too hard, so why not take a break?
Haruka: Right. A water break might not be bad.
Minori: That was a pretty hard workout.
Airi: Alright, break it is! But try to stay warm...!
Shizuku: Okay!
Haruka: Thanks for your help, MEIKO. Here's a towel if you need one.
MEIKO: Thank you, Haruka! That'd be nice. I'll take it.
Haruka: Also, MEIKO... I really appreciate how you've been paying us so much attention.
MEIKO: Huh?
Haruka: Weren't you just watching Shizuku and I work on our dance routine just now?
Haruka: I thought that I should thank you for doing that and going out of your way to talk about these things with us.
MEIKO: Oh, is that all? It's okay. Don't worry about that♪
MEIKO: But you really do have a good eye, don't you, Haruka?
Haruka: I think it's because I've been performing in groups for so long. At the same time, I know that just being observant is enough.
Haruka: I thought for the longest time that I was doing just fine, but I was actually making everyone else worry.
Haruka: Even when I was told that taking breaks is important, I didn't really know what to do with that information.
MEIKO: But you're speaking in past tense, so does that mean you're alright now?
Haruka: Yes. Shizuku helped me understand what was going on.
MEIKO: I see... I'm glad you have such good friends!
Haruka: Me too.
Haruka: More than that even... I'm not sure what I'd do without them now.
Haruka: So I'll make sure to do everything I can so that I don't cause them any concern.
MEIKO: Good for you. But if you'll allow me to add just one little thing...♪
MEIKO: Things like that don't happen overnight. It may take some time to get used to.
Haruka: Huh?
MEIKO: It's like how it'd be unreasonable to ask someone who's naturally right-handed to start doing everything with their left hand, you know?
MEIKO: I believe it's important to give yourself the time you need to get used to everything...!
Haruka: Yes, I see. Thank you, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Hehe. You're very welcome♪
(Black cut)
