251_MEIKO (VBS)_R4 Talking Coffee Time (event_28)

Gacha phrase: You should look in the mirror sometime.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Kohane: Thank you for lending me so much of your time talking with me like this, MEIKO.
MEIKO: You're welcome. Come back anytime.
MEIKO: I'm glad she was able to figure out what her next step needs to be.
MEIKO: (But it still won't solve her problem.)
MEIKO: (She has An, Akito and Toya, so I think she'll be fine but...)
Len: Heya!
Rin: We're here...! Hm? What?!
Rin: Is it just you here, MEIKO? Where's everyone else?!
MEIKO: You mean Kohane and the others? They just left a second ago.
Len: Nooo! We just sensed that they were here and came running over!
Rin: *Sigh* I was looking forward to talking and doing stuff with them...
MEIKO: I'm sorry, you two.
MEIKO: But our little chat sort of turned into me giving Kohane and An advice about something, so I'm not sure they would've been in the mood to play...
Len: Hm? It was just Kohane and An here?
MEIKO: Yes, that's right.
Rin: What were you giving them advice about, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Hmm... I probably shouldn't tell you behind their backs...
MEIKO: Details aside, they were concerned about having confidence in themselves.
Rin: Having confidence in themselves?
MEIKO: Yes. Kohane in particular seems to have never experienced that feeling of pride or confidence...
Len: What?! Not even once?!
Rin: So what happened after they told you? Did they figure out what to do?
MEIKO: No, not quite. I just gave them some words to think on.
Rin: But that's it?
MEIKO: Yes. I mean, how someone feels confident about themselves varies wildly from person to person.
MEIKO: But I'm sure An, Akito and Toya will help figure out the rest.
Len: Okay...
MEIKO: And look at you two. Could it be that you wanted to talk to them about this too?
Len: Yeah, that and...
Len: It's just... That's sort of all we're able to do for them, you know?
Rin: I know, right...? We're always trying so hard to help make their dreams come true.
MEIKO: Oh? What if I told you that just listening to what someone has to say can make them feel much better?
Rin: That's true, but we still end up wanting to do something for them...
Len: Yeah.
Len: You and Miku are adults, so it's easy for you to watch over everyone. But for us, it's really hard.
MEIKO: Are you sure? I feel like you've done quite a bit for them already...
MEIKO: Don't forget that these are also just my own personal beliefs, so you don't need to feel compelled to do exactly what I do. Understand?
Rin & Len: Huh?
MEIKO: I believe in what I believe in. You two believe in what you believe in. That's completely normal, right?
MEIKO: That's why it's also natural for you two to act and think differently.
Len: So it's okay for us to try and help them more?
MEIKO: Yes, of course.
MEIKO: (For them to make their dream come true, I'm sure they'll have to face many different challenges along the way.)
MEIKO: (We need to be there for them and support them in whatever ways we can.)
MEIKO: Oh, however... You can't be pushy about it, okay?
MEIKO: You have to always keep their feelings in mind. Be listeners and not speakers...
MEIKO: Promise me you'll do that.
Rin & Len: We promise!
MEIKO: Hehe.
MEIKO: And since you're here, would you like something to drink...?
Rin: Yeah, I'm parched since we literally ran over here! I'd like an orange juice!
Len: Me too!
MEIKO: Okay, coming right up.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Crase Cafe]

KAITO: So they managed to get revenge on that event they mentioned? What was it called, STAY GOLDEN?
MEIKO: Yes, it seems that way.
KAITO: Good for them. Especially since they spent so much time practicing here too.
KAITO: I'm sure you felt a sense of relief as well, Miku. You seemed so anxious as the event approached.
Miku (VBS): That was because I know that practicing as much as possible doesn't necessarily mean you'll get results when it matters.
Miku (VBS): But I'm so proud of them. Kohane in particular since I heard she did something absolutely incredible.
KAITO: Oh, really?! I wish I could've heard her sing.
MEIKO: Oh, speaking of which...
Kohane: Hello!
Miku (VBS): You're here early. Are you done with practice already?
An: Yup. We're gonna be in another battle event tomorrow as a team, so we took it easy today.
Miku (VBS): Oh, really...? Do you think you'll win?
Akito: Well, yeah.
Toya: We couldn't be in better shape either.
Miku (VBS): That's great, and I wouldn't expect anything less.
MEIKO: Hehe. Now then, what can I get you guys?
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Here you are, Kohane, An. That should be everything, right?
Kohane: Yes, thank you very much.
An: I kinda feel bad about us coming in all together and barraging you with orders.
MEIKO: Hehe. I'm doing this because I love it, so there's nothing for you to worry about.
MEIKO: But it never ceases to amaze me how lively this place has become...
(Black cut)
Len: Hey, I was saving that cookie for later...!
Rin: I didn't see your name on it! The early bird gets the worm, right?
Akito: How is it that you two can fight over absolutely nothing?
Rin & Len: Because he...! Because she...!
(Black cut)
KAITO: Oh, Weekend Garage? It would be nice to try their coffee sometime.
Toya: Then why don't I bring you some of their original blend next time? All I'd have to do is buy some.
KAITO: You'd do that?! Thank you, I can't wait to try it!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: It's such a strange thing. Rin, Len and everyone else hardly ever used to come here. Now it's like they're here every day.
An: Yeah, come to think of it, I didn't really see Rin around when we first came here...
MEIKO: Yes. That may also have something to do with her constantly fighting with Len...
MEIKO: But she seemed to be wandering and singing all by herself for some time.
Kohane: I never knew that.
MEIKO: However, she and Len eventually made up. Then they met all of you, started singing together, and found a home here.
MEIKO: I have a feeling that they saw you guys and felt a need to treat each other better as partners.
An: Wait, really...?
MEIKO: You may have to ask them to find out if I'm right, but I believe so.
MEIKO: Thank you for being such a good influence.
Kohane & An: ...
MEIKO: Oh, is something bothering you?
Kohane: It just surprised me a little is all.
An: Yeah. It just felt like we've been relying on you, MEIKO, and everybody else here so much.
MEIKO: Hehe. That's a two-way street.
MEIKO: You've already done quite a lot for all of us here.
Kohane: We have...?
MEIKO: You care about your partners and your team. You work diligently as a team to overcome whatever challenges you're faced with...
MEIKO: Miku, Rin, Len, everyone... They all saw how you worked together as a team and are doing their best to keep up with you guys.
MEIKO: And I couldn't be happier to see them practicing so hard.
MEIKO: Well, with the exception of KAITO. You know how he is...
MEIKO: But I'm also here to make my cafe a place where you can all feel like you belong.
Kohane: Yes, I see. It really is nice being here.
An: Yeah, I think so too. You're even here to give us great advice about stuff.
MEIKO: And feel free to keep asking.
MEIKO: Plus, you coming to visit helps make this place just that much more vibrant.
Kohane & An: Thank you!
MEIKO: (Such a vibrant little cafe.)
MEIKO: (Hehe. I wonder if our little friend will return too now that this place has become so lively.)
MEIKO: I'll be looking forward to when that happens.
(Black cut)
