276_MEIKO (MMJ)_R4 Use A Rabbit As A Springboard?! (event_33)

Gacha phrase: It's fall so how about a moon viewing party♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

MEIKO: Hmm... What should I do for my next show?
MEIKO: Being able to bond with the audience during shows up to this point has been nice, but I kind of want to make this one a little more special...
MEIKO: Aren't there any good ideas out there...?
MEIKO: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO: Yeah, I can do something moon viewing themed!
MEIKO: It'll definitely feel special too since it's going to be so different from what I usually do♪
MEIKO: But as much as I want to start working on this idea, I really don't know much about moon viewings.
MEIKO: Hmm... Maybe I should ask Minori and the girls about this.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom]

Airi: There. Our moon viewing stream should be all set to go now...
Haruka: Your ideas were so well-thought-out too, Shizuku. This is sure to become a fun stream.
Minori: Yeah, Shizuku, you did an amazing job!
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you♪ I wouldn't have been able to do this without all your help.
MEIKO: <Hi, girls, do you have a minute?>
Minori: M-MEIKO?!
MEIKO: <Hehe. Sorry for the surprise visit. There's something I'd like to ask all of you.>
Airi: Ask us? Did something happen?
MEIKO: <Well...>
(Black cut)
MEIKO: <So I was wondering if you girls could teach me what you know about moon viewings...>
Airi: I see. If that's the case, we'd be happy to help!
MEIKO: <Really?!>
Haruka: Yes. We were just having a discussion about some moon viewing segments that we'll be doing.
Haruka: It could even act as a mock rehearsal for us, so why don't you sit back and watch us for a little bit?
MEIKO: <Yes, I'd love to! Thank you.>
(Black cut)
Shizuku: I'll start with an introduction...
MEIKO: <Great, thanks♪>
Shizuku: It's believed that moon viewings first gained prominence in Japan during the Heian period.
MEIKO: <The Heian era... That's around when the Pillow Book was written, yes?>
Shizuku: Yes, exactly. And moon viewing originally began as an event that was celebrated by nobles.
Shizuku: These exclusive parties mostly involved drinking sake, reading poems and playing wind or string instruments while riding on special boats.
Airi: It started gaining popularity amongst commoners during the Edo period.
Airi: But by this time, it'd turned into a traditional farming ritual.
MEIKO: <Yes, I see. So the actual purpose of the event evolved as time passed.>
Minori: Yeah! What began as a series of events for celebrating the fall harvest became one really big party!
Shizuku: Hehe. It's so interesting how this all came about.
Shizuku: And it kept evolving too. Now, we celebrate by presenting offerings in the form of dango and pampas grass.
Shizuku: How we celebrate moon viewing today is actually a rather recent development.
MEIKO: <That's so intriguing! I've learned so much already!>
Haruka: Also, rabbits are closely tied with moon viewings because of how they were portrayed in folk tales...
(Black cut)
Haruka: I believe that's about everything...
Shizuku: Do you think it'll help?
MEIKO: <Yes, I think so! Nobles, the harvest... I'm starting to get some good ideas already♪>
Minori: Really?! That's great!
MEIKO: <I'll try to work what I learned from you all today into my next show!>
MEIKO: <Thank you so much♪>
MEIKO: (Alright, how do I go about this show?)
MEIKO: (I could wear something much more Japanese and... Oh, I could even try working in some traditional Japanese dances into my dance routine♪) 
Minori: So, MEIKO, have you decided what you wanna do for your show?
MEIKO: <Hehe. Well...>
MEIKO: <You'll just have to wait until then♪>
Minori: No...! Can you give us a tiny clue...?
MEIKO: <Hehe. I'll make sure to let you know when it'll be, so I hope you'll be able to come by and see it♪>
Minori: Great! I absolutely promise to go!
Airi: We'll be looking forward to it, MEIKO!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

MEIKO: Okay, my costume's all ready and so is everything else for this show.
MEIKO: All that's left is for me to stay focused and keep practicing. Hehe. I'm so excited!
Miku (MMJ): MEIKO, hello!
MEIKO: Miku! Luka! Hi there♪
Luka: You're doing a moon viewing show, right? I can't wait to see it♪
Miku (MMJ): How's everything going for it? Do you need any help?
MEIKO: Thanks, but I think I'm all set♪ It's ready to go off without a hitch.
Miku (MMJ): Really? It's so amazing how you're able to plan entire shows by yourself.
Luka: Yes, it really is. I'm looking forward to seeing it very much♪
Miku (MMJ): I also remember seeing some Japanese-looking clothes lying around... Are you planning on wearing them during your show?
MEIKO: Yes, aren't they gorgeous? They fit in with the show's theme so nicely too.
MEIKO: Not only that, I'm hoping to do things a little differently during this show compared to normal.
Luka: Different how?
Miku (MMJ): What are you going to do?
MEIKO: Hehe. Why don't I just show you with a special sneak peek?
(Black cut)
MEIKO: My plan is to divide the entire show into three separate parts.
Miku (MMJ): Three parts?
MEIKO: Yes. Minori and the others explained to me how moon viewing celebrations evolved over the course of history.
MEIKO: That's why I want the crowd to also experience how things change as time passes♪
Luka: Oh, that sounds so interesting. What did you have in mind specifically?
MEIKO: First, I'll start with a Heian period theme.
MEIKO: I'll wear something that looks like a traditional twelve-layered kimono while playing music that features kotos and flutes♪
Miku (MMJ): Yes, that would be quite different from what you usually do.
MEIKO: Right? I was also thinking about working in some traditional Japanese dances into my routine.
MEIKO: By dimming the spotlight, it could act as the moon that the nobles saw in ye olde times while the audience gets to celebrate it now.
Luka: My, what a wonderful idea♪
Miku (MMJ): What comes after that?
MEIKO: Part two will be more about how commoners integrated moon viewings into their fall harvest celebrations.
MEIKO: And part three would bring us back to the present. Here, we'll all sing and dance to some fun music, while looking up at the same moon♪
Miku (MMJ): That's so cool! It's one big party from start to finish♪
Luka: I agree. I had fun just listening to your explanation♪
MEIKO: Hehe. Thanks♪
MEIKO: I'm essentially doing three different shows all at once this time, so my goal is to show everyone a different MEIKO during each part.
MEIKO: Part one in particular, the one about the Heian period, since I'll need to present myself with grace and serenity.
Miku (MMJ): A graceful and serene MEIKO... You're going to look so beautiful.
Luka: I agree. Especially considering how you're usually so cute and full of energy during your shows.
Luka: Your audience might not know what to do with themselves after they see you in such a new light♪
MEIKO: Thanks, you two!
MEIKO: However, I am somewhat concerned about how my fans will react when they see me present myself that way.
MEIKO: I'm sort of wondering if I pushed the envelope a little too far with this show.
Luka: Hehe. I'm sure they won't mind.
Luka: If I were one of your fans, I would love you no matter what you wear or how you look.
Miku (MMJ): Me too♪
Miku (MMJ): Like Luka said, they really might go even more head over heels for you after they see you do this!
MEIKO: Hehe. Thanks...!
MEIKO: You're both right! This is the show I envisioned in my head. Something unique and spectacular.
MEIKO: I'll be sure to follow through until the end and make it an instant classic!
Luka: Good luck, MEIKO. I'll be cheering you on.
Miku (MMJ): Me too♪ And feel free to ask us for help if you ever need it!
MEIKO: Yes, thank you, I will! The new MEIKO's going to put on a moon viewing show the likes of which have never been seen before♪
(Black cut)
