310_MEIKO (N25)_R3 The Scales Of Justice (event_39)

Gacha phrase: Did something happen to Mizuki...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Empty SEKAI]

MEIKO: I have nothing more to say.
Ena: Hey...! MEIKO, wait!
Ena: What did you mean by that?!
MEIKO: (Looks like she's left...)
MEIKO: I really wasn't planning on telling her so much...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

MEIKO: Sometimes, talking can make things worse.
MEIKO: Why are you so obsessed with helping Mizuki?
Ena: Why? Because...
Ena: Because we're friends!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO: (But she seemed desperate and unwilling to leave unless I told her something.)
MEIKO: (And if I didn't, a certain someone would likely have tried to butt in...)
MEIKO: (Originally, I was hoping to just hear what Ena had to say while not actually telling her anything...)
Luka: Ah, I see that Ena's left already.
MEIKO: Oh, it's you... I'm guessing that you saw everything.
Luka: Hehe. Of course.
Luka: And all things considered, MEIKO, you seemed to enjoy having that little chat with her.
MEIKO: *Sigh*
MEIKO: I just gave her some advice because I thought she'd be better off hearing it from me as opposed to you.
Luka: Oh, I don't bite... Hard...
MEIKO: Says you...
MEIKO: If I decided not to talk to Ena, you would've gone to talk to her, no?
MEIKO: And you would've ruffled her feathers like you did with Kanade.
Luka: Yes, of course.
Luka: She's looking for a solution to her problem, yes? It's our job to help her along the way.
MEIKO: Again, says you.
Luka: Hehe.
Luka: But to be completely honest, I believe either of us would have sufficed...
MEIKO: Either of us...?
Luka: Yes. I certainly would've tried speaking to Ena if you decided to keep your distance.
Luka: However, you were willing to make an exception for her and decided to give her some advice yourself...
MEIKO: So...?
Luka: It didn't matter which of us spoke to her. The end result would've been the same...
Luka: Hehe. But I enjoyed seeing this side of you for a change.
MEIKO: *Sigh*
MEIKO: And now, instead of Ena, you're trying to ruffle my feathers.
MEIKO: How long have you been planning to do this...?
Luka: Just a little while ago when I noticed that Ena was looking for you.
Luka: And I wasn't “planning” anything, so don't worry.
MEIKO: That isn't very reassuring...
MEIKO: We really are incompatible with one another...
Luka: Oh, is that so? I think we're getting along just fine.
Luka: Our conversations are always so stimulating, don't you think?
MEIKO: Go talk to Rin if you want that. I'll be going now.
Luka: Hehe. We'll talk again soon.
MEIKO: *Sigh*
MEIKO: What in the world is she planning?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Empty SEKAI]

MEIKO: ...?
MEIKO: (Someone's just arrived.)
MEIKO: (Mizuki? Or...)
Ena: Hey, MEIKO, there you are!
MEIKO: Ena? Luka...?
Ena: I'm so glad that I found you! And thanks for your help, Luka!
Luka: Hehe. You're welcome.
Luka: Now that my work is done, I think I'll take a break here. Don't mind me, you two.
Ena: Okay, thanks.
MEIKO: (She's sticking around to listen to us talk...)
MEIKO: So, Ena, why were you looking for me?
Ena: About that...
Ena: I talked to Mizuki.
MEIKO: Oh... And?
Ena: And I realized what you meant by, “Sometimes, talking can make things worse,” which really helped me in the end.
Ena: Whenever something's bothering me, I usually complain about it openly or ask someone else for help because it makes me feel better...
Ena: But I realize now that not everyone is like that. Thank you so much for telling me that.
MEIKO: I'm glad it helped.
Ena: *Nod*
Ena: You must've already been aware of how Mizuki felt about talking, MEIKO, and how it probably wouldn't have helped.
MEIKO: I haven't actually talked to Mizuki about this, so I don't actually know for certain...
Ena: That's fine.
Ena: Because of what you said, MEIKO, I've decided to be patient and wait until Mizuki's ready to talk.
MEIKO: I see...
Ena: But this started to make me wonder about something else...
MEIKO: Something else?
Ena: Yeah. When I said that I'd wait, I really meant it. Even if it takes my whole life...
Ena: So I'm wondering if my declaration is going to make it hard for you or anyone else to talk to Mizuki about this.
MEIKO: Ah, I see... I don't think you need to worry about that.
MEIKO: You are you, I am me... We'll each take our own approaches.
Ena: MEIKO...
MEIKO: And I've said this before. I'm here to just observe, not intervene.
Ena: Yeah, I get that but...
Luka: Hehe. I agree with MEIKO. You don't need to mind us so much when it comes to this.
Luka: I believe we're simply supposed to act as guides in your time of need.
Ena: Guides...?
MEIKO: Although, some of us seem to enjoy sending you down more treacherous routes.
Luka: Oh, that's very scary.
MEIKO: ...
MEIKO: I believe you really should just do things the way you want.
MEIKO: And if you believe that waiting is the answer, then you'll just have to wait.
Ena: Right. I'll do that! Thanks, MEIKO!
MEIKO: You don't need to thank me.
Ena: Hehe. I want to thank you.
MEIKO: Okay...?
MEIKO: If we're done, I'll be going now.
Ena: Oh, MEIKO, wait. Can I ask you one last thing?
MEIKO: What is it...?
Ena: If something happens in the future, can I come talk to you about it?
MEIKO: ...
Luka: Hehe. Who was it that said she should do things the way she wants?
MEIKO: I don't mind listening...
Ena: That's plenty! Thanks, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Bye...
Ena: And I really appreciate you sticking around like this, Luka. I was able to talk about what I needed to thanks to you.
Luka: Hehe. Feel free to ask me again. I'll always be glad to help.
Luka: Especially if you're going to speak with MEIKO. Please let me know whenever you do.
Ena: Sure, I promise. See you later!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: (Ugh... I heard all of that, Luka...)
MEIKO: (No, that must've been deliberate.)
MEIKO: (Regardless, I plan on seeing this thing all the way through to watch where they end up...)
(Black cut)
