312_MEIKO_RB Happy Anniversary!

Gacha phrase: I'd like to show you how much I've grown!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Weekend Garage]

[Stage]

Akito: Alright... We don't have much time today, so let's call it here for now.
Toya: Yes, it is MEIKO's anniversary after all.
An: Yeah, we gotta head over to SEKAI after this.
Kohane: Oh, but there's something I need to see before we go...!
Toya: See what...?
An: Oh, right! MEIKO's anniversary show!
Akito: Oh, you mean this MEIKO.
Toya: Now I remember. You told me about it the other day, Azusawa.
Kohane: Hehe. Actually, Ichika's the one who told me about it.
Kohane: Oh, good! It just started!
An: Kohane, lemme see too!
Toya: Now that I think about it, I'm not sure I've actually seen one of this MEIKO's shows before.
Akito: Yeah. Since we're here, wanna check it out?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

MEIKO: <Hello, everyone in the audience! And hello to everyone watching the stream!>
MEIKO: <Thank you for coming to my anniversary show!>
MEIKO: <I'd like to start with this song...!>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
An: This MEIKO's really cheerful, but it has so much power too! Like a big sister you can really count on!
Kohane: Yeah, her energy's so infectious. Also, songs with a more mature theme to them really suit her.
An: I know, right?! And the way she does duets with KAITO's so cool!
Akito: Really makes you think...
Toya: How?
Akito: About SEKAI, “Untitled”, MEIKO, the others and how we can actually talk to them whenever we go and visit.
Akito: I mean, nothing about that's normal.
An: Yeah, but at the same time, all we can really do is accept as reality, right?
Akito: No, I get that. It's just...
Kohane: I still don't really understand everything behind what you mentioned, but I'm really glad that I got to meet MEIKO and everyone else...
Kohane: I wouldn't be here talking with you guys right now if I hadn't.
An: Kohane...
Kohane: And before, when it came to “VIRTUAL SINGERS”, I knew that they sang songs and stuff...
Kohane: But now, I'm close enough with them to want to celebrate their anniversaries, almost like we're family.
An: Yeah, I get what you mean!
An: We've become familiar with MEIKO from SEKAI and she's probably a little different from this MEIKO.
An: But MEIKO's still MEIKO wherever you go, so it's hard not to cheer for her!
Akito: Yeah, true.
Toya: I agree. She really has been a great friend to us.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: <Look at all the comments everybody left while watching the stream, MEIKO.>
MEIKO: <Oh wow! So many comments...>
Rin: <Whoa! There's too many to look at all at once!>
Miku: <Yeah... Oh, “MEIKO's so pretty!” And... “Does she ever not look good in red?!”>
MEIKO: <Really? That's so sweet of them! Please, feel free to keep posting more!>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kohane: Oh, I think I'll write one too!
An: Great idea! Can you write one for me too, Kohane?
Kohane: Sure!
Toya: I have to think they're getting a party ready in SEKAI too.
Akito: Yeah, we should probably head over once this stream's done.
Akito: Wait, did you remember to get what you were talking about?
An: You mean our frying pan fundraiser? Way ahead of you! We got that thing ages ago!
Kohane: I hope she likes it since she's been saying how her current one's been developing some burnt spots.
Toya: Right. It's the same one Ken likes to use, so I'm sure we made a good choice...
An: But it's hard not to feel anxious when you're about to give a gift to someone.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Toya: That was a great show...
Akito: Yeah, but the party hasn't even gotten started for us.
An: Right! So, shall we?
Kohane: Yeah! Let's give MEIKO the best celebration we can today!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Miku: Thank you all so much for coming to see MEIKO's anniversary show!
Rin: Thanks to all of you watching the stream too!
Luka: Now, let's get today's star on the stage so we can get this show started.
KAITO: Sounds like a plan! Everyone, are you ready?!
Len: Alright, let's start the countdown!
Miku & Audience: Ten!
Rin & Audience: Nine!
Len & Audience: Eight!
Luka & Audience: Seven!
KAITO & Audience: Six!
Everyone: Five!! Four!! Three!! Two!! One!!
Everyone: Zero!!
Miku: Happy anniversary, MEIKO!!
MEIKO: Hello, everyone in the audience! And hello to everyone watching the stream!
MEIKO: Thank you for coming to my anniversary show!
MEIKO: I'd like to start with this song...!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Thank you all again for coming to see my anniversary show...
KAITO: Look at all the comments everybody left while watching the stream, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Oh wow! So many comments...
Rin: Whoa! There's too many to look at all at once!
Miku: Yeah... Oh, “MEIKO's so pretty!” And... “Does she ever not look good in red?!”
MEIKO: Really? That's so sweet of them! Please, feel free to keep posting more!
MEIKO: Since it's my anniversary today, I'd like to show everyone just how much I've grown.
KAITO: Haha. Are you sure people won't get the wrong idea?
Luka: Oh... Did you hear that, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Yes, I certainly did.
MEIKO: The wrong idea? I hope you're not insinuating anything about my weight.
MEIKO: I mean, look at how I'm dressed.
Miku: Hehe. Things are really starting to heat up here, so shall we move on to our next song?
MEIKO: Sure! Next, we'll be doing two songs back to back!
Rin: We'll start with a really cool one and follow it up with something a little more mature!
Miku: Right. I'm sure everyone will be excited to hear a lady like you sing that one, MEIKO.
Luka: I agree. They might just fall head over heels for you.
MEIKO: H-Hold on, you guys...! All these expectations are starting to make me nervous...
MEIKO: But I appreciate the thought, so again, I'd like to show everyone just how much I've grown.
MEIKO: So without further ado!
MEIKO: Here we go!
(Black cut)
Len: That was so much fun!
Rin: Yeah! How about you guys? Did you have fun too?
MEIKO: Hehe. Thank you all so much! This wouldn't have been possible without you!
MEIKO: But sadly, this will be our last song...
KAITO: Oh, before you do that, there's something we need to do.
MEIKO: Huh?
Miku: Hehe. We've prepared some pre-finale messages for you as a little surprise.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000018/bg_s000018.webp)
Miku: Happy anniversary, MEIKO. Your voice always finds a way to cheer me up and give me courage.
Miku: And you've done so much for me outside of shows, so please feel free to ask me for help if you ever need it.
Rin: Happy anniversary, MEIKO!
Rin: I love shows so much! Everything from the way you interact with everyone to your great reactions!
Rin: Hehe. I'm really looking forward to seeing more!
Len: Thanks for helping Rin and I come up with ideas and trying them out!
Len: If possible, I'd like to pay you back somehow by helping you out in the same way.
Len: So if you ever want to try out any new ideas, I'll be happy to help!
Luka: Happy anniversary, MEIKO. Your strength is always so inspiring since you overcome obstacles so easily.
Luka: I hope you'll keep being the big sister I can rely on♪
KAITO: Doing an anniversary show like this with you, MEIKO, just makes me so happy.
KAITO: Not only are you always incredibly cheerful, you're also very thoughtful of others. I'm sure that's why everyone is here celebrating with you today.
KAITO: So I hope you'll keep being the wonderful person you are.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Miku: Alright, everybody, one last time...
Miku: One, two...!
Everyone: Happy anniversary, MEIKO!
MEIKO: ...!
MEIKO: I... I don't know what to say... I might need a moment before I sing...
MEIKO: Miku, all of you... Thank you so much!
MEIKO: I'll always be there for you! I'm happy to help whenever you need me!
Miku: *Nod*
MEIKO: Thank you again for today, everyone!
MEIKO: I promise to make this year a good one and plan to sing as much as I can.
MEIKO: And I'll start by singing a song that shows just how happy I feel right now...!
MEIKO: I hope you enjoy the show and don't forget to stick around until the end!
(White cut)
