358_MEIKO (WxS)_R4 Where Is The Crying Coming From? (event_46)

Gacha phrase: Hm? Do you hear something?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku & MEIKO: A-America...?!
Tsukasa: Yes, Mr. Riley personally invited us to come and visit his park.
Emu: Yup♪ And we're gonna learn all about what makes it such a fun place☆
KAITO: I see. That's wonderful!
MEIKO: It really is! I mean, America... As in the U.S.A!
Rui: The United States of America indeed...
Rui: The land of the free that's also known as the melting pot of the world.
Rin: That's so cool! But isn't it really, really far away?
Len: Yeah! There's a big ocean between here and there. It's not like you can swim to get there, right?
Nene: Yeah, swimming's not really an option... We have a long flight ahead of us as it is.
Emu: Yup. It's so far away that we go back in time a day on the way there, and we jump ahead a day on our way back!
Miku (WxS): What?! You're gonna go backwards and forwards by a day?!
Emu: Yeah! I was surprised too when my big brothers first told me!
Rin: I-Is it some kind of magic? Are you sure the “S” doesn't stand for “Sorcery”?
KAITO: Ah, well...
MEIKO: She could be right. I mean, it's sunny over where when it's night over here, right?
Rin & Len: Yeah!
KAITO: MEIKO... Please try not to get the wrong idea.
Tsukasa: As far as I can tell, she's just having a little fun with this.
MEIKO: Oh, too easy?
Nene: Anyway... There's no magic or sorcery involved, Rin, Len. It's because we have to cross the “International Date Line” to get there...
Emu: Oh, we should tell Luka about our trip too.
MEIKO: Ah, Luka's probably asleep right now, so I'll be sure to tell her later♪
MEIKO: I'm sure you all still have lots of packing to do. We wouldn't want any of you to forget anything, so don't let us keep you up!
KAITO: Yes, I agree. You can always let us know later once you're all settled.
Tsukasa: Alright, later it is!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO: So Tsukasa and the others will be going a long way overseas to visit Riley Dream Park...♪
Miku, Rin & Len: Yay♪
Luka: Zzz... Yay... Mhm...
MEIKO: Were you listening at all, Luka?
Luka: Yes. A fun visit... To sheep land...
MEIKO: You mean, dreamland?! Not the United States?!
KAITO: Also, this is more business than pleasure from what I understand.
KAITO: But we were talking about seeing what this theme park is like if we do get a chance, Luka.
Luka: Oh, that sounds fun.
KAITO: It certainly does. However, we'll still need to make sure that they get to learn as much as they can.
KAITO: Does that sound alright with everyone?
Everyone: Yeah♪
Miku (WxS): I can't wait to fly on an airplane☆
Rin: Me too! Me too! I really wanna see what's outside the window while they're flying♪
Len: Yeah, I can't wait to see what everything's like from way above the clouds!
Luka: Hm... The clouds...?
Luka: Hehe. They sound so nice and fluffy...
MEIKO: Oh, Luka, you can't sleep on... Nevermind...
KAITO: Unfortunately...
KAITO: Emu's brothers are going to be with them during their flight, so we may not be able to join them on the plane.
Len: Oh... That's too bad...
Rin: Aww, I was really looking forward to seeing the sky from up there.
KAITO: Ah, well...
MEIKO: Hey, we can always ride the flying train, so let's turn that frown upside down!
MEIKO: All we have to do is to ask it to go a little higher than normal, and it'll be just like we're flying on an airplane♪
Len: Y-Yeah, you're right!
Miku (WxS): Wow☆ Great idea, MEIKO!
MEIKO: Isn't it?
KAITO: Nice save, MEIKO. Thank you.
MEIKO: It's okay. I was just making up for teasing them about that other thing earlier.
Luka: Hehe. The first sights we see really could be of the United States by the time we're notified.
MEIKO: Very true! We have it easy by contrast since we don't have to worry about any luggage♪
Miku (WxS): Oh no! I was thinking about which snacks we should take on our flight...
Miku (WxS): But does this mean they won't be necessary?
Len: No, I still want snacks...
KAITO: Then, why don't we take some on the train to better simulate our in-flight experience?
Rin: Yeah, that'd be perfect!
Luka: I'd like that as well. I'll even be able to have some while napping on a comfy cloud.
MEIKO: Again, clouds over there don't really work like that! Also, where are your manners?
Everyone: Haha.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

MEIKO: Alright, everyone, we're going to start handing out the gifts that Tsukasa and the others brought back for us♪
KAITO: Plushies, if you'll please form an orderly line.
Plushies: Okay!
Doggie Plushie: Hehe. I want some snacks, so I'll take these!
Kitty Plushie: I'll take... This bandana.
MEIKO: Sure, let me tie that on for you♪ Stay still for a second...
MEIKO: Oh, our doggie friend here has one around its neck too. You two could match...
MEIKO: I know! Why don't I tie yours the same way?
Kitty Plushie: Yeah! Thanks, MEIKO!
MEIKO: And... All done♪
Doggie Plushie: Hey, that looks pretty good on you.
Kitty Plushie: It does? Thanks!
(Black cut)
KAITO: Phew... I believe that's everything.
Luka: Yes, we had just enough for everyone...
MEIKO: Says the person who was dozing off part way through.
MEIKO: Still, America was much more fun than I anticipated.
Luka: Hehe. We did get to see quite a bit of that park.
MEIKO: Yes, we did! The show we saw was absolutely breathtaking, while all the rides and attractions let you dive into their own individual stories or worlds♪
KAITO: Not only that, Tsukasa and the others seemed to also make some profound realizations.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO: Yes, Emu especially...
MEIKO: She knows what she carries now. She understands just how “important” she is to everyone else around her.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: I've decided to hang on to my dreams while learning to balance them with reality!
Emu: If my dreams ever start getting too big, I promise to take a step back to see if it's really possible...
Emu: And if I start putting down my own ideas too much, I'll just crawl into bed and come up with more while I'm asleep...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO: Yes, I'm so glad for her.
Luka: But balancing your dreams with reality seems so hard.
Luka: I'd say I'm dreaming for twenty and in reality for four.
MEIKO: Twenty and four...?
KAITO: Ah... Do you mean that you're asleep for twenty hours a day but awake for four?
Luka: Correct, KAITO.
MEIKO: This isn't quiz time! Sloths and pandas live more active lives than you!
KAITO: Haha...
KAITO: But Luka's right in saying that it's challenging to balance your dreams with reality.
MEIKO: True...
MEIKO: Still, I want them to dream big and as much as possible.
MEIKO: My favorite part about them is how they're so happy-go-lucky in terms of what kinds of shows they do and how they present them♪
MEIKO: I feel really happy whenever they just get to be themselves!
Luka: Hehe. You're usually pretty hands-on when it comes to motivating everyone, but it's nice seeing you sit back and watch like this from time to time.
MEIKO: Oh? Is that so?
KAITO: Yes. When you were handing out gifts to the plushies just now, you had this incredibly warm and gentle expression on your face.
KAITO: On top of that, you were the one who first realized that there was a child in distress while we were in the U.S.
MEIKO: Oh, that?
MEIKO: That caught my attention because it seemed odd that someone was crying in a place that's supposed to be full of smiles and laughter.
MEIKO: It could also be that my ears are more sensitive to those kinds of sounds because this SEKAI's filled with so much joy.
KAITO: I see.
Luka: Hmm... In that case...
Luka: Waahhh... Waahhh...
MEIKO: Uh, Luka?
Luka: Waahhh. I'm so sleepy...
Luka: *Sob* Where could MEIKO be...? Her lap would make the perfect pillow right now.
KAITO: Hehe. So she says, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Wh-What do you want me to say? You expect me to take care of a big baby like her?
Luka: *Sob*  MEIKO...
MEIKO: Oh, you... Fine. Just for a little while, alright?
Luka: Hehe. Thank you♪ I'll be able have some wonderful dreams now.
MEIKO: Is that what you actually meant by what you said earlier?
KAITO: Haha.
(Black cut)
