408_MEIKO (VBS)_R3 Spring Menu Tasting (event_54)

Gacha phrase: Let's make something really special together.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Kohane: And this is that photo...
MEIKO: Kohane, An, thank you for waiting. Here's your cafe au lait with cream and honey, and your milk tea.
Kohane: Thank you, MEIKO.
An: Mmm... It's like you always know how to make the tea you brew have this great aroma, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Hehe. I'm glad you like it so much.
MEIKO: Rin, would you like some more juice?
Rin: No, I'm okay! More importantly, MEIKO, you should look at this photo.
MEIKO: What photo?
Kohane: Oh, it's this photo... It's the cherry blossom tree in the park where we usually practice.
MEIKO: Look at that. You can see some little, pink buds. They're so cute.
MEIKO: (I guess that means it's almost spring.)
An: Cherry blossoms in other places have already started blooming, so this one should follow suit pretty soon.
Rin: Cherry blossoms sound so nice. I wish we could get a taste of spring like you guys.
MEIKO: Hmm... A taste of spring, huh...?
MEIKO: (In that case...)
(Black cut)
Rin: MEIKO, I'm done cleaning the cups and saucers.
MEIKO: Thank you, Rin. I appreciate the help.
Rin: Hehe. You're welcome! Is that all for today?
MEIKO: Yes, I'll be using the rest of this time to come up with new menu items.
Rin: What?! New menu items?!
MEIKO: Hehe. That's right.
MEIKO: I thought it'd be nice to make some pink drinks and such based on the cherry blossom buds we saw in that photo.
MEIKO: And remember what you said, Rin? Don't you want to get a taste of spring?
Rin: I do! Oh, can I help come up with ideas for your menu?
MEIKO: Of course! I was actually going to ask you the same thing.
Rin: Yay! Thank you so much, MEIKO!
MEIKO: It's my pleasure. Why don't we start by brainstorming together?
Rin: Okay!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Alright, that should be more than enough.
Rin: We came up with so many! Hot sandwiches that look like cherry blossom petals, pink crepes and a cherry blossom chiffon cake!
MEIKO: Hehe. We should keep cherry blossom pancakes in mind for Akito too.
MEIKO: As for drinks... It's starting to warm back up but it still feels dry out...
MEIKO: Kohane and the others usually like to stop by after practice, so why don't we put the drink menu together first? 
Rin: Okay! They gotta be pink since it's gonna be all about cherry blossoms!
MEIKO: Yes, I agree. We could try using strawberry syrup in a slightly clever way to give our drinks that pink tone.
Rin: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Rin: MEIKO, look! This is all nice and pink now!
MEIKO: Hey, look at that. Let's give it a taste...
MEIKO: Oh, so close! The strawberry flavor's still too overpowering.
Rin: You think so too? Alright, we'll just have to cut back on the syrup somehow.
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Okay, here's our second new menu item. A cherry blossom smoothie.
Rin: Oh wow! The whipped cream on top even looks kinda pink!
Rin: Let's give it a taste!
MEIKO: How is it...? I tried suppressing the sweetness a bit to smoothen out how it tastes...
Rin: This is so good! But personally, I think the whipped cream should be a little sweeter.
MEIKO: Alright, I'll try making the next batch a little sweeter.
(Black cut)
Rin: Wow... My mouth tastes so sugary now...
MEIKO: Hehe. Let me pour you a nice palette cleanser.
Rin: Okay. Thanks, MEIKO.
Rin: Do you always have to eat and drink this much to come up with new menu items?
MEIKO: Yes. Why do you ask?
Rin: I remember this process being really tough the other time I helped you.
Rin: Getting to try everything is nice, but it all starts to taste the same after a while on top of my tummy getting full.
MEIKO: Hehe. Some of my experiments will fail completely, but I still have to take responsibility and eat them. For example, pancakes that don't end up tasting very good.
Rin: That can't be easy. How are you able to keep coming up with new things for your menu...?
MEIKO: Because there's nothing better than seeing everyone trying my new creations and saying, “This is delicious!”
Rin: Wait, that's all it takes...?
MEIKO: Yes, that's all it takes. I became hooked after my first few attempts.
Rin: Haha! Then, I hope the others say the same for what we're making right now.
MEIKO: Me too. But we still have to keep trying for that to happen.
MEIKO: And here's your palette cleanser. Let's get right back to it after we've had a chance to rest.
Rin: Okay! I'm gonna do my best too!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO: Alright, here you are. A cherry blossom smoothie and a cherry blossom latte.
Kohane: Thank you very much, MEIKO!
MEIKO: And here's your guys' order, Akito. Cherry blossom pancakes, cherry blossom cookies and my house blend. 
Akito: Perfect. Thank you.
Miku (VBS): Luka and KAITO are asking for seconds, MEIKO.
Luka: Also, I'd love to try some of those pancakes!
MEIKO: Sure thing. Just give me a minute.
Rin: Looks like your cherry blossom stuff's a big hit, MEIKO!
MEIKO: Yes, it's nice to see that.
MEIKO: (This was what I was hoping to see. Their smiles.)
MEIKO: How do you feel after seeing everyone smile like this, Rin?
Rin: Hehe. Waaay too good! Now I kinda see why you're so hooked on this feeling, MEIKO!
MEIKO: Oh, that reminds me. There's something I've been meaning to ask all of you.
An: Huh? Ask us, MEIKO?
Toya: Did you come up with more new menu items?
MEIKO: No, it's not that. I'm wondering how you all feel about this cafe's interior.
MEIKO: We went through the trouble of coming up with cherry blossom-themed menu items, so I thought it'd be nice to make the cafe feel more springlike.
Len: More springlike...?
Miku (VBS): What if you put some cherry blossoms or other spring flowers on display?
Luka: That sounds lovely! You could make the whole cafe bloom!
Luka: I know! How about raining flower petals?
Toya: I just happen to know someone with a device that can make that happen...
Akito: Hold up. Raining flower petals sounds like a bit much, don't you think?
MEIKO: I agree... I wouldn't want any to fall into people's food or drinks...
Luka: Aww, even if they're edible?
MEIKO: I may consider it if you're willing to help me clean everything up afterwards, Luka.
Luka: Guh... I wasn't thinking that far ahead.
MEIKO: Oh you...
Kohane: Um, what if you used cups, saucers and placemats with flower petal designs? Wouldn't that be nice and cute?
An: Yeah, you could brighten up the place just by having matching tableware and stuff.
MEIKO: Oh, that does sound nice. There are these cups and placemats that I've been meaning to use too.
KAITO: I'd like to come up with some background music that makes it feel like spring's arrived.
KAITO: Mind if I try creating a mix for your cafe, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Yes, be my guest. If anything, I should be the one asking you to do this.
KAITO: Ah, wonderful. I promise to do my best.
Miku (VBS): This is great, MEIKO. Everyone's coming up with so many ideas.
MEIKO: It really is! Why don't we set aside a day to remodel this place together?
Rin & Len: Yeah!
(Black cut)

[Remodeling day]

MEIKO: Thank you for taking the time to join me here today. Let's all do our best to give this place the spring makeover it deserves.
Kohane & An: Yeah!
Rin: Hehe. I'm gonna do everything I can since you're always there for me, MEIKO!
Len: Me too!
Luka: Me three♪ Also, what are we supposed to be doing?
Len: You really don't remember, Luka?!
Rin: We're in charge of making the paper flowers!
Miku (VBS): That's right. Here, look at these.
Luka: What are these? Square fans? No, that doesn't seem right. We're supposed to turn these into flowers?
(Black cut)
Kohane: Wow! Look at these placemats! They're adorable!
MEIKO: I know, right? I shied away from using them until now because I was afraid they'd clash with the cafe's vibe...
An: But we're decorating the place with flowers now, so these placemats should go great alongside them.
MEIKO: Yes. While we're at it, let's also take a look at the cups and saucers.
(Black cut)
KAITO: That's about how it goes. What do you think after hearing it all the way through?
Akito: I can't believe you went with a full spring mix. I was expecting it to sound jazzier or something, you know? 
KAITO: I thought about doing that as well, but this just burst into my head when I began thinking about animals hibernating in winter...!
Akito: Huh? Animals hibernating in winter?
KAITO: Yes! It opens with a piano solo for that very reason.
KAITO: Just think about it. What do animals do when they wake from such a long slumber?
Toya: I see. It begins with a piano solo, but more and more instruments get added to the mix as time progresses to show that these animals are finally awake.
Akito: Oh, now it makes sense.
Akito: I usually expect your mixes to start off with a big bang, so this gradual growth in sound sort of felt new to me.
Toya: I agree. But what he's come up with seems much more suited for a cafe, no?
Akito: Yeah, I get what you mean. It has presence but it's not in your face about it.
KAITO: Thank goodness! I was worried about how it'd turn out after doing some experimenting, but it was worth the risk.
(Black cut)
An: Okay, we'll start setting the tables using these placemats and cups!
MEIKO: Yes, thank you.
MEIKO: (They all seem to be enjoying themselves.)
MEIKO: (I hesitated to put up a lot of decorations since this place has such a simple interior...)
MEIKO: (But I want this place to feel welcoming and make it so everyone can talk about what's on their mind...)
MEIKO: (Giving it a brighter and warmer look may actually help with achieving that goal.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO: (And that SEKAI... That tree... It glistened with everyone's thoughts and feelings.)
MEIKO: (I want to keep doing what I can to make sure they keep shining for as long as possible...)
Kohane: MEIKO, we're done setting the tables!
MEIKO: Thank you both very much! I'll be right there.
(Black cut)
