442_MEIKO (VBS)_R4 For All Your Hard Work (event_60)

Gacha phrase: Here's a special plate for you, An.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Toya: Thank you very much for the delicious lunch and coffee, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Oh, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Good luck with practice.
Kohane & An: Thank you!
MEIKO: Hehe. They seemed to have no problem getting through all the colorful veggies I included in the special lunch.
MEIKO: (Although, tomatoes and carrots would've gone a long way in terms of balancing out the colors...)
MEIKO: (At the same time, it'd be pretty mean of me to include them since I know certain people would rather not have those things.)
MEIKO: Oh, Miku, welcome.
Miku (VBS): Hm? I thought Kohane and the others would be here. Did I just miss them...?
MEIKO: Yes, they went off to practice just a moment ago.
Miku (VBS): Okay...
MEIKO: But since you're here, would you like some coffee?
Miku (VBS): Yes, that sounds nice. I'll take a cafe au lait.
MEIKO: You got it.
MEIKO: By the way, An and Kohane are supposed to work as models tomorrow.
Miku (VBS): As models?
MEIKO: Yes. An's playing a bride with Kohane supporting her as a bridesmaid.
Miku (VBS): Oh, An's the bride? What kind of dress do you think she's going to wear?
MEIKO: Hehe. I knew you'd be curious. So, I asked them to bring by some pictures once they're ready.
Miku (VBS): Good call.
MEIKO: However, one thing is bugging me...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: A long time ago, I saw an actual bride on Vivid Street...
(White cut)
An: Like you, MEIKO! She seemed so beautiful, mature and collected!
(White cut)
An: I'm reminded every time of that moment when I think about what a bride is... I don't really fit the bill, do I?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (VBS): Oh, she believes she doesn't fit the bill...?
MEIKO: Yes. Speaking of which, Miku, what image comes to mind when you think about brides?
Miku (VBS): Hm? Nothing all that specific... Someone who's dazzling and full of joy...?
Miku (VBS): But I also think the individual matters quite a bit when it comes to “being a bride”.
MEIKO: Right... I sure hope An doesn't take what she said too far...
Miku (VBS): If you feel the need, why don't you visit them during the shoot tomorrow?
MEIKO: But that means I'd have to close up shop...
Miku (VBS): Don't worry. I'll keep things running while you're gone.
MEIKO: Wait, Miku, you will?!
Miku (VBS): Yes. Well, to be fair, I'll only be able to serve coffee and the sandwiches I've learned how to make.
MEIKO: Th-Thank you, Miku. I really appreciate the offer...
MEIKO: (But Miku using the kitchen knives all by herself... No, I can't go knowing that it could actually happen...!)
Miku (VBS): Hmm... I guess just sandwiches and coffee wouldn't really count as keeping this place running, huh?
MEIKO: That's not entirely true... However, I wouldn't want you getting hurt doing something you're not really used to...
MEIKO: (Looks like my visit's a bit out of the question now.)
Rin: Hiya! We dropped by for a visit!
MEIKO: Welcome, Rin. Oh...!
KAITO: MEIKO, can I get my usual...?
MEIKO: KAITO! Perfect! There's something I need you to do for me!
KAITO: Hm? Me?
MEIKO: Yes! You're the only person I can ask, KAITO!
Miku (VBS): MEIKO and I were just talking about how she could make some time to visit An and Kohane tomorrow.
Miku (VBS): And if it'd be okay for me to keep this place running in her stead...
KAITO: Wait, Miku, you?! In charge?! Does that include serving the food...?
Miku (VBS): Yes, but all I'd be able to serve is coffee and the sandwiches MEIKO taught me to make.
KAITO: Are you sure about this, MEIKO?!
MEIKO: I mean, I really appreciate Miku's offer... But I'd rather not see her get hurt by trying to do something she's not used to...
Miku (VBS): But I really don't think you have to get so worried about me making some sandwiches.
KAITO: Hold it right there! They're not just “some sandwiches” in this case!
Miku (VBS): Oh, right. MEIKO does put a lot of thought into them, so it's wrong for me to devalue them in any way...
KAITO: Huh? Um, yes! That's right! As long as you understand.
MEIKO: So, KAITO... Would you mind keeping Miku company tomorrow while she keeps this place running?
Miku (VBS): I'd prefer it if you were here as well.
KAITO: Okay, understood... The two of us should be able to handle everything!
MEIKO: Really?! Thank you so much, KAITO!
Rin: KAITO's gonna be running things?! Len and I might have to stop by tomorrow to see that.
KAITO: Wait, you're not going to help?
Rin: I mean, what's the point of running a shop if you don't have any customers?
KAITO: Haha. Point taken!
MEIKO: Thank you for making such a kind offer, Miku.
Miku (VBS): Don't mind me. I just ask that you be there for An and the others tomorrow.
MEIKO: Yes, I promise to do just that.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Luka: MEIKO, can I get a refill for my coffee?
MEIKO: Yes, of course. Would you like some as well, Rin, Len?
Rin: No, I'm okay!
Len: I think I'll take a refill!
KAITO: I can't wait to have some of that chocolate cake.
MEIKO: Oh, you... Just give me a minute.
Miku (VBS): MEIKO, I'll take care of the empty cups. Why don't you get that cake ready?
MEIKO: Okay. In that case, they're all yours.
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Alright, here you are! My special chocolate cake.
Rin & Luka: Woohoo!
Len: So this is the chocolate cake Akito was talking about!
KAITO: This is all I've been thinking about today! So, without further ado...
MEIKO: Oh, KAITO, hang on. I have to repay you for keeping an eye on things for me.
MEIKO: Here's some of my special rum raisin ice cream.
KAITO: Are you sure?! Yay!
Rin: Good for you, KAITO.
Luka: Wait, keeping an eye on things? What happened? I would've helped out if only I'd known about it...
MEIKO: Oh, the thing is...
Kohane & An: Hello!
(Black cut)
Luka: Really?! You and Kohane did some modeling together, An?
An: Yes, we did. MEIKO even paid me a visit after I said that I wasn't all that confident about being a model.
MEIKO: Oh? All I did was go over to see what you two looked like in dresses.
MEIKO: And despite whatever troubles you were having, I'm glad you figured out how to just be yourself in the end.
An: No, that was all because Shizuku and... I mean, the other people modeling with us helped me realize that I should just be me for the shoot...
An: Singing with Kohane also helped solidify the image in my head of who I want to be.
Kohane: I'm so glad that I was able to help An too.
Kohane: So, thank you very much for suggesting that I do something for her that only I can!
MEIKO: Hehe. You're very welcome.
Rin: So what kind of pictures did you guys take? I really wanna see!
An: Oh, we've got some right here! That's actually sort of why we stopped by!
Luka: Oh, An, you're so beautiful! And this dress looks amazing on you!
An: Haha. The makeup artist really worked her magic for me.
Rin: Totally. The same goes for you, Kohane. You look adorable!
Kohane: R-Really? Thanks, Rin.
KAITO: By the way, what did the entry for that photography contest look like?
An: Oh, that one... Let's see... Here it is!
KAITO: Hm? Is that a cat sitting on top of your skirt, An?
An: Oh, that's Vivi, the cat that everyone on Vivid Street just absolutely adores...
An: We found her stuck in a tree as she was about to fall and I managed to catch her using my dress.
MEIKO: Which is why all of you seem so relieved in this photo. You were glad to see that this cat was safe.
Len: Hang on. Weren't you guys supposed to be taking pictures of a wedding? I mean, you got all dressed up for one.
An: We did, but this was chosen because it really captured the moment when “happiness brings everyone together”.
Luka: Not only that, An, you literally jumped into these shrubs to save this cat. I'd expect no less from you.
Kohane & An: Hehe. Haha.
MEIKO: Happiness bringing everyone together, huh...?
Miku (VBS): That explains why I felt so much warmth coming from the pictures you brought over for us to see.
MEIKO: Yes, they were all incredibly wonderful.
MEIKO: (And this warmth...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: Singing with Kohane also helped solidify the image in my head of who I want to be.
Kohane: I'm so glad that I was able to help An too.
Kohane: So, thank you very much for suggesting that I do something for her that only I can!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO: (It feels an awful lot like that sensation from a second ago.)
Akito: Hey.
An: Oh, there you guys are!
KAITO: Welcome! This spot's free.
Toya: Thank you, KAITO.
MEIKO: Will it be the usual, you two?
Toya: Yes, please.
Akito: Oh, I could actually go for a sandwich right now.
MEIKO: Alright, coming right up.
(Black cut)
