453_MEIKO (WxS)_R3 A Challenging Spirit! (event_62)

Gacha phrase: Why don't we try to enjoy this situation?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Coast]

MEIKO: <I was worried about what would happen for a second there, but I'm glad that they were able to find both food and water.>
KAITO: <So am I. Emu in particular did a magnificent job of discovering a watering hole after just seeing some birds land in the bushes.>
Rin: <All that's left for them is to whip up a delicious dinner♪>
Len: <Yeah, I think I'm starting to get hungry!>
Miku (WxS): <Oh, me too!>
Tsukasa: Speaking of which, you've all been with us for most of the day. You should also find something to eat instead of just helping us.
Miku (WxS): <Okay♪>
Miku (WxS): <Oh, wanna go forage for food like the others are doing?>
Len: <Yeah, that sounds fun! Let's go wake Luka up and see if we can find some wild mountain herbs!>
Nene: Hang on... There aren't any mountains or anything in SEKAI, are there?
MEIKO: <Hehe. If we can't find them, we can make one♪>
Emu: Whoa! You're so cool, MEIKO!
Rui: Hehe. If you can't find a mountain, make one, eh? I see that the scale of your ideas is as big as ever.
KAITO: <Haha...>
Emu: Oh, look! It's Robo-Nene!
Robo-Nene: Welcome back, everyone.
Emu: We're back, Robo-Nene!
MEIKO: <Thank goodness we're back at base camp...>
MEIKO: <Hm? Is it just me or are things getting really dark all of a sudden...?>
KAITO: <Uh oh... What if...?!>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO: Huh...?! W-Wait!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

MEIKO: What happened?! Why were we sent back just now?!
KAITO: I have a feeling that the battery on Tsukasa's phone just ran out...
Miku & Len: Whaaaaat?!
Luka: *Yawn* Welcome back, everyone...
Rin: Luka, this is the wrong time to be napping! The battery on Tsukasa's phone just ran out!
Luka: Oh, really?
Len: Are they gonna be okay?
MEIKO: Well, they managed to find food and water, but they're likely going to be on that desert island for a while.
MEIKO: Wait, I know! Why don't we set up our own camp just in case they need a place to take shelter?
Rin: Set up our own camp...?
MEIKO: Yes. We'll need to set up a camp big enough for five in case Emu's brother joins them♪
Miku (WxS): Oh, that sounds fun!
Len: Yeah! And we'll be helping Tsukasa and the others!
Rin: Alright, I'm gonna do my best to help too!
MEIKO: Okay, let's start gathering things that are edible in SEKAI and set up a sleeping area!
KAITO: The mats we use during practices could work as substitute mattresses.
MEIKO: Great idea! Let's split up and get gathering♪
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): Guys, look! I brought over some snacks that I'd been saving for later!
(Black cut)
Rin: KAITO, mind if I use this adorable fabric as a cover for the mats?
KAITO: Oh, like sheets? That's a good idea. Thank you for doing that.
Rin: Awesome! Luka, Len, let's get the mats ready together!
Luka: Hehe. Okay...
Len: Yeah!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Our camp's coming along really nicely♪
KAITO: Yes, it is.
KAITO: ...
KAITO: I need to thank you, MEIKO...
MEIKO: Oh? What's gotten into you all of a sudden?
KAITO: Oh, it's just... Your suggestion to set up a camp made Miku and the others so enthusiastic, didn't it?
KAITO: You seem to have a knack for coming up with the right idea when we need it most.
KAITO: So... Thank you, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Hehe. You're welcome♪ But I believe I deserve a little more praise than that.
MEIKO: I mean, I've already come up with some different uses for our camping gear in the event that Tsukasa and the others tell us that they don't need to take shelter here.
KAITO: Oh, mind telling me more?
MEIKO: Not now. You'll just have to wait to find out♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

MEIKO: Alright, I'm glad that our camp turned out so nice♪
Miku (WxS): Yay☆
KAITO: Great work, everyone.
KAITO: Between the tarp we made from the stage curtains, the practice mats that we turned into beds and all this food, our camp looks spectacular.
Rin: Doesn't it?
Len: Oh, but... It's kinda too bad that we didn't have enough blankets to go around.
Luka: Right. Not even after taking some from the bed I use for when I take naps throughout the day.
MEIKO: Hehe. We should be fine then.
Plushies: MEIKO, thanks for waiting!
Miku (WxS): Hm? Hey, it's the plushies!
KAITO: Did you ask something of them, MEIKO? Mind explaining for us?
Plushies: We can be the bedding!
Plushies: Yeah! We're nice and fluffy, so we can lie down and become bedding for everyone!
KAITO: I see... Yes, you'd certainly make for some nice bedding. If anything, you'd be warm and cozy.
Luka: Yes, they would. I might just take a nap with them right now.
Rin: Was this also your idea, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Yes, it was! I tried coming up with a workaround after Len mentioned that we may not have enough bedding!
MEIKO: Now, we just need to see if Tsukasa and the others are okay...
Miku (WxS): Oh...! Did you guys feel that just now?!
MEIKO: Yes, I felt it too!
Len: Yeah, me too! Does that mean...?
MEIKO: Oh, our connection may be back!
KAITO: Yes, it might be! Hello?! Tsukasa?! Everyone?!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Thank goodness they were able to call for help.
KAITO: Not only that, they still get to do their show as ambassadors despite the change in schedule.
Luka: Hehe. I'm so glad for them.
Rin & Len: Same!
Miku (WxS): But we won't be able to go see their show...
Rin: There isn't a whole lot we can do about that since Emu and the others' phones are broken.
KAITO: Luckily, we were able to connect to Tsukasa's phone...
KAITO: But it sounded like the hologram feature wasn't working properly, so his phone may also need fixing.
Miku (WxS): Oh no. Doesn't that mean we won't be able to see them until their phones get fixed...? That's so sad...
MEIKO: We'll just have to be a bit patient. I'm sure they'll find a way to have them repaired in short order and visit us soon after.
Len: Oh, hang on... What should we do about our camp?
Rin: There's no need for them to take shelter here anymore, so I guess we have to pack everything up now...
MEIKO: Not necessarily. We went through the trouble of setting all this up, so we should make use of it♪
KAITO: Haha. Now I understand what you meant by finding a different use for our camp after realizing that they wouldn't need to take shelter here.
Luka: That sounds lovely. I think I'll start by taking a little nap on one of the beds made out of practice mats.
Len: Oh, me too!
Rin: Yeah, me three!
Miku (WxS): Hey, no fair! I wanna try it too!
MEIKO: Haha! In that case, let's use everything we set up to have a little campout!
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (WxS): Plushies! Wanna be my bedding?!
Plushies: Sure, just lie down on that bed for us! And... Here we go!
Len: Whoa! The plushies are dogpiling on top of Miku!
Rin: No fair...
Plushies: Len, Rin, do you two also wanna give it a try? There's still lots and lots of us, so we're ready whenever!
Len: Really?! I wanna try!
Plushies: Alright, here we go!
Rin: This is so amazing! I'm literally covered in plushies!
Luka: They seem so nice and fluffy. I might just ask them to do that for me next.
MEIKO: Oh, I'll go after that!
Len: Haha. You guys, that tickles...
KAITO: Hehe. This is turning into a fun and lively campout already.
MEIKO: Yes, it is! It just goes to show that SEKAI needs to be full of smiles and laughter♪
MEIKO: So, let's join in on the fun!
(Black cut)
