483_MEIKO (MMJ)_R4 Let's Start With Some Sit-Ups (event_67)

Gacha phrase: Of course, a training camp♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

MEIKO: Okay, let's call it a day. Please make sure to stretch on your own later.
Airi: Sounds good. Nice work, everyone!
Minori: Whew... Another exhausting day...
Haruka: All the more reason to stretch well.
Shizuku: She's right. It's important for us to take good care of our bodies.
Minori: Definitely!
Rin: Oh, Miku, Luka... I kinda want to keep working on that part we just did...
Miku (MMJ): Sure, of course. The part where we weren't quite in sync, right?
Luka: Oh, that part bothered me as well.
Luka: We'll be joining them to practice that part for a bit, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Okay, have fun♪
Len: Hey, KAITO. Maybe we should keep working on our part too.
KAITO: Right. Then, why don't we follow suit and start with some fine-tuning.
KAITO: What do you plan on doing, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Hmm... Well...
Airi: Oh, MEIKO! Sorry, there's actually something I need to ask you...
MEIKO: KAITO, I'll meet up with you guys after I talk to Airi.
KAITO: Okay, see you then.
Airi: Sorry about this, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Hehe. It's okay. We were just about done practicing. What was it that you wanted to ask?
Airi: I'm in the middle of coming up with ideas for our training camp and was hoping that you could tell me more about how you guys trained.
Haruka: Oh, I'd like to hear as well.
Minori: Me too! I've been practicing on my own in preparation for our solo show, so we can use what you guys did as reference!
MEIKO: Oh, in that case, I'd be more than happy to explain!
MEIKO: We started with some basic strength training drills, including sit-ups, push-ups, squats and some lat exercises.
MEIKO: After that, we did some running and worked on increasing our lung capacity by blowing up balloons♪
Minori: Eep...! Just hearing that is making my arms and legs sore!
Airi: What happened to all that enthusiasm you had just a second ago, Minori?
Minori: B-But... It's so much harder than what I was expecting to hear...
Shizuku: By the way, how many sit-ups and such did you have everybody do?
MEIKO: At least 100. And two sets of those if possible...
Minori: A-At least 100?!
Minori: If I did that, my abs would pop out and fly away somewhere!
Airi: That's a bit hard to imagine, but it might be fun to see that happen in real life...
Minori: What?!
Haruka: Two sets if possible... That sounds pretty difficult.
Shizuku: Yes, I think I can do 100, but two sets of those may be tough.
Minori: Wait a second... Don't tell me you all can do 100 sit-ups...
Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Yes. Of course.
Minori: Guh... About thirty's my limit...
MEIKO: That's perfectly okay, Minori. There's no need to feel bad.
MEIKO: I know 100 is a big number, but it's not actually about quantity.
Minori: Huh?
MEIKO: Hehe. The goal isn't to do 100 sit-ups.
MEIKO: The goal is to work up the courage to push yourself to and beyond your limit.
Minori: Courage...?
MEIKO: Of course, it's important to complete the reps you set for yourself as you train.
MEIKO: However, that doesn't mean you have to do everything on your first try. In time, as that courage within you grows, you'll be able to reach those numbers.
MEIKO: So, your first goal will be to actually try pushing yourself to your limit.
Minori: Okay...! Thank you, MEIKO.
MEIKO: You're welcome♪
MEIKO: Do you think you'll be able to apply this to your training camp, Airi?
Airi: Yeah! Thanks a bunch, MEIKO!
Airi: Not just for all these training ideas, but for your reasoning too!
MEIKO: Hehe. I'm glad I could help.
MEIKO: If there's anything else you need, please feel free to stop in and ask.
Airi: Really? Then, I might just take you up on that.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Beach]

Airi: Sorry, guys... On second thought, I'm gonna go check up on Minori! I'm really worried about her!
Haruka: A-Airi...?!
MEIKO: (I had a feeling that Airi'd be the one to go after her.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Airi: Exactly. And it's going to be a very special moment for her since these kinds of experiences only happen once during your life...
Airi: On top of that, Minori's lifelong wish has been to become an idol, so this is her dream stage.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO: (Especially since Airi gained fame as a variety idol. As a result, she began losing opportunities to perform on stage.)
MEIKO: (She more than anyone else probably knows the joy and hardships of actually performing on stage.)
Haruka: Shizuku, maybe we should also go and...
Shizuku: I'm also a little worried about Minori, but since Airi's going over to see her, she should be in good hands...
Haruka: Huh...?
Shizuku: There was a time when I also struggled to learn dance routines and didn't really know what to do. That was when Airi came to help.
Shizuku: So, let's leave this one to her.
Haruka: Okay. Especially considering how I probably won't know what else to say other than, “You don't have to push yourself so hard.”
MEIKO: <If that's the case, let's have Airi handle the advice-giving while we watch from afar.>
Luka: <Yes, since worrying and waiting are worse for your skin than the salty sea air.>
Shizuku: Right. Does that sound good, Haruka?
Haruka: Yeah, let's do that.
Haruka: MEIKO, Luka, thank you both.
MEIKO: <There's no need to thank us. For now, let's go find Minori and Airi♪>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: <Oh, look. There they are.>
Shizuku: Thank goodness. They're both smiling.
Haruka: Yeah, and Airi seems to be telling her something...
MEIKO: <Let's try scooting a little closer without interrupting their conversation.>
MEIKO: <I can hear more of what they're saying now... I think they're talking about you, Shizuku.>
Shizuku: About me...?
Shizuku: Oh, maybe they're talking about when we were still in training...
Miku (MMJ): <Oh, Minori just stood up... To do a pose...?>
Rin: <Are they gonna work on the dance she was practicing?>
MEIKO: <If so, they'll probably need something to quench their thirst.>
Haruka: Right...
Haruka: Let's give them some space and go get them some drinks.
Shizuku: Yes, let's.
(Black cut)
Rin: <Do you think they're still practicing...? Oh...>
MEIKO: <Hehe. Looks like they've finished practicing.>
Shizuku: And she seems to be taking Airi's advice well...
Haruka: Yeah. You were right, Shizuku. I'm glad we let Airi handle this.
Haruka: Thank you for suggesting that we go and take a look, MEIKO.
MEIKO: <You're wel...>
MEIKO: <Uh oh! Everyone, hide! Airi's going to see us if we don't!>
Haruka: She smiled after looking this way, so I suspect she already knows that we're here.
Rin: <D-Don't worry! We can just act like we don't know anything and say, “Oh, there you are!” That should work, right?!>
MEIKO: <Nice one, Rin! Let's try that!>
KAITO: <Haha... Still, it may be better to simply just walk over.>
Shizuku & Haruka: Hehe.
(Black cut)
