547_MEIKO (MMJ)_R4 As A Fan (event_78)

Gacha phrase: I know you all so well.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Haruka: Thank you all for your advice. I have a much better idea of what to do now.
MEIKO: Hehe. You're very welcome♪
Rin: See you later, Haruka!
Haruka: Okay, see you!
(Black cut)
Luka: Haruka seemed much better compared to when she arrived just earlier.
MEIKO: Yes, I'm glad we could help.
MEIKO: Still, I didn't realize how tough it could be to decide whether or not to appear on TV...
Miku (MMJ): Me neither... Especially since it's a big opportunity for MORE MORE JUMP! to really increase their name recognition.
Luka: Yes, it is. But Shizuku and Airi have had some bad experiences in the past...
MEIKO: Which means it's incredibly important right now for them to give this appearance a lot of thought. For them and the sake of MORE MORE JUMP!
MEIKO: But as things stand... I'd like to see them on TV.
MEIKO: As long as they remain true to their feelings, I believe that everyone will hear their message loud and clear.
Rin: Yeah, me too♪
Miku (MMJ): Wow, they're really going to be on TV...! They've come such a long way.
MEIKO: Yes, they have. Former top idols being in this group has also attracted a lot of attention.
MEIKO: And successfully putting on a solo show has only given them a bigger boost.
Rin: That's so awesome! I wish I could go on TV! I bet it'd be so much fun!
Luka: Oh, by the way, Rin, what kind of program would you like to be on?
Rin: Hmm... A music one! I wanna sing and dance and make everybody smile!
Luka: I see. That sounds like a primetime music program.
Rin: Oh, what about you guys? What kinds of TV shows would you want to be on?
MEIKO: I think I'd like to appear on a variety show!
MEIKO: How fun would it be to do one of those quiz segments and the winner gets to perform a song?
Miku (MMJ): Oh, that does sound fun!
MEIKO: Right? Oh, but I'm also interested in documentaries.
MEIKO: I can see it now. “It was a long road that was full of obstacles, but these girls overcame all of that to reach this stage.”
MEIKO: It'd be so dramatic too! With tears, laughter, everything!
Luka: Hehe. You really do love those kinds of stories, huh♪
MEIKO: Yes, I do!
MEIKO: How about you, Miku, Luka?
Miku (MMJ): Hmm... TV... Oh, it might be fun to do an on-location one!
Miku (MMJ): Traveling to various cities, interviewing the people who live there and seeing beautiful sights sounds really interesting!
Luka: I see. That sounds like a fun travel show.
Luka: As for me, a show that lets me eat all kinds of delicious food to my heart's content would be perfect♪
MEIKO: Hang on one second. We were talking about what kinds of TV shows we'd all like to appear on. You just sound like someone with an empty stomach.
Everyone: Haha. Hehe.
Rin: Oh, what do you think Len and KAITO would say if we asked them about this?
MEIKO: Yes, I'd like to know as well.
Luka: Hehe. Variety shows may suit him, but I have a feeling that Len would want to star in a TV drama.
Luka: I remember him mentioning the other day that he wants to learn how to be a more expressive singer and hone his acting skills.
Miku (MMJ): I didn't know that...! Len's really talented, so I bet he'd be a wonderful actor.
Rin: Then, what about KAITO?
MEIKO: I'd say a show that involves animals. I have a feeling that he'd enjoy taking care of little critters.
Rin: Yeah, that sounds perfect!
MEIKO: Now I'm curious. Why don't we go find them and ask them for ourselves?
Miku (MMJ): Good idea. It'll be interesting to see if we guessed correctly♪
MEIKO: Then, let's go ask them!
Luka, Miku & Rin: Yeah♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

MEIKO: Whew...! That should be enough practice for today.
Miku (MMJ): Okay. Thank you for letting me practice with you, MEIKO!
Miku (MMJ): Some of the things we did seemed pretty difficult at first, but it was fun to practice in a different way for a change!
MEIKO: You're welcome! I had fun as well♪
MEIKO: And there's more where that came from. You're always free to join me for another session♪
Miku (MMJ): Haha... I'd like to, but I'm not sure I'll be able to keep up.
MEIKO: Oh, Haruka, welcome!
Haruka: Good evening, MEIKO, Miku. Are you two free right now?
Miku (MMJ): Yes, we just finished practicing.
Haruka: Okay... There's something I need to tell you both.
MEIKO: Hehe. Is this about your TV appearance?
Haruka: Yes. We decided to accept.
MEIKO: You gave this offer quite a lot of thought, so I'm glad you were able to come to a decision.
Miku (MMJ): Congratulations, Haruka!
Haruka: Thanks...
Haruka: And I really appreciate you all giving me advice regarding this. What you said made me realize some important things.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

MEIKO: As your fan, I want to say, “Don't worry.”
MEIKO: Including the hope and warmth you wish to spread to others.
MEIKO: And those things mean quite a lot to me...
MEIKO: So, a TV appearance isn't going to easily change how I feel about all of you.
(White cut)
Miku (MMJ): I agree... You girls are who you are. Nothing is going to change that.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Haruka: Once again...
Haruka: Thank you for taking my concern seriously and listening to what I had to say.
MEIKO & Miku: You're very welcome♪
MEIKO: But we really didn't do all that much other than say what we felt.
Haruka: That's not true.
Haruka: What you said, MEIKO, not only helped me reach a decision in terms of appearing on TV, but it also reminded me of my roots.
MEIKO: Your roots...?
Haruka: Yes. The reason I wanted to become an idol in the first place...
Haruka: I remembered the person who made me believe in a better tomorrow. The idol who gave me that hope.
Miku (MMJ): So, there's someone who you look up to, like the way Minori looks up to you, Haruka?
Haruka: She's no longer an idol, but she still performs on stage from time to time and spreads cheer to everyone she meets.
MEIKO: Hehe. She sounds like a wonderful person.
Haruka: Yes, she is...! The first time I met her, she was so kind and warm, and made everybody around her smile...
Haruka: That feeling of warmth in my chest. The way she dazzled everyone. I still remember it all very clearly...
Haruka: Being reminded of when I met her made me remember the feeling of hope she gave me. The belief that tomorrow will be a better day.
MEIKO: (Haruka...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

MEIKO: You girls put on a successful solo show and have put forth a fantastic goal for yourselves. As a result, you're at a crossroads so to speak.
MEIKO: It's not uncommon to lose sight of what means most to you... Why you decided to become an idol in the first place or how you felt back then...
MEIKO: So, now might not be a bad time to look back on all that.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO: (She actually tried doing what I suggested.)
MEIKO: (Hehe. Oh, Haruka. You're such an earnest girl.)
Haruka: I learned from the newspaper that she was still spreading hope to others.
Miku (MMJ): From the newspaper?
Haruka: Yes. I had no idea what she was doing after she'd retired from being an idol...
Haruka: But that article showed me how she's still doing her best, and just how powerful the media can be.
MEIKO: So that's what helped you reach your decision.
Miku (MMJ): Thank you for coming to tell us all of this, Haruka. Rest assured, you all have our support moving forward.
MEIKO: Yes, since we want to see you appear on TV and perform a show at the Dome.
Haruka: Right. And I'd like it as well if you're all there with us every step of the way as we spread hope to everyone.
Haruka: So, we'll be looking forward to your continued support.
MEIKO & Miku: Of course♪
MEIKO, Miku & Haruka: Hehe.
(Black cut)
