593_MEIKO (MMJ)_R2 To Be More And More Supportive (event_85)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

MEIKO: Nice work today! See you at tomorrow's show♪
MEIKO: Hehe. Our rehearsal went off without a hitch, so I'm sure everyone's going to enjoy the show tomorrow.
MEIKO: Hm? Minori...? What are you doing here all by yourself?
Minori: Oh, MEIKO!
Minori: Um... Can I ask for a favor?
(Black cut)
MEIKO: I see...
MEIKO: So, you've been trying to practice answering questions that you may be asked during your iHaz shoot, but you're not sure if you're going about it correctly?
Minori: Yeah... That's why I kinda want to talk to someone about this, but it's pretty late and the others are probably already asleep...
MEIKO: Which brought you to us. Hehe. It's nice to hear that we're reliable.
Minori: That's because you guys are. You've helped me out so much already...
MEIKO: Then, don't hesitate to ask. Especially since I want your TV appearance to lead to more and more people learning about you girls.
Minori: M-MEIKO...!
Minori: Thank you so much! I really appreciate it!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: “So, let's bring in our guests! Give a big round of applause for MORE MORE JUMP!”
Minori: Don't give up on your dreams, Minorinrin! Here's a bouquet of hope for you! Hello! I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
MEIKO: (Oh...)
MEIKO: “Your fans helped make the outfits you're wearing today, right?”
Minori: Y-Yes, they did...! We were really worried about what outfits to wear since it's our first time appearing on TV...
Minori: But we decided to wear these for this appearance because we wanted to tell all our fans just how much we appreciate what they've done for us!
MEIKO: (I see...)
(Black cut)
Minori: How did I do, MEIKO?
Minori: I want to do better during the actual shoot, so please don't hold back! Lay it on me!
MEIKO: Okay....
MEIKO: Firstly... Your mouth was a bit all over the place.
Minori: Huh? Wah! W-Wait! HEIKO, my heeksh! Hat hickles!
MEIKO: Hehe. That should loosen them up a little.
MEIKO: When you were speaking just now, Minori, you sounded like you were in a big hurry.
Minori: R-Really?!
MEIKO: Yes, really. Even for the parts where you need to stop and take a breath, you rushed ahead seemingly in order to introduce yourself as quickly as you could.
MEIKO: (She wants to do her best, but that may be causing her to become a little too anxious or flustered.)
MEIKO: (But I understand how she feels... Shizuku already mentioned how she wants the shoot to go well by explaining what happened between her and Cheerful * Days.)
MEIKO: Minori, nothing good will come about if you panic.
MEIKO: So, try focusing on saying what you want one word at a time.
MEIKO: Let's start by taking a deep breath! Breathe in... Breathe out...
Minori: Okay!
Minori: Breathe in... Breathe out...
MEIKO: One more time! Breathe in... Breathe out...
Minori: Breathe in... Breathe out...
MEIKO: “So, let's bring in our guests! Give a big round of applause for MORE MORE JUMP!”
Minori: Oh...
Minori: Don't give up on your dreams, Minorinrin! Here's a bouquet of hope for you! Hello! I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
MEIKO: Yes, excellent♪ You introduced yourself much better this time!
Minori: Thank you so much, MEIKO!
Minori: I think I have a much better idea of what I need to do now!
MEIKO: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that. Then, let's keep practicing while we have some momentum!
Minori: Okay! Oh, before we do...
Minori: I came up with some questions that aren't in the script that I think they're going to ask us! Would you mind taking a look at them?
Minori: Also, I'd love to hear any that you come up with that you think I missed!
MEIKO: Of course! Let's practice as much as we can♪
Minori: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): Welcome back from your iHaz shoot, girls♪
MEIKO: So, how'd it go?
Haruka: It went really well. They went off-script a few times, but we managed somehow.
Airi: Yeah, Shizuku especially.
Minori: Yeah! She was so amazing!
Shizuku: Thank you all very much. But I think you did a wonderful job answering their questions considering it was your first time on TV, Minori.
Haruka: I agree. You responded well while using your own words.
Minori: Hehe. It was all thanks to MEIKO practicing with me.
Rin: Wait, you two practiced together?
MEIKO: Yes, a little bit.
Minori: No, way more than that! We practiced over and over until I got it right...!
Minori: So, MEIKO, thank you very much!
MEIKO: Hehe. You're very welcome♪ I'm glad I could be of service.
Minori: That just leaves me learning how to answer and deal with questions that aren't in the script...
MEIKO: Oh yeah, you mentioned that you went off-script a few times.
KAITO: Actually I'm interested in hearing more about how your shoot went. Would you mind telling us?
Shizuku: No, not at all.
(Black cut)
Len: We'll be looking forward to when it airs!
Luka: Promise to show us when it does, okay♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Minori: I was asked some questions that weren't in the script and I sort of panicked.
Minori: I tried coming up with a bunch that I thought I was gonna be asked, but none of them actually came up...
Haruka: We were just as surprised as you. I really don't think there was much you could do about that.
(White cut)
Minori: I came up with some questions that aren't in the script that I think they're going to ask us! Would you mind taking a look at them?
Minori: Also, I'd love to hear any that you come up with that you think I missed!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO: (Even after Minori came to ask for my help...)
MEIKO: (Would I have been able to give her better advice if I had a better understanding of “raw interactions” or how idols and such are presented on TV...?)
MEIKO: (Oh, speaking of which...we...)
KAITO: Hm? MEIKO...? You seem concerned about something.
MEIKO: Yes, there is something on my mind...
MEIKO: Say, would you all mind listening for a second?
Rin: Sure, but...
Miku (MMJ): What's wrong, MEIKO?
MEIKO: I just realized something...
MEIKO: We primarily focus only on doing shows, yes?
Len: Um, yeah... I mean, we have all these stages to work with...
MEIKO: Exactly.
MEIKO: Some parts do resemble what you might see in a TV studio, but we have hardly any experience doing shoots and such.
MEIKO: Which probably isn't a good thing if we're going to support the girls moving forward, no?
Miku (MMJ): Oh...
Miku (MMJ): She's right. They might be asked to appear on TV more and more in the future.
MEIKO: Also, they managed to figure out a way this time, but it sounded like they still struggled.
Len: Right...
Luka: Hehe. So you're saying that we should find a way to become more familiar with the world of TV, right♪
MEIKO: Exactly!
MEIKO: I have a rough idea of what music programs that involve live performances are like, but there's more than just that, right?
KAITO: Yes. Travel programs, variety shows and such... We don't normally get exposed to them, but there is a chance that Minori and the others will.
Rin: Then, why don't we go on a trip? We can even try some delicious food and give reviews about them♪
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. SEKAI's a very big and expansive place, so there may be stages that we haven't discovered yet.
Luka: Giving food reviews also sounds fun. I'm very much looking forward to doing that♪
MEIKO: (The girls have set their sights very, very high.)
MEIKO: (Which is why I'd like to give them all the support I can. So that they can achieve their goal.)
(Black cut)
