610_MEIKO (WxS)_R2 Strength From Kindness (event_88)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Len: You were faster, Rin!
Rin: No way! Len, you were!
Plushies: Oh no...
MEIKO: Hm? What's going on? Why are you all gathered here?
Plushie A: Rin and Len were having a footrace, but they finished at the same time...
Plushies: We couldn't tell who actually finished first...
Len: That's why I'm telling you all, Rin definitely finished faster than I did...
Rin: Not true! Len, you totally beat me by a nose!
MEIKO: That's odd. They're both saying that the other person finished first... Not many people argue for their opponent.
MEIKO: Well, in any case... I'll watch, so why don't you two have a remat—
Nene: Oh. Hi, you guys...
MEIKO: Nene, welcome! Are you here by yourself?
Nene: Yeah... I was hoping to go for a run here.
Rin & Len: For a run?
(Black cut)
MEIKO: I see. To increase your stamina...
Nene: Yeah, but today's practice went on for longer than I was expecting. It's gotten dark already...
Nene: So I was hoping that I could do my running here to be on the safe side. Mind if I do for a bit...?
MEIKO: That's fine, of course! We were just about to have a footrace of our own!
Nene: A footrace?
Rin: Yup! Nene, let's run it together!
Len: We'd love to have you!
Nene: Thanks. I think I'll join you, then.
MEIKO: Great! As for your course...
MEIKO: You'll start at the teacups, run to the tent over there, turn around and come back. How does that sound?
Nene: Sounds good.
Rin: I'm not losing this time, Len.
Len: Right back at you!
MEIKO: Then, on your marks...
MEIKO: Get set... Go!
Plushies: Let's follow them!
Plushies: Yeah!
MEIKO: What?! You're all going with them?!
MEIKO: I was planning on waiting here, but... Hehe. In that case, I'll join you all♪
(Black cut)
Nene: Huff...! Huff...!
Nene: This is rough... Right after practice too...
Rin: Huff...! Huff...!
Len: Huff...! Huff...!
MEIKO: (Hmm... It wasn't meant to be a very long course, but they all look exhausted...)
MEIKO: (Nene's coming here right after practicing, while Rin and Len just did a run a second ago.)
MEIKO: (If any of them start to look like they're in trouble, maybe I should stop the...)
Plushie A: Oofie!!!
MEIKO: Oh no...!
MEIKO: You really took a tumble there. Are you okay?
Plushie A: Y-Yeah... I'm... Ow! My leg... I think it's coming undone...
Plushie A: *Sob* But I wanna keep running with everyone...
Plushie B: Don't worry! Here, I'll help carry you! We can run until the end together like this!
Plushie A: Okay! Thanks...!
MEIKO: Thank goodness...
MEIKO: Huh...?
Nene: Let's keep going!
Rin: Yeah! Let's go, Len!
Len: Okay! Plushies, you too!
Plushies: Yeah!
MEIKO: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Rin: And...!
Nene, Len & MEIKO: We did it!
Plushie A: Yay! We all finished at the same time!
Nene: Huff... Huff... We really did it, Rin, Len.
Rin: Yeah! Working together like that was a lot of fun!
Len: Hehe. We even stopped caring about who actually finished first or whatever.
MEIKO: Oh, does this mean you two have made up?
Nene: Thanks for running with me, everyone. I might've given up partway through if you guys weren't there with me.
Rin: Hehe. I feel the same♪
Len: Me three!
Len: Thanks for running with us, Plushies!
Nene: Thanks.
Plushies: You're welcome!
Nene: Thank you too, MEIKO. I feel better about myself now after actually finishing that run.
MEIKO: That's wonderful to hear! Putting on stamina takes a lot of mental strength, so it's important to do it one step at a time!
Nene: Okay, I'll keep that in mind.
MEIKO: (I just suggested that footrace off the top of my head, but it all worked out in the end.)
MEIKO: (Must be because I'm always such a good girl♪)
MEIKO: Hehehe.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO: Okay, we know what our next show is going to be. But getting everything ready won't be easy since it involves a number of large props...
MEIKO: I can carry anything you need! I'll do it quick-lickety-split♪
Rin: MEIKO, let us know if you want any of us to help☆
Len: We'll make or carry whatever you guys need!
MEIKO: I appreciate it, you two! Still, you seem very excited about all this.
Miku (WxS): Is it because Tsukasa won that audition?
Rin: Hehe. Correct! He said it was really hard, but he managed to portray his character the way he wanted.
Len: Yeah! So, we feel motivated to try harder ourselves.
MEIKO: Hehe. Yes, I think anyone would feel encouraged after hearing a story like that.
MEIKO: Then, would you mind helping me carry some of the smaller props...?
MEIKO: We need to do that first to clear space for when we move the larger ones.
Rin: Okay. Len, let's go!
KAITO: Thank goodness. I was worried that you were going to ask them to move the large props right off the bat...
MEIKO: I appreciate them being so kind... However, it'd be dangerous for them to try to move any of the larger ones on their own.
KAITO: Right...
MEIKO: If only we could get our resident sheep counter to feel even a tiny fraction of what they're feeling.
Luka: Zzz... Zzz...
KAITO: Haha...
Miku (WxS): Oh, KAITO, MEIKO! What do you want us to do?
KAITO: Actually, we need to move some of these other things before we can move any of the larger props.
Miku (WxS): So, move them out of the way☆ I'm on it♪
KAITO: Then, I'll keep working over here. MEIKO, can you keep an eye on Rin and the others?
MEIKO: Okay♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO: Where could Rin and Len be?
MEIKO: (I was sure I'd run into them by now, but I don't see them anywhere...)
???: Hnng!!! S-So heavy! I'm gonna get crushed!
???: J-Just hang in there a bit longer! I'm sure someone is gonna come help us!
MEIKO: That sounds like... Rin?! Len?!
MEIKO: What are you two...? Wait, why are you carrying this giant prop...?!
MEIKO: There we are...!
Rin: Huff... Huff...
MEIKO: Fortunately, neither of you seem to be hurt.
MEIKO: Now, would you two mind explaining to me what happened here? Didn't I ask you both to start by moving the smaller props?
Len: W-We're sorry... We really wanted to help you, MEIKO...
Rin: We thought we might be able to carry a big one as long as we took breaks. We were actually going to take one just now...
Len: But we ended up dropping it. That caused the foundation to break and everything started falling on top of us...
MEIKO: ...
MEIKO: I appreciate you wanted to help me so much...
MEIKO: But I'd feel a million times worse than sad if something were to happen to either of you...
MEIKO: Does that make sense?
Len: Yeah... Sorry for taking things too far.
Rin: And breaking that big prop... We're really sorry...
MEIKO: Again, I'm just glad you're both safe...
MEIKO: Anyway, let's carry this big one together! After that, we'll go over and apologize to everyone together.
Rin: Okay...
Len: Sorry, MEIKO... We really thought we could do something for you.
MEIKO: Don't say that. You've already done plenty by helping move those smaller props for me.
MEIKO: Also, nobody out there is good at everything!
MEIKO: I know you might feel bad about not being able to do more sometimes, but all you have to do then is figure out what you can do!
MEIKO: Just like how Rui and the others helped Tsukasa with his audition in whatever ways they could♪
Rin: Oh...
MEIKO: So, don't worry. I'm sure you'll find a way. With that in mind, let's do what we can♪
Rin: Okay...!
Len: We promise to figure out what we can do and help you as much as possible, MEIKO!
MEIKO: Good! That's the spirit!
MEIKO: *Sigh* If only there were a way to get Luka to share in your wonderful enthusiasm.
MEIKO: She's undoubtedly taking a nap somewhere right now. I'll need to do everything I can to wake her up once we get back to the stage!
Rin: Hehe...
Rin & Len: Haha...!
(Black cut)
