626_MEIKO (Ln)_R4 Dependable Warmth (event_91)

Gacha phrase: No matter what, I'll be rooting for you.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[The day before the solo show]

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Tomorrow's the day of their solo show...
MEIKO: Yes, and I'm hoping that they're all able to get in a good night's rest...
Rin: D-Do you think they're gonna be okay...? I-I'm starting to get really worried!
Len: Rin, you're not the one that's gonna be performing.
Rin: But they might actually get to go pro if it goes well!
MEIKO: True. This is sort of a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Len: Yeah. I've gotta think there are a lot of bands out there that've never even been given this chance...
Len: This is their first, but I hope they try to take advantage of it like it's their last.
Miku (Ln): Th-They will...! I mean, they've been practicing like there's no tomorrow.
Rin: Y-Y-Y-Yeah! They'll totally do just fine!
Len: But you never know what's gonna happen during any show, right? What if they have an equipment malfunction?
Len: At the same time, Shiho works where they're gonna play, so I'm sure they'll figure out—
MEIKO: Len, wait...
Len: Huh? Why are you poking me...? Oh...
Miku & Rin: ...
MEIKO: You didn't have to jinx them like that, Len...
Len: S-Sorry... But you really shouldn't be so worried if you actually believe in Ichika and the others.
Miku (Ln): I-I'm not worried... I'm totally fine.
Len: Really? You definitely don't seem fine.
MEIKO: Haha.
MEIKO: Alright, let's all just settle down. Miku and Rin for one, but you too, Len.
Len: Me? But I feel fine...
MEIKO: Oh? All those negative thoughts running through your head... You're actually really worried, aren't you?
Len: I, uhh...
Miku (Ln): Len, you're also worried...?
Rin: What?! Why didn't you just say you were?! You didn't have to spell out that nightmare scenario to us!
Len: Shut up...
MEIKO: Okay, you two, no fighting.
MEIKO: I know this probably won't solve anything, but we just need to believe that they'll do well.
MEIKO: Miku said so herself. They've been practicing like there's no tomorrow, so I'm sure their hard work will be rewarded.
Rin: You think so...?
MEIKO: I know so!
MEIKO: If anything, we just need to have faith in them and think, “They'll do just fine!”
MEIKO: Because we've all watched them work and practice like their lives depend on it, right?
Rin: Oh...
Miku (Ln): She's right. They've all been working so hard...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO: So, all that's left is to enjoy the show!
MEIKO: They told us that we'll be able to watch from somewhere safe, so let's try to have as much fun as we can!
Miku, Rin & Len: Yes. Yeah.
Rin: *Quiver*
Len: Rin? Are you still worried?
Rin: No, I feel a lot better! Actually, I feel really excited now♪
Len: You do? That was quick.
Rin: Hehe♪
Miku (Ln): Hehe. I know how Rin feels. Also...
Miku (Ln): I feel like playing something now.
Rin: Oh, yeah! We should have a quick session since we're all here!
Len: Then, we'll need to get our instruments.
MEIKO: Agreed! So, let's go!
Rin: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

MEIKO: (The girls really put on such an incredible show...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO: (With each passing song, their performance just kept getting better and filled the venue with so much energy.)
MEIKO: (I watched them practice their full set multiple times, but they couldn't have played better. Or with more power.)
MEIKO: It was filled with so much exuberance that I found myself wanting to sing along.
MEIKO: Speaking of which, the fill Honami threw in during their sixth song was very cool.
MEIKO: I think it went something like this...
MEIKO: No, that didn't sound right... Oh, I think it's the snare at the end!
MEIKO: Yes! This is it!
Rin: MEIKO, what was that?! It sounded really cool!
MEIKO: Oh, Rin, Len, hello!
Len: Didn't Honami play that during the solo show?
MEIKO: Yes, she did. I was just thinking about the girls' show and remembered the fill she played. So, I decided to give it a try.
Rin: That show was so amazing!
Rin: I almost cried during the third song when Ichi played her guitar solo!
Rin: She lifted everyone up so high as she sang and really hammered it home with her guitar!
Len: Yeah, she really nailed the string bends for that part!
MEIKO: Yes, I got goosebumps just listening to her play.
Miku (Ln): Without that, I feel you'd lose a lot of that rock 'n' roll sound.
MEIKO: Huh? When did you all get here?
Luka: Oh, we just stopped by to see who was playing the drums in such a fun way.
KAITO: We also heard you talking from the corridor.
Len: Oh, I guess we kept on talking with the door open.
MEIKO: Yes, I see that now.
MEIKO: So, what brings you all here? Were you hoping to play something together?
Miku (Ln): Well, we did bring our instruments with us.
MEIKO: Haha! You all came prepared.
Rin: Wait, we're gonna have a session?! Lemme go grab my synth!
Len: Oh, I'll get my stuff too!
KAITO: If possible, I'd like to play something the girls played during their show...
Luka: Me too. It should be fun to play what they did while talking about what happened.
MEIKO: I agree.
MEIKO: So, why don't we start with their first song and play all of them? We can talk about what we liked about it and such!
Miku (Ln): Sure, let's do that.
Luka: Okay. They mentioned that they'll be holding their debrief after things have settled down, so this may help for when they do.
KAITO: I'm ready.
Miku (Ln): Huh? Already?
MEIKO: You definitely seem the most eager. But we should wait for Rin and Len to return, or risk incurring their wrath.
Rin: We're back! Give us one sec to set up♪
MEIKO: Okay! By the way, we decided to play every song from their set.
Len: All of them?!
Rin: Really?! Awesome!
MEIKO: Let us know when you're ready! I'll count us in once you are!
(Black cut)
