702_MEIKO (WxS)_R4 Narrator Of Happiness (event_104)

Gacha phrase: And they made shows together forever after.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

MEIKO: (I wonder what Emu's doing right now...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Thanks for letting me borrow that Miku costume, MEIKO!
MEIKO: You're welcome♪
MEIKO: Oh, Emu... You eyes look redder than before.
Emu: Hehe... I was really moved by your guys' show.
Emu: The ending surprised me a little, but it also made me really happy!
Emu: Thanks for coming up with that for us!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO: (Based on the way she smiled, she certainly seemed genuinely happy...)
MEIKO: (Does this mean Emu's really going to stay behind at Phoenix Wonderland and...)
Miku (WxS): MEIKO, are you okay...?
Rin: It's like something's been bothering you since our show ended.
Len: Are you worried about Emu...?
MEIKO: Oh...
MEIKO: Yes... I can't help but worry about her.
Luka: Is Emu really not going to join Tsukasa and the others...?
KAITO: Emu loves the Wonder Stage and Phoenix Wonderland very much since they're essentially mementos of her grandfather...
KAITO: I have a feeling that she'll want to keep protecting them even if it means having to feel sad at times.
Rin: I understand what she's feeling right now. And I wanna support her decision since she's so important to us...
Rin: But... But...
MEIKO: Rin...
???: Heeey! You guuuys!
Luka: Huh?
Miku (WxS): Oh! That voice...!
MEIKO & Rin: Emu...!
Emu: You guys...!
Emu: You gotta hear this...! I... I...!
Emu: *Sob* I...
Tsukasa: Emu, what did we say?! Don't run ahead without us!
MEIKO: Oh, you're all here...!
KAITO: What's going on? Your eyes are all...
Rui: ...together.
MEIKO: What?
Rui: We... We get to keep doing shows together.
MEIKO: D-Does this mean...?!
Emu: I...! I...!
Nene: Geez, you're sobbing so much that we can't hear what you're trying to say...
Rui: Hehe. Look who's talking, Nene.
Tsukasa: *Sigh* I can't say that I blame any of you.
MEIKO: So, can you tell us what happened?
Tsukasa: Of course. Emu's brothers just came by and...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: So, they told Emu to venture out into the world to see and experience as many new things as she can.
MEIKO: They did...?!
Len: That's great, Emu...!
Rin: *Cry* Emuuu!!!
Emu: Thanks, you guys...!
Emu: And I'm really sorry for making you worry so much, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Oh, don't mind me♪ All's well that ends well, right?
KAITO: I'm so glad...
Luka: Hehe. Would you like to borrow my handkerchief, KAITO?
KAITO: Yes, I think I will...
MEIKO: This is so wonderful, Rui! I'm really glad you didn't give up until the end.
Rui: Actually, I don't think I accomplished anything. Emu had her mind made up...
Rui: Her brothers are the ones who ultimately made this all possible.
MEIKO: Yes, they may've been the ones who carried her over the line. However...
MEIKO: Rui, I believe you explaining exactly how you feel played a crucial role in making that moment happen!
Rui: What...?
MEIKO: You've experienced this a number of times before, right?
MEIKO: It's proof of how one's most honest feelings have the ability to move people's hearts!
Rui: ...!
Rui: My feelings were entirely self-interested...
Rui: But if what you say is right, MEIKO, I guess it's good to be selfish sometimes...
MEIKO: Exactly!
MEIKO: (I've seen just how much Rui's had on his mind... And how carefully he's always thought about what to do next.)
MEIKO: We really couldn't have asked for a happier ending!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

MEIKO: Everyone, do you all have your drinks ready?!
Emu & Miku: Ready☆
Rui: We're ready as well.
Len: Us too!
KAITO: Okay, I believe we're all set. The floor is yours, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Excellent!
Tsukasa: Nene, Rui, Emu! A job well done on the anniversary show!
Tsukasa: Next, Miku, all of you...
Tsukasa: We know we caused you all a lot of concern, but we managed to get to our new starting line! Thank you very much for supporting us the entire way!
Tsukasa: So, here's to a successful anniversary show, and to new beginnings.
Tsukasa: Cheers!
Nene, Rui & Emu: Cheers!
Everyone: Cheeers! Cheers!
Emu: Ahh! This juice is so yummy and cool!
Robo-Nene: I kept the drinks cool until just now using my refrigeration module.
Nene: Oh, right. You can store drinks and stuff for some reason.
Rui: There's a clear reason for that. I installed it so we can quickly rehydrate after practices.
Tsukasa: I see. I thought this was just another passing fancy...
Rui: A passing fancy...? Honestly, Tsukasa, Nene, who do you take me for exactly?
Rui: I spend all this time coming up with gizmos and gadgets for the actors performing in our shows...
Emu: *Gasp* Tsukasa and Nene are bullying Rui!
MEIKO: Oh dear. Naughty children need to be punished by having an ice-cold glass of juice caress their necks♪
Miku (WxS): Haha! Oh no☆ You two gotta run♪
Nene: Actually, that might be nice if they're all this temperature.
Emu: Hehe.
Luka: Hehe. Everyone's smiling and having so much fun.
MEIKO: They really are!
MEIKO: (I wasn't sure what was going to happen after they decided to become freelancers, and after Emu made her initial decision.)
Luka: *Yawn* Hehe... So much fun...
Luka: Zzz... Zzz...
MEIKO: Huh...? Oh, Luka...
KAITO: Hehe. She must feel so relieved to see that they're all smiling now.
MEIKO: I think so too.
Emu: MEIKO, are you guys eating? These chocolates are super yummy!
MEIKO: Really? Then, I'd like to try one! Also, would you mind saving one for Luka? I'm sure she'll want one after she wakes up later.
Emu: Okay!
KAITO: Thank you all again for inviting us to join you for this after-party.
Tsukasa: As always, you were all there for us when we really needed it.
Rui: Not only that, you, MEIKO and the others inspired us to change the ending of the anniversary show through your own show.
MEIKO: Oh, I was so surprised when I saw your new ending! I couldn't believe how wonderfully happy it was♪
Nene: We decided to go with that after discussing it as a troupe. We wanted it to reflect our current situation.
MEIKO: Yes, I see! And I'm really glad you went with that ending!
KAITO: If I recall, “They made shows together while pursuing their dreams forever after,” yes?
Emu: Yup☆
Emu: I'm gonna meet lots of new people, experience lots of new things, come back to Phoenix Wonderland and fill it with even more smiles!
Tsukasa: I of course plan to learn as much as I can in order to become a star in the future!
Nene: I want to hone my skills so that I can become an actress who performs around the world.
Rui: And I'm going to put on a show with my dear friends that connects people around the world through their smiles.
KAITO: Those are all such wonderful dreams.
MEIKO: Yes, they are!
Miku (WxS): Hehe☆ But we can't let them hog all the glory♪
Rin: We should also put on lots and lots of shows that can make lots and lots of people smile!
Len: Yeah! I wanna figure out how to put on even better shows so we can help Tsukasa and the others when they think they need it!
Tsukasa: Ah, that would be wonderful!
Luka: Hehe. I'll sleep a lot and... See lots of wonderful dreams... Zzz...
MEIKO: Oh, Luka. We weren't talking about those kinds of dreams.
Emu & Nene: Haha! Hehe.
(Black cut)
