748_MEIKO_R2 Original Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: MEIKO)

[Program Studio]

Host: Welcome back to another episode of “Get on Those Hot Topics!”
Host: Let's straight into it as we have a special guest with us here today! Please introduce yourself!
MEIKO: <Hello everyone! I'm MEIKO, the VIRTUAL SINGER!>
Host: Though I'm sure all of you already know, MEIKO will be performing in the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show, scheduled to be held in Shibuya!
Host: Today, we hope to introduce our viewers to MEIKO, while also asking a variety of questions.
MEIKO: <Hehe, I look forward to it.>
Host: With that goal in mind, we have gone out to the city and asked people about what comes to mind when they think of MEIKO. Let's have a look at the footage!
(Background change)
Passerby A: What springs to mind when I think about MEIKO? Hmm... I suppose an independent woman who rocks red!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Passerby B: Hmmm... I have this image of her being associated with alcohol.
Passerby C: True! Her outfits are always so attractive and she's really cool too. She's the kind of woman I look up to.
(Background change)
MEIKO: <Thank you for all of your responses, everyone! It makes me happy to hear that I'm someone to look up to.>
Host: A lot of people mentioned your maturity and attractiveness, which truly are some of your charming points.
Host: There were also a lot of people who said that they associate you with alcohol as well.
MEIKO: <Hehe. I suppose that's because some of the songs I sing include the subject in the lyrics.>
Host: We have also received a message specifically for this program.
MEIKO: <Oh, what does it say?>
Host: “Until a little while ago, I was frustrated and constantly crying about my lack of talent.”
Host: “But then I discovered MEIKO. Her voice had this strong determination and it really comforted me.”
Host: “I realized that, in order to make your dream come true, you also need to work on improving your skills. So I'm going to do my best and keep my head held high.”
MEIKO: <Thank you so much for the wonderful message! I'm so happy to hear that I was a source of comfort for you.>
MEIKO: <Putting in consistent effort to make your dreams come true is not an easy feat and I'm sure there will be some tough obstacles along the way, but I hope you give it your all and have no regrets!>
Host: Thank you, MEIKO.
Host: Speaking of dreams, there's a special event that you will be holding during the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show, right?
MEIKO: <Yes! It's called the New Breeze & Reboot Festival! It's an exhibition that will be held right next to the concert venue.>
MEIKO: <There will be paintings, photographs, sculptures and even wood prints. It'll be showcasing many works of art with us as their subjects.>
Host: From up-and-coming artists to more seasoned creators who are making a comeback...
Host: The news has been making the rounds since the initial announcement, hasn't it?
MEIKO: <Yes!>
MEIKO: <The New Breeze & Reboot Festival will also have a cafe area filled with comics and novels available for everyone to enjoy.>
MEIKO: <Delicious coffee, juice and finger foods will also be provided. Oh, alcoholic drinks are unfortunately not available, and don't you dare think about sneaking them in.>
Host: Hehe. That sounds like a recipe for a nice, relaxing reading session!
Host: By the way, even those who do not have concert tickets are welcome to enter the exhibition.
MEIKO: <There will be so many wonderful works there that it will truly be a feast for the eyes. So I hope you can make it!>
Host: That's all for today, but we hope you look forward to the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show and...
MEIKO: <The New Breeze & Reboot Festival!>
MEIKO & Host: <Hope you can make it!> Thank you!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

KAITO, MEIKO & Miku: ♪————! ♪————!
Len, Luka & Rin: ♪————! ♪————!
MEIKO: Hey, you guys! You can still keep going, right?!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: What about you guys in the crowd? Are you having a good time?!
KAITO: How about our audience watching us live on stream and the remote screenings?
Comments: <Having the best time!> <Such a hyped medley!> <This is the best!>
Miku: Looks like everyone is having a great time!
MEIKO: I'm glad to hear that! Now let's keep raising the energy from here!
Miku: That reminds me, all of the songs you've been singing have had such a cool and mature energy to them, MEIKO.
KAITO: That's true. You had us sing some of them with you, but you really did hit it out of the park each time.
MEIKO: Hahaha, thank you!
MEIKO: By the way, I didn't intentionally put more of those types of songs in my list. The songs I wanted to sing just ended up being those.
MEIKO: But I suppose they matched the impressions people had of me on that program I was on recently.
Miku: Oh, yeah! KAITO and I were invited to that same program too!
Miku: It was quite interesting how they interviewed people on the street about their impressions of you.
Miku: There were a lot of people who found you mature and attractive, right?
MEIKO: Yeah... I do wear red most of the time, so I wonder if that encouraged that impression of me.
Miku: Your red outfit is amazing. It stands out on stage and enhances your presence. I think it suits you the best.
Miku: Oh, see? Everyone here agrees with me!
MEIKO: Oh, that's so lovely. Thank you, Miku, everyone!
MEIKO: I've been trying to be very conscious of a variety of things while singing today. So I hope you're ready for the songs coming your way!
KAITO: While we're on the topic, could you tell us what you were being conscious of when singing?
Miku: I want to know too♪
MEIKO: Even the crowd too? I guess I have to share now, don't I?
MEIKO: Well today's concert is a little special in that all of us are singing songs together that we usually would alone together, right?
MEIKO: So I've been trying to show more of myself and how I sing more than usual, not only during my own songs but during others as well.
KAITO: I see... More of yourself, huh?
MEIKO: Especially since the creators that wrote my songs specifically chose me to sing them...
MEIKO: I wanted to make sure to stand proud and sing them with confidence.
Miku: To not only be aware of those things, but to put them into practice perfectly too... That's incredible.
KAITO: I agree. I feel like that is one of the cool things about you, MEIKO.
MEIKO: Thank you. But you know compliments won't get you anywhere.
MEIKO: Oh, looks like we're ready to move on to the next song!
MEIKO: Hehe. We've been talking about how cool I am, but I'd like you all to see the cute side to me too, right, Miku?
Miku: Yeah! Let's get everyone blushing and giddy!
KAITO: Blushing and giddy? What kind of song are you planning to sing?
MEIKO: You'll just have to wait to find out♪
MEIKO: Alright then...
MEIKO & Miku: Start the music!
(Black cut)
