760_MEIKO_R4 A Name Held Dear

Gacha phrase: I love my name. I'm very proud of it.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: MEIKO)

[Between Worlds]

MEIKO: It's peaceful here, as usual.
MEIKO: Hehe. I suppose I'll spend another day leisurely watching over the SEKAI while I sing.
MEIKO: Oh? This is...a fragment of a feeling.
???: *Sniffle*
MEIKO: Hm...? I think I just heard...
???: *Sob*
MEIKO: Someone's crying...
MEIKO: Their voice... Is it coming from this fragment...?
MEIKO: Well, I can't leave it be just because it's only a fragment!
MEIKO: Let me get in touch with your feelings.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

MEIKO: This is...
MEIKO: (The place has a classy, quiet feel to it... But something about it makes my heart feel tight...)
MEIKO: (Is this...sadness? No, maybe frustration...)
MEIKO: There's something on the floor.
MEIKO: This sheet of paper...was somebody writing? It's been crumpled up into a ball, though...
Somebody's Writing: • Protagonist A high school girl with average looks and brains. Has a dream, but her family and teachers disapprove.
MEIKO: Looks like that's all that's written.
MEIKO: I'm concerned about those crying sounds I heard before I touched the fragment... I think I'll take a look around.
MEIKO: Oh... There's another sheet of paper on the floor. This one hasn't been crumpled up.
Somebody's Writing: • The person she looks up to The type of mature person the protagonist wishes to become.
Somebody's Writing: Extends a hand to the protagonist with a soft, warm smile, charming to all regardless of their age or gender.
MEIKO: Hmm... And the other sheet I picked up had the “protagonist”. Seems like these are background notes on the characters of a story.
MEIKO: Does that mean the owner of these feelings is writing a story of some kind?
MEIKO: ...! Is someone there?
???: Yes. I'm here...
MEIKO: (A girl?)
MEIKO: Um... Are you the owner of the feelings behind this fragment SEKAI?
???: SEKAI...? I don't know what you're talking about, but the answer is no.
???: I'm “a high school girl with average looks and brains”...
Unnamed Girl: I'm the “protagonist” who's yet to become anybody at all, and hasn't even been given a name.
MEIKO: An average high schooler... The protagonist...
MEIKO: That's what was written on this sheet of paper...! It was about you?
Unnamed Girl: Yes...
Unnamed Girl: You were kind enough to pick up that crumpled sheet of paper. Thank you.
MEIKO: No, don't thank me. Actually, I apologize. I shouldn't have read it without permission.
Unnamed Girl: Don't worry about that. It's just a piece of garbage now...
MEIKO: But this is what brought you to life, isn't it? Please, you shouldn't talk about it like that...
Unnamed Girl: ... You're so nice...
Unnamed Girl: But of course I'd be tossed aside before long. It was the same for all the other protagonists.
MEIKO: What...?
MEIKO: The owner of these feelings is writing a story, right? If so, surely they'd treat the protagonist with great care...
Unnamed Girl: ...
Unnamed Girl: I get the sense that she hates herself, and hates the protagonists she creates.
MEIKO: Hate...? Why would that be?
Unnamed Girl: Well...
???: *Sniffle* *Sob*
MEIKO: (This sound of someone crying... It's the same as what I heard before I entered this SEKAI.)
Unnamed Girl: She's...crying. Again.
MEIKO: So, the person crying is this SEKAI's...
Unnamed Girl: ...
MEIKO: ...! What's wrong? Are you alright...?
Unnamed Girl: What...?
MEIKO: You're crying too...
Unnamed Girl: Oh...this?
Unnamed Girl: It's fine. Half of me is made up of her, so I guess this just happens.
MEIKO: Half of you is...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Unnamed Girl: I get the sense that she hates herself, and hates the protagonists she creates.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO: (This protagonist... Did the owner of these feelings use herself as a base when making her?)
MEIKO: (I'm sure this protagonist was entrusted with all sorts of feelings and wishes when she was created...)
MEIKO: (But the owner of those feelings hates herself, so she can't bring herself to like someone who's so similar...?)
MEIKO: (If that's true, it's...)
MEIKO: (I don't think I can let things go on like this...)
MEIKO: (Isn't there something I can do?)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: MEIKO)

[???]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Unnamed Girl: I'm the “protagonist” who's yet to become anybody at all, and hasn't even been given a name.
Unnamed Girl: Of course I'd be tossed aside before long. It was the same for all the other protagonists.
Unnamed Girl: I get the sense that she hates herself, and hates the protagonists she creates.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO: (If she continues hating herself...)
MEIKO: (And even rejecting the protagonists who serve as other versions of herself...)
MEIKO: (She may end up casting away her own feelings along with these characters.)
MEIKO: (I'm only supposed to be watching over her, but I just can't leave things like this.)
MEIKO: Seems like you've calmed down now. Are you alright?
Unnamed Girl: I'm fine... She was the one crying in the first place, not me.
MEIKO: Hey, if you don't mind, I'd like to know more about you and the owner of these feelings.
Unnamed Girl: I can tell you, but there's nothing to say about me. It's all in those notes you picked up and...
Unnamed Girl: Oh, that's right... I think I've seen one other sheet that had slightly more detailed notes.
MEIKO: Really?! Then let's go find it!
Unnamed Girl: But what good will it do you to learn about me...?
MEIKO: Well, that's easy.
MEIKO: I want to read your story, you know.
Unnamed Girl: ...!
MEIKO: The story may not be written yet, but if I look at the notes, I'm sure—
Unnamed Girl: Why...?
Unnamed Girl: I'm an average high schooler with nothing special about me in the slightest, and I don't even have a name yet...
MEIKO: That may be what your background says, but in truth, you aren't average at all.
Unnamed Girl: What do you mean...?
MEIKO: No matter how many people there are in the world, or how many stories...
MEIKO: The protagonist of your story is you and only you.
Unnamed Girl: ...!
MEIKO: Now then! Let's look for that sheet with the notes about you!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Let's see, this one is... This background seems like it's for a fantasy character, so it probably isn't yours.
MEIKO: Anything on your end?
Unnamed Girl: Nothing...
Unnamed Girl: I'm sure that sheet got thrown away too, so we're never going to...
???: *Sob*
MEIKO: Oh... I hear her again...
Owner of the Feelings: ...y...
Owner of the Feelings: This is my dream... Why won't they understand...?
MEIKO: She's...
Owner of the Feelings: No... No... I don't want to quit yet.
Owner of the Feelings: Let me keep trying just a little longer... If you do, I know... I just know...
MEIKO: Did you hear that? The owner of these feelings wants to keep trying...!
Unnamed Girl: All talk, I'm sure. It doesn't mean what you think it does.
Unnamed Girl: After all, lately she's only been able to write stories where the protagonist gets saved by guidance from the person she looks up to.
MEIKO: Now that you mention it, that was on one of the sheets I picked up. It said that person would extend a hand to the protagonist.
MEIKO: Isn't that fine, though?
Unnamed Girl: What...?
MEIKO: She could create a compelling story even just around the identity of the person guiding her. Are they a teacher, a senior at school, or someone she's never even met before?
Unnamed Girl: Why...? Why are you so accepting of her?
Unnamed Girl: Oh, I get it... She made you that way, didn't she?
MEIKO: I'm sorry. You never asked, so it hadn't crossed my mind to tell you.
MEIKO: I actually came here from somewhere else.
Unnamed Girl: You mean, that's the background you were created with...?
MEIKO: Haha... You can think of it that way if you prefer...
MEIKO: But anyway, this place is a SEKAI created from a fragment of a feeling that belongs to the person who made you.
Unnamed Girl: A SEKAI...? A fragment of a feeling...?
MEIKO: I heard someone crying in this SEKAI and wanted to know what was wrong, so I came to see what was going on.
MEIKO: My friends and I do things like this. We make the effort to understand people's feelings and watch where they go.
Unnamed Girl: Watch where they go...
MEIKO: That's why I won't reject someone for having an attitude that might be seen as passive, like wanting a guide to save them.
MEIKO: I think there are plenty of people out there in a position where they can't do anything on their own.
Unnamed Girl: B-But...!
Unnamed Girl: But that's just... It's like you're depending on someone else, and...
MEIKO: That's not fair?
Unnamed Girl: ...!
Unnamed Girl: Yeah...
MEIKO: I may have just learned something else about you and her.
Unnamed Girl: What do you mean, you learned something...?
MEIKO: You said the owner of these feelings hates herself and the protagonists she creates, right?
MEIKO: I think that contempt may be directed more specifically at the vulnerability she feels in wanting to cling to someone.
Unnamed Girl: What...?
MEIKO: When I arrived here, I felt sadness and frustration.
MEIKO: I'm sure that sadness is about having no one who understands her dream.
MEIKO: As for the frustration... Part of it is probably about her inability to produce results, but...
MEIKO: I think it's mostly about how weak she feels for trying to cling to someone else.
Unnamed Girl: Then, does she...really want to keep trying...?
MEIKO: Like I said, I don't think getting guidance from someone is a bad thing at all.
MEIKO: But if that feels unfair... Your only choice is to stand back up on your own.
MEIKO: I believe the person who created you understands that, at least.
Unnamed Girl: ...
MEIKO: Actually, maybe you could all just become that person to look up to.
Unnamed Girl: Wait, m-me...? But, I don't even have a name yet...
Unnamed Girl: Would I be able to do that...?
Unnamed Girl: If I decide I want to...will I be able to...?
MEIKO: Oh... Seems like it's about time for us to say goodbye.
MEIKO: I'll still be watching right by your side. Give the owner of these feelings my regards!
Unnamed Girl: U-Um...! Wait...!
Unnamed Girl: Your name...
Unnamed Girl: You have one, right?
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000237/bg_s000237.webp)
MEIKO: I'm MEIKO.
Unnamed Girl: MEIKO...
MEIKO: Yes. Maybe I shouldn't talk it up so much, but...
MEIKO: I love my name. I'm very proud of it. It's loved and treasured by so many people.
Unnamed Girl: That's so nice...
Unnamed Girl: I wonder if, one day...I'll get such a wonderful name myself.
MEIKO: Don't worry. The owner of these feelings will give you a name that fits perfectly.
MEIKO: Along with a truly amazing story, of course.
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
Unnamed Girl: She's gone...
Unnamed Girl: Oh yeah, I was looking for the sheet that has more notes about me...
Unnamed Girl: What kind of person did she want me to become...?
Unnamed Girl: ...
Unnamed Girl: I'll keep looking. I need to find it for myself.
(White cut)
