784_MEIKO_RB Happy Anniversary! 2024

Gacha phrase: So that I can make more and more memories.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

MEIKO (Ln): *Nod* Sounds good. I think I'll go with the drums for today's practice with everyone.
MEIKO (Ln): Hm? Someone's running this way...
Saki: There you are! This might be a little sudden, MEIKO, but is there anything you'd like to do?!
MEIKO (Ln): Huh? Anything I'd like to do?
MEIKO (Ln): Hold on, are you preparing for my anniversary?
Saki: What?! H-How did you know?!
Shiho: Anyone who can read between the lines would know from the way you asked.
Saki: B-But, but...! It's still a month away! I didn't think she would see through me!
Ichika: I guess you were a little too direct.
Saki: Noooo...
MEIKO (Ln): Hmm... Should I have pretended I didn't notice anything?
Ichika: It's okay, please don't mind her. I mean, that was a little...
Shiho: Yeah, Saki's just being a klutz.
Saki: A k-klutz?!
Shiho: I'm just telling the truth.
Saki: Ack!
Saki: *Sob* Honaaa. My heart is broken in pieces...
Honami: There, there. You were just a little too enthusiastic about celebrating.
MEIKO (Ln): Haha. I will say, I'm touched that you want to start preparing a month early.
Ichika: We'll need to prepare in between practices, so we thought we should at least decide what we're doing as soon as possible.
Ichika: So, to rewind the conversation... Is there anything you want to do?
MEIKO (Ln): Hmm... Is there anything...?
MEIKO (Ln): Sorry. I don't really have anything that I definitely want to do...
Ichika: I see...
Saki: Anything is okay, MEIKO! A takoyaki party or even hot pot, you name it! There's so many fun things we can do!
MEIKO (Ln): Right... Doing something with everyone does sound fun.
Shiho: MEIKO, is there really nothing you want to do?
Honami: Or could it be that it'd be hard for us to make it happen...?
MEIKO (Ln): That's not it at all. I really can't think of anything in particular...
MEIKO (Ln): If I had to say something, it would be a performance... But we already do that together basically every day.
MEIKO (Ln): As far as something special or befitting of my anniversary, nothing comes to mind.
Saki: I see...
MEIKO (Ln): I'm sorry I can't give you a proper answer.
MEIKO (Ln): Now that I think about it... Maybe the reason why nothing comes to mind is because I'm content with how things are now.
Ichika: How things are now...?
MEIKO (Ln): Yeah. Like I mentioned before, we basically perform together every day, don't we?
MEIKO (Ln): I have so much fun that I don't need anything else.
MEIKO (Ln): Since I'm already satisfied with just that, I think it's hard for me to come up with other ideas.
MEIKO (Ln): That's why I'll be more than happy If I can just do something fun with all of you like Saki suggested before.
Saki: MEIKO...
Honami: I didn't realize you enjoyed performing with us that much.
MEIKO (Ln): I do. I mean, just a moment ago, I was figuring out which instrument to go with for today's practice.
MEIKO (Ln): So if I can just do something with all of you...
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, I've got it! I can just do that together with you girls!
Ichika: Huh? Do what?
Saki: Did you come up with something?!
MEIKO (Ln): I did!
MEIKO (Ln): So, what I want to do is...
MEIKO (Ln): Prepare my anniversary party with all of you!
Saki: Oh, I se—Whaaaaaaat?!
Shiho: You're going to prepare for your own anniversary?
MEIKO (Ln): Well, everyone would usually tell me that I don't need to do anything and I should just look forward to it...
MEIKO (Ln): But I thought it might actually be interesting to plan and execute my own anniversary celebration!
Honami: Hehe. That really sounds like you, MEIKO.
MEIKO (Ln): I know, right?
MEIKO (Ln): So, I hope you'll all lend me a hand!
Ichika: Of course. If that's what you want, then we'll help out however we can.
Saki: Mhm♪ The MEIKO in our world is also going to hold a massive event, so we need to make sure our party tops that!
Shiho: I get how you feel, but isn't that a pretty big goal to set?
Saki: Who cares♪ It's all about the intention behind it!
MEIKO (Ln): By the way, what sort of event is the me in your world doing?
Ichika: Would you like to see the event's website? The details have been trickling in recently.
MEIKO (Ln): Really? Let's see it.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

MEIKO: Hey, everyone! Thank you for coming to my anniversary event!
MEIKO: Everyone here and everyone watching the stream, we're going to make today the best day ever!
MEIKO: Are you all ready?
Comments: <I'm ready whenever!> <You're the best, MEIKO! I love you!> <Let's hype it up!>
Miku: We're good to go too!
Luka: Start whenever you're ready.
MEIKO: Got it! Alright then...
MEIKO: Let the MEIKO Special Anniversary Event... Begin!
MEIKO: ♪————! ♪————!!!
Rin, Miku & Len: ♪————! ♪————!!!
Luka & KAITO: ♪——! ♪——~~!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Did you all enjoy that show segment?
Rin: Everyone was waving their glow sticks to the beat! It was so much fun singing!
KAITO: We harmonized perfectly too.
Len: Yeah! We did practice it just for today, so I'm glad we were able to pull it off!
MEIKO: Me too! But we're still far from finished.
Miku: Right!
Miku: There's still plenty of performances left, so we hope you look forward to them!
Luka: However, aside from shows, we also have other exciting segments planned for today.
MEIKO: After all, we're not here today for a “show”, but rather an “event”!
Len: This is like our usual shows so far... What other segments are we doing?
MEIKO: We'll be playing a little game.
Rin & Len: A game?
MEIKO: Yes! And it's called— The silent singing game!
MEIKO: We usually express feelings through our songs, but this gesture game will require us to see how well can we express things without our singing or any sort of sound!
Rin: What?! We can't sing or make any sounds?!
Miku: That seems really difficult. How do we play?
MEIKO: As the name of the game suggests, we have to be completely silent and use our facial expressions and gestures to communicate our allocated song.
MEIKO: By the way, I've only included songs we've performed up until now. That should be a big hint.
KAITO: The rules are simple, but it sounds like it'd be hard when you're actually doing it.
Luka: But I would like to see how much I'm able to get across.
MEIKO: Alright everyone, let's all form a line! The person at the front will go first and the others will guess!
MEIKO: The allocated song will display on the screen behind you, so don't think about taking a peek, okay?
Rin & Len: Okay!
MEIKO: Everyone in the audience, feel free to join in!
Miku: I'm starting to get nervous. I wonder if I can do this.
Luka: Don't worry. Let's all just have fun.
Len: C'mon MEIKO, let's start already!
MEIKO: Alright, alright. Okay, so the order will be... Len, Rin, Luka, Miku, KAITO and then me!
MEIKO: Now, let the silent singing game... Begin!
Len: Okay, so my allocated song is... Ack! That's first up?!
Miku: Oh, that move...! Right, you can easily recognize the song if it has a dance!
Rin: Mhm! But it's such a cute dance routine that I want to keep watching.
KAITO: Hehe. Len seems to be begging with his eyes for us to hurry up and guess it.
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Thank you for hyping up the event with us, everyone!
Miku: We performed, played games and even had some chatting segments too! This event program was jam-packed.
Luka: Yes. All that's left is for us to sing the finale. But before that, we have some messages for MEIKO.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000246/bg_s000246.png)
Miku: MEIKO! Happy anniversary! We ended up doing those segments after you suggested we try something new, and they were really fun!
Miku: I'm sure that's because you really thought about what games would make it fun for everyone.
Miku: You're a wonderful person, and you always think about how to make everyone smile! I can't wait to make more memories with you!
Rin: Happy anniversary, MEIKO! This event was so much fun! We got to sing songs and even play games!
Rin: If you find any other fun games, let me know so we can play together! I'll let you know if I find anything interesting too!
Len: Oh! If you're going to play some games, then I definitely wanna join too! I especially enjoyed the gesture game!
Len: Hehehe. I like getting to hang out and play with you, MEIKO. So let's play again sometime! Happy anniversary!
Luka: Happy anniversary, MEIKO. I'm sure being the main host for your own celebration was tough...
Luka: But, of course, you pulled it off so seamlessly. Let's give one last burst of energy until the end.
KAITO: It feels like we just started the event moments ago, and now we're going into the finale... I guess the more fun you're having, the faster time flies by.
KAITO: You've blessed us with such a wonderful time, and I hope that you have an even more amazing year! Happy anniversary!
(White cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO: Thank you for the wonderful messages, everyone!
MEIKO: I wanted to have a fun time with everyone who came to celebrate, which is why I decided to do the gesture game.
MEIKO: There were a lot of laughs, surprises and even head scratching, so I had lots of fun too!
MEIKO: I'm going to keep singing many more songs, but I'll also be thinking about other ways to keep making wonderful memories.
MEIKO: Just one more thing I hope you'll all help me out with.
Rin: Of course we will, MEIKO!
Luka: Please let us know anytime there's something you want to do.
KAITO: Even if it's something a little difficult, I'm sure we can make it happen if we work together.
MEIKO: Thank you! And I think so too.
MEIKO: Thank you so much for coming to celebrate with me, everyone!
MEIKO: Let's keep trying new things and make lots of fun memories together!
MEIKO: Alright! Here's our final song!
(White cut)
