844_MEIKO (Ln)_R4 Teach Us, Ms. Shiho! (event_117)

Gacha phrase: I think I did better this time!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Phew...
MEIKO (Ln): Okay, so far so good... For the last point, focus on the tip of your brush and gently lean it forward.
Miku (Ln): ...! I-It worked...!
Rin (Ln): Whoa! That's amazing, Miku-P! It looks so pretty!
Len (Ln): That last part was so intense. I could feel your concentration from over here, Miku...
KAITO (Ln): Yes, I even held my breath there for a second...
Luka (Ln): It just means she was that focused. So, Miku, how do you feel about this one?
Miku (Ln): I think it's my best work yet. Thank you for giving me those tips, MEIKO.
MEIKO (Ln): Haha. Hearing you say that makes it all worth it.
Rin (Ln): MEIKO! Me next! I want you to teach me! I've been practicing a bunch, but I still can't get it right...!
MEIKO (Ln): Oh...! Alright, sit here then.
MEIKO (Ln): I think it'll turn out better if you improve your posture, Rin. Open up about a fist between you and the desk...
KAITO (Ln): You really are amazing, MEIKO...
Len (Ln): Yeah, it's like you've already become our second teacher.
Luka (Ln): She is the best calligrapher out of all of us.
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, you think so?
Miku (Ln): Yes. Even though you struggled just as much when we started working on our New Year's resolutions...
Miku (Ln): Did you practice in secret or something?
MEIKO (Ln): Yes, you could say that...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

MEIKO (Ln): Thank you for giving me another lesson today, Shiho. I think I have a better idea of what to do now!
Shiho: I'm glad to hear that. How are the others doing...?
MEIKO (Ln): They've been improving at a steady rate. We also have you to thank for that, Shiho!
Shiho: No, I didn't do anything special... You're all improving because you're putting in the effort.
Shiho: Oh, that reminds me. I should give this to you before I forget.
Shiho: Please feel free to use it if you like.
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, a notebook...?
Shiho: Yes, it contains a list of tips and tricks that I thought would help. Maybe you and the others can use it for reference.
MEIKO (Ln): Wow, this is incredible...! It talks about maintaining a good posture, how to hold your brush... And it's all so beautifully written.
MEIKO (Ln): Everything in this notebook... It must've taken you a very long time to write it all down.
Shiho: It wasn't any trouble. It just doesn't feel right to me to not give the commitments I've made the effort they deserve.
Shiho: Also, seeing you and the others work so hard to improve made me want to give the best advice I could.
MEIKO (Ln): Shiho...
MEIKO (Ln): I see. Then, we promise to cherish this gift.
Shiho: Thank you.
MEIKO (Ln): (It's so like Shiho to do this.)
Shiho: Anyway, I'll be going now.
MEIKO (Ln): Okay! Thank you again for this notebook, Shiho!
MEIKO (Ln): Still, this really is written up so clearly...
MEIKO (Ln): (This notebook is sure to help us improve.)
MEIKO (Ln): (We'll need to do our best to make the most of the gift Shiho's given us.)
MEIKO (Ln): Now then... I'll put this notebook to use right away!
(Black cut)
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, I got the flick wrong again. It needs to look more like a clean triangle...
MEIKO (Ln): This situation calls for...
MEIKO (Ln): Yes, this page! Let's see... “Before you flick, bring your brush to a halt and...”
(Black cut)
MEIKO (Ln): Hmm... I'm struggling to keep these lines straight. But I'm being so careful...
MEIKO (Ln): I'm pretty sure Shiho also mentioned something about this in her notebook... What do we have here... “Straight lines require momentum”?
MEIKO (Ln): Hehe. Momentum? I'm good at creating that.
MEIKO (Ln): Alright, I'll try giving it a little extra push...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO (Ln): (I'm still nowhere near as good as Shiho...)
MEIKO (Ln): (But I'm able to teach the others now when Shiho isn't here... I suppose that's all my training paying off.)
Luka (Ln): MEIKO, would you mind teaching me next after Rin's had her turn? My left-hand radicals are throwing everything off balance because they're turning out so big.
Len (Ln): Then, can I go after her? Something about my stopping points doesn't look right.
MEIKO (Ln): Okay. I'll go around in order, so just sit tight.
KAITO (Ln): I'll keep practicing while going through Shiho's notebook again...
Miku (Ln): Oh, KAITO, can I see it once you're done? There's something I'd like to check.
KAITO (Ln): Okay.
MEIKO (Ln): (Shiho's notebook is helping everyone improve at a dramatic rate...)
MEIKO (Ln): (That means we'll need to make our New Year's resolutions look absolutely spectacular!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

MEIKO (Ln): Hnng! Okay, that's enough drumming for now! Time for a break.
MEIKO (Ln): (Hm? This sounds like... Is someone else practicing?)
MEIKO (Ln): (If so, I might go have a quick peek while I take my break...)
(Black cut)
Saki: Oh! Hi, MEIKO!
MEIKO (Ln): Hello. I heard someone playing, so I decided to come take a look. Is it just you two here...?
Saki: Yes! Ichi and Hona both had family business to take care of. So, Shiho and I decided to have our own practice session...!
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, I see.
Shiho: We were actually just about to take a break. Would you like to join us, MEIKO?
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, are you sure? Then, if you don't mind me intruding.
Saki: We even brought snacks, so let's have some together! Gimme one second...
Saki: Ta-daa! It's back! New Year's brunch potato chips♪
Shiho: Wait, what...? Again with the weird flavors...
Saki: No, Shiho, you don't get it. These were so good that the fans of these potato chips demanded they bring them back, and—
Shiho: Okay, I get it. You can give us this speech some other time.
Saki: What?! But I was just getting to the best part!
Saki: I know! Since I brought them, I'll see if Rin and the others also wanna try. Do you happen to know where they are right now, MEIKO?
MEIKO (Ln): Rin was practicing how to spin tops with Len on the rooftop the last I saw.
Shiho: Tops?
MEIKO (Ln): Remember all those toys we picked out together for New Year's during that sale?
MEIKO (Ln): We tried playing with them soon after, and everyone got so excited.
Saki: Really?! That's great!
MEIKO (Ln): Yeah. We did struggle to get them to spin at first...
MEIKO (Ln): But KAITO's become really good. So good that he's teaching the others now.
Shiho: Yes, this sort of thing does seem to be right up KAITO's alley.
Saki: Yeah, since he's kinda like a craftsman!
MEIKO (Ln): Hehe. I know what you mean. His tops seem to always stay upright, and he won the tournament we held with ease.
MEIKO (Ln): Now, Rin and Len are practicing all they can in order to beat KAITO.
Shiho: Wow, you guys had a tournament?
Saki: That sounds so fun! I wanna do a top-spinning tournament!
MEIKO (Ln): Then, Saki, we'll invite you and the others next time.
Saki: Really?
MEIKO (Ln): Of course! The more the merrier, right?
MEIKO (Ln): Also, we've been able to have so much fun because you two helped pick out those toys.
MEIKO (Ln): So, thank you both very much!
Shiho: No, like we said before, it's the least we could do since you've all done so much for us.
Saki: Yeah! You even helped us pick out presents for Tsukasa and Shizuku.
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, now that you mention it, what happened after that? Did they like what you got them?
Saki: Yes! Tsukasa was sooo happy!
Saki: Since I got him a water bottle, I put a bunch of waterproof star stickers on it...
Saki: The day I gave it to him, he carried it around with him all day while saying, “Its design is fit for a future star such as myself, and it shall never leave my side!”
Saki: He's even been placing it right next to his pillow when he goes to sleep!
Shiho: I can definitely see him doing that...
MEIKO (Ln): Haha. It certainly sounds like he's been enjoying what you got him!
MEIKO (Ln): What about you, Shiho?
Shiho: Yes, so... I received a similar reaction.
Shiho: Shizuku especially liked how it had a fluffy tail. She kept touching it because she thought it felt so nice.
Shiho: But I had to stop her when she said she'd wear it every day...
Saki: Haha. That sounds like Shizuku.
MEIKO (Ln): I see... I'm glad they both enjoyed your presents so much.
MEIKO (Ln): However, beside those, I'm sure they appreciate the thought you put into them.
Shiho: The thought we put into them...?
MEIKO (Ln): Yes. I was only able to play a small role helping pick out your presents for them...
MEIKO (Ln): But you both thought long and hard about what to get them, yes?
MEIKO (Ln): Which is why I believe they both got your message. They know that you wish them both happiness and success in their endeavors.
Shiho: Right...
Saki: Yeah, I sure hope so...!
MEIKO (Ln): Now then... Let's go see Rin and the others. I'm curious to get a taste of these potato chips!
Saki: Oh, right! I need them to try these!
Saki: I'm sure they're gonna love them! So much that they're gonna forget all about practicing with their tops!
Shiho: Yeah, yeah.
MEIKO (Ln): Haha. I'm looking forward to seeing what they think.
(Black cut)
