996_MEIKO (MMJ)_R3 Training For A Dream♪ (event_142)

Gacha phrase: Let's think up some training regimens!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Haruka: A morning run, a hundred reps of exercises that we can do in our spare time and...
MEIKO (MMJ): Your training schedules seem to be coming along nicely.
Haruka: Thanks. I wouldn't have been able to do this without you, MEIKO.
Haruka: What you said helped me figure out which exercises to choose, how many reps to do and when.
MEIKO (MMJ): I'm glad to hear that♪
Minori: Oh, have you finished coming up with those training schedules for Shinobi Battle?
Rin (MMJ): I wanna see them♪
Haruka: Sure. Actually, I'd like to hear what you guys think. Let me know if anything sticks out to you.
Len (MMJ): Based on what I overheard just now, what you came up with sounded pretty intense.
KAITO (MMJ): Oh... W-Wow...
Shizuku: Run five kilometers in the morning, do three sets of a hundred squats and twenty-second planks, and then go to school...?
Airi: I get that you guys don't have a lot of time to train for this, but talk about going full throttle...
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, is it too much?
MEIKO (MMJ): But considering the strength and stamina they're going to need, they're going to have to push themselves at least this hard...
Haruka: Right. I crammed in everything that I thought we could do.
Haruka: So it's going to come down to whether or not those two can hang on...
MEIKO (MMJ): Based on what you've all told me about how they train and exercise on a regular basis, I believe they'll be able to get through this.
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, I know! Len, KAITO, would you two be up for a little challenge?
Len & KAITO: What?!
MEIKO (MMJ): These training schedules were designed with two boys in mind, yes?
MEIKO (MMJ): So, I thought you two could do a quick test run for us...
Len (MMJ): Yeah, I guess we are the only ones you can ask.
KAITO (MMJ): Okay. Then, let's give it a try.
Haruka: Thank you both very much!
MEIKO (MMJ): Then, let's start with...
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

KAITO (MMJ): N-No more...
Len (MMJ): I-I'm also done...
Minori: Oh no! KAITO! Len!
MEIKO (MMJ): Thank you both very much... Your sacrifice will not go to waste.
MEIKO (MMJ): Let's reorder the exercises that those two will be doing, and adjust the reps for each.
Haruka: Okay!
Haruka: But we've only talked about what they'll be doing in the morning. If possible, I'd also like to discuss their schedules for the afternoon...
Miku (MMJ): Here's some water, you two. I'll use these fans to cool you off.
Luka (MMJ): I don't think Len and KAITO are going to be able to move for a little while...
MEIKO (MMJ): Okay... Then...
Minori: I...
Minori: I-I'll help...!
Minori: I've been training with you and the others, Haruka, so I should be able to provide you with some good data!
Haruka: Minori...
Shizuku: I'd like to help as well.
Airi: Doing every set might not be possible, but we should be able to help you come up with the best order for these exercises.
Haruka: All of you...
MEIKO (MMJ): Isn't that wonderful, Haruka?
Haruka: *Nod*
MEIKO (MMJ): I really appreciate you girls' commitment.
MEIKO (MMJ): So, just do the exercises in the order I tell you!
Shizuku, Minori & Airi: Yes! Okay!
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Miku (MMJ): Are you okay, everyone?! I'll get you some water now!
Minori: *Sob* Rin... Are my arms still attached to my body...?
Rin (MMJ): Y-Yeah, don't worry! They still are!
Minori: Then... Wh-What about my legs...?
Rin (MMJ): They're also fine! Stay with me, Minori!
Haruka: Thank you for helping me with this, Minori... I know you're really sore, so I'll carry you home.
Minori: Carry me...?!
Haruka: Oh...
Rin (MMJ): Minoriii!!
Luka (MMJ): That may've been the final blow... How are you two feeling, Shizuku, Airi?
Shizuku: Okay... I'd like to take a break, but I think I'll manage...
Airi: I'm just glad that we were able to figure out the best order for these exercises...
MEIKO (MMJ): I really appreciate it, everyone. Thank you all for your hard work.
MEIKO (MMJ): All that's left is to have your teammates try out the completed schedules, no?
Haruka: Right...
Haruka: I have a friend who knows Tenma and Shinonome pretty well, so I might ask her for some advice before doing that.
Airi: Sounds good. But I'm sure they'll both be fine.
Airi: Akito's a good guy who always does his best when he's up against a serious challenge.
Shizuku: The same goes for Tsukasa.
Shizuku: So I'm sure they'll both do their very best to meet your effort and expectations, Haruka.
Haruka: Thanks...!
Haruka: Thank you as well, MEIKO.
MEIKO (MMJ): No, I should be the one thanking you! I had a lot of fun working on this with you♪
MEIKO (MMJ): Go out there and win! I believe in you, Haruka!
Haruka: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

MEIKO (MMJ): Thank you for showing us that video of you and your team competing in Shinobi Battle, Haruka♪
Rin (MMJ): That was so cool! Even though I knew I was watching a video, I couldn't help but cheer for you guys.
Minori: I know how you feel! I did the exact same thing!
KAITO (MMJ): From the first person to the very last, this competition felt like a continuous highlight reel.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Yes! I'm almost... Huh?!
Miku (MMJ): Oh no! He fell!
Len (MMJ): No, wait! He's clinging to the bottom of the log!
(Black cut)
Commentator: <Wait, he's stopped all of a sudden! Is something wrong?>
Luka (MMJ): He was doing so well. What happened?
Haruka: It's hard to see from this video, but the strap for his left foot broke.
Shizuku: Oh, we had no idea. The announcer didn't really say what had happened while we were streaming.
Airi: I mean, why didn't they call a timeout?! It seems really unfair for him to lose time because of an equipment malfunction!
(Black cut)
Commentator: <That gust came out of nowhere!>
Minori: I can't watch! This part always makes my heart jitter!
Miku (MMJ): You can do it, Haruka!
MEIKO (MMJ): Don't worry! She'll find a way out of this!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. They all cheered their lungs out♪
Haruka: *Nod* I'm glad they enjoyed everything.
Haruka: We weren't able to win, but I think we did as well as we did because you helped me come up with those training schedules.
Haruka: Again, MEIKO, I can't thank you enough.
MEIKO (MMJ): You're very welcome♪
Len (MMJ): But that was such an exciting competition. Now I feel like exercising and stuff too.
Airi: I know how you feel! The variety-show star in me can't keep herself still!
MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. That's wonderful! I wish there were something we could do to work off some of that energy...
KAITO (MMJ): Actually, I think I have just what you all need.
(Black cut)
KAITO (MMJ): Here we are.
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, these are...!
Minori: The equipment you use during checkups and stuff! Like this one, you use it to measure your grip strength!
Shizuku: And this one is for doing... Umm... Seated forward bends?
Airi: You've even got a tape measure, a stopwatch and data sheets!
KAITO (MMJ): MEIKO said she wanted to run a fitness exam after you girls held that training camp. So, she asked me to gather everything we'd need.
MEIKO (MMJ): And now we finally can! Thank you, KAITO!
Len (MMJ): Fitness exams? That does sound like fun.
Rin (MMJ): I bet I'll do great at that thing where you hop from side to side!
Airi: Are you talking about side steps? I'm also pretty good at those!
MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. Things are getting heated already♪
MEIKO (MMJ): So, why don't we all participate?!
Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: <Ready!>
(Black cut)

[Grip Strength Test]

Miku (MMJ): Nnn!
Minori: Hnng!
MEIKO (MMJ): Hrgh!
Luka (MMJ): Oh, MEIKO, you made that look so easy. I don't think anyone's going to beat your score.
MEIKO (MMJ): Yay♪
(Black cut)

[Side Step Test]

Rin (MMJ): Goooooo!
Airi: Left! Right! Left!
Shizuku: I think Airi has a slight lead!
MEIKO (MMJ): You're both doing great!
(Black cut)

[Standing Long Jump Test]

Shizuku: Create momentum by swinging your arms as hard as you can. One, two, three...
Haruka: Huh? Shizuku...? You just seem to be doing squats at this point...
Airi: She isn't sure when to jump...
(Black cut)

[Twenty-Meter Shuttle Run Test]

KAITO (MMJ): Huff... Huff... I think I'm done...
Luka (MMJ): Nice work, KAITO. Why don't we rest over here?
Minori: Haruka and MEIKO are still going strong.
Airi: Darn it. I used too much energy during the side step test.
Luka (MMJ): So... Do we have a winner?
(Black cut)
KAITO (MMJ): Alright, I'll announce our overall winner.
Minori: It's gotta be Haruka or MEIKO.
Miku (MMJ): They both did very well during every test.
KAITO (MMJ): In first place, we have...!
KAITO (MMJ): MEIKO and Haruka! It's a tie!
Haruka: What...?!
Airi: Congratulations, Haruka!
Rin (MMJ): Congratulations, MEIKO!
MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. Thank you all!
MEIKO (MMJ): I knew that we were neck and neck all throughout, but I didn't think it'd end in a tie like this!
Haruka: Me neither. I'm just as surprised. I thought that I'd do well, but not this well.
Haruka: I think it's because of the exercises you suggested that we do as part of our training, MEIKO.
MEIKO (MMJ): I think we have a nice rivalry on our hands now♪
MEIKO (MMJ): But I'm going to win it all next time we do this.
Haruka: Not so fast. I have to do well again to make sure everyone knows that today's result wasn't just a fluke.
(Black cut)
