1027_MEIKO_RB Happy Anniversary! 2025

Gacha phrase: Burn this spectacle into your minds!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

MEIKO (WxS): Hehe♪ I'm really looking forward to today's show!
Miku (WxS): Tsukasa and everyone really seemed excited! “Our present for your anniversary will be a show just for you!”☆
Rin (WxS): Yeah♪ But, I wonder what kind of story it'll be?
Luka (WxS): Maybe one where there are suddenly a hundred MEIKOs?
MEIKO (WxS): A hundred of me?! I feel like I'd be able to do anything, with that many of myself around!
KAITO (WxS): Ah, look! It's starting!
Miku, Rin & Len: Okay!
(Black cut)
Girl (Nene): “Oh no... What should I do? The sun's already done down.”
Narrator (Rui): “For this young girl, a night all alone held nothing but terrors. Even the bustling town streets seemed like a parade of terrible giants.”
MEIKO (WxS): (Poor thing...)
MEIKO (WxS): (The young girl plans to make stew to celebrate her parents' anniversary...)
MEIKO (WxS): (But she can't find milk or cheese anywhere, and now the sun's gone down...)
Rin (WxS): I wonder what's gonna happen...
Girl (Nene): “I'm scared... Mommy, Daddy...”
??? (Emu): “Oh? Excuse me, miss! Are you okay?”
Girl (Nene): “Huh?”
Girl (Nene): “Who are you, lady?”
MEIKO (Emu): “I just happened to be passing by. Call me MEIKO!”
MEIKO (WxS): Huh? It's me?
MEIKO (Emu): “What's wrong, sweetie? Can you tell me?”
Girl (Nene): “Um, so...”
Len (WxS): So, by MEIKO, they mean you, right?
KAITO (WxS): She talks just the way you do, so I think so. But I never expected MEIKO to appear as a character in the show.
MEIKO (Emu): “I see, so that's what happened! Hmm, still...”
MEIKO (Emu): “You were so brave to come out on this errand. I'd like to show you that this town isn't a scary place at all.”
Girl (Nene): “Huh?! W-Where are we going?!”
MEIKO (Emu): “Right over here! See the buildings right there? Their windows are shaped like stars.”
MEIKO (Emu): “When it gets dark, the lights inside shine out, and it's like a beautiful starry sky!”
Girl (Nene): “Wow, you're right!”
MEIKO (Emu): “Hehe, there's a smile. Okay, let's get your shopping done! I know a place nearby that sells cheese...”
Luka (WxS): Hehehe... She's just like you, MEIKO.
KAITO (WxS): Yes. Considerate, bright and cheerful, and kind.
(Black cut)
Girl (Nene): “MEIKO! Thank you for bringing me home!”
MEIKO (Emu): “Hehe, it was no problem at all. I had fun, too! See you around!”
Girl (Nene): “Oh, please wait a moment!”
MEIKO (Emu): “Huh?”
Girl (Nene): “Um... Please take this! As thanks!”
MEIKO (Emu): “This is... A plushie?”
Girl (Nene): “Yes. Thank you for rescuing me.”
Girl (Nene): “You showed me not all scary things are scary, and taught me so much... I'm so glad I met you!”
MEIKO (Emu): “I'm glad, too!”
MEIKO (Emu): “Now, your parents must be waiting, so hurry on home. And wish them a happy anniversary from me!”
(Black cut)
Rui: Hehe. Did you enjoy our performance?
MEIKO (WxS): I was so surprised to see myself appear in your show! Thank you for this wonderful present!
Tsukasa: Oh, it's too early for thanks just yet! We have more presents for you!
MEIKO (WxS): Huh?
Emu: Hehehe, ta-da! Here's a present just for you, MEIKO!
KAITO (WxS): Oh, is that the plushie the girl from the show gave her?
Nene: That's right. We all feel the same way the girl did, after all. “We're so glad we met you.”
Nene: We all agreed that once the show was over, we'd give this to you.
MEIKO (WxS): Hehe, I should be thanking you all!
MEIKO (WxS): I'm so grateful to have met you all. It's made me so happy to watch over you as you grow.
MEIKO (WxS): Now then, I can't just sit still after getting such wonderful presents. I'll have to repay you! How about with a song?
Tsukasa: Wait just a minute, MEIKO! If you repay our celebration, we'll have to repay your repayment!
Emu: Hehehe, it'll be a repaying battle! Wait, doesn't that mean we would get to celebrate every day?!
Tsukasa: It's true, we would get to hold as many celebrations as... Wait, no!!! Once we start, we would never, ever end!
KAITO (WxS): Haha...
KAITO (WxS): MEIKO, they're being so sincere. Best to just go ahead and accept.
MEIKO (WxS): Hehe, I guess so! I really do want to sing now, though...
Nene: Oh, speaking of songs... Isn't it starting soon?
MEIKO (WxS): Huh?
Tsukasa: Indeed it is! There's actually a celebratory performance being held for the MEIKO in our world!
MEIKO (WxS): The me in your world! I'm so curious.
Rui: I thought you would be, so I brought a tablet. Why don't we all watch together?
Miku (WxS): Yay! I wanna see!
Nene: Here, everyone get in close so you can all see.
MEIKO (WxS): (I wonder if the me from their world has lots of people around her to celebrate, too.)
MEIKO (WxS): (Hehe, not only do I get to see a show starring myself, I get to see a show from another me. This has already been so much fun!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

MEIKO: ♪——————!!!
Miku, MEIKO & Luka: ♪ーーーーーーーー!!!
Comments: <It's only the first song and it's already nuts!> <You're so cool, MEIKO!>
MEIKO: Sorry to keep you waiting! Are you all ready to raise the roof?
Luka: Everyone here is so energetic. And...
Comments: <Good! To! Go!> <I love you MEIKO!!!> <Looking forward to it!!!>
Miku: We're reading the comments, too! It seems like everyone watching the stream is ready.
MEIKO: Hehe, thank you! Now, let's get this show on the road!
MEIKO: MEIKO's anniversary show starts now!
Miku, MEIKO & Luka: ♪————!!! ————!!!
Miku & Luka: ♪——————!!!
MEIKO: ♪ーーーーーーーー!!!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Phew. Thanks for getting pumped up, everybody!
MEIKO: Thanks to you too, Miku, Luka.
MEIKO: Now... Time to share today's concept with everyone!
MEIKO: The concept for this show is... “The Coolest Me I Can Be!”
MEIKO: I want everyone who's gathered to celebrate with me to see the coolest MEIKO in history!
MEIKO: Huh? You already see that every day?
MEIKO: Hehe. What I want to show you today will blow that right out of the water!
MEIKO: Now, before the show started, we had you fill out a survey about which songs you think I'm the coolest while singing.
MEIKO: I had a look at every one, and Miku, the others and I came up with a setlist!
MEIKO: So, everyone here in the venue and all of you at home! Burn this sight into your eyes!
MEIKO: Alright, Rin, Len! Let's jump right into the next one!
Rin: Yeah! We're going nonstop from here, everyone!
Len: Let's hype it up with MEIKO!
MEIKO: Thank you! Let's heat this place up!
MEIKO: Start the music!
(Black cut)
MEIKO & KAITO: ♪——————!!!
MEIKO: KAITO! Thanks for joining me for the last song!
KAITO: It was an honor to join you for the finale.
Miku: You both did so well!
Rin: What did you think, everyone? MEIKO was the coolest today that she's ever been!
MEIKO: Hehe. I'm glad you all were here to see it!
MEIKO: Miku, everyone, and all of you who answered our survey... And everyone who got things hyped up! Thank you for giving me so much strength today!
MEIKO: It's thanks to you that we were able to hold this show, to share this amazing time together, and I couldn't be happier!
KAITO: I'm glad we could help with such an amazing show!
KAITO: But you should know, we have one more present for you today!
MEIKO: Another present?
Luka: Yes. We wanted to be sure our feelings came across properly, so we all prepared messages for you.
Luka: MEIKO. I hope you accept these feelings of gratitude.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000373/bg_s000373.webp)
Miku: Happy anniversary, MEIKO!
Miku: It's so amazing how you face each and every fan head-on to be the very best you can be for them. Let's do another show together soon!
Rin: Happy anniversary, MEIKO! Your show today was the coolest!
Rin: I got the choreography you taught me down perfectly for the chorus! Did you see? Hehehe, let's sing together again soon♪
Len: Congrats, MEIKO! Singing with you today really reminded me how I want to be as cool as you are someday!
Len: I'll keep working on my singing power and impact, so just watch me, okay?
Luka: Happy anniversary, MEIKO. You're always so dependable and we're so grateful for everything you've done for us.
Luka: Of course, that includes me too. I'm sure I'll keep leaning on you from time to time, but if you ever need help with anything, let me know.
KAITO: MEIKO, congratulations! Your anniversary show was amazing.
KAITO: You always shine, but when you're on stage, you're even more brilliant than usual. I'm sure all your fans noticed it, too.
KAITO: I'm so glad we were able to contribute to such an important show for you. Here's to many more!
(White cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO: Thank you for the wonderful messages, everyone. The show isn't even over, and I'm already tearing up.
MEIKO: Thank you for coming to watch today's show, everyone! Personally, I think it came out great. What do you think?
MEIKO: There's nothing better than sharing this time with all of you through song!
MEIKO: And it's all thanks to the moment you first encountered my music.
MEIKO: Thank you for finding me, everyone. I hope we'll get to be together like this for a long time to come.
Miku: Hehe. I hope so too, MEIKO!
Rin: O-Oh no, now I'm tearing up too!
Luka: Hehe, don't cry. Look how hard MEIKO's holding her tears back.
MEIKO: Ah, Luka! Don't remind me about it!
MEIKO: I'm going to pay you all back plenty once we're done here, so be ready!
MEIKO: That's the end of our show today, everyone. I hope you'll come listen to us again sometime soon!
MEIKO: Thank you all so much! Let's meet again. Bye bye!
Everyone: Bye bye!
(White cut)
