1124_MEIKO (Ln)_R4 Wink, I Was Never Here! (event_158)

Gacha phrase: Let's give them a big round of applause!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

[The day of the reading event]

[Elementary School - Gym]

MEIKO (Ln): (Okay, I should be able to watch what happens on stage without being seen by anyone else...)
MEIKO (Ln): (Honami certainly found a good place for her phone.)
MEIKO (Ln): (As for the children... Hehe. They seem to have settled down.)
MEIKO (Ln): (I was worried a second ago since they were so restless...)
MEIKO (Ln): (But now, they seem to be really looking forward to hearing the story.)
MEIKO (Ln): (Those two look very calm.)
MEIKO (Ln): (Based on their expressions, I think they're ready.)
MEIKO (Ln): (And I'm sure they'll do just fine.)
MEIKO (Ln): (Regardless of who comes to see them, good musicians are able to captivate the audience with their music.)
MEIKO (Ln): (These two know how to do just that, so I'm sure they'll put on a solid performance. Break a leg, girls.)
Honami: Okay, let's get into the story...
Nene: Promise to listen quietly for us until the end?
Children: We promise!
Children: We wanna see the doggy again!
(Black cut)
Honami: “The next stop along the dog's journey was a forested land of many trees.”
Nene: “Hmm... This is bad. I won't be able to work if I don't find it.”
Honami: “A burly lumberjack has lost his faithful axe.”
Honami: “I'll help search for your axe, Mr. Lumberjack. I should be able to find it using my nose.”
Children: Yeah! Dogs have really good noses, right?!
Children: They do?! That's so cool!
MEIKO (Ln): (Honami's voice has this nice bounce to it.)
MEIKO (Ln): (I can tell that she's really enjoying reading to them.)
MEIKO (Ln): (Not only that...)
MEIKO (Ln): (I felt this during their rehearsal, but this Nene girl is such a great actress.)
MEIKO (Ln): (She's playing all these different roles, but she's nailed down the voices for each of them.)
MEIKO (Ln): (They're working in perfect sync with one another.)
MEIKO (Ln): (This is different from the performances I'm used to seeing, the kind that feels like a burst of emotion...)
MEIKO (Ln): (But it might be nice to see more slow-paced shows like this from time to time.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

MEIKO (Ln): What a wonderful performance...
MEIKO (Ln): (It felt like I was traveling alongside that dog as he went on his journey.)
MEIKO (Ln): (My heart was filled with so much warmth and kindness...)
MEIKO (Ln): (And the children seemed to really enjoy the story, which makes the event a big success.)
Miku (Ln): Oh, MEIKO.
Len (Ln): Where have you been? We couldn't find you at all.
MEIKO (Ln): Hehe. I went over to see Honami read.
KAITO (Ln): Oh... Are you talking about the reading event she said she'd be doing...?
MEIKO (Ln): Yes. It was a little different from her usual performances, but it was still very good nonetheless.
MEIKO (Ln): (Whether she's putting on the best performance she can to move others with her music, or trying to get children to enjoy the story she loves so much...)
MEIKO (Ln): (Her sense of drive doesn't change.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: MEIKO, there you are.
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, Honami, welcome!
MEIKO (Ln): Congratulations on your reading event. I'm glad it ended up going so well.
Honami: Thank you very much. I'm also glad that the children enjoyed the story so much.
Honami: Although, when I heard your voice, I became a bit startled...
MEIKO (Ln): Hehe. I couldn't help it. I mean, it was such a wonderful event.
MEIKO (Ln): Anyway, you were looking for me? Is something the matter?
Honami: Oh, that's right...! I brought over the books you asked for the other day.
MEIKO (Ln): ...! Thank you! I've been waiting for these.
MEIKO (Ln): “The Star-Chasing Dog” was so good that I wanted to see what other picture books you recommend.
Honami: Hehe. I'm glad you're saying that.
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, this book... The lion on the cover is so cute.
Honami: Ah, that's “My Friend Is A Lion”.
Honami: It's about a lion who is very kind but is feared by those around him.
Honami: He's a considerate creature who thinks about everyone else more than himself...
Honami: I love this story because it fills my heart with so much warmth after I read it.
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, that sounds really nice! Wait, what about this book?
Honami: That's “The Bell Of Bravery Rings In Your Heart”. It's about a boy who is afraid of many things.
Honami: He always ran from the things he feared, but he finds the courage to protect something he cares deeply about...
Honami: I remember being so excited by this story when I was little.
MEIKO (Ln): I see. This also sounds like a good one.
MEIKO (Ln): Still... Hehe.
Honami: ...? Is something the matter?
MEIKO (Ln): Just a thought. These books remind me of you, Honami.
Honami: Huh? M-Me...?
MEIKO (Ln): Yes. The way this lion thinks about the well-being of those around him reminded me of you, Honami.
MEIKO (Ln): And this boy working up the courage to protect something he cares about is no different.
Honami: R-Really?
MEIKO (Ln): Yes. You're an incredibly kind person, Honami, so it makes sense that your favorite picture books would be filled with so much warmth.
MEIKO (Ln): They're a nice reflection of who you are as a person.
Honami: I'm feeling a little embarrassed hearing you say that...
Rin (Ln): Hi, Hona! When did you get here?!
Len (Ln): What were you two talking about just now? It sounded like a fun conversation...
MEIKO (Ln): Hehe. Honami brought over some picture books for me.
Len (Ln): Picture books?
Rin (Ln): Haha! That's all MEIKO's been talking about lately. She keeps going on and on about how amazing the story you read was, Hona!
Len (Ln): Really? Now I'm starting to get curious.
Honami: I brought quite a few, so I hope you'll read any that catch your eye.
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, that's right. I was thinking...
MEIKO (Ln): I'd like to read any books that catch their interest to them.
Honami: Huh?
MEIKO (Ln): After seeing you read that story, I feel like doing the same thing now.
Rin (Ln): Wait, MEIKO, you can do what she did?!
MEIKO (Ln): I hope you're both ready. Alright, you two, let's pick a book.
MEIKO (Ln): You're more than welcome to stay and listen, Honami. I'd also appreciate any tips regarding storytelling.
Honami: Yes, of course...! I can't wait to see how you present these stories, MEIKO!
(Black cut)
