1176_MEIKO (MMJ)_R4 MORE MORE Training! (event_168)

Gacha phrase: Nice work! Let's do three more laps!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori & Airi: ————♪ ——————♪
Minori: (Next, Airi and I put our backs together.)
Minori: (I bumped into her after taking too big a step last time, so I need to take smaller ones as I walk backwards...)
Minori: *Gasp*
Airi: We did it, Minori! Let's commit what we just did to memory!
Minori: I will!
Miku (MMJ): Nice work, you two! We have towels and drinks for the both of you.
Minori: Wow, Miku, MEIKO, thank you both so much!
MEIKO (MMJ): We were watching from over there, and you two looked spectacular. We know that you've all been working very hard lately.
Airi: The Lumina Grand Prix's coming up, and it's gonna be our big chance to spread hope to a ton of people. We're willing to do whatever it takes.
Airi: After all, idols are all about...
Minori: Having heart, right?!
Airi: No, Minori, you thief!
MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. But that really is a beautiful motto.
Miku (MMJ): Yes, it is! After hearing your story, Airi, I also began thinking about how I can have more heart!
Minori: Oh, while we're on the subject...! Do you two have any personal mottos for what you do...?
MEIKO (MMJ): Well, for me...
MEIKO (MMJ): I'd like to be an idol forever!
Minori: Forever...?
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, I'd like to keep being an idol for as long as I possibly can.
MEIKO (MMJ): Of course, there are many paths an idol can take. Some decide to sear themselves into their fans' memories when they're at their brightest in order to continue lighting up their hearts.
MEIKO (MMJ): Some may leave the stage for television or radio programs. All are valid decisions in my mind.
Airi: Yeah... I can think of great idols who fit into each of those categories.
Minori: Now that you mention it, idols have been giving me hope and encouragement in a lot of different ways until now.
MEIKO (MMJ): Exactly. As for me... The road I want to take is to stay an idol forever.
MEIKO (MMJ): I mean, I just love idols so much♪
Miku (MMJ): MEIKO...
MEIKO (MMJ): I love being an idol, and I love all my fans for giving me so much support.
MEIKO (MMJ): That's precisely why I wish to keep doing this for as long as I possibly can♪
Airi: That's such a great expression of who you are, MEIKO...
Minori: Yeah...! I'd totally be in tears if I heard you say that during a show.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Me too. Why don't you tell your fans this during your next one, MEIKO?
MEIKO (MMJ): When the right opportunity arises. But...
MEIKO (MMJ): I think they already know how I feel.
MEIKO (MMJ): If anything, I'd rather communicate all my love by performing for them instead of just telling them.
Airi: We still have so much to learn.
Minori: We gotta do streams and shows in a way that makes our goals as a group clear! Just like MEIKO!
Minori: So, Airi, can we try practicing that song we just did again? I feel like I can put on a way better performance now!
Airi: I was just thinking the same thing.
Airi: Also, Miku, MEIKO, can you two give us any advice that comes to mind?
Miku (MMJ): Yes, of course♪
MEIKO (MMJ): Since you two are so motivated, I'll be going no holds barred here.
Minori: No holds barred MEIKO...! I-I'm ready!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Haruka: One, two, three, four!
MEIKO (MMJ): (They're all working hard again today. I can tell that they want to do well in the grand prix.)
MEIKO (MMJ): (I wish I could somehow provide them with more support...)
Haruka: Okay, that felt better compared to before.
Haruka: So, let's end our group practice here. We'll call it a day and each work on the finishing touches independently.
Minori: Okay!
Minori: Then, I'll practice stopping on a dime for that part where my movements go too far.
Shizuku: I also had some trouble with certain steps, so I'll work on mastering them.
MEIKO (MMJ): Wait, that's it...!
MEIKO (MMJ): Hi, girls! There's something I'd like to ask all of you...
(Black cut)

[A few days later]

MEIKO (MMJ): Alright, now that I've finished doing my research, I'm all set to go.
MEIKO (MMJ): MEIKO's Friendly Advice Service is open for business!
MEIKO (MMJ): And my first customer will be...
(Black cut)
MEIKO (MMJ): Haruka!
Haruka: Oh, MEIKO, can I help you?
MEIKO (MMJ): You said the other day that you were having trouble coming up with new workouts for everyone, remember?
MEIKO (MMJ): So, I took the liberty of coming up with some ideas based on that book you showed me. Here, take a look...
Haruka: I see. You're saying that we should try incorporating some Pilates into our usual exercises?
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes. By making your bodies more limber through Pilates, I believe you'll be able to expand your range of motion and get more out of your strength workouts.
(Black cut)
MEIKO (MMJ): You said that you'd like to make your legs look more elegant, yes, Airi?
Airi: That's right. We dance like ballerinas for this one song, but I look so clumsy during certain parts.
MEIKO (MMJ): You need to have both flexibility and very strong ankles in order to dance like that. And you can't just focus on your legs. It's going to involve your entire body.
MEIKO (MMJ): So, let's start by figuring out what you need to work on the most.
(Black cut)
MEIKO (MMJ): You were having trouble with these steps, right, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Wow, that's incredible...! You performed that so smoothly and precisely.
MEIKO (MMJ): There's a few tricks to that. Let's start by going over the basic components together!
(Black cut)
MEIKO (MMJ): You're trying to find a way to stop on a dime during dances, yes, Minori?
Minori: Yeah. I've gotten a lot better at it, but I'm still struggling to stop during faster songs...
Minori: Do I just need to keep strengthening my core...?!
MEIKO (MMJ): Your core is important, but you should be okay on that front already. The problem may have to do with how and when you flex your muscles.
MEIKO (MMJ): Everything will start falling into place once you get the hang of it. We'll start with a lesson on how to use your upper body properly♪
(Black cut)

[A few days later]

Minori & Haruka: ————♪ ——————♪
Airi & Shizuku: ————♪ ——————♪
Haruka: Wow. We're moving so much better as a group now.
Shizuku: Hehe. I have MEIKO to thank for showing me how to master those steps.
Airi: I also have MEIKO to thank. I can move my legs more freely after doing those stretches she showed me.
Minori: Me too! Now that I know how to use my muscles more properly, I've gotten a much better grasp of things!
Haruka: And I'd say our new workouts have also begun bearing fruit. I feel like we're all moving with a lot more balance.
MEIKO (MMJ): (I'm so glad that I was able to help them.)
MEIKO (MMJ): (However, as long as they continue being idols, they'll always have worries. So...)
MEIKO (MMJ): Nice work, everyone!
Minori: Hi, MEIKO!
MEIKO (MMJ): MEIKO's Friendly Advice Service is still open for business! Feel free to come ask me about any problems you have♪
(Black cut)
