1205_MEIKO (Ln)_R2 Heat's My Game (event_173)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Luka (Ln): Hehe. You seem awfully happy, MEIKO.
MEIKO (Ln): Of course I'm happy. The girls just got their first solo show scheduled.
MEIKO (Ln): They've been working so hard since even before going pro. I'm ecstatic that their efforts are paying off.
KAITO (Ln): Me too.
MEIKO (Ln): They just keep getting better and better as performers. Plus, this is their first solo show as professionals, so they seem incredibly motivated.
MEIKO (Ln): I'm sure it'll be a fantastic show.
KAITO (Ln): They were saying how they want to use all the right effects.
Luka (Ln): Yes, and they were discussing the show's overall concept too. They seem determined to make sure the audience goes home smiling.
MEIKO (Ln): Haha. I really can't wait.
MEIKO (Ln): We'll have to give them as much support as we can, so they can focus on putting on a great show!
MEIKO (Ln): Still, its overall concept...
MEIKO (Ln): What would you two choose if you could put on your own solo shows?
Luka (Ln): Well, in my case... I'd want to put on a show where I get to sing with everyone.
KAITO (Ln): Sing with everyone?
Luka (Ln): Depending on the song, I'd also want them to just listen... But for others, I'd want them to sing along.
Luka (Ln): By singing together, I'm sure we could share all our feelings together.
MEIKO (Ln): That's wonderful! I'd also love to do a show where we all sang with each other. It's such a great way to unite the venue!
MEIKO (Ln): What about you, KAITO? Any ideas?
KAITO (Ln): I'd just want to play music...
KAITO (Ln): I'm not very good at interacting with the audience... But I can share my feelings with others through my music, at least.
Luka (Ln): A conversation through music and sound, then. I think it'd be a wonderful expression of who you are, KAITO.
Luka (Ln): Alright, MEIKO, that just leaves you.
MEIKO (Ln): Right! I...
MEIKO (Ln): I'd want to put on a high-energy show. One which makes the audience shout so loud that they shake the whole venue!
KAITO (Ln): I had a feeling...
Luka (Ln): Would you mind telling us your reasons?
MEIKO (Ln): There are a lot... But people who came to my solo show would be there to see me, right?
MEIKO (Ln): So, I want them all to say, “MEIKO really does put on the best shows! I definitely want to see another one!”
MEIKO (Ln): That's why I think I'd want to put on a show which gets everyone involved.
KAITO (Ln): Involved...? Involved how?
MEIKO (Ln): I could do call-and-response sections during songs... Oh, and ask for requests directly from the audience!
MEIKO (Ln): And then I'd sing their requests right then and there. That'd be a great way for us to build a show together, right?
Luka (Ln): Yes, that does sound like fun. I'm sure it'd be an unforgettable show for them and for you too.
MEIKO (Ln): Exactly! So, if I were to do a solo show...
MEIKO (Ln): I'd want to build an amazingly high-energy show with the audience!
MEIKO (Ln): That'd probably be my concept.
Luka (Ln): That's so wonderful. It's very like you to want to do things together with the audience, MEIKO.
MEIKO (Ln): Actually, I feel like playing something now. Why don't we have ourselves a little session?
Luka (Ln): Sure. What do you say, KAITO?
KAITO (Ln): I'll join.
MEIKO (Ln): Okay! Then, why don't we celebrate the girls' solo show by playing Blue Moments?
Luka (Ln): I like it. Can you count us in?
MEIKO (Ln): Okay! Here we go, you two!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

MEIKO (Ln): I had no idea that Honami and the girls were in such a pickle.
Rin (Ln): Yeah, I was a little surprised too.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: I'm glad that our band is receiving so many offers, of course...
Honami: But I'm struggling to make a decision on what to do.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO (Ln): It is a tough one. Especially since their solo show and the Fan Festival are both equally important to them.
Rin (Ln): Yeah...
Rin (Ln): I think we came at the perfect time. I mean, Hona seemed so lost.
MEIKO (Ln): Yes, I'm glad she was able to talk it out with us.
MEIKO (Ln): She seemed to be feeling a little better when we left... So, I'm sure she'll be okay.
MEIKO (Ln): We need to keep providing them with all the support we can so that they can focus on their show.
Rin (Ln): Right! But what can we do, specifically?
MEIKO (Ln): Well... What if we cleaned this classroom?
MEIKO (Ln): I'm sure they'll be spending much more time here to practice and hold planning meetings.
MEIKO (Ln): Wouldn't it be easier to maintain your concentration when the classroom you're in is nice and clean?
Rin (Ln): Yeah! And they'd probably feel more motivated!
Rin (Ln): Alright, let's make everything so sparkly clean that they won't believe their eyes☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO (Ln): (Okay, I've finished wiping down all the desks. Now I just need to clean the windows with Rin.)
Rin's Voice (Rin-Ln): MEIKO, help!
Rin (Ln): I'm trying to clean the top part of the blackboard, but I can't reach it without jumping...!
MEIKO (Ln): Haha. I see. In that case, why don't I lift you up so you can do it?
Rin (Ln): No, don't treat me like a little kid!
MEIKO (Ln): I'm joking. Sit tight while I go get you a chair.
(Black cut)
MEIKO (Ln): We'll wipe the floors by starting on this end and working our way down the grain on the floorboards.
Rin (Ln): Okay! While we're at it, we should have a race to see who gets to the other side first!
MEIKO (Ln): You're on. I won't be holding back.
Rin (Ln): I'm not about to let you win either!
MEIKO (Ln): Alright, on your marks, get set... Go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Several dozen minutes later]

(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin (Ln): Humhumm♪ The classroom's so sparkly now!
MEIKO (Ln): I'm sure Honami and the others will be so surprised.
Len (Ln): Hey, Rin, MEIKO. We're thinking about playing a song together...
Len (Ln): Hm? This classroom looks really clean for some reason.
Rin (Ln): Oh, you noticed? MEIKO and I just gave it really nice clean!
Luka (Ln): This is incredible. Even the windows and floors are sparkling.
KAITO (Ln): But what made you two want to clean it all of a sudden?
MEIKO (Ln): We were actually talking about Honami and the others earlier. Despite having a lot going on right now, they're doing everything they can to keep at it.
MEIKO (Ln): So we got to thinking about what we could do for them.
Miku (Ln): I see...
Miku (Ln): Based on your logic, if we were to clean more rooms, then they'll be even happier. So, why don't we take this opportunity to do some cleaning ourselves?
Luka (Ln): Yes, let's all clean together.
MEIKO (Ln): Then, today can be SEKAI cleanup day.
MEIKO (Ln): Let's make the corridors and classrooms so clean that Honami and the others won't believe their eyes!
Rin (Ln): Yeah!
(Black cut)
