1239_MEIKO_R4 Feasting Like A Queen! (event_179)

Skill name: Our Epilogue
Gacha phrase: Sh-She's still going...?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

MEIKO: (I was hoping to sing with Miku if I found her...)
MEIKO: (But she doesn't seem to be here either.)
???: Is something wrong, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Oh, KAITO, Luka! Perfect timing!
MEIKO: I'm looking for Miku. Do you happen to know where she is?
Luka: Oh... Miku went over to take a look at those other SEKAI a second ago.
KAITO: She just left, so it may be a little while before she returns.
MEIKO: I see... Then, I'll wait here for her.
MEIKO: Miku's been visiting those other SEKAI quite a lot lately, hasn't she?
Luka: Now that you mention it...
KAITO: Maybe she's worried about everyone.
MEIKO: Worried?
KAITO: Remember the black fragments of feelings that have been appearing? She may be concerned about something else happening in those SEKAI...
MEIKO: Yes, that was very surprising for all of us, too.
Luka: Right...
MEIKO: Thinking about it, the strangest things seem to happen in those SEKAI specifically, don't they?
MEIKO: The black fragments of feelings are one thing... But new areas appearing, and trees that grow with people's feelings? Those are strange, too.
MEIKO: Watching over them has been a bit of an adventure.
KAITO: Yes, it has. It's been a bit nerve-wracking at times.
MEIKO: In that case, what if we did this?
MEIKO: Let's take a minute to imagine what could happen in their SEKAI. That should help you feel a little less scared!
KAITO: What could happen?
Luka: So we imagine what might happen so it doesn't feel so overwhelming?
MEIKO: That's right! For example...
MEIKO: Oh, imagine the flying train from Tsukasa's SEKAI arriving at the station in Ichika and the girls' SEKAI!
KAITO: What?! That'd be an extraordinary event!
Luka: That's less an event that could happen, and more an event that would cause a huge commotion.
MEIKO: Hehe. You might be right!
MEIKO: So, why don't you two come up with some examples?
MEIKO: If we envision things that are a little over the top, we should be able to handle whatever does end up happening in a cool and calm manner, no?
MEIKO: We'll be able to say, “It's not as bad as what we imagined.” See?
KAITO: I-I see...?
Luka: Hehe. I see your logic.
MEIKO: Right? So, let's think together!
KAITO: Hmm... Well...
KAITO: There's a lake in Mafuyu's SEKAI, and a pond in Minori and her group's SEKAI, yes? So...
KAITO: What if peering into the water in one SEKAI let you see the faces of people from the other SEKAI?
MEIKO: Yes! That's a wonderful example!
MEIKO: Oh, but... Seeing the face of someone else instead of your own would be a little scary. It's sort of like a horror film.
Luka: Oh? I don't think it'd be scary.
Luka: Imagine two people who were never supposed to meet, encountering each other across space and time. Doesn't that sound romantic?
MEIKO: Yes, that is another way of looking at it.
KAITO: Anyway, Luka, how about you? Have you come up with any outlandish happenings?
Luka: Well... Oh, in Kohane and her team's SEKAI, they have alleys where you can hear music.
Luka: What if that music turned into idol or rock songs one sudden day?
MEIKO: So, what would happen next?
Luka: Those alleyways would end up connected to Minori and her group's SEKAI and Ichika and her band's SEKAI. How does that sound?
MEIKO: I like it! That actually sounds a bit exciting.
KAITO: I agree. The thought of music helping you meet others is a wonderful idea...
KAITO: Wait, huh? Aren't we getting a little off topic?
MEIKO: Oh, I just thought of another one! It has to do with the SEKAI where I run a cafe...
(Black cut)
MEIKO: We came up with quite a lot of ideas! That was really fun!
KAITO: Haha... What began as mental preparation sort of turned into coming up with the funniest scenarios.
Luka: But we came up with so many ideas for things that would actually be lots of fun if they happened that I'm actually looking forward to what might happen next.
MEIKO: Me too! And the discussion did make me think...
MEIKO: Whatever does end up happening, I'm sure they'll be able to handle it.
MEIKO: New areas appearing in each SEKAI and those black fragments of feelings appearing were both startling developments...
MEIKO: But everyone made it through just fine in the end.
MEIKO: So, even if something beyond our wildest imaginings does happen, they should have no problem overcoming it!
Luka: You're right, MEIKO.
Luka: Their feelings have grown stronger than we could've ever imagined in the beginning.
KAITO: Right. Let's keep believing in the strength of their feelings as we watch over them moving forward.
MEIKO: Yes, let's do that!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

MEIKO: Alright, which SEKAI should I take a look at today?
MEIKO: Oh, that reminds me...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO: Hehe. Going over to see those two could be fun.
MEIKO: So, I'll start with...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Len (VBS): And then, Rin got way too excited and jumped into the chorus a beat too early!
Rin (VBS): Wait, you're still stuck on that?! How many times have you told that story already?!
Len (VBS): Just once! I'm telling Miku for the first time.
Luka (VBS): Huh? You're not having coffee today, KAITO? That's pretty rare.
KAITO (VBS): I have other things from time to time.
MEIKO: Things seem as lively as ever. Now, “I” should be... Aha.
MEIKO (VBS): Thank you all for being so patient. Your lunches are ready.
Luka & KAITO: Finally!
Rin (VBS): I ordered the rice omelet lunch set!
Len (VBS): And I ordered the Salisbury steak set!
Miku (VBS): Alright, settle down. Nobody's going to take your food.
MEIKO (VBS): What she said. Now, bon appetit.
Rin & Len: Let's e...
Rin (VBS): Huh? Is it just me or is this rice omelet bigger than usual?
Len (VBS): My Salisbury steak's also like twice as big as usual!
Miku (VBS): I only ordered the Napolitan pasta, but it came with a helping of spaghetti carbonara.
KAITO (VBS): I also received some sides that I didn't order.
MEIKO (VBS): I'm sorry... While making everything, I kept thinking about the me from that other SEKAI.
MEIKO (VBS): I got so caught up remembering how happy I was to see her enjoying my food that I accidentally made way too much.
MEIKO: I imagine it's hard not to feel proud as a cook after seeing someone devour your food the way she did.
MEIKO: On the other hand, they'll need to hold an eating contest to get through all these plates.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

MEIKO: It's getting late. I may've spent a bit too much time watching that little eating contest.
MEIKO: Let's see... Theater me should be...
Luka (WxS): Mhm... Dive into... Sea of watermelons...
MEIKO (WxS): A sea of watermelons? What kind of dream is she having?
MEIKO: I see she's letting Luka use her lap as a pillow again.
Luka (WxS): Oh no... I'm going to crash into the seeds... Someone, give me some salt...
MEIKO (WxS): Seriously, what is this dream about? I'm so curious now that I can't focus on the script for the show.
MEIKO (WxS): No, stop. Don't try to swim on my lap. Look, your blanket is falling off too.
MEIKO: Hehe. I wonder if she pampers Luka like this every time she lets her nap on her lap.
MEIKO: Normally, she causes the KAITO from this SEKAI a lot of trouble, but she's also someone who can look after others.
MEIKO: She has that in common with cafemaster me.
MEIKO: No matter how different their personalities are, they're both “me”. No wonder they're similar in some ways.
MEIKO (WxS): Yawn... Now I'm starting to get sleepy too...
MEIKO (WxS): Would I get to meet Luka in that dream if I fell asleep right now...?
MEIKO (WxS): I can also swim...in the sea of watermelons...
MEIKO: She fell asleep...
MEIKO: I shouldn't disturb her, so I think I'll excuse myself here...
???: Hey, MEIKO, Luka! Where are you?
MEIKO: That voice...!
Emu: MEIKO! Luka!
Nene: We're going to start rehearsal soon!
Rui: Would you two like to join us?!
MEIKO: They're looking for those two...
MEIKO: Everyone, they're over here! These two are taking a nap right now!
MEIKO: Wait, they can't hear me...
Tsukasa: Hm? MEIKO?
Tsukasa: Everyone, MEIKO's over here on this bench!
Rui: Ah, there she is. There's no mistaking the back of her head.
MEIKO: Ph-Phew... For a second there, I thought that we made eye contact.
MEIKO: But this...
Tsukasa: Hey, MEIKO. We've been looking for... Ah...
Nene: She's fast asleep. And Luka's with her, I see.
Rui: She may've fallen asleep after letting Luka use her lap as a pillow.
Luka (WxS): Hehe. I didn't know seeds floated in water... This means I can swim across the sea of watermelons...
MEIKO (WxS): Honestly, why a sea of watermelons...? I'd rather eat it instead of swimming across it...
Tsukasa: Eat the sea?!
Emu: I wonder what kind of dream they're having!
Rui: No idea. But we can be sure that it's a fun one.
Tsukasa: Yes, we shouldn't wake them from their fun adventure. Why don't the four of us practice without them?
Emu: Okay! Have fun in that dream, Luka, MEIKO!
MEIKO: Thank you all very much.
MEIKO: Anyway, I should also let them sleep.
MEIKO: Sweet dreams, “me”.
(Black cut)
