1264_MEIKO (Ln)_R3 Sensing A Depth Of Feeling (event_182)

Skill name: Mediator
Gacha phrase: I'm sure they'll be touched by your song.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Luka (Ln): The girls' new song was so lovely.
Rin (Ln): Yeah! I got super duper pumped! We clapped a whole lot and everything♪
Len (Ln): I have a feeling there's gonna be a pretty huge reaction at their show too.
MEIKO (Ln): Me too! That was our first time hearing it, but I got right into the groove!
MEIKO (Ln): Also...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO (Ln): It really brought their feelings straight to us.
KAITO (Ln): The theme they worked with was “Thank you for coming into my life”, right?
MEIKO (Ln): Right. The lyrics and the melody said it all...
MEIKO (Ln): I think anyone who's supported them up until now is going to find it particularly touching.
Miku (Ln): I agree...
Miku (Ln): It also reminded me of my first time meeting each of them.
Rin (Ln): Oh, I know what you mean! While I was listening, I kept thinking about all the stuff that happened at first!
Rin (Ln): Like how I napped for too long and showed up late, and how fun it was giving everybody nicknames♪
Luka (Ln): Now that you mention it, you really did get started on those the moment you met everyone.
MEIKO (Ln): I think I recall Shiho having a different one at first... Wasn't it Shihoppy?
Rin (Ln): Yeah! But she asked me to change it, so now I call her Shih. Hehehe, it's so fun remembering this stuff.
MEIKO (Ln): Haha. You were at full throttle right from the start.
Len (Ln): Is that how it went down? Well, I guess that's Rin.
Len (Ln): That makes me wonder... MEIKO, what was it like when you first met everyone?
MEIKO (Ln): Me? Hmm, let's see...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

MEIKO (Ln): How should I put this... They were pretty shocked.
MEIKO (Ln): Everyone's eyes were saucers, and they obviously had trouble grasping the situation.
KAITO (Ln): I think I can picture that...
MEIKO (Ln): Oh, you can?
KAITO (Ln): Yes. Knowing you, I assume you made yourself at home in a classroom one day without any preamble.
MEIKO (Ln): Hahaha, you nailed it.
MEIKO (Ln): I also remember how Ichika asked to hear the three of us play together.
Luka (Ln): So do I. We played their song for them.
Rin (Ln): Wait, they got to hear you three as a trio?! That must've been so fun!
Len (Ln): Yeah, I kinda wish I could've seen that.
MEIKO (Ln): Then, should we do a little something now?
Rin (Ln): Huh?
MEIKO (Ln): I was just thinking I wanted to play after watching the girls perform. Of course, Miku and Luka can feel free to turn me down.
Miku (Ln): It sounds good to me. I've been wanting to sing myself.
Luka (Ln): I'm sure it'll be fun to do this again after so long.
Luka (Ln): If memory serves, back then Miku was on guitar, I was on bass and MEIKO was on drums.
MEIKO (Ln): Yeah, that was it. Alright, we should be good to go after a quick warm-up.
MEIKO (Ln): Let's all enjoy ourselves to the fullest!
(Black cut)
Rin (Ln): You were all so cool...! Getting front row seats to that was awesome!
KAITO (Ln): That was a great performance...
Len (Ln): Yeah, it was something only you three could do. And you sounded more lively than usual.
MEIKO (Ln): Thanks, you guys! I had a lot of fun playing as this trio again after so long.
Miku (Ln): It all felt a little nostalgic since we were talking about our memories with the girls too.
Luka (Ln): It did. I was reminded of the positively dazzled expressions they gave us as we performed back then.
MEIKO (Ln): At the same time, I think this felt a bit different.
KAITO (Ln): It did?
MEIKO (Ln): Yeah. I can't explain it well...
MEIKO (Ln): But it's possible that the feelings going into our sound have changed.
MEIKO (Ln): We've gone through a lot together, made so many memories... Everything we've felt along the way still exists somewhere inside us, no?
MEIKO (Ln): So, I think what we put into our performance this time is somewhat different from back then.
Miku (Ln): Maybe you're right, MEIKO.
Luka (Ln): It's so interesting to think that our memories with the girls shape the way we perform.
Len (Ln): Memories shaping the way you perform...
MEIKO (Ln): That might be how the girls' new song got made too.
MEIKO (Ln): Maybe they took the time they've spent with their audience and the memories they've made together, and packaged everything they felt into their sound.
MEIKO (Ln): That would explain how it managed to move us so deeply.
Miku (Ln): That's true...
MEIKO (Ln): Now I'm even more excited to find out how the audience is going to respond.
MEIKO (Ln): Let's keep cheering lots to help the girls pull off the perfect show!
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

MEIKO (Ln): (Three million views... Ichika's song is spreading at an incredible pace.)
MEIKO (Ln): (Still, I can understand since it's such a great song. I was sure it'd resonate with people from the first time I heard it.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika: So, thank you. I really appreciate it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO (Ln): (It was Ichika's own power that allowed her song to move so many hearts...)
MEIKO (Ln): (But if I can say I managed to lend her a hand in some way, I'm glad.)
Rin's Voice (Rin-Ln): C'mon Len, what kind of party would that be?!
MEIKO (Ln): Hm?
MEIKO (Ln): Just now... Was that Rin? I think it came from that classroom.
Len's Voice (Len-Ln): I'm telling you, it'll be better for them that way. Why can't you think about that a little more?
Rin's Voice (Rin-Ln): I am thinking! Why can't YOU think more?!
MEIKO (Ln): Sounds like I should go see what's going on...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO (Ln): What's all the yelling, you two? I could hear you loud and clear out in the corridor.
Rin (Ln): Oh, MEIKO!
Rin (Ln): Listen to this! Len totally doesn't get it!
Len (Ln): You're the one who doesn't get it.
Len (Ln): You just keep saying that more party stuff is better, and won't listen to a word I say.
MEIKO (Ln): Party...? You're throwing a celebration for something?
Rin (Ln): Yeah! Ichi's song is getting a whole lot of views, right? So, I was thinking we've gotta have a party to celebrate.
Rin (Ln): That's when I went to Len. I mean, this is totally the fun and games committee's time to shine!
Rin (Ln): But then...
MEIKO (Ln): You ended up fighting over what direction to take it?
Rin (Ln): Yeah...
Len (Ln): All I said was that we should think about the girls' schedule.
Len (Ln): They all seem busy with stuff for the solo show, so I figured a little snack party in between practices would be the way to go.
Len (Ln): But Rin's totally against that.
Rin (Ln): I mean, busy times are when we want them to have tons of fun and feel all refreshed!
Rin (Ln): Don't you agree, MEIKO?
MEIKO (Ln): Wait, me? Hmm, well...
MEIKO (Ln): I can certainly see where you're both coming from.
MEIKO (Ln): Rin, you want everyone to enjoy this party to the fullest, and Len, you want to make sure it doesn't get in the way of what they're doing.
MEIKO (Ln): But... I think you've gotten too focused on the execution and lost sight of what's more important.
Rin (Ln): What's more important?
MEIKO (Ln): Yes. Why did you want to throw this party in the first place?
Rin (Ln): Well, obviously 'cause I wanna celebrate Ichi...
Rin (Ln): Oh...
MEIKO (Ln): Haha, it looks like you see it now.
MEIKO (Ln): You can get as particular as you want about the “how” of this celebration...
MEIKO (Ln): But it's not as important as that drive to celebrate at the core.
Len (Ln): You're exactly right, MEIKO.
Rin (Ln): Yeah... We both had that same feeling from the very start. But along the way, I started getting all feisty...
Rin (Ln): Sorry I was so stubborn, Len.
Len (Ln): I should've said things more nicely too. Sorry.
MEIKO (Ln): Sounds like the fun and games committee can get back to business as usual.
Rin (Ln): Hehe. We might've gone on fighting forever if it wasn't for you, MEIKO.
Rin (Ln): Thanks a lot for coming to talk to us!
Len (Ln): I appreciate it too... Thanks.
MEIKO (Ln): Hehe. You're very welcome.
MEIKO (Ln): So, now that you two have made up...
MEIKO (Ln): Want to go back to the drawing board for this party? I'll throw out some ideas too.
Rin (Ln): Wait, MEIKO, you're gonna help us?!
MEIKO (Ln): Of course. I want to celebrate Ichika's achievement as much as you do.
MEIKO (Ln): So let's come up with all kinds of ideas Ichika would love... And make this party something really special!
(Black cut)
