219_Mizuki Akiyama_R4 Between Feelings And Reality (event_22)

Gacha phrase: Hope, huh? That would be nice...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Main Street]

Mizuki: Humhumhuuum♪ I got me a super cute dress♪
Mizuki: The lace pattern on the midriff looks a little clunky, but I guess I can just fix that myself...
Mizuki: So it's off to the sewing lounge! I hope there's space... Hm, is that?
Shizuku: No, it's not this way either... The map said there should be an alley here...
Mizuki: (Oh, it's Shizuku...!)
Mizuki: Hey, Shizuku! We haven't seen each other since our picnic, have we?
Shizuku: Oh, Mizuki! Thank goodness!
Shizuku: I'm trying to get to this place here on the map, but I'm not sure how. Would you happen to know, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Sure, let's see... Huh?
Mizuki: Uh, Shizuku... This is a map of London...
Shizuku: Yes, I know! I'm trying to find a store called London...!
Shizuku: I looked up London and Map and this was what I found so...
Mizuki: Okay, now I get it...
Mizuki: Shizuku... This map won't get you to the store you're looking for. It's not even a map of Shibuya...
Mizuki: It's a map of London, UK, you see...?
Shizuku: Oh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Sewing Lounge]

Shizuku: Hehe. Who would've thought that we were actually headed for the same place?
Mizuki: I know, right?
Mizuki: (And this place being named Lond and not London probably didn't help either...)
Mizuki: But I didn't know that you liked embroidering, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Yes, my grandmother taught me how.
Mizuki: That's so cool! Do you ever make your own clothes and stuff?
Shizuku: I'm sure that I can, but I'm not very good with sewing machines or machines in general. I think that's why I prefer embroidery more since its much simpler...
Shizuku: So today, I'd like to finish making this.
Mizuki: A handkerchief with... Is that someone's name...?
Shizuku: Yes, I plan to give everyone in my group one. Each will have their own name and MORE MORE JUMP! sewn into them.
Shizuku: This one's for Haruka... I'm having their names be in their own color, but our group name will have the same design.
Mizuki: Whoa, that's amazing...! The letters are so tiny! You even gave your group name a cool color gradient too!
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you. It was worth the effort.
Shizuku: I hope your alterations go well too, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Thanks! It's time to give this thing a cute makeover!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Shizuku, is my sewing machine being too loud?
Shizuku: No, you're fine. I actually kind of like that sound.
Shizuku: It reminds me of how my grandmother used to make clothes for me and my little sister. It's very nostalgic.
Mizuki: She did? That's really nice of her!
Shizuku: Speaking of which, did someone teach you how to sew and do alterations like this, Mizuki?
Mizuki: No, I learned it all on my own by looking up stuff, watching videos and copying what people did online.
Shizuku: You learned to do all this by yourself? That's incredible!
Mizuki: Nah, this is nothing...
Shizuku: Hehe. Oh, by the way... Did you know that there's a nice, little handicraft shop with a fairly large selection here in Shibuya?
Shizuku: One of my little sister's childhood friends told me about it, and I always seem to find myself completely immersed in all the threads and fabrics they have available.
Mizuki: You mean the place on the second floor of that one building? Yeah, I go there all the time!
Mizuki: (I didn't realize Shizuku and I had this much in common!)
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Phew... Finally, it's done!
Shizuku: Oh, the lace on the midriff looks very nice. Almost as if a professional made it!
Mizuki: Hehe. Replacing that bit was a challenge, but I'm glad that it turned out as cute as I hoped it would...♪
Mizuki: How'd yours go, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Very well. I have one for each member of my group now.
Mizuki: Can I see...? Oh, I like what you did with the reverse side! This is so nice...!
Shizuku: Hehe. It's my thanks for everything they've done for me until now. Each stitch represents just how much I appreciate them. 
Mizuki: Yeah, you can really tell too! Honestly, I'm pretty jealous that everyone in your group gets to have one of these...!
Shizuku: Oh? In that case...
Shizuku: Would you like to have this one?
Mizuki: Huh?
Shizuku: I actually brought an extra handkerchief, and worked on it hoping to give it to you once I was done.
Mizuki: Oh...
Mizuki: (It has my name and a blue bird with a ribbon embroidered in...)
Mizuki: This bird's wearing the same ribbon as me!
Mizuki: A-Are you sure, Shizuku? I can really have this?
Shizuku: Yes, of course. You helped me find this place and I had a wonderful time with you today.
Shizuku: It would make me very happy if you accept it.
Mizuki: Wow...! Thanks, Shizuku!
Mizuki: Oh, by the way... I get the ribbon motif, but why a blue bird?
Shizuku: I really like little birdies and are probably my favorite thing to embroider. Also...
Shizuku: It's symbolizes my hope that you'll find your way to happiness, Mizuki.
Mizuki: It does...
Mizuki: I don't know what to say. Thank you so much, Shizuku. I promise to take good care of this...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - School Gate]

Mizuki: *Yawn*... So sleepy...
Mizuki: I really didn't want to come to school today, but my attendance has been getting pretty bad too...
Mizuki: Worse if the teachers start coming after me about it... Hm?
???: *Whirr*...
Mizuki: Hm? What was that sound...?
Mizuki: (That's weird... I thought I heard Rui's drone flying around, but was it something else?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mizuki: Finally, lunch...! Why do classes have to be so long?
Mizuki: Anyways, I should go get something as a little reward... Oh!
Akito: Hey, Akiyama.
Toya: Long time no see.
Mizuki: Toya! Li'l bro! What's up?
Toya: Are you heading towards the store too?
Mizuki: Yup! I need to hurry before they run out of what I want♪
Akito: ...
Mizuki: Hm? What's wrong, li'l bro?
Akito: I told you to stop calling me that.
Akito: But Ena told me about that picnic you all went on and how you saved her...
Mizuki: Oh, that? Yeah, I swooped in to save the day!
Mizuki: To be fair, I wasn't alone. I was actually with...!
???: Hello there! I was just looking for you...!
Akito: K-Kamishiro...!
Toya: It's been a while.
Rui: Hehe. First and second years really don't get many opportunities to interact with one another.
Rui: Anyways, I made something that you may find interesting. I was hoping to show it to you all today if you don't mind coming along with me.
Rui: You in particular, Aoyagi. This may actually interest you the most.
Toya: Huh? Me? If that's the case...
Akito: Sorry, but we were just about to get lunch! Let's go, Toya!
Toya: Huh? A-Akito...?!
Mizuki: What?! Don't leave me, li'l bro...!
Rui: Hehehe. Shall we, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Haha. Uh, sure...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama High School - Rooftop]

Mizuki: So what is it that you plan on doing? Just no explosions and stuff, okay...?
Rui: Oh, nothing like that. Here, take a look.
Mizuki: What is this? I see a big button attached to a speaker so... Is it a safety alarm for kids or something...?
Rui: You're mostly on the right track. Why not try pressing it?
Mizuki: Hold on... That usually means something bad's gonna happen. Are you sure?
Rui: Yes, I'm sure. It'll just make a sound. Please, feel free to press it.
Mizuki: Just a sound? Well, if that's all then... Here goes... Nothing!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <Ha ha ha ha ha!!>
Mizuki: Huh?! Wait, is that Tsukasa's voice?!
Rui: Hehehe. Go on! Press it again!
Mizuki: Uh, okay... Again!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <Whaaat?!>
Mizuki: He said something different! What is this thing?!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <Tenma, written as soaring pegasus!>
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <Wonderhoy!>
Mizuki: Hahaha! Seriously, what is this thing?!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <The one destined to become a star! His name is...!>
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <Razzle Dazzle Sunny Funny☆>
Mizuki: Hahahaha!
Mizuki: This is really him?! How many lines are there?!
Mizuki: Now I have to hear all of them!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: No, my sides... You made me laugh so hard...! You still haven't answered my question. What is this thing...?
Rui: It's an experimental prop for a show.
Rui: I've been thinking about how to use it and one might be to emulate instant transmission...
Mizuki: Instant transmission?
Rui: We could plant these within the audience and play them to draw attention away from the stage. During that time, cast members can appear or disappear as they like.
Mizuki: It's a little dull now that you've explained it... You think that'll actually work?
Rui: It'll depend on how and when we use them.
Rui: Again, they're still experimental, so it may be a while until we use them in an actual show.
Mizuki: I see. I kept thinking it was just a toy or something.
Rui: Hehe. That thought did occur to me as well.
Rui: It looks so innocent and pointless, but I believe that it can make people laugh without much effort.
Mizuki: Huh? Wait...
Mizuki: (Did he make this for me...?)
Mizuki: Rui...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rui: I'll be waiting on the rooftop again.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: Have you been waiting all this time for me...?
Rui: No, not at all. I've been flying a drone that tells me if you'd be coming up here.
Mizuki: (I knew it... That sound I heard earlier was his drone...!)
Rui: If you ever feel the need to laugh for no reason whatsoever, I can lend this to you.
Rui: I'm sure you'll feel better if you do.
Mizuki: Yeah, you might be right...
Mizuki: (Thanks, Rui.)
(Black cut)
