387_Mizuki Akiyama_R4 Making Chocolates With Children (event_51)

Gacha phrase: Let's teach them how to make chocolates!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Mizuki's Room]

Mizuki: Hmm... What to do for White Day...?
Mizuki: (Something simple that doesn't really imply anything is probably my safest bet.)
Mizuki: (To be fair, Ena might be the only person I know who believes that candy means, “I like you,” and marshmallows mean, “I don't like you.”)
Mizuki: Oh, but these heart-shaped chocolates are pretty cute...
Mizuki: Hey, this one uses a huge bar of chocolate as its base. That's so cool! They didn't even melt it!
Mizuki: Oh, this one's way too cute! It looks just like a lollipop!
Mizuki: (Kanade and Mafuyu went out of their way to get me chocolates, so I kinda want to give back something nice.)
Mizuki: (Chocolates of different shapes and sizes for each person would be ideal...)
Mizuki: But I'd need a bunch of different ingredients and cookware to make that happen.
Mizuki: Hmm... What else would be good...?
Mizuki: Hm...? What's this ad for?
Mizuki: Let's see... The “Chocolate Factory”?
Mizuki: Oh, it's a factory with a museum. They even have a kitchen studio where visitors can make their own chocolates.
Mizuki: Hey, they're even putting on demos for White Day!
Mizuki: Wait, we can use all the ingredients and cookware that are there?! And we can make them how we like?! This is it!
Mizuki: Alright, I've gotta check this place out♪
Mizuki: Oh, I should invite someone along!
Mizuki: Ena's... No, it's still noon. She's probably sound asleep. I'll have to wait until later tonight.
Mizuki: An's the next person on my list. She's probably on lunch break now, so I think I'll give her a call...
(Background change)
An: <Hello?>
Mizuki: <Hey, An! Are you free right now?>
An: <Yeah, I was just having lunch. What's up?>
Mizuki: <There's this place I'm thinking about checking out♪ It's called the Chocolate Factory.>
Mizuki: <Apparently, you can make your own chocolates if you go!>
Mizuki: <Sounds fun, right? Wanna come with?>
An: <Making your own chocolates does sound fun! When do you plan on going?>
Mizuki: <Um... Sometime before White Day if possible, so... This weekend!>
An: <Oh, this weekend...?>
Mizuki: <Do you have practice? Or an event?>
An: <There's also that, but I promised to help out at our place this weekend...>
Mizuki: <That's too bad. I guess business is business.>
An: <Sorry. Hey, hold on. Why don't you invite Akito's sister?>
Mizuki: <But I have a feeling that she won't want to be bothered with something like this...>
Mizuki: <Who else do you think would want to go?>
An: <Hmm... What about Kamishiro? You two are pretty close, right?>
Mizuki: <Rui? He'd probably be more interested in machinery than chocolate.>
Mizuki: <Also, his troupe usually has practice on weekends, so I doubt he'll be free to go on such short notice.>
An: <Then, why not Akito?>
Mizuki: <Huh?>
An: <He likes sweets, so he might be willing to go.>
Mizuki: <Yeah, I see your point... You really think he'll want to go?>
Mizuki: <Won't he just say the same thing as Ena? He probably won't want to bother with something like this.>
An: <I mean, they're doing chocolate-making demos for White Day, right?>
An: <Despite the way he talks, he's pretty old-fashioned. I have a feeling he's still figuring out what to give back, so he might want to go. Who knows?>
An: <Also... This Chocolate Factory sells its own chocolates, right?>
Mizuki: <Yeah... Oh, I almost forgot. The ad said this famous chocolatier names Paul Hansen is supposed to be visiting.>
Mizuki: <It even mentioned how participating in the demo gives you an opportunity to buy his latest creations.>
An: <Really?! That means you can buy chocolates for yourself and make some for White Day! Two birds with one stone!>
An: <There's no way Akito can say no to that.>
Mizuki: <Interesting. I didn't realize Li'l Bro liked sweets that much.>
Mizuki: <Thanks, An. I'll try asking him if Ena says she isn't up to it.>
Mizuki: <Also, sorry for taking so much time out of your lunch break.>
An: <No problem! Call me again if something comes up, okay?>
Mizuki: <I will! Bye bye♪>
(Background change)
Mizuki: Ena or Li'l Bro... It should be fun either way.
Mizuki: Hold on. I don't have to just invite one of them. Why not both? I could invite Toya along too!
Mizuki: I can't wait to see how things turn out. First, I'll ask Ena to see what she thinks♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[White Day]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 1-A]

Mizuki: Morning, An!
An: Hey, Mizuki! Fancy seeing you here in the morning.
Mizuki: Haha! I ran into Li'l Bro just now and he said the exact same thing.
Mizuki: But I need to be here today since it's White Day♪
Mizuki: Ta-daa! Happy White Day! My thanks for Valentine's Day.
An: Thanks, Mizuki! I have something for you too... Here, Happy White Day!
Mizuki: Hehe♪ Thanks, An!
An: Speaking of which, how was the Chocolate Factory? You went to make chocolates with Akito, right?
Mizuki: Oh, about that! You gotta hear what happened! It was so awesome!
(Black cut)
An: Really?! Tenma was supposed to perform in this show as an extra but his mascot partner couldn't stop crying?!
Mizuki: Yeah, we weren't sure what was gonna happen at first.
Mizuki: But Tsukasa and I worked together to make chocolates with all the little kids, while Li'l Bro helped our mascot friend settle down...
Mizuki: It was a total frenzy but really fun at the same time!
An: Cool. I would've loved to see how you and Akito acted!
Mizuki: I didn't say much, but Li'l Bro was a pro♪
Mizuki: The way he went all out with his bright and cheerful big brother persona was so great!
Mizuki: For more on that, you should probably ask him yourself.
An: Haha. I think I will when we get together for practice later.
An: Anyway, thanks for the chocolates. And bravo, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Yup♪ Thank you too, An!
Mizuki: (I can't thank you enough for treating me like a normal person...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: Heya, Miku, Rin!
Miku (N25): Welcome, Mizuki.
Rin: Hm? What's in the bag...?
Mizuki: I went to this place called the Chocolate Factory the other day to make some chocolates.
Mizuki: Here are some souvenirs! They turned out super cute, so they also make for good eye candy.
Mizuki: I'd like it if you could share some with MEIKO and Luka.
Miku (N25): Okay, we will... Thank you, Mizuki.
Rin: Oh, they're chocolate butterflies...
Miku (N25): Yes, they're very cute.
Kanade: Oh, Mizuki, you're already here.
Mizuki: Hey, there you are! Actually, I just got here. I was giving Miku and Rin their souvenirs♪
Mafuyu: From the Chocolate Factory...?
Mizuki: Yup! We were allowed to make as much as we wanted, so I decided to make some for Miku and everyone else.
Rin: Mine's a butterfly.
Ena: What?! That looks amazing! The wings are lined too neatly and they're colored really nicely!
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. I made them using the silicone molds they had at the Chocolate Factory♪
Mizuki: They had an even more complicated one with finer lines and stuff, but I decided to go with something simpler.
Miku (N25): It's beautiful.
Rin: Yeah, it is...
Mizuki: You like it that much, Rin? Awesome!
Ena: Okay, we get it. Does that mean you made us butterflies too?
Mizuki: I made something different for each of you♪ Here, take a look!
Kanade: Mine's a flower...
Mafuyu: I got wings...
Ena: No way! The petals look so real! And the curvature of these wings! It's like they're really wafting in the breeze!
Mizuki: Kanade's flower was originally supposed to be a rose. Unfortunately, it was hard to make thin petals, so it kinda ended up looking more like a tulip...
Mizuki: I wanted to make the wings look fuller too, but that also became way too hard. So, I decided to just make them look the part!
Mafuyu: I didn't know you could make anything like this out of chocolate.
Kanade: I'm just as surprised. Thank you, Mizuki.
Mizuki: You're welcome! You should open yours too, Ena!
Ena: Okay! What do I get?
Ena: Huh? Is this...? A pancake...?
Mizuki: Yup! A pancake-shaped chocolate that's colored to look just like the real deal♪
Mizuki: Do you know how hard it was to get it to look this fluffy? Also, like how the chocolate sauce turned out? Pretty good, right?
Ena: Y-Yeah, I guess so...
Ena: But you made everyone else these really artistic chocolates, while me... It's like you're trying to make me mad or something...
Mizuki: I have no idea what you're talking about.
Ena: Wait, that look just now! You did this on purpose!
Mizuki: Whoa! Miku, save me from Ena!
Miku (N25): H-Huh...?
Ena: Hey, don't use Miku as a shield!
(Black cut)
