429_Mizuki Akiyama_R4 Smell You Later! (event_58)

Gacha phrase: Later, Li'l Bro♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 1-A]

Mizuki: *Sigh*
Mizuki: (I know I need to keep my attendance up, but a whole day of classes is so exhausting.)
Mizuki: (Still, once homeroom's over...)
Class Representative: We'll now be choosing cheer squad members for the Sports Festival.
Mizuki: Huh...?
Mizuki: (The Sports Festival's one thing, but the cheer squad? I'd rather pass if it means standing out more than I need to...)
Class Representative: Since no one put their name in during our last homeroom, our class will be drawing straws.
Class Representative: Please say so if you draw a straw with “winner” in red letters written on it. Form a single-file line to the right and wait to draw your straw.
Mizuki: Yikes... I've gotta get mine now!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Okay...
Mizuki: Please, not me... What...?!
An: Mizuki? Does that mean...?
Classmate A: Oh, hey! Looks like Akiyama drew one.
Class Representative: Alright, that's our first winner. Everyone else, please keep checking to see what you get.
Mizuki: Grr... And I keep missing out on that anime song concert too... Why's my luck so rotten...?!
An: ...
Class Representative: Shiraishi, you're up.
An: Oh, right.
An: Alright, let's see... Nope, not me...
An: (Hmm... But it could be fun to be on the cheer squad with Mizuki during the Sports Festival...)
Classmate B: What...?!
Classmate B: O-Oh no... I... I can't be on the cheer squad...
An: Oh...
(Black cut)
Class Representative: That's all the straws. There should be one other winner out there. Who drew it?
An: Oh, me! I'm the last one!
Mizuki: A-An?!
Class Representative: Ah, Shiraishi. Understood.
Mizuki: (Man, An drew the short straw too. I guess we can lick each other's wounds while griping about our bad luck.)
Classmate B: Um, Shiraishi... Are you really sure about taking my place?
Mizuki: Hm...?
An: I actually kinda wanted to be on the cheer squad.
An: And not everybody's cut out for stuff like this, right? I really don't think there's any need to force yourself into doing anything for the Sports Festival.
An: So you can leave the cheering to me! But in return, promise to do your best during the other events!
Classmate B: O-Okay...! I should be able to do that for at least the ball toss!
An: Great! That's the spirit!
Mizuki: (So An took their place.)
Classmate B: Um... Thank you so much, Shiraishi.
An: No, I should be the one thanking you! Now I get to enjoy the Sports Festival with Mizuki!
Mizuki: Oh...
(Black cut)
Class Representative: Thank you for your cooperation, everyone.
Class Representative: The representatives for our class have been decided, but the cheer squad is always looking for more recruits. Please feel free to ask to join at any time.
An: Well, looks like we're both on the cheer squad now.
Mizuki: Yup. I guess the Sports Festival won't be as boring as having to sit through classes just to keep up my attendance.
An: Haha! I really doubt you'll be bored. I mean, our school's cheering competition's supposed to be pretty famous!
An: So let's do our best to make the Sports Festival really fun this year!
Mizuki: Okay, okay...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Mizuki's Room]

Mizuki: Hmm...
Mizuki: (What to do about that thing Rui asked me to do...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Mizuki: Huh? A video of a fire?
Rui: Yes. You saw that amongst the Captain's list of ideas, right? The one where we'd twirl weapons around as we jump into a fire.
Rui: Then, you mentioned how it could be done using a video instead.
Mizuki: I mean, yeah... But how do you plan on jumping into a video of a fire?
Mizuki: What if we jump out from behind whatever screen it's being shown on? No, that may look a bit too surreal...
Rui: I'll give that a little more thought. After all, it's a part of my job as the director.
Rui: So, I'd like you to focus on making that video for us.
Mizuki: Okay, got it♪
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Mizuki: Hmm... Fire... Flames...
Mizuki: (My initial impression involved a flame that crackled away as its flames rose into the sky...)
Mizuki: (But I get a whole screen to work with, so it might be better to have it twist and whirl.)
Mizuki: Hmm... I have a few ideas for that already...
Mizuki: But it has to be a fire that we can jump into while twirling weapons around...
Mizuki: Hang on... Why are we jumping into it at all? Do the weapons mean we're about to go into battle?
Mizuki: *Sigh* I should've asked to borrow that sheet of paper when Rui came to talk to me.
Mizuki: But for now, I'll just keep coming up with different patterns and ideas...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day - Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School]

Mizuki: No, this isn't it either... And this one... Wrong notes...
Rui: Here is it, Mizuki. This one has that idea about jumping through fire written on it.
Mizuki: Yeah, that! Thanks for helping me look for it, Rui.
Rui: No, I should've realized this sooner. My apologies, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Huh? I'm the one who forgot. You don't have to apologize.
Mizuki: However, if you're still feeling guilty, you can help me come up with more ideas!
Rui: Hehe. Of course. Speaking of which, have you come up with some already?
Mizuki: Yup! First, we're the blue team, so I thought it'd be cool to have a blue flame...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

Mizuki: Hey, Toya! Off to the library?
Mizuki: I haven't been there much, so mind if I tag along? Also, there's this book I'm trying to find...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Mizuki's Room)
Mizuki: Awesome! Now that I have all the info and materials I need, I can try putting a storyboard together.
Mizuki: This is supposed to take place right after the Captain makes his entrance as Liu Bei, so the flame's gonna need to draw everyone's attention at that moment.
Mizuki: And the flame itself needs to really roar since it's supposed to represent Liu Bei's determination.
Mizuki: Oh, the book about the Three Kingdoms that Toya recommended said more about what he was like.
Mizuki: Based on what this book says... He wasn't much of a talker and didn't really smile or laugh much.
Mizuki: Is that why Rui's script didn't include many lines?
Mizuki: Hmm... I should probably keep reading to get a better idea of how to get this flame to look right.
(Black cut)

[A few days later]

Mizuki: (First, I'll give it a powerful look that exudes a sense of steadfast resolve...)
Mizuki: (Next, a warm flame that can envelops and encourages everyone that comes near it...)
Mizuki: Phew... Okay, I have a way better idea of what to do now.
Mizuki: But the BGM...
Mizuki: (I still can't find any music that goes with this flame and changes its tempo at the right spots...)
Mizuki: Hmm...
Mizuki: Hm? Oh, it's Kanade. I guess she's back from having dinner.
Mizuki: (Maybe I should ask her... But it has nothing to do with our group...)
Mizuki: I could send a DM... That way, she can decide whether or not to look at it.
Mizuki: <K, I'm making this video for myself and am looking for songs that goes with this storyboard. Know any?>
Mizuki: <I know it has nothing to do with what our group does, so you don't have to do this if you don't want to♪>
Mizuki: Hmm... Hm...?! Whew...
Mizuki: The cheering competition's one thing, but practicing for the other events is also starting to take its toll.
Mizuki: I should probably take a bath and do whatever else to stay in good shape...
Mizuki: Hm? Hey, it's from Kanade...!
Mizuki: Oh, she looked at my storyboard! She even included a link to a video site...!
Mizuki: Thanks, Kanade! You're the best!
Mizuki: Let's see what kind of song she suggested♪
Mizuki: (I was so bummed out at first when I got picked for the cheer squad...)
Mizuki: (But this is actually getting to be pretty fun.)
Mizuki: (I guess that straw was right about me being the “winner”.)
Mizuki: Haha. That means I'm gonna need to produce a good video that helps us win the cheering competition♪
Mizuki: Alright, let's do this!
(Black cut)
