491_Mizuki Akiyama_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Yeah, I had a lot of fun...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[The day before Mizuki's birthday]

[Mizuki's Room]

Mizuki: Hmm... I'm so bored...
Mizuki: (Even I'm surprised at how fast I was able to put that video together.)
Mizuki: I don't have work today either, so maybe I can have some fun by...
Mizuki: Hm? A message from An?
An: <It's your birthday tomorrow, right, Mizuki? I wanna celebrate, so mind coming to school for me tomorrow?>
Mizuki: What? School? But we're on summer vacation. Why?
Mizuki: (Oh, because only students doing club and student council stuff are gonna be there...?)
Mizuki: Hmm...
Mizuki: Oh, I got a message on Nightcord too...
Ena: <There's something I want to discuss with all of you. Mind gathering an hour earlier than usual?>
Mizuki: Discuss...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few minutes before midnight]

Mizuki: (She said an hour earlier than usual, so now might be a good time.)
Mizuki: <Hey, everyone here?>
(Background change)
Ena: <You're late!>
Mizuki: <Whoa, Enanan, what's up?! You sound really mad.>
Mizuki: <Have been getting enough calcium? Stress isn't good for your skin, you know?>
Ena: <Just who do you think the source of that stress is? Didn't I ask you to be here an hour earlier than usual?>
Mizuki: <Yeah, and I'm here. Exactly an hour earlier than...>
Ena: <That's too exact!!>
(Background change)
Mafuyu: <Enanan, it's time...>
(Background change)
Ena: <Crap, this'll have to wait! We have to start counting down!>
(Background change)
Mizuki: Huh...?
Mizuki: (Wait, is this for...?)
(Background change)
Kanade: <Ten, nine, eight, seven...>
(Background change)
Mafuyu: <Six, five, four...>
(Background change)
Ena: <Three, two, one...!>
Ena: <Happy birthday, Amia!>
(Background change)
Kanade & Mafuyu: <Happy birthday.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Whoa! Thanks, you guys! You remembered my birthday.>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Yes, Enanan reminded us. To be perfectly honest, I could only remember that you were born around the end of August...>
Mizuki: <That's totally fine! Thank you too, Yuki! I know you're busy with school and all.>
(Background change)
Mafuyu: <This is nothing. It's the least I could do.>
(Background change)
Ena: <Then, Yuki, can you stick around for a bit longer? We still have to head over there.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <There? You mean SEKAI?>
Ena: <Yeah! So, everyone, play Untitled!>
Mizuki: <Enanan seems really excited...>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Hehe. Yes, she does.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty SEKAI]

Rin: Oh, they're here...
Miku (N25): Okay, here we go...
Miku (N25): Happy birthday, Mizuki.
Rin, Luka & MEIKO: Happy birthday.
Len: Wow...!
Luka: Oh, Len, did you not pop your popper?
Len: I-It felt kinda scary...
Miku (N25): Then, I'll help you pop it. Once we do, you can join us to celebrate Mizuki's birthday.
Len: O-Okay...
Miku (N25): One, two...
Len: H-Happy birthday, Mizuki... Three...
Len: *Gasp* It popped!
Mizuki: Haha! Nice one, Len.
Len: Thank you...
Rin: This is starting to feel like a party for someone else now...
Mizuki: Haha. That's totally fine! I've already gotten my fill of feeling all warm and fuzzy inside.
Luka: Hehe...
Mizuki: Also, Miku and the others all had party poppers. Does this mean you guys had everything ready before we came over?
Ena: Hehe. Yeah. I mean, you like these sorts of surprises, right, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Hehe. You know me all too well♪
Mizuki: So, how do you feel after successfully pulling off your surprise?
Ena: I'm pretty satisfied. Although, I was pretty antsy by the time a certain somebody decided to show up two minutes to midnight.
Mizuki: Haha! That's just the nature of these kinds of surprises, right?
Mafuyu: Aren't you going to ask, Kanade?
Kanade: Oh, that's right. Is there anything you'd like to have, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Huh? Anything I'd like?
Ena: Yeah, that's right! We haven't gotten you a present yet because we weren't exactly sure about what you wanted.
Kanade: Yes, and we want you to enjoy your gift.
Mizuki: What I want...?
Mizuki: (What do I want...?)
Kanade: Mizuki? You know you can ask for anything you like, right?
Mizuki: Yeah... Alright, in that case!
Mizuki: First, that new one-piece by that brand I really like! It's super cute and I should be able to wear it until fall rolls around.
Mizuki: Second, cosmetics that are only available during fall! The ones I wanted to preorder are all sold out, so I can only get them by going to the actual store now. It'd be great if you could line up for me and get them.
Ena: Um, Mizuki...?
Mizuki: Also, the new cake that cafe by the station started selling! You have to line up in the morning to get this one too, so... Oh, if only someone would do that for me!
Mizuki: I know! What if...?
Ena: Stop right there! You're asking for way too much! There is such thing as discretion, you know?!
Mizuki: Aww, but Kanade said I could have anything I want...
Mafuyu: Lining up in the morning to buy stuff is easier said than done since both Kanade and Ena aren't morning people.
Kanade: R-Right... But if it's what you want, Mizuki, maybe I can...
Ena: See?! Look what you're making Kanade do! Also, I can wake up if I really tried!
Mizuki: Hahahaha!
Mizuki: (Honestly, I don't really care about any of those things. That's because what I really want is...)
Miku (N25): Mizuki, you seem happy...
Mizuki: Yup! Super happy♪
Miku (N25): You are? I'm glad to hear that...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - School Gate]

Mizuki: Well, I'm here.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: <It's your birthday tomorrow, right, Mizuki? I wanna celebrate, so mind coming to school for me tomorrow?>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: Just being at school makes me kinda tense, but there shouldn't be anything for me to worry about today...
Mizuki: So...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-A]

Mizuki: An, I'm here!
An: Now!
Everyone: Akiyama, happy birthday! Mizuki! Happy birthday! Happy birthday, Akiyama!
Mizuki: Whoa! Wait, you're all here...?!
Rui: What a splendid reaction. This surprise was well worth the effort.
Tsukasa: Also, Akiyama, what are you doing standing over there?! Come join us!
Mizuki: O-Okay...
Mizuki: Hold up, An, you said that you wanted to celebrate my birthday, right? You didn't mention anything about inviting Rui and everyone else.
An: What? It's your special day. There's no way I wasn't gonna invite them.
An: So, I had everyone that was free join us here! Oh, but Akito's sister was...
Akito: She said she'd pass since you already celebrated with your music group. She's probably sound asleep at home right now.
Mizuki: I bet...
Mizuki: (Right as we were about to call it a night, she had that look of satisfaction on her face after “pulling out all the stops” for her surprise.)
Rui: Also, Mizuki, would you mind putting this on?
Mizuki: A sash that says...? “Today's star”...? Haha! You actually brought one of these?
Tsukasa: Yes. It looks just right on you, Akiyama! As it should on today's star!
Akito: Even so, is that something to be happy about...?
Toya: Shiraishi, the screen's all set.
An: Thanks! It's all yours, Kohane!
Kohane: Okay!
Mizuki: Hm? Do we get to watch a movie or something?
An: Better. We had Kohane whip a little something together for us.
Kohane: Okay... Here it goes!
(Background change)
(Background change)
Mizuki: What?! N-No way...!
(Background change)
Minori: <Mizuki! Happy birthday!>
Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: <Happy birthday!>
Minori: <Hehe. It's us! MORE MORE JUMP! You've been such a loyal fan, so we'd like to sing a song for you to celebrate your birthday!>
Haruka: <We hope you and your friends all enjoy as you listen.>
Airi: <Ready, Mizuki...? We're gonna make this feel like the best day ever just for you!>
Shizuku: <From MORE MORE JUMP! with Love♪>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mizuki: Whoooaaa!
Mizuki: Th-This is so awesome...! MMJ's singing a song just for me?!
Mizuki: Is this really happening? Am I worthy of such an incredible gift?!
An: Haha! Yeah, don't worry about that. Shizuku and Airi both said that they'd be more than delighted to do this for you.
Kohane: Minori and Haruka also said the same thing. I'll send the video over to you later, Akiyama!
Mizuki: Thank you so much!! You really are an angel, Kohane!!
An: I know, right? But you don't get to have her.
Kohane: A-An...!
Mizuki: Haha!
Toya: They certainly seem to be enjoying themselves.
Rui: Yes, and I have all of you to thank.
Tsukasa: Next, a little surprise from us!!
Mizuki: Wait, Tsukasa, you guys prepared something too?!
Tsukasa: Of course! You didn't expect us to come to a birthday party empty-handed, did you?
Tsukasa: So, we're going to sing! Rui, Toya, Akito! Let's start with the happy birthday song!
Toya & Rui: Yes! Okay!
Akito: Fine...
(Black cut)
An: Alright, we'll cap things off by taking a commemorative photo!
Tsukasa: Naturally, Akiyama, you'll be in the center!
Mizuki: Sure thing♪
Toya: We should probably stand in the back.
Akito: Yeah, us too. It'll probably look more balanced if we have An and Kohane in the front.
Tsukasa: I'll stand wherever. Stars need not choose where to stand! They will shine regardless!
Kohane: Um, about here...?
Kohane: Five seconds! Four, three...
Rui & Toya: Two!
Tsukasa & Akito: One!
An & Mizuki: Zero!
Mizuki: (I never really had many good memories when it came to school...)
An: Hey, that looks great! Nice work, Kohane!
Tsukasa: Oh? Let's have a look.
Toya: I'd like to see as well to make sure I actually smiled.
Akito: Is that why you were touching your face so much before the shutter went off just now...?
Rui: Did you have fun, Mizuki?
Mizuki: ...
Mizuki: Yeah, I did. It was really fun.
Rui: You did? Then, I'm glad.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000108/bg_s000108.png)
Airi: Happy birthday, Mizuki! We heard that you really enjoyed our video letter!
Shizuku: I'm really glad we asked Minori and Haruka to do that for us. We should all go out together again sometime, Mizuki.
Airi: It might be fun to visit another mountain and soak in some nice views. Anyway, we'll let you know if anything comes up!
Tsukasa: I'm very happy with how your birthday party went, Akiyama. Not only was it fun, you had a great, big smile on your face!
Toya: Yes, I wasn't sure what to give you for your birthday because I didn't know what you like... But I'm glad we were able to present you with something nice.
Akito: Yeah, Akiyama definitely seemed happy, but at my expense.
Rui: Oh? According to Shiraishi, you were okay with it as long as Aoyagi here was on board.
Tsukasa: Heh. There's no need to be shy, Akito.
Toya: Yes, he tends to act like this in these sorts of situations.
Akito: Huh?! Toya, what are you...?!
An: Okay, settle down. Next, it's our turn. Once again, Mizuki, happy birthday!
An: I hope we get to stay friends for as long as possible! I mean, it's not every day that you meet someone you can connect with so well!
Kohane: Um, I'd like it if we got to know each other a little better, so let's talk again sometime. Once again, happy birthday!
Kanade: Happy birthday, Mizuki. Thank you for always making such incredible music videos for us.
Kanade: I also need to thank you for really watching out for us. You've helped us all out so many times that I've lost count. Looking forward to keep working with you.
Mafuyu: Happy birthday... I can't actually tell, but I'm guessing this means quite a lot to you, Mizuki...
Mafuyu: At least, that's what it seemed like when we celebrated in SEKAI... Anyway, I'll see you later on Nightcord...
Ena: Happy birthday, Mizuki. Did you have fun during the party at school? I guess I could just ask Akito about how it went...
Ena: But it seems better to ask you personally, so let me know what it was like sometime. I'll be waiting on Nightcord! See you!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mizuki: Today was such an amazing day. And I have all of you to thank.
Mizuki: I really need to thank Ena and the others.
Mizuki: But... It might be nice to spend a day like this every so often.
Mizuki: I mean, today is my birthday after all♪
Mizuki: I really appreciate how you all joined me to celebrate.
Mizuki: Thank you all so much!
(White cut)
