614_Mizuki Akiyama_R4 Retail Therapy (event_89)

Gacha phrase: Oh, why don't we check out that place too?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Scramble Crossing]

Ena: Thanks for coming along to buy art supplies with me, Mizuki.
Mizuki: You're welcome♪
Mizuki: (I'm glad she asked me to join her... All I could think about was what happened when I was by myself.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: <I did... But she must've found it while looking around inside my computer when I was out...>
Mafuyu: <I have to think that she also found my lyrics and Nightcord...>
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanade: <Mafuyu's mom contacted me...>
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanade: <So... She asked me to stop working on music with Mafuyu.>
(White cut)
Kanade: <I said how I'm not in a position to ask her to do that as long as she wishes to keep working with us...>
Kanade: <Then, she responded by asking me to meet with her in person...>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: ...
Mizuki: (Easy, Mizuki... You're here to take your mind off things, so no thinking about that right now!)
Ena: Oh, that reminds me...
Ena: When I invited you, didn't you say that there were some shops you wanted to check out?
Mizuki: Yeah, there are! I was hoping to go around to them after you got everything you needed.
Ena: Okay. So, where did you have in mind?
Mizuki: That apparel shop at the mall we went to a while back! Remember? You bought that really cute blouse there.
Ena: Oh, that place... Do they have some new stuff?
Mizuki: Yeah, there's that...
Mizuki: But some anime-inspired stuff from this show I really like is also supposed to go on sale today♪
Ena: Anime-inspired stuff? Like character costumes?
Mizuki: No, original outfits based on this one character! You won't believe how cute it is!
Ena: I see...
Mizuki: Your face is telling me, “You say it's cute, but you only think that because you like this show, right?”
Mizuki: But I'm not joking when I say it's super cute!
Ena: Okay, I get it. Also, what was that just now? Were you trying to impersonate me?
Mizuki: Pretty good, right♪
Ena: Huh? In what way?
Mizuki: Haha! Anyway, let's head over!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Mizuki: Oh, here! Found it! It's this one-piece!
Ena: This? It is really cute, and you could wear it on a regular basis too.
Mizuki: See? How many times did I say before that it's super cute?
Mizuki: However, as a fan of this character... Check this out!
Mizuki: This little bit is what makes it special! And it's totally obvious if you're her fan.
Ena: Is that what you meant before?
Mizuki: Yup. So, mind if I go try it on?
Ena: Be my guest. I'll keep looking through this rack.
Mizuki: Okay, be right back...
Mizuki: Oh...!
Ena: Huh? Mizuki? Aren't the fitting rooms over that way?
Mizuki: This dress is so nice...
Ena: Yeah, the little frills on the sleeve are subtle but really cute... At the same time...
Ena: It's pretty casual-looking. You don't normally wear stuff like this, do you?
Mizuki: Yeah, but imagine if Kanade wore it?
Ena: *Gasp* It'd look perfect on her!
Mizuki: Right?! And if you take this with these pants! Ta-daa! It's totally Mafuyu!
Ena: Yeah, it is! But I'm not sure if she'd ever wear something like this...
Mizuki: Haha. True...
Ena: This reminds me of when the four of us went shopping together that one time...
Mizuki: Yeah, when we went to see that movie!
Mizuki: We looked for outfits that we thought would look good on Kanade and Mafuyu, and begged them to try them on!
Ena: Yeah, that was really fun. I hope we get another chance to hang out like that again.
Mizuki: Same... They'll probably say no, but wanna try asking them anyway?
Ena: Yeah... Especially since it might help Mafuyu take her mind off things.
Ena: Oh, actually... If push comes to shove, I could ask her to model for another painting.
Mizuki: Yikes... Some friend you are.
Ena: Excuse me? I've been such a good friend to her!
Ena & Mizuki: Hehe. Haha!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Diner]

Mizuki: (I really wasn't expecting to run into Mafuyu here like this.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Mizuki: But guess what?! This one shop we went to today had these new outfits that would look so great on you and Kanade!
(White cut)
Ena: Mizuki made a huge fuss about that when we were there too.
Mizuki: Haha! Yeah, I did! So, Mafuyu, wanna invite Kanade and check it out together the next time we can?
Mafuyu: Together...?
Ena: Yeah... We don't know when we'll be able to, but let's set aside some time when we can, okay?
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: I'll think about it...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Mizuki: (It's nice that she sort of wants to go out shopping and stuff with us again.)
Mizuki: (And us chatting like this will hopefully help give her some reprieve from what's been happening!)
Mizuki: (Hmm... What should we talk about next...?)
Mizuki: (Oh, I know...!)
Mizuki: Speaking of which, we went shoe shopping after looking at clothes. Ena took like twenty minutes to decide whether or not to buy the pair she was looking at...
Ena: Well all of the little signs for them only had good things written about them which was really shady...
Mafuyu: Shady...?
Ena: They look like an ordinary pair of sneakers, but they apparently help you lose weight just by having them on your feet...
Ena: The soles seemed to be designed in a way to make it deliberately hard to maintain your balance, so I guess your legs would sort of get a workout just by walking around in them.
Mizuki: They even had these videos playing which seemed to show that they actually work...
Mizuki: All that leaves is for her to actually put them on and exercise...
Mafuyu: I doubt she will...
Ena: Hey, I... Might've if I bought them...
Mafuyu: Then, why didn't you buy them?
Mafuyu: Even if they don't work as advertised, you'd be motivated to work out and lose weight, right?
Mizuki: Yeah, what she said. You would've felt compelled to exercise and get your legs in shape.
Mizuki: So, maybe you should've bought them.
Ena: Huh? What are you two getting at?
Ena: I mean, Mizuki... You don't really exercise since you usually stay in your room while you work, right?
Ena: But you have a ton of stamina. Why is that?
Mizuki: Haha. That's because I have three healthy meals every day. Unlike a certain someone...
Mizuki: Also, I have to stand, walk around and carry a bunch of stuff at my job.
Mafuyu: This other girl in my class also works in retail and seems much fitter than you, Ena...
Ena: Oh? I was under the impression that clothing store employees just stood around all day, but you have to stay pretty active, huh?
Mizuki: Hey, hold up! Standing around isn't easy! You have no idea how much my legs and back hurt after a shift!
Mizuki: Also, carrying around stuff takes a lot of out you.
Mizuki: What else is there...? Oh, we have sales quotas to meet and have to get in a certain number of customers per day, so you need to be a smooth talker too.
Ena: You do...? That seems pretty easy for you, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Haha! I chose this job specifically because I thought I'd be great at it.
Mafuyu: Mizuki, your ribbon... It's going to get stained...
Mizuki: Huh? Whoa, good catch! It was about to dive right into my parfait!
Ena: The ice cream's even starting to melt! You gotta eat it quick!
Mizuki: Yeah, you're right! I got so into our conversation that I totally forgot about it!
Mafuyu: ...
Mizuki: Mafuyu? Is something wrong...?
Mafuyu: No...
Mizuki: Okay.
Mizuki: (Come to think of it, Mafuyu didn't look so good when I went over to go talk to her...)
Mizuki: (Or am I just overthinking things...?)
Ena: Oh, Mafuyu, you drank all your tea. Do you wanna order something else...?
Mafuyu: No, it's okay...
Mizuki: We've still got some fries, so feel free to have some!
Ena: Hey, Mizuki... Can you take some of my parfait?
Mizuki: Yours? Don't tell me you're already full.
Ena: Actually, I am... Kinda... It was bigger than I was expecting...
Mizuki: But I'm still working through mine...
Mizuki: (Still, I won't be having dinner for a while, so I guess I can lend her a hand.)
Mizuki: If you insist...
Mafuyu: Shall I have some?
Mizuki & Ena: What...?!
Ena: That'd be great, but... Are you sure?
Mizuki: Yeah, aren't you having dinner soon...? Also, the taste...
Mafuyu: A little should be fine.
Mafuyu: I won't know how it tastes, but I don't think I'll hate it.
Mizuki: In that case, Mafuyu, let's help her together.
Ena: Thanks, Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: You're welcome...
Mizuki: (Huh...?)
Mizuki: (Is it just me or did Mafuyu smile ever so slightly just now...?)
Mizuki: (I hope she's feeling a little better...)
(Black cut)
