636_Mizuki Akiyama_R4 What I've Learned (event_93)

Gacha phrase: It's okay to run away when it gets too much.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Diner]

Mizuki: Now that our new song's been uploaded, it's time we started our usual after-party!
Mizuki: Is what I wanna say...
Ena: But Mafuyu's running pretty late... She told us that cram school's taking longer than expected...
Mizuki: Still, doesn't that mean she wants to come? I'm sure she'll be here soon.
Mizuki: (I mean, I've gotta think we're all worried about her...)
Mizuki: (We've been chatting through text, but it's been over a week now since we actually worked while talking to each other.)
Mizuki: Oh, hey! Mafuyu!
Kanade: Thank goodness you could make it...
Mafuyu: *Nod* But sorry for being late...
Mizuki: No, we get that you're busy. Thanks for making the time to stop by!
Mizuki: Actually, we were just about to start, so your timing couldn't have been better♪
Ena: Here's your drink. You'll just have to live with orange juice for now...
Mafuyu: Thank you...
Mizuki: Anyway, where was I?
Mizuki: Everyone, here's to our new song! Cheers!
Ena: Cheers!
Kanade & Mafuyu: Cheers.
Mizuki: Ahh! This juice really hits the spot!
Ena: You sound way too excited, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Why wouldn't I be?! Our new song's been getting a ton of views and comments♪
Ena: I haven't actually looked yet. Let's see... Whoa, you're right...!
Ena: We're getting a decent amount of views, but this looks like way more comments than normal. Some of these people have pretty big threads going.
Mafuyu: There was a bit of a gap between this one and our last one...
Mafuyu: And you may need to wait on me again to complete the lyrics for our next song...
Kanade: Don't worry about that, Mafuyu. There's no rush. Just work at your own pace...
Mizuki: Yeah! We'll give you as much time as you need.
Mafuyu: Thank you...
Mizuki: Oh, that reminds me! Did you all see the trailer for the superhero movie from Hollywood that just released?!
Mizuki: It's the one about how these guys fight against all these different baddies while traveling through space!
Ena: Space? Oh, I think I caught a glimpse of it on TV. The CG looked so pretty...
Mizuki: I know, right?! The stars and galaxies looked absolutely gorgeous! Emulating zero gravity is also supposed to be really hard, but they totally nailed it!
Mizuki: And the music! This one song they used starts out pretty quiet but builds up to this grand climax...!
Mizuki: It was even composed by this person who's become really popular producer of healing music!
Kanade: Healing music...?
Mizuki: Yeah, the interview on the official site mentioned how they want to immerse the viewer into the movie by shaping what the view feels based on what they're seeing and hearing or whatever.
Kanade: Interesting... I'd like to try listening to this song.
Mizuki: Mafuyu, does their healing music pique your interest at all? It's supposed to be pretty helpful for people who have trouble sleeping.
Mafuyu: I'd like to give it a listen regardless of whether or not it helps me sleep...
Mizuki: Okay! I'll post it along with the link to the trailer on Nightcord♪
(Black cut)
Kanade: The trailer was very well made. You were right, Mizuki. The music fit the imagery perfectly.
Mafuyu: I agree... It left a clear impression without interfering with the narration.
Ena: How'd you like the healing music? Do you think it'll help you sleep better?
Mafuyu: I'm not sure...
Mizuki: Okay, that's too bad.
Kanade: Oh, I thought this composition style sounded familiar. I know this producer. They're pretty famous...
Mizuki: Yeah, they've worked with this movie's director on a lot of other stuff.
Mizuki: Also, that's so cool! You recognized who the producer was just based on their style.
Mizuki: I wish I had the power to say, “Hey, I know who made this!” after hearing or seeing something!
Ena: Okay, we get it.
(Black cut)
Mizuki: I was also really surprised when I found out that this person's new song is a cover of an old one!
Ena: Oh, it is? I couldn't tell. It sounded so modern.
Kanade: The melody for the original song is also very nice. I actually really like it.
Mafuyu: What is it called...?
Kanade: Oh, it's called...
Ena: Hey, Mizuki... Wanna go refill our drinks?
Mizuki: Yeah, sure!
Ena: Is it me or are you trying really hard today, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Huh?
Ena: You're doing all this for Mafuyu, right? You sound way more excited than usual and brought up something that she can directly relate to.
Mizuki: Haha. Was it that obvious...? I guess I went a little overboard.
Ena: No, you're only being slightly more obnoxious than usual.
Mizuki: What?! You're so mean!
Ena: Hehe. In any case, I think your plan's working.
Mizuki: I sure hope so...
Mizuki: I mean, I feel that we need to make the most of this sort of time since we're getting less and less time to work together...
Mizuki: Wait, huh? Are you two also getting refills?
Kanade: Yes, I just finished my drink.
Mizuki: Oh, okay! In that case...! You gotta try this hyper-fizzy soda♪
Mafuyu: Okay, sure... I'm not against anything carbonated.
Mizuki: Oh, really?! Then, I also recommend mixing it with some orange juice.
Kanade: I think I'll try it as is.
Ena: They also have some vegetable juice, Kanade. It's actually not bad, so I recommend it.
Kanade: Really? In that case, I think I'll try some.
Mizuki: (It really is nice when we get to just spend time together like this...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 1-A]

Mizuki: Oh, the next problem is... Yikes, reading comprehension... I'm gonna need my Japanese-English dictionary...
Mizuki: *Sigh* They've been making me take so many supplementary classes lately too...
Mizuki: (Fortunately, neither the teacher nor anyone else from class is here. That means I can take my time and look at my textbook while I try to solve these...)
Mizuki: Still, what's with all these worksheets? Are they really gonna hold me back if I don't finish all of them?
Mizuki: No, wait! What if that's just their way of getting me to hit the books...?!
Mizuki: But I should probably just do my best to get through them. Having to repeat a year would be a total drag.
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Alright, that's it for English!
Mizuki: That just leaves... Ugh, math... I hope these problems only need me to plug and chug some formulas.
???: Huh? Mizuki?
Mizuki: Hm? Hey, Ena! Wait, what are you doing here? Night school doesn't start for a while...
Ena: I was gonna check out this one store before coming here, but they were closed...
Mizuki: You didn't bother to check beforehand? Hehehe...
Ena: Laugh all you want. I can always go tomorrow.
Ena: Anyway, why are you here? Supplementary classes? Are you sure they're not gonna make you repeat a year?
Mizuki: Nah, I'm actually pretty good at this stuff. In theory, it shouldn't take me too long.
Mizuki: If anything, my biggest enemy right now is my motivation level. I'm trying to solve these problems, but they're so boring.
Ena: Seriously...? Shouldn't you be trying a little harder since there's a real possibility of you having to repeat?
Mizuki: I am trying...
Mizuki: Oh, I know...! You're free until classes start, right? You should stay here and study with me!
Ena: What? Oh, actually, we do have math today, and I'm probably gonna get called on...
Mizuki: That's all the more reason to stay and study! Here, sit next to me.
Ena: Fine, it's not like I have anything else to do.
Ena: Wait, Mizuki, you're working on math too...?
Mizuki: Yup. Once I wrap up these problems, I'm free from my supplementary classes.
Ena: Really...? Oh, this formula looks kinda familiar. What was it for again?
Mizuki: Oh? What happened to you being a year ahead of me?
Ena: Don't blame me. All this old stuff keeps getting replaced with new information.
Ena: Anyway, I need to check over what we're covering in class today.
Mizuki: (Grr. She totally brushed me off.)
Mizuki: (Still...)
Ena: Hm? What is it...?
Mizuki: Nothing. It feels like we're at school is all.
Ena: What do you mean? We are at school.
Mizuki: Hehe. I know. Anyway, time to get through these problems!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: (Hm...? That's weird. I thought this formula would give me the answer...)
Mizuki: (And there's nothing else like it in the textbook...)
Mizuki: Hey, Ena...? Is this the right way to solve this problem?
Ena: Lemme see.
Ena: Sorry, I have no idea...
Mizuki: Okay. Hmm... What should I do? This is the only one I can't figure out...
Ena: Why not just ask the teacher?
Mizuki: No way. Not after saying that it'd be a piece of cake. That'd be like me admitting defeat.
Ena: You're kidding, right...? I mean, you can't go home until you solve that.
Mizuki: I know... So, I'll just take a picture of this and...
Mizuki: <Mafuyu, am I solving this problem the right way?> And send!
Ena: You won't ask your teacher, but you're willing to ask Mafuyu?
Mizuki: Yeah, 'cause Mafuyu's Mafuyu.
Ena: Uh, okay...? Well, we'll see if she responds before the day ends.
Mizuki: Oh, right. Mafuyu's always super busy... I guess that means I should try a little harder to figure this out on my own.
Mizuki: So...
Mizuki: Whoa, hey! Mafuyu replied!
Ena: What?! No way! You literally just sent her that text! She figured it out already?!
Mizuki: Looks like it! Check it out! She wrote how to solve it in her notebook and took a picture!
Mizuki: Oh, here's her message. <You're using the right formula, but putting in the wrong numbers>...?
Mizuki: No, she's right! That explains why it was spitting out such a weird answer...
Ena: And it only took her a second to figure out. She really is smart...
Mizuki: Wow, she just totally saved me!
Mizuki: <Thanks for helping me solve that! That was actually the last worksheet they were making me do for my supplementary classes! You're a lifesaver, Mafuyu!>
Mizuki: It just goes to show that it's always nice to have a senior you can rely on.
Ena: Oh? Sorry I'm so unreliable.
Mizuki: No, don't say that! Studying with you was so much fun, Ena♪
Ena: Eww. Now you're just being creepy...
Mizuki: What?! You meanie!
Mizuki & Ena: Haha! Hehe.
(Black cut)
