691_Mizuki Akiyama_R4 Perfect Presentation! (event_102)

Gacha phrase: Not too shabby, if I do say so!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mizuki Akiyama)

[carino/carina]

Staff Member: Thank you all for waiting, MORE MORE JUMP! We ask that you start getting ready for the rehearsal.
Minori: Thank you...! We will!
Airi, Shizuku & Haruka: Thank you.
Assistant Director: Okay, let's review what you'll be doing. First, you'll be introducing this segment's title. Then...
Saki: I-I'm feeling really nervous all of a sudden.
Mizuki: Yeah, you and the manager both. Look over there.
Mizuki: Oh...
Airi: Excuse me, do you have a moment...?
Saki: I think they want to talk to the manager...
Mizuki: They probably noticed how nervous he was.
Saki: I had a feeling! *Sigh* That's so thoughtful of them...
Mizuki: I know, right?!
Mizuki: (We just met for the first time a second ago, but I'm having no trouble talking to Saki...)
Mizuki: (She's so cheerful. I can't help but smile while chatting with her!)
Mizuki: (You can totally tell that she's Tsukasa's little sister.)
Mizuki: Oh, by the way, what's Tsukasa like at home?
Saki: Hm? Tsukasa? Probably the same as he is at school.
Saki: Whenever he starts talking about shows and stuff, you can't get him to stop! And when he starts practicing, you can hear him all the way down in the living room!
Mizuki: Wait, down in the living room?! Haha! I guess that makes sense considering how big his voice is!
Saki: Yeah! But hearing him practicing motivates me to do my best during band practice!
Saki: So... Oh, right...
Saki: He's just himself when he's at home.
Mizuki: Yeah, I can tell!
Saki: Oh, actually, Mizuki! Mind if I ask you something too?
Mizuki: Sure! What's up?
Saki: How did you meet Tsukasa? Just at school?
Mizuki: Hmm... I think we actually spoke for the first time during Kamiyama High's School Festival.
Mizuki: He originally started out as an acquaintance of an acquaintance. I went to the same junior high as Rui Kamishiro.
Mizuki: And then I heard from Rui that he met someone interesting.
Saki: Really...?! Then, Rui introduced you two during the School Festival?
Mizuki: Yeah, he basically did...
Mizuki: I saw him perform with a couple of other people the same year as me, like a friend's younger brother and his partner.
Mizuki: Oh, and Li'l Bro's partner is a huge fan of Tsukasa's! He knows all these hilarious stories about him!
Saki: Really...?! I didn't know he had fans at school!
Mizuki: He does! He couldn't stop applauding Tsukasa for putting on such a magnificent performance as Romeo.
Mizuki: And I was cracking up the entire time.
Saki: You're talking about when he played Swordmaster Romeo, right? I watched him practice at home and I couldn't stop laughing either!
Mizuki: Haha! I knew it!
Mizuki: Still, that's great to hear. It must be so much fun having a big brother like him.
Saki: It is! He's been such a huge source of encouragement and is always willing to lend me a hand.
Mizuki: Wow...! Sounds like he really cares about you.
Saki: While we're on the subject... Do you have any siblings, Mizuki?
Mizuki: I have a big sister! She's living overseas right now to pursue her dream♪
Saki: Overseas?! That's so cool!
Mizuki: Hehe. I feel the same way.
Mizuki: Oh, we've got customers!
Saki: Oh, these will be your first ones♪ Wanna show them to their table?
Mizuki: Okay! I'll try doing exactly what you taught me!
Mizuki: Welcome to carino/carina! Table for two?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 1-C]

Mizuki: Hey, Li'l Bro! Oh, Toya, you're here too♪
Akito: Pretty rare of you. I didn't know you were at school today.
Mizuki: I need to keep my attendance up. I was apparently right on the line, so I had to be a good student and...
Akito: What part of you is a good student...?
Toya: We were just about to have lunch. Did you already buy something, Akiyama?
Mizuki: Yeah, I got some sandwiches at the convenience store on my way over!
Mizuki: Hey, mind if I join you guys?
Akito: Stay if you like. I mean, that's why you're here, right?
Mizuki: Hehe. Yup. Anyway, let's eat♪
Toya & Akito: Let's eat.
Akito: Hey, I heard something about you working at a cafe...
Mizuki: Yeah, just for a day! Did Ena tell you?
Akito: Yeah, it sounded pretty rough. You had to deal with a TV shoot and big group at the same time, right?
Mizuki: We did! The cafe's longtime veteran couldn't make it that day, so Airi asked me to fill in.
Toya: Didn't that require quite a bit of courage? You'd never worked in food service before, right?
Mizuki: Yeah, it did. But I needed the money because there was this asset that I really wanted to get.
Mizuki: Also, I don't like tooting my own horn, but I am pretty good at decorating stuff.
Mizuki: Actually, wanna see the Mount Everest strawberry parfait I worked on?
Toya: Mount Everest?
Mizuki: Check it out! What do you think? The fruits and dollops of whipped cream look perfect, don't they?
Toya: Yes, you did a good job of creating a nice balance.
Akito: Yeah, it looks pretty, but this thing looks enormous.
Mizuki: Haha! They actually used this one during the shoot... I think for the close-up!
Toya: That's remarkable. Does that mean you were also interviewed, Akiyama?
Mizuki: Me? No, they didn't interview me.
Mizuki: You should've seen the film crew. They were all like, “They've got some real cuties working here! Get your cameras on them!”
Akito: No, they didn't. They were there for the cafe, not its workers.
Mizuki: Haha! You got me...
Mizuki: I mean, I feel like it'd be a huge pain if I got famous for some weird reason. I'd much rather have MMJ hog the spotlight!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Oh, there's the bell.
Toya: Yes, we should start heading back to our classrooms.
Mizuki: Yeah. Anyway, I'm glad we could chat! Thanks for letting me have lunch with you guys!
Akito: Sure thing.
Mizuki: Now, before I head back to my own classroom...
Mizuki: Li'l Bro, can I borrow your math textbook♪
Akito: What...? This was your plan all along? Not lunch?
Akito: Can't you just ask whoever's sitting next to you?
Mizuki: That'd make it harder for them to absorb what's going on in class. Isn't that unfair to them?
Mizuki: So, Li'l Bro, please!
Mizuki: My class is apparently a little ahead, so I'll jot down the answers and notes to all the problems for you in return.
Akito: Alright, it's yours.
Mizuki: Woohoo!
Toya: I heard that, Akito. You need to do those problems yourself. Otherwise you won't—
Akito: I'm not gonna cheat or anything. I'm just being a nice person by doing a nice thing for a friend. That's all.
Mizuki: Exactly♪ Thanks for letting me borrow this!
(Black cut)
