705_Mizuki Akiyama_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: I'm gonna have some sweet dreams tonight!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Mizuki's Room]

Mizuki: *Yawn*
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Enanan, I'm gonna log off now.>
Ena: <I think I will too. K and Yuki already left.>
(Background change)
Ena: <Oh... Hey, Amia.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Hm?>
(Background change)
Ena: <Your birthday is in two weeks, right? You should think about what you want to do.>
Mizuki: <Uh...>
Ena: <If you can't think of anything, let me know. Okay, goodnight...>
Mizuki: <S-Sure. Good night.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: What I want to do for my birthday...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One week later]

[Main Street]

Mizuki: (We had so many customers at work today.)
Mizuki: (I'm glad they all liked the style advice I gave them. That new line of pajamas is coming in soon too, so our customers will be able to look cute day and night.)
Mizuki: Hm? Did I just get a message?
Mafuyu's Message (Mafuyu): <Mizuki, have you been thinking about what to do for your birthday?>
Mizuki: Yikes, I totally forgot! Hold on, why does Mafuyu know about—
Mafuyu's Message (Mafuyu): <Ena told me to ask you that.>
Mizuki: Ahaha... I see...
Mizuki: Um... <Sorry, I'm still thinking! Give me a little more time!>
Mizuki: Phew... That reminds me, Ena said to tell her if I couldn't think of anything.
Mizuki: (But... I'm pretty content just making music with the others.)
High School Student A: C'mon, let's get a move on! We might miss the shoot!
High School Student B: I know, I know! But, is MMJ seriously there?
Mizuki: A shoot? MMJ?
Mizuki: I'm gonna put my birthday on the back burner till I get home and be a lil' nosy first♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Nonogi Park]

Mizuki: Oh, over there. There's a crowd gathered!
Staff: I'm afraid we'll be using this spot to shoot Hide & Street as part of Quiz Super 7.
Mizuki: (I know that quiz! Celebrities hide on the street and people have to find them. It's super fun!)
Mizuki: (And if I remember right, Hide & Street is...)
Staff: Those wishing to watch the shoot should please stand over here. If you are just passing through, please follow the instructions of my colleagues.
Mizuki: (So it is okay to watch!)
Mizuki: (Now that I remember, they sometimes let passersby gather and watch so the celebrities can hide in their midst.)
Assistant Director: Thank you for joining us today, Momoi and Hinomori. We'll start filming in a short while, so please wait here for now.
Airi & Shizuku: Understood.
Onlookers: *Gasp* It's the one and only Shizuku!
Onlookers: Airi!!!
Mizuki: Eep! They look so cute! This is the best!
Mizuki: (Hehehe, it's fun to act the stan.)
Mizuki: (I wonder where Haruka and Minori are... Maybe they're being filmed at a different spot?)
Mizuki: (Either way...)
Mizuki: (Knowing idols personally kinda makes me feel like an anime protagonist.)
Mizuki: (Well, I just happened to meet them through Ena.)
Mizuki: (Hm... Another message. Don't tell me it's Kanade nagging me this time...)
Airi's Message (Airi): <I thought I heard your voice, and I was right!>
Mizuki: ...?!
Mizuki: (Whoa! They're looking right this way!)
Airi's Message (Airi): <By the way, isn't it your birthday soon? Shizuku and I have a special something for you♪>
Mizuki: (Special something...?)
Mizuki: ...!
Onlookers: Eep!!! *Gasp*
Onlookers: Sh-Sh-Shizuku blew a kiss...!
Onlookers: My heart just stopped! Why did they do that all of a sudden?
Onlookers: It doesn't matter! That was amazing fan service! Thank you, Airi!
Mizuki: (That was...unreal.)
(Black cut)
Mizuki: *Sigh* The shoot was so fun!
Mizuki: (I think they said it'll air next month.)
Mizuki: (I can't believe I even got some special fan service!)
???: Mizuki, is that you?
Mizuki: Oh...!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: So you were practicing and spotted the shoot?
An: Yeah, I was so surprised.
An: I saw Haruka and Minori in the distance, but when I went to say hi, they were surrounded by people and there were cameras on them.
Kohane: We'd missed most of it by that point, but wasn't that Quiz Super 7 they were shooting?
Mizuki: Yeah, it was! I saw Airi and Shizuku where I was.
Mizuki: They spotted me and gave me some fan service♪
An: What? No fair! The others didn't notice me at all.
Toya: They were midway through a shoot, so it's understandable really.
Akito: And they even replied to the message you sent them.
An: I guess, but still...
Akito: Oh... Speaking of replies...
Akito: Apparently you haven't replied to Ena about something.
Mizuki: Um... Is she pretty mad at me?
Akito: No, but she's upset.
Mizuki: I-I see...
Toya: Did something happen?
Mizuki: Um, the thing is...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[Nonogi Park]

Toya: So this is about what you want to do on your birthday?
Mizuki: Yeah, she told me to think about what I want to do...
Mizuki: But I couldn't think of anything... And I totally forgot about it...
An: Well then, is it any surprise that Ena's upset?
Mizuki: B-But Ena was the one that was just all, “You should think about it,” and never said anything else!
Mizuki: Like, An! If you were in my shoes, what would you do for your birthday?
An: Huh, me? Hmm...
An: If I could do anything, then... Maybe a pajama party at mine or Kohane's place!
Kohane: Whoa, that sounds so fun!
An: Riiight? It'd be the best! We could graze on snacks and chill out until the wee hours of the morning.
Mizuki: A pajama party...
Mizuki: That reminds me, Mafuyu stayed over at Ena's place that one time...
Akito: That was just because Ena wanted Asahina to be her model for an art assignment.
Mizuki: Now now, we're all welcome to our own interpretations♪
Mizuki: Thanks a bunch, An! You've given me the best idea!
Mizuki: And fear not, Li'l Bro! I'll reply to Ena really soon!
An: Huh? Mizuki, wait!
Toya: Gone just like that...
Kohane: Yeah.
An: Well, as long as it turns out to be a fun birthday, I guess that's all that matters.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[That night]

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: And that's how I decided to hold the Happy Birthday Mizuki Pajama Party!
Miku (N25): Pajama party...?
Luka: That's a type of slumber party, yes?
Luka: Friends gather at one person's house and wear pajamas while chatting and enjoying snacks.
Rin: Why do they wear pajamas?
Ena: I guess that way you feel more comfortable and have more relaxed conversation.
Luka: Hehe. So, does the fact you came to tell us about this pajama party mean that we're invited too?
Len: *Gasp* R-Really?
Mizuki: Luka, you're spot on♪
Mizuki: So, I was thinking we could have the party here in SEKAI so that no one misses out. Would that be okay?
Miku (N25): If that's okay with you and the others, then we don't mind either.
Miku (N25): And... I'd also like to experience a pajama party...
Len: M-Me too...
Rin: But, we don't have any pajamas...
Mizuki: I'm one step ahead of you! Ta-da! Take a look at this!
Rin: Is this...a book of clothes?
Mafuyu: It's called a “catalog”. It's a book that tells you what sorts of clothes you can buy.
Mizuki: I work part-time in a clothing store, and they're about to start selling a bunch of cute pajama sets♪
Mizuki: If you pick out some pajamas you like from here, I'll get exactly what you want!
Len: B-But... It's your birthday, Mizuki. Is this okay...?
Mizuki: It's absolutely okay!
Mizuki: I'm super excited for this party, and I'm gonna take loads of cute pictures of you all wearing my store's products!
Miku (N25): Hehe... You're already having fun, and it's not even your birthday yet.
Mizuki: Hahaha! Events like this are fun even to plan!
Mizuki: C'mon, let's all look at the catalog! Tell me anything that catches your eye!
Luka: Yes, don't mind if I do.
Ena: Seriously? Dodging the question for a week and now suddenly all full of enthusiasm...
Kanade: It's good to see Mizuki did actually want to celebrate, isn't it Ena?
Mafuyu: Are you sure the reason you didn't get a reply wasn't because you were half-asleep when you brought it up?
Ena: N-No way... I don't think...
Kanade: I'm glad Mizuki thought of a way to celebrate.
Mizuki: Hey, guys! Lemme get your input! Miku's stuck on what color pajamas to pick.
Ena: Got it, got it. Which set?
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000227/bg_s000227.png)
Saki: Mizuki, happy birthday! Hehehe, I got you a special coupon for my cafe♪ Please drop by—as a customer, this time!
Emu: Mizuki, happy birthday♪
Emu: Ena told us all about the pajama party! Like how you guys ate a bunch of snacks and talked loads☆ I hope it was super duper fun!
Honami: Hehe, it must have been since Ena told us with so much excitement.
Honami: Happy birthday, Mizuki!
Shizuku: Mizuki, happy birthday! I'm glad I got to say it on the day as well.
Airi: Me too! We did give you that “special something” the other day, but let us take this chance to celebrate properly.
Airi: Sometime this evening, you'll be getting a goodie bag of your favorite food!
Shizuku: Serve with a bowl of steaming hot rice and enjoy!
An: Happy birthday, Mizuki!
Kohane, Toya & Akito: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Toya: At first you said you couldn't think of how to celebrate, but I heard that you held a pajama party in the end. Was it as fun as you hoped for?
An: It was a party with Ena and the others, so there's no way it could not be!
Akito: Where does that confidence come from...? I mean, Ena seemed satisfied, so I guess it went well?
Toya: I see. That's good to know.
Kohane: Hehe. I'll have to ask about the party when we next meet.
An: Yes, that's right! Mizuki, let's talk sometime soon, at school or anywhere! See you!
Rui: Happy birthday, Mizuki. I was confused to receive a photo of a mysterious mountain of pajamas, but...
Rui: You must have been excited about your birthday.
Tsukasa: It's good to be excited about one's birthday!
Tsukasa: Akiyama! Do you feel sufficiently celebrated?! If you need more birthday wishes, I will happily oblige anytime!
Kanade: Happy birthday, Mizuki. I was surprised when you said you wanted to do a pajama party...
Mafuyu: And I didn't expect you to even have us wear the pajamas you got.
Ena: Well, that was no trouble really. It was for Mizuki's birthday after all.
Ena: Though, we did have to strike a bunch of poses for all those photos...
Kanade: That was kinda embarrassing... But, I think Mizuki enjoyed it.
Ena: You're right. When we were eating our snacks, Mizuki was looking at the photos fondly.
Ena: Weren't you, Mizuki? Also, send me those photos, please.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mizuki: Man, people were wishing me a happy birthday all day, from the second the clock struck midnight.
Mizuki: And my party was amazing! I got so many pictures of Kanade and the others looking adorable in their pajamas♪
Mizuki: I have plenty of photos to look at and smile for a while.
Mizuki: It really was fun...
Mizuki: Hehehe. I'm gonna have some pleasant dreams tonight!
(White cut)
