721_Mizuki Akiyama_R4 A Detour With You (event_107)

Gacha phrase: The apple pies are gonna get cold!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Mizuki's Room]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: Nice to meet you! I'm An Shiraishi. You can call me An.
(White cut)
An: Oh, did I startle you? Sorry about that!
An: I just wanted to get to know you since we're classmates and all!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: (An's been such a good friend to me this past year... I want to pay her back somehow.)
Mizuki: (The only thing is...)
Mizuki: I started trying to make an easy-to-read notebook to help An study...
Mizuki: But it's taking more brain power than I expected to perfect the layout.
Mizuki: It's already tiring enough to write by hand!
Mizuki: *Sigh* Maybe I should just type it up? I'd be done a lot quicker that way.
Mizuki: But writing by hand is helping organize my thoughts, and it's going to make it easier to teach An tomorrow...
Mizuki: *Sigh* Oh well. I already got this far, so I guess I'll stick to making it by hand.
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Oh, this part here has a lot of similar words bunched up together. It's already complicated, so it'll be bamboozling for someone who understands none of it.
Mizuki: I'll use colored pens and markers to break it up and... Whoa, that made it so much easier to read!
Mizuki: It's turning out so cute! I gotta keep this up!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: There's just no way to explain this part in simple terms. If I simplify it any more, I'll be changing the meaning...
Mizuki: Hmm...
Mizuki: *Sigh* I might have to give up on this one. For now, I guess I'll make some tea and work on an illustration...
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Urgh, the text looks skewed to one side like this!
Mizuki: I could swap the sections around... It wouldn't match the order of the textbook anymore, but it'd look better visually.
Mizuki: Alright! On this occasion I'm prioritizing aesthetics!
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Mizuki: *Yawn* I'm getting sleepy...
Mizuki: Wait, it's only 3:30 a.m.?! I never get sleepy this early.
Mizuki: Though, I guess it makes sense. I actually went to school and even studied after classes.
Mizuki: The others are probably asleep now.
Mizuki: Actually, speaking of school, I should probably go to bed soon...
Mizuki: But the notebook's nearly done, so why don't I make some coffee and keep going for a while longer?
Mizuki: Oh, a message. Who could that be?
Kanade's Message (Kanade): <Is anyone up still?>
Ena's Message (Ena): <I'm working on something. I just got the urge.>
Mizuki: One from Enanan too. Looks like the rest of N25 are all up.
Mizuki: Well, I guess this is our usual peak time for deep concentration.
Mizuki: Looks like it's business as usual. Oh, I'd better reply.
Mizuki's Message (Mizuki): <I'm up, but I'll be asking for trouble if I don't sleep soon.>
Ena's Message (Ena): <Wait, you're still up, Amia? Don't you have school again tomorrow?>
Kanade's Message (Kanade): <I was wondering about that. Is it okay for you to be up when you still have school tomorrow?>
Kanade's Message (Kanade): <Aren't you going to sleep?>
Mizuki's Message (Mizuki): <I'm working on something to prepare for my supplementary class tomorrow. I can't sleep until it's finished. Woe is me.>
Ena's Message (Ena): <You have only yourself to blame for being put in those classes. I'm sure you'll be fine, but I won't let you live it down if you get held back.>
Kanade's Message (Kanade): <Well done for working so hard, Amia. Just don't fall asleep at school.>
Mizuki's Message (Mizuki): <I can't make any promises.>
Mizuki: Argh, what am I doing? I've gotta stop dawdling and get back to work!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mizuki: Ahh! It's done!
Mizuki: It's nearly morning! That took longer than I thought.
Mizuki: I'm barely gonna get any sleep in. Hmm... I could skip the morning?
Mizuki: But I guess that's not an option right now. I don't want to draw attention to myself while I'm already taking supplementary classes.
Mizuki: I'll just message the others before I go to bed. “Good night!” Okay, now let's hit the hay!
Mizuki: (I wonder how An's gonna react when I give her this notebook... I hope she likes it.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[After the after-party]

[Main Street]

Mizuki: *Sigh* That was so fun!
Rui: Yes, to think it's evening already... I didn't expect we'd lose track of time.
Akito: We were only supposed to join you for lunch, but we got carried away and stayed for a long time.
Toya: Yes, I had fun too. We need to say thank you to Ken for giving us the day off practice.
Tsukasa: It was all the more fun since we all avoided being held back a year! I'm glad everything turned out alright in the end!
An: Me too!
Rui: Well then, we'd better not loiter around the diner entrance and cause trouble for the staff. How about we part ways here?
Mizuki: Okay!
Mizuki: Here's to another year in school together, you guys!
An, Akito & Toya: Yup! Yeah. Yes.
Mizuki: Well, I'm headed this way! See you!
Rui: Yes, see you!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: *Sigh*
Mizuki: (I was really annoyed when I got told I had to take supplementary classes, but the study sessions ended up being really fun thanks to the others.)
Mizuki: (I hesitated when Rui invited me, but I'm glad I agreed to help out.)
Mizuki: (No one got held back in the end, and it feels like a weight off my shoulders...)
Mizuki: (I kinda feel like I've achieved something. Like I'm happy for the others.)
Mizuki: (Oh! I wonder if this is how a cram school teacher feels when their students pass a test?)
Mizuki: It really was fun...
???: Mizuki!
Mizuki: Hm?
Mizuki: Huh, An?! Why did you chase after me?
Mizuki: Oh, did I forget something at the diner?
An: Nope! It's not that!
An: Um, so... I have something for you, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Something for me?
An: This! I got it as thanks for the notebook you made for me.
Mizuki: Huh... But, I didn't expect anything in return...
An: It's fine! I don't know if you'll like it...
Mizuki: Thank you! I'm so surprised you got me something. What could it be...?
Mizuki: Is this...lipstick? Wait, this is Dear Ribbon's newest shade!
An: Yep. I thought it would look good on you.
An: I don't know much about this stuff, so I wasn't super confident about it...
Mizuki: No, you did great! You remembered me saying I liked this brand, didn't you?
Mizuki: And it's their newest product too! I love it! Anyway, just knowing you put so much thought into picking this out makes me super happy!
An: Really? I'm glad...
Mizuki: But, you could've given this to me at the after-party.
An: It's not exactly on-brand for me to give a gift like this, y'know? I was feeling kinda shy about it, so I kept putting it off.
An: And then I missed my chance.
Mizuki: Oh, right. So that's why you came running after me.
Mizuki: Thanks, An! I'll treasure this!
An: You're welcome!
An: Oh yeah. Since we're nearly there anyway, let me walk you to the station.
Mizuki: Okay! Let's go♪
(Black cut)
An: Oh! Look, it's that shop!
Mizuki: The apple pie place we went to the other day?
An: Wanna stop by? Remember, we promised we'd go again sometime!
Mizuki: What, already?! Besides, can you seriously eat after the feast we just had?
An: Is that a no?
Mizuki: Hmm...
Mizuki: Oh, why not! I'll get one too. There's always room for pie!
An: Woohoo! Let's go in!
Mizuki: While we're at it, let's go check out some other places! After all, it feels like a waste to cut our last day as first-years short.
An: I was thinking that too! Alright, let's have as much fun as we can today!
Mizuki & An: Yeah!
(Black cut)
