743_Mizuki Akiyama_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Scramble Crossing]

Mizuki: *Yawn*
Mizuki: (So...sleepy...)
Mizuki: (I wasn't sure I'd be able to wake up if I slept, which was why I basically ended up pulling an all-nighter...)
Mizuki: (What if I fall asleep while standing during the opening ceremony...?)
Mizuki: (How embarrassing would that be...? If they line us up by the roll call order, I'm pretty much guaranteed to be in the front.)
Mizuki: (Man, I really won't wanna be chewed out for anything like that. Maybe I shouldn't go...)
Mizuki: (Still...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: Being in different classes doesn't really change anything, you know? I mean, we'll still be friends.
An: So, Mizuki, I'm looking forward to us being second-years!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: (We don't have classes today, so I guess I should at least attend the opening ceremony...)
Mizuki: (Also, I should actually go see which class they put me in.)
???: Look, over there!
???: You're right! What do you wanna do? Should we try saying something?
Mizuki: ...?
Kamiyama High Students A & B: *Gasp*
Mizuki: (Yikes, we totally made eye contact just now...)
Mizuki: (They look like first-years...)
Kamiyama High Student A: L-Let's go!
Kamiyama High Student B: Yeah!
Mizuki: (Whoa, here they come...!)
Kamiyama High Student A: E-Excuse me...!
Kamiyama High Student A: You...
Mizuki: (Me...?)
Kamiyama High Student A: You look so cute...!
Mizuki: Huh...?
Kamiyama High Student B: H-Hold on...! Why'd you start with that?!
Kamiyama High Student B: Sorry! We initially thought you were someone from our old school, but then we noticed how cute your hair and ribbon were!
Mizuki: Oh, okay. Now I see...
Kamiyama High Student A: I'm sorry for scaring you like that. I chose to come to Kamiyama High because I thought these uniforms were really cute, but I'm having trouble getting my look down.
Kamiyama High Student B: It's hard to customize or turn it into a real outfit since the teachers might start keeping an eye on you.
Mizuki: Right, okay...
Mizuki: Which is where I come in. Despite having done nothing all that special to my uniform, in your eyes, I've managed to achieve a unique look?
Kamiyama High Student A: Yeah! I know we literally just met, but we'd love to hear any advice you have to give.
Mizuki: I see...
Mizuki: (They really just want advice about their uniforms because they thought I looked cute...)
Mizuki: Okay! Then, I'll give you some tips that first-years like yourselves should have no problem employing!
Kamiyama High Student A: Really?! Thank you so much!
Mizuki: Oh, the light turned green. We're headed towards the same destination, so let's walk while we talk.
Kamiyama High Students A & B: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama High School - Front Entrance]

Kamiyama High Student A: Whaaat?! You're our senior?! We're so sorry, Akiyama! We had no idea...!
Kamiyama High Student B: Oh my gosh! I'm really, really, really sorry!
Mizuki: Haha! That's totally fine. I don't really care about that kind of stuff.
Kamiyama High Student A: B-But...
Mizuki: Seriously, it's okay. After all, I'm a friend of those who likes cute things♪
Mizuki: More importantly, you two should take my advice and come up with some cute looks for yourselves.
Mizuki: Based on what I've heard so far, you both have an eye for fashion. So, I hope you get to make the most of your Kamiyama High uniforms.
Kamiyama High Student A: A-Akiyama...!
Kamiyama High Student B: Thank you very much! We promise to find that cute look we're after!
Mizuki: Good luck, you two.
Kamiyama High Student A: Thank you! I hope we get to talk again soon!
Mizuki: (It sounded like they were both really into fashion...)
Mizuki: (I like chatting with people like them. They're usually fun to be around.)
Mizuki: (But they'll probably start hearing those rumors about me soon...)
Mizuki: Well, whatever! Time to see who's in my new class♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Mizuki: Let's see... Oh, there! I think it's that shop, Ena.
Ena: Mhm... We finally made it.
Mizuki: Finally? You hardly even walked from the station. You basically just clung to my back the entire time.
Ena: But I'm so sleepy... *Yawn*
Mizuki: *Sigh* I know you felt really inspired to draw, but this is what you get for pulling an all-nighter.
Mizuki: And you haven't covered up the bags under your eyes very well. Instead of Enanan, people might start calling you Pandanan♪
Ena: What's with the name? Isn't that actually some kind of plant?
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Oh, good. They don't open for another thirty minutes, but there's hardly a line.
Ena: Yeah. We might be able to get in right when they open. I can't wait to try their apple pie. It's supposed to be “outta this world”.
Mizuki: And I think ice cream was the most popular topping.
Ena: Yeah, but I'm kinda looking forward to seeing how the actual apple pie tastes. I think I'll pass on any toppings.
Mizuki: Hey, that's pretty rare of you considering how much you care about how these things look.
Ena: That doesn't mean I'm not allowed to.
Ena: Also, if it is as good as advertised, I'll need to tell Honami about this place.
Mizuki: Yeah. She really loves apple pies, right?
Ena: But she does know about basically every store around Shibuya station.
Mizuki: On second thought, if she likes checking out what different shops have to offer, then I don't think we need to tell her about...
???: Hey, Ena and Mizuki are here!
Mizuki & Ena: Hm? Huh?
Ena: Emu! Honami!
Honami: Hello. Are you two also here to get apple pies?
Ena: Yeah. We were actually just talking about you, Honami. This place is supposed to be really good, so I was gonna tell you about it later.
Mizuki: Then, right on cue, you showed us that you already knew about this shop♪
Honami: Yes, I'd heard that a rival of this other apple pie shop started doing business here. I got curious and came to see what it was like.
Ena: Oh, okay. And I'm guessing Honami invited you to come along, Emu?
Emu: Yup☆ Apple pies mean a lot to us, and I've really been wanting to go out for some together again.
Mizuki: They mean a lot to you?
Honami: Before Emu and I became close friends, we actually bumped into each other at this other apple pie shop.
Honami: One thing led to another, and we ended up having some together. After that, we began talking more and more.
Emu: To us, apple pies are like Cupid's arrow if it were meant to make people friends♪
Mizuki: Really? I had no idea!
Ena: Then, does this mean friendship Cupid's getting ready to shoot another arrow?
Mizuki: Huh?
(Black cut)
Mizuki: *Sigh* That was so good!
Ena: As advertised, it was outta this world.
Honami: I just couldn't stop eating mine until it was gone.
Emu: Hehe. I saw the way you smiled after you took your first bite, Honami. Your eyes were all sparkly♪
Honami: Wait, you were watching?
Mizuki: Yeah, I don't think I've ever seen anyone look so happy while having an apple pie!
Honami: You two were also watching?! I-I'm so embarrassed...
Ena: But I think seeing you smile the way you did made us just as happy. It was infectious.
Emu: Yeah! And I'm so glad we got to talk so much!
Mizuki: Yeah, I'm really glad we got to talk too.
Honami: Thank you for inviting us to join you, Ena.
Ena: Hehe. You're very welcome.
Mizuki: By the way, what are you two doing after this? We're planning on doing a little shopping...
Honami: Oh, I'm sorry. We both have plans after this...
Mizuki: Aww, that's too bad! Then, next time!
Honami: Yes, and thank you both very much for today.
Honami: Emu, I'll see you again at school.
Emu: Yup! I know we're in different classes now, but I'm hoping we'll still see a lot of each other♪
Mizuki: Should we also do that?
Ena: It's not like we were ever in the same class...
Ena: I mean, we're still working together on stuff for N25, so we should try to keep doing what we have been instead of treating this like a new beginning, you know?
Mizuki: Yeah, I see your point...
Mizuki: Then, Ena, let's both keep up the good work.
Ena: Yeah, okay. Let's.
(Black cut)
