842_Mizuki Akiyama_R4 Encouraged By Kindness (event_117)

Gacha phrase: So, it's okay for me to like these things...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Shopping Mall]

Mizuki: Hmm...
Mizuki: (What should I get for N25's New Year's countdown party?)
Mizuki: (I already bought those limited edition New Year's potato chips... But that alone won't make it feel any different from our usual snacking parties.)
Mizuki: (I want it to have a little more of a New Year's feel. Also...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kanade: <Is something wrong, Yuki...?>
Mafuyu: <Nothing's wrong, but... I always spent New Year's with my parents and went around to greet my relatives...>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: (A lot seems to be going through Mafuyu's mind right now...)
Mizuki: (I want this party to be fun and give her a chance to cheer up a bit!)
???: Huh? Mizuki?
Mizuki: Huh...? An! Li'l Bro! You're all here!
Mizuki: Talk about a coincidence! Are you guys shopping together?! You're so close!
Akito: Not exactly shopping... We're here to grab some things for our hot pot.
Mizuki: Hot pot?
Toya: Yes, we're having our last practice of the year on New Year's Eve and decided to have a hot pot party afterwards.
Mizuki: Hey, that sounds pretty nice. Choosing what goes in should be fun!
An: I know, right? We were just talking about what to put in!
An: Also, Mizuki, are you here to shop too?
Mizuki: Yup! I was just getting some stuff for our New Year's party, but I'm having trouble coming up with good ideas for it...
Kohane: Good ideas?
Mizuki: Yeah. I got snacks to share, but I wanna do something to make our party feel more like New Year's, you know?
Mizuki: Wait, can I ask what you guys are gonna do for New Year's? That might give me the clue I need!
An: For New Year's...? I mean, we're not doing anything all that special ourselves.
Kohane: Yeah. I'm going to do a shrine visit with An, but we're back to practicing like usual right after...
Mizuki: What?! You guys are having practice over New Year's?! But you just said you're practicing on New Year's Eve!
Akito: Yeah, but you can lose your singing voice after a few days of not practicing.
Mizuki: Right... Man, you guys are something else.
Mizuki: (I knew they were busy based on how they usually are at school...)
Mizuki: (But it's clear that they're working really hard towards their goal.)
Mizuki: Good luck, you guys! I'll be rooting for you!
An: *Nod* Thanks!
An: Oh, speaking of New Year's...
An: Normally, we'd place some decorative bamboo outside the cafe and hang a shimenawa on the door! Those make it feel like New Year's, right?
Kohane: Yeah, seeing everyone put those kinds of decorations out really makes it feel like it's that time of year.
Mizuki: Decorations, huh...?
Mizuki: Yeah, that could work!
Mizuki: Especially since the decor shops should be carrying cute New Year's-themed stuff...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: And I have some friends who might really enjoy seeing fun things like that.
Akito: Oh... Now that you mention it, we know people who are just like that.
Toya: One time, we brought them a Hanetsuki set and everyone got quite into it.
Mizuki: Hanetsuki? Yeah, that sounds like fun!
An: It was when we played! We even made things interesting by letting the winners draw stuff on the losers' faces!
An: Remember how our faces were covered in ink afterwards, Kohane?
Kohane: Haha... Yeah, I remember.
Mizuki: Aww, I would've loved to see that. There's no way it wasn't funny!
An: No, that would've been way too embarrassing!
An: But maybe we should play again since we have a couple more joining us this year. I think it'll get really heated!
Mizuki: Haha. That sounds like the kind of people you know.
Mizuki: One or two might make themselves scarce if we start playing those sorts of games...
Mizuki: But I'll try suggesting it since we'll be spending time together♪
Mizuki: Thanks! I really appreciate the help.
An: I'm glad we could help! I hope your party turns out fun.
Mizuki: Me too!
Mizuki: Alright! I'll start looking for some nice New Year's decorations!
Mizuki: See you guys...
An: Oh, Mizuki, wait...!
Mizuki: Huh?
An: This might be the last time we see each other before the start of the new year, right? So, I figured I'd say this now.
An: Let's make next year another good one, Mizuki!
Toya: Right. Since we're classmates now, let's make the most of it.
Kohane: I hope we get to keep having fun, Akiyama!
Mizuki: Me too.
Mizuki: I'm looking forward to having another great year with you guys!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama)

[Shopping Mall]

Mizuki's Sister: It's great that Shiho was able to find a present for her sister she was happy with.
Mizuki: I'm really glad that we could help her since she put so much thought into it.
Mizuki: Anyway, wanna head over to the next shop...?
Mizuki's Sister: Oh, sorry. If you don't mind, I'd like to use the restroom first.
Mizuki: Okay! Then, I'll start organizing all our stuff on that bench over there.
Mizuki's Sister: Okay, thanks!
Mizuki: (Now then... Where do I begin?)
Mizuki: (Let's see... I can put all the accessories in one of the smaller bags, and for this big one...)
Mizuki: (Alright, that should do it!)
Mizuki: Huh...?
Mizuki: (Has this accessory shop always been here? It wasn't here the last time I came. Maybe it's new.)
Mizuki: (Sis probably won't be back for a little bit, so I might go take a quick peek♪)
Mizuki: Whoa, this ribbon's so cute! It's velvet, and in a modest color too, so I bet it'd look great on Sis.
Mizuki: Oh, they have them in different colors! This one's bright pink! That's totally up my alley!
Mizuki: (Come to think of it, Shiho and Shizuku's brooches are in different colors...)
Mizuki: (And Sis and I used to wear matching ribbons when I was little.)
Mizuki: (I know... I could make this my present for Sis, and I could get the same one in a different color!)
Mizuki: (There's no telling when we'll get to see each other next, so I should take this opportunity to show my support for her.)
Mizuki: (While I'm at it, I wanna make it a surprise... I'll go buy them now on the down-low♪)
Mizuki: Let's see, where's the checkout counter...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Mizuki's Room]

Mizuki: Alright, the ribbons are all set!
Mizuki: Not bad if I do say so myself. These pieces are stitched together well, including the lace bit I worked so hard on.
Mizuki's Sister: Mizuki, mind if I come in?
Mizuki: Oh... Yeah, come on in!
Mizuki's Sister: Thanks! I've been having trouble getting everything to fit into my suitcase. Can you lend me a hand?
Mizuki: Wait, your flight's tomorrow. You're still packing...? Are you sure you're gonna be okay...?
Mizuki: Hang on... This feels like déjà vu.
Mizuki's Sister: Oh... I asked you the same thing the last time I left.
Mizuki: And you're still terrible at packing your bags.
Mizuki's Sister: No no, I got all of my personal belongings to fit. It's all the gifts from our family that won't!
Mizuki: Wait, that sounds like bragging. To be fair, Mom and Dad did give you a bunch of stuff.
Mizuki: Oh, speaking of gifts... I have something for you, Sis!
Mizuki's Sister: Huh? For me?
Mizuki: Ta-daa! Here it is, just for you!
Mizuki's Sister: Oh wow...! This ribbon's such a beautiful color! And this lace bit's really nice...
Mizuki: Hehe... I actually put that part on myself! I did what I could to make sure it'd look good on you, Sis♪
Mizuki's Sister: Wait, you made this?! That's incredible! I never would've guessed!
Mizuki's Sister: This lace... I can't get enough of it! You know me too well, Mizuki!
Mizuki: Heehee. Don't I♪ By the way...
Mizuki: I've got the same one! I added some frills to mine to make it look more cutesy♪
Mizuki: Remember how Shiho got matching brooches for her and Shizuku at that New Year's sale?
Mizuki: Seeing her do that made me want to get something for you and me, Sis!
Mizuki's Sister: Really...?
Mizuki's Sister: Thank you so much, Mizuki! I'm so unbelievably happy! I promise to cherish this forever!
Mizuki: Hehe. I'm glad you like it so much!
Mizuki: Hehe. It's the opposite of last time.
Mizuki's Sister: What?
Mizuki: Remember that ribbon you gave me before?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: That ribbon made it seem like you were always by my side, even during the hardest times.
Mizuki's Sister: It did...?
Mizuki: Yeah.
Mizuki: Actually, Sis...
Mizuki: Remember those matching scrunchies you made for everyone in N25? You said it's your way of wishing that we'll be together forever.
Mizuki: I thought these ribbons could be the same thing, but for us.
Mizuki: So that we'll never be apart, no matter where we are!
Mizuki's Sister: Mizuki...
Mizuki's Sister: *Nod* Right...
Mizuki's Sister: This ribbon... It'll always remind me that I have your support. It'll help me overcome anything that comes my way!
Mizuki: Um, Sis?
Mizuki's Sister: Hm?
Mizuki: Let's both keep doing our best!
Mizuki's Sister: Yes, let's!
(Black cut)
