907_Mizuki Akiyama_R2 The Flavor You Deserve (event_127)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Cafe]

Mizuki: *Sigh* We can finally sit down. How are you two feeling?
Mafuyu: I'm okay.
Kanade: I'm... Actually, my feet are starting to ache. But they felt fine while we were walking through the exhibit...
Mizuki: Haha. I know what you mean. Even though we didn't move around much, those kinds of places still suck the energy out of you.
Kanade: Exactly... However, Mizuki, I'm glad we're getting to take a break at the place you recommended.
Mizuki: Oh, so... Yes, I did recommend this place, but that's not the whole story...
Mafuyu: What do you mean?
Mizuki: Ena was the one who originally found this place.
Mizuki: She's been wanting to come here because the atmosphere's so relaxing, and their cakes are supposed to look and taste amazing.
Mizuki: But we never found a day when we were both free. So, I don't think Ena's had a chance to come here yet...
Kanade: I see...
Mizuki: I was actually gonna invite her today...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: But I didn't want to bother her. I mean, she had such a serious look on her face.
Kanade: Yes, she did.
Mizuki: But still, I was sorta on edge the entire day since I don't really go to solo exhibits.
Mafuyu: On edge?
Mizuki: They're not like a regular art museum, you know? Hmm... How do I describe it...?
Mizuki: If these things were concerts... A museum would be a music festival, and a solo exhibit would be your very own show.
Kanade: Umm...
Mafuyu: A solo exhibit is like a solo concert, showcasing just your work, while a museum is more like a festival, featuring pieces from various artists.
Mizuki: Yeah, exactly! See? Mafuyu gets it!
Mizuki: The fans of some artists make up special, unwritten rules for their shows and performances. For example, they'll wave around red glowsticks for certain songs and stuff!
Kanade: Really...?
Mizuki: Yeah! That's why I kept wondering if it also applied to these kinds of art exhibits. Like, what if you're supposed to cross your arms and look pensive for specific paintings!
Mafuyu: I doubt that.
Mizuki: Haha. No mercy!
Mizuki: Still, going to new places and seeing different works was really nice. They make a good source of inspiration.
Mizuki: And I've got a good feeling about tonight. I feel like I'm gonna get a ton of work done♪
Kanade: Actually, I feel the same way.
Kanade: Seeing another artist's works makes me think about what they felt throughout their creative process, and what they wanted to express...
Kanade: That exhibit did end up becoming a good source of inspiration, so I'm looking forward to continuing working on our song tonight.
Mafuyu: Inspiration...
Mizuki: Oh, Mafuyu, did you feel something too?
Mafuyu: I don't know...
Mafuyu: But that painting felt like something from a different world.
Kanade: A different world...?
Mizuki: Yeah, those neighborhoods and alleyways didn't look like the ones you would usually see...
Kanade: Yes, that's true...
Mizuki: Hehe. I knew it'd be fun to discuss what we saw afterwards!
Kanade: Yes, it's interesting how our opinions differ so much.
Waiter: Thank you for your patience. This tea was for...?
Mizuki: Oh, it's here♪ You ordered this, right, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Yes.
Mizuki: I ordered the baked cheesecake and she ordered the shortcake!
Waiter: Thank you very much. I'll leave these right here.
Mizuki: Okay! Thank you!
Mizuki: They look so cute, and delicious♪ Now, without further ado... Let's eat!
Kanade & Mafuyu: Let's eat.
Mizuki: Mmm! This cheesecake is so good...!
Mizuki: It's so rich with cheese, but it doesn't feel heavy at all. And this jam adds the perfect amount of sourness. I could eat this all day...
Mizuki: I really want Ena to try this.
Mizuki: Oh, I know...! Do you think she'll like it if we got a slice for her?
Kanade: I'm sure she will. The menu said that we can get them to go.
Mizuki: Wait, really?! Alright, in that case...
Mizuki: Excuse me! We'd like to order a slice of cake to go.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School - School Gate]

Mizuki: *Yawn*
Mizuki: (I decided to come to school after Toya told me that we have a test for English this afternoon...)
Mizuki: (But I'm so sleepy... I was up so late last night working on stuff.)
Mizuki: (No, I've gotta take this test...)
Mizuki: (Plus, I can just go home once I'm done. Although, Toya's not going to like that...)
Mizuki: Hm? That looks like...
Mizuki: It's Li'l Bro. Is he having lunch by himself today?
Mizuki: Come to think of it, Toya usually has to do committee stuff during lunch.
Mizuki: Heh heh heh... In that case...
Mizuki: Hey, Li'l Bro!
Akito: Ugh... Akiyama.
Mizuki: What was that?! Aren't you happy to see me?
Akito: No, because you're always up to something. Anyway, what do you want?
Mizuki: I saw you having lunch all alone, so I thought we could eat together♪ I actually just bought some bread a second ago.
Mizuki: Also, there's something I need to ask you.
Akito: Ask me?
Mizuki: Remember that exhibit your dad put on the other day? Did you go and visit?
Akito: No, I didn't. I wasn't really that interested.
Akito: Wait, why do you know about that?
Mizuki: Hehe. Ena told us, and we ended up going as a group!
Akito: Oh, right. She said she'd be helping out with it. I was really surprised when I heard that...
Mizuki: Haha. Me too!
Mizuki: By the way, how's she been? Good?
Akito: I dunno if that's the right word...
Akito: But Mom said that she seemed pretty relaxed after she came home with Dad. So I guess that means she's fine?
Mizuki: Really? In that case, I'm glad!
Mizuki: Still, it's pretty cool how your dad's a professional artist. I honestly couldn't believe it when I heard that for the first time.
Akito: Really? Yeah, I guess it's not a common profession...
Mizuki: It's the furthest thing from common!
Mizuki: So, he didn't ever teach you how to draw and stuff?
Akito: Not really... But I do remember me and Ena trying to copy his paintings when we were little. Basically just coloring during playtime...
Mizuki: Oh, you and Ena...?
Mizuki: (So she's been drawing since she was really little.)
Mizuki: (I don't know much about her past, but I'm guessing she's wanted to be an artist for as long as she can remember.)
Akito: Hey, why'd you stop mid-sentence...?
Mizuki: I didn't. I was just surprised is all. I never knew that you and Ena used to draw together!
Akito: Enough about that. I ended up finding something else I wanted to do...
Akito: And that was singing.
Mizuki: Right...
Mizuki: (Still, Ena and Li'l Bro have a lot in common...)
Mizuki: (They both take what they do super seriously, and aren't afraid to take a hard look in the mirror...)
Mizuki: (Even if they would deny it if someone pointed out their similarities.)
Mizuki: I think it's really cool how you guys are so passionate about what you do!
Mizuki: You really love singing. And I'm guessing Ena...has loved art for as long as she can remember.
Akito: Yeah, I mean... Based on her personality, I doubt she'd still be drawing if she didn't really love doing it.
Mizuki: Haha. Good point!
Mizuki: (Ena really is amazing...)
Mizuki: (No matter how hard things get or how much pain she has to endure, she just keeps going...)
Mizuki: (Nothing's ever stopped her...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: ...
Mizuki: (There isn't much I can do for her when it comes to her art and stuff.)
Mizuki: (But even so...)
Mizuki: (I want to be there for her when things get tough. I want to keep giving her all the support I can!)
(Black cut)
