985_Mizuki Akiyama_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: Time to party my heart out!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[Mizuki's birthday]

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: (Hehehe, I wonder if I'll surprise everyone.)
Mizuki: (They told me not to come since they're still preparing for the party...)
Mizuki: (But a quick visit wouldn't hurt. Besides, I can't wait to show them this!)
Mizuki: Heya! How's everything going?
Kanade: Huh...?
Miku (N25): Mizuki?
Ena: Whoa, hold up. Why are you here?
Ena: You know the party's tonight, right? Also, I'm pretty sure I told you not to come, because we're not done preparing.
Mizuki: I know, and you did. I'll head off soon!
Mizuki: But I have something I wanted to show you before the party!
Mafuyu: Is it the thing you're holding?
Mizuki: Oh? Sharp eyes, Mafuyu! I actually received a birthday present from overseas!
Kanade: Overseas? Oh... Is it from your sister?
Mizuki: Ding ding ding♪ Correct♪
Mizuki: I was over the moon when this gift from Sis came! I was itching to show it to everyone!
Len (N25): W-What is it?
Miku (N25): It doesn't seem to look that big either.
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. You wanna know? You really, really wanna know?
Luka (N25): I recall your sister being a fashion designer. In that case, is your gift fashion-related?
Mizuki: Oh! Nice, Luka! You figured it out in one shot!
Mizuki: So... Ta-da! Check it out! Isn't this so cute?
Mafuyu: A dress?
Ena: Wow, that is very cute. Oh, I really like this bit with the lace. It's so intricate!　
Kanade: It is. I think this would really suit you, Mizuki.
Mizuki: I know, right?! And these frills are just so pretty!
Mizuki: It's EXACTLY my style and has everything I love! Sis' skills sure are above the rest.
Ena: Wait, she made this by hand?! I thought she bought this from some high-class brand.
Mizuki: Hehe. She's pretty amazing, right?
Mafuyu: Something fell...
Mizuki: Huh?
Mafuyu: Looks like a card.
Mizuki: Really? I wonder where that came from.
Luka (N25): I think it dropped when you showed us the dress.
Mizuki: I guess the card was in the dress the whole time. I totally missed that.
Ena: Oh, it's probably a birthday card from your sister.
Mizuki: Yeah, seems so. It even says “To Mizuki!”
Mizuki: Let's see...
Luka (N25): What does it say?
Mizuki: She hopes that I have a great birthday! That's so sweet. She thinks about me despite being miles away.
Kanade: You have such a wonderful sister.
Mizuki: Hehehe, I know, right?
Mizuki: Alright then, now that I'm done showing off, I'll head off now. I wouldn't want to get in the way of your prep work.
Ena: Oh, wait.
Mizuki: Hm?
Ena: I was saving this until the party, but... It's not like I can't say it when you're already here.
Ena: Happy birthday, Mizuki.
Everyone: Happy birthday.
Mizuki: Hahaha! Thanks, everyone!
Ena: The real celebration starts tonight, alright? Don't be late.
Mizuki: You got it! I have some other plans before, but I'll make sure to be there on time!
Kanade: Plans?
Mizuki: Yeah! I'm meeting with An! Apparently, she planned something to celebrate my birthday, so I'll be going now.
Kanade: I see. Have fun.
Mizuki: Thanks! I'm excited to find out what she's got planned♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Shopping Mall]

Mizuki: Okay... I think we're supposed to meet here...
An: Mizuki! Over here!
Mizuki: Oh, An! Thanks for waiting... Huh?
Rui: Hello. Happy birthday.
Mizuki: Rui! You're here too!
An: Since we're here to celebrate your birthday, I also invited Kamishiro!
Mizuki: Ahh, I see.
An: I actually invited Tenma, Toya and the others too. Unfortunately, they couldn't make it.
Rui: It won't be as lively as it could've been, but there's no need to worry.
Rui: As a director, I'll be sure to make this birthday a fun one for you.
Rui: Now, as for the plan. How about we do whatever you'd like to do, Mizuki? Does that sound alright?
Mizuki: Wait, hold on. That sounds like we're just hanging out.
Rui: I suppose it does when you put it that way. But it's not a bad idea, no?
Mizuki: Oh, I dunno. I'm pretty hard to please.
An: Hahaha. Looks like the star of the day has high standards. Well, you can count on me to keep the fun going.
Mizuki: Hmmm. Alright, if you say so. I expect to be blown away.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Accessory Shop]

An: Hey, check out this ribbon! Isn't it similar to the frills on the dress your sister made?
Mizuki: Whoa! It totally is! This would go so well with that dress!
Mizuki: Oh, look at this really cute barrette! Don't you think this fluffy lace would go perfectly with the dress?
An: Wow, I didn't even see these! Yeah, it's super cute. It'd totally match!
Mizuki: Hehehe. It's a gift precious to me, so of course I want to do it justice!
Mizuki: Ah! Sorry, Rui! We totally got ahead of ourselves!
An: S-Sorry!
Rui: No, it's alright. I was enjoying myself in my own way.
Mizuki: Huh? Were you always interested in accessories or something?
Rui: No, I simply was wondering how could I use them in a show.
Rui: Namely, what sort of effects I could achieve by building devices into them.
Mizuki: Oh, that's what you meant...
Rui: Hmm. With this pendant, I could use that circuit board. Actually, perhaps that other one instead. Which would mean, as for effects...
An: W-Well... I guess as long as you're having fun...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Arcade]

Mizuki: Yay! I achieved a full combo♪
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. How'd you like that? I nailed that so hard you must be speechless!
An: You and everything on the screen moved so fast that I couldn't even keep up! I don't really get it, but you're really good!
Rui: It looked like a very difficult song. To clear it perfectly really is a testament to your skill. 
Mizuki: Reactions as expected, check and check! I love rhythm games. I just can't help but get sucked in playing my favorite songs!
Mizuki: By the way, what kind of games are you two good at?
An: Let's see. Oh! I'm pretty good at shooting games!
Mizuki: What? Shooting? Like the shooting with a weapon kind?
An: Yeah. I don't usually play video games, but I'm pretty good at those.
Rui: If I had to say, tabletops might be more my forte. Particularly, card games or board games.
Mizuki: Hahaha! I can totally see that! Alright then, let's play one of those next! I'm still gonna win!
Rui: Oh, now that sounds interesting.
An: Hey! Hold up! Why do I have a feeling that I'll be designated loser when that happens?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Mizuki: Thanks for today, you two! I had so much fun!
An: Hahaha! I'm glad! I guess I'll take it that you were satisfied?
Mizuki: Yup, you can say that again! Thanks for the idea, Rui♪
Rui: Hehe, it was my pleasure.
An: Once again! Happy birthday, Mizuki!
Mizuki: Hahaha, it's a little embarrassing having you say it directly to my face.
An: Blush all you want. This is the one day out of the whole year I get to do it.
An: Oh, I better head off soon... Sorry! I've gotta meet my Dad after this!
Mizuki: Don't worry about it. Thanks for today! Let's hang out again sometime!
Mizuki: I suppose we should start heading home too.
Rui: Actually, there's one place I'd like to stop by. Would that be alright?
Mizuki: Huh? Yeah, sure...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[carino/carina]

Mizuki: Huh? This is where I worked part-time for a day a while back... Did you have something to do here?
Rui: Actually, I was requested to bring you here. I'll be heading off now, but please do sit down and relax.
Rui: I'll see you later.
Mizuki: What? Rui, what's going on?
???: Ready...now!
???: Happy birthday!!!
Mizuki: What?!
Saki: Welcome, Mizuki! Behold the venue that will host your nighttime birthday celebration♪
Mizuki: Wait, huh?! My what now?!
Shiho: I had a feeling you'd say that.
Minori: The thing is... We were all invited to celebrate your birthday too!
Mizuki: Huh? Really?
Saki: Unfortunately, we couldn't all make it during the day... But we found out that we're all free from the late afternoon!
Emu: Yeah! And then that's when Rui suggested that we throw a surprise party for you!
Mizuki: I didn't realize... I can't believe Rui actually had something else in the works.
Minori: Now, without further ado! Please let us celebrate your birthday with you too!
Haruka: I know that you tune in to our streams quite a bit, so we prepared a segment for you.
Mizuki: Wait, really?
Airi: We've named this special segment, “A Happy Birthday with MORE MORE JUMP!”
Shizuku: We were discussing how it'd be fun to do this segment together.
Mizuki: Oh my gosh! I can't wait!
Emu: We wanted to have lots of fun with you, so we brought a bunch of stuff over!
Honami: We've got playing cards, board games and more.
Shiho: I don't know if we'll be able to get through all of these, though.
Saki: We also have a special birthday menu lined up as well!
Saki: Remember those Mount Everest parfaits? I spiced it up and made a special birthday version just for you!
Saki: It's super yummy, so I hope you look forward to it!
Mizuki: Everyone... Aww, this is all too good to be true!
Mizuki: Thank you so much! Okay! I can't wait to enjoy all of this!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000347/bg_s000347.png)
Saki: Happy birthday, Mizuki! I'm so glad that you liked our surprise!
Honami: That Mount Everest parfait that Saki made really was amazing. Mizuki looked so happy taking all of those photos.
Shiho: To be honest, that parfait went beyond Mount Everest. Mizuki even had to stop eating halfway.
Saki: Hahaha. I thought the more the better, but I might have gone overboard.
Shizuku: We ended up having to help finish it off, didn't we? That parfait was really delicious.
Emu: It was really fun sharing that massive parfait all together!
Airi: I'm sure that made a wonderful birthday memory, though. I'm glad Mizuki enjoyed the Happy Snacker too.
Minori: Playing those board games with everyone was so fun too! Let's do that again sometime!
Haruka: I'd love to hear more about fashion from Mizuki too. Maybe I'll organize a day for the two of us to chat soon.
Toya: Happy birthday, Akiyama. I heard that you spent quite a lively birthday. I'm glad that you had an amazing time.
Tsukasa: So am I! However, don't be satisfied just yet! We'll be giving you a celebration to make up for our absence tenfold.
Tsukasa: I will be planning a show with Toya, Azusawa and Akito! There's no better way to put a large smile on your face than this, of course!
Kohane: I'm not sure if I'll do well in theatre, but... I-I'll do my best!
Akito: Hey, wait a second. When did I get dragged into this?
An: Hahaha. Oh, c'mon! Let's do the birthday show! Tenma, can I be a part of it too?
Rui: Hehe. In that case, I'd like to offer my services as well. Let's all put together an amazing birthday show for Mizuki, shall we?
Ena: Happy birthday, Mizuki. I freaked out a little when you came in while we were preparing, but I'm glad we got to celebrate.
Kanade: I'm sure the excitement from receiving the dress couldn't wait.
Mafuyu: Mizuki sent a lot of photos of the dress, as well.
Kanade: Oh...
Mafuyu: What's wrong?
Kanade: I just realized that I should've taken photos at the party. Mizuki was having so much fun...
Ena: That's okay, I took some. It seems like a certain someone forgot to take any photos of themselves.
Kanade: Right. Thank you. I hope Mizuki's sister likes them.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mizuki: So many people celebrated my birthday with me.
Mizuki: Sis, Kanade, Miku and the others, and then An, Rui, Saki and everyone!
Mizuki: It made me so happy knowing how much everyone thought about me.
Mizuki: Oh, I didn't forget about you guys! I really appreciate your wishes too! Thank you so, so much!
Mizuki: Let's make more memories together♪
(White cut)
