1011_Mizuki Akiyama_R4 It's All Over (event_145)

Gacha phrase: ...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Two months before the school festival]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B]

Mizuki: Cool. So our class is gonna run an escape room this year...?
Toya: Yes. We decided during homeroom last week, and we've already begun preparing for it this week.
Mizuki: Yeah, I guess it already is that time of year.
Mizuki: (So much stuff happened since I last came to school. But that's also sorta business as usual.)
Mizuki: (Still, an escape room. That could be pretty fun since we get to come up with the riddles for it.)
Toya: I should also mention that we were initially considering either a maze or a haunted house.
Mizuki: Oh, those are tried-and-true standards! What made you guys decide against those?
Toya: Because they're festival standards. It turned out that classes in other grades had already chosen to do those.
Mizuki: Some classes ended up doing the same things during the last festival, so I feel like you guys didn't have to change course.
Toya: No, we didn't have to. But now that we're second-years and know what to do, we decided to go for something more original.
Mizuki: More original...
Mizuki: Yeah, an escape room would be more of a new experience compared to a maze or haunted house. It could end up being a really big draw!
Mizuki: So, have you guys already decided what kinds of riddles you're gonna make?
Toya: No, we're still in the middle of gathering ideas. However, we have already begun work on the interior design, posters, flyers, signs and such.
Mizuki: Okay.
Mizuki: (If they've already begun working on it, then that probably means groups have already been decided.)
Mizuki: (I wonder which one I'm in...)
Mizuki: (Come to think of it, I remember my teacher last year saying that anyone who wasn't around was allowed to ask to join whichever group they liked.)
Mizuki: Actually, quick question...
Mizuki: What happens to the people who weren't present when you guys decided groups and stuff?
Toya: Ah, my apologies. I failed to mention that.
Toya: You're free to join and work with whichever group you like, Akiyama.
Toya: You currently have your choice of interior design, advertising by making and putting up flyers, signs and the like and...
Mizuki: (Basically the same deal as last year. Which should I join?)
Mizuki: (My teacher's been on my case about having to come in at least once every two days because I need to take a bunch of supplementary classes, so I wouldn't really mind working on festival stuff...)
Mizuki: (But it feels pretty awkward to go ask one of the groups to let me join them.)
Toya: What do you think...? Are there any groups that you'd like to join?
Mizuki: Oh, yeah. A couple seemed interesting...
Mizuki: Actually, Toya, which group are you in? I might try joining yours.
Toya: ...!
Mizuki: Hm? Toya...?
Toya: No, I've failed you...
Toya: I'm sorry. I'm actually not in any of the groups.
Toya: I've been asked to come up with all the riddles, so I'll be focusing on that for the time being.
Mizuki: Wait, you're not in a group...? You're coming up with the riddles all by yourself?
Toya: Yes. I have asked the rest of the class to give me any suggestions, but...
Mizuki: That sounds like a ton of work, though?! Are you sure you can do this all on your own?
Toya: Well, it may be a lot of work...
Toya: But I do enjoy puzzles, so I felt I'd be able to handle this job.
Mizuki: Oh, you like puzzles? I knew that you liked reading mystery novels...
Toya: Yes, they've been appearing on my social media feed from time to time. I've found that I really enjoy the feeling I get when an answer comes to me.
Mizuki: The answers just come to you...?
Mizuki: (It makes sense. Not only is Toya really studious, he also seems good at thinking outside the box.)
Mizuki: (Hmm... I was hoping to join his group, but based on what he just told me...)
Toya: Akiyama... Would you like to help me come up with riddles?
Mizuki: (Oh...)
Mizuki: Haha. You don't have to do that for me! It'll probably go faster if our riddle expert handles everything.
Toya: No, I fear that there isn't going to be much variation if I alone come up with them.
Toya: Which is precisely why I've been asking the others in class for any suggestions they may have.
Mizuki: Oh, that's what you meant...
Toya: I don't know if it's because they're trying to come up with the best riddles they can, but I'm yet to receive any from them.
Toya: Which is why I'd really appreciate it if I had someone else helping me.
Mizuki: I see...
Mizuki: Well, if you're willing to say that, then I'll be happy to hop on board!
Mizuki: (And I'll be a lot more comfortable helping Toya instead of trying to join a group that already has a ton of people in it.)
Toya: Great, thank you!
Toya: Since you're here, do you think you could take a look at the riddles I've come up with so far?
Mizuki: Yeah, totally! Show me what you got!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - School Festival]

[Stalls]

Mizuki: Oh, I think this is it...! Look, it says, “Handmade Cotton Candy”!
Mafuyu: Yes, I also see customers making their own cotton candy back there...
Kanade: I was under the impression that making your own cotton candy would be really difficult, but it actually looks kind of fun.
Ena: Oh, I've seen the cotton candy machine on that table before online. It's supposed to be really easy to use. All you have to do is pop in some sugar and let it go.
Mizuki: Huh? Just sugar? That is pretty easy.
Clerk: Welcome! Are you here to make your own cotton candy?
Mizuki: Yeah, do you have room for four?
Clerk: Yes, we do! Let me show you to your seats.
(Black cut)
Clerk: ...is how you use this machine. I hope you all enjoy making your own cotton candy!
Mizuki: We will.
Mizuki: Let's see... Once it's all warmed up, we toss in some flavored sugar and let it spin, right?
Mafuyu: *Nod*
Mafuyu: So, are we really going to give each other the cotton candy we make...?
Mizuki: Of course. I mean, that'll make things way more interesting!
Ena: You think so? I don't mind, but who gets whose...?
Mizuki: Hmm... Good question... I know! Why don't we just go clockwise?
Mizuki: Ena, I'll give you mine. You give yours to Kanade. She'll give hers to Mafuyu, and I'll get yours, Mafuyu!
Kanade: Which means I'll be making one for Mafuyu. I'm going to apologize in advance since it may not turn out well...
Mafuyu: It's okay. I won't mind.
Ena: I'm making one for Kanade... Which flavor do you want?
Kanade: Huh? I don't have any preferences. Something simple...?
Ena: Something simple... Then, maybe orange?
Mizuki: (They all seem pretty motivated now.)
Mafuyu: We have two machines. Who's going to go first...?
Kanade: I still don't feel very confident, so I'd like to watch someone else make one first.
Ena: Me too. I need more time to choose the right flavor for her.
Mizuki: Alright. Then, Mafuyu, you and I are going first.
Mafuyu: Okay.
Mafuyu: Do you have any preferences in terms of flavor, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Nope! Pick whatever you think is best♪
Mafuyu: *Nod* Then, I'll try making a strawberry one.
Mizuki: Alright, I'll use this bluish stuff!
Ena: What? Don't make it taste weird, okay?
Mizuki: Don't worry! It'll make it fizzy like cider♪ Our guide mentioned how it'd give it a more fun texture, remember?
Mizuki: Okay, just pop in the sugar and... Switch it on!
Kanade: Oh, it's starting to produce little strings.
Ena: Don't just stare, Mizuki, Mafuyu! You gotta gather them on your sticks!
Mizuki: Let's see... You're supposed to hover your stick over the center and twirl it, right?
Mafuyu: *Nod* I think like this...
Kanade: Oh wow... It's already starting to look like the cotton candy I've seen at other food stalls.
Mizuki: Mine's also coming along nicely.
Ena: Hmm... Yeah, this does look pretty easy. All you really have to do is twirl the stick over the machine while it spins.
(Black cut)
Ena: Now it's our turn, Kanade.
Kanade: *Nod* Let's see... I have my stick, so all I have to do is pour in the sugar...
Mizuki: Oh, here come the strings!
Ena: Alright, now we just need to gather them on our sticks...!
Mizuki: Wait, Ena, you're going too fast! You gotta go slower or it won't turn out right!
Ena: Huh? What do you mean? Slower? How much slower?!
Mafuyu: I think you're going too slow, Kanade... Try twirling your stick a little faster.
Kanade: O-Okay...!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Man, making cotton candy was super fun.
Kanade: *Nod* I kind of fumbled my way through it at first since I'd never done it before, but I'm glad it turned out okay.
Mafuyu: You seem unsatisfied, Ena...
Ena: Well, duh.
Ena: Mine was becoming nice and big, but it totally lost its fluff when I bumped it up against the wall of the machine at the very end...
Mafuyu: Didn't that happen because you tried to use up all the remaining sugar...?
Mizuki: Yeah, you got greedy and made it too big. That's why it hit the wall.
Ena: But I didn't want to let that sugar go to waste.
Ena: I'm really sorry, Kanade... I wish it turned out better.
Kanade: It's okay. I like the slightly orange hue of it.
Kanade: But I've never had such a big stick of cotton candy before. I'm not sure I'll be able to finish it.
Mizuki: Oh, right. It seems like we're allowed to eat these here, so let's start digging in!
Mizuki: Here's yours, Ena! Cotton candy with a fizzy feel made specially by yours truly.
Ena: Alright, thanks.
Kanade: I'm supposed to give you the one I made, right, Mafuyu? Here you are.
Mafuyu: Thank you.
Mafuyu: Here's yours, Mizuki...
Mizuki: Thanks, Mafuyu. Oh, it's a touch of pink! That's so cute! It's supposed to be strawberry flavored, right?
Mafuyu: Yes... I also used some cherry-flavored sugar to expand its size a little.
Mizuki: Really?! Now this looks even more delicious. I can't wait to try it!
Mizuki: (It really is fun to hang out with the others like this...)
Mizuki: Ready...?
Mizuki, Ena, Kanade & Mafuyu: Let's eat! Let's eat.
(Black cut)
