1135_Mizuki Akiyama_R4 Peace And Donuts! (event_160)

Gacha phrase: Hm? Hehe. Peace!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Meow Park]

Mizuki: Man, that was so much fun! And the big slide was so cute. It was totally plastered with cats!
Nene: The handrails had cats hanging from them, and there were even a few climbing up the walls. It was adorably designed...
Tsukasa: Yes, this slide is apparently centered around the concept of cats making mischief.
Mizuki: But wow, there are cats pretty much everywhere you look. You can tell just how much Mr. Inuyama loves them.
Nene: *Nod* We really need to thank him. I mean, I didn't think that I'd get to visit such a cute carnival...
Tsukasa: Yes, we should... So, let's show our appreciation for him by having as much fun at Meow Park as we can!
Mizuki: Yeah! Next, let's...
Nyantaro: Meow.
Tsukasa: Oh, Nyantaro's calling to us. Where should we go next?
Airi: Hehe. We've sorta gotten used to having Nyantaro be our guide.
Nene: Yeah. Oh, but... I think I'm starting to get a bit hungry.
Mizuki: Me too! I'm kinda starved since we've been walking around since this morning.
Mizuki: Sorry, Nyantaro, but I think we're gonna grab some lunch before—
Nyantaro: Meow.
Mizuki: Wait, why'd you stop all of a sudden?
Mizuki: Oh, this is...!
Mizuki: The food court! Talk about perfect timing!
Nene: He was leading us here...?
Airi: Hehe. Let's show him our gratitude by having lunch here!
Tsukasa: Still, they have quite a few food trucks here.
Nene: One, two... Oh, six in total. I don't know which to choose...
Mizuki: Heh heh heh...
Mizuki: Alright, I believe that's my cue!
Nene: Huh?
Mizuki: The same amount of thought went into the food as the rest of the carnival. It's also all about cats! For example...
Mizuki: Oh, that bakery truck! They sell bread shaped like cat faces!
Airi: Look at that. They have tabby, white, black and even calico cats! They all look so adorable...!
Mizuki: The sardine-broth soba over there is also a must-see. It's got kamaboko with paw prints on it.
Tsukasa: Oh, even the bowls have cute cats on them!
Nene: Yeah, they are cute... I'd probably end up taking pictures.
Airi: Each truck offers different kinds of cat-themed menu items...! I can't decide which to choose...!
Mizuki: Hehe. We can take our time here! Oh, the donuts over there are also really cute...
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Alright! You guys all have your food?
Mizuki: Wait, Airi, you got every type of bread they had?!
Airi: I couldn't whittle down my choices. So, I decided to get them all.
Airi: But I doubt I'll be able to eat all of them, so I'll probably be taking some home with me.
Nene: You went with donuts, Akiyama?
Mizuki: Yeah, because these cats were so cute! I actually kinda don't want to eat them!
Tsukasa: I bought myself some of that soba, and Nene got cat-shaped rice balls. We all went with something different.
Airi: Oh, before we start eating, let's take pictures of everything!
Tsukasa: I'll send my photos to Saki. This sort of cute cuisine is right up her alley.
Mizuki: Hehe. Everything's so cute that just taking pictures of it is fun!
Nene: Yeah...!
Mizuki: Alright, that should be enough.
Mizuki: So, time to dig in!
Airi: Oh, Mizuki, look this way for me! I wanna take your picture!
Mizuki: Oh, thanks! Peace♪
Airi: Oh...!
Mizuki: Alright, did it turn out well?
Airi: Y-Yeah, but... Look who's behind you, Mizuki...
Mizuki: Behind me...? Whoa! Is that Mikke waving at us from way over there?!
Nene: He did a pose for us while she was taking the picture.
Tsukasa: Yes, just take a look at this picture!
Mizuki: Wow, there he is...! That's so sweet of him!
Airi: Way to go, Mikke. He's really got his eye on all the guests.
Mizuki: Yeah, I didn't think he'd go this far for the guests here! We gotta go thank him later!
Nene: We can take pictures with him out in front of the Ferris wheel, right?
Mizuki: Yeah! Let's head over there once we're done eating!
Tsukasa: Yes, let's do that!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: Oh, there they are... Hey, you guys!
Miku (N25): Welcome, Mizuki.
Len (N25): What brings you here today?
Mizuki: I have something for all of you. Let's see... I guess no KAITO or MEIKO today?
Luka (N25): Yes, you seem to have just missed them.
Mizuki: Okay. That's a bit of a shame since I wanted to see their reactions... But I can just give these to them later!
Mizuki: The thing is, I brought gifts for everyone. I got to go to a carnival the other day.
Rin (N25): A carnival...?
Mizuki: It's an amusement park that's kinda like a circus since they travel around from place to place.
Mizuki: And it was so cute! Everything they had from the rides to the food was all cat themed!
Len (N25): So, there were cats everywhere...?
Mizuki: Yeah, because the owner loves them so much! It really felt like every surface had a cat painted on it.
Mizuki: Naturally, the souvenirs I bought are also...
Mizuki: Ta-daa! Cat keychains!
Len (N25): Wow, these are really cute...!
Mizuki: They had all sorts of different breeds, so I made sure to get ones that suited each of you.
Mizuki: Alright, to be fair, I sorta arbitrarily picked based on my own personal beliefs about you guys...
Luka (N25): Oh, I'm curious to see what you chose.
Mizuki: I bet you are. By the way, I already gave Kanade and the others theirs.
Mizuki: I got Kanade a Russian Blue, Mafuyu a Chartreux... And a Scottish Fold for Ena!
Rin (N25): I don't really know cats, but it sounds like they come in a lot of different types.
Miku (N25): What are those ones like?
Mizuki: Oh, right. Their names alone don't tell you much, huh? Alright, lemme find some pictures...
Mizuki: Russian Blues look like this. They've got emerald green eyes and ash blue coats.
Miku (N25): Their eyes are so pretty... This is the breed you chose for Kanade?
Mizuki: Yeah, they remind me of her since they seem distant but actually have a high degree of empathy.
Mizuki: As for Mafuyu, I thought a Chartreux matched her calm demeanor and kind heart.
Rin (N25): What about Ena?
Len (N25): Wh-What was it called again...? A Scottish something...
Mizuki: A Scottish Fold. Hmm... Oh, here we are. They look like this.
Rin (N25): They're cute...
Len (N25): Yeah, they do remind me of Ena...
Mizuki: Right? I thought the same thing! In particular, that kind of in-your-face cuteness!
Mizuki: Unfortunately, she got mad at me when I told her that...
Luka (N25): Really? I think you were spot on, Mizuki.
Miku (N25): Which breed did you choose for me?
Len (N25): Y-Yeah, I wanna ask the same question...
Mizuki: Then, I'll start passing them out! Here you are!
Miku (N25): Thank you.
Miku (N25): You got me a white cat...?
Mizuki: That's a Khao Manee cat. I thought it suited you since it has a bit of a mythical feel to it.
Len (N25): Oh, its eyes are different colors...
Miku (N25): *Nod* Just like me...
Luka (N25): Mine has a black nose and blue eyes... What is this breed called?
Mizuki: That's a Himalayan. They've got this sort of mysterious aura to them, but they're actually good with people. Doesn't that sound like you, Luka?
Luka (N25): Ah, so that's how you see me.
Len (N25): My cat looks so fluffy. I think it's really cute...
Rin (N25): Mine kinda looks like a leopard.
Mizuki: Yours is a Minuet, Len, and yours is a Bengal, Rin.
Mizuki: Minuets not only look cute, but are also supposed to be really kind. That reminded me of you, Len. And despite how fierce Bengals look, they're actually really friendly. Like you, Rin!
Rin (N25): I don't think we're alike...
Mizuki: What?! You totally are!
Luka (N25): Hehe. Still... It's unfortunate that we don't get to see MEIKO and KAITO's reactions.
Mizuki: I know. But I'll let you guys know how they react once I give them their gifts!
Mizuki: Actually, that might not be for a little while since I'm gonna be a bit busy...
Miku (N25): You are?
Mizuki: Yeah. See, the carnival I went to is gonna close down soon.
Mizuki: And I get to help out with the show they're gonna put on for the final day!
Miku (N25): A show? Does that mean you're going to be acting, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Yup! I'm really excited since it's such a fun story♪
Rin (N25): What is it about?
Mizuki: Oh, want me to tell you? It's about this cat hero who protects the carnival from...
(Black cut)
