1223_Mizuki Akiyama_R4 Designing My Own Tomorrow (event_177)

Skill name: Time With My Sister
Gacha phrase: Thank you... For everything.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: Thanks for coming, everyone!
Mizuki: There we go...! I'll start passing out the snacks and souvenirs Toya and the others brought back from the US!
Kanade: I was wondering what was in these big paper bags. They're all full of snacks and souvenirs?
Mizuki: Hehe. Yeah, I was shocked too when Toya handed them to me. I was like, “All this?! Are you sure?!”
Mafuyu: I'm surprised that he had them on hand, considering how sporadically you go to school.
Mizuki: Believe it or not, he asked the teachers about me. He made sure to bring them when he knew that I'd actually be there.
Rin (N25): He seems like a nice person...
Ena: That's Toya for you.
Ena: Oh, I also got a bunch of stuff from Akito, so let me pass those out too while we're here.
Mizuki: Okay! Then, let's get everything out!
Mizuki: First, this is one of the most famous American chocolate brands!
Miku (N25): That's cute. They're little triangles...
Mizuki: And I'm sure we're all familiar with these cream-filled cookie sandwiches!
Luka (N25): Oh, these are the snacks you bring over every so often for our birthday and anniversary parties.
Mafuyu: Oh, right. These are originally American, aren't they?
Mizuki: That's right! And they apparently bought us some flavors that you can only get over there.
Mizuki: These are filled with peanut butter, and these ones are... Birthday-cake flavored?
Kanade: Birthday cake...?
Len (N25): What do you think they taste like?
Mizuki: We'll just have to try them and find out!
Ena: I've set out everything I got, so try whatever you like.
Kanade: Thanks. Then, let's eat.
Mafuyu: Let's eat.
Miku & Co.: Let's eat...
Rin (N25): I wanna try some of the chocolates your brother bought for you, Ena.
Ena: Have at it. This one's in a thin bar, but it's apparently filled with caramel.
Kanade: Oh, you're right. It's really good...
Len (N25): Birthday cake flavor really does taste just like cake...
Mizuki: Yeah, I think I really like these!
Kanade: Come to think of it, Ena, your brother and his team went over to see a music event in the United States, right?
Ena: Yeah, it was apparently pretty wild. He said there were tens of thousands of people there.
Mizuki: Yeah, I think I heard a hundred thousand!
Kanade: A hundred thousand... It must've been huge.
Mizuki: Yeah, that's a crazy number.
Mizuki: Not only did they have a bunch of world-famous artists there, they covered a huge range of genres, they said. Sounds like it was a real blast.
Mizuki: And the crowd apparently bounced off the walls the entire time! Their cheers sent shockwaves through the air, and they made the ground shake just by jumping in time with the music.
Mafuyu: That seems possible, with tens of thousands of people.
Kanade: *Nod*
Kanade: If it was that amazing, I can understand wanting to see it live, I guess.
Mizuki: Me too! Man, I'm super jealous. I wish I could go overseas for a vacation.
Rin (N25): Is there somewhere you wanna go...?
Mizuki: Huh? Hmm... Not exactly, but still...
Mizuki: Oh, but I might be interested in going to Europe since my big sis lives over there!
Mizuki: Imagine walking through a street straight out of the Middle Ages! I'd be like a fairytale protagonist!
Ena: Hmm... I'd want to visit Paris.
Ena: I mean, there's nothing more photogenic than one of those super exclusive spas by the sea where celebrities go.
Mizuki: Haha! That reason suits you so well, Ena!
Ena: Wait, are you making fun of me?
Mizuki: No, I'm not!
Miku (N25): What about you and Kanade, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Peru...
Len (N25): Umm...
Mafuyu: It's a country far to the south of the United States.
Mafuyu: There are glyphs called Nazca lines there. They're so big, you can only see what they look like from the sky.
Mafuyu: I saw on the news the other day that one of Japan's universities is helping preserve them.
Mizuki: People talk all the time on TV and in magazines about how they're one of the Seven Wonders of the World! I can totally see why you'd want to see them in person!
Ena: What about you, Kanade? Is there any place you'd like to visit?
Kanade: Huh? Umm...
Kanade: Easter Island...?
Luka (N25): What's there?
Mafuyu: It's famous as home to the moai. They're huge stone statues with big faces.
Ena: I wasn't expecting you to say that you were interested in seeing the moai, Kanade...
Mizuki: Were you influenced by Mafuyu's Nazca lines? They're both in South America, right?
Kanade: *Nod* And there's something similar in Shibuya.
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Everything was delicious!
Kanade: Thank you for sharing these with us, Ena, Mizuki.
Miku (N25): These snacks were really good.
Ena: You're welcome. Well, we're not the ones who bought them, really.
Mizuki: But this ended up being really fun because we got to talk about a bunch of stuff!
Mizuki: I'm sure Sis will be coming back to Japan again soon enough, so we should be able to chat while having yummy snacks again!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Mizuki Akiyama)

[Mizuki's Room]

Mizuki: Humhumhumm♪
Mizuki: Hair, check! Makeup, check! Outfit, check...!
Mizuki: Alright, I'm all set!
Mizuki's Voice (Mizuki): Sis! Are you ready to head out? I'm set to go whenever!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Mizuki: Ooh. It's the weekend, but it's still nice and empty this early in the morning.
Mizuki's Sister: Yeah, we shouldn't have to wait to use any of the fitting rooms.
Mizuki: It is common for big lines to form at the really popular shops.
Mizuki: Ena and I usually have to spend a bunch of time waiting whenever we go shopping, since we tend to go in the afternoon.
Mizuki's Sister: Then, why don't you two try to wake up early like we did today and come in the morning?
Mizuki: No way. I mean, Ena just isn't a morning person.
Mizuki's Sister: Oh, really?
Mizuki: She will wake up early to buy something she really wants or go somewhere she's set on visiting...
Mizuki: But even for those times, she usually has Li'l Bro wake her up.
Mizuki's Sister: Hehe. The Shinonome siblings seem really close, just like us.
Mizuki: Huh? Oh, yeah... I guess?
Mizuki: (It's more that Ena won't wake up even with her super-loud alarm clock, so Li'l Bro has to go in and yell at her, but...)
Mizuki's Sister: Wait, Mizuki, was the shop you wanted to visit this way?
Mizuki: Oh, yeah! Just keep going straight!
Mizuki: Hehe. I made a whole list of all the shops I wanna visit with you, Sis, so you better be prepared!
Mizuki's Sister: Alright, challenge accepted!
Mizuki & Mizuki's Sister: Haha. Hehe.
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Based on my hair and outfit, I'll probably wanna find hair accessories that are white-ish, huh?
Mizuki's Sister: Probably. But something covered in decorative gemstones could also work. Like this one!
Mizuki: Hey, you're right. It's pretty flashy, but it fits in surprisingly well when you put it on!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Does it fit, Sis? Do you need more time?
Mizuki's Sister's Voice: A little bit more.
Mizuki's Sister's Voice: Hmm... This jacket also seems good, but I could go for more of a relaxed look with this cardigan...
Mizuki: Oh, Sis, wait! Don't decide all by yourself! Let me help!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mizuki's Sister: This accessory shop even sells DIY kits and stuff, huh?
Mizuki: I've been coming here a lot lately! And they have even more stuff in the back, so let's go in♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Diner]

Mizuki: Phew. All this walking has really made me hungry.
Mizuki's Sister: Me too. Hmm... What should I order...?
Mizuki's Sister: Oh, Mizuki, that reminds me. You and your group come here often, right?
Mizuki: Yeah, we usually throw our after-parties here!
Mizuki's Sister: Then, I might just base my order on what Ena and the others usually get.
Mizuki: What Ena and the others usually get...?
Mizuki: Wait, huh? Aren't you gonna ask what I usually get?
Mizuki's Sister: You're just gonna order the curry, right? And a mountain of French fries.
Mizuki: That's right... But that's not all, you know? I'll order their Salisbury steak and stuff!
Mizuki's Sister: Sorry, sorry. Then, can you tell me what you like to get too?
Mizuki: Okay♪
Mizuki: First, I'll order their piping-hot Salisbury steak set! It's pretty hard to eat because it is seriously hot, but it's also really good!
Mizuki: Kanade usually gets something from the noodles section. I think she gets their wonton noodles the most!
Mizuki: The thing is, until not too long ago, Kanade was practically living off of instant noodles each day.
Mizuki: But she's been eating much more properly lately. She even said that she looks forward to having the noodles here.
Mizuki's Sister: I see.
Mizuki: Next, we have Mafuyu. She usually gets a plate of pasta.
Mizuki: But she doesn't really order based on what she wants to eat. She doesn't want to read through the menu, so she just always picks the first thing that's listed.
Mizuki's Sister: *Nod*
Mizuki: Then there's Ena, who usually orders some sort of dessert. But she'll share some of her parfaits and cakes with us.
Mizuki: Oh, that reminds me! Whenever Ena's watching her calorie intake or trying to be healthy, she'll just order salad...
Mizuki: But she never feels full, and usually ends up ordering from the dessert menu.
Mizuki's Sister: Oh, I see.
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Anyway, that's just about everything we usually order♪ Did it help?
Mizuki's Sister: Yes, a lot.
Mizuki's Sister: But we do have a bit of a problem.
Mizuki: A problem?
Mizuki's Sister: I was so focused on how much fun you were having talking about your friends that I missed about half of what you said.
Mizuki: Whaaat?! I told you all that to try to help you, Sis!
Mizuki's Sister: Sorry, sorry! But you had such a big smile on your face, and it's really clear how much you love them all, so I just couldn't help it.
Mizuki's Sister: Can we call it even if I pay today?
Mizuki: Alright, fine... I'll tell you everything again, so listen closely.
Mizuki's Sister: I will!
Mizuki: Honestly...
(Black cut)
