1228_Mizuki Akiyama_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Skill name: EnJoying SpoJoy Park♪
Gacha phrase: We're hanging out until I say we're done!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[Two weeks before Mizuki's birthday]

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: Hmm... I'm not seeing KAITO or MEIKO, but I guess there's nothing I can do about those two.
Mizuki: Anyway, everyone! Thank you all for gathering here today♪
Mafuyu: So Mizuki got you all together too, Miku?
Miku (N25): Yes, to ask us for a big favor...
Kanade: Huh? A big favor?
Mizuki: I'd like to ask you all to keep your schedules open on the 27th. There's somewhere I wanna go.
Ena: Wait, Mizuki, isn't that your birthday?
Mizuki: That's right! And I want to spend it with all of you guys!
Kanade: Okay, I'll make sure to keep that day open.
Rin (N25): But where do you want to go?
Mizuki: You'll just have to wait until the day of♪
Luka (N25): You called us together for this, which means we're free to go with you, right?
Mizuki: Yup! There's gonna be a lot of people there, so we won't be able to constantly be together...
Mizuki: But I still wanna hang out there with you guys.
Luka (N25): Hehe. Okay. Let us know when it's time, then.
Len (N25): Umm... I'm really excited about going, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Me too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mizuki's birthday]

[SpoJoy Park]

Mizuki: Anyway, here we are! SpoJoy Park!
Kanade: So this is where you wanted to go.
Mafuyu: It's safe to come out, everyone. You should be able to hide behind all of us.
Miku (N25): <It's very lively.>
Len (N25): <Look at all the people...>
Luka (N25): <Still, why did you want to come here?>
Luka (N25): <This place may feel strange and new to us, but that isn't the case for you and the others, Mizuki.>
Ena: Yeah, we do come here from time to time.
Mafuyu: Do you have your eye on some birthday special?
Mizuki: Haha. There is that...
Mizuki: But I really just wanted to hang out here with you guys. We haven't been here with this group before, after all!
Kanade: Huh... That's all?
Mizuki: Yup! That's all!
Mizuki: You guys are gonna keep me company until I'm satisfied!
Kanade, Mafuyu & Ena: Okay. Alright, fine.
(Black cut)
Mizuki: We're gonna start by taking some pics! I need to go borrow the birthday hat and sash!
Kanade: Oh, they do have those here, don't they...?
Ena: You want to put them on? But they're so lame.
Mafuyu: If that's what Mizuki wants, then I don't see a problem with it.
Luka (N25): <Are there enough for us as well?>
Rin (N25): <Why do you want to put them on, Luka...?>
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Yeah, roller blading's so much fun! The rush of wind as you go is just the best♪
Mizuki: Can you guys also feel it, Miku, Len?
Miku (N25): <Umm... I can tell that you're going very fast.>
Ena: How are you so good at this?
Mafuyu: It's probably easy after you do it a few times.
Ena: But we've already done it a few times too.
Mizuki: You can do it, Kanade, Ena♪
Ena: Hey, instead of having fun all by yourself, come help us!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Swing for the fences! Ka-na-de!
Kanade: N-Now...!
Luka (N25): <Hehe. You swung far too late.>
Rin (N25): <You've gotta swing sooner, Kanade.>
Len (N25): <That's amazing, Mafuyu. You've hit every ball so far.>
Ena: Hey, is it just me or was that ball just now really fast?
Mafuyu: I put it on the highest setting. To try it.
Mizuki: Oh, cool! Lemme give that a go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanade: Phew... We did quite a lot.
Ena: Yeah, let's take a quick break here.
Luka (N25): <We'll also head back and take a break.>
Len (N25): <Umm... See you later, Mizuki.>
Mizuki: Yeah! Let's play more later!
Mafuyu: What are we going to do after our break?
Mizuki: Well, our extra guests should be arriving soon, so something we can do with a lot of people.
Mafuyu: Extra guests?
???: We're here, Mizuki.
Ena: Ah!
Mizuki: Thanks for coming, you guys! Wait, huh?
Mizuki: I heard that Emu and Kusanagi were busy, but where are An and Kohane?
Toya: Sorry, we were all together initially, but something came up and they had to take a detour.
Akito: They said that they'd join us soon and to get started without them.
Tsukasa: We'll do any activity you wish! After all, you're the star of today's show!
Mizuki: Hehe. Thank you very much♪ In that case... Oh, let's play strike zone!
Mizuki: We have enough people to form two teams, so why don't the losers buy drinks for the winners?
Rui: Alright, that sounds fine.
Kanade: Sorry, Mizuki, but I'd like to rest for a little while longer.
Ena: Then, I'll rest with you. That'll make it easier to split the headcount, right?
Akito: You just don't wanna lose and buy drinks.
Ena: Excuse me?
Mafuyu: Hehe. You two are so close.
Mizuki: I know, right? Anyway, we'll start after we make our teams!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[SpoJoy Park]

Rui: Alright, let's get this game of team strike zone started.
Rui: Each person gets three pitches. The team that knocks down the most panels wins.
Rui: My team will start things off.
Toya: I'll do my best to not hold us back.
Mafuyu: Hehe. Competition or no, it's only a game, so—
Ena: Mafuyu! Toya! Kamishiro! Make Akito taste the bitterest of defeats!
Rui: Hehe. It seems that we have a strong supporter.
Akito: There she goes again. Has Ena forgotten who we're here for exactly?
Mizuki: Hahaha! That's just Ena being Ena, so I just think it's fun.
Tsukasa: Regardless, we will just have to see what they can do.
(Black cut)
Kanade: His focus is incredible...
Mizuki: But isn't Toya...?
Toya: Hup!
Kanade: Huh...?! The ball disappeared?! Did he throw it that fast...?
Ena: N-No... It fell out of his hand right as he was about to release it. Look, it's rolling behind him.
(Black cut)
Rui: Go...!
Mafuyu: There!
Mizuki: Whoa! Two hits on the very last pitch?!
Akito: Seven in total. We're gonna have to buckle down if we want to win.
Tsukasa: Alright, it's time to show them what real teamwork is about!
Ena: Boooo.
Akito: You call that booing? That's not gonna be enough to break my concentration... Look!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Fire!
Mizuki: What?! I totally thought I got two at once right there! I hit panels one and four, didn't I...?!
Toya: Unfortunately, it seems like you just barely hit the outer frame to the left of them.
Mizuki: What?! No way!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: There! Noooo...! But I already hit panel two!
Rui: You're down to your last pitch. Even if you get one more, you'll only tie us at seven, so we won't lose.
Tsukasa: No, I am not about to have our birthday star buy drinks!
Tsukasa: *Roar*
(Black cut)
Akito, Tsukasa & Mizuki: Thank you all for buying. Thank you all for buying! Thank you all for buying♪
Toya: Who would've guessed that he'd knock down two panels at the end there like you did, Asahina.
Mafuyu: It felt like something out of a TV drama.
Ena: I feel kinda bad. You even bought drinks for us too.
Rui: No, it's a small token of our appreciation for all the cheering you did.
An: Oh, there you guys are! Sorry we're so late, Mizuki!
Mizuki: Welcome, you two! I heard you took a detour, but what happened?
Kohane: Hehe. We found something really wonderful.
An: Yeah, we did. And we know you're gonna love it, Mizuki. Ta-daa! An accessory with ribbons on it!
Mizuki: Wait, whoa! This is right up my alley!
An: Yeah, we thought so! We had another candidate, but we're glad that we decided to go with this one!
An: Happy birthday, Mizuki!
Mizuki: Yeah, thanks!
Tsukasa: You seem happy, Rui.
Rui: Do I?
Kanade: You look really happy too, Ena.
Ena: *Nod*
Ena: That's because Mizuki is smiling, laughing and having so much fun.
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Thank you guys so much for hanging out with me today!
Mizuki: I'm super happy because we got to try out that Print Sticker machine for big groups!
Akito: That's good to hear.
Rui: Anyway, we'll see you again at school.
Mizuki: I'd really prefer outside of school.
Mizuki: Alright, everyone, let's head back to the Print Sticker machines! I wanna take a pic with Miku and the others now!
Luka (N25): <We can finally show our faces again.>
Ena: Huh? I thought you guys went back to SEKAI to take a break. When did you get back?
Miku (N25): <While you were all playing strike zone...>
Len (N25): <So, we didn't get to see everything, but we were rooting for you.>
Mizuki: Really?! Thanks!
Mizuki: Wait, does that mean you heard us talking about Print Stickers?
Rin (N25): <Yeah... I am a little interested...>
Mizuki: Okay! Let's commemorate this day by taking a picture together!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000484/bg_s000484.webp)
Honami: Happy birthday, Mizuki!
Saki & Shiho: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Saki: Tsukasa told us all about what you guys did at SpoJoy Park! We really wish that we could've gone.
Shiho: Unfortunately, we had work. But we are glad that we were able to wish you a happy birthday in time.
Honami: I hope you'll let us make up for being a little late by celebrating just that much more.
Saki: Yeah♪ Again, Mizuki, happy birthday!
Airi: Happy birthday, Mizuki! Have you had a chance to watch the celebratory video we sent over to your phone?
Minori: We performed a special version of that song of ours you said that you really like!
Haruka: We changed the choreography a little bit, so we hope you have fun finding what's different.
Shizuku: We'd also love to hear what you think later. And we should go shopping together again sometime soon!
An: Happy birthday, Mizuki! I'm so glad that I got to celebrate with you. I had so much fun!
Kohane: Speaking of which, the game of strike zone you guys played ended up being really close, right? I wish I got to see what happened.
Toya: Asahina and Tsukasa both hit two panels at once. Akiyama was also close but missed by a hair.
Akito: Another pitch might've resulted in a twofer.
Emu: Mizuki! Happy-happy-happy-happy-happy-happy-happy birthday♪
Nene: Emu and I got you a present. Would it be possible for us to meet up at school?
Rui: Hehe. Mizuki is sure to come to school if you say you have a birthday present waiting.
Tsukasa: Alright, when that time comes, we'll throw Akiyama a big celebration! We'll be waiting for you!
Kanade: Happy birthday, Mizuki. I'm so glad that you had fun at SpoJoy Park.
Ena: Unfortunately, I'll probably be aching all over soon.
Mafuyu: That's because you don't get enough exercise in your day to day.
Ena: I exercise a little. But who wouldn't be sore after all that?
Kanade: Umm... It might be a good idea for us to take it easy tomorrow.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mizuki: Man, I got to do so much today! I might be pretty sore tomorrow.
Mizuki: But something odd's been happening...
Mizuki: The fun and joy I've been feeling lately seems a little different somehow.
Mizuki: Hehe. I guess that's what makes today feel so special!
Mizuki: Thank you all so much!
(Black cut)
