1257_Mizuki Akiyama_R4 Big Smile Live On Camera! (event_181)

Skill name: To Make Memories Together
Gacha phrase: What do you think of these sparklers?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Beach]

Mizuki: Are your fireworks ready, you two? We'll light them on three!
Airi: Yeah, we're ready whenever!
Mizuki: Okay! Then, one, two, three...!
Shizuku: They're beautiful.
Mizuki: Yeah. Also, the moment you light them is always a little exciting, you know?
Airi: I know what you mean. They'll burn slowly at first and then suddenly start sparking.
Shizuku: It always feels like a bit of a surprise.
Shizuku: Oh, Mizuki, your sparkler's a lovely pink color... I might try lighting one of those next.
Mizuki: We've still got plenty, so have at it!
Shizuku: Thank you! In that case, I'll try one right away.
Airi: No, wait...! You've got it backwards! You're holding the part you're supposed to light!
Shizuku: Oh, you're right...
Airi: Honestly... You really do have a talent for doing these kinds of things.
Mizuki: Haha. It's okay, Shizuku!
???: Hah hah hah hah!
Mizuki: Hm?
Tsukasa: Behold! The sparklers in my hands have allowed me to sprout wings! Perfect for a soaring pegasus, is it not?!
Emu: I wanna do that too! Here's my razzle-dazzle sparkly wonderhoy pose!
Airi: Tenma and Emu... They're striking poses using those fireworks.
Shizuku: Hehe. They look like they're having so much fun.
Nene: Seriously, what are those two doing...?
Toya: He's making the sparks look like wings. Tsukasa's sensibilities know no bounds...
Mizuki: Oh, you think so...?
An: Hey, you guys! Let's start launching those rockets!
Mizuki: Yeah, let's do it!
Tsukasa: Oh, it's finally time for the main event!
Akito: You guys stand back while I light them.
An: I'll do the countdown! Three, two, one...
Mizuki: Takeoff!
Airi & Shizuku: Kaboom!
Rui: Yes, rockets do really have a special charm to them...
Mizuki: Wait, that look on your face! You're thinking about making your own, aren't you?
Rui: As much as I'd like to, you need special qualifications in order to make fireworks...
Mizuki: Wait, really? If that's the case, I guess your hands are pretty tied.
Rui: But a good director should be able to overcome such obstacles. Decorating Tsukasa with electric lights and launching him into the air to mimic a firework shouldn't pose any problems.
Tsukasa: Not so fast! I'm only sensing problems here!!
Rui: Ah, you were listening?
Tsukasa: I am not about to let any of your wild ideas develop unobstructed!
Rui: Hehe. I was just kidding.
Mizuki: Haha.
Mizuki: (This is so much fun. I'm really glad I came...)
Mizuki: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: (It probably would've been even more fun if we got to play with fireworks together as N25.)
Mizuki: (Oh, I know...)
Mizuki: (They'll probably be working on stuff until late, so I'll try contacting them later. Even if it's just for a little bit, I hope we get to see some fireworks together...)
An: Mizuki! We still have some fireworks left, so let's light them together!
Mizuki: Oh, okay. Be right there!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka)

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: Alright... We all have our drinks now, right?
Mizuki: Here's to the festival going really well! Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers.
Kanade: We're having an after-party, but we didn't actually do anything.
Mizuki: Who cares?! This is a case where you just gotta go with the flow!
Mizuki: And we did get to participate in it!
Ena: You're talking about how our music videos were played at the festival venue, right? How did that go?
Mizuki: Yeah, about that! I took a video on my phone, so you gotta see it!
Ena: Hey, that was pretty thoughtful of you.
Kanade: Oh, our video's playing... A lot of people are stopping to watch it.
Mizuki: Our songs were a huge hit! I heard some people saying how much they love them.
Miku (N25): You've been able to reach a lot of people. That's incredible.
Mizuki: A few even said how good our videos were. I couldn't help but grin while standing behind them.
Mafuyu: I see.
Mizuki: Wait, doesn't that excite you at all?
Kanade: But... I am glad that they enjoyed our songs.
Ena: Yeah. It might be nice to see the faces of the people listening.
Luka (N25): Did you take any other videos or pictures? You said that you'd also be doing some sightseeing, yes?
Mizuki: Yeah, there's plenty more to go! After all, we did do that stamp rally together!
Len (N25): Stamp rally?
Mizuki: We visited a bunch of different places on the island, including a shrine and the zoo! That was so much fun!
Mizuki: After that, we had a barbeque by the sea and played with a bunch of fireworks!
Kanade: It sounds like you got to do quite a lot...
Ena: Was everyone there for that?
Mizuki: Yeah! There were a bunch of us, so things were really fun and lively!
Mizuki: We had a carnivore carnival after Minori grilled up way too much meat, Shizuku burnt some marshmallows and... Tsukasa and Emu did really funny poses using a bunch of sparklers.
Miku (N25): That all sounds fun...
Ena: Now that I think about it, it's pretty incredible how all of you guys ended up gathered on that island at the same time.
Mizuki: Haha. I know, right?!
Mizuki: But I'm glad they were all there. We ended up making a lot of great memories together.
Kanade: I see...
Kanade: It sounds like you really enjoyed yourself, Mizuki.
Mizuki: I did...!
Mizuki: But I wanna go somewhere with all of you next time.
Mafuyu: Go somewhere? Such as?
Mizuki: Hmm... For example, the sea!
Kanade: The sea... There might be a lot of people, which would be exhausting for me.
Mizuki: Right...
Ena: We could smash watermelons here in SEKAI, right?
Luka (N25): In that case, we could also have a barbeque.
Ena: Wait, is it that easy to have a barbeque?
Mafuyu: They do make portable grills and such.
Mizuki: Yeah! We should totally do both!
Mizuki: Oh, also, fireworks like we promised! I'll bring some over to SEKAI next time♪
Ena: Yeah, relax, we remember.
Rin (N25): I wanna see some real fireworks.
Mizuki: Hehe. It's gonna be really fun!
Mizuki: (I got to have a ton of fun on that island...)
Mizuki: (But I really wanna make a bunch of memories with everyone here too.)
(Black cut)
