10_Honami Mochizuki_R2 Leo/need

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Honami: Hello! Sorry, I got held up a bit.
Shiho: No worries. We've still got to wait for the others anyway.
Honami: Oh, is it just me and you?
Shiho: Yeah.
Honami: Um... Ichika and Saki should be on their way, right?
Shiho: I'd hope so.
Honami: ...
Shiho: ...
Honami: Well, um... They're running late, aren't they?
Shiho: They'll get here sooner or later.
Honami: I'm sure they will... Oh, I got a message from Ichika.
Shiho: What's it say?
Honami: That she and Saki have just left the school.
Honami: She had a class rep meeting, and Saki had to stay longer for classroom duty.
Shiho: Hmph. Ah, I got one too.
Shiho: It's from Saki. She says they're rushing over but it's going to take them at least fifteen minutes to get here.
Honami: I see...
Honami: (Fifteen minutes? If we were here all together, it wouldn't feel like very long at all but...)
Shiho: ...
Honami: ...
Honami: (When it's just me and her, it seems like forever.)
Honami: (We've made up but it's still so awkward for me to talk to Shiho...)
Shiho: ...
Honami: (I wonder if she thinks that about me too?)
Honami: (But we can't just wait in silence...)
Shiho: Hey.
Honami: Y-Yes?
Shiho: Don't you want to get your kit ready? Drums take the longest to set up.
Honami: Ah, right. I'll do that.
Honami: (Phew... She spoke to me first.)
Honami: (...)
Honami: (No, I can't just leave it like this!)
Honami: (I have to work on my attitude too, if we are to stay together.)
Honami: Shiho, would you mind if...
Shiho: Would I mind what?
Honami: If...we did some rhythm pattern practice together?
Honami: I'd like to make sure I'm following your lead well.
Shiho: ...
Honami: Um...
Honami: (Does she hate the idea? Hmm, she doesn't look angry.)
Shiho: Don't let me lead.
Honami: Wh-Why not?
Shiho: We're both doing the rhythmic section, but you don't need to match up what I'm doing.
Shiho: It would only make our music sound dull.
Shiho: It's you setting the tempo for the entire band.
Honami: You're right, of course...
Honami: (That's my problem, always trying to adjust myself to others...)
Honami: (But I think I can gradually change that.)
Shiho: I'm ready to start playing whenever. How about you?
Honami: I'm all set up and ready too.
Shiho: Okay, you start. I'll come in after you.
Honami: Sure! Let's do this!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Lady: Free coupons! Please take one!
Honami: Oh... Um, thank you.
Saki: Thank you!
Ichika: It's for the game arcade, one free go at the claw machine.
Saki: That's cool! Why don't we go to the arcade and try our luck?
Ichika: Sure. I'm not working today anyway.
Shiho: Okay, but I don't want to stay long...
Honami: Oh... I'm sorry, but I have to go to work.
Saki: That's too bad. Next time we should all go together!
Honami: That'll be nice. Oh...
Honami: I better check my messages before I get on the subway... Phew, Ms. Yoisaki replied.
Honami: Today it's going to be...cleaning and cooking. I'll have to stop by the supermarket...
Ichika: Cleaning? Cooking?
Saki: What sort of job does Hona do?
Shiho: Dunno. I didn't even know she had a job.
Ichika: Neither did I.
Saki: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Honami: You want to know what I do?
Saki: Yeah. It was news to me yesterday that you had a job too. What sort of thing is it?
Ichika & Shiho: ...
Honami: Um...
Shiho: Is it something you don't want to talk about?
Honami: No, it's nothing embarrassing...
Shiho: Who's this Ms. Yoisaki?
Ichika: You cook and clean as part of your job?
Saki: You don't work at a diner or a karaoke place, do you?
Honami: Not so many questions at once! I'll tell you.
Honami: I do housekeeping.
Saki: Housekeeping?
Saki: So you go to people's houses and cook and clean for them?
Honami: Yes. I've always been good at housework, so I thought I could make some money off it.
Honami: At first, I was going to apply for waitressing positions, but a friend told me it's very stressful work.
Honami: I asked my mom for advice, and she told me that some of her clients use this housekeeping service.
Saki: Your mom's a stylist, right? She works with models and the like?
Honami: That's right. So I thought, since her clients have good opinions of this service, maybe it would be worth applying.
Ichika: That reminds me of when you used to volunteer at a care home. You said then that you'd like that to be your job one day.
Honami: I did, yes. I think that's when I realized I enjoyed looking after people.
Shiho: So you go to strangers' houses and do house chores?
Saki: Do you do it while they're in?
Saki: You missed a spot, clean it again! Hyeh hyeh hyeh!
Saki: Do you get bullied by tyrannical employers like that?! I saw that happen a lot in TV soaps I was watching while in the hospital!
Honami: Hehe. It's not like that at all. I'm currently working for a girl one year older than us.
Shiho: Say that again?
Shiho: Your employer's a high school student? I bet there's an interesting story to that.
Saki: Even kids who live in their own apartments don't normally hire housekeepers...
Honami: Um... I'm sorry, but I can't tell you about her personal situation. I've got to respect her privacy.
Ichika: Of course you do. Sorry for prying.
Saki: She sounds all right, but what if you got called to a house and it turned out your employer was a lecherous old man or something!
Honami: The agency lets us search for potential employers based on various criteria, so I make sure it's only people I'd be comfortable with.
Honami: You can choose employers by gender, location, the scope of help with housework they require, things like that.
Saki: Hmm... It sounds like a decent agency!
Shiho: If it wasn't, her mom wouldn't have recommended it.
Saki: Sorry for bothering you with all these questions, Hona.
Honami: No, it's nice that you were so concerned about me.
Honami: I'm really enjoying this job, so you don't need to worry!
Honami: (I can't introduce Ms. Yoisaki to them, or them to Ms. Yoisaki because we have a professional relationship...)
Honami: (But it would be great if we got the opportunity to all meet up someday.)
(Black cut)
