11_Honami Mochizuki_R3 Unchanging Flavor

Gacha phrase: It's embarrassing, so don't tell anyone, ok?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Honami: (I have to go for a cleanup committee meeting later. I should tell my club seniors that I'll be late today.)
Honami: (There's still some time until morning homeroom starts. I should go look for the club seniors before...)
Saki: Haha! Nah, this wouldn't look good on me!
Honami: (Ah... That's Saki's voice. She's already in the classroom?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-C]

Student: That's not true! You probably wouldn't choose this color yourself, but I bet you'd still look good in it, Saki!
Saki: Hm... When you put it that way, it makes me feel like I should try it out!
Honami: (Saki's already getting along so well with her classmates. She's amazing...)
Honami: (She looks to be in the pink of health too. I haven't seen her smile so brightly in such a long time...)
Saki: Ah...
Honami: (Oh!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Honami: (I can't believe I just left after our eyes met like that... What am I doing...?)
Ichika: Ah...
Honami: Oh.
Ichika: Morning, Honami...
Honami: Y-Yes, good morning. Sorry...I have to go now.
Ichika: Ah...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-B]

Classmate: Morning, Honami.
Honami: Yes, good morning.
Classmate: Hey, are you okay, Honami? You don't look so good.
Honami: Huh?
Female Student A: She's right. You seem a little down. Is everything okay?
Honami: Yes, don't worry. Everything's just fine.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school]

Classmate: Honami, let's go back together.
Honami: Yes, let's go.
Classmate: I must've flunked that pop quiz in math class today. It was so tough!
Honami: Yes, I found it difficult too. I need to do a review when I get home.
Saki: Ichi, thanks for waiting! I finished the teacher's errand!
Honami: Oh!
Ichika: It's fine, I wasn't waiting that long. How's your health? Are you feeling okay?
Saki: I'm feeling great! So you have to keep your promise and accompany me later!
Ichika: Okay. You said you wanted to buy something?
Saki: Yes! And I brought along my life savings for it!
Saki: Come on, to the musical instrument store we go!
Honami: (Musical instrument store? Are the two of them going to start a band together?)
Honami: That sounds fun...
Classmate: Hm? What's the matter?
Honami: Oh, no. It's nothing.
Honami: (Sounds fun, huh...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: (We played a song together with Miku that day...)
Honami: (The apple pie I had yesterday... We used to eat that together in the past, too.)
Classmate: Honami? Something wrong?
Honami: Oh... Sorry, I'm coming!
Classmate: Hey, you're really out of sorts today. You sure everything's okay?
Honami: Yes. I was just thinking about the questions in the workbook, that's all.
Classmate: Okay? Well, if you're sure...
Honami: Yes, I'm quite sure. Let's go back.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Shiho: That went pretty well just now. Don't forget this feeling.
Saki: Okay then, one more time while I still remember!
(Black cut)
Saki: Yes, that felt great! We've gotten better, haven't we?
Shiho: Yes, a little.
Saki: What? Only a little?
Saki: We were at elementary school level the other day, but we've hit high school level today, right?
Honami: Haha... After all, we were downright terrible the first time we played for Miku.
Ichika: Yes. We've definitely gotten better since then, though.
Shiho: Your first mistake was using that as a benchmark.
Shiho: Also, to you, high school level just means we're good for the school festival or something, right?
Shiho: No proper live house is going to allow a band like that to perform on their stage.
Honami: Live house...
Honami: That sounds nice. I would love to perform in front of an audience one day as a proper band.
Saki: Yeah! We'll need to have major milestones like that if we're going to become a real band together!
Shiho: Not at our current level we aren't.
Ichika: For now, let's practice hard and get better. And then eventually...
Saki: Wait! There's something else we need besides good skills!
Ichika: What?
Saki: Costumes! We don't have stage costumes, yet!
Shiho: Just wear something casual. The audience will be there to listen to our songs, not see our clothing...
Saki: But if we're going to be performing in front of an audience, it'll be much better to have proper costumes!
Honami: Oh... I think I may know where to find some good ones...
Saki: Really?!
Honami: Yes. Does everyone have a bit of time after this?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: Hello, Luka and Miku.
Luka: Hello, everyone, and welcome.
Miku (Ln): Welcome! Here to practice again today?
Honami: Actually, I wanted to make sewing patterns of the costumes we wear when performing in this SEKAI.
Miku (Ln): Sewing patterns?
Luka: That means...you intend to make another set of these costumes for yourselves?
Miku (Ln): Is that even possible?
Honami: Yes! It won't be the exact same costume, but making something similar is definitely possible.
Saki: Hona's in the home economics club, so she can cook and sew really well!
Luka: Oh, that sounds lovely.
Miku (Ln): Hey, how do you make sewing patterns? Can I see?
Honami: Yes, of course.
(Black cut)
Honami: Ichika's belt is like this... Oh, so that's how this ornament is designed...
Luka: I'm not very familiar with tailoring myself, but you're just drawing out the sewing pattern directly without making any sketches of the costume design first?
Saki: Oh, well... It's because Hona can't really draw very well...
Luka: Huh?
Saki: Hona has a very unique way of sketching pictures... You could say she's a master artist...in a sense.
Luka: Wouldn't a master artist be great at drawing?
Ichika: Hahaha...
Shiho: Her drawings are truly something else.
Saki: Shiho, quiet!
Honami: I heard everything...
(Black cut)
Honami: Okay, that's all of us. As for the boots and accessories, we'll just have to search around for similar ones.
Saki: Hm, if only we could just bring those clothes back with us. Then you wouldn't have to go through the trouble of making them all over again.
Honami: Even so, it's always good to have backups. Also, I really enjoy such work, so it's fine!
Miku (Ln): If you're going to be making them from scratch, you should add in your own preferences too.
Luka: Yes. Since you'll be getting your own boots and accessories, wouldn't it be more fun to buy something that you liked?
Honami: Yes, you do make a good point. Shall we all do that together?
Miku (Ln): Now that you've got the perfect costumes, go out there and sing the song of your feelings to as many people as you can!
Honami: We will!
(Black cut)
