112_Honami Mochizuki_R3 Rest Well (event_1)

Gacha phrase: Please get better soon, Saki.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Saki: Hooooona♪
Honami: Ah! Saki! You've recovered from your cold already?
Saki: Yup! I'm as healthy as can be, as you can see!
Honami: That's good. I'm glad you're all better now.
Saki: Yeah. Thanks for taking me home the other day.
Saki: Now I'm all recovered, and my appetite is great too!
Saki: Speaking of appetite, do you wanna have lunch together today? I'll ask Ichi and Shiho too!
Honami: Okay. I'll see you at lunch time, then.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-B]

Honami: Hello.
Honami's Classmate A: Morning. You were talking with Tenma just now?
Honami: Huh? Yes, but how did you know?
Honami's Classmate B: Because Tenma called your name so loudly, we could hear it all the way from the classroom.
Honami's Classmate A: She said something about being as healthy as can be, too.
Honami's Classmate B: Actually, that caught my attention somewhat. Did Tenma fall sick again?
Honami: Yes, a while ago. Oh, but she's completely fine now.
Honami's Classmate A: Okay, that's great!
Honami: Thanks for your concern for her, though.
Honami's Classmate B: Hehe. You're welcome!
Honami's Classmate A: Huh? What's with that weird grin on your face? Hehe... Hehehe...
Honami's Classmate B: Hey! It's not THAT funny!
Honami: Hehehe.
Honami's Classmate A: But it must be nice to be together with your childhood friends like that.
Honami: Hm?
Honami's Classmate A: Well, I had a childhood friend too, but she moved away when we were still in elementary school.
Honami's Classmate A: We wrote to each other for a while, but one day, she just stopped replying.
Honami: Hmm...
Honami's Classmate A: That's why I think it's really nice that you're getting along so well with your childhood friends even now.
Honami: I had no idea...but thank you for telling me about your experience.
Honami's Classmate A: Haha. You did tell us what was important to you too! So I thought it's probably okay to share mine.
Honami's Classmate B: Oh, you're such a nice girl!
Honami's Classmate A: Hey, stop that! Stop clinging to me!
Honami's Classmate B: I would never have stopped writing to such a nice girl like you! Right, Honami?
Honami: Hehe. That's right!
Honami: (Both of them are so kind.)
Honami: (After entering high school, I managed to patch things up with Ichika, Shiho and Saki.)
Honami: (And because of that, I even made these wonderful friends in class. I'm so grateful.)
Honami: (I have to keep treasuring everyone.)
Honami's Classmate A: Hey, we should probably studying for that first period quiz.
Honami's Classmate B: Huh? Quiz? What're we having in the first period again?
Honami: Mathematics.
Honami's Classmate B: No way! I haven't done any studying for it at all! H-Honami...
Honami: Sure. I'll tell you what sections are more likely to appear in the quiz.
Honami's Classmate B: I knew I could count on you, Honami! Thanks!
Honami: Hehe, you're most welcome.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: Snacks, check! Drinks, check!
Saki: Now, Hona, serve the main dish!
Honami: Hehe. Coming right up.
Ichika: Main dish? I thought Honami brought photos?
Saki: Putting it this way helps us to get into the mood!
Honami: Here. The photos from the planetarium the other day.
Shiho: Wow... That's a lot of photos.
Saki: Yeah! Hona, was it tough for you to get these printed?
Honami: Not at all! There are self-service photo printing booths in most major electronics stores these days.
Honami: It's easy to print photos from your smartphone with them.
Honami: Actually, it's so easy that I ended up printing too many because I wanted them all.
Ichika: That's nice. Ah... Hehe, look at this one.
Shiho: Hehe. Saki, your eyes are half-closed here.
Saki: Huh? Hey, why did you put this weird-looking face of mine right in the middle of everything?
Saki: You didn't have to print bad shots like this!
Honami: Hehe, I'm sorry, but when I saw it, it was just too funny to ignore.
Saki: That's it! I'm gonna look for funny face pictures of everyone now!
Shiho: Okay, let's see who can find the weirdest photo first.
Saki: You're on! Ready... Go!
Ichika: Ah...
Saki: You found something, Ichi?!
Ichika: Not really a funny picture. It's a picture of Miku and Luka.
Honami: Yes. I printed it out because I was going to pass it to them the next time we go to SEKAI.
Saki: Aww... Both of them are smiling. They must've really enjoyed the play-planetarium experience!
Honami: Yes, and I'm glad.
Honami: Oh, I was also thinking of making a photo book of sorts.
Honami: So that we can leave some tangible memories behind.
Saki: Whoa, great idea! I should do something like that for the memories of my youth life too!
Saki: Oh, but how many pages will be enough? I need to put in my memories with Ichi, Shiho, and Hona, as well as those with my classmates...
Saki: I also need to leave space for memories with future friends from other classes, and then...
Shiho: Why are you making space for people who aren't even your friends yet?
Saki: Because I have a good feeling we'll become friends soon!
Honami: That's nice. Which classes are they from?
Saki: From Shiho and Hona's classes, of course!
Honami: How so?
Shiho: Oh, I remember. You know Minori from my class, right?
Saki: Yeah! My first friend outside my own class!
Saki: I have this part-time job I applied for because the uniforms were so cute, and Minori's working there too!
Shiho: I did hear about that. Your shifts overlapped for the first time on your third day of work or something, right?
Saki: Yup yup! We were so surprised to see each other!
Ichika: Hanasato is pretty close to Kiritani from our class, so we meet her in school quite often too.
Saki: Exactly! So I'm going to use Operation: Friend of My Friend Is Also My Friend to make a whole new network of friends♪
Saki: Which is why, Hona, you should absolutely introduce your friends to me too!
Honami: Sure!
Honami: (Saki is so amazing.)
Honami: (I've always thought I should cherish both the friends in my class as well as Saki, Ichika, and Shiho.)
Honami: (I would view them differently. Friends on the one side, and then Saki, Ichika, and Shiho on the other.)
Honami: (But...there's no reason to separate them like this at all.)
Honami: Hey, everyone.
Honami: I'll be asking my class friends to have lunch together one of these days. Would you like to join us then?
Shiho: Huh? You mean us?
Honami: Yes. I think it would be nice for us to eat together.
Ichika: If it's okay with you, we don't mind at all, Honami.
Saki: Of course I'm joining! I can't wait, Hona!
Honami: Okay, thank you!
(Black cut)
