172_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Welcome To The Nightmare (event_13)

Gacha phrase: N-No! Stay back!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Tsukasa: How about that one? Phenny's Nightmare!
Shiho: That's a haunted house, right?
Emu: Yup! It's a little dark and creepy just like its name suggests!
Emu: Alright, let's go inside☆
Shiho: ...
Honami: ...?
(Black cut)
Honami: So this is the fun sort of haunted house that you and Tsukasa were talking about...?
Emu: Yup! It's really fun, I promise♪
Honami: (It looks like your standard haunted house from the outside, but they're saying it's not scary at all so... I should be okay, right?)
Honami: Oh, it says here to go inside two at a time. Should we split into pairs?
Saki: Okay! I'll go with you, Hona!
Honami: Yeah, okay.
Ichika: Wait, the two scaredy cats are going together...?
Saki: Don't worry♪ It's a family-friendly attraction. That means it's okay for kids too, right?
Saki: So there can't be anything in there that would frighten high schoolers like us!
Shiho: Someone's feeling brave, aren't they? Don't run to me crying to me afterwards.
Honami: (I thought Shiho seemed a bit down just now, but maybe it was just me...)
(Black cut)
Staff: Alright, is the next pair ready to go in?
Saki: Yes, we are♪ Let's go, Hona!
Honami: O-Okay!
Honami: (It's a family-friendly attraction... It's fine... I'll be fine!)
(Black cut)
Saki's Voice (Saki): Eeek! A skeleton! Get away! Get away!
Honami's Voice (Honami): Noooo! Don't come this way...!
Tsukasa: ...?!
Nene: Are they really going to be okay? They're screaming so loud, I can hear them out here...
Emu: That must be because they're having sooo much fun! This haunted house is one of my favorites, so I'm super glad!
Tsukasa: How can you say that when they're SCREAMING?! Saki! Honami! Are you okay?!
(Black cut)
Honami: Sigh...
Shiho: Are you okay, Honami? Here, have some juice.
Honami: Thanks, Shiho. Where did Saki go...?
Shiho: She went to ride the teacups one more time.
Honami: I see. Everyone's so energetic...
Shiho: I guess that haunted house really took its toll on you, Honami...
Honami: Oh, Shiho, you meanie...
Honami: (Hmm...I guess I was just imagining things...)
Shiho: Hm? Is something wrong?
Honami: Oh, um... That haunted house was really scary, wasn't it?
Shiho: Really? I thought you and Saki screaming was the only scary part.
Shiho: I didn't even know you could be that loud.
Honami: W-Was it really that bad?!
Shiho: If recording videos wasn't prohibited, I might've saved even just the soundtrack of what happened.
Honami: Oh, thank goodness you can't do that here...
Shiho: Hehe...
Honami: (I must have been wrong about her. She seems like she's enjoying herself.)
Shiho: Saki and the rest of the bunch should be back soon.
Honami: Right. Let's go then!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-B]

Honami: Okay...!
Emu: Lunch time♪ Lunch time♪ What to have for lunch time...?
Honami: Um, Emu. Are you free now?
Emu: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Emu: Time to dig in☆
Honami: Yes, let's eat!
Honami: (It's nice to get to eat lunch with Emu.)
Emu: Doesn't this wonderful sunshine make you feel like we're on a picnic?
Emu: And isn't this the first time that we've ever lunch together? You know, just the two of us?
Emu: Oh, except that time we had apple pies together at that bakery!
Honami: It wasn't even that long ago, but it somehow feels nostalgic.
Honami: By the way, I wanted to thank you for showing me your amazing show.
Honami: The last time we went to Phoenix Wonderland was so long ago, we all just let the kid inside of us sort of take over.
Emu: Hehehe. That's okay, you were having fun! Come and play again anytime!
Honami: Hehe. It's almost like you're inviting me over to your house.
Honami: (But since her family owns the theme park, maybe it is her home in a way.)
Honami: (And it must be a very important place to her, judging from how she guided us through the park so thoroughly.)
Honami: Emu, maybe you won't remember since it was a while ago...
Honami: But you once snuck up on me in the corridor and really startled me...
Emu: Yup, I remember! You had the best reaction too!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Emu: Ta-da!
Honami: Ahh?!
Honami: What... Emu?!
Emu: Gotcha!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: Hehe. I guess it was funny.
Honami: Do you remember what you asked me after that? About why I looked so upset?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Honami: Well... I was in the brass band in middle school, so I had a trip down memory lane, that's all.
Emu: Really?
Honami: Y-Yes. That's all. Really.
Emu: Mhm...
Honami: Ahaha...
Honami: (I hope my smile is convincing enough...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: I said I was just lost in some memories, but that was a lie.
Honami: Back then I was avoiding Saki and the others.
Emu: Huh? Why?
Honami: It's a long story, but would you mind listening?
Emu: Of course not!
Honami: Back in junior high, my classmates would often ask me for advice...
Honami: I wanted to be helpful to all of them, but they accused me of being insincere and pretending to be everyone's friend to avoid choosing sides.
Honami: They started bullying me by pretending I didn't exist.
Emu: What...?!
Honami: Ichika noticed what was happening and became really worried about me...
Honami: But I was too scared to ask her for help, and I ended up avoiding her instead...
Honami: That carried through into high school...
Emu: Honami...
Honami: That day you startled me and asked about it, Saki also tried to talk to me. Several times too, but I ran away every time...
Honami: Like you said, it made me upset. Really upset... And I hated myself for treating Saki that way too, but just couldn't help it.
Honami: But when you asked me if I was really okay, I felt so happy.
Honami: Telling you about it made me feel so much better.
Emu: Really?
Honami: Yes. Back then, I couldn't get myself to tell anyone the truth...
Honami: But I'm really grateful that you tried to reach out to me, so thank you.
Emu: Hehehe! You’re super duper welcome!
Honami: Oh, and one more thing. I finally fulfilled our promise too.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Emu: Honami! Once our show's ready, you have to come watch, okay?!
Emu: Then you'll definitely be able to smile from the heart!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: I did smile from the heart watching your show, like you said.
Honami: So thank you for that too!
Emu: No probs♪ You're super duper extra welcome!
Emu: We'll keep putting on more shows to make more and more people smile!
Emu: So you'll have to come again and again and again to see us on stage!
Honami: I promise I will!
(Black cut)
