208_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Unseen Feelings (event_20)

Gacha phrase: I wonder what it's like to go pro.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shizuku Hinomori)

[One day, during lunch]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom]

Honami: Excuse me. My name is Honami Mochizuki and I'm here for the cleanup committee meeting.
Shizuku: Oh, Honami! I've been looking forward to seeing you.
Honami: Hello, Shizuku. I've been looking forward to today as well.
Shizuku: Oh, that's right... I heard that band practice has been a little tough lately.
Shizuku: Shii's been coming home so late even when she doesn't have to go to work.
Honami: I'm sorry for keeping her out so late...
Honami: Shiho works with each of us during practice and it takes away from her own time too. She ends up having to wait until later to work on her own part...
Shizuku: Oh, don't mind that. I'm sorry for not choosing my words better...
Shizuku: I know that Shii's a hard-working girl, so it's not surprising that she's doing that...
Shizuku: I also know that resting is just as important as practicing, Honami...
Honami: Shizuku... Thank you for being so considerate of us.
Honami: You're right about needing to rest. We'll make sure not to overdo things.
Honami: We've been thinking about performing in our own show, so that might've gotten us a little worked up.
Shizuku: A show? Oh, that's why you've been working so hard!
Shizuku: When will it be? And where? I'll definitely come and see it!
Honami: I'm sorry, but we still don't know yet... I promise to tell you when we do.
Honami: But I'm worried about what's going to happen. I always get so nervous in those situations...
Shizuku: Oh? Weren't you in the junior high brass band, Honami? I thought you'd be used to performing in front of others by now.
Honami: Yes, I do have some experience but...
Honami: The drummer is like the musical foundation that supports the entire band according to Shiho...
Honami: If I don't play well, I may end up bringing everyone else down with me, and the audience won't know how hard we worked to get on stage.
Honami: I need to build up my confidence and make sure that I can do my best.
Shizuku: I see... I didn't know just how important the drums are...
Honami: Yes... There's something else that's been bothering me as well...
Shizuku: Is it about Shii...?
Honami: Oh, yes...! Um, she hasn't been herself lately...
Honami: Ichika's under the impression that we're just not at her level yet and she's actually been practicing on her own.
Honami: But I'm wondering if that's really the whole story. I feel like we don't have the entire picture yet...
Shizuku: I see...
Shizuku: Shii hasn't been able to tell you yet...
Honami: Shizuku...?
Shizuku: Oh, it's nothing! Ignore that last part!
Shizuku: But I'm sure working with Shii is no easy task either, right?
Honami: Y-Yes, she's very hard on us...
Honami: But that's also the reason that I've gotten better and I understand what she's trying to do with us.
Honami: That's why I feel like we need to do everything we can to make sure her efforts don't go to waste.
Shizuku: Okay...
Honami: And for Saki's sake too...
Honami: She's out of the hospital and her life is finally back to normal, so she wants to make up for all the time she lost.
Honami: Our band is a part of her memories. I want to cherish it as much as possible!
Shizuku: You're such good girls...
Shizuku: Honami, would it be alright if I asked something of you...?
Honami: Yes, of course...
Shizuku: Please... Look after Shii...
Honami: Huh...?
Honami: (Is this about her taking on more than she can handle...?)
Honami: Um... Yes, I will. I'll do what I can!
Shizuku: Thank you very much.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-B]

Honami: (There aren't any committee meetings today, so I guess we'll all just meet up and head off to practice.)
Honami: (We decided to try to become pros with Shiho, so we need to start practicing more than ever now.)
Classmate A: Honami, wanna go home together? We're going to a karaoke place!
Honami: Oh, thank you for the invitation, but I'm sorry. I have band practice today so...
Classmate A: Whoa, today too?! You guys are working so hard!
Classmate B: Yeah, they are! And you're starting to get this aura around you, Honami!
Honami: Huh? Me?
Classmate A: You've pretty much stopped trying to beat around the bush and just clearly say if something can or can't be done.
Classmate B: Exactly. You've even been proposing a lot of ideas during class meetings and stuff too.
Honami: Hehe. I have?
Classmate B: Oh, at this rate, I might just end up falling for you, Honami...!
Classmate A: What?! No way! I'm not letting you have her!
Honami: Hehe. Oh, you two...!
Shiho: Honami, about practice today... Hm...?
Classmate A: Oh! Hi, Hinomori!
Classmate B: We should probably get going soon. Later, Honami!
Honami: Okay. See you tomorrow!
Honami: Thanks for waiting, Shiho.
Shiho: That's okay, I just got here. Um, did I interrupt something there?
Honami: No, we were just about to wrap things up, so don't worry about that.
Honami: But where are Saki and Ichika?
Shiho: Their homeroom session hasn't ended yet.
Honami: Okay. How about we wait for them in the courtyard?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Honami: The weather's so nice today.
Shiho: ...
Honami: Hm? Shiho?
Shiho: Oh, sorry. I was thinking about something and...
Shiho: Honami, how have things been going between your classmates...?
Honami: Everything's great. We're getting along just fine now.
Shiho: Oh, okay. That's good...
Honami: Hehe. That reminds me. Some of the other girls were saying that I'm starting to get some sort of aura.
Honami: Something about being able to better express myself and saying what's on my mind.
Shiho: Huh? Okay.
Honami: What do you think, Shiho...?
Shiho: Hm? What do you mean?
Honami: Have I changed?
Shiho: ...
Honami: *Gasp*! No, wait! Please ignore everything I just said!
Honami: Haha... I probably shouldn't be so focused on how other people view me so...
Shiho: Maybe, but...
Shiho: The fact that you understand that speaks volumes about you, doesn't it?
Honami: Oh...
Honami: Hehe. I see. Then it's not all bad.
Shiho: ...
Shiho: But an aura?
Shiho: Well, if you becoming some sort of idol in your classmates' eyes makes you feel better, then I expect to hear some good beats from you today.
Honami: Huh?
Honami: Oh no... I just made things harder for myself...
Honami: (But come to think of it...)
Honami: Um, Shiho. I actually talked with your sister about what happened the other day.
Shiho: With Shizuku?
Honami: Yes. She was concerned about how you were feeling then too and we ended up talking about it...
Honami: At the end of that conversation, she asked me to look after you, Shiho...
Shiho: She did...?
Honami: She did. I didn't understand what she actually meant by that at the time but...
Honami: Looking back, I now know that she was worried about how we weren't being open with each other. She seemed to already know what was going on then.
Shiho: You're probably right. She wouldn't leave me alone either...
Shiho: I talked to her after that too about the show, us, everything...
Honami: I see... Hehe. You're lucky to have her as your big sister.
Shiho: Yeah... Except how she seems to know more about me than I do myself. That's sort of straight out of a stalker flick.
Saki: Shiho, Hona, thanks for waiting!
Ichika: Sorry for being so late.
Honami: No, don't worry about it. We were having a conversation about Shizuku...
Shiho: More to the point, Honami says she'll drum for us today like never before.
Honami: What?! Sh-Shiho...!
Ichika: Oh, is that so?
Saki: Cool! I can't wait♪
Honami: Shiho...! This is getting out of control!
(Black cut)
