259_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Swimming Lessons in the Sea (event_30)

Gacha phrase: Saki, you're doing great!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

[Beach]

Honami: Okay, this rice is coming along nicely. All that's left is to get the curry ready...
Saki: Alright!
Kohane: I've helped my mom cook before, but never really made anything before myself. I hope it turns out okay...
Saki: We'll be fine♪ I'm in the same boat as you.
Saki: More importantly, we have Chef Hona in our group. Whatever we make is guaranteed to be delicious!
Honami: It's a pretty standard curry recipe too, so I'm sure we won't have much trouble with it...
Kohane: Right, okay...
Emu: I'm back☆ I was first in line for ingredients!
Honami: Thank you, Emu. Let's start prepping the vegetables.
(Black cut)
Saki: No, my eyes...! This always happens when I chop onions!
Emu: Really? My eyes are fine.
Saki: What?! How?! Are my onions stronger or something?!
Honami: Saki, be careful! You'll hurt yourself if you don't look where you're chopping.
Saki: S-Sorry! I promise to be more careful!
Honami: Oh, that reminds me. I've heard that it helps to hold your breath as you chop down.
Saki: Does that really work?!
Honami: I think so. Apparently, it has to do with the sulfenic acid that's in onions...
Honami: As you chop, they emit this substance that clings to your eyes and nose. Your body reacts by trying to wash it away, for example, using tears...
Saki: Oh, I never knew that! So I should just try to not breathe in this stuff!
Saki: Okay, I'm gonna give it a try.
Honami: Kohane, do you need any help with the potatoes?
Kohane: No, that's okay! I'm actually just about done cutting them.
Honami: Oh, that was fast! And based on how quickly you peeled them, you must be quite the prep cook.
Kohane: Hehe. It must be because of how I help my mom as much as I can whenever she cooks.
Kohane: Oh, we still have to cut the carrots. The recipe said quarter slices, right?
Saki: Oh, Kohane! Wanna try cutting them into some cuter shapes instead?
Honami: Cuter shapes?
Saki: Yeah! Like stars or hearts! They can be little ornaments for our curry!
Emu: Oh, that sounds fun! I wanna try! I wanna try!
Honami: We don't have time to cut them all into stars or hearts, but we can set some aside just for that.
Honami: Let's give it a try.
Saki & Emu: Yay!
(Black cut)
Honami: Okay, there...
Kohane: Honami, your stars and hearts are cut too neatly!
Honami: Hehe. Yours look cute too, Kohane.
Kohane: They do? Thanks!
Honami: Saki, Emu, how are yours coming along?
Emu: Hehe☆ My stars and hearts look like... This!
Emu: I couldn't cut them as neatly as Honami, but I made this star look really big and strong! See?
Saki: Yeah, that's so cool! I really like it!
Saki: Hey, how do mine look? I kinda had trouble rounding the edges of my hearts and had to try a few times to sort of get it right...
Honami: Don't worry, Saki, they look very cute.
Honami: The way your stars are slanted makes it look like they'll twinkle as they shoot through the sky!
Saki: Hehe. You really always know exactly what to say, Hona.
Honami: Hehe. Alright, let's set these aside for now and start prepping the meat...
Honami: Hm? Oh, we're out of ingredients...
Saki: Huh?
Emu: Oh no! Th-There's no meat...!
Emu: Could I have dropped them somewhere on my way back?!
Kohane: E-Emu, please try to calm down. The roux's all done, so it should be fine even without any meat.
Emu: But... But out curry would feel so sad...
Emu: I'm gonna go see if I did drop them somewhere...
Ichika: Um, are you looking for this?
Honami: Oh, Ichika!
Ichika: A teacher said that they forgot to give one of the groups their packet of meat.
Ichika: My group wasn't given any either and got some from them just now.
Kohane: So we didn't have any to begin with...
Emu: Th-Thank goodness...! You saved us, Ichika!
Emu: Okay, I'm gonna go get some right now! Here comes the Emu Super Express!!
Ichika: Hehe. I think some other groups are still in the dark, so I'll go tell them what's going on.
Honami: Okay. Thank you so much, Ichika!
Saki: We owe you!
Emu: I'm baaack! We're all set now!
Honami: Thank you, Emu. Let's get back to cooking, shall we?
(Black cut)
Honami: There, it's ready!
Saki: Hona, our decoration carrots are ready too!
Kohane: I'm done plating the rice.
Honami: Great. I'll pour the curry.
Saki: And I'll throw on the stars and hearts!
Emu: Oh, the one on top is the one I made! Who wants my delicious heart♪
Kohane: Alright!
Kohane: These stars and hearts are so cute! Hehe. I think I'll take a photo to celebrate!
Saki: Oh, me too!
Kohane: Also, would it be alright if I take photos of us while we're eating?
Honami: Of course. Hehe. It'll be a lovely way to remember this moment by.
Emu: I think so too!
Honami: Now then... Shall we start?
Saki, Kohane & Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: It feels like it's been so long since we last came to SEKAI.
Shiho: Yeah. We were only at the Seaside School for a few days, but I get what you mean.
Saki: Hehe. It was so much fun too!
Ichika: It really was. It came and went so quickly too.
Shiho: It was a nice break from our usual routine, but I'm sure we're all ready to get back to it.
Honami: Right!
Miku (Ln): Oh, you're all here! Welcome back.
Ichika: Thanks. It's nice to be back.
MEIKO: Since you're all here, does this mean you're going back to practicing like normal?
Honami: Yes. But before we start...
Honami: We brought back some gifts for all of you.
Miku (Ln): You did?
Shiho: Yes. You've done so much for us until now, so we wanted to give back by bringing back some stuff from our trip.
MEIKO: Oh, are these fish-shaped oshikura-manju?
Shiho: Yes, they're called Fish-kura because of that. The place we stayed at is apparently famous for them.
Luka: Hehe. It's just like you to choose these, Shiho.
Shiho: What...? I know they look cute, but they're supposed to be pretty good...
Saki: Wait, didn't you say that you thought they were super cute when we found them...?
Honami: Hehe. She sure did.
Shiho: Are you sure? Anyway, Saki, you're next.
Saki: Okay!
Saki: I brought.. Sea candy!
Luka: Sea candy?
Saki: Yup! When you put one in your mouth, it turns into a burst of sea aromas!
Ichika: But it also says that they're all lychee-flavored.
MEIKO: Oh, I guess it's not 100% ocean-themed.
Miku (Ln): But they're supposed to give you the sensation of being by the beach or the ocean, right?
Luka: Yes, I'm sure they will since they're named as such.
Honami: I think they really like your gift, Saki.
Saki: Right!
Ichika: Mind if I go next? I brought a tray of seashells...
Miku (Ln): Oh, they're so big. This one even looks like a rainbow on the inside!
Ichika: That one...? Oh, I think it's the scallop shell that I found on the beach.
Ichika: I heard that polishing it a certain way makes it shine like that, so I tried it after I got home.
Honami: You spent quite a bit of time on it too.
Ichika: They were all sun-bleached white, but I'm glad I was at least able to get its color back on the inside.
Ichika: They might not be big or deep enough to use as tableware, but I'm sure they'll make for some nice decorations.
Miku (Ln): Thank you, Ichika.
Miku (Ln): It might be just the right size for the candy Saki brought us or guitar picks. Either way, I promise to cherish it.
Ichika: Right!
Honami: And finally, my gift to you is...
Luka: Oh, photo frames. They've been decorated with sea glass too.
MEIKO: Yes, these colors are so beautiful!
Honami: I'm glad you like them.
Ichika: This is amazing...! Each piece is a different size, but you got them to fit together so well!
Shiho: Yeah, that's Honami the artisan for you.
Honami: Hehe. You're both exaggerating.
Shiho: But where did you get these? I don't think I saw any sea glass on the beach.
Ichika: My group tried looking too, but we couldn't find any.
Honami: Emu was the one who showed us a nice spot where we could find some.
Saki: Hehe. We found a bunch, huh? Which is why...
Honami: Here! We made photo frames for you too, Ichika, Shiho!
Shiho: You did...?!
Ichika: You could've said something sooner... We would've brought something for you too...
Saki: But that would defeat the whole purpose of this surprise, wouldn't it?
Honami: We even made some frames for ourselves.
Saki: Yeah! So we all have a matching set!
Saki: I even brought Seaside School pics, so let's find some good ones and put these to use right away!
Shiho: You brought pictures? Someone came prepared...
Ichika: They really did... Thank you very much, Honami, Saki.
Miku (Ln): Mind if I look too? I'm sure we'll still have plenty of time to practice afterward.
Luka: Oh, I'd like to as well. Would that be alright with you?
Honami: Yes, of course!
(Black cut)
