281_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Figuring Out What I Can Do (event_34)

Gacha phrase: Eek! Oh, Shiho...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Honami: Oh, it's already this late...
Saki: Hehe. We did spend a lot of time going through all the lyrics Ichi came up with♪
Ichika: True...
Ichika: And you gave me some nice suggestions, so I'll take it from here and do what I can.
Ichika: ...
Honami: Are you sure about this, Ichika?
Shiho: If you feel stuck, you can tell us, okay?
Ichika: I am. Thanks. Anyway, I'll be...
Ichika: Oh, I almost forgot. Honami, here...
Honami: Oh, is this...?
Ichika: It's that list of flowers you asked me to put together the other day. They should all be in bloom now, so I'm sure they'll make for great gifts.
Honami: Oh, thank you so much! I know you're trying to focus on writing those lyrics.
Ichika: No, actually, it gave me a chance to take a breather.
Saki: Hm? What's this? A list of flowers?
Honami: You know how I've been doing some work as a housekeeper?
Honami: Although I'm not required to or anything, for this one place, I've been bringing over flowers from time to time.
Honami: Then I was asked to make it a part of my work order.
Ichika: So they asked you to make it official and you needed some help with that?
Saki: I didn't know that!
Ichika: Hehe. It'd been a while since I last looked up what sort of meaning each flower holds, so it was pretty fun.
Ichika: I may even be able to use them in our lyrics...
Saki: Oh, that'd be nice! Your love of flowers is bound to give you some good ideas for a song♪
Ichika: Speaking of which, I should get home and work on my lyrics.
Ichika: Thanks for staying back so late with me. See you all tomorrow.
Saki: Okay, see you tomorrow!
Shiho: Ichika's doing her best, but it's clear that she's having a tough time with this.
Honami: Right...
Saki: To be fair, I stumbled around in the dark for a while until you and Rin gave me hints I needed, Shiho.
Honami: (That's right. Saki went through quite a lot while writing this song for us.)
Honami: (My mind knows that but...)
Honami: Isn't there anything we can do for Ichika...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: Oh...
Honami: (Maybe Ms. Yoisaki knows...)
Honami: (She's a composer in her own right and has a dedicated lyricist in her group. She might be able to answer my question.)
Honami: (I can ask her and...)
Honami: ...
Shiho: Honami? Is something wrong...?
Honami: Oh, it's nothing. I was just trying to think up some ideas.
Saki: Yeah...
Saki: Hmm... How can we help Ichi get through this?
Honami: ...
Honami: (But I'm still only supposed to go to her house for work.)
Honami: (We've grown much closer, but it's probably not very professional to take my personal problems into her home...)
Honami: (Right, that would be incredibly rude of me, so I should avoid doing that to her!)
Honami: (I should come up with a way to help Ichika on my own!)
Saki: Hm? Did you come up with something, Hona?
Honami: Huh?
Saki: You looked like you were ready to do something just now.
Honami: I... I was...?
Honami: Well, I didn't exactly come up with a good idea or anything, but...
Honami: I've decided that I need to find something that I personally can do to help.
Shiho: Right. Instead of crying over spilled milk, we should think about what we can do about it.
Saki: Alright, I'm gonna do that too!
Honami: (Okay! I'll start by listening to some music and learning more about how lyrics are written.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Yoisaki Household - Kitchen]

Honami: Excuse me, Ms. Yoisaki?
Kanade: Welcome, Ms. Mochizuki. It's nice to see you again.
Honami: It's nice to see you too. Shall I start cooking and cleaning as always?
Kanade: Yes, please.
Honami: Understood. I'll start with some cleaning.
(Black cut)
Kanade: Thank you... That was very good.
Honami: I'm glad you liked it.
Honami: And here's your after-dinner tea.
Kanade: Thank you. Oh, this is delicious. It has such a nice aroma too...
Honami: Hehe. Today, I made some chamomile tea to go with the flowers.
Kanade: To go with the flowers...? Are these chamomiles?
Honami: No, these are actually a type of chrysanthemum called “pom pom mums”.
Honami: They look quite different from regular chrysanthemums, but they're apparently in the same family.
Honami: I chose these from a list of flowers an old friend of mine gave me...
Honami: Ah, but here we are. The flowers on the packaging for this tea are chamomiles.
Kanade: Wow, they look completely different. It's hard to believe that they're in the same family.
Honami: But that's also what makes it so interesting.
Honami: (When I first came here, I had such a hard time talking to her...)
Honami: (But I'm really glad that we've become so close like this.)
Kanade: Your friend knows about so many interesting types of flowers. It's like this is a regular thing now.
Kanade: And didn't you say that you're in a band, Ms. Mochizuki? I hope this isn't taking too much time away from practice.
Honami: Between practicing and writing lyrics, she's been very busy. However, she did say that it was a nice break for her.
Kanade: Okay, that's good to hear...
Honami: (I promised myself that I wouldn't bring my personal problems into her house but...)
Honami: (We're just chatting and it came up during the course of our conversation, so it's okay, right...?)
Honami: We actually just performed at a live house the other day too.
Honami: We even got a chance to play a song that we came up with instead of just covers.
Kanade: An original song? How does it go?
Honami: I have some recordings from practice saved on my phone if you'd like to hear them.
Kanade: So this is...
Kanade: (Hm? This voice. Where have I heard this...?)
Honami: (I'm getting so nervous...)
Honami: (The songs that Ms. Yoisaki and her group make are all really amazing so...)
Honami: (I can't help but wonder how our music sounds to her.)
(Black cut)
Kanade: Thank you, Ms. Mochizuki...
Honami: U-Um... So, how was it?
Kanade: It's easy to understand what sort of emotions it's trying to convey through its music.
Kanade: But that also takes away from what originality it could have. I think it needs a better hook.
Honami: I see...
Kanade: I'm sorry, I didn't mean to sound so snobbish...
Honami: No, you're an incredible composer so I'm happy to hear what you have to say about our song.
Kanade: Really? I'm glad too then...
Kanade: Oh, but... Does your vocalist ever do street performances by chance?
Honami: Huh? Sure, I heard that she performs out in front of the station sometimes...
Kanade: Okay...
Kanade: (I could've sworn that I'd heard that voice before, but maybe my mind was just playing tricks on me...)
Honami: Would you mind if I tell my bandmates about your thoughts regarding our song, Ms. Yoisaki?
Kanade: Huh? Oh, sure. I don't see why not.
Kanade: And one last thing.
Kanade: I thought that it was nice how your songwriter and lyricist both clearly thought about what they wanted the listener to feel as they heard this song.
Kanade: The extent to which a song can reach into someone's heart can change greatly based on just that.
Honami: (Reach into someone's heart... Oh, that's right...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Kanade: There's someone I'm trying to help.
Kanade: But I just don't know what to do sometimes. What would you do in a situation like that?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: Would it be all right if I asked how that person you've been trying to help is doing now?
Kanade: Okay, well... In short, not much has changed...
Kanade: But this song I composed the other day did seem to resonate with them a little.
Honami: ...!
Kanade: That's when I made this realization.
Kanade: It's incredibly important to think about what you want your listener to feel.
Honami: Yes, I see...
Honami: (I was so sure that Ms. Yoisaki never had any issues when it came to composing music...)
Honami: (But she goes through the same process of trial and error. She has to jump over the same hurdles as us...)
Honami: Making music is so difficult...
Honami: And all I can do is watch my friends as they write songs and come up with lyrics for our band.
Honami: I keep wishing that I could help in some way...
Kanade: You believe in them. Isn't that enough?
Honami: Huh?
Kanade: You placing your trust in them must be a significant part of why they can keep going.
Kanade: Even with me, your kindness is part of what keeps me afloat.
Kanade: And I only see you once a week. Imagine what your friends feel since you see them almost every day.
Honami: Ms. Yoisaki...
Honami: Thank you so much.
Honami: I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to bounce my personal problems off of you like that.
Kanade: No, it's okay. This is nothing compared to how much you've already given me.
(Black cut)
