306_Honami Mochizuki_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I'm so happy... Genuinely happy...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Honami: (Oh, Saki...? Is she looking for someone...?)
Saki: Oh! Morning, Hona♪
Honami: Eep! Oh, Saki. Haven't we told you that it's not safe to throw yourself at someone like that?
Saki: Hehe. But I've been waiting for you, Hona♪ Oh...!
Honami: For me?
Saki: Haha...! Y-Yeah! For now, let's go to your class♪
Honami: S-Sure.
(Black cut)

[Class 1-B - Doorway]

Honami: Anyway, Saki, I'll see you during lunch.
Saki: Heh heh heh. Not so fast, Hona! I hope you're ready. Now, enter!
Honami: Huh? O-Okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-B]

Honami: *Gasp*
Emu: Ready, everyone! Happy birthday, Honami!
Classmates: Happy birthday!
Ichika & Kohane: Happy birthday!
Shiho & Shizuku: Happy birthday! Congratulations!
Honami: E-Everyone...
Honami: I don't know what to say. Thank you...!
Emu: We did it! Our surprise worked♪
Classmates: We even have some presents for you, Honami! Starting with some cookies!
Classmates: We're not as great at baking as you are, Honami, but we made them ourselves.
Honami: Thank you! Oh, there's icing on them too! Hehe. They're made to look like animals. That's so cute.
Emu: And I got you this, Honami!
Honami: Oh wow! What a colorful bouquet! Are these all different flowers?
Emu: Yup☆ Everyone on the bouquet team all chose a flower they really liked for it♪
Classmates: We wanted to show just how much we appreciate everything you've done for us and ended up spending a lot of time learning about what each flower means.
Classmates: Yeah! I mean, we put you through a lot during the choir recital and stuff so...
Classmates: I'm sorry too. I feel awful about what I said to you then...
Classmates: Me too... But you persevered and were willing to talk to all of us, and that really opened my eyes...
Honami: Oh...
Honami: (Everyone...)
Honami: (That time, I was so afraid of what would happen if they all started to not like me...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: I believe that deciding to do something means you're choosing to give up on something else at the same time.
Shiho: So you have to be ready to accept that people will dislike you for your decisions. That's normal.
Shiho: What I'm trying to say is... Just do what you think is right.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Honami: I want to say something before we begin.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: (I learned that kindness can come in many forms, and I was able to muster up the courage to say what I felt in front of everyone...)
Honami: (They were willing to hear me out, and we were able to move forward, together...)
Honami: (I'm so glad that I was able to find that courage... The courage to believe in them...)
Emu: Oh no! Honami, your eyes...! Are you...?!
Honami: I'm okay, really... I'm just so... Happy...
Honami: Thank you for this wonderful time. I hope we can all keep being friends.
Classmates: *Gasp* Of course!
Honami: Thank you for joining us, Kohane.
Kohane: Hehe. You have Emu to thank for that. She's the one who let me know about this.
Kohane: And I felt that I needed to be here because of everything you did for us at the Seaside School!
Shizuku: Hehe. Honami seems so happy. I'm glad.
Shiho: Yeah... But when we sent you to go get her, Saki, I was really worried about you spilling the beans.
Saki: Wh-What are you talking about?! I... I was fine! Right?!
Ichika: The more you deny it, the guiltier you look.
Honami: Thank you for joining us, Shizuku. You too, Ichika, Saki, since we're in different classes.
Shizuku: There's no need to thank me. We're on the same committee and you've been taking such good care of Shii for me.
Shizuku: So allow me to say this again. Happy birthday, Honami! I hope you, Shii and I will remain friends for a very long time.
Honami: Hehe. Yes, I hope so too! Thank you very much!
Shizuku: You're very welcome! Oh, also, did you know that Shii's the one who initially told me about this?
Shiho: Because you'd torment me with your famous puppy dog eyes if I didn't invite you...
Honami: Hehe. I didn't know that. Thank you, Shiho.
Ichika: Incidentally, Otori's the one who invited us here.
Emu: I sure did! It was all me!
Emu: I mean, it's a birthday party♪ You should be surrounded by lots and lots of friends♪
Honami: Yes, I agree!
Honami: Thank you for inviting Ichika and everyone else here today, Emu.
Emu: Hehe☆ You're super welcome♪
Emu: Oh, we should take a picture before we forget! You too, Kohane, Saki... Everyone!
Kohane: Sure, if you don't mind!
Honami: (Saki, Ichika, Shiho, Kohane, Emu, my classmates and even Shizuku... They all came to celebrate.)
Emu: Hey, Honami! Stand next to me! Just to my right!
Saki: Hey, Hona! Stand next to me too! Just to my left!
Ichika: Hehe. Looks like they want you right between them, Honami.
Honami: Okay, be right there!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Kanade Yoisaki, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Shizuku: Bye Honami. I'll see you during our next committee meeting.
Shiho: Shizuku, wait! You're going the wrong way!
Ichika: Haha... Anyway, I'll see you again during lunch.
Honami: Okay, see you then!
Honami: (That was such a fun party. I still feel all warm and fuzzy inside...)
Honami: (Oh no, just thinking about it starting to make me tear up again.)
Emu: Honami! Did you have fun during your party?
Honami: Yes, I really did! Thank you so much, Emu.
Emu: Hehe☆ And I think your apple pie of perfect hospitality's just about ready now♪
Honami: Huh...?
Honami: (Oh, that's right... We went and had some apple pies together right after I'd met her.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: The apple pie was good, and you treated me so nicely too!
Emu: I'll repay this apple pie of perfect hospitality one day!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: You're paying me back for that? If anything, I should be giving back to you considering how much you've done for me...
Emu: No, don't say that. I just want you to smile as much as you can♪
Emu: I mean, you looked so sad sometimes back then...
Honami: You're right...
Honami: But I'm all smiles now thanks to you and everybody else, Emu!
Emu: Yeah...! You get a zillion points for that smile!
Honami & Emu: Hehe. Haha.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Oh, she's here.
Rin: Here we go☆ Ready...? Happy birthday, Hona!
Miku, Luka & MEIKO: Happy birthday!
Honami: Oh wow...!
MEIKO: Why are you surprised, KAITO?
KAITO: Of course, I'm surprised. It became so loud all of a sudden...
KAITO: Um... Happy birthday, Honami.
Honami: Thank you very much. I really wasn't expecting another surprise like this...
Saki: Heh heh heh. Didn't see a second one coming did you? We did get you pretty good this morning.
Rin: Hehe. And it went perfectly♪
Rin & MEIKO: Yay!
Luka: But time is of the essence, so we should probably get ready for that show, no?
Shiho: Right.
Honami: (Since we're doing a birthday show, I'll need to do my best!)
Honami: (I also need to keep doing everything I can if I really do want to become our band's foundation!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yoisaki Household - Kitchen]

Honami: Hello.
Kanade: Hello, Ms. Mochizuki. Thank you for coming today.
Honami: Of course!
Kanade: By the way, Ms. Mochizuki, did something good happen...?
Honami: Oh... Hehe. Today's actually my birthday.
Kanade: What? I'm sorry, I didn't know... I would've rescheduled if I did.
Honami: Work is work, so it's okay.
Kanade: But... Wait, I know...
Kanade: A birthday present... But... I don't have anything...
Honami: Please, it's okay. Don't mind me. Oh, I will need to borrow a vase again.
Honami: I brought some Nerines today. Also known as spider lilies.
Kanade: These are lilies...? I guess there are some similarities...
Kanade: Oh, I know... I can give you some flowers as a present next time.
Honami: No, you really don't have to...
Kanade: I don't know much about flowers so I'm not sure if I'll be able to pick out something that's appropriate, but I'd like to show my appreciation.
Honami: Ms. Yoisaki...
Honami: (She's willing to say this much, so we must've grown much closer since we first met.)
Honami: (Hehe. In that case, I think I'll take her up on her offer.)
Honami: Thank you, Ms. Yoisaki. I can't wait to see what you pick out!
Kanade: Okay. Oh, also...
Kanade: Happy birthday, Ms. Mochizuki.
Honami: Thank you so much!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000013/bg_s000013.webp)
Kanade: “I've decided to get Ms. Mochizuki these flowers called chocolate cosmos, and they apparently smell like chocolate. Would you mind giving them a sniff?”
Tsukasa: “Happy birthday, Honami! Unfortunately, I won't be there to celebrate with you today, but you're always welcome at our home!”
Tsukasa: “Truth be told, I've been working with Saki on a birthday song for you and I believe we're ready now! We'll eagerly be awaiting your arrival!”
Emu: “Your smile was sooo wonderhoy just now Honami♪ I hope that smile of yours never ever goes away☆”
Kohane: “Thank you for teaching me how to swim while we were at the Seaside School. It became a nice surprise for my parents when we went on a trip later that summer.”
Shizuku: “Honami, thank you for always taking such good care of Shii. It's incredible how you're both in a band now, but don't push yourself too hard, okay...?”
Ichika: “Honami, I'd like to celebrate with some apple pies but I want to make it the way you like, so would you mind coming over to my house and giving me some advice on how to make them?”
Saki: “I'm so glad that she liked our surprise party♪ But until the clock strikes midnight, it's her birthday, so the four of us should keep celebrating tonight!”
Shiho: “You seem so much more confident in your drumming now. Your performances in SEKAI sound great too, so you'll be the foundation of Leo/need in no time.”
(White cut)
(Background change)
Honami: I never expected everyone to celebrate like this. Oh no, just thinking about it is making me tear up again...
Honami: Everybody in my class is so nice too. I'm almost wondering if I even deserve to be this happy.
Honami: But I want to do everything possible for those I can help and make this year really count!
Honami: So I'd really appreciate it if you could continue watching over me and giving me your support.
(White cut)
