313_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Because You're Our Dear Friend (event_40)

Gacha phrase: Shiho, wait...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Kagamine Len)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-B]

Emu: Really...?! Th-That was Honami?!
Classmate A: Shh! Not so loud, Otori!
Classmate B: Yeah, this isn't exactly something we want others spreading around.
Emu: S-Sure, but...
Honami: Good morning.
Classmate A: Oh, Honami...
Emu: Good morning, Honami...
Honami: Hm? Is something wrong? You all seem so somber.
Classmate A: Uhh...
Classmate B: Why don't we just ask her to make sure?
Emu: Yeah, it could all be just a big misunderstanding.
Classmate A: Y-You're right... Let's ask!
Classmate A: Honami, there's something we need you to tell us...
Honami: Sure, what is it?
Classmate A: Yesterday, after school, we thought we heard you arguing with someone.
Honami: Huh...?
Emu: We were wondering if you were arguing like that because you were having a fight with them...
Honami: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (I thought that spot was secluded enough, but I guess it wasn't...)
Honami: I appreciate your concern.
Honami: I really didn't mean to raise my voice like that, and I apologize for causing such a disturbance...
Classmate B: But it really was you, huh...?
Classmate A: Hold on, Honami can get that mad at people?!
Emu: Noooo! That's not possible! Honami's a saint!
Classmate A: Yeah! Who's the one that made you do this?! Tell us!
Honami: Uhh...
Honami: (Maybe it's okay to tell Emu and these two. I'd rather not make them worry more by giving them the wrong idea...)
Honami: Please don't tell anyone else this, but I was with Shiho that time...
Honami: We were discussing something regarding our band and our conversation got a little out of hand...
Classmate A: Oh, it was Hinomori... Now it makes sense...
Classmate B: Yeah, she's like the most unwavering person I've ever met. I bet this isn't the first serious argument she's had with someone.
Emu: Maybe. You two both work so hard for your band too.
Emu: I really understand how you must've felt. I've had some not-so-nice conversations with people too and also had to raise my voice to them...
Classmate A: Yeah, I totally get that. It's like, the more you take something seriously, the more you want others to do the same.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Len: What's wrong with that?
Len: And you're trying to go pro, right? You have to work together, which also means you're not always going to agree on everything.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (They're right... And they've all experienced this before...)
Honami: Oh, but Shiho didn't actually do anything wrong in this case.
Honami: She was just trying to do something for our band all by herself and I was just worried about what would happen to her if she went through with it...
Honami: So I told her that I didn't want her to suffer on her own and asked if I could help out somehow.
Emu: I didn't know that part...
Classmate A: So you had an argument, but also found a solution you both could agree on...?
Honami: Yes. So please, don't tell anyone else about what I just said.
Classmate A: Of course! Not one peep.
Classmate B: As long as you're fine with that, Honami. I guess it really isn't something we should be telling others.
Emu: Yup yup♪
Emu: Hehe. Still, I was really surprised when I heard that you were who they were talking about, Honami...
Emu: I mean, this is Honami Mochizuki we're talking about☆
Classmate A: Right?
Honami: ...
Honami: (It really is important to clearly tell someone what you're feeling...)
Honami: (I don't enjoy raising my voice the way I did...)
Honami: (But it was something I had to do. Len was right. We aren't going to agree on everything and I have to express myself whenever a situation calls for it.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Honami's Room]

(Black cut)
Honami: Phew...
Honami: That should be everything Shiho told me to work on today.
Honami: Oh, also...
Honami: I'd really like it if Shiho could see how I'm doing before practice and make sure I've fixed everything.
Honami: She should still be awake...
Honami: I'll send her a message now to let her know about practice tomorrow and...
Honami: Let's see. Where's my phone...?
Honami: Hm? A DM from Shiho?
Honami: Oh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Scramble Crossing]

Honami: Shiho!
Honami: Sorry, did I keep you waiting?
Shiho: No, you're fine. Anyway, shall we?
Honami: Yes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Shop Clerk: Welcome!
Honami: Ahh... The smell of the apple pies here is always so nice.
Honami: But I really wasn't expecting you to buy some for me just for helping you sell those tickets.
Shiho: You did me a favor, so I have to pay you back somehow. Get as many as you like, Honami.
Honami: Thank you, but I sort of forced you into letting me help you sell them...
Shiho: If you're not gonna order any, I will... How does twenty sound?
Honami: H-Hold on! I love the apple pies here, but that might be a bit excessive!
Honami: I'd say ten is my limit... I don't want to think about what would happen if I ate more than that...
Shiho: Ten still seems like a lot...
Shiho: But ten's okay?
Honami: W-Wait, Shiho! You buying these for me still doesn't seem right...
Shiho: Then, how about you, Ichika, Saki and I split these?
Honami: Oh, okay... In that case...
Shiho: Let's do that. Excuse me. Can I get ten apple pies?
(Black cut)
Honami: Let's eat.
Honami: Nom, nom... Mmm... So good!
Shiho: It's still pretty hot... Oh, but I like how they don't use too much sugar.
Honami: Hehe. See what I mean? The dough's nice and crispy on the outside, but gooey on the inside...!
Honami: The apples still taste so fresh too. It's really hard for me to stop at just one.
Shiho: Hehe. I can tell.
Shiho: That one you had is already gone.
Honami: Oh...
Shiho: Here, have another.
Honami: O-Okay... Thank you.
(Black cut)
Honami: Thank you, Shiho. I really enjoyed that.
Shiho: You're welcome. Thanks again for helping me sell those tickets, and not telling Ichika or Saki about what we were doing.
Honami: No, you don't need to thank me. I'm just happy that you let me help in the end.
Honami: Hehe. I was so nervous about asking you that time, but I'm so glad I did.
Shiho: ...
Shiho: You've become so strong...
Honami: Huh? I have...?
Shiho: Yeah. I mean, that time...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: I was sure that if I pushed you away hard enough that you'd leave me alone, but I was wrong...
Shiho: Not only that, you've come a long way as a drummer in terms of your confidence.
Shiho: You know how to assert yourself now.
Honami: ...!
Honami: That's because you and the others have always been there for me. You're all there to support me.
Honami: (I couldn't have helped form our band or lead my class for the choir recital if it were just me.)
Honami: And you, Shiho, you're always there to encourage me and help me build my confidence.
Shiho: I guess so...?
Honami: Yes!
Honami: Which is why I'm going to keep doing my best to learn how to support all of you.
Honami: So please, ask me for help if you ever think you need it.
Shiho: Honami...
Shiho: Thanks, I will.
Honami: Shiho...
Shiho: Anyway, wanna head over to the studio?
Shiho: You want me to see if you fixed what we talked about yesterday, right?
Honami: Yes, let's!
(Black cut)
