328_Honami Mochizuki_R2 For My Dear Childhood Friends (event_42)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Lunch Break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Saki: Let's eat!
Saki: It's so warm out today. Warm enough to actually go outside.
Honami: Yes, hanging some laundry or bedding outside today would make it feel so fluffy afterward.
Shiho: Hehe. You're such a mom, Honami.
Honami: Oh... Haha... I couldn't help it.
Saki: I totally get what you mean, Hona!
Saki: It'd be great to hang some bedding out to dry and take a nap on it!
Ichika: While it's drying? How does that work?
Everyone: Haha. Hehe.
Honami: (Oh, I should tell Ichika about Ms. Yoisaki before I forget.)
Honami: Ichika, about the person you asked Asahina to hand that CD to...
(Black cut)
Saki: What?! You've been doing housework for that person?!
Honami: Yes. I was surprised to find out as well.
Honami: And then...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: Um, Ms. Yoisaki...?
Honami: Would you like to meet my friend...? That is, if you'd like to...
Kanade: M-Me meeting her?
(White cut)
Honami: Again, you don't have to if don't like...
Kanade: Okay. I'd like to thank her for the CD, so would you mind setting us up?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ichika: What? You asked her to meet us...?!
Honami: Yes, I expected her to turn it down, but she ended up agreeing to it...
Ichika: Thank you so much, Honami...!
Shiho: That's great, Ichika.
Saki: Yeah♪ Especially since you said that you missed your chance to ask Asahina about this.
Ichika: Exactly. Thank you, Honami. I really don't know what else to say.
Honami: No, you don't have to thank me like that.
Honami: I feel a little bad about not telling you about Ms. Yoisaki even though I had known for a while now that she composes her own music...
Ichika: Oh, that's right. You would know what since you've been to her house.
Honami: Yes, but only for work. I felt that divulging anything personal about her would've been unprofessional.
Shiho: As a standard rule, yes, so I believe you were doing the right thing.
Honami: But... At the same time, she might've been able to help Ichika and Saki with their songwriting if I'd asked sooner.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (There was no way for me to help them, but Ms. Yoisaki may've been able to...)
Saki: Don't fret so much about that, Hona! I have a feeling that not asking was the right answer, you know?
Honami: Huh...?
Saki: I mean, if someone else came in to save the day, I probably wouldn't have put as much effort into it.
Ichika: Yeah. Knowing that we could ask someone for help might've had the opposite effect...
Saki: Exactly! It's our band and our song, so we should be the ones doing all the work♪
Honami: Saki, all of you...
Saki: Hehe. You should also make sure to wear an outfit that makes you stand out. You know, to make sure they know it's you♪
Shiho: Okay...?
Saki: I mean, their little encounter at the CD shop's the only time they've seen each other, right? What if they don't really remember what you look like?
Saki: And if you ever get stuck during a conversation, you could just talk about your outfit.
Ichika: I see... But I'm still not very good at talking to people I'm meeting for the first time. I'm really not sure if I'll be able to make use of your advice.
Ichika: So, Honami...?
Honami: Yes?
Ichika: Would you mind joining us, Honami? I honestly don't have much confidence in keeping a conversation going with her.
Honami: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kanade: Would you mind joining us for this? I honestly don't really get out much, so I may have some trouble keeping a conversation going.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (Hehe. They both asked me the same thing.)
Honami: Of course. Ms. Yoisaki actually asked me the same thing, so I'll go.
Ichika: You will?!
Honami: Yes. So you have nothing to worry about, Ichika. But I do suggest having some questions ready beforehand.
Ichika: I will! Thank you so much, Honami!
Honami: You're welcome.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Kanade's Room]

Honami: Alright, I'll start cleaning as usual.
Kanade: Okay, thank you.
Kanade: Oh, can I ask you to come up with what to make again...?
Honami: Yes, of course!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yoisaki Household - Kitchen]

Kanade: That was delicious. Thank you again, Ms. Mochizuki.
Honami: Hehe. I'm glad you like it. And your tea's just about ready. Here.
Kanade: Oh, thank you.
Honami: Today, I made some Jasmine tea. Its aroma should have a nice, relaxing effect to it.
Kanade: Yes, it smells very nice. Without further ado...
Kanade: And thank you again for the flowers. You said this is a gerbera?
Honami: Yes, I chose a white one today because it snowed the last time we met.
Kanade: Ah, I see. But it still feels strange how a single flower can brighten up a room like this...
Honami: (I'm glad she likes what I brought. I'll have to thank Ichika later.)
Honami: That reminds me... I forgot to tell you something the other day.
Honami: My friend who “knows quite a lot about flowers” is actually Ichika.
Kanade: Ah... I knew it...
Honami: You did? Oh, did you figure it out while talking to her...?
Kanade: No, I had a feeling after reading her lyrics and hearing the way she spoke.
Kanade: I think what I'm trying to say is... It suits her style, you know?
Honami: Yes, I see...
Honami: (She's always so kind, gentle and quietly watching over us. I suppose she is like a flower in that sense...)
Kanade: Also, if I recall correctly... Didn't you say that she knows so much about flowers because she visited your childhood friend in the hospital every day...?
Honami: Yes, that's right. It feels like it's been ages since I told you that. I'm surprised you remembered.
Kanade: I remember because she sounded like an incredibly nice person...
Kanade: And she turned out to be just that.
Honami: Hehe. Thank you.
Kanade: Huh?
Honami: Thank you for showering my childhood friend with such kind words.
Kanade: Ah, you're welcome...
Honami: And please allow me to thank you again for agreeing to meet with Ichika the other day.
Honami: It felt like I was asking a lot of you then...
Honami: But Ichika was so happy about being able to meet you, so I don't regret my decision even a little.
Kanade: Then, I should give my thanks as well.
Honami: Huh...?
Kanade: Meeting Hoshino, as well as getting a chance to talk with you, her and Mafuyu, was very nice. I had a wonderful time.
Kanade: So thank you too, Ms. Mochizuki.
Honami: I...
Honami: I'm so glad you enjoyed everything, Ms. Yoisaki...!
Kanade: I did.
Kanade: Oh, but I also promised to meet her again sometime...
Kanade: I have a lot of work to do right now, so that may not happen for a while.
Honami: That's perfectly fine. We're busy practicing for a show right now too.
Honami: But I appreciate you extending the offer.
Kanade: I'm glad you feel that way.
Kanade: Until then, I'll be looking forward to our next meeting.
Honami: Me too! I can't wait!
(Black cut)
