384_Honami Mochizuki_R2 Cool Rider Lady (event_50)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Shiho: Alright, I think that's about it in terms of our schedule leading up to our next show...
Saki: Yeah! Let's start chipping away at our ticket quota tomorrow!
Ichika: We have to sell tickets every time now, right? It isn't going to be that easy.
KAITO: This is something you have to do...
Miku (Ln): Because this is a part of what it means to be in a band.
Shiho: Exactly. This is one of those obstacles we'll have to keep clearing if we really do want to go pro. 
Honami: (To think that she actually tried to do this all on her own before...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: We're still working on our new song, right? Based on what I saw today, it's going to take a few more days to hammer everything out.
Shiho: And if we have to start selling tickets to play in shows, we won't have enough time to create, practice and finish any new songs.
Shiho: So for now, I want all of you to keep working on our new song. You can leave selling tickets to me.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (But this is something we have to do as a band now...!)
Len: The four of you will be fine as long as you're together! Right, Honami?
Honami: Right!
Honami: Let's do the best we can, together!
Shiho: Honami...
Shiho: Yeah. Or in this case, divide and conquer.
Ichika & Saki: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Corridor]

Honami: (Ichika and the other said that they'll be inviting their classmates to come see us perform. Maybe I should as well.)
Honami: (I'll start with...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Classmate A: No, no, it's understandable. We were worried about you, you know? You seemed so sad lately.
Classmate B: Yeah! But you didn't look like you wanted to talk, so we didn't know what to do about it.
Classmate A: Thank you for opening up. And...sorry I said those mean things about Hinomori.
Honami: No worries! Shiho is actually very nice. I could introduce you to her, if you'd like.
Classmate B: Sure, I'd like to get to know her! By the way, do you guys have any gigs planned yet?
Honami: No, we only just started... But once we do, you're invited!
Classmate A: Cool! I'm already hyped to see you on stage!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (I can finally fulfill my promise to them.)
Honami: (But that was such a long time ago... I hope they still remember...)
Honami: (No, that doesn't matter. It's my duty to go ask them, and I want them to come see us play.)
Honami: Let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-B]

Honami: Good morning, you two. There's something I'd like to ask the both of you. Do you have a minute?
Classmate A: Sure, what's up?
Classmate B: Yeah, you seem kinda concerned.
Honami: So, my band's going to be playing in a show soon, and I was wondering if you'd like to come see us...
Classmate A: Wait, you guys are doing a show...?
Honami: Yes. You'll have to purchase tickets to see us perform, but would that be alright...?
Classmate B: Honami... You kept your promise!
Honami: Huh?! Wh-What's going on? Why are you hugging me?
Classmate B: Because that was forever ago, and we're really happy that you remembered!
Classmate A: Anyway, when are you guys playing? Also, how much are the tickets? I just got my paycheck from work, so money's no object for me right now!
Classmate B: How many songs do you get to play? I'll make sure to try listening to them beforehand!
Honami: Hehe. Alright, one at a time.
(Black cut)

[After school]

Shiho: Honami... I'm about to head off to practice. Wanna go together?
Honami: Oh, Shiho! I'll be right there! I just need another minute to pack!
Classmate B: Anyway, let's head to club.
Classmate A: Okay.
Classmate A: Honami told us all about your upcoming show, Hinomori.
Classmate B: We've been wondering what kind of music your guys' band plays.
Classmate B: So we're really looking forward to seeing you on stage!
Shiho: We promise to give you a good performance.
Classmate A: Awesome! Anyway, Honami, see you later!
Honami: See you tomorrow!
Shiho: You asked them to come see us...?
Honami: Yes. I'll need to keep polishing my drumming to give them a good show.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-B]

Honami: Good morning.
Classmate A: Morning, Honami!
Classmate B: Oh, your band's playing this weekend, right?
Honami: Yes. Do you think you'll be able to get to the live house okay?
Classmate B: We're all set! Our tickets even have maps drawn on the back!
Classmate A: Speaking of which, have you already invited Otori?
Honami: Yes, I did... Unfortunately, she said she's going to be busy with her own shows that day.
Classmate A: That's too bad. I was holding out hoping that she'd be able to come with us...
Honami: (Saki was really hoping Tsukasa would be able to make it too.)
Honami: But we'll be in more shows moving forward, so you should have plenty of other chances in the future.
Classmate B: That's true too. In any case, I can't wait to see this one!
Honami: Thank you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The day of the show]

[Backstage]

Saki: You think they're here already?
Honami: They should as long as they didn't get lost somewhere along the way.
Ichika: Oh, I see them...! There! Towards the middle!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Honami: (Thank goodness. Looks like they managed to get here in time.)
Honami: Oh...
Classmate A: Wow... There's way more people here than I was expecting.
Classmate B: Where do you think we should stand? Do think it's better to be off to the sides?
Classmate A: N-No way. We wouldn't be able to see Honami at all from there. Let's try moving more towards the middle.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Honami: (I'm glad they're both here.)
Honami: (I understand that they're not used to coming to a place like this...)
Honami: (Which is why I want to give them the best performance I can.)
Shiho: Oh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: Shizuku's here too along with everybody else.
Honami: Hehe. If that's the case, we should be able to give them a good performance.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: ♪————!
Honami: (Stay in rhythm, and make each note count!)
Honami: (Wait, what's going on...? Why is it so easy to play today?!)
Honami: (Are we all feeling the same thing?)
Classmate A: Honami!
Classmate B: You're kicking butt, Hinomori! Woohoo!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-B)
Honami: Good morning.
Classmate A: Hi, Honami!
Classmate A: Your show was completely off the hook!
Classmate B: Totally! I shouted so much that my voice was gone by the end of it!
Honami: Hehe. I'm glad you both enjoyed it so much.
Classmate A: We actually wanted to tell you this sooner. Our original plan was to wait for you guys by the exit with Hanasato and the others...
Honami: You don't need to apologize. I really appreciate that you came to see us at all considering you also had cram school that day.
Classmate B: But thanks for inviting us!
Classmate B: Seeing a show in person was just something else! It's like you could feel the music rushing through your body, you know?
Classmate A: Yeah, that was such an incredible feeling! And you looked so cool on stage, Honami!
Classmate B: Definitely! Oh, before we forget... Honami...
Honami: Yes?
Classmate B: I was hoping to tell Hinomori and the rest of your band about the show... Do you think that'll be possible?
Classmate A: Yeah, I'd like to as well.
Honami: ...!
Honami: Thank you two so much! I'm sure they'll love to hear what you think!
Honami: Oh, why don't I go with you?
Classmate A: You will?
Honami: Yes, of course.
Classmate B: You're a lifesaver! That'll make things so much easier!
Honami: (This might be a good chance for them to get to know Shiho and the others better too.)
Honami: (Especially since they're all my dear friends...)
(Black cut)
