418_Honami Mochizuki_R4 A Piece Of Kindness (event_56)

Gacha phrase: Here, use this handkerchief.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kanade Yoisaki, Hatsune Miku)

[Scramble Crossing]

Honami: (Thank goodness our new song's done.)
Honami: (The lyrics Ichika came up with are so amazing too...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (Starting tomorrow, we need to learn to play this song while getting ready for our next show.)
Honami: (But before that can happen...)
Honami: Ichika, I know it's already pretty late, but please make sure to get to bed sooner rather than later tonight.
Ichika: Huh?
Saki: Yeah, she's right! Since you said pulled an all-nighter.
Ichika: I was having so much fun working on our song that I'd completely forgotten.
Ichika: Thanks, Honami. I really appreciate it.
Ichika: At the same time, I've been wondering this whole time since we met in SEKAI... How did you know I stayed up all night?
Shiho: Yeah, good question... It's one thing to be running early, but I couldn't tell that she pulled an all-nighter.
Honami: About that...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: I think it has to do with me helping out over at Ms. Yoisaki's house...
Ichika: Huh? Yoisaki?
Honami: Yes. She has a habit of staying up all night to work on her music.
Honami: She seems to take naps in between... But I can sort of tell whether or not she's actually gotten any real sleep because she seems... Different, I suppose...?
Ichika: Hmm... Different, huh...?
Saki: Whoa, Hona, does that mean you can sense people's auras?!
Shiho: Alright, settle down. You know there's no way she can.
Honami: Hehe.
Honami: In any case, you were behaving a little differently compared to usual, so I started wondering if you had pulled an all-nighter.
Ichika: I see.
Shiho: It just means Honami is just that good at looking after us.
Honami: No, that's not true. I can still do better.
Ichika: But I really appreciate the fact that you're able to notice even the subtlest of changes.
Ichika: Once I get home, Honami, I promise to have dinner, take a bath and go straight to bed tonight.
Honami: Thank you! Please get in a good night's rest.
(Black cut)
Honami: (I need to get home and start working on our schedule leading up to the show.)
Honami: (We don't have as much time as we usually do to practice, so this may be a close one.)
Honami: (And I may need to ask Ichika and the others to cut back on shifts and such...)
Honami: (Still...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (I'm sure we all want Hanano and her brother to hear our song.)
Honami: (We became scattered for a while... So we sort of understand what it's like to be away from those we care about most.)
Honami: (Also, I want to do everything I can for those two since they're calling themselves Leo/need fans.)
Honami: (So, I want our song to reach them. I want our show to touch their hearts...!)
Honami: (Which means we'll need a good practice schedule that can help us put on the best performance possible.)
Honami: (Well, that's easy to say... But fatigue's going to build up each day.)
Honami: Hmm...
Honami: (Putting together a good schedule's one thing, but isn't there anything else I can do to help...?)
Honami: I know...!
Honami: (Yes! There is something I can do!)
Honami: Okay, I'll start working on it when I get home!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[After school the next day]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Shiho: Let's start with the usual once we're all set up.
Honami: Okay!
Saki: Sounds good! Ichi, can you help me carry the keyboard over?
Ichika: Sure, be right there.
Honami: (Thank goodness Ichika seems better today. She really had me worried after pulling that all-nighter...)
Honami: (I'm sure she's fine now since we had a pleasant chat this morning at school, but...)
Shiho: You're carrying over the drum kit, right, Honami? Want some help?
Honami: Yes. Thank you, Shiho.
(Black cut)
Honami: Huh? That sounded a bit funny... We played it right, but it felt off for some reason.
Shiho: Yeah, we didn't make any mistakes. I guess that means we should take another look at the sheet music.
Shiho: We might find more spots like this, so for now, let's just focus on playing it all the way through.
Ichika: Okay!
(Black cut)
Honami: Phew... Finally, our first full playthrough.
Shiho: To be fair, we literally finished putting this song together yesterday, so I think we did pretty well since we sort of just dove straight into the deep end.
Saki: Really? You think we'll be ready in time for the show?
Shiho: Probably. This song should only need some minor adjustments, so all that's left is to practice playing it.
Saki: Alright, let's play it as much as possible and make it sound really amazing♪
Honami: Hehe. Yes, let's!
Honami: But before we continue, why don't we take a quick water break? The truth is, I brought some snacks along today.
Saki: Snacks?!
Honami: Yes. They're cookies made with soy milk and soy pulp. I'm sure we all have some room for a quick bite, right?
Ichika: Oh, those look really good! Thanks, Honami.
Shiho: You made these on top of working on our schedule... Even though you didn't get home until pretty late yesterday.
Honami: Hehe. I'm used to baking cookies, so this took no time at all.
Honami: And I was able to work on our schedule while they baked, so I didn't actually have to stay up that late.
Shiho: Okay, that's good to hear.
Honami: Oh, also. I'll make sure to bring by some honeyed lemons and lemonade tomorrow.
Saki: What?! Really?!
Ichika: That's really nice of you, but are you sure? It sounds like a lot of work.
Honami: I know. We have to stick to a tight schedule if we want to be ready in time for our show...
Honami: Which is why I want to support all of you during practice in any way I can.
Honami: I can't do this every day, but you can look forward to me bringing snacks and such.
Saki: H-Hona...!
Saki: Thank you so much! You're a saint...! No, a goddess♪
Honami: Wah! Oh, Saki, you're exaggerating.
Ichika: No, she isn't. Having the snacks you make always has this incredible calming effect.
Ichika: And you're showing genuine concern for our well-being, so thank you very much.
Shiho: That means we should make sure to take good care of ourselves so Honami doesn't have to do all the work.
Saki: Yeah! Especially if we want our song to reach Hanano and her brother's hearts!
Honami: Right. We have to put on the best show we can!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After the show]

[Scramble Crossing]

Shiho: Isn't that...?!
Honami: Oh...!
Ichika: They were both smiling...
Ichika: Does that mean our song worked...?
Saki: Yeah, I think so! No, I know so!
Shiho: It's hard to give a definite answer, but I sure hope so too...
Ichika: Yeah...
Honami: (Thank goodness...!)
Honami: (The schedule I put together had some blind spots that ended up slowing us down a little...)
Honami: (But I'm so glad I went through with all this!)
(Black cut)
Honami: Alright, see you all tomorrow.
Ichika: Oh, Honami, wait! We need to thank you again for all the stuff you made for us.
Saki: Yeah♪ Getting through practice every day wasn't easy, but your goodies definitely became the reason why we could keep going!
Shiho: She's right. It's normal to start losing motivation after practicing so much, but you prevented that from happening, Honami.
Ichika: Exactly, so... Thanks, Honami!
Honami: ...!
Honami: Hehe. You're all very welcome!
Honami: (I was worried that I'd look like too much of a busybody, but I'm so glad they enjoyed everything!)
(Black cut)
