497_Honami Mochizuki_R2 The Power Of Faith (event_69)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Rin: You're doing great, Hona! You've been staying in rhythm on your bass drum while even hitting all the backbeats!
Honami: Great!
(Black cut)
Rin: Nice work! You sounded amazing just now, Hona! You've come so far in just two weeks!
Honami: Thank you, Rin.
Honami: I've been recording myself during these training sessions to do a before and after comparison... And I was amazed to hear how different I sound now.
Honami: This means I should do okay tomorrow when we all play together, right...?
Rin: Yeah...! You just gotta keep this up and keep building confidence in yourself!
Honami: I agree. Thank you, Rin.
Honami: Oh, come in!
KAITO: Um... Is now a good time?
Honami: KAITO?
Rin: Hm? What's up? Aren't you assigned to Shih today?
KAITO: I am, but Shiho finished practicing a little while ago...
KAITO: I was wondering how you were doing since you ran late today...
Rin: Oh...
Honami: Hehe. Rin told me before we started practicing about how she first went to see Shiho by mistake.
Rin: Haha... B-But it all worked out because Hona's such a great student!
KAITO: Okay. As long as you're okay with it, Honami...
Honami: Not a problem!
KAITO: Alright, that's good to hear...
KAITO: And you finally get to play as a band tomorrow. Good luck...
Honami: Thank you very much. I'll do my best to show how far I've come!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Honami's Room]

Honami: *Sigh* Another exhausting day...
Honami: ... But we finally get to play as a band tomorrow...
Honami: And I'm sure the others have made significant improvements.
Honami: It's been so long since we last played together too. Not once since we started doing these training sessions...
Honami: I hope it goes okay...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: ...
Honami: (Shiho's gotten a lot better too.)
Honami: (Am I going to be able to keep up with her...? Will I be the foundation that supports our band...?)
Honami: (That's all going to become clear tomorrow...)
Honami: If I can't...
Honami: (We might not be able to get our song to resonate with Saku or that live house's audience...)
Honami: (Not only that...)
Honami: The promise I made with Ichika and Saki might...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika: Saki, Honami...
Ichika: Shiho honestly believes that we possess the ability to prove Saku wrong and get our music to resonate with everyone at that live house.
Ichika: So, let's do our best... Let's give it everything we have.
Honami: Ichika...
Ichika: I know that we've all been doing our best until now to put on good performances...
Ichika: But we're going to have to do even more this time.
Ichika: We'll need to do absolutely everything in our power so that Shiho will be able to play without holding back!
Saki: ...!
(White cut)
Saki: Let's do absolutely everything we possibly can during these next two weeks to give Shiho a chance to play at her very best!!
Saki: Leo/need! Here we...!
Ichika, Honami & Saki: Go!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: ...
Honami: (We may also have to show Shiho just how committed we are tomorrow.)
Honami: Oh no... My hands are starting to shake...
Honami: ...
Honami: It's okay... Just calm down...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: I understand how you all feel.
Shiho: But we've gotta do this.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: ...!
Honami: Yes, she's right...
Honami: (We have to do this... No matter what.)
Honami: ...
Honami: We'll be fine. I'm sure of it.
Honami: So... I'm gonna do my best tomorrow!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Honami: (Thank goodness our show went well...)
Honami: (We managed to get through to the audience with our song and receive Saku's acknowledgment.)
Honami: (After our last show, we didn't talk much on our way home because of how bad we all felt. But this time...)
Saki: I can't wait for our after party! Oh, wanna go buy snacks and drinks for it right now?
Shiho: I don't mind, Saki... But I have a feeling that you're gonna start chowing down on them after you get home.
Ichika: Especially since you've probably worked up a nice appetite.
Saki: What?! No, I wouldn't do such a thing!
Honami: Hehe.
Honami: (I'm glad to see that they're all enjoying themselves.)
Honami: We should also thank Miku and the others for helping us out the way they did.
Ichika: Right. Hmm... What do you think we should do...?
Saki: Oh, I know♪ Why don't we play live for them?!
Ichika: Yeah, they might really enjoy that.
Shiho: So, we're doing another show during our after party?
Saki: Yeah, why not?
Saki: Sure, they got to see our show. But this is our chance to put one on just for them!
Honami: I like it. Oh, they might enjoy it so much that they'll want to join in on the fun.
Saki: Yeah, that'd be awesome♪
Shiho: I agree that it's a good idea... But it kinda defeats the purpose of having an after party.
Ichika, Saki & Honami: Haha! Hehe.
Shiho: I'm not against this idea...
Shiho: But since they all tutored us one-on-one, I feel like we should thank them individually somehow...
Honami: Right.
Saki: Hmm...
Saki: Hey, that reminds me of how they always show a lot of interest in the snacks we bring to our after parties!
Ichika: That's right. Miku's been showing an interest in cotton candy lately and has been asking me every time if we brought any.
Saki: Yeah! Len and KAITO also seem to be pretty particular in terms of which snacks they like to eat!
Honami: Really? You're so observant, Saki.
Saki: Of course! I'm the one who actually goes out and buys the snacks after all.
Saki: I know which are most popular and which everyone likes♪
Shiho: I see.
Honami: So, do you think it'd make Miku and the others happy if we got them the snacks they really like?
Saki: Yeah! That's a great idea!
Saki: Oh, there's this one thing that Rin always talks about when we practiced together!
Shiho: You mean that super sour gum?
Ichika: I heard that as well.
Honami: Me too. There was a pack of them in the snacks we brought the other day. She split it with Len and KAITO...
Honami: But Rin ended up getting the really sour one.
Saki: Haha. I guess Rin told everyone that story.
Ichika: Looks like it.
Honami: Speaking of snacks... During our break, I remember Luka saying how it'd be nice to have some cookies that go well with tea.
Saki: Oh, MEIKO said that she wanted to try some super sweet or super spicy snacks!
Honami: We've been bringing over snacks and such so often lately that it's become a part of their normal conversations.
Shiho: Yeah, even during our training sessions, we usually either talked about snacks or played our instruments whenever we took a break.
Shiho: This entire month was filled with stuff like that, you know...?
Honami: Yes, it was.
Honami: So, to thank Miku and the others for helping us practice for a whole month, let's gift them their favorite snacks.
Saki: I'm all for that♪
Ichika: Me too.
Shiho: Then, we'll need to go out and buy each of their favorites.
Honami: Right!
(Black cut)
