500_Honami Mochizuki_R4 How Did This Happen? (event_70)

Gacha phrase: But I could trace it just fine...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kindergarten]

Honami: The old man and lady lived happily ever after. The end.
Honami: That concludes our little story. Did you all enjoy it?
Kindergartner: Yeah, it was really good!
Kindergartner: And you're a really good reader, Ms. Honami!
Kindergartner: Yeah, I love your voice! It's so kind and gentle!
Honami: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Little Saki (Saki): I love your voice, Hona! It's so kind and gentle!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: Hehe. Thank you very much!
Honami: (When's the last time I read a picture book for others? I remember reading one for Saki when she was in the hospital.)
Honami: (She even commented on how gentle my voice is and asked me to read quite a few of them.)
Kindergartner: Ms. Honami, can you read “Little Red Riding Hood” for us next?!
Kindergartner: No, read “Momotaro”!
Honami: Then, let's read both of them.
Kindergartner: You mean it? You'll read “Momotaro”?
Honami: Of course. I promise to read it, so there's no need to worry.
Kindergartner: Okay! I'll try to be patient.
Honami: That's very grown-up of you. Thank you for offering to wait.
Kindergartners: ...!!
Kindergartners: No fair! I want a head pat too!
Kindergartners: Me three!
Honami: H-Huh...?!
Kindergartner: Ms. Honami! Let's make this puzzle together!
Honami: A puzzle...?!
Kindergartner: No, Ms. Honami's gonna read some stories to us!
Kindergartner: Yeah, she even promised to read “Momotaro”!
Kindergartner: Ms. Honami, let's go outside and play tag! We're all gonna work together to catch Ms. Emu!
Honami: W-W-Wait...! I'm still not done reading these stories to everyone...
Kindergartner: No, stop! She's not done reading to us yet!
Kindergartner: Yeah!
Honami: E-Everybody, let's all just settle down...
Honami: (I-If this keeps up, they're all going to end up fighting...! Wh-What am I supposed to do...?)
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: Hehe. The children seem to have taken quite a liking to you, Ms. Honami.
Honami: O-Oh, hello...!
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: Everyone, I have a question for all of you. How many of Ms. Honami are there?
Kindergartners: One!
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: That's right. So, what should we do if we want her to read stories, make puzzles and play tag?
Kindergartners: Do them in order...?
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: Yes, we'll have to decide on an order. And I'm sure Ms. Honami will play with all of you if we figure one out.
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: Do you think she'd break her promise?
Kindergartners: No, she wouldn't!
Honami: Oh...
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: Exactly. So, let's come up with an order that'll make it easier for Ms. Honami to play with all of us!
Kindergartners: Okay!
Honami: That was amazing! Thank you very much!
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: Hehe. You're welcome. You can take it from here, yes?
Honami: Yes!
(Black cut)
Honami: (Playtime's almost over. That means we'll be painting soon...)
Honami: (I'll be fine. I practiced so much with Ena...)
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: Did you get a chance to play with all the children, Ms. Honami?
Honami: Yes, I did. They behaved themselves so well after you stepped in to help.
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: I'm glad to hear that.
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: The visitors who come to these job shadowings are always popular with the children, but you two are on a different level. They just can't get enough of you.
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: I mean, look at Ms. Emu. She's outside running around with so many of them.
Emu's Voice (Emu): Gwah-hah-hah! If you don't run, Ms. Emu's gonna get you!
Kindergarteners' Voices: No, she's coming towards us!
Kindergarteners' Voices: Run! Run away! Haha!
Honami: Hehe. They all seem to be enjoying themselves very much.
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: See what I mean? They all love you this much, so I'm sure our painting activity will go very smoothly.
Honami: Oh...
Honami: (Did she notice how nervous I am about that...?)
Honami: Yes...! I promise to do my best with them during our painting activity!
Attractive Kindergarten Teacher: That's the spirit. Anyway, I'll go get Ms. Emu.
Honami: (This teacher's such an amazing person...)
Honami: (But I'm also a teacher today, so I also have to do everything I can!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori, Ena Shinonome)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-B]

Saki: Hoonnaa! Let's go home together!
Honami: Oh, you're all here! Yes, let's!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Ichika: *Sigh* We were assigned so much homework again today. I'll have to get that out of the way somehow before practice.
Shiho: Yeah, I should get some done too...
Honami: Same. I still have to write the report for my shadowing.
Saki: Speaking of which, Hona, you taught some kindergartners how to paint, right?
Saki: Oh, can we see that picture of you with all of them again?!
Honami: Hehe. Of course. Just give me a second to find it.
Saki: That's so cute. All the kids have huge smiles on their faces!
Ichika: Yeah, and the wall you all painted turned out really adorable too.
Honami: Thank you. The idea was to make it look like a zoo.
Honami: But then, Emu said, “We should make it an amusement park where we can play with animals!” As a result, it turned into a wonderful work of art.
Shiho: That explains why there's a Ferris wheel.
Honami: Oh, if you want a better look at the wall... Here, it's much clearer in this photo.
Saki: Wow, you're right! Let's have a closer look...
Ichika: Hm? Honami, this person who's only partly in the frame... Is it Ena?
Saki: Huh? Who's that?
Honami: Oh, she's in the same group as Ms. Yoisaki, the person who I cook and clean for from time to time. Ms. Yoisaki introduced me to her, and she taught me how to draw.
Shiho: Looks like she's a pretty good artist. I mean, the bear behind her looks way more real compared to all the other animals.
Honami: Yes, she initially tried to draw animals in a cute and cartoonish way like everyone else...
Honami: But the kindergartners asked her to “draw a cool and scary-looking bear”, and she went along by sort of pulling out all the stops.
Ichika: Hehe. That sounds like something Ena would do.
Honami: Oh, she also painted a pair of wolves. One cartoonish and the other more realistic, like the one her little brother saw at the zoo and became scared of.
Ichika: Oh, I've heard a little about her little brother. I'm also curious as to what this wolf was like.
Saki: Hmm... Aha, Hona, found yours! It's a...
Shiho: Hippo...? No, a crocodile...?
Honami: Correct!
Honami: I practiced drawing crocodiles quite a lot, but I realized in the end that I should paint one that's true to me...
Shiho: I see.
Ichika: I see no problem with that. You can instantly tell that you painted it, Honami, and it really draws your attention. I probably couldn't get that effect even if I really tried.
Saki: Yeah♪ I also really love the way you painted it, Hona!
Honami: All of you...
Honami: (At first, I sort of dreaded having to paint during my shadowing...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ena: Honami, mind drawing a crocodile for us? You know, how you normally would...?
Honami: What? But...
Ena: Don't worry. Yes, some people might laugh at it because it doesn't look real...
Ena: But I'm sure someone will understand as long as you try your best.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (Ena was right. The children really liked what I painted. And...)
Saki: Hey, wait...! Hona! This cat wearing a scarf... Didn't you read me this same story when we were little?!
Honami: Yes, good eye! I was reminded of that while I read to the children, and decided to draw it out of pure nostalgia.
Shiho: A cat wearing a scarf...? So it wasn't a snake wrapping itself around a rat...
Ichika: I thought it was a swim ring...
Ichika: A-Also, didn't we take a big bag full of picture books during one of our hospital visits when we were in elementary school?
Shiho: Yeah, I remember it being really heavy. We crammed so many books in that we had to help you carry them...
Honami: That's incredible. You all really remembered?
Ichika: Of course. I remember you reading us a few stories after we lugged it over.
Shiho: Me too... I vaguely remember blurting out things like, “Why didn't they do this?”
Saki: Yeah! I remember you shouting, “Just say it already,” or, “Grow a backbone,” and all sorts of other stuff!
Honami: Hehe.
Honami: Unfortunately, I painted it from memory, so it ended up looking very different from the actual character.
Saki: You think so? I recognized it immediately.
Shiho: I couldn't really tell... But you really do have a unique style, Honami.
Ichika: Yeah.
Honami: (They're all smiling after seeing that I painted.)
Honami: (Hehe. I'm so glad I went on that shadowing.)
(Black cut)
