515_Honami Mochizuki_R3 Getting Our Name Out There (event_72)

Gacha phrase: Please stop by to watch us perform!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Live House]

Honami: Hello. We're Leo/need.
Honami: We'll be performing in the next event. We hope you'll come and watch.
Honami: (Wow, I've handed out so many flyers today. I should meet back up with the others to...)
Female Spectator A: Excuse me. Can I have one of those?
Honami: Yes, of course! We're also selling tickets to our show. If you like...
Female Spectator A: Yes, we plan on buying some. We really liked your last show.
Honami: Oh...
Female Spectator B: You guys played with anemone, right? That was so awesome.
Female Spectator A: Yeah, anemone's great and all... But your band, Leo/need... That one song you played really hit home with me.
Female Spectator A: I really want to hear it again. So, good luck with your next show.
Honami: Thank you! We'll do our best!
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Shiho: Nice work, everyone.
Saki: That went great! I handed out so many flyers!
Ichika: Me too. At this rate, we shouldn't have any problems reaching our ticket quota.
Shiho: Yeah, we should be all set by the time our show rolls around. Handing these flyers out must've really done the trick.
Honami: Really? Thank goodness...
Honami: I was actually approached by some people who saw our last show and really seemed to enjoy it. They even bought tickets to our next one... That made me so happy.
Saki: Oh, I got told the same thing by some other people! They said that they liked the way we performed... I feel so pumped now!
Ichika: It wasn't all that smooth, but performing somewhere other than our usual live house seems to have been the right answer.
Shiho: Yeah. Let's keep this up, play at more places and show everyone that Leo/need is here to stay.
Honami, Saki & Ichika: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Honami: I'm so glad that we're on track to meet our ticket quota.
Honami: It really feels like we're making good progress every day. Not only that...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Female Spectator A: Yeah, anemone's great and all... But your band, Leo/need... That one song you played totally hit home with me.
Female Spectator A: I really want to hear it again. So, good luck with your next show.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: I couldn't be happier... We practiced so hard to play in a way we all felt good about, and the audience responded really well as a result...
Honami: But we can't stop here...
Honami: It's like Shiho said. We have to keep doing everything we can to get our name out there.
Honami: But... How do we actually do that...?
Honami: Huh...? This poster... It wasn't here yesterday...
Honami: “Shibuya Festa”...? It looks like a big event. They're going to have a variety of stalls set up and a special stage...?
Honami: Hehe. Saki would love this. I'll tell her about it tomorrow.
Honami: But this stage... Are they inviting professional musicians to play?
Honami: What? “Now accepting applications for general participants”...?
Honami: Does that mean we can play here...?
Honami: But it says it's going to be at Nonogi Park. That means it's going to be a fairly big stage. If we do get the opportunity to play somewhere like that...
Honami: We'll really be able to get our name out there...
Honami: But it's such a big event... We've never done anything like this before. I'm honestly a little scared...
Operations Team: <Hello, this is the Shibuya Festa Operations Team. Thank you for contacting us.>
Honami: Oh, um... Thank you for taking my call. I just came across a poster for Shibuya Festa today and had a question regarding it...
Operations Team: <Yes, how may I help you?>
Honami: So, about this stage... You seem to be accepting applications for general participants. Does that mean amateur bands are allowed to enter?
Operations Team: <Yes, of course. We're looking for acts ranging from musicians and dancers to street performers of all kinds. The more genres, the better.>
Honami: Oh, I see...! Then... If I decide to enter, how would I go about applying for this event?
Operations Team: <Oh, you can apply by phone. If you're ready, I'll take down your information now.>
Operations Team: <However, there's been quite a bit of interest in this event, so we are starting to run out of time slots...>
Operations Team: <If you don't mind, I'll check to see how many are left...>
Honami: Th-Thank you...! I'd appreciate that!
Honami: (I see. We aren't the only ones looking for an opportunity like this to perform in front of a large audience...)
Honami: (I hope we can still get a spot...)
Operations Team: <Thank you for your patience. There just happens to be one slot left!>
Honami: O-One...?!
Operations Team: <Yes, you called just in time. If you like, I can take down your information now...>
Honami: Uh... P-Please give me one second! I need to discuss this with my friends first...
Honami: Would it be okay if I called back in a couple of minutes?
Operations Team: <Yes, of course. However, we're accepting applications on a first-come-first-serve basis...>
Operations Team: <If another person applies before you call back, we'll have no choice but to accept their application over yours. I hope you'll understand.>
Honami: I... I understand! I promise to call right back!
Honami: Th-There's only one spot left...!
Honami: I need to hurry...! I have to get ahold of the others now!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Shibuya Festa - Backstage]

Saki: Alright, let's celebrate us putting on an awesome show by getting the most out of Shibuya Festa!
Honami: Hehe. I can't believe how much energy you still have, Saki.
Ichika: Yeah, me neither. We literally just finished playing too.
Saki: I was excited about performing today, but I've been looking forward to enjoying the festival with all of you even more!
Saki: And we still have some time until Tsukasa's show starts, so let's check out the stalls on Main Street!
Shiho: Yeah, okay... Kohane and her team won't be performing for a while either.
Honami: Miku and the others also said that they wanted to see what's going on, so let's give them a holler.
Saki, Ichika & Shiho: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Rin: <Wow! Look at all the stalls!>
Miku (Ln): <And so many people. Actually, we should be able to blend in just fine.>
Luka: <This is so much fun. It really feels like a festival. I'm seeing quite a few food stalls... Oh, what's that? A shooting gallery? Sounds interesting.>
Len: <A shooting gallery...? I'm interested too.>
Rin: <But I wanna check out all the food! The girls said that they'd buy some for us, so we should see what deliciousness they have available!>
Honami: Hehe. It sounds like they're enjoying everything already.
Saki: I totally get how they feel! I mean, it's a big festival! How can you not get excited?!
Ichika: Yeah, this is a pretty big event. On top of all the usual stalls you see at festivals, I'm noticing some that I've never seen before.
Ichika: Like that one... “The Punching Game! It's great stress relief!”
Shiho: What in the world...?
Honami: I've never seen anything like that before either. Why don't we go take a look?
Ichika: “Punching Doll: 200 yen - All you can punch for five minutes”...
Shiho: “All you can punch”...? That's an oddly violent description...
Honami: It did say that it's great for stress relief. Oh, these big balloon animals must be the punching dolls...
Ichika: Oh, they look like the inflatable toys you see kids playing with at the pool. But probably more durable.
Saki: This looks like fun!
Saki: I wanna give it a try! What do you girls think?!
Ichika: I'll try if you're going to, Saki.
Honami: Me too... But I'm not sure if I'll be able to make full use of them...
MEIKO: <What about you, Shiho?>
Shiho: I'm not that interested.
Shiho: Also, I'd feel bad about punching innocent animals...
Saki: Hehe. That's so adorable, Shiho!
Saki: But I'm gonna really sock it to them! Hey, mister, the three of us each want to give it a go!
Stall Worker: You got it! You have five minutes starting... Now!
Saki: Let's do this! Eat this...!
Saki: Wh-Whoa! It stood right back up!
Ichika: Wow, it bounces back like a spring. That means you have to sort of dodge it if you hit it really hard.
Ichika: Now, it's my turn...
Miku (Ln): <Oh, Ichika, your form's so beautiful.>
Rin: <And she really unloaded on it! No fair! This looks like way too much fun...!>
KAITO: <How do you feel, Honami? Ready?>
Honami: A-Alright... I'll give it a try... How's this?!
Luka: <Oh, Honami, you're quite the...>
Honami: And this! And this! And this! And this!
Saki: H-Hona?!
Stall Worker: Wow! Young lady, you've got some good form! Do you have a lot of martial arts experience?
Shiho: No, but...
Ichika: Th-That was incredible... You looked like a veteran fighter just now...
Honami: (That was so strange... I was hitting it in rhythm for some reason. It felt like I was playing the drums just now...)
Honami: (This is so much fun...!)
Len: <Um, Honami...?>
Len: <Have you been feeling a lot of stress lately?>
Miku (Ln): <I'm not sure stress has anything to do with this...>
(Black cut)
Honami: That was so much fun...!
Ichika: I didn't realize you had this kind of hidden talent.
Honami: I-I'm not talented at all. I just hit it like I was playing the drums.
Saki: Still, Hona, that was amazing! You were able to use the muscle you gained for our last show to good use...!
Honami: S-Saki...!
Shiho: Yeah, she might be right...
Honami: But we ended up having so much fun that we sort of forgot about buying food for Miku and the others...
Miku (Ln): <Don't mind us. We had plenty of fun just watching.>
Rin: <Yeah! It looked like so much fun that I wanted to also give it a try!>
Rin: <But...>
Rin: <Some yummy food would also be nice♪>
Len: <Rin...>
Honami: Hehe. Then, let's see what the other stalls have to offer.
Rin: <Woohoo! I can't wait to see♪>
Saki: Oh, wait just a second! That stall over there... Its sign says, “Ultra Yoyo Gold Fishing”!
Shiho: Saki...?
Saki: U-U-Uhh, right! We're supposed to get food for the others!
(Black cut)
