527_Honami Mochizuki_RB Happy Birthday! 2023

Gacha phrase: All these presents...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: ♪——! ♪——!
(Black cut)
Shiho: Nice work, everyone. I think that should be enough for today.
Saki: Okey dokey! Tomorrow's finally here! I can't wait!
Ichika: Me too. As soon as homeroom finishes, we'll head over to Class B.
Honami: Thank you, everyone. I'll be waiting for all of you there.
Len: Hm? What's tomorrow?
MEIKO: Honami's birthday.
Saki: Yeah! We'll be having a party and invited a whole bunch of friends!
Len: You should've said something earlier. We could've prepared something nice for you.
Luka: I guess there's not much we can do now, but...is there anything else we could possibly do?
Miku (Ln): Hmm...
Miku (Ln): Oh, if you all have time after the party tomorrow, you guys should come over here.
Miku (Ln): We want to throw a celebration for you too, Honami.
Honami: Really? I would love that! Thank you!
Shiho: Tomorrow's going to be a lot of fun.
Honami: Yes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Honami's birthday]

[After school]

Honami: Hmm, so this can go here... My bag still doesn't quite close...
Honami: I need to make sure these wonderful gifts don't get crushed... Oh, there we go. I'm so glad it all fits.
Classmate: Sorry for all of the stuff. We wanted to give you something special for your birthday, and I guess we went a little overboard!
Honami: That's okay. Thank you for all of the birthday wishes and gifts. I'm so happy!
Honami: I'll take my time to open all of these when I get home.
Honami: Emu? Is something wrong?
Emu: I'm gonna go to pick up Tsukasa now, so I might be a little late to the party!
Honami: Huh? Pick up Tsukasa?
Emu: Yeah! Tsukasa said that he'll also be coming to the party yesterday, but he might not know how to get there!
Honami: Hehe. You don't have to worry about that, Emu.
Emu: Huh?
Honami: I mean, we'll be having the party at Tsukasa's and Saki's house after all.
Emu: Oh! Oooh! I see!
Honami: Hehe. Let's head over there together, Emu.
Emu: Okay! Off we go go gooo☆
Honami: (Hm...?)
Honami: (What's Emu holding? It looks like a rolled up poster card?)
Ichika: Honami. Sorry for keeping you waiting.
Honami: Oh, Ichika! You're all here!
Shiho: We're missing Minori, Shizuku and the others... But they'll be coming after their rehearsal so they said they'll be a little late.
Kohane: Happy birthday, Honami. Thank you for inviting me to come celebrate with all of you.
Honami: Kohane! I'm glad you're able to join us.
Saki: Alright, everyone's here so let's go!
Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Honami: ...
Emu: Kohane! Let's put up those decorations together!
Kohane: Okay! Where's the tape... Tape... Tape... Oh, here it is!
Ichika: Saki, I'll bring these plates over, okay?
Saki: Thanks, Ichi! Now we just need cups for everyone...
Honami: Oh, I can help you. It'll be difficult for you to carry all of that alone.
Saki: No! You're the star of the day, Hona! So you can just sit!
Honami: B-but, it's the least I can do...
Shiho: Now that I think about it, maybe we should've gotten more drinks and snacks.
Ichika: I think so too. I'll go buy some more.
Honami: Oh! In that case, I can go with—
Ichika & Shiho: You sit down, Honami!
Honami: B-but... Everyone's doing so much preparing all of this. I feel bad just sitting and waiting...
Shiho: Which is why we've been telling you to sit down and relax.
Ichika: Then again, I guess you are usually the one who prepares everything during these kinds of occasions.
Kohane: Hehe. They're all so close.
Saki: Oh, we've got visitors! I'll go answer the door.
???: Sorry we're late!
Saki: I know that voice!
(Background change)
Saki: Minori! Haruka! And Shizuku, too! Hope practice went well!
Haruka: Thank you for inviting us.
Shizuku: Airi wanted to come too, but she had something she needed to do at home, so she won't be able to join us. That's why we'll be celebrating, and wishing Honami a happy birthday in her stead!
Minori: That's right! We also bought some more snacks on the way here!
Saki: Oooh, perfect timing! We were just talking about how we might not have enough!
Saki: Please come in, come in!
(Background change)
Shizuku: Thank you for having us. Wow, this really brings back memories. I remember coming here to play with Tsukasa and Saki.
Haruka: I didn't realize your home was this spacious, Tenma. I'm a little surprised.
Minori: M-me too. I'm starting to feel kind of nervous!
Saki: Haha. Please make yourself at home! Hona and the others are over there, by the way!
Saki: Hello? Tsukasa? Sorry for this but could you buy some drinks on the way home...?
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Well then, this should be enough drinks for everyone! Let's kick off Honami's birthday celebration, shall we?
Honami: Hehe. Thank you, Tsukasa. And thank you to all of you for coming as well!
Ichika: Then, shall we start?
Saki: Cheers!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: Cheers!
Honami: Cheers!
Honami: (Hehe... It's so nice to have everyone here celebrating together.)
Tsukasa: Alright! Behold, Honami! I will now present you with a show—
Saki: Tsu-Tsukasa, what are you doing?! Not yet!
Ichika: Actually, we all got you a present each.
Kohane: It was a lot of fun secretly going out to buy them with Shiho and the others.
Honami: I see... I didn't even notice you were planning all of that.
Saki: Hurray! Our surprise was a success♪ Okay, then me first! Here you are!
Honami: Oh... Is this an apron? The design is so pretty!
Saki: Hehehe. Isn't it? I was thinking that this apron might boost your mood when you're cooking!
Honami: Thank you, Saki! I'll be sure to make good use of this! If I bake any sweets, I'll bring them to practice.
Shiho: I got you this dish-and-mug set... Mainly because it resembled Shibao.
Honami: You're right! It looks exactly like Shibao! Hehe, I bet he'd jump in shock if he saw these. Maybe I'll show them to him when I get home. Thank you, Shiho.
Ichika: I got you a Phenny plushie. It's got an adorable apple motif, and I thought it was perfect for you.
Honami: Wow, it's so cute! I didn't know they had this kind of Phenny design! Thank you, Ichika. I'm going to put it on my bed since it's so fluffy.
Tsukasa: A Phenny, I see! How perfect because my gift to you is these Phoenix Wonderland tickets. There are four of them, so do come with Saki and the others any time!
Tsukasa: I know that you're working very hard with your band, but if you ever want to take a breather, we'll always be there to welcome you with open arms!
Honami: Yes, thank you very much! I've seen how much love and effort you and your troupe have put into your shows. I can't wait to come and watch them.
Shizuku: Okay, so next is...
Honami: (This feels...so nostalgic.)
Honami: (Now that I think about it, back then, whenever any of our birthdays came around, we always gathered at Saki's house like this.)
Honami: (I'm so happy that me, Saki, Ichika, and Shiho are able to talk like we used to...)
Ichika: Honami...?
Honami: Huh...?
Ichika: You were spacing out just now... Is everything okay?
Honami: Oh, yes. Sorry, everything is fine.
Honami: I was just thinking about how happy I am being able to celebrate with everyone...
Honami: And on top of that, receiving all of these gifts... Thank you all so much.
Emu: Heh heh heh, it's way too soon to thank us, Honami! That's because I'm up next!
Emu: My gift to you is this! Ta-da!
Honami: Is this...a portrait of me?
Emu: Yup! I put a lot of effort into it. I think it's one of my best pieces!
Haruka: Mochizuki is surrounded by apple pies... Hehe, this portrait exudes just as much cheerfulness as you, Otori.
Minori: Look how happy Honami looks here!
Honami: Thank you, Emu! Just looking at this portrait of me being surrounded by all of these apple pies makes me so happy!
Emu: Oh, but wait, there's more! There's actually one more gift for you!
Honami: Huh...?
Emu: Ta-da! A portrait from Ena♪
Minori: Is that...Honami?!
Shizuku: Hehe, yes, it is. And look at her bashful smile! Ena's artwork is so beautiful.
Kohane: It really is. It's so intricate and captures Honami so well!
Emu: Hehehe. Ena asked me to give you a birthday wish for her!
Emu: So from Ena, “Happy birthday, Honami!”
Honami: Hehe, thank you! This work of art is so beautiful it feels like a waste for me to have it.
Tsukasa: Looks like everyone has already given their presents! That means it is now time for my performance—
Saki: Tsukasa! We're going to be playing games next, remember?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Yoisaki Household - Kitchen]

Honami: Ms. Yoisaki, I'm ready to begin...
Honami: Hm? Something smells really nice.
Kanade: Oh, Ms. Mochizuki. Welcome. This is...um...
Honami: Were you making tea, Ms. Yoisaki?
Kanade: Um...yes. I knew that you were about to arrive soon, so I thought I'd practice brewing as much as I could beforehand...
Honami: Practice?
Kanade: Yes... Here you are.
Kanade: I didn't make it very well last time, but...I think I've gotten the hang of it.
Kanade: Thank you for everything, Ms. Mochizuki.
Kanade: I realized that it would've been better to do this after work, but since it's steeped nicely already, I'd like to celebrate now if you don't mind.
Honami: Ms. Yoisaki...
Kanade: Also... Please have this.
Honami: Oh, you shouldn't have! Did you get this apple pie for me?
Kanade: Yes. Ena recommended me a nice shop.
Honami: She did? I see. Thank you so much.
Honami: The fact that you and even Ena have put in this much thought just for me...
Honami: I'm so happy.
Kanade: Even so, I didn't realize there were so many different kinds of apple pies.
Kanade: I wasn't sure what to get so I ended up buying a variety. Please eat as much as you like.
Honami: Thank you! I shall help myself.
Honami: But it would be a shame for me to have this all to myself. Would you like to join me, Ms. Yoisaki?
Kanade: Oh, you'd like me to have some?
Kanade: In that case, I'll gladly take up your offer.
Honami: Great! I'll set up two plates.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000128/bg_s000128.webp)
Tsukasa: Alright, the recorder's ready. Let's get this done before Honami arrives home. Shiho, you're up first!
Shiho: Um, happy birthday, Honami. We're always together so I don't really know what to say, but...
Shiho: How did you like your gift this year? I kind of want to see how Shibao reacts so if you're free sometime, I'd like to see him again.
Saki: Okay, I'm up next!
Saki: Love you, Hona! Getting to spend every day with you is super fun♪ Let's perform shows and practice lots every single day until we can't anymore!
Ichika: Oh, um... It's me, Ichika. Happy birthday, Honami. Let's go stargazing again and do all sorts of other things together.
Minori: Hello, this is Minori Hanasato! Happy birthday, Honami! Let's go out for a stroll with Samo together again sometime!
Shizuku: Hello, it's Shizuku♪ Happy birthday, Honami! I hope you like the fluffy Shiba Inu socks. Please do wear them at home when the weather gets colder.
Haruka: It's Haruka. Minori and I went to pick out the hand cream together. Let's all go somewhere fun together sometime.
Kohane: Oh, then I'll go next... Um, it's Kohane. Happy birthday. If you don't mind, it would be great if you could recommend me some shops that have great apple pies.
Emu: Hiii, it's Emu♪ Thank you for always helping me in class, Honami! If there's ever a time when you're feeling upset, I'll definitely be right there to turn that frown upside down☆
Tsukasa: Well last but not least is me.
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Honami! I can truly see that you, Saki and the others have an even stronger bond than before! I know that things can get tough with your band activities but don't let it get you down!
Kanade: Um, hello? I think it's recording... Ms. Mochizuki, thank you for always opening up to me and letting me do the same. I'm very indebted to your kindness, and I hope you have a wonderful year.
Ena: Happy birthday, Honami. Did you receive the portrait? I think that was one of my best works; I hope you like it. Let's get together with Emu and paint on a big canvas, just the three of us sometime!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Honami: Thank you all for your support and your birthday wishes.
Honami: There are a lot of things I'm not very good at such as expressing my own opinion or even drawing, but thanks to all of you being there for me I've been able to muster my courage and work on them.
Honami: It might not be much in comparison to other people, but I hope to change one step and a time.
(White cut)
