536_Honami Mochizuki_R4 With A Side Of Compassion (event_76)

Gacha phrase: Looks like they're both working hard.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

[Neighborhood]

Honami: ...and Ms. Yoisaki's is straight ahead.
Ichika: Okay...
Ichika: *Sigh* I'm starting to get nervous...
Ichika: I mean, was it really okay for me to ask her to teach me more about making music using digital tools?
Honami: I'm sure Ms. Yoisaki would've said something if she was really busy or wouldn't be available.
Ichika: Right... Still, I'm pretty nervous about going over to her house.
Ichika: What are we supposed to talk about first? Where do I even start? Should I thank her for agreeing to help me?
Honami: Hehe...
Ichika: Hey... You could be helping me instead of laughing, Honami.
Honami: Hehe. I'm sorry.
Honami: Starting out by thanking her seems perfectly fine.
Ichika: Yes, I knew it! After that, I should explain what my song's supposed to be about, right?
Honami: Yes. Then, you two should go up to her room to work on it together.
Honami: While you do, I'll be cleaning the living room and preparing some food. Feel free to ask if you ever need anything, okay?
Ichika: Okay, thanks.
Ichika: But I'll try not to bother you too much, Honami, since you're going over to do work.
Ichika: I mean, keeping you from cleaning and making food for Kanade wouldn't be fair to her either.
Honami: Thank you, Ichika.
Honami: But you've actually been helping for some time now by carrying half of the grocery bags for me.
Ichika: No, this is something I should be doing anyway!
Ichika: At the same time, we bought so much... Rice, vegetables... I was under the impression that you'd cook using whatever ingredients were available at Kanade's house.
Honami: I do that sometimes, but she really doesn't do much grocery shopping outside of buying instant noodles...
Honami: Whenever I go over, the refrigerator's usually empty.
Ichika: I see...
Ichika: Asahina told me a little about her the other day, but I'm starting to understand why you're worried about her eating properly each day.
Honami: Haha...
Honami: Fortunately, the dishes I leave in the refrigerator are usually all gone by my next visit, so she does seem to be eating properly lately.
Ichika: I have to think that the food you make is so good that she can't help but eat it all.
Honami: Hehe. That would make me so happy.
Ichika: You also come up with menus for each day, right?
Honami: Yes. My goals for those involve nutritional balance and including ingredients that are in season.
Honami: I usually think about what to make each day when I visit the grocery store before heading over to her house.
Ichika: That means... You have to think about what to make while shopping, clean her house when you get there, cook... That sounds like a lot.
Honami: It is. However, I also secretly give myself a pat on the back whenever I'm able to cook or clean in a timely manner.
Ichika: That's so you, Honami.
Honami: Also, the way Ms. Yoisaki shows surprise at how clean her room becomes or smiles because she likes something I make puts a big smile on my face.
Ichika: This job seems to really suit you, Honami.
Honami: Hehe. I believe so too.
Ichika: By the way, what's your plan for today?
Honami: I'll be cooking pot-au-feu and pumpkin croquettes for dinner. After that, I'm going to make some mushroom rice for later.
Honami: Also, they had salmon and cod roe on sale, so I'm thinking about making some rice balls for you two to have while you work.
Ichika: Oh, that sounds really nice.
Ichika: Wait, we've only been talking about food... I'm supposed to be learning from her about using digital tools for music.
Honami: Actually, I'm glad we did. You seem a little less nervous now.
Ichika: Oh, you're right...
Ichika: I hope we get to talk a lot. There's just so much that I want to ask her.
Honami: I'm sure you'll have plenty of time to do just that.
Ichika: Yeah... But being taught one on one like this is...
Ichika: Oh...
Honami: ...? Ichika?
Ichika: Honami, once we arrive at Kanade's house, you have to get to work right away...
Honami: Yes, that's right...
Ichika: Which means... I'm going to be alone with Kanade...
Honami: Yes...
Ichika: ... Oh no. I'm getting nervous again.
Honami: Then... Why don't we talk more about food?
Ichika: Yes, please.
Honami: Hehe. No problem. Besides the mushroom rice, I plan on making a different rice dish...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku)

[Honami's Room]

Honami: Hmm... This part... I think I can do a slightly better job of stitching it together.
Honami: Okay, that should work...
Honami: Now, I'd like to use the same coloration for the previous cut. Um, I'll match the numbers on the bars and... Huh...?
Honami: These colors aren't quite the same. But the numbers say they are...
Honami: Is it my eyes? Am I getting tired...?
Honami: *Sigh* I think I'll take a break in SEKAI and look at the stars.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI - Rooftop]

Miku (Ln): Hm? Honami? What are you doing here this late?
Honami: I was working on our music video and decided to take a little break by seeing the stars here.
Honami: Miku, you have your guitar... Were you practicing just now?
Miku (Ln): No, I was just playing around.
Miku (Ln): More importantly, you came to see the stars at the right time. There'll be plenty of shooting stars tonight.
(Background change)
(Background change)
Honami: Wow, you're right... Still, it's amazing how this starry sky always looks so incredibly beautiful.
Miku (Ln): They're twinkling so brightly because you girls have such powerful feelings.
Honami: What?
Miku (Ln): Remember, this SEKAI was born out of your feelings.
Miku (Ln): Everything here is twinkly and sparkly because all your thoughts and feelings are just as bright and shiny.
Honami: So, there's a good chance that our feelings are behind why these stars look so beautiful?
Miku (Ln): Hehe. Not a good chance. It's a certainty.
Miku (Ln): Not only have you girls evolved as a band, your hearts have evolved, too.
Honami: Our hearts...
Miku (Ln): Yes. Also, each of you is doing what you can for Leo/need.
Miku (Ln): For example, Honami, you started learning about how to make music videos for that very reason, right?
Honami: Yes...
Honami: Between putting schedules together and making that flyer, I've been wanting to make more contributions to Leo/need...
Honami: But what I was doing didn't really seem all that meaningful.
Miku (Ln): I see... I really don't think you have to worry so much.
Miku (Ln): Now that you girls are set on becoming pros, Honami, I'm sure that you're all going to keep growing.
Miku (Ln): There should be plenty for you all to do moving forward, and I have a feeling that only you will be able to handle certain things.
Honami: Miku...
Miku (Ln): I mean, it's cool how you're doing everything you can for the sake of others.
Miku (Ln): You're an incredible person, Honami, so you should have confidence in yourself.
Honami: ...!
Honami: I will! Thank you, Miku!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichika's Room]

Ichika: Hm? A message from Honami?
Honami: <Thank you for suggesting that we go with a darker tone for our video. It's turning out really well as a result.>
Honami: <Please feel free to ask for help if you ever think you need it, Ichika. I want to help in any way I can!>
Ichika: Honami...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Honami's Room)
Ichika: <Honami, you're still up? No need to worry. I've been making progress bit by bit.>
Ichika: <But I may ask for some advice if I get stuck again.>
Ichika: <For now, let's both keep doing our best!>
Honami: That's good to hear.
Honami: For the sake of others...
Honami: Ichika might be the one who taught me the value of that.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Elementary School Honami (Honami): G-Give me my hat back...!
Elementary School Boys: Heh heh. If you really want it back, take it back. Hey, catch!
Elementary School Boys: Alright, I got it now!
Elementary School Honami (Honami): *Sob* Please give it back...
Elementary School Ichika (Ichika): Heeey!!!
Elementary School Honami (Honami): Uh oh...!
Elementary School Ichika (Ichika): Leave Honami alone you big bullies!!!
Elementary School Boys: It's Hoshino! Run!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (She got all muddy in the process, but she got my hat back for me...)
Honami: I want to learn how to be more helpful. I want to learn to be cool... Like her.
Honami: Okay!
(Black cut)
