576_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Aftermath Of Courage (event_83)

Gacha phrase: I relaxed and suddenly lost my strength...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Haruka Kiritani)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C]

Honami: Um, which one's her seat again...?
Honami: Oh...!
Honami: Sorry, Kiritani... Are you free right now?
Haruka: Oh, Mochizuki... Hoshino and Tenma just went out into the corridor...
Honami: Oh, um... I was actually hoping to talk to you.
Haruka: Huh? Me?
Honami: So... I've been meaning to thank you for the other day.
Haruka: The other day...? Oh, when we talked about our solo shows?
Honami: Yes.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Haruka: Compared to joint shows, you have to think much more carefully about solo shows and do considerably more work, yes?
Haruka: So, it's pretty easy to become overwhelmed by all the things you need to do...
Haruka: However, the people who come to see you only have one thing in mind.
Haruka: They just want to see an incredible show.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: I really appreciate the advice you gave me then.
Honami: If you hadn't said that, I'd probably still be lost and not know what to do...
Honami: I'm really glad that I got to hear from you about your own solo show, Kiritani.
Haruka: It was nothing, really. I just relayed whatever information I could.
Honami: No, it wasn't nothing. You helped so much.
Honami: At the time... We were overwhelmed with everything that we had to do and I really didn't know what we could do about it...
Honami: However, your story reminded me that we have to stay true to our main goal... To play music that moves people's hearts and to make sure that they enjoy themselves.
Honami: Also, to make sure we have fun as well.
Honami: Because of what you said, I was able to muster up the courage to speak openly to the representative of a record company.
Honami: I was able to tell him how we truly feel and why we're a band at all.
Haruka: Hehe. I see...
Haruka: I honestly just told you how I felt regarding solo shows...
Haruka: However... It's really nice to hear that I was able to help you somehow, Mochizuki.
Haruka: Actually... Mind if I reserve some tickets for your solo show?
Honami: Huh? But you're already so busy as an idol...
Haruka: I am, but this conversation made me want to go see you and your band play for myself...
Haruka: So, I'll keep that day open by any means necessary.
Honami: *Gasp* Kiritani...!
Haruka: One for me... Three for Minori and the others, assuming they agree to come along... So, we'd be reserving four in total.
Honami: Okay...! Thank you so much!
Honami: We promise to bring you a really moving performance!
Haruka: Hehe. I'll be looking forward to it.
Haruka: So, Mochizuki, good luck.
Honami: Thank you...! I really appreciate it, Kiritani!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

(Black cut)
Honami: Huff... Huff...
Shiho: Good. We can play eight songs back to back without much of a problem, and we're performing each song pretty well...
Miku (Ln): I agree. You've all improved so much since you first started practicing for your solo show.
MEIKO: Yes, your overall performance is coming along very nicely.
Saki: It is?! Yay!
Saki: Hehe♪ And we have you to thank, Hona!
Ichika: She's right. Thank you so much for asking Kohane and Kamishiro to help us.
Honami: No, all I did was ask them to help. You should be thanking them instead of me.
Honami: Also, Miku, Luka, everyone...
Honami: Thank you for helping me write the introduction for our band and giving me advice about our show!
Honami: As a result, we've been able to focus on practicing.
Luka: Hehe. It was our pleasure. I mean, we weren't about to leave our beloved juniors hanging.
Rin: Yeah, she's right! And it was super fun because helping out with your show meant we got to be a part of it♪
KAITO: Right... I'm glad we were able to help.
Len: Oh, speaking of which... Did you figure out what you're gonna do about your stage outfits?
Len: I vaguely remember you mentioning that you wanted to ask someone about that...
Shiho: Oh, Honami's mom helped us with that.
Miku (Ln): What? Your mom made them?
Honami: Oh, no. Not from scratch. I just asked her to touch up our current outfits.
Saki: The ones you made for us, right, Hona?!
Saki: I can't wait to see how they turned out♪
MEIKO: Oh, I'll be looking forward to seeing them as well.
Ichika: Wait, Honami... I should've asked this sooner, but... did she get mad at you at all?
Honami: Huh? Why would she?
Ichika: Because you asked her to do this so suddenly. Wouldn't that interfere with her work?
Saki: Y-You're right...! So, did she get mad?!
Honami: Hehe. Don't worry. Actually, she was happy to accept.
Shiho: Wait, really?
Honami: Yes. How do I put it...? She was happy that her daughter was asking her for help.
Rin: She was happy about that?
Honami: Yes, she was. When I asked if she could lend us a hand...
Honami: She mentioned that she had been worried about how I hadn't talked to her about school much after I entered junior high school.
Shiho: Oh...
Honami: She said she made an effort on several occasions to see how I was doing, but I just kept saying that everything was okay...
Honami: She sort of regretted not being able to help me back then.
Honami: So, she was very happy about being given an opportunity to do so this time.
Ichika: I had no idea...
KAITO: She sounds like a wonderful mother...
Honami: Yes, she is... She even said, “It's okay to ask more of me.”
Saki: Yeah! You should be asking more of us, Hona!
Saki: You're always nice to everyone, so you deserve to get patted on the back more often... Right, Rin?!
Rin: Definitely! Especially considering how hard you've been working for your show! We've gotta pamper you a whole lot!
Len: Uh... That's a big jump...
Saki: C'mon, Hona, over here! You deserve some love!
Rin: Oh, I'll feed you some snacks!
Honami: Huh? W-Wait...! Eep...!
Luka: Hehe. What a lovely sandwich.
Honami: Haha...
Honami: However, since you're offering... Saki, Rin, if you two don't mind...
Saki: Woohoo! You got it, Hona! This is our thanks for everything you've done for us until now!
Shiho: It feels like she's not the one being doted on...
Ichika: Yeah... More like a mom playing house with her children...
(Black cut)
