586_Honami Mochizuki_R3 Beyond A Smile (event_84)

Gacha phrase: I'm glad I invited them.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Scent Shop]

Honami: Then, for now, would you all like to browse around here?
Honami: I need to head over to the crafts shop over there to pick up something I ordered.
Ichika: Oh, then... Do you want me to come with you?
Honami: No, that's okay.
Honami: I'd rather you all take your time and have fun while picking out some oils since they have so many available.
Kanade: Right... Then, we'll stay here and keep browsing.
(Black cut)
Honami: There we are...
Honami: *Sigh* (Things really added up over time, but I'm glad that I finally have everything that I ordered now.)
Honami: (Now, to return to the others...)
???: Oh, Honami, it's you!
Honami: Huh?
Emu: Good wonderhoy, Honami☆
Honami: Hi, Emu! Are you also here to do some shopping?
Emu: Yup♪ It's almost Valentine's Day, so I'm buying all the ingredients for the chocolates I'm gonna make for Tsukasa and everyone!
Honami: Oh, you're making them yourself?
Emu: Hehe. And they don't know this yet, but I'm gonna make everyone in chocolate form♪
Honami: Everyone in chocolate form...? Oh, are you going to make chocolate figures of them?
Emu: Whoa! Honami, that's right! Ding ding ding! We have a winner☆
Emu: You're also here to shop, right, Honami? Are you getting Valentine's Day stuff?
Honami: Yes, with Ichika and Kusa...
Honami: (No, wait! I think Kusanagi hasn't told Emu and the others that she's making something for them...)
Emu: Hm...? Honami?
Honami: Um... I-Ichika, her friends and I are here to buy a few things.
Emu: You are?
Honami: Y-Yes, that's right!
Emu: But you're all alone right now, Honami. Want me to help you carry some of your things?
Honami: Thank you, but I'll be okay! I've become much stronger after playing the drums so much.
Honami: See? This is... Oh no!
Honami: (The paper cups I just bought...!)
Emu: W-W-Wah! Got it!
Honami: I-I'm so sorry, Emu. Thank you for catching it.
Emu: You're welcome♪ I know your hands are literally full, so lemme put it back in its bag for you☆
Honami: Okay, thank...
Honami: (No, wait...! Th-That bag contains...!!)
Emu: Huh? That's a lot of candles... Are you guys gonna use them all today?
Honami: U-Umm...
Honami: (Wh-What do I do?! What should I say...?!)
Emu: Hmm... Paper cups and candles... That means...
Honami: (D-Did she already figure it out...?!)
Emu: I know! You're getting a birthday party together!!
Honami: No, actually... Wait, huh...?
Emu: You've got lots of candles, so it has to be someone's birthday☆
Emu: That's so cool. I've never seen anyone use so many candles at once before!
Emu: Which means you're gonna have a super-duper-extra-large cake, right?!
Honami: U-Uhh...
Emu: Whoever's birthday it is, I bet they're gonna have such a huge smile on their face when they see a cake like that!
Honami: (Oh no...)
Honami: (As glad as I am that I didn't have to reveal the truth to her, it's like I'm lying to her. I feel awful...)
Honami: Th-Thank you, Emu.
Honami: By the way, do you need any help with anything? I have some time still, so I'll be more than happy to lend you a hand...
Honami: (Please give me a chance to atone for what just happened...!)
Emu: Really?! Then, if you don't mind...
Emu: I'm looking for chocolate pens in certain colors, but the ones they have at the store are slightly different from what I'm looking for...
Emu: I just need them to be a little lighter or a little darker. Do you think I just have to keep looking around at other stores?
Honami: In that case, why not mix them like paints? That could help you achieve the colors you're hoping to get.
Emu: What?! You can do that?!
Honami: Yes. You can use white chocolate to make them lighter and red food coloring to darken them.
Emu: Whoa...! I didn't know that! Then, I might be able to get the colors I want♪
Emu: You really are the best, Honami! Thanks so much!
Honami: You're very welcome.
Emu: Okay, I'm gonna go back to the candy place again! I really appreciate it, Honami!
Honami: Of course! Please feel free to ask me more questions whenever.
Honami: *Sigh* I hope that makes up for what I just did...
Honami: Now, I need to get back to the others.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Nene Kusanagi, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Yoisaki Household - Kitchen]

Kanade: Thank you, Ms. Mochizuki. But you didn't really have to also help clean...
Honami: Hehe. It's a part of my usual routine whenever I come over. Plus, we got everything done faster by splitting the work.
Nene: I'll gather up the candles we didn't use over here... But what do we do with the rest of the paper cups?
Kanade: Oh, you can just leave those here. I use them from time to time.
Ichika: I've finished cleaning up over here too.
Kanade: Thank you, Hoshino.
Honami: All that's left is for you to all give out the candles you made today.
Nene: Right.
Nene: Also, Mochizuki... Thank you for teaching us how to make them today.
Ichika: Yeah, Honami, thank you so much. I never imagined that I'd be able to make anything like this.
Honami: All I did was teach you the basics. You were the ones who actually picked the fragrances and made the candles.
Kanade: But this was our first time making them. I think they turned out so well because of you, Ms. Mochizuki.
Kanade: So, thank you very much.
Honami: N-No, please! Ms. Yoisaki, you don't have to...!
Nene & Ichika: Hehe.
Kanade: Oh, while we're on the subject... What should we do with the leftover scented oils?
Ichika: Yeah, it'd be a shame to just toss them. Isn't there some way for us to use them...?
Honami: You have quite a few options there.
Honami: For example, you can use some on tissues or a handkerchief to add a nice fragrance to them.
Nene: Oh, that'd be pretty easy. I can do that just before I leave to go somewhere...
Honami: Exactly. Whenever you clean your hands or wipe off some sweat, they'll leave behind a nice, refreshing aroma.
Honami: Aroma stones and diffusers also seem to work well, but you can actually achieve a similar effect by simply putting a few drops into a mug of hot water.
Ichika: Wow, I had no idea.
Honami: However, it won't work as well as the items designed for that purpose, so the scent likely won't go beyond, say, your desk.
Kanade: If a mug of hot water works, then it could be nice to use it in a bath...
Honami: Yes, of course. With only a few drops, you enjoy a wonderful fragrance as you bathe.
Honami: You can even put some in the fabric softener slot on a laundry machine.
Ichika: Oh, does that also lead to a soothing smell?
Honami: Yes, but it also prevents mold from forming.
Honami: Eucalyptus, peppermint...and I believe lemon. They all work well as disinfectants and odor eliminators.
Honami: Oh, I've also heard that you can make bug spray out of them.
Nene: Wait, really?
Honami: Yes. Certain fragrances are apparently very effective at repelling bugs.
Kanade: Wow, these have so many different uses...
Ichika: They really do. In that case, we shouldn't have any issues finding something to do with them.
Nene: Yeah, I wanna try out some of the things we just discussed.
Ichika: Also, Honami, you really are incredibly knowledgeable. I mean, you knew all these uses for scented oils off the top of your head.
Honami: N-No, I just happened to know about those things. Looking up this sort of information is sort of a hobby of mine...
Kanade: In any case, I'm glad that you're here to teach us, Ms. Mochizuki.
Ichika: Me too.
Ichika: Again, thank you so much for today.
Kanade & Nene: Thank you, Mochizuki.
Honami: Oh...
Honami: I'm happy that I could help!
Honami: And please feel free to ask me any questions whenever you like!
(Black cut)
