625_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Just Get Over This Feeling (event_91)

Gacha phrase: Responsibility, huh...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[The day of the solo show]

[Main Street]

Saki: This is it. Our show's really happening. I'm so nervous...!
Shiho: Even after going on and on last night during our group call saying, “I'm so excited! I can't wait!”
Saki: Because I was! I'm so excited that my heart's going crazy right now!
Ichika: I understand how she feels. We walk down this street all the time, but it seems different today for some reason...
Honami: It shouldn't seem so unfamiliar, but it does. What an odd sensation.
Saki: What?! You seem totally fine, Hona!
Ichika: Aren't you nervous...?
Honami: No, I think I am... But...
Shiho: But...?
Honami: We have a lot to do when we get to the live house, right?
Honami: My head's been occupied by that all since yesterday... That may be why I'm not feeling that nervous or anxious.
Shiho: Actually, Honami, that makes sense knowing you.
Saki: Yeah! Hona, I'll help you with all the thinking if you share half of my nervousness!
Honami: Um, half of it might be a lot...
Ichika: Hehe. Don't forget about my nervousness, Honami. Here, have as much as you like.
Shiho: I think she's okay, actually.
Shiho, Ichika, Honami & Saki: Haha! Hehe.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Live House]

Ichika: Good morning! We've been looking forward to today for quite some time!
Manager: Yes, so have I. So, let's get down to business by starting with ticket sales.
Honami: Yes, here is our reservation list. I've placed the remaining advance tickets in this envelope.
Manager: Thank you. I'll use this to update my list.
Honami: Thank you. Also, about our timetable and set list...
Saki: Oh, Ichi, look! Hona's like a cool businesswoman♪
Ichika: Hehe. I mean, Honami is Honami.
Honami: I can hear you two...
Saki: Hehe. We wanted you to hear us♪ Just kidding...!
Honami: Oh, you...
Staff A: Welcome, Leo/need!
Staff B: We're gonna run a sound check now, right? We'd like to start with the drums, so if you can get ready for us!
Honami: Okay, be right there!
Shiho: Um, want me to help?
Staff B: Haha. Thanks, but we should be able to handle it!
Staff A: You're here as a member of Leo/need today, Hinomori. You can leave the checks to us!
Shiho: Right. Thanks.
Staff A: No problem! You can count on us!
Shiho: Ichika, Saki, they're probably gonna run a bass check next, so I'll stay here and get ready for that.
Ichika: Okay. Then, we'll be in the green room.
Saki: Shiho, Hona, see you in a bit!
Honami: Okay, see you soon!
Honami: ...
Shiho: Are you starting to feel nervous...?
Honami: A little...
Honami: But that shouldn't be a problem. Our sound check should distract me.
Shiho: I know. I'm not all that worried about you.
Shiho: Come to think of it, the sound from your bass drum has felt different lately.
Honami: Hm? Do you think so?
Shiho: This is just my gut feeling, but I think it has more presence... You sound clearer and more accurate.
Honami: Really? But it's not like I've changed my technique or anything...
Shiho: Anyway, regardless of the actual reason, the way you're currently drumming makes it really easy to play along. Even more than before.
Honami: ...!
Honami: Thank you so much, Shiho!
Honami: Oh, were you trying to get me to feel less nervous...?
Shiho: Not really. I was just telling you what was on my mind.
Honami: Hehe. I see.
Staff B: The drums are all set! We're ready to start the sound check!
Honami: Oh, coming!
Shiho: Alright, have fun.
Honami: Yes, I will!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Haruka Kiritani)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Honami's Voice (Honami): See you tomorrow.
Classmate: See you! Good luck with band practice!
Honami: (Today, we'll be doing the debrief for our solo show.)
Honami: (I did my best to summarize what I could remember...)
Honami: (But I had so much fun that I'm not sure I was able to go about it objectively.)
Honami: ...
Honami: (I still can't believe we did our own solo show...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (I can still hear the audience cheering...)
Honami: (It really was the best show we've ever done.)
Haruka: Oh, Mochizuki, are you headed to band practice?
Honami: Yes, we're doing the debrief for our solo show today.
Haruka: I see.
Haruka: Congratulations. It was a really good show, and I'm glad I was there to see it.
Honami: It was? That's good to...
Honami: Oh no! I never properly thanked you for coming to see our show!
Haruka: That's okay. I know how busy these things are, especially before and after.
Haruka: We went through the same thing for our first solo show. So, don't worry about it.
Honami: Thank you, Kiritani...
Honami: But while we're on the subject, would you mind telling me more about what you thought? I'd like to share it at today's debrief.
Haruka: Of course. I'm not sure if this will help...
Haruka: But... The atmosphere you created left a huge impression on me.
Honami: The atmosphere?
Haruka: Yes. You grabbed the audience's attention with your first song and kept raising the energy with each subsequent one.
Haruka: There was some tension in the air at first, but you didn't let it bother you... That quickly turned into you all having a lot of fun while playing.
Honami: ...
Honami: (The audience felt it. They sensed that we were having a lot of fun...)
Haruka: Sorry, I wish I could describe it better. But does that make sense...?
Honami: Yes, you illustrated a wonderful picture...!
Honami: I really can't thank you enough, Kiritani.
Honami: I doubt our solo show would've gone as well as it did if I hadn't asked you about it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haruka: The people who come to see you only have one thing in mind.
Haruka: They just want to see an incredible show.
(White cut)
Haruka: Actually, there was one other thing on my mind...
(White cut)
Haruka: We want to enjoy our show from the bottom of our hearts, just as much as our fans do.
Haruka: If you fall into the trap of thinking “our show has to be fun”, it ends up being pretty dull and the audience will notice right away.
Haruka: So, it's important to do something that you yourselves enjoy and are satisfied with. We really tried not to forget that.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: You reminded me of something very important that time, Kiritani...
Honami: As a result, I was able to realize that I needed to ask those around me for more help.
Honami: So, thank you for telling me everything you did.
Haruka: You're welcome.
Haruka: I probably have a little more experience than your average person when it comes to live performances, so please feel free to ask me for advice whenever.
Honami: Are you sure? Then, I may have to take you up on that offer.
Honami & Haruka: Hehe.
Haruka: While we're on the subject, things have been going well between you and that scout, right?
Honami: Oh, so... We're currently waiting to hear back from him. But he did say that he'd probably have good news....
Haruka: I see. It was an incredible show, so I can't wait to hear what comes of it.
Honami: Thank you.
Haruka: Oh, sorry for keeping you for so long. I was really only expecting to have a quick chat with you.
Honami: No, that's okay. I've been meaning to talk to you as well, so I'm really glad we were able to.
Haruka: That's good to hear... Then, let's both keep doing our best at practice.
Honami: *Nod* See you later, Kiritani.
Honami: (I'm so glad I was able to thank her again...)
Honami: (But Kiritani isn't the only one who's been helping us. We really should try to find the time to go around and thank everyone else for what they've done...)
Honami: (I'll try asking the others about this after our debrief.)
(Black cut)
