654_Honami Mochizuki_R4 A Bell Of Gratitude And Blessing (event_96)

Gacha phrase: I'm glad this sound reached Ms. Yoisaki...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kanade Yoisaki, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Yoisaki Household - Kitchen]

Honami: (I've hung up all the laundry, so all that's left is to see what I need to buy the next time I come here.)
Honami: (First, laundry detergent, that bathtub cleaner and...maybe some more bath salts.)
Honami: (I brought a pack over a while ago hoping that it'll help give her a way to relax, but she's already gone through most of it.)
Honami: (Hehe. I'm glad to see that she's using it so often.)
Honami: (Oh, I should ask her about these bath salts when I give my work report.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Honami's Voice (Honami): Ms. Yoisaki, do you have a minute?
Kanade: Um, yes. Please come in...
Honami: I'm sorry to interrupt you working, but I'm here to give my work report.
Kanade: Thank you again for coming today. I always appreciate it.
Honami: No, it's my pleasure. With regards to food, I've packaged each meal in its own container. All you have to do is heat it up.
Honami: Also... How have you been enjoying the bath salts I brought a while back?
Honami: I chose an assortment based on different natural herbs so that you could choose whichever you like depending on how you feel each day...
Kanade: I use them from time to time in my baths. They all smell very nice.
Honami: Really?! I'm so glad to hear that...!
Honami: They're actually starting to run low, so I was wondering if you had any particular preferences in terms of what I should get next.
Kanade: I'll leave that to you, Ms. Mochizuki. I've never bought any myself, and I don't really know what's available.
Honami: Understood. I'll think about whether to go with your current selection or a different assortment.
Kanade: Okay, thank you.
Honami: Of course. Then, I'll see you again next week.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[School SEKAI]

Honami: Oh, no one else is here. To be fair, I am two hours early.
Honami: (As much as I want to practice, first...)
Honami: I need to choose which bath salts to take over soon. Let's see. That website I was looking at was...
Rin: Hey, Hona! I was wondering who got here just now♪
Len: But practice isn't for a while, right? Are you doing stuff on your own until then?
Honami: Yes, I was going to... But there's something else that I also need to take care of.
Rin: Something else? Does it have to do with your contract with that record company?
Honami: Oh, no. It doesn't actually have anything to do with our band...
Len: Bath salts, huh...? I didn't realize your job required so much extra thought. Sounds tough.
Honami: No, not at all. I'm doing this because I thoroughly enjoy it.
Rin: Really...?
Rin: Oh, Hona! What kind of bath salts are you looking for?
Honami: What kind...? Well, for starters, they can't have too strong a fragrance...
Honami: Ms. Yoisaki isn't fond of anything with a powerful scent, so I'm looking for something that's nice and relaxing.
Rin: Yeah, that'd be great! I love those kinds of smells too!
Len: Says the person who can never sit still.
Rin: Hey, gimme a break. So, are there any other requirements?
Honami: I'm looking for a set that has the salts already measured out in little bags.
Honami: I know it produces more trash than the ones that come in bulk, which are much cheaper... But this way, she won't have to think about how much to use each time.
Rin: I see.
Honami: Also...
Len: Wait, there's more? Doesn't this ever get exhausting...?
Honami: What...?
Rin: Wait, Len, you can't say that... Hona's doing her best to make this person feel comfortable!
Len: Oh, sorry... I didn't mean that in a negative way or anything...
Honami: No, that's okay. I've never found this job all that tiring is all...
Rin: Probably because you're such a nice person, Hona♪ Even when it comes to these bath salts, you said you like looking for the right ones.
Len: Still, putting so much effort into something that's not directly related to your job seems like a waste of...
Rin: Geez, Len, don't you get it?!
Rin: This Yoisaki person means a lot to Hona! That's why she's putting in so much serious thought!
Honami: She's right...
Honami: I've already seen Ms. Yoisaki collapse once, and she still pulls all-nighters from time to time.
Honami: However, I also understand that she's doing her best to compose songs that can help the people who truly need them, including those closest to her.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: She pushes herself too hard sometimes... But I'm just her housekeeper, so I can only help by doing these sorts of things.
Len: I see... But you genuinely want to be there for her.
Honami: Yes, I want to do whatever I can for her...
Rin: So, Len, we should totally help Hona find some really nice bath salts!
Len: Yeah, it doesn't seem right to leave without doing anything after hearing that story.
Honami: Hehe. Thank you both very much. Then, if you don't mind...
Honami: I actually just found a few interesting candidates.
Rin: Really?! Lemme see!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kanade Yoisaki, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Shopping Mall - Bookstore]

Honami: Let's see... Oh, here it is. I need this book, and the other one must be over there...
Honami: Hehe. I'm glad I was able to find both. That just leaves...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Ichika: That was delicious.
Saki: Today's lunch was great♪ I've got a full tummy and it's super nice out, which makes it the perfect time to take a nap.
Honami: Oh, if you're full already, I guess I should hold off on these...
Shiho: These?
Honami: I bought a cookbook yesterday and gave one of the sweets recipes a try.
Saki: Wait, you made yummy treats?! Gimme! I want some!
Ichika: I thought you were full, Saki.
Saki: No way! I always have room for dessert♪
Shiho: Pretty sure you just want to eat them that badly.
Honami: Hehe. Ichika, Shiho, would you like some as well?
Ichika: Yes, please.
Honami: Okay, these are chocolate cakes and these are banana. I made them into sticks, so they should be easy to pick up and eat.
Saki: Wow! Alright, let's...♪
Ichika & Shiho: Dig in!
Saki: Hm...! Mmmmm! These are sooo good!!!
Ichika: Yeah, and they have a nice aftertaste. I could snack on these all day...
Shiho: The banana cakes are also good. My mouth's being filled with the sweet aroma of bananas...
Saki: Nom... Mmmm! You're right! The sweet flavor and aroma is filling my mouth with so much joy!
Ichika: Thanks for making these, Honami. They're really good.
Honami: You're welcome. I'm glad you all like them so much.
Honami: I'm actually thinking about learning to make more of these types of soothing snacks.
Shiho: But you already know how to make all kinds of stuff. What's gotten into you? Did something happen recently?
Honami: Oh, um...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kanade: There's something I felt spending time with you and the others today.
Kanade: How do I put it...? Having someone next to me with my best interests in mind is such a nice thing.
(White cut)
Kanade: I'm convinced now that I can keep composing songs because you're there to support me, Ms. Mochizuki.
Kanade: So, thank you for everything you do.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: Hehe. I'll have to keep that a secret.
Shiho: Oh...? Well, I guess I shouldn't complain if it means getting to have these delicious snacks.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): I don't think anyone's been using this classroom much lately. Still, are you sure you want to go through the trouble of cleaning it...?
Honami: Yes. So, I bought this book by a famous housekeeper yesterday, but I couldn't quite find enough to do at my own house.
Honami: Which is why I really appreciate you helping me find a place where I can put their ideas into practice.
Miku (Ln): I see. In that case...
Rin's Voice (Rin): Miku-P, where are you?!
Miku (Ln): Oh, sorry. I need to go...
Honami: Okay, have fun.
Honami: Alright, let's begin by gathering up what's here and cleaning the walls!
(Black cut)
Miku (Ln): How are things going, Honami?
Rin: Whoa! The walls, the windows and the floor are all spotless!
Miku (Ln): That's incredible. This place used to be full of dust bunnies. I can't believe how clean it is now...
Honami: Hehe. We can thank the homemade cleaner recipe I found in this book. Just by mixing a few household products together, you can get a much stronger solution.
Honami: I was able to clean the walls so quickly that I decided to try it on the windows and the floor as well.
Rin: I didn't know it'd make everything sparkle like this! Oh, do you have any of that solution left? I wanna try!
Honami: Yes, it's in this bottle. Just lightly soak a rag in it and wipe down any dirty spots you see. Then, use a clean rag to dry it.
Rin: Okay, I'll give it a try! But everything here's clean, so I'm going to the corridor!
Miku (Ln): Says the person who always complains about having to clean things up.
Rin's Voice (Rin): Whoa, this is so cool! And fun♪ It makes everything so shiny!
Honami: Hehe.
Honami: (That reminds me of what Ms. Yoisaki said the other day...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: All you have to do is line up the cucumbers that you just cut into strips and...
Honami: Voila. You can julienne them fairly quickly without having to realign them each time.
Kanade: Oh, I remember seeing my mom do this. So there was a reason behind what she was doing.
Kanade: Hehe. Cooking becomes more fun after you learn tricks like this one.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): You seem more animated than usual lately, Honami.
Honami: I do? If so, I have Rin to thank.
Honami: There was something on my mind until just recently, but she helped encourage me...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): I see...
Rin's Voice (Rin): Haha! Hey, check this out!
Miku (Ln): Hm? That sounded like Rin... But her voice felt really far away.
Honami: Yes... Where do you think she is now?
Rin's Voice (Rin): ——! ——!
Miku (Ln): Oh, she's shouting something again. But she's too far away. I don't understand what she's saying.
Honami: Hehe. I suspect every corridor's going to be glowing by the time she returns.
(Black cut)
