686_Honami Mochizuki_R3 With All Our Supporters (event_101)

Gacha phrase: Please come watch if you have time.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

[Scramble Crossing]

Honami: (Our Thank You Show is coming along nicely.)
Honami: (And I'm so glad we had a chance to invite Ms. Yoisaki...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (Saki and Shiho said they've been able to invite everyone they were meaning to...)
Honami: (So, I need to do the same.)
???: Hoonaamiii♪
Honami: Oh...!
Ena: Thanks for inviting us out to go shopping with you, Honami.
Honami: No, I should be thanking you. I know you're both very busy, so I really appreciate you joining me.
Emu: Hehe. I've really been looking forward to shopping with you guys♪
Honami: Hehe. Me too.
Honami: But it's so unfortunate that Mizuki couldn't also join us...
Ena: I wouldn't worry too much about that. It's Mizuki's fault for not going to school more often.
Ena: At the same time, I do feel kinda bad, so I might look for a treat or something.
Ena: Anyway, shall we?
Honami: Oh, would you mind giving me a moment before we go? There's something I need to give the both of you.
Emu: Give us?
Honami: So... Here, these are tickets to our next show! One for each of you, and another for Mizuki.
Emu: Wow...! Tickets to your next show?!
Ena: Wait, we can really have these?!
Honami: Yes. The thing is, our next show is about...
(Black cut)
Ena: ...and you wanna thank everyone who's been supporting you all this time.
Ena: Still, are you sure? You sorta just met Mizuki the other day.
Ena: And all I did was teach you how to draw a little. I haven't actually done anything for your band.
Honami: Hehe. Yes, I'm sure!
Honami: You showed me just how much fun it is to draw. As a result, I've been helping do illustrations for our band's flyers.
Honami: Also, we're not just talking about the people who've been directly involved with our band.
Honami: Be it with school or everyday life... We've been able to make it this far because so many people have been there to help us along the way.
Ena: I see... Then, if we mean that much to you...
Ena: I happily accept.
Honami: Thank you!
Honami: I hope you'll also come watch if you have time, Emu.
Honami: You've been a dear friend and an enormous source of support even before we got our band back together...
Honami: I know I've thanked you quite a bit already... But I'd like to thank you again, through our music this time.
Emu: Honami...
Emu: Yeah☆ I'm absolutely, positively going♪
Emu: Hehe♪ Friends forever, right, Honami☆
Honami: Oh...! Hehe. Yes, of course!
Honami: Anyway, thank you for giving me a chance to do this. Shall we get going?
Ena: Yeah.
Emu: Woohoo☆ Let's go♪
Ena: Actually, Honami... You said just now that you've been helping do illustrations for your band's flyers. Do you happen to have one on you?
Honami: What...?!
Emu: Oh, I wanna see what you drew too♪
Honami: Um... Yes, I have a few on me...
Honami: Then, why don't we play that game again where you both try to guess what I drew?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Ready, everyone?
Honami: *Nod* Ready.
Miku (Ln): So are we.
Rin: Guys, hurry♪ I can't wait any longer!
Ichika: Then, let's get started!
Ichika: Here's to an amazing show! Cheers!
Rin & Saki: Cheers♪
Everyone: Cheers!
Luka: It was a wonderful show. You did a great job of truly resonating with the audience.
MEIKO: You also did amazing, Miku! I got goosebumps just listening.
Rin: Me too! My jaw was on the floor the whole time!
Saki: Me three! I couldn't believe that I got to be a part of it!
Miku (Ln): Thank you all...
Miku (Ln): As for me, I was able to connect with you girls and everyone who came to see you play.
Ichika: *Nod*
KAITO: It was an incredible performance... You were able to showcase all the best aspects of Leo/need...
Len: Yeah! And I'm looking forward to seeing what your future shows are gonna be like!
Shiho: We promise not to disappoint.
Honami: But for now... Why don't we get our party started?
Honami: As our way of thanking all of you, the four of us baked cupcakes for today.
Saki: Here they are!
Miku (Ln): Wow, you made so many...
Shiho: We do have a pretty big group here. I think we made enough for three apiece.
Rin: Cool! Then, I'm gonna take the biggest, yummiest-looking ones♪
Ichika: Oh, before you do! There's something we need to tell you all...
Ichika: On the surface, there only appear to be plain or matcha-flavored ones, but some of them have different fillings in them.
MEIKO: Fillings?
Honami: Yes... It's not hard to bake simple cupcakes that are also delicious, but Saki suggested that we should “spice things up” somehow...
Saki: Exactly! So, we're gonna have ourselves a takoyaki party but with cupcakes♪
Len: So, you're saying that these cupcakes may or may not contain a few surprises...?
Saki: Correct!
Saki: We each picked two fillings to put into them!
Honami: But there's no need to worry. We didn't pick anything spicy or difficult to stomach since we didn't want it to feel like some sort of punishment.
Shiho: Still, Saki, I don't feel great about your choices.
Saki: Really? What's wrong with sweet soybean powder and cod roe?
Miku (Ln): Soybean powder and cod roe?!
Saki: Hehe. I'd be surprised too, but there's a chance that it might be good, right?
Saki: They put that powder on bread and stuff. Plus, cupcakes are made from flour, which is what they use for spaghetti. That goes great with cod roe, so it'll be fine.
Miku (Ln): T-Talk about a big stretch...
Len: Still, this should spice things up a bit.
Luka: I agree. So, shall we give them a try?
Miku (Ln): Yes, let's...
Everyone: Dig in! Dig in.
Honami: Let's also try them.
Ichika: Okay.
MEIKO: Oh, these red bean paste cupcakes are delicious! Who came up with these?
Ichika: I did. My other ones have marmalade in them, and I think they turned out pretty well.
Luka: Oh, this one... It's full of nuts.
Miku (Ln): Mine has strawberry jam in it.
Shiho: Those are both mine.
Saki: Kudos for the red bean paste, but all these other ones seem...normal...
Shiho: You sound so disappointed...
Ichika: They are meant to be party treats. Also, we knew that Miku and the others would be trying them, so it only seemed right to make them as good as we could.
Saki: Yeah, but you gotta be more on the edge with stuff like this!
Rin: Actually, Hona, what did you decide to put in?
Honami: Oh, I chose custard for one, and the other...
KAITO: Oh, this cupcake... It's full of apples. This tastes just like an apple pie...
Honami: A-As it so happens... That's my other one...
Saki: Wait, Hona, these are supposed to be cupcakes! Why'd you turn yours into apple pies?!
Honami: I couldn't think of anything else...
Saki: What?! You could've done tuna salad or marshmallows or potato chips or a million other things!
Shiho: Urgh... Outside of marshmallows, those all sound awful...
Saki: No, don't say that!
Saki: Hey, has anyone tried my soybean powder and cod roe cupcakes yet?!
Ichika: I don't think so...
Honami: Oh... This one has cod roe in it...
Saki: Bingo!!!
Saki: How is it, Hona?! Is it good?!
Honami: The cod roe is a little dry from being baked... But I think it sort of goes well with the butter...
Saki: ...! Hear that, everyone?!
Shiho: That's just her being polite...
Saki: Alright, that's it! Hona, give some of what you have to these nonbelievers!
Honami: Hehe. Okay.
Ichika & Shiho: What?!
Everyone: Hehe. Haha!
(Black cut)
