726_Honami Mochizuki_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A]

Honami: (*Sigh* I arrived sooner than usual today.)
Honami: (Classes won't start for a little while, so I think I'll use this time to check the Leo/need channel. Some people seem to have commented and...)
Kohane: Good morning, Honami.
Honami: Oh, Kohane, good morning. Can I help you with something?
Kohane: No, I don't need any help... I was just thinking that the Shiba on your phone case is really cute.
Honami: Oh, this? Hehe. It really is adorable.
Honami: I had to buy it when I saw it at the store since it reminded me of my real Shiba at home...
Kohane: Oh, Shibao, right?! You told me about him once.
Kohane: And I really know how you feel. I can't help but buy keychains and stickers of things that look like my pet.
Honami: Oh, that's right. I heard that you have an unusual pet.
Honami: What kind of animal is your pet? I was thinking a flying squirrel or hedgehog since not many people have those...
Kohane: No, I have a snake. Her name's Count Pearl.
Honami: A-A snake...?! I never would've guessed...!
Honami: And her name's Count Pearl? That has such a classy ring to it.
Kohane: Hehe. Thanks. Most people are surprised when they find out that Count Pearl is my pet snake.
Kohane: But she's really cute. Every time I come home, she always looks up and flicks her tongue out.
Kohane: Which makes me really happy since it looks like she's saying, “Welcome home.”
Honami: I see... Then, Count Pearl must know you very well.
Kohane: She does!
Kohane: Oh, also! If I stretch my hand out to her, she'll caress her head against it...
Kohane: And her mouth becomes so big whenever she's having a meal... It only takes her one bite!
Kohane: I'm always amazed by how she can do that, but she's also a little timid... I think that gap's really cute.
Honami: Hehe... It sounds like you love her very much, Kohane.
Kohane: Oh... S-Sorry, I didn't mean to go into so much detail.
Honami: No, I really enjoyed it! I hardly know anything about snakes. I had no idea they could be so affectionate.
Kohane: Then, can you tell me more about Shibao? What's he like?
Honami: Shibao has round features and a fluffy body. He loves to sunbathe...
Honami: He seems to like my bed the most for some reason. That's where he usually ends up whenever I leave it out...
Honami: And I'll take naps with him from time to time.
Kohane: Hehe. That's so cute. I can see it already.
Honami: I have lots of pictures of him. Would you like to see?
Kohane: Yes, please!
Honami: Let's see... This is what I was just talking about. It's him taking a nap on my bed...
Honami: This is him getting excited about dinner. And this is him with a passerby who was nice enough to play with him during one of our walks.
Kohane: Wow... These photos are all really adorable... And you've taken so many.
Honami: He's so cute that I sort of can't help taking a lot.
Honami: But these pictures all probably look the same to other people.
Kohane: Hehe... I can tell that you love Shibao a lot.
Honami: Yes, he's a valued member of our family.
Honami: By the way, do you have any pictures of Count Pearl? I'd like to see them if you do.
Kohane: Yeah, I do! I can show you some later.
Kohane: But for now, I kind of want to see more photos of Shibao...
Honami: Hehe. In that case, I'd like to spend some time looking at pictures of Count Pearl later.
Kohane: Yeah, let's both share!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A]

Kohane: Hmm... Which should I choose...?
Honami: Is something bothering you, Kohane? Do you need any help?
Kohane: Oh, Honami...! No, it's nothing all that serious...
Kohane: But you know how we're supposed to choose what committee we're going to be in during our next homeroom? I'm still undecided.
Honami: I don't blame you. I mean, there are so many to choose from.
Honami: You were on the animal caretaker committee last year, yes?
Kohane: Yeah, I was! I had a lot of fun, but lately I've been so busy practicing my singing...
Honami: Oh, that's right... The animal caretaker committee's more involved compared to the others since you have to clean up after the animals and such.
Kohane: Exactly. They're living creatures, so I'd feel awful if I started making everyone else fill in and take care of them for me.
Kohane: Which is why I was thinking I should probably join a committee that involves less of a time commitment.
Honami: Yes, I see.
Kohane: Do you know which committee you're going to join, Honami?
Honami: Oh, I...
Honami: I'm thinking about staying with the cleanup committee.
Kohane: You are?! Does that mean you like working as a member of that committee?
Kohane: I honestly don't know much about it... Can you tell me more?
Honami: So, we're mainly tasked with keeping the school clean.
Honami: That includes the gym's storeroom, the stairs, the rooftop and quite a few other places that students don't normally clean.
Kohane: I see...
Kohane: That means you and everyone on the committee are the reason our school's such a nice place to be.
Honami: I don't know about that... But I really appreciate the positive feedback.
Honami: We also make posters for the school.
Kohane: Posters?
Honami: Yes, ones with slogans on them to remind students not to litter and to keep the classrooms clean.
Kohane: Oh, I've seen those in the corridor. I didn't know they were made by the cleanup committee.
Kohane: I remember talking with Minori about some that looked really cool and abstract...
Honami: Oh...
Honami: (Is she talking about the ones I drew...?)
Honami: (I'm less against drawing now, but I still feel a little embarrassed when I think about people seeing my work...)
Kohane: Still... Making posters and helping keep the school clean doesn't sound too bad. Maybe I could...?
Honami: Huh...?
Honami: Kohane, are you interested in joining?
Kohane: *Nod* I'm sure keeping the school clean for everyone isn't easy, but making posters and stuff sounds like fun.
Honami: Really...?!
Honami: Then... Why don't we both volunteer to be on it?
Kohane: Huh?
Honami: Not many people choose to join this committee, chiefly because keeping the school clean is a lot of work...
Honami: But seeing everyone enjoy the places that I cleaned puts such a big smile on my face.
Honami: I get to play a small part in brightening up people's days, which makes the effort I put in worth it.
Kohane: Honami...
Kohane: I really admire how you can work so hard for the sake of others...
Honami: No, I just like doing those sorts of tasks.
Honami: Also, as you pointed out earlier, this committee isn't as involved as some of the other ones...
Honami: So, since you've taken an interest in joining, it'd be nice if we could be on it together.
Kohane: Right...
Kohane: Then, I'll give it a try...
Honami: Really?
Kohane: I do think it would be fun to be on this committee, and it not being as involved as some of the other ones is a big plus...
Kohane: But above all else, I'd feel a lot better knowing that you'd be there with me, Honami.
Honami: Kohane...
Kohane: I have to learn to walk before I can run, but my hope is that you'll be willing to show me the ropes.
Honami: Of course...! Let's do our best together.
(Black cut)
