774_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Looking For My Answer (event_110)

Gacha phrase: It's still on my mind...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, MEIKO)

[Honami's Room]

Honami: (Start slow and gradually go faster...)
Honami: (Decelerate slowly once you get to the fastest part and...)
Honami: Phew... I'm starting to feel it in my arms.
Honami: Now, I just need to play along to our demo recording and...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shindo: Yes. First, I'd like to start by asking you all a question. What aspirations do you hold for your music...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: ...
Honami: What aspirations do you hold for your music...?
Honami: (I was hoping that practicing would help take my mind off that question, but I keep going back to it...)
Honami: (Still, I do need to find an answer. What am I hoping to achieve with our music?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (I understand very well what Ichika and Saki want to do.)
Honami: (I do agree with them in terms of hoping to cheer others up and bring people together through our music.)
Honami: (But can I truly say those are my own feelings...?)
Honami: (What is most important to me...? What do I hope to accomplish through music...?)
Honami: (Where do I even start...?)
MEIKO (Ln): <Honami.>
Honami: Huh...? Wait, MEIKO...?!
Honami: What brings you here?
MEIKO (Ln): <I was wondering how you were doing is all.>
MEIKO (Ln): <You said you'd be taking time to think by yourself, remember? I wanted to know how you were doing.>
Honami: Oh, I see... Thank you for showing so much concern.
MEIKO (Ln): <Sorry for the sudden intrusion.>
Honami: No, that's okay. I was just practicing on my own.
MEIKO (Ln): <Okay, that's good to hear. Still...>
MEIKO (Ln): <From what I saw just now, you seemed to be having trouble focusing on what you were doing...>
Honami: Oh...
Honami: Was it that obvious?
MEIKO (Ln): <Is that question really nagging at you?>
Honami: Yes... I've been giving it some thought, but I'm really struggling to find an answer...
Honami: I decided to do some practicing on my own in the hopes that taking a hard look at my instrument would lead me to a clue.
Honami: Unfortunately, I didn't get anywhere since my mind kept jumping between thinking and practicing.
MEIKO (Ln): <I see...>
MEIKO (Ln): <I understand how you feel, since being told to relax or not be so anxious usually ends up having the opposite effect.>
Honami: Yes, true...
MEIKO (Ln): <Then, why not try looking at it this way?>
MEIKO (Ln): <It's something very important, so try thinking about it at your own pace.>
Honami: Huh...?
MEIKO (Ln): <You always think about what's best for those around you. But there's also what's best for you. A pace that suits you, Honami...>
Honami: A pace that suits me...?
MEIKO (Ln): <Yes, your path of least resistance. The one that doesn't make you stress.>
MEIKO (Ln): <It's like the drums. You can't achieve a good sound by hitting the living daylights out of them, right?>
MEIKO (Ln): <I know you want to find the right answer as soon as possible. But first, you need to take some deep breaths!>
MEIKO (Ln): <And wait for inspiration to strike!>
MEIKO (Ln): <How does that sound? Wouldn't it be easier to take it slow?>
Honami: Yes, you may be right...
Honami: I'll take a nice, long bath, relax for a bit and come back to it when I feel ready...
MEIKO (Ln): <Yes, I think that would be best. Warm yourself up with a long, relaxing soak.>
Honami: Yes, thank you! I'll go do that now.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Saki: Hey, you guys! I got to wondering yesterday...
Saki: How do you think they're gonna have us take our publicity photos?
Shiho: How...? I mean, we'll probably have a professional at a photo studio take them for us, right?
Saki: But what if they ask us to do poses and stuff?! And I don't know what I'd wear! Are we supposed to make a fashion statement?
Ichika: I don't know either... I can't think of any particular poses... Aside from maybe the four of us making peace signs or something.
Shiho: I doubt they'll be okay with that.
Honami: I was actually wondering about that as well, and I decided to look for some information on the subject.
Honami: I did some searches for what other bands have done for their publicity photos.
Saki: Oh, Hona's on her game!
Shiho: So, what did you find?
Honami: Most seem to have gone with a cool look. For example, having the members stood shoulder to shoulder or the photo taken in black and white.
Saki: Oh, that sounds like what I've seen before! Or like, having their chins held high while looking downwards and stuff...
Honami: Hehe. Yes, that's it. You're really good at that, Saki!
Saki: Oh, I know! Ichi, you try it too!
Ichika: Wait, me? Sure, but...
Honami: From the photos I saw, most let their knees sag a little while standing...
Ichika: So, like this...?
Honami: Yes, that's right. Now, stand your guitar up by holding just the headstock.
Ichika: Like this...?
Honami: Yes, perfect! That's it!
Saki: Whoa, that's so cool...! Ichi, you look like a total pro!
Shiho: Yeah, it isn't bad.
Ichika: Oh, really?
Honami: Then, you could take your bass and...
Shiho: No thanks. I'll pass...
Saki: What?! Why?! We should practice posing together!
Shiho: Practice? For publicity photos? We should just try to be ourselves.
Saki: No, you're wrong! We gotta make the most of this opportunity by looking super cool!
Saki: Because what we take is gonna be what's used on our website, in magazines and even on TV if we get there, forever and ever!
Shiho: I mean...
Saki: Making our publicity photos is a part of our job as pros! We've gotta take this seriously!!!
Ichika: Oh, I think Shiho's starting to feel Saki's pressure...
Honami: But I agree with Saki... Taking good publicity photos is important.
Honami: So, why don't we try taking one right now to practice?
Saki: Yes! Now! Let's do it!
Shiho: *Sigh* Alright, fine... Just one, okay?
Honami: Hehe. Then, what should we do?
Shiho: You looked up a lot of different ones, right, Honami? I'm fine with whichever style you liked best.
Saki: Yes, Hona, tell us! You're the director!
Honami: Okay, so... It's not that I thought this one was the coolest, but...
Honami: If we could all...
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Shiho: Okay, we ended up just sitting in a circle and taking a picture from above... I'm not sure how to feel about that...
Ichika: Yeah, we literally just sat down.
Honami: I know, but I liked this idea the most out of all the different photos I saw...
Honami: Achieving a cool look would be nice, but I also love the idea of just being ourselves.
Shiho: Yeah, I guess this is the best expression of who we really are...
Saki: I really love this style too!
Honami: You do? Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
Honami: However, since these are going to be our very first publicity photos, we'll want to ask Mr. Shindo to help us see how we can make them look good.
Shiho: Agreed. And I'm not sure how much our practice just now is gonna help...
Saki: No, don't say that! Besides, we had a lot of fun!
Shiho: Anyway, let's start the practice we came here for.
Saki, Honami & Ichika: Okay! Yeah.
Shiho: Honami, are your drums ready?
Honami: Oh, um... Yes. I just got them all set up, so I'm ready whenever.
Shiho: Then, let's get started.
Honami: Okay, here we go! One, two, three, four!
(Black cut)
