778_Honami Mochizuki_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: Wow... I don't need to lift a finger.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa)

[Honami's birthday]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A]

Honami: Good morning.
Ichika: Morning, Honami.
Shiho: Morning.
Honami: Shiho, Saki! What are you two doing here?
Saki: We're here to celebrate your birthday, of course!
Saki: Here we go, everyone!
Saki: Happy birthday, Hona!
Ichika, Shiho & Kohane: Happy birthday!
Honami: Wow...!
Honami: Hehe. Thank you. I couldn't be happier.
Kohane: We should be the ones thanking you. You've done so much for me, not only in class but also in the cleanup committee.
Saki: Yeah, exactly!
Saki: You help with our studies, band stuff and... Band stuff, and band stuff!
Ichika: That was a lot of band stuff. But, that kind of makes sense.
Shiho: You've helped us gather our thoughts and given us advice whenever we're troubled about something. There's been so many times when I've been glad you were there.
Honami: R-Really?
Saki: Yes, really! Which is why today will be a—
Saki: Hona Gratitude Day♪
Honami: Gratitude day?
Saki: Yup! So we'll be your helpers for the whole day♪
Honami: Huh? Helpers?
Saki: Come, Hona! Your seat is right this way!
Shiho: Give me your bag, Honami. I'll carry it over to your seat for you.
Ichika: Are you feeling thirsty? I actually prepared some herbal tea for you.
Honami: Huh? Wait, what...?
Kohane: I'll be taking lots of pictures for you!
Honami: Th-This is a little embarrassing, but... I suppose I'll depend on all of you today.
Saki: Please do♪ Here, sit down.
Saki: Welcome to Saki's hair salon! Today's service will be on the house! Any requests?
Honami: Oh, I didn't know this kind of service was available. In that case, whatever you think would look good on me.
Saki: Understood!
Ichika: Here's some chamomile tea, Honami. I prepared it when I was still at home, so it's not quite hot...
Honami: That's okay. I think that will make it easier to drink.
Honami: *Sniff* It smells so nice...
Kohane: (Oh, there's a shot!)
Shiho: I got the textbooks for first period out and ready for you, Honami.
Honami: You're doing that much for me?
Shiho: Yeah. But don't think I'll do your homework too, alright?
Honami: Hey, I wouldn't ask for something like that.
(Black cut)

[Lunch break]

Minori: Excuse me! Is Honami here?
Honami: Oh, Hanasato! And Kiritani and Shizuku, you're here too.
Haruka: Hello, Mochizuki. Do you have some time right now?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Shizuku: Happy birthday, Honami. This isn't a cake, but...
Honami: Wow, these waffle sandwiches look delicious!
Minori: We asked one of the staff at the TV station we went to today if there was a dessert shop nearby, and they told us about this one.
Haruka: They recommended these waffle sandwiches right off the bat and we thought they'd be a great gift for you.
Honami: I see... Thank you so much.
Haruka: It is your birthday, after all.
Haruka: We wanted to give you something as thanks for always supporting us and cheering us on in terms of our idol activities.
Minori: Yup! Thank you, Honami! Let's keep supporting each other.
Honami: Kiritani, Hanasato...
Honami: I hope we can continue being there for each other too.
Shizuku: Alright then, let's enjoy these together. Which one would you like, Honami?
Honami: I'll have... Oh, this chocolate one.
Honami: Wow! It's so soft and fluffy.
Shizuku: Isn't it? The shop staff said that the waffle just melts with the cream in your mouth.
Honami: Really? I'm going to take a bite...
Honami: Mmm! It does melt in your mouth! It's so much softer than I expected.
Honami: The cream is flavorful as well, but it doesn't linger on the palate. It's really good!
Shizuku: I'm glad you like it! Oh, please feel free to have some more.
Honami: Really? In that case... I'll try the mango one next.
Minori: We got to try this one at the shop. It's so good!
Haruka: I recommend the strawberry. Out of all of the ones we got to try, I liked this one the most.
Shizuku: You two act so fast, that's not fair. I have a recommendation for you too, Honami.
Honami: Thank you. But, is it alright for me to have so many?
Shizuku: Of course. We were able to try these flavors when we were buying them at the shop.
Minori: By the way, the shop doesn't use a lot of sugar in the cream, so you can indulge a little without feeling bad!
Honami: Wait, really? Then, I think I'll have another one.
Minori: Of course! Help yourself!
Honami: Which flavor should I try next... You recommend the strawberry, right, Kiritani?
Haruka: Yes. Shizuku, didn't you have a flavor to recommend too?
Shizuku: That's right, I almost forgot!
Shizuku: I recommend the matcha cream. Though the cream is light, it's very fragrant and you can really taste the matcha flavor.
Honami: Wow, that sounds delicious too! Hehe, I think I'll have both.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Shibuya Park]

Ichika: Some other friends are here to express their gratitude to you.
Ichika: Ah, they're over there.
Honami: Oh, Ms. Yoisaki! Ena and Mizuki too!
Kanade: Hoshino contacted me, so I wanted to celebrate—um... I mean, participate in Gratitude Day.
Kanade: I figured that Ena and Mizuki would be free, so I reached out to them and we came over here together.
Ena: Happy birthday, Honami! Here's the gift all three of us picked out for you.
Mizuki: They're accessories. We picked designs that weren't flashy, so I'm sure these would work with casual outfits too.
Honami: Wow, thank you very much! I'll be sure to use these.
Ena: Yeah, wear them as much as you want.
Mizuki: We wanted to express our gratitude in some way. We're really thankful for you taking care of Kanade.
Honami: It's my pleasure. But I don't really do all that much.
Kanade: That's not true at all. Thanks to you keeping the house so clean, I'm able to feel comfortable at home.
Kanade: And you make meals that are easy to heat up and taste delicious, which helps me have more of an appetite.
Ena: It's plenty amazing that you can get Kanade to eat proper meals, since she used to skip them without a second thought whenever she was in the zone.
Mizuki: To be honest, we would love it if you could take care of Kanade forever.
Honami: Hehe. I'd be happy to.
Ena: Ah, sorry. I need to head off for school soon.
Mizuki: We won't be able to join you for the rest either since we also have places to be soon, but please send our regards to the others♪
Honami: The others...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Nonogi Park]

Ichika: Here's our last stop.
Tsukasa: Ah, they're here!
Emu: Honami! Everybody! Welcome wonderhoy♪
Honami: Oh! I didn't realize you would all be here!
Tsukasa: We wouldn't miss it! Thank you for always taking care of Saki!
Rui: Thank you for being good friends with Nene, as well.
Nene: Hey, stop that. It's not like you're my dad.
Nene: But anyway, I'm glad that we became friends. Looking forward to spending more time together.
Emu: Me too! You're my friend forever and ever, Honami!
Honami: Yes, I feel exactly the same.
Tsukasa: And now, it is time for a special performance from Wonderlands×Showtime!
Saki: Woohoo! You got this Tsukasa, everyone!
Rui: Today's show will be an interactive one, where the audience will be faced with decisions at certain moments.
Rui: Please discuss amongst yourselves and choose the option that will lead us to a happy ending.
Kohane: Wow! Sounds like fun!
Honami: It does. Let's do our best, everyone!
Ichika: Yeah!
Nene: Without further ado, the special show “Tensel and Emutel” will now begin.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000243/bg_s000243.webp)
Kanade: Happy birthday, Ms. Mochizuki.
Ena & Mizuki: Happy birthday!
Mizuki: I heard that Tsukasa and his troupe's show was really good! I wish I didn't have work so I could've seen it.
Ena: I kind of wanted to see it too. But I heard from Emu that Honami enjoyed it, so that's all that matters.
Kanade: Yeah. We weren't able to stay until the very end, but I'm glad that we were able to give our birthday wishes in person.
Mizuki: Oh yeah, true that! If you're ever free, let's hang out again sometime, Honami♪
Kohane: Happy birthday, Honami!
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Minori: I heard from Kohane that you guys were able to get a happy ending! It's too bad this overlapped with work, otherwise we could've joined too.
Haruka: It was a show based on Hansel and Gretel that ended with them making peace with the Witch, right?
Kohane: Yeah. It wasn't an easy journey, but thanks to Honami listening carefully to the Witch and knowing when to choose to fight back, we got there in the end.
Shizuku: I'm sure Honami's kindness helped you all find the path that led to everyone being happy.
Haruka: I agree. Mochizuki is such a wonderful and caring person.
Shizuku: She is. I hope you never change, Honami.
Tsukasa: Honami! Happy birthday! Good job in choosing to meet with the Witch again at the finale of the show! It wasn't an easy choice.
Rui: If you had picked otherwise and the kids went on their way, it would've led to the Witch chasing them down and caused more conflict.
Nene: I mean, the actual tale of Hansel and Gretel ends with them defeating the Witch and getting to return home, so that would've been fine too...
Emu: But then Honami was like “we don't know anything about her, so we shouldn't assume she's a bad person. I'd like to let them meet again.”
Nene: The way Mochizuki made those decisions was so cool. I want to learn to have that same kind of strength.
Saki: Hona! How did you like Gratitude Day? Did you have fun?
Ichika: She was having a hard time deciding which choice to make at certain points in the show, but I guess that just means she was serious about it.
Shiho: Yeah. Honami was a lot more invested in the characters' happiness than any of us.
Shiho: I mean, it was just a show... But it's very much like her to give it that much thought.
Ichika: Still, we can't keep relying on Honami's kindness all the time, so we need to put in the work too.
Saki: You said it! If anything, we should be spoiling Hona like we did today!
Shiho: I guess you heard it here, Honami. Just remember that you can rely on us now and again, okay?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Honami: The Gratitude Day Saki and the others prepared really was fun.
Honami: I didn't think so many people would be a part of it.
Honami: Hehe. Getting all these wonderful birthday wishes makes me want to work even harder this year.
Honami: Thank you for wishing me a happy birthday too, everyone. Let's meet again in SEKAI.
(White cut)
