867_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Guiding Resolve (event_121)

Gacha phrase: I'm...going to lead them all!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Ichika: Tell me about the things that you like or that make you happy.
(White cut)
Ichika: Seeing Hanano and her brother there together made me realize something.
Ichika: Our music brought them together and allowed them to be with someone important to them. So, how amazing would it be if we could do that for more people...?
(White cut)
Ichika: Which is why I want to bring people together through our music.
Ichika: Thinking about the things that make you happy, things you like or what you want to do might make the answer you're looking for easier to find.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: (I definitely feel a little less anxious after talking to Ichika...)
Honami: (What do I want to aspire to with our music...?)
Honami: (I still don't really know, but I have to find the answer.)
Ichika: Come to think of it, this is the opposite of that other time...
Honami: Huh? The opposite...?
Ichika: Remember when I was having trouble sleeping while writing that song for Hanano and her brother?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: Wait, Ichika, you didn't stay up all night, did you? Are you sure you're up to this?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Honami: Ichika, I know it's already pretty late, but please make sure to get to bed sooner rather than later tonight.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: Oh... Hehe. You're right.
Honami: Um, Ichika... Are the bags under my eyes noticeable?
Ichika: Hmm... Only when I'm standing right next to you. Still, people passing by might do a double take.
Honami: I see...
Ichika: Wait, sorry. Bringing them up is only going to make you worry about them, huh...?
Honami: No, you don't need to apologize.
Honami: It was actually sitting in the back of my mind when I left my house this morning.
Honami: But the thing I was much more concerned about took over during my walk to school.
Honami: I wish I'd thought further ahead about how this might make people worry...
Ichika: It's so like you to be more concerned about how others are worrying about you, Honami...
Honami: Well, I'm also embarrassed to have these bags under my eyes.
Honami: *Sigh* Do you think there's some way to quickly get rid of these?
Ichika: I can try searching for that.
Ichika: Let's see... “How to remove bags from under your eyes”...
Ichika: How about this one...? Improving blood circulation by warming up affected areas apparently works.
Honami: I see... Hmm... If only I had one of those heated eye masks they sell at pharmacies...
Ichika: What else can you warm them with...?
Ichika: Oh... Hehe...
Honami: You're giggling. Does that mean you came up with a good idea?
Ichika: A very special one.
Ichika: What if you had someone with warm hands help you?
Honami: Wait...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: I'm warm and cuddly all year round♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: Are you talking about Saki?
Ichika: Yes, and I'm sure she'll be more than happy to share some of her warmth with you.
Honami: Hehe. You're probably right, but asking her to do that might be just as embarrassing.
Ichika: True. What else is there? Massaging them?
Ichika: All these videos came up, so why don't we try watching a couple together?
Honami: Yes, let's.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Honami: Thank you for working with me again today, Mr. Shindo.
Shindo: No, it's my pleasure. You've improved quite a lot compared to our first day, Ms. Mochizuki.
Honami: I have?! Thank goodness...
Shindo: Also, about that blister... Please don't forget to treat it.
Shindo: First, cool it down with ice water or the like. And whatever you do, don't let it pop.
Honami: Okay. This isn't my first one, so I should be able to give it the proper treatment.
Shindo: I won't tell you to stop practicing until the day you're supposed to play.
Shindo: But please try to be careful.
Shindo: You've come this far, so I want to see you put on the best performance you can.
Honami: Thank you. I appreciate the concern.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: (I'm running a little late... The others are probably already here.)
KAITO (Ln): Oh, Honami...
Honami: Hello, KAITO. Have the others already arrived?
KAITO (Ln): Yes, they're in that classroom over there.
KAITO (Ln): Honami, your hand... It has a bandage on it...
Honami: Oh, this? I have a blister...
KAITO (Ln): Does it hurt...?
Honami: No, not all that much. But I do plan on taking it easy during practice today just in case.
KAITO (Ln): That seems wise...
KAITO (Ln): Anyway, shall we head over...?
Honami: Okay.
(Black cut)
Honami: Oh, that sound... I guess they've already started practicing...
Honami: (To be fair, it's better for them not to waste time waiting for me to arrive since they already knew I'd be running late...)
KAITO (Ln): ...
KAITO (Ln): They've been practicing since this morning...
Honami: What?
Honami: Wait, I thought we were starting this evening.
Saki's Voice (Saki): No, I'm sorry! I messed up the same part again!
Miku's Voice (Miku-Ln): Would a quick break help...? That might help you regain your focus.
Ichika's Voice (Ichika): But Honami's going to get here soon. I'd like to be ready to go when she does...
Shiho's Voice (Shiho): Me too. Can you keep going, Saki?
Saki's Voice (Saki): Yup!
Saki's Voice (Saki): Hona's working super hard, so I wanna do the same!
Rin's Voice (Rin-Ln): You can do it, Sakki, Ichi, Shih!
Honami: ...
Honami: Hang on... Does that mean today isn't their first time doing this...?
KAITO (Ln): They didn't want just you to be working so hard...
Honami: Girls...
Shiho's Voice (Shiho): Alright, one last time.
Ichika's Voice (Ichika): Okay! Let's do our best to perform like we never have before!
Saki's Voice (Saki): Yeah!
Honami: *Nod* Right...
Honami: We absolutely need to do our best!
(Black cut)
