899_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Fluffy Break Time (event_126)

Gacha phrase: Why don't we play with this one now?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Nonogi Park]

Saki: Here we are! Nonogi Park♪
Saki: Alright, to make sure Shibao gets to have his fill of fun with Samo and Minori next week, we gotta play... I mean, exercise to get his body loose.
Shibao: Woof!
Shiho: I definitely just heard you say, “Play”...
Honami: Hehe. That's actually completely fine. He gets bored of simple exercises really easily.
Honami: But we need to start doing more in order to get his weight under control.
Ichika: Right.
Ichika: Anyway, let's call Rin and the others over.
Honami: Okay. Thank you all for your patience.
Rin (Ln): <Yes, finally♪>
Miku (Ln): <So, what kinds of activities are we doing today?>
Saki: Our first activity will be red light, green light!
Shiho: So we are playing games. Does this really count as exercising?
Saki: Heh heh heh. This is just a warm-up.
Saki: I even came up with some special rules♪ Shibao's gonna form a pair with someone new each time, and...
(Black cut)
Miku (Ln): <Green light... Red light!>
Ichika: Shibao, stay!
Shibao: ? Pant...! Pant...!
Ichika: Huh?! N-No, you need to stay down or...!
Miku (Ln): <You're out, Ichika!>
(Black cut)
Luka (Ln): <Keep it up, Saki! Shiho and Shibao are right behind you!>
Shiho: We've got this, Shibao!
Len (Ln): <You guys are almost at Saki!>
Shibao: Woof!
Saki: No, you guys got me...!
(Black cut)
Honami: Phew... It's been so long since I last played cops and robbers.
Ichika: That ended up being a pretty intense game.
Shiho: Yeah. Good work out there, Shibao.
Shibao: Pant... Pant... Woof!
Len (Ln): <Haha. Look at his tail. He seems so happy.>
Saki: Oh, let's switch up the teams and play again! I wanna be with Shibao this time♪
Shiho: Alright, relax. Saki said she wants to be on your team, Shibao.
Shibao: Woof...
Shiho: Hm? Shibao...?
MEIKO (Ln): <Oh, he lied down. Does this mean he's tired?>
Honami: Umm... I think that's part of it, but I'm pretty sure this means he's bored...
Rin (Ln): <What?! But he looked like he was having so much fun! His tail was wagging nonstop!>
Saki: Then, instead of cops and robbers, let's play with this ball.
Saki: Alright, Shibao, let's play fetch! Go get it!
Shibao: ...
KAITO (Ln): <Umm... He definitely just saw you throw the ball...>
Luka (Ln): <And he just watched it fly away.>
Honami: Shibao... Everyone agreed to gather here today just for you.
Honami: This is your favorite ball, isn't it?
Shibao: ...
Ichika: Haha. He looked the other way.
Shiho: To be fair, that's probably to be expected since I've heard that Shibas like to do things at their own pace.
Shiho: They're apparently stubborn too, so I have a feeling that...
Honami: Right... He isn't going to move until I say, “Let's go home.”
Shibao: ...! Woof!
Saki, Ichika & Shiho: Oh...
Ichika: His ears perked up when you said that.
Honami: Oh, Shibao. We're trying to get your weight under control, remember?
Shibao: ...
Honami: Wait, why'd you sit down? Please, stand up...!
Shibao: ...!
KAITO (Ln): <He seems very resistant...>
Saki: Oh, I've seen this before! It's how Shibas say, “No!”
Rin (Ln): <Haha! He's not budging at all! And the way you're tugging is making his face scrunch up!>
Shiho: Yeah. That's really cute...
Ichika: Shiho...
Honami: Shibao, please...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato, Akito Shinonome, Rui Kamishiro)

[Competition Venue]

Minori: Oh, Shinonome and Max are back!
Honami: Congratulations!
Rui: Congratulations. You and Max put on a spectacular performance.
Ishihara: Yeah, especially with your last throw! That was mind-blowingly awesome!
Honami: I was honestly a little startled since you never practiced doing such a long throw.
Minori: But what you did was super cool! That was definitely the loudest the crowd's gotten so far!
Akito: Hear that, Max...?
Max: Woof...!
Akito: For now, let's try to catch our breath before the next round starts.
Honami: There's a bench over there that you can use. Why don't you both...?
Minori: That's!
Honami: Huh...?!
Akito: What's wrong? Why are you shouting?
Minori: Oh, I'm sorry! But I just saw Samo... I mean, another Samoyed over there!
Rui: Oh, look at that. I think it's also in this competition...
Minori: I knew it! Wow! I didn't know Samoyeds could do disc dog...!
Akito: Your dog did seem to have fun while we practiced, Hanasato.
Rui: Hm? Ah, are you looking for a Shiba...?
Honami: Oh...
Honami: Yes... I was hoping to see one make a couple spectacular catches...
Honami: But I'm not seeing any. Does this mean Western dogs are more suited for this sport?
Ishihara: I think it's just that none happen to be in today's competition. I've seen some before at other ones.
Honami: Really...?!
Honami: I'm having such a hard time seeing Shibao do anything like this. On top of stubbornly liking to do things at his own pace, he gets bored so easily...
Ishihara: Haha. He did seem like the epitome of his breed.
Honami: He really is...
Honami: My bandmates and I played with him the other day, but he still ended up sitting down after getting bored.
Honami: They seemed to really enjoy how I got his face to scrunch up when he refused to move towards the end...
Akito: Scrunch up...?
Honami: Oh, it's what happens when Shibas refuse to go for a walk or return home.
Rui: Yes, I've heard that their faces become all scrunched when they resist as you pull on their leash.
Minori: It's a famous phenomenon among dog lovers! I think it's really cute how their breed's characteristics show like that.
Akito: Cute? That makes them sound like a handful to me.
Honami: Haha... Yes, he is a handful, and I get a little embarrassed whenever someone sees us in that situation.
Honami: But it's natural for things to not go the way either of us want. After all, we're both living creatures.
Minori: Right! Even dogs that are the same breed can have totally different personalities and preferences!
Rui: Ah, just like us humans...
Akito: Yeah.
Max: Woof!
Honami: Oh... Hehe. I think Max is saying that he agrees.
Ishihara: Yeah.
Ishihara: No, wait... He might be trying to tell us that he's worked up an appetite after running around so much...
Akito: So, bone appetit...?
Rui: Ah, that's very clever of you...
Akito: Huh? What's that supposed to mean?
Rui: Nothing. I was genuinely impressed by your response.
Max: ?
Honami: Hehe. I hope your hard work is rewarded with a big feast, Max.
Max: Woof...!
(Black cut)
