913_Honami Mochizuki_R2 Let's All Get Along♪ (event_128)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Supermarket]

Honami: Hmm... Well, I'm here...
Honami: But I still don't know what to make for Saki and Ichika.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: You're bringing something for them?
Honami: Yes. Remember how they're going to be holding a songwriting camp soon?
Honami: I want to show my support by bringing something for them.
Shiho: Yeah, good point... I might get them something too.
Shiho: But what...? Saki and Ichika would probably like it if...
Shiho: I got them some snacks...? Something they can both munch on while working?
Shiho: Do you know what you're going to bring, Honami?
Honami: *Nod* I'm thinking about making dinner for them.
Shiho: Dinner?
Honami: I'm afraid that they're going to forget to eat if they get too focused on songwriting.
Honami: And even if they've already eaten, they can always have what I make the next day.
Shiho: I see. I think that's a great way for you to show them your support.
Honami: Thank you. I plan on doing what I can for them.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (Still, what should I make...?)
Honami: (They'll probably be feeling tired after using their brains to come up with good ideas...)
Honami: (Oh, then... How about curry? Something with a spicy kick might be just what they'll be craving.)
Honami: Okay. Curry it is.
Honami: (So, let's start looking for ingredients...)
Honami: (Let's see... It's been a long time, but based on the curry I had at everyone's houses...)
Honami: (Saki's family... The curry they made was fairly mild.)
Honami: (Also, I remember them saying how it's “loaded with veggies”. They were cut into very big blocks. Hehe. I had a lot of fun that time.)
Honami: (Ichika's family makes theirs a little spicy.)
Honami: (Hehe. This is so nostalgic... And it's interesting how each family makes their curry a little differently.)
Honami: Wait, I'm not supposed to be reminiscing right now. Let's see... What do I need...?
Honami: (If I want them to both enjoy it...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Imaginary Ichika (Ichika): “Make it a little spicy, if you could.”
Imaginary Saki (Saki): “What?! I like my curry mild! Also, can you cut the veggies into big blocks for me♪”
Honami: (Oh, they won't agree on the spice level...)
Honami: (Hmm... What should I do about that...?)
Honami: (Oh, that reminds me. Grated apples... That can help keep things mild.)
Honami: (Plus, apples give curry a richer flavor...)
Imaginary Ichika (Ichika): “Yes, please. I like it when curry has a rich taste to it.”
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: Hehe. That solves that problem...
Honami: The sauce will be a little spicy, but the vegetables and grated apples should help make it mild yet flavorful.
Honami: Which I'm hoping they'll both enjoy.
Honami: Let's see... What else do I need...?
Honami: If I want it to give them a boost of energy, then I suppose beef is the way to go?
Honami: Alright, I'll head over to the meat section after I pick out my vegetables.
Seafood Clerk: Attention, customers! We are now having a limited-time sale!
Seafood Clerk: All seafood is currently thirty percent off! Please make sure to stop by!
Honami: What?! Thirty percent off?!
Honami: And it all looks very fresh. I almost feel bad receiving such a big discount...
Honami: (I was thinking about buying some beef, but I can't let this opportunity slip...)
Honami: Okay, seafood curry it is...
Seafood Clerk: Ah, Miss. If it's curry that you're making, then I recommend the squid, shrimp and scallops over in this corner!
Honami: Oh, you do? Wow, they're so big...!
Honami: (Just wait, Saki, Ichika...! The seafood curry I'm about to make is going to be delicious!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Main Street]

Saki: We're done!
Honami: Hehe. Truly, thank you both for all your hard work.
Ichika: Thank goodness Mr. Shindo said it's a good representation of what Leo/need is going to sound like in the future.
Shiho: Yeah, I had a feeling he'd respond well to it. I mean, it is an incredible song.
Ichika: Hehe. Thanks.
Shiho: Still, it's a bit hard to believe that you two ended up having a fight over it...
Saki: Haha... I'm really sorry about that, Ichi.
Ichika: No, I'm sorry too. I didn't mean for things to get so heated.
Shiho: To be fair, I think it's important for us to butt heads from time to time since it's sorta normal for bands.
Honami: Still, you two hardly ever fight. Saki and Shiho sometimes have disagreements...
Honami: But you always acted as the diplomat, Ichika.
Ichika: And you were always there to smooth things out whenever I couldn't get them to make up, Honami.
Saki: Oh, I remember! That was basically how all our arguments got resolved!
Shiho: Yeah, that happened a few times, but not that often...
Saki: No way! Don't you remember all the arguments we used to have?!
Saki: I do! All of them!
Saki: For example, that field trip we went on in elementary school. You kept rushing ahead and leaving us all behind...
Saki: Also, when we went to the zoo together, you refused to move from that one spot! We didn't know what to do that time.
Shiho: Huh...?
Shiho: That really happened...?
Saki: Yes, really! Argh! You always do your own thing and forget about the people around you, Shiho!
Shiho: Hey, look at yourself. Your whims have driven you for as long as I can remember.
Saki: No, this isn't about me! We're talking about you right—
Ichika: O-Okay, settle down... Let's all take a deep breath...
Ichika: It's all ancient history, so...
Saki & Shiho: It's not! It's not.
Ichika: Oh, sorry...
Ichika: What do we do, Honami...?
Honami: I also remember what happened at the zoo that time, Shiho. You really did refuse to move from your spot...
Saki: Oh, yes! Thank you, Hona!
Shiho: You do?
Honami: Yes. I believe we were still in elementary school.
Honami: Saki's mom took us all that time. And when we went to the petting area with all the cats, you refused to leave...
Ichika: Petting area? Cats...?
Ichika: Oh, I remember now. Saki and I went off to look at the other animals.
Honami: Yes, that's right. We talked with Saki and decided to form two pairs.
Honami: I ended up staying with Shiho... But there's a reason why she didn't want to leave.
Saki: What reason?
Honami: So, there was this one kitten who got separated from its mother.
Honami: It looked so sad when Shiho found it all by itself, so she decided to help find its parent.
Saki: What?!
Shiho: Oh, now I remember...
Shiho: I was sure that I'd be able to find its mom right away, but it wasn't happening... I ended up asking Honami for help...
Honami: Hehe. We were both so relieved after we did reunite them. I remember them also being really happy.
Saki: Really...?
Shiho: Also, how do you remember all this so clearly...?
Honami: How? Because reuniting them after looking with you for so long made me really happy.
Saki: I had no idea...
Saki: I-I'm so sorry, Shiho! I should've helped. Then the four of us could've gone around to see the other animals.
Shiho: It's okay since it was my fault for not saying anything. So, I'm sorry...
Saki: No, it was my fault for misunderstanding...
Honami: Hehe. I guess this means they've made up.
Ichika: Oh...
Ichika: Well played, Honami.
(Black cut)
