963_Honami Mochizuki_R4 What I Couldn't Say (event_137)

Gacha phrase: I'm so sorry, Ichika...!!!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: Do we all have a drink ready?
Rin & Saki: Yup♪
Ichika: We're all set.
Miku (Ln): Same here.
Honami: Then...
Honami: Here's to the release of Leo/need's debut CD!
Honami, Saki, Ichika & Shiho: Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
Saki: Mmm! You've just gotta have an orange juice after becoming a pro musician!
Ichika: Didn't you drink the same thing while we were writing that song?
Shiho: Also, I remember you drinking orange juice during lunch yesterday.
Saki: Wait, why am I getting the third degree all of a sudden?! Let's just enjoy the party!
Honami: (Our CD's been released...)
Honami: (So much happened after Mr. Shindo reached out to us.)
Honami: (We did that solo show and our Thank You Show, then I became the leader of Leo/need...)
Honami: (It's already been a long journey, but the days have also gone by so fast.)
Shiho: Honami...? What's got you grinning like that? Also, you're all by yourself over here.
Honami: Huh? Did my grin look that funny?
Shiho: Well, I can't say. But we can try finding someone else who also saw.
Honami: Oh, there you go teasing me again...
Shiho: Sorry... You just looked really happy is all, so I thought I'd ask.
Honami: Oh, so...
Rin (Ln): Hona! Stop!
Honami: Huh?
Rin (Ln): You gotta save that for the interview♪
Rin (Ln): So, Ms. Hona, as the leader of Leo/need, how do you feel right now?!
Honami: Y-You're interviewing me?
KAITO (Ln): Is that plastic bottle supposed to be your microphone?
Len (Ln): Also, Ms. Hona...?
MEIKO (Ln): Why don't we let her continue?
Luka (Ln): Actually, I've been wanting to ask you all the same thing.
Miku (Ln): Would you mind playing along for a bit, Honami?
Honami: O-Okay.
Honami: So, how I feel right now?
Honami: I was actually just thinking about all the things that happened after Mr. Shindo discovered us...
Honami: We threw everything we had at our solo show in order to get our big chance, and I remember being so nervous when I was filling in our contract with my mom...
Honami: Those things feel like they happened just yesterday, but now our song's being played all throughout Shibuya.
Honami: The thought of that excited me so much. It's like we've really accomplished something, and I can kind of feel proud of what we've done.
Honami: So, that's why...
Honami: I feel really happy!
Honami: Oh...
Rin (Ln): That's perfect, Hona! Nice job♪
Rin (Ln): Alright, next! Sakki, our eyes just met, so you're up!
Saki: W-Wait, what?! There's no way I can follow that interview!
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Haha. Hehe.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Honami's Room]

Honami: I experienced something so incredible today...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
MEIKO (Ln): I think I see some people on the other platform. It looks like...
Honami: ...?!
(White cut)
Honami: Ichika, wait! It's not what you think!
(White cut)
Honami: What you said to me then made me so happy!!
Honami: I'd become an outcast in class...! And I absolutely dreaded going to school each day...!
Honami: But you worked up the courage to come talk to me. You showed genuine concern...!
Honami: You don't know how happy that made me!!
(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: I was finally able to tell her what I couldn't back then...
Honami: But...
Honami: That wasn't the real Ichika, was it...?
Honami: (Does that mean I should try to tell her...?)
Honami: (I think she'd appreciate that...)
Honami: (But I feel like that'd be really self-serving...)
Honami: (It would feel wrong somehow...)
Honami: (I need to do more. I need to do something she'll really like...)
Honami: Oh, I know.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Honami: Let me open the lunch I made now. Ta-daa!
Ichika: Oh wow! There's so much. It's like we're on a picnic now.
Ichika: These meatballs look really good. Oh, so do the sausage octopuses, this spinach and the little omelets.
Honami: I also made some rabbits out of apple slices and baked a batch of cookies for dessert.
Ichika: Wow, look at that!
Ichika: I really love your lunches and the cookies you bake, Honami.
Ichika: I can really have all of this? Shiho probably won't say anything, but Saki might get pouty...
Honami: I plan to make some for them and bring it over to practice this weekend, so don't worry.
Ichika: Really? Then, if it's alright with you, I won't be holding back.
Honami: *Nod* I made it just for you, so it's all yours.
Ichika: Okay, I'm digging in!
Ichika: Starting with these omelets... No, wait... Saki isn't here to steal them, so I can save them for a change.
Ichika: Then, I'll begin with...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Elementary School Honami (Honami): G-Give me my hat back...!
Elementary School Boys: Heh heh. If you really want it back, take it back. Hey, catch!
Elementary School Ichika (Ichika): Heeey!!!
Elementary School Ichika (Ichika): Leave Honami alone you big bullies!!!
(White cut)
Elementary School Honami (Honami): Thank you for helping me the other day, Ichika.
Elementary School Honami (Honami): Umm... My mom and I made a lunch and baked some cookies as a way to thank you. Would you like to have them together?
Elementary School Ichika (Ichika): You did? Yay! I really love the lunches and cookies your mom makes!
Elementary School Ichika (Ichika): Nom nom... These meatballs are so good, Honami!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (I couldn't really think of any other way to thank her besides what I did back then...)
Ichika: Mmm! These meatballs are so good, Honami!
Honami: Oh...
Honami: Hehe.
Ichika: Huh? Is something wrong?
Honami: No, nothing's wrong. I'm glad that I put in the effort to make everything, is all.
Honami: (Ichika, I...)
Honami: (I want to become much stronger... As the leader of Leo/need.)
Honami: (I want to feel strong... So I can look at you now, the you I saw at the station and the you who helped me that day with my head held high.)
Honami: (For everyone's sake and my own sake. I'm going to do my best to make that happen.)
(Black cut)
