989_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Test Of Courage 2?! (event_141)

Gacha phrase: Ohh... I-It's so dark...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Vacant Classroom]

Honami: Phew... We managed to make it to the meeting on time.
Kohane: I thought for sure we were going to be late because of how long that assembly was taking.
Kohane: Anyway, why don't we sit over in those empty chairs there?
Honami: Yes, let's.
Kohane: What do you think we'll be doing today?
Honami: Hmm... We took care of the flower beds in the courtyard last time, so if we follow the same schedule as last year...
Cleanup Committee Member: Alright, I'd like to get this meeting started.
Cleanup Committee Member: Many flowers are blooming beautifully now because of the wonderful work you did with their beds last time.
Cleanup Committee Member: So, just like last year, I'd like for us to pick a few flowers to put in vases to display around the school.
Kohane: Oh... Does that mean we get to choose the flowers?
Cleanup Committee Member: I'll be assigning you all your own locations, but you'll only have a limited time to choose which flowers you'd like to use. The vases are stored in...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Honami: Then, let's try choosing from this bed.
Kohane: Okay!
Kohane: I see flowers displayed around the school from time to time, but I didn't know that the cleanup committee was responsible for them.
Kohane: I always thought they were pretty, but never really considered who was placing them there...
Honami: The cleanup committee comes to school very early in the morning to do it, so it makes sense that you wouldn't notice.
Honami: Also, different flowers bloom during different parts of the year, so we can't keep the school decorated year-round.
Honami: But for that very reason, I'd like to choose a flower that will help brighten up everyone's day, even just a little bit.
Kohane: I see...
Kohane: I also want to do my best to choose a flower that everyone will think is beautiful!
Honami: Yes, let's both do our best!
(Black cut)
Kohane: Hmm... There really are a lot of different types here. I'm having trouble choosing...
Kohane: How do you always pick them, Honami?
Honami: Well, I try to think about how people will feel when they see them...
Kohane: How they're going to feel...?
Honami: For example, these pink petunias are very cute, so they would cheer people up a little...
Honami: On the other hand, this violet scarlet sage has a bit of a calming quality to it.
Kohane: Right... It is important to think about what people will feel about them.
Kohane: In that case, I want everyone in school to see just how cute flowers can be...
Honami: Then, you have your choice of the petunia I just mentioned... Oh, or those white pansies over there!
Kohane: Wow... Their petals are so adorably tiny!
Kohane: Okay, I've made my decision. I'm choosing pansies. Thanks for the advice, Honami.
Honami: Hehe. You're welcome.
Honami: I hope everyone sees why you chose them, Kohane.
Kohane: Me too!
Kohane: Have you already made your decision, Honami?
Honami: I have a list of candidates, but I'm having trouble choosing just one...
Honami: The ones that look the most beautiful right now are the vervains, petunias and marigolds...
Kohane: Wow, these marigolds have such a gorgeous color to them. Just looking at them makes me smile for some reason...
Honami: I agree. I feel like these can help me get through my least favorite subjects.
Honami: But it's also hard to say no to these petunias. I mean, they're just so cute. Which should I choose...?
Honami: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kohane: Is something the matter?
Honami: So... I just remembered some flowers Ichika told me about the other day, as well as what they symbolize. Petunias were among them...
Kohane: Really? What do petunias symbolize?
Honami: If I recall... They symbolize tranquility or peace of mind.
Kohane: Wow, that's so beautiful...!
Honami: So, I think I'll also go with the petunias. Not only are they cute and pink...
Honami: They symbolize the way I want everyone to feel. My hope is that these will be soothing and relaxing...
Kohane: Yeah, that's really great...! They're also a great reflection of who you are!
Honami: Hehe. Thank you. Then, I think we're both decided.
Kohane: We're just making our choices today, right? We won't actually be putting them on display until later.
Honami: Yes, but we'll need to get to school a little early... That being said, I'm sure everyone will appreciate seeing all these cute flowers everywhere.
Honami: So, let's do our best to wake up early...!
Kohane: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shizuku Hinomori, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Sewing Lounge]

Mizuki: I've finished putting in the basting stitches for this costume, Honami.
Honami: Thank you. I really appreciate you doing that.
Honami: I've also reached a nice point to stop, so why don't we take a quick break here?
Mizuki: Yeah, sounds good!
Mizuki: Still, you looked like a total pro while working with the sewing machine just now! Do you use them a lot?
Honami: Yes, I've enjoyed making handicrafts since I was little, but I also use sewing machines quite a lot to adjust the sizes on Shibao's clothes...
Mizuki: Shibao?
Honami: Oh, that's right.. I have a pet dog named Shibao, but it's so difficult to find clothes in his size...
Honami: It feels like such a shame whenever I find something cute for him to wear that doesn't fit. Which is why I've taken it upon myself to alter them myself.
Mizuki: Oh, okay! That definitely explains why you know your way around a sewing machine!
Honami: I appreciate the compliment.
Honami: But you're very good as well, Mizuki. You work so smoothly and without hesitation...
Mizuki: You think so? I do sorta make alterations to clothes on a regular basis.
Mizuki: I'll find cute clothes whenever I go shopping, but they're always missing that little something that I think would make them perfect!
Mizuki: So, I'll add a bit of lace, give it some gather and stuff... And alter it just the way I like!
Honami: I see... That's so impressive.
Shizuku: Thank you both for being so patient.
Mizuki: Hi, Shizuku! What's up?!
Honami: I hope work went well.
Shizuku: I'm so sorry for being late. What were you two working on just now...?
Honami: We actually just reached a nice point where we could take a break. We've just about finished putting in the basting stitches for everything.
Honami: You're going to make some alterations to something you already have, yes?
Shizuku: Yes! It's...
Shizuku: This! I'm going to use it to become a yuki-onna!
Honami: Wow, what a beautiful haori! It's pure white...
Mizuki: Yeah! Imagine Shizuku appearing in front of you while wearing this! She'd definitely make my heart stop...!
Shizuku: Oh, your heart? We wouldn't want that... I need to be careful not to scare everyone I encounter on the day of.
Mizuki: I mean, it is sorta your job as a scarer to jump out at people...
Honami: In any case, this haori should be perfect for our test of courage.
Shizuku: I actually bought this during our school trip to Kyoto. I immediately fell in love with it after seeing it on display in one of the shops...
Shizuku: I even got to be a part of the Hyakki Yako Parade as a yuki-onna!
Shizuku: Using this handheld fan that makes it snow!
Honami: Wow, that's incredible... It's like you're putting on a little show for us.
Shizuku: Hehe. I actually borrowed this from Kamishiro. I asked Tsukasa to ask him after I decided to help with your test of courage.
Shizuku: It's strange how running into him during that school trip is coming back around to help me like this.
Honami & Mizuki: Huh...?
Honami: I didn't realize you both knew him... We really do live in a small world.
Honami: Still, Kamishiro did such a wonderful job with this device. He never ceases to amaze me...
Mizuki: Yeah, it is pretty amazing... But this is surprisingly subdued considering it's something Rui made.
Mizuki: I mean, we're talking about someone who likes to make things that create lightning or trick floors that launch people up and other crazy stuff.
Shizuku: He can make those kinds of devices?! That's remarkable...!
Honami: Yes, he must be quite the engineer...
Honami: I've seen a few of their shows that involved armies of robots and drones. Kamishiro is responsible for making all of them, isn't he?
Honami: The way they all moved was so cute that I couldn't help but smile.
Mizuki: Oh, those are also on the less crazy side!
Mizuki: But that reminds me of this one device that made me totally crack up!
Shizuku: Oh, what kind of device was it?
Mizuki: You're never gonna guess... It was this thing that would play recordings of Tsukasa's voice whenever you pressed the button.
Honami: Huh? Tsukasa's voice...?
Mizuki: Yeah. They were recordings of things he'd said, but they were all really hilarious.
Mizuki: For example, his trademark “Hah hah hah!” laugh... And the way he shouts, “Whaaat?!” whenever he's surprised!
Mizuki: And that happens every time you press the button. I think I did a year's worth of laughing that time.
Honami: Hehe. A button that makes you laugh each time you press it. That's so wonderful.
Shizuku: Yes, it is. Can you tell us what other recordings there were?
Mizuki: Umm... There was also his line about Tenma being written as “soaring pegasus”! And...
(Black cut)
