1001_Honami Mochizuki_R3 Discovering The Joys Of Drumming (event_143)

Gacha phrase: This is what drumming is...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki)

[Honami's Room]

Honami: So much happened today...
Honami: Not only was the offer we received regarding FizzYum Cider a wonderful surprise, we got to have a fun party in SEKAI too.
Honami: And the stories about our childhood were so nostalgic.
Honami: Listening to Ichika reminded me of when I first learned to play the drums...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Music Teacher: Alright, Mochizuki, are you ready to start learning how to play the drums?
Little Honami (Honami): Yes, I'm ready!
Music Teacher: Ah, excellent. Then, let's begin by teaching your hands how to create a steady rhythm.
Music Teacher: I'll start the metronome... You tap the snare, okay? That's the leftmost drum.
Little Honami (Honami): O-Okay! I'll try...!
Little Honami (Honami): (So... I'm supposed to tap the drum whenever it clicks, right?)
Little Honami (Honami): I didn't know it made this kind of sound!
Music Teacher: Hehe. It's nice, right?
Music Teacher: There's a way to make it produce an even more fun sound. I'll show you that a little later.
Music Teacher: But before I do, you should first learn what playing the drums entails.
Little Honami (Honami): What it entails...?
Music Teacher: Yes. I'm sure you've seen other people play the drums before, but you play using both hands and both feet.
Music Teacher: Try tapping the cymbals to your left like you did with the snare drum just now.
Little Honami (Honami): Okay!
Little Honami (Honami): Oh, I thought it would be much louder... It produces more of a clink instead of a clang.
Music Teacher: So, you can produce different kinds of sounds with those cymbals.
Music Teacher: See the pedal at the bottom? Try tapping them again after depressing that.
Little Honami (Honami): Umm... The pedal...? Oh, this one?
Little Honami (Honami): Huh? It sounds completely different...!
Music Teacher: See what I mean? So, let's try putting what you just learned into practice.
Music Teacher: Next, I want you to tap like normal and then depress the pedal.
Little Honami (Honami): Okay!
Music Teacher: Yes, that's it! Now repeat what you just did.
Music Teacher: Good! Alright, now, I'll play something while using every piece of this kit.
Little Honami (Honami): Wow...!
Little Honami (Honami): (This seems really cool all of a sudden...!)
Little Honami (Honami): (And you can produce all these different sounds at the same time...!)
Little Honami (Honami): (Incredible...! This is what you can do on the drums...!)
(Black cut)
Music Teacher: Alright, why don't we stop here for today.
Music Teacher: Keep practicing what I taught you to do on the snare drum today. It's okay to go at your own pace.
Little Honami (Honami): I will!
Little Honami (Honami): Thank you very much for doing this. I had a lot of fun!
Music Teacher: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
Music Teacher: I was actually worried whether I'd be able to teach you properly because it'd been a while since I last played the drums.
Little Honami (Honami): Oh, did you use to be in a band...?
Music Teacher: Yes, I was in the Light Music Club during high school.
Music Teacher: I don't know how good a teacher I'm going to be, but I promise to do my best to keep nurturing your interest in playing the drums.
Little Honami (Honami): Thank you! I also promise to do my best!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: Right off the bat, that teacher showed me just how much fun it is to play the drums...
Honami: I was so worried at first, but that quickly turned into wanting to practice and get better.
Honami: Such a wonderful teacher.
Honami: I wonder if you still remember me.
Honami: No, you don't have to remember me. I just hope that you get a chance to hear our song someday.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Honami: (Everyone's so motivated.)
Honami: (Having Mr. Shindo find a studio where we can practice for an extended period was definitely the right call.)
Honami: (We can focus on practicing without having to worry about how much time we have left...!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shindo: Writing this song is obviously important, but please also make sure to keep practicing.
Shindo: Don't forget that you need to start preparing for Jam Fest soon.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (Ichika and Saki put an inordinate amount of effort into our debut song.)
Honami: (While they worked on that, Shiho spent hours and hours practicing with me as the rhythm section...)
Honami: (That means I...)
Honami: (As the leader of Leo/need and the drummer, I have to pull everyone in the right direction...!)
(Black cut)
Ichika: Huff... Huff... That was a pretty good run.
Saki: Yeah, that felt super easy...! You did a great job of leading us, Hona♪
Shiho: I agree. I hope you'll do the same thing for our other songs.
Honami: Yes, that's the plan!
Honami: (Thank goodness! I was able to lead them properly...!)
Honami: (Then, next...)
Saki: Hey, wanna do another run while we still have this feeling fresh in our heads?
Shiho: Sure. Count us in, Honami.
Honami: I understand why you're all so motivated, but I think it's about time for a break.
Saki: Huh? But I can still... Wait, what?! We've already been at it for three hours?!
Ichika: You're right!
Honami: I had a feeling that none of you had noticed...
Honami: (Not only is it my job to lead us, it's also my responsibility to tell us when to stop.)
Shindo: I bought lunch for all of you. Why don't you take a break...?
Shindo: Ah, are you already taking one...?
Honami: Oh, we just decided to take one.
Shindo: Then, perfect.
Shindo: Knowing all of you, I had a feeling that you'd be intensely focused on practicing.
Shindo: And it seems that I wasn't entirely wrong...
Shindo: Thank you, Ms. Mochizuki. You showed excellent leadership.
Honami: Thank you! I know that this is also an important part of my job.
Shindo: You've also improved quite a lot as performers.
Shindo: That's of course a result of all the hard work you've been putting in each day.
Shindo: You in particular, Ms. Mochizuki. I feel that the sound you produce on the drums has changed somewhat.
Honami: Huh? M-Me...?
Shindo: It's like you're doing your absolute best for your bandmates.
Shindo: I believe your strong will and dedication to this band have allowed the sound you produce on the drums to evolve.
Honami: Thank you very much...!
Shiho: Strong will and dedication... That does sum you up pretty well, Honami.
Saki: Oh, is that why we were able to play really well just now?!
Ichika: Yeah, I think so.
Honami: Hehe. I certainly hope so.
Shindo: Oh, please take your lunches before I forget about them. I bought a few different types for you all to share...
Honami, Ichika, Shiho & Saki: Thank you!
Ichika: They're all different. Any preferences?
Shiho: The early bird gets the worm. I'm thinking the box of ginger fried pork.
Saki: What?! That's the one I want! Hona, don't let Shiho steal it!
Honami: Then, how about rock paper scissors? Would that be okay with you, Shiho?
Shiho: I can't just have it?
Saki: When pigs fly♪
Honami: Oh...
Honami, Ichika, Saki & Shiho: Hehe. Haha♪
(Black cut)
