1021_Honami Mochizuki_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: That would be such a precious memento...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Good work today, everyone.
Saki: Good work! We sure got a lot of practice done, huh!
Miku (Ln): You played well. You even nailed the parts that gave you trouble yesterday.
Honami: It's thanks to the advice everyone gave us.
Shiho: This song should be done on-schedule if we keep up at this pace.
Luka (Ln): It'll feel good to wrap it up cleanly before we move on to prep work, won't it?
Rin (Ln): Prep work? For what?
Len (Ln): Pay attention, will you?
Ichika: Honami's birthday is coming up, remember?
Saki: Right. And she said she wanted to do a show with everyone for her birthday present.
KAITO (Ln): We discussed the setlist just the other day.
Rin (Ln): Oh, right! Happy birthday, Hona♪
MEIKO (Ln): Wait, wait! It's not her birthday yet!
Rin (Ln): Huh? Oh! Oh, right! Forget I said that!
Honami: Hehe. Thanks.
Luka (Ln): We need to plan what else we're doing to celebrate, too.
Shiho: Well, of course, we'll get a bunch of her favorite foods.
Saki: So, the apple pie from that shop you mentioned is your new favorite lately, right?
Len (Ln): Look forward to our show, too!
KAITO (Ln): If there's anything you'd like us to perform, please let us know.
Ichika: And... Hmm, what else?
Miku (Ln): What kind of festivities would make you happiest, Honami?
Honami: I-I really don't need anything this elaborate.
Honami: I'm just happy you're all celebrating with me.
Shiho: Hmm. So, no apple pie needed, then?
Honami: Huh?! U-Um, well... I would like some...
Saki: Haha, you're always so honest, Hona!
MEIKO (Ln): If I recall, you said you were going out for your birthday?
Rin (Ln): Ooh, that's nice! Going out someplace for your birthday would be so awesome! Where are you going?
Honami: A place called Bow-Wow Wonder Bark Park.
Len (Ln): It sounds like there'll be a lot of dogs there.
Honami: Hehe. I think so, yes. It's a theme park specially made for dogs and the people who love them.
Saki: They have huge dog runs, restaurants that you can go in with your dog, and all sorts of other stuff.
Shiho: It's pretty highly rated among dog owners, right?
Honami: Yes. I know Hanasato has wanted to go for a long time.
Ichika: So, since Honami's birthday is coming up, we figured it would be a great excuse to all go together.
Miku (Ln): It sounds like Shibao will have a good time, too.
Honami: I showed him a video of the park, and he seemed excited.
Luka (Ln): Hehe. It sounds like it will be a fun day.
KAITO (Ln): Shibao...
MEIKO (Ln): What's wrong, KAITO?
KAITO (Ln): Oh, uh, I was just thinking I haven't gotten to see him lately...
Rin (Ln): Hahaha! You really want to hang out with Bashi, huh?
KAITO (Ln): Y-Yeah...
Honami: In that case, I'll make sure to take lots of photos and videos of Shibao, just for you.
KAITO (Ln): Thank you... I'm looking forward to it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Honami's birthday]

[Bow-Wow Wonder Bark Park]

Samo: Woof! Woof!
Minori: Aah! Samo! Wait for me! Settle down!
Saki: Hahaha♪ He's running all over the place!
Kohane: With all this space to run around in, I can understand how he feels.
Haruka: It's a pretty area, too. Just perfect for a good run.
Honami: Shibao seems a bit restless, himself.
Ichika: There sure are a lot of people here. And so many different kinds of dogs.
Emu: Ooh, is that a Yorkshire terrier over there? What a cutie pie!
Shiho: And that looks like a golden retriever. That's a big dog...
Honami: They all look like they're having so much fun. It is a bit of a long trip, but I'm glad it's just as nice a place as it looked online.
Samo: Woof! Woof!
Minori: Samooo! Sit! Sit, boy! Oh no, he's not listening at all!
Minori: H-Hey, everyone! I don't think Samo can wait any longer, so can we go to the dog run?!
Honami: Hehe, that sounds good. You want to go too, don't you, Shibao?
Shibao: Woof!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori)

[Bow-Wow Wonder Bark Park]

Honami: Shibao, over here!
Shibao: Pant... Pant... Pant... Woof!
Honami: Good boy. You got the ball, huh? Good boy!
Samo: Woof! Woof!
Minori: You did good too, Sam...oh!
Minori: I-I don't need a hug! You can just give me the ball!
Haruka: Watching Shibao and Samo play sure is soothing.
Kohane: Yes, they're so cute. I've taken so many photos already.
Saki: Look how much Hona is smiling, too! She looks like she's having so much fun.
Emu: It's such a shiny, happy smile☆
Ichika: Hehe. I'm glad we invited her out here. I know, since we're here, why don't we get some playing in too?
Ichika: Shibao! Come here, boy!
Shibao: Woof?
Honami: Go play with Ichika, Shibao.
Shibao: Woof!
Ichika: Oh...
Honami: Not over here! Go say hi to Ichika! She's over there!
Kohane: He's running in circles around Honami...
Shiho: I guess we know who his favorite human is.
Ichika: I-I need to try harder to get him to warm up to me...!
(Black cut)
Emu: Aaah, I'm all full! That was really tasty!
Kohane: It was. Even Samo and Shibao's food looked tasty, honestly.
Haruka: The menu for dogs was really elaborate. They even had quiches and pancakes and everything.
Ichika: They ate with such good manners, too. I was impressed.
Shibao: Woof!
Minori: Now that we've had lunch, what should we do next?
Saki: There's so much, it's hard to pick just one... Hmm?
Ichika: What is it?
Saki: Look! It says they take photos for you here!
Honami: Oh, I saw that online. They have a professional photographer who will take photos for you.
Shiho: Oh, like a commemorative photo?
Minori: I know! Since it's your birthday, why don't you go get one taken?
Saki: That sounds great! It's sure to be a nice keepsake!
Honami: Maybe I will, since we're here... Ah, but in that case, I'd want a photo with everyone, to remember the day.
Emu: Ooh! Like a group photo from a school trip♪
Minori: Yeah! That would be fun!
Camera Operator: Hello there. Would you like a photo with your furry friend?
Honami: Um, yes! Would it be possible for all of us to be in the photo together?
Camera Operator: Of course, that's fine. Right over here, please.
Saki: Okay!
Ichika: You should be in the middle, Honami.
Saki: Let's have Samo and Shibao next to each other!
Emu: Yeah! So Minori can go right next to Honami!
Shiho: Then I'll stand here.
Kohane: Um, I should be okay right here?
Camera Operator: Are you all ready? Here we go! Three, two, one...
(Black cut)
Emu: What a super-duper wonderhoy picture! Everyone's smiling sooo bright!
Honami: Yes. I'm so happy. This is such a wonderful memory already.
Minori: Hehehe, I'm so glad! It's a great memory for us too!
Shiho: Nice of them to print us each out a copy.
Saki: Hey, I know! Since it's a commemoration and all, why don't we sign Hona's photo?
Honami: Sign?
Saki: You know, write birthday messages!
Honami: Oh, that would be so wonderful! I think I might cry every time I see the photo...
Haruka: If it would mean that much to you, that's all the more reason to do it.
Kohane: R-Right. I'll do my best to write something that will make you smile!
Shiho: Writing is fine and all, but shouldn't we actually say it first?
Honami: Huh?
Ichika: Oh, we haven't said it properly yet, huh.
Minori: Oh, I don't think we have! Okay, let's all say it together!
Saki: In that case... Ahem! Okay, ladies! One, two, three!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Honami: Hehe, thank you!
Shibao: Woof!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000372/bg_s000372.png)
Minori: Happy birthday, Honami!
Haruka & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Minori: The day really went by in a flash. Samo and I had so much fun!
Haruka: It looked like you and Shibao had a great time, too. I'm happy I got to play with him.
Shizuku: It sounds like everyone had lots of fun. I wish I could have come to play with Shibao, too.
Minori: Why don't we all go on a walk together sometime soon?
Haruka: You mean, go on a walk with Shibao and Samo? That's a great idea.
Shizuku: Yes, I would love that. I'll be sure to give you my birthday wishes in person then, too.
Kanade: Happy birthday, Ms. Mochizuki.
Mafuyu & Ena: Happy birthday.
Kanade: Also, thank you for the souvenirs from Wonder Bark Park.
Mafuyu: The dog-shaped cookies and chocolate, right?
Kanade: Yes. I went to wish her a happy birthday, but I ended up getting gifts back...
Ena: Stop being so self-conscious about that. She liked the cake you got her, didn't she?
Ena: But if you feel like you didn't do enough to celebrate, you can always do more.
Ena: I'd like to wish Honami a happy birthday too, so let's put something together soon.
Kanade: I would appreciate the help. Do you want to join in, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Okay. Sure.
Kohane: Happy birthday, Honami. Bow-Wow Wonder Bark Park was so much fun! I'm glad we got to spend the day together.
Akito: Hey, happy birthday. Glad to hear you had a good one.
Kohane: Keep up the good work with your band! We're all rooting for you!
Tsukasa: Ladies and gentlemen! The time has come to wish Honami a happy birthday!
Tsukasa: Happy birthdaaaaaay!!!
Emu, Nene & Rui: Happy birthdaaay! Happy birthday!
Tsukasa: From what Emu told us, you spent your birthday surrounded by friends and beloved furry companions! Excellent!
Tsukasa: But you haven't received our well-wishes yet!
Rui: I just finished programming new tricks into Robo-Dog. I'm sure you'll enjoy them, Mochizuki.
Emu: Ooh! Good job, Rui! I want to see Robo-Dog's new show too!
Nene: Well, you heard them. We can't wait to celebrate with you, so look forward to our special show.
Ichika: Happy birthday again!
Saki & Shiho: Happy birthday.
Ichika: That trip was so much fun. It was a really nice birthday, if I say so myself.
Saki: We got to play with Shibao, hang out and chat, eat a really yummy food... It was so refreshing!
Shiho: Refreshing and relaxing. The perfect birthday for Honami.
Saki: Oh, yeah! It was a warm and gentle day, just like Hona!
Ichika: You said you got to rest up, too.
Shiho: Things will be getting busier for us for sure, so we'll need you to take the helm, Leader.
Saki: Haha! Let's keep making things more and more exciting for Leo/need, under Hona's leadership!
Ichika: Right. We're all behind you, Honami. Thanks for everything.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Honami: Ichika and the others made it such a fun birthday for me.
Honami: Shibao had a great time, too. Even after we played so much, when we got home he was still zooming everywhere.
Honami: And the photo everyone wrote their messages on made me so happy... I couldn't help but keep looking at it.
Honami: Thank you all, for celebrating my birthday. I hope we can go out like that again, so I can make more memories to share with you.
(Black cut)
