1024_Honami Mochizuki_R4 On The Music Video Set (event_147)

Gacha phrase: Ohh, I'm so embarrassed...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Shoot Location]

Honami: It looks like the shoot's about to start, everyone.
Saki: Okay! We gotta get focused. This shoot's really important!
Honami: Right. The weather and staff are both nice, so I'm sure we'll be able to shoot a wonderful video.
Honami: So, let's all do our best today.
Ichika: Y-Yeah, our best...
Shiho: Our best...
Honami: Are you two feeling nervous?
Ichika: Oh, umm... I'm a little worried about my acting skills.
Honami: I see... The director did ask you to act a bit cool and mature for this.
Ichika: Exactly... I'm not sure how I'm going to do...
Shiho: I'm not sure about my lines either... Our voices aren't going to be recorded for this video, but we're still supposed to recite everything.
Shiho: I practiced a lot, but I really have no idea how I'm going to do...
Saki: D-Don't worry! It'll be okay as long as we get the right feel, they said.
Ichika: Yeah, but...
Honami: (They're both so nervous...)
Honami: (I suppose that's only natural, since we haven't really done anything like this before. To be honest, I'm a bit anxious myself...)
Honami: (I have to do my best to get the ball rolling...! Especially since the shoot begins with the scene I'm in.)
Film Crew: We'll be starting momentarily! Please take your position, Ms. Mochizuki!
Honami: O-Okay! Thank you...!
(Black cut)
Honami: (My scene involves me suggesting to the others that we take a break while holding a bottle of cider...)
Honami: (That's my only line, but I need to stay focused. The director told me to smile and act natural...)
Honami: (Oh, those two are watching me. They seem a bit worried...)
Honami: (I really need to do my best and help them relax...!)
Film Crew: Alright, rolling in...! Three, two, one...
Honami: “Let's take a bweak, everyone.”
Honami: *Gasp*
Honami: U-Uhh... Oh no...
Honami: (H-How did my tongue get all twisted...?!)
Honami: (I was being so careful not to let that happen!)
Ichika: Hee... Hehe...!
Saki: Haha! It's okay, Hona! Just try to relax!
Ichika: Don't worry. Your smile was beautiful.
Shiho: Just take a deep breath. You're too tense.
Honami: No, this is so embarrassing...!
Film Crew: Hehe. It's okay if you get tongue-twisted, since we're not recording your voice.
Honami: I-I'm so sorry...!
(Black cut)
Film Crew: And scene! Okay, that looked good!
Honami: Th-Thank you very much...!
Saki: Nice work, Hona!
Honami: *Sigh* Getting tongue-twisted right off the bat was so embarrassing...
Ichika: But you did great after that.
Shiho: Yeah, I thought you gave a nice smile.
Honami: Y-You think so...? It felt like my face was beet red the entire time...
Honami: (I really wanted to get things off to a good start...)
Ichika: I think you actually helped me relax, Honami.
Honami: Huh...?
Saki: Yeah, I agree! We realized that the staff wouldn't get mad at us if we messed up!
Shiho: Wait, did you do that to help diffuse the tension?
Honami: N-No, I didn't!
Ichika, Saki & Shiho: Haha! Hehe.
Saki: Oh, I think we're starting the next scene!
Shiho: The one with Ichika and me?
Ichika: Yeah, we need to make use of the momentum Honami's given us.
Shiho: Right. Then, we'll be going.
Honami: (They do seem much more relaxed now.)
Honami: (I'm still not sure how I should feel about that, after stumbling right out the gates...)
Honami: But I'm glad Ichika and the others are smiling now.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Diner]

Honami: Nice work, everyone. You all did well during practice today.
Saki: I thought we were gonna take it easy today since we just finished playing the festival, but we ended up practicing as hard as we normally do!
Shiho: To be fair, we shouldn't let up just because we finished one gig.
Ichika: But we sounded really good during practice today. Do you think it's because we played well during the festival?
Honami: I think so. Oh, speaking of the festival, we'll be meeting with Mr. Shindo tomorrow to do a debrief.
Shiho: He wants to discuss it while it's still fresh in our minds, right?
Saki: A debrief, huh? Do you think he's gonna give us a pat on the back and stuff?
Shiho: I seriously doubt that.
Saki: Haha. I'm kidding♪
Saki: Still, the festival was so awesome! All those music lovers gathered in one spot!
Honami: Yes. I was a little worried at first, with the pressure to put on our best performance.
Shiho: Plus, some popular bands went up before us.
Ichika: That reminds me. This doesn't have anything to do with how we played, but the t-shirts everyone wore left a big impression on me.
Ichika: It was incredible to see a sea of people wearing all kinds of different band t-shirts.
Shiho: Yeah, you don't really see anything like that at live house events.
Saki: Seeing those shirts makes me wish we had our own.
Honami: As in, official Leo/need t-shirts...?
Saki: Yeah! You all feel the same way, right?
Ichika: To be honest, yes. Seeing someone wearing one of our shirts would make me so happy...
Saki: Yeah, for sure! I guarantee it!
Shiho: You guarantee it?
Shiho: Well, as long as we keep at it, I'm sure they'll start making some for us.
Honami: Right. As long as our fan base keeps growing and we keep doing shows.
Saki: Then, we gotta keep trying in order to get our t-shirts made!
Ichika: What was the biggest impression the festival left on you, Honami?
Honami: Me? Well...
Honami: After seeing all those other bands perform, I noticed how they used the large stage very differently from us.
Saki: How they used the stage?
Honami: Yes, they made use of all of it very well. For example, they interacted with the audience by moving across the entire length.
Shiho: That's actually pretty common with bands who are used to doing shows.
Ichika: I wish I could do what they can, but I'm not sure if I can yet...
Honami: Also, some of them mentioned the festival itself while interacting with the audience.
Honami: For instance, one person got everyone going by shouting, “We're not gonna let the other stages have more fun than us, are we?!”
Honami: I really liked that. They used the festival's atmosphere to solidly connect with the audience.
Ichika: Right. The audience does usually appreciate it when someone puts in that extra effort for them.
Saki: Actually, this doesn't just apply to festivals. We could use some of what we've seen in our shows, too!
Honami: Yes, we should try to employ all the good ideas that we can.
Honami: Oh, one more thing comes to mind...
Honami: Oh, what's that?
Saki: Hehe. I'm just glad that our leader's so organized!
Ichika: Making full use of a stage, interacting with the audience... It's really astonishing, since I didn't think to look at things so closely.
Shiho: We're all glad that you're our leader, Honami.
Honami: N-No, I just happened to notice those things...
Shiho: That means you naturally picked up on those things. All the more reason for us to feel glad.
Shiho: And since you made such good observations, why don't we discuss what we can or can't employ?
Ichika: I agree. We can also ask what Mr. Shindo thought tomorrow.
Saki: I also wanna hear what else you all noticed! And you gotta make sure to tell us more about what you saw, Hona!
Honami: Okay...! Thank you all.
Honami: Let's use tomorrow's debrief to learn how to put on better shows moving forward.
(Black cut)
