1122_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Turning Cherished Pages (event_158)

Gacha phrase: And they lived happily ever after.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki)

[Neighborhood]

Shibao: Pant... Pant... Pant...
Honami: It feels nice to be out in the sun, doesn't it, Shibao?
Honami: Oh, look. The flowers over at that house are all blooming.
Shibao: Woof!
Ichika: Hehe. Shibao looks like he's having so much fun.
Ichika: He must've really wanted to go for a walk. I mean, while we were doing our homework, he came over with his leash in his mouth.
Honami: Yes, also... I think I made him wait a little too long.
Ichika: Really?
Honami: Yes, because I've recently been spending a lot of my time practicing for that reading event...
Honami: So much so that I've been asking the others in my family to walk him for me.
Ichika: I had no idea. If that's the case, then he must be really happy about getting to go on a walk with you today, Honami.
Shibao: Woof!
Ichika: Speaking of which, how are things coming along for that event?
Honami: Oh, they're coming along well.
Honami: Voice acting is incredibly challenging... But Kusanagi's been giving me excellent advice.
Ichika: I see. I definitely want to hear how you sound.
Honami: Y-Yes, well... It's a little embarrassing...
Honami: But I do want you, Saki and Shiho to hear us rehearse before the event.
Ichika: Yeah, I'm really looking forward to that.
Shibao: ...
Ichika: Is Shibao okay...? He's kept looking at you this entire time, Honami.
Honami: Oh, you're right...
Ichika: Maybe he's trying to say that he also wants to hear you read that story, Honami.
Honami: Is she right, Shibao? Would you listen to me practice?
Shibao: Woof!
Ichika: Hehe. He's wagging his tail. He really does seem happiest when he's with you, Honami.
Ichika: I have a feeling that he'd also try to save you if anything happened to you, Honami...
Honami: What?
Ichika: Like the protagonist from “The Star-Chasing Dog”.
Honami: Is she right, Shibao? Would you do that for me?
Shibao: Woof!
Ichika: I think he just said, “Yes!”
Honami: Hehe. That's so sweet of you, Shibao.
Honami: But I'm not sure how I feel about you going on such a long journey by yourself.
Honami: I mean, you tire out so quickly during our walks... I'm worried that you'd get lost and never find your way home.
Honami: Honestly, I'd rather save you instead of you having to save me...
Ichika: You would?
Honami: Yes. No matter how arduous the journey is, I feel like I'd be able to take on anything for him.
Ichika: I see...
Honami: Is something wrong, Ichika?
Ichika: I was just thinking about how you and that dog in the story really are alike.
Ichika: Especially how you'd do anything for someone you really care about.
Honami: Oh, my heart isn't nearly as big as that dog's... But I do appreciate you saying that.
Honami: Because I've loved him and that story since I was little.
Shibao: Woof! Woof!
Honami: Oh...
Ichika: Is he feeling jealous that you're talking about another dog like that...?
Honami: Hehe. Don't worry, Shibao. You'll always be the dog I love the most.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Nene Kusanagi)

[Cafe]

Waiter: Welcome.
Honami: Hello, do you happen to have a table for two available right now?
Waiter: Two? Yes, please take the table by the window over there.
Honami: Thank you very much.
Nene: Is this the cafe you said you really like, Mochizuki?
Honami: Yes, I discovered it just recently. Their tea and desserts are very good.
Honami: I really recommend their apple pies.
Nene: Oh wow... They have all these different types of apple pies on the menu.
Nene: Which should I choose? They all look so good...
Honami: What if we choose two that sound best and share them?
Honami: That way, we'll both get to try two types.
Nene: Oh, are you sure...?
Honami: Yes.
Nene: Thanks... So, Mochizuki, is there one you recommend...?
Honami: Hmm... How about this one with yogurt cream?
Honami: The sourness of the yogurt goes perfectly with the sweetness of the apples.
Nene: That does sound good. Then, let's get a slice.
Honami: Okay! As for the other one...
(Black cut)
Nene: Mmm! This is so good...!
Honami: Hehe. Yes, it is.
Nene: You were right, Mochizuki. I never realized yogurt would complement an apple pie like this.
Nene: And this rum raisin one is also really good.
Honami: I'm glad you like them so much.
Honami: Anyway, now that we have our food, Kusanagi, once again...
Nene: Right. Nice work on the reading event.
Honami: Very nice work.
Nene: Everyone enjoyed it more than I was expecting.
Honami: Yes. And I have you to thank for agreeing to help, Kusanagi.
Honami: As challenging as trying my hand at voice acting was, I had a lot of fun... I think I sort of understand the appeal of acting now.
Nene: Hehe. That's good to hear.
Nene: But I think the most challenging aspect of all this was...
Honami: Right... I wasn't expecting the children to be so rambunctious.
Nene: I know, right?! No matter how many times we told them to stop, they'd start running around the second we had our backs turned to them...
Nene: I honestly believe we wouldn't have gotten to the story if you hadn't come up with that plan, Mochizuki.
Honami: Hehe. You also did a wonderful job of ad-libbing, Kusanagi.
Honami: Oh, that reminds me... Something sort of nice happened to me the other day.
Nene: Nice?
Honami: Yes. One of the children who participated in the reading event came up to me and said, “Hey, you're the lady who read that story to us!”
Nene: Oh, that is nice...
Honami: Yes... She even said, “My parents bought me that book after I asked them.”
Honami: She's apparently read it a number of times with her family.
Nene: I see...
Honami: What she said reminded me of...
Honami: The sense of wonder I felt hearing it at that reading event all those years ago.
Honami: And I think we were able to get her to feel the same way.
Nene: Hehe. Aren't you glad we did our best?
Honami: Yes...!
(Black cut)
