1144_Honami Mochizuki_R4 My Past Selves

Gacha phrase: From now on, let's stay together.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Honami: That was delicious.
Ichika, Saki & Shiho: That was great! Yeah, that was good.
Saki: Hey, we're practicing in SEKAI today, right?
Honami: Right. We don't have any shows lined up or songs in the works at the moment, so it will just be regular practice.
Ichika: I wonder what our next big thing will be. I can't wait.
Shiho: It'd be nice to do another big event like Jam Fest.
Honami: Hehe. Definitely.
Honami: (Next time I meet with Mr. Shindo, I'll have to ask if we have anything on the horizon.)
First-Year Student: Excuse me! Is it true that the band who did that song for FizzYum Cider are in your year?
Second-Year Student: Hehe, finally started listening to Leo/need, have you? I'll have you know, I've been their fan since the school festival last year.
First-Year Student: Wow... If I had just been born a year earlier, I could be in the same cohort as Leo/need!
Saki: They're talking about us...!
Honami: They are. Oh, but we really shouldn't eavesdrop...
Shiho: We can't exactly plug our ears, can we?
First-Year Student: Oh! I've actually spoken with their leader before! Just a little bit!
Second-Year Student: With Mochizuki?
First-Year Student: Yes! When I was moving classrooms one time, I dropped my pencil case and she picked it up for me! She was really nice and easy to talk to.
First-Year Student: It was a little surprising, actually. I thought a band leader would be more like, “follow my lead!” or “do that again and you're outta here!”, you know?
Second-Year Student: Yeah, I know what you mean. Heck, I thought Hinomori was the leader myself until just a little while ago.
Saki: Is it really that surprising that Honami's our leader? I mean, she pulled everyone together for the choir recital in first year and stuff.
Shiho: You say “and stuff”, but that's about it for leader-like things Honami's done in school, right?
Ichika: I guess so... Ah, but she always makes sure to look like the leader when we take publicity photos.
Honami: That's right. I've been practicing to make sure I look the part.
Honami: (But...)
Honami: Surprising, huh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: Alright, this should be enough for today. Be sure to review the parts we practiced together as a group and your individual points that need improving.
Honami: Good work, everyone!
Everyone: Thank you! Thanks.
Honami: (We're really getting the nuances we're after in our performance lately. It's been so much fun to play.)
Honami: (But sometimes I put too much force into it, and the sound gets muddied. I've got to improve on that!)
Honami: (Once I'm done with my homework for the night, I'll look back over what we practiced and put some more time in...)
Honami: Okay everyone, Miku, Luka. See you tomorrow!
Miku (Ln): Yeah, see you tomorrow.
(Background change)
Honami: Huh? I stopped Untitled, so why am I...
Len (Ln): Hey, Honami. All done with practice for the day?
Honami: Yes, but... When I tried to go home from the classroom, I ended up here.
MEIKO (Ln): Wait, what do you mean?
Honami: Oh! Did you see that light over there?
MEIKO (Ln): Over by the bench? I did. I think it must be a fragment of a feeling?
Len (Ln): It sort of felt like one, but also a bit off... Let's go have a closer look.
(Black cut)
Len (Ln): It must have been this, right? It seems pretty similar to a fragment of a feeling.
MEIKO (Ln): It does. But the shape is a little strange...
Honami: That's true. The fragment of a feeling I saw before was round, but this one looks almost like a broken shard...
MEIKO (Ln): Honami. Would you try touching this fragment... Or rather, this shard's feelings?
Honami: Huh?
MEIKO (Ln): The fact that you tried to go home but couldn't, and the way this shard is reacting...
MEIKO (Ln): Somehow, it all feels connected.
Len (Ln): I see what you mean, but... Are we sure it's safe? We have no idea what kind of feeling it came from.
Honami: ...
Honami: I'll try it.
Honami: I feel something from the shard, as though...it's pulling my consciousness into it.
Honami: Like you said, MEIKO, it could all be connected...
MEIKO (Ln): Okay. Then we'll all touch it together, on three.
Len, Honami & MEIKO: One, two, three!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Honami: Where am I?
Len (Ln): It looks like another school SEKAI, but different from ours.
MEIKO (Ln): True... Oh, are these photos? All of them show you, Honami.
Honami: You're right... There are pictures of me walking Shibao, and even pictures of me drawing in kindergarten.
Len (Ln): Huh. It's interesting to see how much your younger self already looks like you now.
Len (Ln): Whoa! A little Honami just came out of the picture!
Honami: What...?!
Little Honami (Honami): That's not right. I've been here from the start.
Little Honami (Honami): Hello, grown-up me. Oh, should I say “nice to meet you” instead?
Honami: Um, I think hello works...
Honami: Are you...really me?
Little Honami (Honami): That's right. I'm you from a long time ago, and I was born from your feelings.
Little Honami (Honami): Hehe, it feels so funny talking to myself like this. There's so much I want to talk about.
Little Honami (Honami): Oh, but... First, can you take me someplace away from here?
Honami: Someplace away from here? Why is that?
Little Honami (Honami): This is where the scary me is...
Honami: The...scary me?
Little Honami (Honami): Oh, no! She's coming! We have to hide!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Honami: Ah!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Len (Ln): Wh-What just happened?!
MEIKO (Ln): Honami! Are you alright?
Honami: Yes. I was a little startled when it suddenly got so bright, but I think I'm okay.
MEIKO (Ln): Um... Okay, the little Honami is fine. But what about the other Honami?
Len (Ln): Huh? She's gone. Did she hide like you told us to?
Honami: Um, MEIKO, Len? I'm right here...
Len (Ln): No, we know that. We're just looking for our Honami right now.
Honami: Right, but, that's me...
Len (Ln): Hm?
Honami: Huh?
MEIKO (Ln): Ho...
Len & MEIKO: Honami shrunk?!
Junior High School Honami (Honami): What's all this about? I'd appreciate it if you could be quiet in here.
Honami: A-Another me?!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[???]

Honami: Why is there another younger—
Little Honami (Honami): (Shh!)
Little Honami (Honami): (The scary me hates you. You should be careful so she doesn't realize you're here.)
Honami: (That voice... Are you the little me who was just here?)
Little Honami (Honami): (Yeah... I thought if I was with the grown-up me, I could go far away from the scary me.)
Little Honami (Honami): (I didn't think you would turn into me... I'm sorry. I really didn't know. I didn't mean to do it.)
Honami: (Don't worry. I believe you.)
Junior High School Honami (Honami): ...
Len (Ln): H-Hey there...
MEIKO (Ln): Hello...
Junior High School Honami (Honami): You people came here from somewhere different, didn't you?
Junior High School Honami (Honami): And if you're here, does that mean that the current, high school me is also here?
Honami: Oh...
MEIKO (Ln): Well, funny story about that! She was with us, but I guess we got separated.
MEIKO (Ln): We didn't really know what to do, but then this little Honami called out to us, and she's been talking to us. Isn't that right, Len?
Len (Ln): Yeah, that's right!
Len (Ln): So, uh, did you need something with the Honami who came with us?
Junior High School Honami (Honami): ...
MEIKO (Ln): Honami?
Junior High School Honami (Honami): ...!
Junior High School Honami (Honami): It's nothing for you to concern yourselves with. Now, if you'll excuse me.
MEIKO (Ln): She's gone...
Len (Ln): Too much stuff happened all at once there... Let's take a minute and get things in order.
Honami: Right...
(Black cut)
MEIKO (Ln): I see.
MEIKO (Ln): So you've gotten smaller physically, but you're the Honami who came in here with us.
MEIKO (Ln): And you say you can still hear the voice of the little Honami we met here?
Honami: Yes. It's a very strange feeling...
Len (Ln): Yeah, no wonder you feel weird. There are three of you running around in here.
MEIKO (Ln): Not that we have any more experience with things like this than you do.
MEIKO (Ln): Anyway, what's most important now is deciding what we do next. I think we'll return to our own SEKAI if enough time passes...
Honami: Um, she... The little me says that that might not be enough.
Len & MEIKO: Huh?
Little Honami (Honami): (The one with the strongest feelings here is the scary me...)
Little Honami (Honami): (So as long as she doesn't want to let you leave, I don't think you'll be able to.)
Honami: So, if we want to get back to our own SEKAI, we may have no choice but to talk to that junior high me.
Len (Ln): Huh, I see... But it doesn't sound like it'll be that easy to clear things up.
Len (Ln): Little Honami said the scary one hates you, right? And she sure did seem angry...
Honami: That's...
MEIKO (Ln): Actually, while we were talking, there was a moment where her expression changed.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Junior High School Honami (Honami): ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: Oh... I noticed that, too.
Honami: Um... It almost looked like she felt envious, to me.
Len (Ln): Envious?
Honami: Um...
Honami: You probably know this already, but in junior high, I ended up being ostracized by my class...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: Even in a full classroom, I was all alone. No one would even meet my eyes.
Honami: It made me so terribly sad... And I was very envious of everyone talking with their friends around me.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: So, seeing that I have people who are looking out for me may have made her feel that same envy again...
Len (Ln): Now that you say that, she did sort of look that way...
Honami: I want to talk to her, properly.
Honami: If she really is angry with me, or hates me, then I'm sure she has her reasons for it.
Little Honami (Honami): (...)
Len (Ln): Either way, it sounds like she's looking for you on her end, too.
MEIKO (Ln): She might still be nearby, so why don't we go find her and bring her back?
MEIKO (Ln): Are you sure you're ready for this, Honami?
Honami: Yes!
(Black cut)
Junior High School Honami (Honami): So, you've become physically smaller, but you're still the high school me inside. I didn't realize.
Honami: I'm sorry I didn't speak up earlier. But I really do want to talk with you...
Honami: Why are you angry with me?
Junior High School Honami (Honami): ...... The band.
Honami: Huh?
Junior High School Honami (Honami): You could have just had fun playing with Ichika and the others...
Junior High School Honami (Honami): Why did you have to go pro? And why am I the leader?
Junior High School Honami (Honami): Why would you shoulder such a hard role just because everyone expects it of you?
Junior High School Honami (Honami): Have you already forgotten what that got us in junior high? The harder you try, the more people talk about you behind your back, and the colder their eyes get...
Junior High School Honami (Honami): And in the end, you're left all alone...
Honami: I remember. I do.
Junior High School Honami (Honami): ...!
Junior High School Honami (Honami): Then why did you agree to do it?!
Junior High School Honami (Honami): What happens if everyone doesn't see eye to eye and breaks apart, and you can't make it all fit back together?
Junior High School Honami (Honami): Or what happens if the three of them feel one way, and I'm the odd one out?!
Junior High School Honami (Honami): What if... If I end up...
Honami: Ichika and the others wouldn't ignore us just because of a difference in opinion.
Junior High School Honami (Honami): You...!
Junior High School Honami (Honami): You...don't know that...
Junior High School Honami (Honami): All our classmates were so nice too, and then suddenly...
Honami: I know...
Honami: What happened then... Really, truly hurt.
Honami: But...
(White cut)
Honami: As I am now... Together with them, I'll be okay.
Junior High School Honami (Honami): How can you sound so sure?
Honami: I've grown just a little bit stronger since then.
Honami: I've thought about what it means to truly be kind... Practiced how to tell others what I'm feeling directly and honestly.
Honami: I did sort of end up in a fight with Shiho about that, but in the end, she understood how I felt.
MEIKO (Ln): And when they were scouted for their debut, Honami made sure to lay out what mattered most to the four of them, and made sure Leo/need would keep existing as itself.
Honami: I'm still inexperienced, and there are times when I worry that I'm not as good a leader as I ought to be...
Honami: But when we disagree on something, we sit down and talk it out...
Honami: And if something happens that's too big for me to bear on my own, the others are there to help me carry the weight.
Honami: After all, Leo/need is the four of us, all together.
Junior High School Honami (Honami): Are you sure...?
Junior High School Honami (Honami): Can I really...believe that?
Junior High School Honami (Honami): Can I really believe in...myself, and Ichika, and Saki, and Shiho?
Honami: You can.
Honami: No... I want you to.
Honami: What happened to us in junior high opened my eyes to many things, and it helped me grow a little, too.
Honami: So, don't worry. Believe in me... And believe in yourself, too.
Junior High School Honami (Honami): Okay...
Little Honami (Honami): I'm sorry for being scared of you. Even though you're me, too.
Little Honami (Honami): But we're all together now, forever.
Junior High School Honami (Honami): Thank you.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Len (Ln): Ah, we're back.
MEIKO (Ln): Phew... It felt a bit touch-and-go there for a minute.
Honami: What a strange SEKAI that was. I never thought I'd have a conversation with myself like that.
MEIKO (Ln): I was definitely surprised by all the different Honamis we saw.
MEIKO (Ln): But I'm sure that's because that SEKAI was born from your feelings.
Honami: I did think so.
Honami: The little me said she was made from my feelings, after all.
Honami: But the junior high me in that SEKAI wasn't really how I remember myself being at that time...
Len (Ln): I bet that's because of the specific feelings that Honami was born from.
Len (Ln): This is just my guess here...
Len (Ln): But I wonder if maybe she was born from the anxiety and fear you feel toward your position as leader, getting tied up in your past trauma?
Honami: Oh...
MEIKO (Ln): Well, we won't pry. Especially since you faced those fears and found your own answer...
MEIKO (Ln): And you really looked cool doing it, too.
Honami: Cool? I wouldn't say that...
Honami: (Just like I told her, I still feel lacking as a leader...)
Honami: (But I want to live up to everyone's hopes, and their belief that I can do it.)
Honami: (And of course, I want to contribute properly, as a member of the band.)
Honami: (I'll need to make sure I give some serious thought to what I can do as leader to make that happen.)
(Black cut)
