1191_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Daydreams For The Future (event_171)

Gacha phrase: Maybe I'll go see their campus.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Study Room]

Honami: I'll leave the guides regarding what's going to be covered on each test right here just in case.
Ichika: Thanks. Oh... All the important parts are highlighted. This makes things so easy to see.
Shiho: Speaking of which, these tests are gonna cover more stuff than normal, right?
Honami: But it also sounds like the problems will be more basic. That may make things easier than we're used to.
Shiho: That'd be nice, but we can't let our guard down.
Saki: If we want a chance at perfect scores, then we gotta be able to nail all of the applied-knowledge problems!
Honami: I'm also still struggling with those... I'll need to get better at them in time for the test.
Honami: Anyway, we've probably talked enough. Let's start studying, shall we?
Ichika: Okay.
Honami: Let's see... We have to head over to the studio later today, so... I'll be sure to remind you all again in two hours.
Saki: Thanks, Hona! Alright, let's do this!
(Black cut)
Honami: *Sigh* (I'm starting to feel a little tired...)
Honami: (But the others are maintaining their focus, so I need to keep doing my best.)
Honami: (Huh...?)
Shiho: Hmmm...
Honami: Is something wrong, Shiho?
Shiho: Oh, I was working on this graph problem... But my calculation seems off for some reason.
Honami: Are you talking about this function graph? That's a difficult one, but the real root portion seems right...
Honami: If I recall, the next step involves finding the solution using the discriminant of this function. Why don't we try that together...?
(Black cut)
Shiho: Does my math look right to you?
Honami: Yes, everything looks correct... Including the intermediate steps.
Shiho: Finally. Thanks for showing me what to do. Your explanation was so easy to understand.
Honami: You're welcome.
Ichika: Oh, Honami, sorry... Would you mind helping me with this problem for Classical Japanese?
Ichika: I'm working on this honorific language part, but I'm not sure about my answers.
Honami: Let's see... Oh, you're so close here.
Honami: “To receive” here doesn't count as being honorific. Rather, it's a sign of modesty. That distinction lies in...
(Black cut)
Ichika: I see... I had trouble wrapping my head around this one during class, but everything makes sense now.
Honami: Yes, that's the thing about these problems. The key is to know to whom the speaker is referring.
Ichika: Thanks. I'll try applying what you just said to these other problems.
Saki: You're like a private tutor, Hona!
Honami: Hehe. Didn't you say the same thing last time?
Ichika: She did.
Ichika: But you really are an amazing teacher, Honami. You'd make studying for tests so easy if you were a private tutor.
Shiho: I always end up reaching for my bass whenever I try to study at home. You'd probably do a good job getting me to stay focused.
Saki: Yeah, Ms. Hona! I want you to help me with these really hard problems!
Honami: Oh, you three...
Honami: I can't really be your private tutor, but I'll be more than happy to teach you what I can.
Honami: After all, I do love helping all of you.
Saki: Woohoo! Now we've got Ms. Hona on speed dial!
Ichika: It'd be great to have you come by every week. But...
Ichika: She also needs time to study, so I'll try to solve as many of these problems as I can on my own.
Saki: *Gasp* You're right!
Shiho: Honami also has to do other stuff, like corresponding with Mr. Shindo and managing Leo/need's schedule.
Saki: Yeah. That means we should only call her when we really need her!
Honami: All of you...
Honami: You don't have to mind me...
Honami: (Still, it is like them to want to do what they can on their own...)
Honami: (I'll need to stay prepared for when they do require my help.)
Honami: (Which means I need to keep on studying...!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: Phew... Okay, where are Ichika and the others...?
Honami: Oh, is no one else here? Does that mean...? Did I come over too early?
Honami: And the corridor's so quiet. It doesn't seem like they're in any of the other classrooms...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Honami: (I doubt anything has changed, but...)
Honami: I think I'll go take another look at the tree...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station]

Honami: (Oh, in front of the tree. That looks like...)
Honami: Hello, Rin, Len. Can I ask what you two are doing?
Rin (Ln): Hi, Hona! We were just checking up on the tree!
Len (Ln): Between those black fragments appearing and it growing humongous all of a sudden, we feel that we should come by from time to time to make sure it's okay.
Honami: Yes, I see. Thank you both for taking such initiative.
Honami: I also came here to see how it's doing, but nothing seems to have changed...
Rin (Ln): Yup! Based on the way the leaves have been rustling today, it seems happy and healthy♪
Len (Ln): That said, there's no telling when something might change again. So, we'll keep checking up on it.
Honami: Okay. Please let me know if you think there's anything I can do to help.
Len (Ln): Thanks, we will.
Rin (Ln): Oh, Hona, has anything changed on your end? Any news to report?
Honami: No, nothing has changed. But I do keep finding myself thinking about that dream.
Honami: Looking back, it really was strange...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Honami: Because we clearly wanted to be with each other regardless of where we were or what we were doing...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: Ichika, Saki and Shiho all feel that way. None of us wish to be apart.
Honami: Which makes me very happy... So, I really am glad that we had that dream.
Rin (Ln): Hona...
Honami: Speaking of which, you two and the others were right next to us the entire time we were stuck in that dream, yes...?
Honami: This may be coming a bit late... But thank you all again for showing so much concern for us.
Rin (Ln): Hehe. You're very welcome!
Rin (Ln): We sorta panicked and started doing everything we could to try and wake you girls up!
Len (Ln): We tried calling your names and shaking you, but nothing worked.
Len (Ln): That was when Rin decided to grab a pair of cymbals.
Honami: C-Cymbals?
Rin (Ln): Yeah, you gotta hear this! The others were so mean to me, Hona!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Rin (Ln): Girls! Wake up!!
Luka (Ln): Nothing. They're still fast asleep...
Rin (Ln): Hmm... What should we do? If they stay stuck like this, then their legs might get all stiff!
KAITO (Ln): I'm not sure that's our biggest worry right now...
Rin (Ln): Wait, I know! We just need to make an even louder sound! That should startle them and get them to wake up, right...?
Rin (Ln): I'm gonna go grab some cymbals!
Len (Ln): Cymbals?!
MEIKO (Ln): I don't think this is going to be a pleasant wake-up call...
Rin's Voice (Rin-Ln): Stand aside, you guys!
Rin (Ln): I gotta stand right in the middle so Ichi and them will hear me loud and clear... Okay, here goes nothing☆
Rin (Ln): Riiise and shiiine, girls☆ It's moooorning!!
Honami: ...
Miku (Ln): They're still asleep...
Rin (Ln): What?! Why?!
Rin (Ln): Hmm... Alright, I'm gonna bring over some other instruments! I can even make things really loud by cranking some amps up to the max!
Len (Ln): Wait, Rin...! If this didn't work, then there's no way any of that will!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Honami: Th-That really happened...? We honestly had no idea.
Rin (Ln): When I tried to go get those amps, MEIKO and the others stopped me right away.
Len (Ln): Well, yeah. It was that or let something really bad happen.
Honami: Hehe. Still, it's clear that you were very concerned about us. Thank you, Rin.
Rin (Ln): No problem! I'm just glad that you all woke up in the end!
Rin (Ln): But what are we supposed to do if something like this happens again? Do you know any other ways of getting people to wake up?
Honami: Hmm... Even those cymbals didn't wake us. Lights and smells tend to be effective, but...
Len (Ln): Smells... Oh, Honami, in your case, a freshly baked apple pie might do the trick.
Rin (Ln): Yeah! You'll get so hungry that you won't have a choice but to wake up!
Honami: What? That wouldn't happen... At least, I don't think...
(Black cut)
