1201_Honami Mochizuki_R4 Noise Gives Way To Silence (event_173)

Gacha phrase: Did I just...?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Saki: Hehe. This is so exciting... I'm ready to play right now!
Shiho: Seriously, Saki, that's all you've been saying for a while now.
Ichika: But I get how she feels. I'm also really excited.
Honami: Hehe. It is going to be our very first solo show since going pro.
Saki: Exactly! And I can't believe how fast everything got decided!
Shiho: We have to thank Mr. Shindo for working so hard behind the scenes. And we get to play at TONE BASE. It's hard not to be motivated.
Honami: We don't have much time to prepare, but we need to give all the people who've been supporting us a good show.
Honami: So, let's all do our best to make that happen.
Ichika: Yeah...!
Saki: Still, it feels like it's been forever since we did a solo show.
Saki: This is gonna be our first one as pros, so we've really gotta put a lot of love into our effects!
Shiho: Venues on the level of TONE BASE usually offer a pretty wide range of options.
Honami: And we'll also want to put everything that we learned about staging from Ms. Naruse into practice.
Ichika: Oh, I'd like to try that thing where the lights change colors depending on the lyrics.
Ichika: When Ms. Naruse and her band did that, I could feel myself being drawn into the song. I've wanted to give it a try ourselves ever since.
Saki: Yeah, that's a great idea! And if we're talking lights, we could also do that thing, you know? Where the spotlight spins round and round!
Honami: (They all sound so excited.)
Honami: (I should jot down these ideas before I forget.)
Saki: Oh, you guys! I just thought of something great!
Honami: Something great?
Saki: Yeah! We should write a new song for the show!
Saki: Since we're doing a solo show, what if we do a surprise reveal of a brand-new song? I bet the audience would love that, right?
Ichika: A new song? That would be nice.
Shiho: It'll also make it just that much more special for us.
Honami: In that case, why don't we pencil in that plan? I'll be sure to let Mr. Shindo know.
Ichika: Thanks, Honami.
Honami: (Alright, once I get home, I'll write up short summaries of all of the ideas they just listed.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Honami's Room]

Honami: I think that's about all they said.
Honami: Staging, crowd interaction, our set list and new song...
Honami: There's so much we have to do. And we don't have a lot of time to prepare...
Honami: I should put together a schedule as quickly as I can.
Honami: I need to figure out how long we have to practice, as well as what we have to prepare for each meeting.
Honami: Speaking of which, Mr. Shindo sent me the dates for those meetings. I'll start working off of that...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Honami: So, I used this app to make a schedule leading up to our show.
Honami: Nothing has been finalized yet, so I'd like to hear your opinions. What do you all think?
Ichika: Wow... You really put this together in one day?
Shiho: This is so detailed. You even have when the demo for our new song needs to be written, and dress rehearsals for our show. That's pretty huge.
Shiho: But making this by yourself couldn't have been easy.
Honami: Don't worry about that. It's important to get a jump on these sorts of things early. Also...
Honami: This is a must if we're going to put on the best show we can for everyone.
Saki: Hona...
Ichika: Thanks for always being so on top of things, Honami.
Shiho: Alright, why don't we take a closer look at the schedule Honami made for us?
Saki: Yeah! Take it away, Hona!
Honami: Okay!
Honami: First, the general concept and set list. This date here is when we have the effects meeting, so we'll need to know what we want to do by this day at the latest...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki)

[Honami's Room]

(Background change)
Ichika: <Wait, a ticket to the Miku concert?>
(Background change)
Honami: <Yes. I'm sorry to bring it up so suddenly.>
(Background change)
Honami: <The truth is, I've sort of been wanting to attend the show you were talking about, Ichika.>
Honami: <Unfortunately, every ticket site I looked at was sold out...>
Honami: <And it sounds like they don't have any plans to add extra seats.>
Honami: <Which is why I decided to call you. I was wondering if you knew of any other ways.>
(Background change)
Ichika: <Now I understand. Hmm... They don't always sell tickets the day of...>
(Background change)
Ichika: <Oh! I think they've set up a resale system this time around.>
(Background change)
Honami: <Wait, really?>
Ichika: <Yeah. I'm fairly certain that there's an official way to...>
(Background change)
Ichika: <Here it is! And they have one left...! I just sent you the link.>
Ichika: <It's first come first serve, so you might want to hurry...!>
(Background change)
Honami: <Okay! Let's see... Select the ticket, enter in my name and phone number...>
(Background change)
Honami: <Oh, I got it! I got it, Ichika...!>
(Background change)
Ichika: <Thank goodness...! That was a close one.>
Honami: <Yes, but I can attend the concert now. Thank you for showing me what to do, Ichika...!>
Ichika: <You're welcome. I'm so happy that we get to see a Miku concert together, Honami...!>
Ichika: <Anyway, I'll send over where we need to meet later. Let me know if you have any questions.>
Honami: <Thank you. Talk to you later.>
(Background change)
Honami: Thank goodness I decided to ask Ichika...
Honami: Now I can go to that concert... I hope this allows me to learn more about how VIRTUAL SINGER fans feel.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend]

[School SEKAI]

Honami: (Okay, I should be all warmed up now.)
Honami: (I really need to focus today since I'm going to see that concert with Ichika later tonight...)
Saki: Morning, Hona!
Honami: Good morning, Saki. Are you also here to practice on your own?
Saki: Yeah, I felt like practicing over here today! Still, Hona, you're here super early!
Honami: I decided to get an early start since I have to end things a little early this afternoon.
Saki: Oh, because you and Ichi are going to see that concert!
Saki: I was kinda surprised when I heard that you'd also be going, Hona.
Honami: It was a very sudden decision on my part. And it's not like I go every time like Ichika...
Honami: But I plan on seeing how the audience reacts during today's concert.
Saki: The audience?
Honami: Yes, that's right. Thanks to Shiho, I've been able to get a better understanding of what people think and feel when they go to see shows at live houses...
Honami: But I still don't really have a good understanding of how VIRTUAL SINGER fans feel.
Honami: So, if we do choose to write a song for the Fan Festival...
Honami: I want to see what kinds of people will hear it.
Saki: Oh, I see...
Saki: I believe in you, Hona! I'll be rooting for you!
Honami: Saki...
Saki: Also, let me know if there's anything I can do to help!
Honami: What?
Saki: I could buy some special recovery items for you! Like freshly baked apple pies!
Honami: Hehe. In that case, when I feel like having something sweet, then I'll place an order with you, Saki.
Saki: You got it! I'll deliver whatever you want to wherever you are, Hona♪
Saki: Wait, you were still in the middle of practice...! Sorry, I didn't mean to talk for so long!
Honami: It's okay. If anything, Saki, you really helped energize me.
Saki: Hehe. That's good to hear...!
Saki: Anyway, I'm gonna head over to a different classroom. Let's both do our best!
Honami: Okay!
Honami: (The others are always giving me so much support...)
Honami: (I need to do my best. I have to do everything I can, learn as much as possible...)
Honami: (And make a proper decision...which event we're writing the new song for.)
(Black cut)
