1262_Honami Mochizuki_R4 How Does It Taste? (event_182)

Skill name: Talking About Old Times
Gacha phrase: Be careful, it's hot.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki)

[Neighborhood]

Honami: (Let's see... Potatoes, carrots, onions... Yes, that should be everything I need.)
Honami: (I wasn't expecting Mom to call and ask me to take care of dinner... I'm glad I was still on my way home.)
Honami: (I made it just in time for their sale on meat, so I was able to get plenty for a meat and potato stew.)
Honami: (Hehe, I'm sure Haru will be happy to hear that.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One hour later]

[Mochizuki Household - Living Room]

Honami: Okay, the vegetables seem to be well stewed. I should turn off the stove...
Honami: And I suppose I'll do a little taste test before I call it finished.
Honami: Hmm... It's just about right for me, but maybe Haru would want it to be more flavorful...?
Shibao: Woof!
Honami: What is it, Shibao? What are you doing sitting in front of the door...?
Haru's Voice: I'm home.
Shibao: Woof... Pant... Pant... Pant...!
Honami: Oh... Haru is home.
Honami: Shibao, I think he went to wash his hands, so let's wait for him a little longer.
Haru: I'm back, Shib—
Shibao: Woof!
Haru: Ugh, you're licking my face again... I get the message, so calm down already.
Honami: Welcome back, Haru.
Haru: Hi. Wait, are you cooking tonight?
Honami: Yes, I just finished making some meat and potato stew.
Honami: I know. Would you mind taste testing? I wasn't quite sure how it should be seasoned.
Haru: Me? I mean, sure...
Honami: Thank you. Be careful, it's hot.
Haru: I know... Thanks for making it.
Honami: How is it?
Haru: Hm... Not bad, but I think it could use a little more flavor.
Honami: I see. In that case, I'll try seasoning it a bit more. Give me a moment, okay?
Haru: Sure...
Honami: You went to spend time with a friend today, right?
Haru: Yeah, we played games at his house. I stacked up a bunch of wins, so I guess he caught me on a good day.
Honami: Oh, I see. Games... We used to play together, didn't we?
Honami: It might be fun to try a new one.
Haru: Huh... Well, why not? I bet you'd suck, though.
Honami: Y-You think so...? I suppose the ones you've been playing do look rather hard.
Haru: Well, there should be some you'd be okay at. You could try finding one of those.
Honami: Hehe, thank you. I hope you'll give me pointers.
Honami: Okay, done. It should be a bit more flavorful now, but what do you think?
Haru: Yeah, that's just right... It's good.
Honami: Wonderful. In that case, I think I can call this meat and potato stew finished. Thank you for taste testing, Haru.
Haru: I mean, I just did what I was asked...
Haru: But hold on, isn't that a lot? Is this all for tonight?
Honami: Huh? It is... I thought we'd be able to finish it off since you've had such an appetite these days.
Haru: Oh, so that's why... Sorry, I'm not sure I'll be able to have that much today.
Honami: Huh?
Haru: I had some snacks at my friend's place. I'm not exactly hungry, you know?
Honami: Oh...
Honami: (I see. What to do...)
Haru: Well, I could probably make it fit if I tried...
Honami: Oh no, don't worry. I was planning to eat some for lunch tomorrow if we have leftovers. There's no need to force yourself.
Haru: You sure? Alright then. I guess I'll go put my backpack down.
Honami: (But even if I do pack some for lunch tomorrow, won't there still be leftovers? I made quite a lot...)
Honami: (Oh, I know. We have practice in SEKAI tonight, so I'll bring the rest as a little pick-me-up. I imagine we might go rather late and end up hungry.)
Honami: (In that case, I'll get some into one of our plastic containers later and...)
Haru: Honami, am I good to wash this stuff in the sink?
Honami: Huh?
Haru: I'll help out. Mom and Dad are getting home late, right?
Honami: Thank you. I'm done using all of those, so you can go ahead and wash them.
Haru: Okay.
Honami: (We'll have to prepare a delightful meal and really make Mom and Dad proud.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: That was such an improvement from last time...!
Shiho: I agree. We did a good job delivering on what we discussed about the bridge.
Shiho: That said, you jumped into the last chorus a little early, Ichika.
Ichika: Sorry, I let myself get carried away when I realized we nailed the bridge...
Ichika: But you led me right back where I needed to be, Honami. Thank you for that.
Honami: Oh no, I had an easy time adjusting because Shiho and Saki also caught on quickly.
Honami: I believe I saw you two make eye contact to ensure your timing was just right.
Saki: Hehehe, sending telepathic signals is my forte♪
Shiho: Uh-huh, thanks for the save.
Saki: Hey! I'm not feeling any sincerity, Shiho!
Honami: Okay, we know we need to give the last chorus another pass... But this is a good stopping place, so let's take a break.
Honami: I brought a little something to eat today. Why don't we have some together?
Saki: Wait, food?! Yes, me, I'd like some♪
Shiho: Thanks for doing this all the time, Honami. What did you bring today?
Honami: Meat and potato stew. It was for our dinner today, but I ended up making too much.
Ichika: Wow, that looks delicious...! I was just getting hungry, so this is perfect.
Saki: There's so much meat! Hehehe. It smells amazing...
Honami: I brought chopsticks and plates as well. Please eat your fill, everyone.
Ichika: Thank you. Then, I'll get these potatoes and this meat...
Shiho: The onions are a nice color. It's great how it has all these carrots too.
Saki: Looks like we've all got our plates. So... Let's eat!
Shiho & Ichika: Let's eat.
Saki: It's so good! I love how packed with flavor it is!
Honami: Hehe, I'm glad to hear it.
Ichika: Leave it to Honami to make such an amazing meat and potato stew...
Shiho: It's stewed just right, and I like the way it's seasoned.
Honami: I'm happy it's to everyone's liking. Haru actually helped me with this.
Ichika: He did?
Honami: He came home while I was making it. I wasn't sure about the flavor, so I asked him to taste test.
Honami: He even helped out with the dishes and the miso soup.
Shiho: Hey, good to hear. You were saying he hasn't been talkative lately.
Honami: Yes, it seems things were different today.
Honami: Maybe he was worried that I'd have a hard time preparing dinner all by myself.
Saki: That's gotta be it! Haru's always looking out for you, Hona!
Ichika: That reminds me of the time he brought you flowers when he was little. You showed them to us, remember?
Shiho: Oh yeah, he gave you some of the pansies you had growing on the balcony, right? As a way to say thanks for hanging out with him all the time.
Honami: Hehe, I was so happy to receive them. I pressed them and still have them to this day.
Honami: Though, I think Haru would be embarrassed and tell me to throw them away if he knew.
Shiho: I mean, I couldn't blame him.
Saki: Hehehe. We hung out at Hona's place and had snacks together back then, too!
Saki: It was so cute seeing Haru's eyes get all big and sparkly the first time he had mini-star ramen.
Ichika: I remember that. And then he was all about mini-star ramen for a while, wasn't he?
Honami: Yes, though it wasn't actually for that long. Still, there was a spell where we kept a stock of it.
Saki: Huh. Then you guys were twinning with Shiho!
Shiho: Hold on, I never kept a stock.
Saki: *Gasp* I'm out of stew already. Alright, time for seconds!
Ichika: Oh, I'll have some more too. I can just keep eating since it's so delicious.
Shiho: You two are really going at it. Are you sure you'll be alright to get back to practice?
Saki: Duh! I'm eating up so I can give it my best♪
Saki: If you're not careful, we might just eat your share too!
Shiho: That's not happening.
Honami: Hehe. There's plenty to go around, so have as much as you like.
Honami: (I'm glad they all appreciate the pick-me-up.)
Honami: (They've really complimented the flavor too. I'll have to thank Haru again.)
(Black cut)
