sp23 エイプリルフール2023後日談ムービー (aprilfool_2023_02)

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Graduation Day]

[MIKUdemy - Gym]

Principal Mikudayo: Ahem... Ahh, ahh...
Principal Mikudayo: Hello, everyone! This is it! You are all finally graduating!
Principal Mikudayo: Now, I'd like to ask you all a special question to mark this special occasion.
Principal Mikudayo: My question is...
Students: *Gulp*
Principal Mikudayo: Were you able to find “something special” during your time here at this school?!?!?!
Principal Mikudayo: As it so happens, my secret group of teachers have already graded your work.
Miku (N25): Oh, you all...
Miku (Ln): We apologize for not telling any of you about this. We've actually been watching over all of you this entire time.
Miku (MMJ): We were there to lend a hand when you needed it so that you could enjoy your time as students♪
Miku (VBS): But, you really didn't need our help in the end.
Miku (WxS): Yup yup☆ You guys all definitely found something super wonderful♪
Principal Mikudayo: Indeed...
Principal Mikudayo: Whether it be an uncanny ability to fill others with joy...
Principal Mikudayo: A firm will to keep moving forward no matter what...
Principal Mikudayo: A wonderful desire to cherish each day of your adolescence...
Principal Mikudayo: Or an incredible confidence gained through diligent self-improvement.
Principal Mikudayo: You all have without question found “something special” together. Something far beyond the hopes that your class names represent.
Luka: And it was a pleasure to be there to watch over all of you.
Principal Mikudayo: So...
Principal Mikudayo: Everyone...
Principal Mikudayo: Today is the day you graduate from the MIKUdemy!!!
Principal Mikudayo: Hello! Sayonara! Arigato!
Principal Mikudayo: It is inappropriate to cry as you say farewell to the MIKUdemy! So, let us part ways smiling and singing our school song!
Principal Mikudayo: Now, everyone, together! “Be The MUSIC!”
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Between Worlds]

Miku: Welcome back. I take it you were also able to find “something special”?
Miku: I'm sure the others will appreciate it very much if you treasure the time you spent with them.
Miku: Hehe. Anyway, let's meet again in SEKAI♪ Bye bye.
(White cut)
