sp39 April Fool's 2024 Opening Cutscene (aprilfool_2024_01)

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

Miku: Welcome, everyone!
Miku: Your timing couldn't have been better! I just discovered a pair of very strange SEKAI today...
Miku: One that looks like the past and another that looks like the future!
(Selection: Like time traveling?! / What does that mean?)
Miku: If you're curious what they're like, then it might be best to just go visit them for yourself. The past and future may not be quite what you're all expecting...
Miku: Plus, it looks all our friends from SEKAI are there.
Miku: So, I hope you all enjoy seeing what sorts of adventures they go on.
(Background change)

[Past SEKAI?]

Tsukasa: Wh-What is this plaaaace?!
Len (WxS): D-Dunno, but this feels like that film you guys showed us about traveling way back in time!
Tsukasa: Wait... If what you're saying is true, then we've been sent back to prehistoric times?!
MEIKO (WxS): Um, actually—
Toya: Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: T-Toya...?! Shiraishi, you too...?
Nene: Rin, Len, Luka...?! Wait, I just saw Len and Luka...
Minori: Eep! Wh-What is this place?!
Airi: This feels a little too elaborate to be a prank...
Ena: Wh-What's going on? Am I dreaming...?
Kanade: No, we were just working together a second ago...
Shiho: What in the world is going on here...?
Luka (Ln): I don't know, but I think we're...
Nene & Ichika: What...?
An: Huh?
(Background change)

[Future SEKAI?]

Emu: Wh-Whoa...! Look at all these buildings and machines! I've never seen anything like this before!
KAITO (WxS): This is such a strange SEKAI. Also...
Miku (WxS): I can't believe I'm getting to meet these me-but-not-mes...!
Luka (N25): Yes, this is quite strange. But it looks like it will be very entertaining♪
Mizuki: Haha. You never change, Luka.
Kohane: What do we do if we can't find a way to go back...?
Haruka: Don't worry. We were able to get here, so I have to think there's a way for us to return.
Shizuku: Right. And we're surrounded by such reliable people.
Rui: Still, we don't know exactly how we're supposed to get back. We may want to look for food and shelter just in case.
Mafuyu: Then, why don't we split the work by breaking into teams? As it stands, we need...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: Okay, these teams should work.
Shiho: First, the base team will find shelter and cook for us.
(Background change)
Shizuku: Let's do our best to find a suitable shelter where we can all feel safe.
Saki: And we'll be foraging for food that they can use, right?! It's really hard to say what's out there... But I hope there's something yummy♪
(Background change)
An: Foraging team, listen up! We need to do our best to make sure we don't go hungry!
Tsukasa: Finally, the exploration team will set out to find a way for us to all go home!
(Background change)
Akito: It's down to us to find a way back, so keep a sharp eye out, you guys.
Miku (WxS): Alright, let's all do our best to find a way home together☆
(Black cut)
