sp40 April Fool's 2024 Ending Cutscene (aprilfool_2024_02)

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

Nene: So, this is gonna let us go back to our regular SEKAI? It just looks like a square rock to me...
Toya: Yes, I know. But if you look closely, it has a screen and buttons similar to that of a music player.
An: Hey, you're right. And the screen even says...
Kanade: Oh, it says, “Untitled”... So, all we have to do is press play?
Ichika: But pressing it doesn't seem to do anything. What are we supposed to do...?
Tsukasa: We've also got that covered! The thing is...
(Background change)
Kohane: This device is a music player...
Akito: Based on what Kamishiro found in those research notes, it's powered by singing.
Mafuyu: Singing?
Rui: Yes. Not only that, it said, “One must sing in a way which proves they enjoyed their time here in this SEKAI.”
Emu: In other words... We just gotta show that we had fun eating, adventuring and doing stuff together through song, right...?!
(Background change)
Minori: Yeah, I think so! It actually lit up when we were singing while walking together just now!
Miku (MMJ): It became so bright just when I was really enjoying singing!
Shiho: Is such a thing actually possible...?
Ena: I'm also still having a hard time believing that, but I guess we need to just give it a try... I mean, we don't have any other options.
Airi: Right. And remembering all the stuff we did together should make it easy to show that we had a lot of fun.
(Background change)
Shizuku: It's a little sad to say goodbye to this place... But the idea of doing so through song is so beautiful.
Mizuki: We shouldn't need to make any effort to smile anyway, so this seems like a nice reflection of who we are♪
Saki: Yeah! So, let's sing and make the most of every second we have left!
Honami: Yes, I'd like to do just that.
Haruka: Then, let's sing. And return to where we belong!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Between Worlds]

Miku: Thank goodness! It looks like they were all able to return to their regular SEKAI.
Miku: I have a feeling they won't remember what happened to them in that SEKAI, but I'm glad they all had so much fun!
Miku: Plus, I really enjoyed seeing them all try and experience something new♪
Miku: Thank you all for watching over them with me! I hope we meet again in SEKAI.
Miku: But for now, bye bye!
(White cut)
