sp53 エイプリルフール2025導入ムービー (aprilfool_2025_01)

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

Miku: Thank goodness you're here.
Miku: There's something I need to tell you.
Miku: The thing is...
Miku: Something strange is happening in Shibuya again!
(Selection: What?! / Something strange?)
Miku: I understand why you're surprised.
Miku: But look over there. You should see for yourself.
(Background change)

[Shibuya?]

(Fullscreen text): One night, during the year 20XX, a meteor exploded in the sky over Shibuya.
(Fullscreen text): It was called “Coda”, and it held a powerful secret that quickly came to light after its fragments rained down on Shibuya.
(Fullscreen text): It is said that those who can harness its power are able to grant any wish they desire.
(Fullscreen text): Since then, many have sought to make Coda's power theirs.
(Fullscreen text): A battle soon unfolded between those who wished to use it for themselves and those for the sake of others.
(Fullscreen text): This is a record of what was surely a battle of epic proportions.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Commander Keisuke: My fellow heroes.
Commander Keisuke: Your actions will dictate whether or not Shibuya remains a peaceful place. Do your best again today.
Heroes: Roger!
Heroes: Understood!
Heroes: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
??? (Kanade): Thank you all for being here, my fellow villains...
??? (Kanade): There is no need to fear those heroes. Just go out there and wreak havoc.
??? (Kanade): To your heart's content.
Villains: To our heart's content...
Villains: To our heart's content.
Villains: To our heart's content. To our heart's content...!
??? (Kanade): Then, let's begin, shall we?
(Black cut)
