sp57 COLORFUL STAGE!×Tamagotchi Crossover Login Story Epilogue (collaboration_tamagotchi_ed_01)

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

Kuchipatchi: Huh? Where am I...?
Mimitchi: Oh, it's Kuchipatchi!
Memetchi: I knew you'd be here!
Kuchipatchi: Mimitchi, Memetchi! It's so great to see you!
Memetchi: Now we've just gotta find Mametchi!
???: Oh? Isn't that them?
???: It's gotta be! Hey, you guys over there!
Mimitchi: Huh? Luka? We just said goodbye! What are you doing here?
Memetchi: You too, Len! Actually, you seem kinda different...
Len: We might look similar, but I'm a different Len from the one you met.
KAITO: Miku and Mametchi sent us looking for you.
MEIKO: Here, Mametchi even drew these portraits for us.
Kuchipatchi: L-Look how squiggly they are...! Mametchi drew these for sure!
Rin: Your friend's waiting for you guys back this way! Here, follow us.
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Miku, Mametchi! We found them.
Memetchi: Mametchi!
Mametchi: Memetchi, Mimitchi, Kuchipatchi! I'm so glad you're all okay!
Mametchi: Was it frightening to lose your way like that?
Mimitchi: Not at all!
Mimitchi: I was in this place that was like a school, and these girls in a band taught me how to sing! It was really fun!
Memetchi: And I learned from some people in a street music group! They gave me a huge confidence boost!
Kuchipatchi: I asked a show troupe to teach me!
Mametchi: You were all practicing too?!
Mametchi: I was actually learning from Miku. I wanted to sing better when we perform...
Miku: This tells me that you're probably not here just because of the sleep-learning machine...
Miku: I think the strong drive you all felt to become better singers must have played a part too.
Mametchi: What...?
Rin: That means it wasn't a coincidence they ended up in those SEKAI...
KAITO: The feelings within them served as a guide.
Mametchi: Oh...! I'm emitting some sort of glow...!
Memetchi: Us too!
Miku: It must be time for you all to wake up.
Mametchi: Will we be able to return...? I'd like to come see you all again.
Kuchipatchi: I wanna come play again!
Mimitchi & Memetchi: Me too! Same here!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Miku's Voice (Miku): As long as you have strong feelings in your heart, and Mametchi's sleep-learning machine, I'm sure...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Tamagotchi School - Schoolyard]

Mametchi & Mimitchi: ♪—— ♪————
Memetchi & Kuchipatchi: ♪—— ♪————
Everyone: ♪—— ♪———— ♪—— ♪————~~~!
(Black cut)
Mametchi: We did it! We were in perfect sync from start to finish! This means we're sure to put on an amazing performance!
Memetchi: It's all because we got to train in SEKAI! Hehe, just you watch, Makiko! I'm not about to lose!
Kuchipatchi: Hehehe. I wanna sing for Nene and everybody so they can hear how good I got.
Mimitchi: Mametchi, are your upgrades to the sleep-learning machine still gonna be a while?
Memetchi: You said you're going over all that data you got to try and make it so we can have the same dream again, right?
Mametchi: About that...
Mametchi: I actually just finished yesterday, and gave it a test run.
Mimitchi: Huh?! You tried using it?!
Kuchipatchi: How'd it go?! Did you get to SEKAI?!
Mametchi: (I considered this invention a failure...)
Mametchi: (But in truth, it might be a greater success than I ever imagined!)
Mametchi: I've made plans to meet Miku in SEKAI tonight.
Mametchi: Let's go there! This time, together!
Everyone: Yeah! Whoo!
(White cut)
