sp58 JP 5th Anniversary Login Story (story_5th_anniversary)

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Kanade Yoisaki, Hatsune Miku)

Miku: Hello there. I was just looking in on our friends in their SEKAI.
Miku: Would you like to join me?
(Background change)
Ichika: Okay, I'm getting it down. All that's left now is to play with the others and see how it all fits together.
(Background change)
(Background change)
Ichika: Oh, a shooting star...!
Ichika: May Leo/need's solo show be a success.
(Selection: I'm sure it will/Looking forward to it)
Ichika: Huh? I thought I heard a voice...
Ichika: We'll make this the best show ever, for all the people who are looking forward to it.
(Background change)
Minori: One, two, three, four! Turn, turn... Stop, and pose!
Minori: I didn't over-rotate! I stopped where I wanted! Hooray! It was so worth staying to practice a little more!
(Selection: That was cute!/Good job!)
Minori: Yay, thank you!
Minori: Wait, huh? There's no one here but me, right?
Minori: But... Somehow I feel energized!
Minori: Okay! Let's go back to the training camp so I can show the others what I just did!
(Background change)
Kohane: Standing on top of the world...
Kohane: And it's not just us. Taiga and An's dad, and so many others, are aiming for the same summit.
Kohane: When I think of it that way, it really is amazing.
Kohane: But I want to go there with everyone, as Vivid BAD SQUAD.
Kohane: And to do that, we have to win RUSH BEATS!
(Selection: Rooting for you/You four can do it!)
Kohane: Did someone just cheer for me?
Kohane: Hehe. I'll really have to do my best at practice today.
(Background change)
Tsukasa: We won this opportunity to play at the Center Theatre with all of Wonderlands×Showtime's members working together.
Tsukasa: To think that a small troupe such as ours will perform on such a grand stage...
Tsukasa: We will make this show incredible! All four of us, together!
(Selection: You know it, future star!/I'm looking forward to it)
Tsukasa: Yes, leave it all to... Huh?
Tsukasa: How strange. I thought I heard a voice...
Tsukasa: Ah, but I'm behind schedule for my daily run! Here I go!
Tsukasa: *Roar*
(Background change)
Kanade: No... This demo doesn't feel quite right either.
Kanade: (I need to start over again.)
Kanade: (I need to compose a song that can save Mafuyu, but...)
(Selection: I'm sure you can/You'll keep your promise)
Kanade: What...?
Kanade: I should get back. I don't want the others to worry.
Kanade: (It's not going to be easy... But I'll write a song to touch her heart, even just a little.)
(Background change)
Miku: All of them are working so hard toward their goals.
Miku: I'm sure your words of support reached them. So please, keep on watching over them.
(Selection: I'll give it my all/You can count on me)
Miku: Great!
Miku: I'll keep on watching over them from here, too. May each of their dreams come true.
Miku: So let's keep doing our best, together!
(White cut)
