sp98 [プロセカ×サンリオキャラクターズ]コラボ記念ログインストーリープロローグ (collaboration_sanrio_op_01)

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

[Between Worlds]

Miku: ♪—— ♪————…
Miku: Oh! A fragment of a feeling. It's so bright!
Miku: Somehow just looking at it gives me a warm feeling inside. I wonder what kind of feeling this was born from.
Miku: It's not often this happens, so might as well take a look!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Miku: Wow! What an adorable SEKAI!
Miku: Huh? There's someone there...
Miku: Who are you?
Hello Kitty: Hello! I'm Hello Kitty!
Miku: Hello, Hello Kitty! My name's Hatsune Miku!
Hello Kitty: Hehe. Nice to meet you, Miku!
Hello Kitty: Oh, Miku, do you know what this place is? It looks a lot like Sanrio Puroland, where my friends and I live.
Miku: This is a SEKAI. It's a place that was born from someone's feelings.
Hello Kitty: A SEKAI? Born from feelings?
Miku: That's right! It probably looks like this because it was born out of feelings related to Puroland.
Hello Kitty: Really? Hmmm... I wonder what those feelings could be.
Miku: Actually, I came here wondering the same thing.
Miku: Hey, Kitty, what kind of place is Puroland?
Hello Kitty: At Puroland, lots of friends come to visit and play with us every day! It's so much fun♪
Hello Kitty: Especially Puro Village! There we have lots of different shows and parades.
Hello Kitty: We dance and sing and chat with all the friends who've come to visit us, and have a fun time together!
Miku: That sounds amazing! I really love singing. I wish I could play with all of you like that too.
Miku: Oh! Maybe the warmth I felt from this SEKAI was the feelings of all the people who had fun in Puroland.
Hello Kitty: Hehe. I hope that's true!
Hello Kitty: Oh, by the way, Miku! Some of my friends from Puroland are already here. I'd love to introduce you!
Miku: Really?! In that case, I'd love to introduce my friends to you too!
Hello Kitty: Yaaay! Thank you!
Hello Kitty: Hehe. At first I was startled to appear here so suddenly, but I'm happy if it means I get to make lots of new friends♪
