29_Shizuku Hinomori_R1 Beautiful Active Idol

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Shizuku: What a beautiful sunset...
Shizuku: I hardly come to this area, and it's so peaceful here...
Shizuku: (But I should really be heading back soon...)
Shizuku: (The station is just around that corner, so the agency...)
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Huh? Did I not walk past this place a while ago?
Shizuku: How strange. I was so sure I would reach the station if I just headed in this direction.
Shizuku: Well, maybe if I go back the way I came from...hm?
Shizuku: Where did I come from?
Shizuku: I'll ask someone for directions... But there's no one here...
Shizuku: I'll call Shii! Ah, but she's probably already started her shift at her part-time job by now.
Shizuku: I guess I'll have to figure this out on my own.
Shizuku: It can't possibly be that far away...
???: Shizuku? What're you doing here?
Shizuku: Oh, hello, Airi. Why are you here?
Airi: Can't you tell? I was asked to buy stuff for dinner.
Shizuku: I see. As for me, I was just taking a walk around because the sunset was so lovely.
Airi: Taking a walk, huh?
Shizuku: Yes. I'm heading back to the agency now.
Airi: That's what you say, but this is the complete opposite direction from your agency. You're lost, aren't you?
Shizuku: Lost? I'm not lost, I just wandered into a place I'm not familiar with while I was walking around...oh, huh?
Airi: That's like the textbook definition of lost!
Shizuku: I guess you're right... But, if I just go back the way I came from, I'm sure I'll be fine...
Airi: Really? Tell me which way you came from, then. And where's the train station, while we're at it?
Shizuku: Let me see, this way...or maybe not. That way?
Airi: ...
Shizuku: Or not. This way, right?
Airi: The fact that you keep looking at me for confirmation is the best proof that you're hopelessly lost.
Shizuku: I guess I'm lost...
Airi: Sigh... You have absolutely no sense of direction, so don't go walking into random roads you're not familiar with.
Airi: Come on, let's go.
Shizuku: Huh?
Airi: Don't just stand there. Hurry up.
Shizuku: Why?
Airi: You'll be fine once we get to the station, right?
Shizuku: You're taking me there?
Shizuku: But you're on your way back home after shopping, right?
Airi: Yes. I have a lot of things I need to put in the fridge, so hurry up and follow me already.
Shizuku: Thank you, Airi...
Airi: Sheesh... And don't you go wandering off into unfamiliar roads again, like I said just now, okay?
Shizuku: Yes. I'll try my best.
Airi: Don't just try your best, make sure it doesn't happen! You haven't learned from your mistake at all!
Shizuku: But...
Airi: Sigh... Your love for taking walks can be such a pain.
Shizuku: (Maybe, but...)
Shizuku: It feels like you've found me again.
Airi: What?
Shizuku: Hehe, let's go, Airi. Um...this way, right?
Airi: It's the opposite way!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom]

Cleanup Committee Member: Are all the cleanup committee class representatives here? We're making a zero-waste educational poster today. Please work with a partner to come up with a design.
Shizuku: It's a pleasure to be working together, Honami.
Honami: Yes! The pleasure's all mine, Shizuku.
Honami: I'm really glad we're working together on this. The truth is, I'm quite terrible at drawing...
Shizuku: You are? But, I'm not very confident about my drawing skills either, so let's help each other out, okay?
Honami: Of course! Let's see... We should think of a design first.
Shizuku: Yes. Maybe we can start by drawing out what we have in mind?
Shizuku: We may find something good by exchanging ideas like that.
Honami: O-Okay...
(Black cut)
Shizuku: This should do. Are you done, Honami?
Honami: Yes...sort of.
Shizuku: Let's share, then.
Shizuku: I drew someone picking up litter and putting it in the trash can. What do you think?
Honami: Wow, that's really good! It's so easy to understand!
Shizuku: Really? I'm glad you think so.
Honami: Since it's supposed to be an educational poster, having something easy to understand is definitely the way to go. Let's use your design for the poster!
Shizuku: But I haven't seen your design yet.
Honami: Um, m-my design?
Honami: P-Promise you won't laugh?
Shizuku: Hm? I won't.
Honami: Okay... I was also trying to draw someone picking up trash from the floor...
Shizuku: Uh huh.
Shizuku: Why is there an octopus here?
Honami: Ugh... This is the person picking up the trash...
Shizuku: What about this heap of rice cakes?
Honami: Th-That's the trash...
Shizuku: ...
Honami: Um...
Shizuku: This is amazing, Honami! Your art is so abstract. You're like Picasso!
Honami: Huh?
Shizuku: I'm not an art person so I don't know why, but... This design just draws me in somehow.
Honami: Whaaat?!
Shizuku: My eyes are just naturally attracted to the artwork. This should catch people's attention easily.
Shizuku: I've never seen such a wonderful design before. Let's go with this!
Honami: I-I-I-I don't think that's a good idea! Yours is definitely better!
Shizuku: I disagree. Your design is very evocative.
Honami: (I-I have to dissuade her somehow! Much as it saddens me to admit it, this bizarre drawing of mine is just no proper material for a poster!)
Honami: Um... Well... This educational poster is going to be seen by a lot of people!
Shizuku: Huh? Yes, that's true.
Honami: That means Shiho will definitely see it too!
Shizuku: My sweet Shii!
Honami: Wouldn't you like Shiho to see a poster that was designed by you? It'll be a great conversation starter!
Shizuku: But... Are you really sure we should go with mine?
Honami: Absolutely! Like I said just now, an educational poster should be easy to understand above all else!
Honami: I mean, just look around! Everyone else is going with something that's easy to understand too!
Shizuku: Oh, I know. We'll combine my layout and your art style to—
Honami: Th-That won't do!
Honami: Ah! I-I mean... That won't do because it completely changes the overall mood.
Shizuku: Does it? I was thinking Shii would be more open to talking if the poster incorporated both of our designs...
Honami: I-I don't think...
Shizuku: In any case, I want to thank you, Honami.
Honami: Huh?
Shizuku: I love spending time in this committee because I can chat with you at leisure.
Shizuku: Besides, you always share with me things about Shii that I never knew before.
Shizuku: She seldom talks about school or her friends, you see. But she does listen when I talk about certain things.
Shizuku: Like when I'm talking about the committee activities I do with you, Honami. She listens really attentively then.
Honami: Oh!
Shizuku: Please continue to be her friend, and, if you don't mind, to lend her a listening ear too.
Honami: Yes. Maybe...someday...
(Black cut)
