30_Shizuku Hinomori_R2 MORE MORE JUMP!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Shizuku: Good morning, Airi.
Airi: Hi... Look at you, grinning like you've just won something. What's up?
Shizuku: Oh? Do I look unusually happy?
Airi: You're beaming your happiness all around.
Shizuku: Hehe. It must be because of the dream I had last night.
Airi: Was it that good?
Shizuku: Yes! I dreamed about back when I was in training.
Airi: To become an idol?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Idol Candiate A: There are other girls better than her at dancing and singing...
Idol Candiate B: She gets preferential treatment only because of her pretty face.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: (Shizuku had to endure jealous girls saying nasty things about her back then...)
Airi: What's to like about dreaming of that time in your life?
Shizuku: At first, I thought it would be a bad dream too, but it developed into something nice.
Shizuku: It started with another trainee idol being mean to me, and then I was left tied up on a floating island in the middle of a swimming pool, and...
Airi: Hold on, what did you just say?
Shizuku: I was left tied up on a floating island in the middle of a swimming pool.
Airi: That's so totally random. A floating island? In a POOL? And on top of that, you were tied up?!
Airi: (On second thought, that's not too far off from what I had to undergo in those variety shows...)
Airi: W-Well, I guess dreams can be crazy like that, huh.
Airi: So, what happened after?
Shizuku: I was feeling helpless, but then Happy Everyday, the Masked Variety Idol, came to my rescue!
Airi: Wait, whaaat! It can't be...
Shizuku: She was magnificent! She leaped high up in the air and was just about to reach me!
Airi: But just as she was making that last jump to get to you, she slipped and fell into the pool?
Shizuku: Yes!
Shizuku: Huh... How did you know my dream?
Airi: Because that's exactly what happened in one of the variety shows I appeared in!
Shizuku: Oh, I knew it seemed familiar, somehow. So that's why.
Airi: You only realized that now?!
Shizuku: Hehe. So that's where the name came from, Happy Everyday, the Masked Variety Idol.
Airi: I don't really want to hear that name ever again!
Shizuku: But going back to my dream...
Airi: No, stop! I don't want to know!
Airi: Let's not go back to it, ever! You'd better go to your desk and get ready for class.
Shizuku: But I haven't finished—
Airi: You don't need to! Shoo! Back to your desk!
Shizuku: But I was just getting to the best part...
Shizuku: (In my dream, Airi slips and falls into the pool, like she said...)
Shizuku: (But she resolutely swims back to the shore of the island and unties me.)
Shizuku: (She then says, No matter how uncertain or tough things get, keep looking forward!)
Shizuku: (Airi has always been showing me the way forward. Back when I was a trainee idol, and when I quit it for a while.)
Shizuku: (I owe it to her to become a wonderful idol she can be proud of.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Airi: That was a good session. Next week, we can dance the entire song.
Haruka: And from there, we'll keep perfecting our choreography.
Shizuku: (They're talking about it as if everything was fine, but I still can't do this dance well.)
Shizuku: (I made so many mistakes in my steps, and I couldn't follow what everyone else was doing...)
Minori: ...
Shizuku: Hey, Minori. Is something wrong?
Minori: Huh? No, it's nothing.
Shizuku: ...?
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Oh well... I'll have to practice the parts I'm no good with at home.
Shizuku: I got a message?
Shizuku: Who's it from? Oh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: Shizuku!
Minori: I'm sorry for calling you out to practice with me some more...
Shizuku: Oh, it's no problem at all. I also wanted to work on that dance a bit more.
Shizuku: Are Airi and Haruka not coming?
Minori: I didn't ask them to...
Minori: They've got this dance down to a T, so I didn't want to bother them.
Minori: Er... I-I wasn't trying to say your dancing wasn't so good, nothing like that!
Shizuku: Hehe, it's okay. I know that I didn't do so well today. Let's work on improving together, shall we?
Minori: Yes. Thanks, Shizuku.
Minori: Maybe I shouldn't have kept this secret from Haruka and Airi...
Shizuku: Don't worry about it. It's understandable.
Shizuku: You didn't want to disappoint Haruka, right?
Minori: Yeah... Were you thinking the same?
Shizuku: Almost. I want to make Airi proud.
Shizuku: So let's make this our top secret special drill.
Minori: Top secret special drill? That's got a cool ring to it!
Shizuku: Hehe. Are you ready to begin? Let's surprise Haruka and Airi tomorrow by dancing perfectly.
Minori: Okay!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: One, two, three, four!
Minori: Five, six, seven, eight!
Minori: Huff... Huff... It always goes downhill towards the end.
Shizuku: I think it's because you don't shift weight the right way and it adds up over time until you fall out of step.
Minori: Aah, is that what's going on? I'll be more careful!
Shizuku: Minori, did you notice what I'm doing wrong? It seems to me that my transition between moves isn't as crisp as it should be...
Minori: Hmm... You perform every part of the choreography with a lot of care...
Minori: Oh, that could be why your movements don't seem crisp!
Minori: Haruka told me that you need to vary the tempo to make each part more distinctive!
Shizuku: That could be it. I'll pay more attention to changes in the tempo.
Minori: Good luck! Let's try again from the start!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Huff... Oof... I think we're getting there.
Minori: Yeah, it's all coming together—
Airi: Told you they'd be here!
Shizuku: Airi and Haruka...
Haruka: We sensed there was something odd about you two after practice, so we came here on a hunch.
Airi: You looked like you were beating yourselves up over not quite getting the dance steps.
Airi: So you two are having a private practice session, is that it? Haruka, what should we do with them?
Haruka: Hmm...
Shizuku & Minori: ...
Haruka: Let's have them show us the dance moves they practiced without us.
Shizuku & Minori: !!
Airi: Yeah, let's see if you've made any progress!
Shizuku: I'm happy to do so!
Airi: It's getting dark, so you only have one try.
Minori: That's going to be enough! Let's do this, Shizuku!
Shizuku: I'm ready!
(Black cut)
