31_Shizuku Hinomori_R3 On A Flashy Stage

Gacha phrase: I love this job, but...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: One, two, three, four...
Airi: Minori, you need to move faster to keep up with the timing!
Shizuku: Oh?
Minori: Ah, good afternoon, Hinomori!
Shizuku: You're sweating a lot, Minori. Were you practicing your routine?
Minori: Yes, but it's not going very well...
Airi: That's why I'm teaching her. Alright, Minori, enough talking. Get back to practice!
Minori: Y-Yes, ma'am! One, two, three...
Airi: You're slowing down again!
Minori: Sorry!
Shizuku: I used to be really bad at shifting my weight like that too.
Minori: What? You too?
Shizuku: Yes. I was terrible before my debut and destroyed quite a few pairs of dance shoes because of that.
Shizuku: I had to change practice outfits so many times throughout the day, I ended up with a stack of them... Eventually, I developed my very own routine.
Minori: Th-That's amazing...
Minori: Alright, that means I have to practice hard enough to develop two routines!
Airi: What's that got to do with anything?
Minori: T-True...
Airi: Come on, stop talking and get back to practice already! Are you really serious about mastering the moves?
Minori: Yes, I am! Alright, here goes!
Shizuku: Minori is working so hard...
Shizuku: It took me quite a while before I was finally able to master dance moves like that...
Shizuku: (I couldn't get it right no matter how hard I practiced, and I was about to give up out of frustration, until...)
Shizuku: ...
Airi: Why are you staring at me?
Shizuku: Nothing, really.
Airi: Okay?
Shizuku: Oh dear...
Shizuku: I'm sorry, Minori. I really wanted to help you practice, but I have to go to work now.
Minori: Please don't worry about me and enjoy your work, Hinomori!
Airi: Do your best, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Yes. I'll see you both tomorrow.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Cameraman: Okay, that's all for the shoot today. Thanks!
Shizuku: I'm glad everything went smoothly... Thank you, too.
Cameraman: All the photos we took today were fantastic. I can't decide which one to use as cover...
Staff: What about this one?
Cameraman: Hm... I think her face can be seen clearer in the composition of this one here, though.
Cameraman: Gosh, she's so good-looking.
Shizuku: ...
Shizuku: Everyone is complimenting me...
Shizuku: (But they're only talking about my appearance...)
Shizuku: (I understand that looks are important as an idol, but...)
Shizuku: The idol I really want to be is...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop)
Minori: One, two, three, four...
Shizuku: She's practicing the same dance moves today too. While I do hope she can become an idol one day...
Shizuku: (She'll have to see and go through many things behind the scenes that are quite unsavory, and that may cause her to lose hope...)
Shizuku: (Just like how Airi lost hope...)
Minori: Ah! Hello, Hinomori! Are you here to watch me today, too?
Shizuku: Yes. I was thinking of practicing together.
Minori: Thank you! I'm really happy to have you join me!
Shizuku: ...
Shizuku: (Still, I don't know why but... When I look at her, I can't help but want to cheer her on.)
Shizuku: Hehe. Let's practice hard together, Minori.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Shizuku: I think we're quite coordinated on this part now.
Minori: Yeah! Our practice sessions bore fruit!
Haruka: And you've gotten much better at the moves you were having trouble with.
Minori: Hehe, it feels so nice to be complimented by Haruka...
Shizuku: Hehe, I'll have to work harder too, so that I can dance as well as Minori.
Shizuku: Let's do this part together again when Airi can join us for practice next time.
Minori: Okay! Then our next... Wait, what? It's already so late?!
Shizuku: Time really flies when you're enjoying yourself...
Haruka: Let's stop here for today and get ready to go back.
Minori: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Minori: Haruka, Shizuku. Can I ask for your advice about something?
Haruka: What is it? I don't mind.
Shizuku: Yes, what advice do you need?
Minori: I want to know... What should I do in order to become an idol that's acknowledged by everyone?
Haruka: Acknowledged... As in?
Minori: I want to be acknowledged by not just fellow group members, but everyone who watches our shows as well!
Shizuku: That's quite a difficult goal to reach...
Minori: Y-Yeah, I thought so...
Shizuku: There are many different ways to receive acknowledgement from others, but what made you think about this in the first place?
Minori: Well, it's because Haruka said I was a true idol too...
Haruka: Huh?
Minori: I was super happy when she said that to me, so I started wanting to have more and more people acknowledge me as a true idol to feel that happiness again...
Shizuku: Hehe, I see.
Minori: But I couldn't figure out how, no matter how hard I tried.
Haruka: In that case... How about this?
Haruka: Put your ideal image of what an idol should be like ahead of what others think.
Haruka: That's the quickest way to becoming an idol that's acknowledged by everyone.
Minori: My ideal image of what an idol should be like?
Minori: My ideal idol is...you, Haruka!
Haruka: Huh?
Minori: Because I've always wanted to become an idol that brings hope to everyone like you do!
Minori: This hasn't changed even now! I fully intend to keep this ideal image in my heart forever!
Haruka: Minori...
Minori: What about Shizuku? What's your ideal image of an idol? The one you want to become?
Shizuku: Me?
Shizuku: The ideal idol I want to become is...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy)
Shizuku: What should we do for today's practice?
Shizuku: I think we're ready to start practicing along to the music. I'll talk about it with everyone after school...
Mafuyu: Hm? Hinomori?
Shizuku: Oh, Asahina!
Mafuyu: Long time no see. How are you?
Shizuku: I'm fine, thank you.
Shizuku: By the way, I'm really sorry I haven't been showing up at the archery club lately...
Mafuyu: Don't worry about it, I know you're busy.
Mafuyu: Also, you seem to be really having fun lately.
Shizuku: Huh?
Mafuyu: You joined a new group, right? I think that must be why you've been so full of life these days.
Shizuku: You...may be right.
Shizuku: When I quit being an idol, I felt like all the work I had done as an idol had been futile.
Shizuku: People praised me, but only because of my looks...
Shizuku: I even started wondering if anyone actually saw the person I truly am inside.
Mafuyu: The person...I truly am...
Shizuku: Yes. I mean, I understood that not everyone saw only what was on the outside, but...
Shizuku: I was still tormented about it... I didn't know if being an idol like that had any meaning at all.
Shizuku: But I think I must have started feeling that way because I had lost sight of the image of the ideal idol I wanted to become.
Mafuyu: Oh... You have a lot going on in your life too, Hinomori.
Shizuku: But I'm doing fine now.
Shizuku: The ideal idol I want to become...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: I won't lose sight of her any longer.
(Black cut)
