132_Shizuku Hinomori_R3 What I Want To Become (event_5)

Gacha phrase: I want to help everyone too...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - School Gate]

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Shizuku: (Practice went so well today...)
Shizuku: (We've finally settled on a course of action, so I suppose it's no wonder. I have to make sure that I'm not left behind.)
Shizuku: (Oh... A red light.)
Shizuku: (I was really hoping to avoid getting stuck in the middle of so many people...)
High School Student A: Hey, is that Shizuku Hinomori? The one that used to be in Cheerful * Days?
High School Student B: Oh, whoa! I think so! Damn... She's so pretty!
Shizuku: ...
High School Student A: It feels like such a waste... I mean, quitting show business even though she's that gorgeous.
High School Student B: But I heard that the other members were jealous of her and picked on her because of her looks...
High School Student A: If that's true, she could've just kept being a model after leaving her group, right?
Shizuku: ...
Shizuku: (Kept being a model...)
Shizuku: (If I did stay as a model, would it have helped us in our search for an agency?)
Shizuku: (Maybe my modeling contacts would've treated us differently when I asked them for help...)
Airi: Hey! Heeey! Shizuku! Can you hear me?!
Shizuku: Huh? A-Airi? We just parted ways and... Why are you here?
Airi: Here. This is yours, right?
Shizuku: Oh, my towel...?
Airi: You left it on the rooftop, so I picked it up for you. But I forgot to actually give it to you when we left school.
Shizuku: And you came all the way here? Thank you, Airi.
Airi: You're welcome, but... What were you doing just now? The light turned green ages ago and you just stood there...
Shizuku: Oh... It did turn green. I had something on my mind and didn't notice at all...
Airi: Is that so... Well, I did manage to catch up to you because of that.
Airi: Oh, let's cross quickly before the light turns red again.
Shizuku: Yeah.
Airi: You said you had something on your mind? Can I ask what exactly?
Shizuku: Well...
(Black cut)
Airi: If you'd stayed as a model, huh...
Shizuku: Sure. I think I would've been much more helpful but...
Airi: You dummy...
Airi: There's no point in putting so much thought into what-if scenarios.
Airi: We know what our next goal is, right? That's all we need to think about.
Shizuku: Yes, I agree but...
Airi: Besides, what you really want to become is not a model, but an idol, right?
Shizuku: Right...
Airi: Then you should be putting that first.
Shizuku: Yes, you're right...
Airi: Let me ask you again, Shizuku. What do you want to do?
Shizuku: I want to become an idol with you, Minori and Haruka...
Shizuku: I want the four of us to become idols together as MORE MORE JUMP!
Airi: If that's true, then stop dwelling on the past! Be more proud of what you're doing!
Shizuku: More proud...?
Airi: Exactly. Because we're all right here with you!
Shizuku: Ah... Hehe, you're absolutely right. I can show the world that I made the right decision.
Airi: Great!
Airi: Oh, but don't stand still in front of a crosswalk when the light is green, okay? You'll just be blocking the people behind you.
Shizuku: Hehe. Yes, I'll be careful.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Today, as part of our video-making process, we'll be watching different videos on various sites to see what we can learn from them!
Haruka: We're starting with the idol-related videos first, right? I have a feeling there's going to be so many of them.
Minori: Okay! Let's all search for some videos now♪
Shizuku: (I need to contribute too. Let's see... To search for videos, I tap here and...)
Shizuku: Hm? It's not working... Hello...? Mr. Smartphone?
Airi: Sigh... You and electronics really don't get along, huh...
Airi: Wait, hold up! You haven't even opened any video sites yet!
Airi: Here! To search for a video, tap here. Then you enter a keyword in the search bar and press the search button.
Shizuku: I get it now. Let me try it out.
Shizuku: Oh, but what should I be searching for?
Airi: Good question. If we all used the same keywords, we'll just end up finding the same things...
Airi: How about you just try whatever comes to mind first when you think about idol-related stuff?
Shizuku: Idol-related stuff... Ah!
Shizuku: (Hehe. For me, that would be...)
Shizuku: Oh my! This is amazing! Look at this, Airi.
Airi: What is it? You found something good?
Shizuku: Yes! Here, look at this.
Video Airi (Airi): <How's everyone doing♪ The Masked Variety Idol, Happy Everyday, is here to make☆your☆day!>
Airi: Wait a minute! What on earth were you searching for?!
Shizuku: Hm? I just searched for Happy Everyday...
Airi: That's not what I was asking!
Haruka: Oh, this show... I've heard about it, but this is my first time actually seeing it.
Minori: I watched it every week! Airi was always so cool whenever she was on it!
Airi: R-Really...?
Airi: But this won't help us at all, so we don't need to watch it! Plus, it's gotta be a terms of service violation, so I'm gonna report it!
Airi: Sigh... Why am I so tired after just searching for videos online...?
Haruka: Hey, everyone. Look at this.
Minori: Um, the Can It Be Done in Three Minutes ☆ Series?
Haruka: Yes. This is the part where rookie idols are faced with all sorts of challenges...
Haruka: How they handle or complete a challenge reveals what they're really like and it's really interesting to watch.
Shizuku: Aside from singing and dancing, these kinds of segments might also make our videos more enjoyable for both ourselves and our viewers.
Airi: That's true!
Airi: Okay, this is good. Let's keep looking for more we can use.
Shizuku: Yes, of course...
Video Airi (Airi): <How's everyone doing♪ The Masked Variety Idol, Happy Everyday, is here to make☆your☆day!>
Airi: Hey, stop that! Why are you playing it again?!
Shizuku: Oh, that's strange. I did stop the it but... Let's see... Stop.
Video Airi (Airi): <How's everyone doing♪ The Masked Variety Idol, Happy Everyday, is here to make☆your☆day!>
Shizuku: Oh dear...
Airi: What're you doing? Come on, give it here.
Shizuku: Don't worry. I think I just have to press this one instead. There...!
Video Airi (Airi): <How's everyone doing♪ The Masked Variety Idol, Happy Everyday, is here to make☆your☆day!>
Shizuku: Huh?
Minori & Haruka: Hehehe.
Airi: Enough! Just give it here already!
(Black cut)
