160_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 I'm Not Just Anyone, I'm "Me" (event_11)

Gacha phrase: I have something I'd like to say.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Shizuku: Phew...
Airi: You're looking a lot better than when I talked to you in the classroom.
Shizuku: Hehe. Thanks to you, Airi.
Shizuku: After all the things you told me, I was finally able to figure out what kind of person I want to be.
Shizuku: I'm still not sure how the fans are going to feel about my decision...
Shizuku: But I'm still going to try!
Airi: Yeah! That's the spirit!
Airi: The first step is to show everyone your determination. And even if something happens, just remember that we're here with you!
Shizuku: Right. Thank you...
Shizuku: ...
Airi: Hm? What's with the grin?
Shizuku: I was just thinking about how you always manage to cheer me up.
Airi: I do?
Shizuku: Yes. Ever since we first met.
Shizuku: Do you remember when we were both still idols in training? I was feeling down because of all the rumors about me, but you were always willing to talk to me...
Airi: I was just trying to encourage you to keep going.
Airi: You're the one that won the entire audition and I didn't want you moping around just because of some dumb rumors.
Shizuku: Right. I was still new to everything back then, having a hard time with the dance routines and causing problems for the other girls.
Shizuku: I was so upset with myself that I cried a lot for not being able to do anything right.
Shizuku: When I decided to stay behind to keep practicing on my own, you'd come up and yell, No, not like that!
Airi: ...
Shizuku: Then you'd stay and practice with me.
Airi: I guess we did do that too, huh?
Shizuku: You even did the same thing when I decided to quit.
Shizuku: You got so mad that you rushed into the Cheerful * Days theatre on your own.
Airi: Uh... Can we just forget about that?
Shizuku: Hehe. I don't think I'll ever forget that.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Airi: I hate the fact that I know exactly how you feel...
Airi: That's right! I was just as jealous as you are! Jealous of Shizuku's looks and the fact that she was so special!
Airi: I admit I was upset that she was always chosen over me no matter how much effort I put in!
Airi: But... Open your eyes!
Airi: Shizuku never once took advantage of her position! She always put in the effort to live up to everyone's expectations of her.
Airi: She continued trying to give hope to her fans. That's why she's so popular. That's why she was chosen as lead!
Airi: All we did was start sulking in our own jealousy. She's nothing like us!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: I'm never ever forgetting what happened that day...
Shizuku: Also, it also made me realize something...
Airi: Hm?
Shizuku: You weren't seeing me as Shizuku Hinomori of Cheerful * Days, but you saw me for who I was.
Shizuku: I think that was what made me the happiest.
Airi: Shizuku...
Airi: It's a little late to confess now, but I was always a fan of yours...
Airi: No, was is the wrong word. I still am your fan.
Shizuku: Huh?
Airi: I've been you work so hard since the very beginning. I was actually really proud when you finally made your debut.
Airi: Of course, I was irritated at the same time that you got so far ahead of me.
Airi: But I really was happy to see all of your hard work slowly start to pay off.
Airi: So keep working hard, okay?! As much for the fans as for yourself.
Shizuku: Airi...
Airi: Oh. But don't worry. We're all in this together!
Shizuku: Right. You, me, Haruka and Minori... The four of us together are MORE MORE JUMP!
Airi: That's right!
Shizuku: This time, let's make sure to become the idols we want to be.
Shizuku: The kind of idols who are able to give everyone around them hope for tomorrow!
Airi: Of course! That's what MORE MORE JUMP! is all about!
Shizuku: Right! Shall we make a pinky promise?
Airi: Hehe. Pinky promise? Are we back in elementary school now?
Airi: Well, if you insist...
Shizuku: Okay, here goes. Pinky promise...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Shizuku: Thanks for coming, everyone.
Airi: You don't really need to thank us just for meeting.
Haruka: I agree. So what did you need to talk about?
Shizuku: Oh, before we get into that... I was hoping to apologize to everyone.
Minori: Huh?
Shizuku: I'm so sorry for all the trouble I caused everyone with our other video. I didn't mean to make you all worry so much.
Minori: You don't have to apologize for that, Shizuku!
Minori: You were just trying your hardest to show everyone the real you!
Shizuku: Thank you, Minori. But that doesn't change the fact that I made everyone worry about me.
Shizuku: So, I'm very sorry. Also...
Shizuku: Thank you so much for believing in me enough to wait!
Haruka: Shizuku...
Minori: Shizuku...!
Airi: In other words, you're trying to take responsibility. You really are too honest for your own good sometimes.
Shizuku: Still, that helped me clear my mind.
Shizuku: Minori, Airi, Haruka. I know I can be a handful... But I hope you'll continue to have me.
Airi: Of course.
Haruka: I'm just glad you came to a decision you're happy with.
Minori: Me too! Let's keep doing what we can, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Right!
Airi: Alright, can we get back to why we're here?
Shizuku: Yes. The truth is, I've been thinking about what to do for our next video and I wanted to get your opinions.
Shizuku: I apologize if it doesn't look very organized, but I just wrote down some thoughts in my notebook.
Minori: One... Two... You have three whole pages?!
Airi: You're really raring to go, aren't you?!
Airi: Still, let's take a look at what you have. Which one of these was your favorite idea, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Well, let me see...
Shizuku: (Discussing the best way to promote ourselves like this sure feels strange...)
Shizuku: (Up until now, I only ever had to follow whatever plans the agency came up with for me.)
Shizuku: (It's thanks to them that the Shizuku Hinomori of Cheerful * Days was born and had so many adoring fans.)
Shizuku: (But from now on, I want to be the real me. I want them to support me as Shizuku Hinomori of MORE MORE JUMP!)
Shizuku: If I were to pick one, it would probably be the one where we each introduce our own personal techniques for practicing.
Minori: Our own techniques?
Shizuku: Yes. For example, Haruka always spends extra time making sure she properly stretches, yes?
Shizuku: Or how Airi and I have slightly different voice training methods and such.
Shizuku: I imagine there's a lot we don't know about one another's personal foibles when it comes to practicing alone, no?
Shizuku: So we can watch videos of each other for the first time alongside the fans to show them our genuine reactions.
Haruka: That would work since we stream our videos live. It might make it feel a little more like a concert too.
Airi: Yeah, that's true!
Shizuku: If we do it this way, we can each have some dedicated time in the spotlight.
Shizuku: And I think it'll be a particularly good way for the fans to learn more and more about Minori.
Minori: Oh...
Haruka: I think that's a great idea.
Haruka: I want everyone to learn more and more about Minori as well.
Minori: Shizuku... Haruka...
Airi: I like it. And if we're doing something like stretching, the viewers can even do it with us.
Airi: It'll be a great way to encourage everyone to participate!
Minori: Yeah! Oh, I'd be really interested in seeing the voice training videos!
Airi: You do remember that you're making your own as well, right?
Minori: Oh! That's right!
Haruka: Hehe. If Minori is this excited about it, I'm sure that means the fans will want to watch it as well.
Shizuku: I think so too.
Minori: Yeah! I'm sure they will!
Minori: Stretching and voice training with everyone?! This is gonna be such a fun stream♪
Airi: And thinking about this from the fans' perspective really is important. Anyways, let's get down to planning!
Shizuku: Right!
Shizuku: (I hope this means I was of use to everyone. Hehe. I'm actually starting to get excited myself.)
Shizuku: (I think this is the first time I've felt this way since becoming an idol.)
Shizuku: (I have no idea what the right thing to do is, but that isn't going to stop me from giving it my best.)
Shizuku: (It's time to get everyone to support me as Shizuku Hinomori of MORE MORE JUMP!)
(Black cut)
