192_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Meeoow~? (event_17)

Gacha phrase: Meeoow~?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Airi: Here's your matcha latte, Shizuku. And your sweet soybean powder and syrup au lait, Haruka.
Haruka: Oh, thank you.
Shizuku: And I see that you got yourself a roasted tea au lait Airi?
Airi: Hehe. You can't miss with this. Anyways, cheers for a job well done on our first joint stream!
Haruka: Cheers!
Shizuku: Cheers! And we have a show that we need to prepare for coming up too...
Haruka: Minori's probably practicing on her own somewhere right now too.
Airi: You're probably right. I'd really rather have her rest considering how much we did this afternoon...
Haruka: ...
Shizuku: Haruka, could it be that what you told Minori is bothering you...?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Haruka: But we also can't let doubt creep into our viewers' minds.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Airi: You weren't wrong. Actually, I think that's something she needed to hear...
Airi: If you didn't, Haruka, I probably would've ended up saying something similar...
Haruka: But it sounded so harsh... Maybe even hurtful...
Shizuku: It was a little harsh of you to say that...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Comment: <She'll just blow it again...> <For Haruka's sake, don't screw up!> <Stay off to the side.>
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Airi: Minori's probably beating herself up over it too. She did everything she could to meet up to everyone's expectations...
Haruka: Right...
Shizuku: (Beating herself up...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Trainee Idol A: You won the Grand Prix, but can't even do a dance as simple as that one?
Trainee Idol B: *Sigh*... Why wasn't I born with a face like that?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: (All those times I felt so ashamed of myself after being told so many awful things by everyone, I ended up running from practice...)
Shizuku: (But Minori just...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: (Minori's probably just...)
Haruka: No, I am worried about her. I need to go and talk to her.
Airi: Yeah. I'm sure she'll feel a lot better if we're there with her.
Shizuku: *Gasp*...! Wait, you two!
Shizuku: Right now, I think we should give her a little more time...
Haruka: Huh?
Shizuku: If it were me in her shoes, I'd want you to be there to tell me that everything will be okay but...
Shizuku: I think Minori's stronger than that.
Airi: Stronger? Are you sure...?
Shizuku: Even after what happened, she tried to laugh it off, didn't she?
Shizuku: She was doing everything she could to make sure our stream didn't go awry, so she smiled and laughed...
Shizuku: I couldn't imagine myself doing that, especially if I were just starting out.
Airi: Shizuku...
Airi: I get what you're trying to say, but for your own sake, please don't be so self-deprecating like that.
Shizuku: Hehe. Don't mind me. That's not what I meant by that.
Haruka: I think Shizuku is trying to say that Minori will find her own way out of this.
Shizuku: Yes. She may be crying all by herself right now...
Shizuku: But those tears will surely find a way to turn into hope and encouragement.
Shizuku: I believe that she needs those tears because she'll find a way to use them like a springboard to stand right back up.
Airi: And keep moving forward...
Shizuku: Yes. That's why I think we should believe in her and trust that she can find her own way through this.
Airi: Okay...
Airi: You might be right about us going to see her now. She could take it as us not believing in her.
Shizuku: Exactly. So let's put our faith in her. I'm sure she'll be back to her usual, smiling self tomorrow.
Haruka: I agree with Shizuku...
Haruka: I guess I was more concerned about her than I realized...
Airi: We're all in this together, so we hardly blame you.
Haruka: But I was about to throw what she did away.
Haruka: Shizuku, thank you...
Shizuku: Hehe. You're welcome.
Airi: By the way, Shizuku, do you have a second...?
Shizuku: Yes, Airi?
Airi: I keep talking about stuff that happened when we were still in training, but the past is the past. Let's focus on the present, okay?
Airi: We've both come a long way since then, so it's time to stand up and spread your wings as Shizuku Hinomori of MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: Airi...
Shizuku: You're right! Thank you!
Haruka: Hehe. Oh, a cat...
Airi: Aww, it's so cute! No, wait...!
Haruka: That's right, you're allergic! Are you okay, Airi?
Airi's Voice (Airi): As long as I stay about this far away...!
Shizuku: I wish you could enjoy this too, Airi. Hello, Mr. Kitty Cat.
Cat: Meeoow?
Shizuku: Oh, it tilted its head. Then how about I... Meeoow?
Haruka: *Gasp*!
Airi: S-S-Shizuku! Your tea! It's gonna get all over your clothes...!!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Corridor]

Shizuku: Hmm...
Shizuku: How strange. The first-year classroom should be around here but...
Shizuku: Oh...!
Shizuku: Oh, are you a first year by chance? I'm looking for Class 1-A. Would you mind showing me where it is?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 1-A]

Shizuku: Hello...
Student A: Whoa, it's Hinomori's big sis!
Student B: Oh, hey! Maybe she's here to see Hanasato?
Shiho: Sh-Shizuku...
Minori: Hi, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Shii! Minori!
Shiho: Ugh... Could you not yell our names out like that while barging in...?
Minori: Let's let her off this one time. But what brings you to our class, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Oh, I'm letting you know that I may not be able to come to practice today because of committee work.
Shizuku: I thought I should hand this to you while I still had the chance...
Minori: Th-This bag's really heavy... Can we look inside?
Shizuku: Yes, of course.
Minori: Let's see...
Minori: Oh, it's a book about voice training! And some notebooks too!
Shizuku: They're all books I read and notes I took for practice when I was just starting out as an idol.
Shizuku: I was wondering if these might be of some help to you as well when you're not sure where to go.
Minori: Wow! These are full of tips and tricks that I'd like to try!
Minori: But are you sure about giving these to me?
Shizuku: Yes, of course.
Shizuku: Unlike Airi and Haruka, I'm not very good at giving pinpoint answers or detailed advice, but I thought I could at least help you like this.
Shizuku: My hope is that these will be useful to you as well, so there's no need to hesitate.
Minori: Okay...! Thank you, Shizuku!
Minori: Oh, but this book seems a little more advanced than the others. This looks pretty difficult...
Minori: Everything I learned online, plus everything I learned from you and the others, only included the basics. Can I really learn these things...?
Shizuku: Don't worry, Minori. I believe you'll have a much easier time than you think, especially now.
Minori: Really?!
Shizuku: Yes, I do. I hope you'll give them a try.
Minori: Yeah, okay! I'll take good care of them!
Shizuku: Hehe.
Shizuku: Oh, there's also something else I wanted to do, if it's alright?
Shiho: Which is...?
Shizuku: I'd like to have lunch together.
Shiho: Wait, lunch? Minori and I already ate...
Shizuku: You did...?
Shiho: Duh. Can't you see break's already half over?
Shizuku: That seems rather strange. I left my class as soon as the bell rang...
Shiho: You got lost again, didn't you?
Minori: Shizuku, you put yourself through all that to give me your books and notes...?!
Minori: I'll join you! We can have lunch together!
Shizuku: Minori, thank you...!
Shiho: That settles that then. I'll leave you two to...
Minori: No, Shiho! Wait! Let's all go together!
Minori: I really want to hear about what you two are like at home too!
Shiho: Then I really don't want to go...
Minori: But it'd be the first time we all had lunch together too...!
Minori: Shiho, please! I promise to buy you a cream puff or an éclair later so...!
Shiho: That's fine. I don't really like sweets anyway.
Minori: Pleeease...!
Shizuku: ...
Shizuku: (I never knew that Minori and Shii were so close.)
Minori: If you don't come, you'll make Shizuku skip her lunch and go through her classes this afternoon on an empty stomach...!
Shiho: Yes, yes. Poor her.
Minori: No, please...! Shiho!
Shizuku: Hehehe.
(Black cut)
