223_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 An Invitation To Relax (event_23)

Gacha phrase: Let's do what you want, Haruka.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Shizuku: ...
Airi: Hm? Is something bothering you, Shizuku...?
Shizuku: Oh, Airi... I was just thinking about this upcoming Sunday.
Shizuku: You know, how we all agreed yesterday to take a break from our usual practice?
Airi: Yeah, you did. Haruka even said she wants to go, so why's it bothering you now?
Shizuku: That's the thing... I'm just not sure if Haruka will really be able to enjoy herself.
Airi: You're really saying this now?
Airi: Honestly, if you keep feeling this way, there's no way Haruka's gonna be able to have any fun.
Shizuku: I know, but...
Shizuku: I've been trying to come up with ways to help Haruka relax and have fun, but I have nothing so far...
Airi: Oh, that's what this is really about? Well...
Airi: I doubt Haruka actually maintains her perfect idol persona 24/7.
Airi: Like... Oh, during the Sports Festival!
Airi: Even though she was super busy with committee stuff, she still had a good time with her classmates.
Shizuku: Oh, you're right. She even celebrated with her friends in the end after the big relay too...
Airi: See? She might be more of a normal girl than we think without us really knowing it.
Airi: I guess what I'm trying to say is that we just need to give her those kinds of opportunities to show it.
Shizuku: I see... Thank you, Airi. I'm getting a much better picture now.
Shizuku: Oh, of course... I should talk to Minori too.
Airi: Huh?
Shizuku: She spends the most amount of time with Haruka, no?
Shizuku: My guess is that talking to her may give me an even clearer picture.
Airi: Yeah, go for it.
Airi: But what about Haruka? You gonna talk to her too?
Shizuku: No, not right now. I'd rather not cause a fuss by making her think that there may be something wrong.
Airi: Okay, that should probably be fine then.
Airi: How about I go with you? Knowing you, your conversation won't end in time for our next class.
Shizuku: Hehe. I appreciate it, Airi.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Airi: There she is! Minori!
Minori: Hm? Airi and Shizuku? Do you need me for something?
Shizuku: Remember how we talked about going out together this Sunday? Airi and I were hoping to discuss something concerning it with you...
Shizuku: (But how do I explain this to her...)
Shizuku: (I shouldn't start by saying that I'm worried about Haruka, but I may not be able to learn how to have Haruka relax without saying so...)
Shizuku: Um... Well...
Airi: We're going out, but didn't really decide on where we'd go or what we'd do and stuff, right...?
Airi: So we'd like to pick your brain a little.
Shizuku: (Airi...!)
Airi: (Okay, okay. Just calm down for now.)
Airi: You wanted to go do some karaoke, shop and grab some dessert, right, Minori?
Minori: Yeah! I want to do cheers for you guys while you sing, and we can sing songs together that we usually don't!
Minori: As for shopping, I thought that it'd be fun to come up with new outfits for each other!
Minori: And dessert... Hehe. That's just me wanting to have some sweets and chat like regular girls.
Shizuku: Hehe. I'd like that too. It sounds like fun.
Airi: Which do you think out of all those will Haruka enjoy doing the most?
Minori: Wait, Haruka...?
Airi: I mean, it's probably best if we find stuff that we can all enjoy, right?
Shizuku: Yes, I agree! Which one will be the most fun for Haruka?
Minori: Hmm... Okay... I think sweets then...
Minori: Oh, but she can't have anything sugary right now, so she probably won't be able to have much.
Shizuku: That's right. She loves sweets!
Minori: She does! Oh, but the other day when we were heading home together...
Minori: We talked about how it's not always good to hold back like that, and we ended up getting some cream puffs together.
Minori: Then she decided to get two of pretty much everything!
Airi: Wait, seriously?!
Minori: No joke! Thankfully, two of everything meant one for each of us...
Airi: Geez, you had me going there for a second. I actually thought you meant she got that all for herself...
Shizuku: But she really loves sweets, doesn't she?
Airi: It goes way beyond that! But I never realized Haruka had that side to her...
Shizuku: Oh, that reminds me... You two went to Phoenix Wonderland together the other day too, no?
Minori: We did! Haruka and I had lots of fun together there too!
Minori: We went on a bunch of rides, met Phenny and even took some pictures with him!
Shizuku: Oh, Phenny! Shii absolutely adores him!
Shizuku: Does that mean Haruka likes him too?
Minori: I think so. Probably because he looks so much like a penguin.
Airi: Oh, crap! Sorry, Minori, we gotta head back soon!
Shizuku: Thank you for your input! You've been a huge help!
Minori: You're very welcome! I'll see you again after school!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Class 2-D)
Airi: Phew... Made it...
Shizuku: We did, but I'm also glad that we took this opportunity to talk to her.
Shizuku: I believe we found just what Haruka needs to relax and enjoy herself.
Airi: Yeah. She wouldn't do something like ordering all those cream puffs otherwise.
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm feeling much more hopeful now.
Airi: Me too. Let's try out what we can this Sunday, okay?
Shizuku: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Shizuku: One, two, three, four...
Shizuku: Hehe. It really is nice to stretch outside when it's so sunny out.
Shizuku: One, two, three, four...
Haruka: Oh, Shizuku. Good morning. You're here early.
Shizuku: Good morning, Haruka.
Shizuku: I decided to come a little early to stretch since it's such a nice day out.
Shizuku: Would you like to join me?
Haruka: You don't mind? I think I will then.
Haruka: Oh, before we start... I need to thank you for yesterday, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Huh?
Haruka: You were genuinely worried about me, right? I thought I should thank you for showing that much concern.
Shizuku: No, you don't need to do that. We're all in this together.
Haruka: Hehe. True.
Haruka: But there's also one other thing that I'd like to ask about us moving forward.
Shizuku: Me?
Haruka: Yes. I was wondering how or when you're able to just be yourself.
Haruka: It still doesn't feel natural to me yet, so I was hoping to learn a little more from you...
Shizuku: Yes, if you're okay with me that is...! So let's see...
Shizuku: Oh, you know... I may not serve as a very good reference.
Shizuku: I'm the type that just lets their true personality show and ends up making everyone else follow suit...
Haruka: Right... We even talked before about how you really are just yourself, Shizuku...
Shizuku: Yes, it's a little embarrassing...
Shizuku: But when we're doing streams and walking around town, I do try to keep in mind that I am still an idol...
Shizuku: However, I don't tend to maintain that persona while at home or at school.
Haruka: I see...
Shizuku: You're close with some other girls in your class too, no? Like Ichika and Saki in particular.
Haruka: I am. Those two never saw me as an idol from the start. They only saw me as their classmate and I can't thank them enough for it.
Haruka: Oh, now I understand. It just means that I feel at ease around them compared to when I'm with other people...
Shizuku: That's wonderful!
Haruka: So that means An too...?
Haruka: There's this other girl who goes to a different school...
Haruka: I've known her since before I became an idol and she hasn't changed one bit since we were little.
Shizuku: Really...? I'm happy to hear that you have a friend like that!
Haruka: Yeah, me too...
Haruka: Thanks, Shizuku. I'm starting to get a better idea of how to relax and just be myself.
Haruka: Oh, also... You said you're the type that just lets their personality show. Can you give me an example of when that happens?
Shizuku: Well, I imagine it happens to most when I'm with Shii.
Shizuku: I think it has to do with how I'm not an idol to her, but her big sister.
Haruka: Oh, I see...
Shizuku: Can you think of anything else...?
Shizuku: Yes! When I'm doing homework with Airi or talking about sweets with her!
Haruka: Hehe. Schoolwork definitely has that effect.
Haruka: Our favorite foods too...
Shizuku: Actually, Minori mentioned something about cream puffs earlier.
Haruka: Huh?
Shizuku: About how you and her went somewhere together, and got two of everything on the menu.
Haruka: Oh... Hehe. I remember now.
Haruka: Training and eating right are cornerstones of becoming better as an idol...
Haruka: But Minori taught me that time that it's also important to do what we like in order to achieve those sorts of goals.
Shizuku: Yes, I see...
Haruka: Yeah...
Haruka: In hindsight, I do think that I was pushing myself a little too hard that time.
Haruka: But I also didn't realize that I'd have to try this hard just to relax or be myself.
Shizuku: I'm guessing how you simply love being an idol has a lot to do with that, Haruka.
Shizuku: I admire that part of you so much.
Haruka: Shizuku...
Haruka: Thank you.
Haruka: I'll try to be more careful from now on... Promise to tell me when you think I'm overdoing it again in the future?
Shizuku: Yes, of course.
Shizuku: (Learning how to support my friends and be there for them when they need me...)
Shizuku: (I have to keep growing as an idol to do that.)
(Black cut)
