267_Shizuku Hinomori_R3 Secret Negotiation (event_31)

Gacha phrase: Yes, of course I'll help as well!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: (Airi...)
Shizuku: Because she takes being an idol so seriously and loves it so much, she even made me want to work a little harder.
Haruka: And it's so sad that others don't get to see that side of her.
Shizuku: (Isn't there anything we can do for her...?)
Haruka: Yeah, what if we tried this...?
Shizuku: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: (A solo performance by Airi...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Haruka: Yes. We're pretty certain that the students at the elementary school already know all about her.
Haruka: But we also want her to sing, dance and interact with them to show everyone that she's an idol in every sense of the word.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: (If everybody gets a chance to see Airi performing as an idol, I'm sure their view of her will change dramatically.)
Shizuku: (I need to do everything I can to help make that happen.)
Shizuku: (I may even be in a position to ensure that things go well.)
Shizuku: Okay... That should be everything.
Shizuku: Thank goodness. I still have some of the business cards that I was given.
Shizuku: (But my manager always dealt with any official business... And I don't have many business cards left myself...)
Shizuku: (No, that doesn't matter now. I want Airi to sing that song...)
Shizuku: (It's been locked away in the record company's vaults ever since Airi's agency decided to change her image...)
Shizuku: (She was really looking forward to singing it too...)
Shizuku: (It might even be one of the biggest reasons why she feels like she wasn't seen as a real idol back then.)
Shizuku: (The writers likely possess the rights to the song, so I'll start by looking them up...)
Shizuku: (Let's see... The business cards of the people involved in the music side of things are...)
Shizuku: (Oh, here! I'll start with this one...)
Shizuku: Yes, this is Shizuku Hinomori. I apologize in advance for disturbing you so late at night. I'd like to talk to you about...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Okay, it's starting to get dark and this seems like a good place to stop, so why don't we call it a day?
Minori: Phew... We did so much again today...
Airi: But your stamina's improved so much! Your dance moves were spot on towards the end there too!
Minori: Really?! Hehe...
Haruka: ...
Shizuku: Haruka, do you have a moment? It's about Airi's solo performance...
Haruka: Sure, how are things going?
Shizuku: Actually, I need you to do me a favor.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

Haruka: Good morning, Shizuku. You're here early.
Shizuku: Oh! Good morning, Haruka!
Shizuku: And thank you so much for introducing me to all those people from the music business yesterday.
Haruka: Don't mention it. All I did was ask them if it'd be okay for me to give you their contact information, Shizuku.
Haruka: But what really surprised me was how the writer you've been looking for doesn't seem to have their own website or any sort of social media presence.
Shizuku: Yes, that just seems to be the way they operate. As a result, I kept running into dead ends in terms of reaching them...
Shizuku: But I know that they're still writing songs, so I knew there had to be a way to reach them! I promise to return with good news!
Haruka: Okay. I'll continue helping you in whatever ways I can too.
Shizuku: Thank you so much for doing this, Haruka!
Shizuku: Oh, sorry. I need to take this.
Shizuku: Hello, this is Shizuku Hinomori. Again, I apologize for disturbing you so late at night yesterday... What?!
Shizuku: You know someone who can contact them...?! Yes... Yes... Okay, I'll do that!
Shizuku: I can't thank you enough! I promise to return this favor soon. Okay, bye.
Haruka: Shizuku, was that...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Diner]

Shizuku: I'm Shizuku Hinomori. I believe it's been quite a while since we last met.
Writer: Yes, it has.
Writer: Not since I was asked to write songs for Cheerful * Days after you became the lead, I believe.
Shizuku: Yes. I need to thank you for what you did for us back then.
Writer: No, thank you. I'm glad we're able to meet like this again too. Oh, but word is that you had some trouble reaching me...
Writer: I'm sorry for putting you through all that. It's sort of my own fault for not having my work information publicly listed...
Shizuku: No, I know you're a very busy person, so I appreciate how you agreed to meet with me like this on such short notice.
Shizuku: Now, um... About why we're here... There's something I'd like to discuss with you...
Writer: Yes, I've been briefed on your situation. This is about that song I wrote for Airi Momoi, yes?
Shizuku: Yes! Would it be possible for MORE MORE JUMP! to use it during our next stream?!
Shizuku: We're scheduled to perform at an event involving elementary schoolers and...
(Black cut)
Writer: I see. And you want her to sing that song...
Shizuku: Yes.
Shizuku: I know that Airi has several fond memories of her time with QT, but she's also talked to me about her regrets and various other hurdles she had to face.
Shizuku: Not being able to sing the song you wrote may be one of her biggest regrets.
Writer: ...
Shizuku: Singing this song will mark the start of a new chapter in her story as an idol, and more importantly, as a member of MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: I want our fans, her fans, to see her on stage. I want them to see her as Airi Momoi the idol!
Shizuku: Please, I beg you!
Writer: There's no need to beg. I understand how you feel very much, Hinomori.
Writer: I've actually had an opportunity to see some MORE MORE JUMP! streams...
Shizuku: You have...?
Writer: Hehe. Isn't it only natural since you and Momoi are both members, and I wrote songs for you two? 
Writer: Also, I don't actually sing the songs I write, so I have a vested interest in supporting those who do end up singing them...
Writer: It seems that Momoi not getting a chance to sing the song I wrote for her has been bothering me this whole time...
Shizuku: ...
Writer: It's meant to be a direct reflection of her personality. I was certain that I was able to capture how she's both cute but strong, so I'd be honored if...
Shizuku: D-Does that mean...?
Writer: Yes. I'd be incredibly relieved and beyond ecstatic if she sang it.
Shizuku: Thank you! Thank you so very much! 
Shizuku: (I did it... I did it, Airi! You finally get to sing that song!)
Shizuku: (Hehe. I should let Haruka and Minori know too! After that, we'll need to get the original files and have Airi start practicing right away...!)
Shizuku: (Her performance needs to be as big a success as we can possibly make it!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Shizuku: See you next time, everyone!
(Black cut)
Airi: We did great today!
Haruka: You especially, Airi.
Minori: Yeah, you were on a roll during our talk segment!
Shizuku: I agree. You also segued us between segments so smoothly and made so many funny comments.
Airi: I'm the talker for the group, right? It's my job to make everything sound interesting.
Shizuku: (Hehe. She's finally back to being her old self.)
Shizuku: (She really had me worried for a moment there...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Shizuku: Haruka and I had another look at the messages the students from that school sent us.
Shizuku: And we came across one student who seemed very interested in when you were on all those variety shows...
Airi: Oh...
Shizuku: You felt concerned after reading this, right...?
Shizuku: We were wondering if that message dredged up some unpleasant memories...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: (I knew this entire time that Airi was still bothered by what she experienced when she was on all those variety shows...)
Shizuku: (And my actions show that I didn't do enough to take her feelings into consideration.)
Shizuku: (I even brought up Happy Everyday with her during numerous conversations...)
Shizuku: (It must've been so hard for her to hear that name coming out of my mouth.)
Shizuku: (She seems much better now, but...)
Airi: Hey... Earth to Shizuku!
Shizuku: Huh?! Y-Yes, Airi?
Airi: About us doing an after-party...
Shizuku: An after-party? Oh, to celebrate how the graduation event went...?
Haruka: Yes. It would've been nice to do this sooner, but I thought we should celebrate since this was the first offer we received as MMJ.
Minori: How about it, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes, I'd like that very much.
Minori: Great, then we're all set! Hehe. I can't wait!
Shizuku: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: Welcome, Airi!
Airi: Thanks for inviting me over. Sorry if it feels like I'm here all the time.
Shizuku: No, it's always my pleasure to have you over.
Airi: Really? If you say so...
Shizuku: (Oh, I should tell Airi before Haruka and Minori get here...)
Airi: I still haven't thanked you for what you did, have I, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Thanking me? For what?
Airi: For getting permission to use that song during the event. I heard that it caused you a lot of trouble.
Airi: Not even in my wildest dreams did I ever think that I'd get a chance to sing that song. I can't thank you enough, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Airi...
Airi: Oh, I also want to thank the person you talked to about this. Can you get me in touch with them?
Shizuku: Yes, of course. They mentioned that they'd like to talk to you as well.
Airi: Great! Ideally, I'd like to thank them in person. You think that's possible?
Shizuku: Yes, you can leave that to me!
Shizuku: But there's something I'd like to discuss with you as well, Airi...
Airi: Hm? What's up?
Shizuku: I... I'm so sorry... About Happy Everyday...
Airi: Huh?
Shizuku: I knew what you went through while you were on those variety shows still bothered you, but I still kept bringing it up.
Shizuku: Looking back, I feel awful about what I said and did...
Airi: Is that what this is about? Don't worry, you big dope.
Airi: You watched my shows every time they aired and you really enjoyed them, right?
Shizuku: Yes, absolutely!
Airi: See? So quit being such a worrywart.
Shizuku: Oh...
Airi: If anything, I started feeling a little embarrassed each time after I found out that you were watching on the other end.
Airi: Anyway, Haruka and Minori should be here soon, so why don't we start setting up for our party?
Airi: Mind if I borrow your kitchen, Shizuku?
Shizuku: You're more than welcome to, and I'd like to help as well!
(Black cut)
