274_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 The Same Dango As That Day (event_33)

Gacha phrase: Shii, would you like to eat together?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Airi: Okay, Shizuku, we'll leave the planning for our moon viewing stream up to you.
Airi: Good luck!
Shizuku: Thank you, I promise to do my best!
Minori: We're really doing a moon viewing... I've never had many opportunities to actually do one, so I can't wait!
MEIKO: Oh, you haven't?
Minori: Well, I've made dango with my family before, but we never really did much more than that...
Airi: Oh, I see.
Airi: We usually just bought a bunch of traditional sweets and made an event out of it, so that was usually pretty fun.
Airi: After I started learning how to cook, my dad, big sister and I began making dango from scratch.
Minori: Oh, that's so cool!
Shizuku: You really are an incredible cook, Airi.
Airi: Hehe. If you want any help with dango dishes, just ask me!
Haruka: I'm sure you'll get that chance to show us your skills.
Shizuku: Yes, they're going to be invaluable!
MEIKO: Do either of you have any nice moon viewing memories, Haruka, Shizuku?
Haruka: I'm in the same boat as Minori, so I can't say that I do.
Haruka: However, I've sort of celebrated through some segments of TV programs and events where I interacted with my fans.
Minori: Oh, I remember watching those!!
Haruka: Hehe. Thanks, Minori.
Haruka: But in terms of normal moon viewings, I didn't do much other than trying to see the rabbit on the moon when I was little...
Shizuku: Oh, Shii and I also used to do that when we were little!
Shizuku: I even remember Shii trying to stretch up as high as she could to feed some dango to the rabbit on the moon.
Shizuku: She even kept wondering if they were eating dango like we were during our moon viewing parties, so she seems to value them quite a lot...
Minori: Haha. That's so cute of her!
Shizuku: Yes, she really is! I wish I could just show you...!
Airi: Okay, okay, maybe later.
Haruka: But what about you, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Me? Well...
Shizuku: One time, during this moon viewing party we had during kindergarten, I made rabbit-shaped dango with Shii.
Minori: Rabbit-shaped dango? That sounds adorable!
Shizuku: Yes, they turned out very well. Shii was actually the one who showed me how to make them.
Airi: She showed you?
Shizuku: Yes, we started out in different groups, but we ended up making them together...
Shizuku: Unfortunately, some of the other children kept telling her that she should follow the teachers' instructions.
Airi: Yeah, it's pretty natural to believe everything grown-ups say when you're little, but your sister's so creative!
Shizuku: She really is. Which is why I wanted her to make her dango just the way she likes.
Shizuku: Sadly, she ended up all alone and I drifted back towards her without even thinking about it.
Shizuku: That was when I asked her if we could make them together.
MEIKO: Hehe. That's so adorable♪
Minori: Yeah, it really is! You can even tell how Shiho's personality hasn't changed since she was little!
Shizuku: Yes, she's still a bit of a lone wolf, but she's always been a very strong individual.
Shizuku: (But...)
Airi: Shizuku?
Shizuku: Oh, uh... It's nothing.
Shizuku: Anyway, thank you all so much! It was so nice to hear about all of your wonderful memories♪
Minori: Yeah, this was so much fun!
MEIKO: It might even be nice to talk about these experiences for one of your streams♪
Minori: Oh, you're right...! It's not every day that you get to hear about what an idol was like when they were little...!
Minori: I wanna hear more and more about what you were like, Haruka!
Airi: Can't you just ask her yourself?
Shizuku: But I see what you mean... It doesn't have to be just us either. We can ask our fans about their childhoods too.
Haruka: Oh, that's a good idea. We can make an event out of it through the comments sections.
Airi: Yeah, we've pretty much got this one in the bag!
Shizuku: Yes, and thanks to all of you, I have a feeling that it'll go over very well with everyone...!
Shizuku: (It's unfortunate that I won't get to do a moon viewing with Shii...)
Shizuku: (But our childhood memories may just come in handy for this stream.)
Shizuku: (I have to keep doing everything I can for our viewers on the other side of the camera...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

[After the Moon Viewing Party]

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: And, there we go... My room's all cleaned up.
Shizuku: (Thankfully the others helped me out a little before they left, so there wasn't much left to do.)
Shizuku: Now, let's see how Shiho's doing...
Shiho: Shizuku, I'm done with the dishes. Need any help here?
Shizuku: Oh, Shii! I actually just finished cleaning.
Shiho: Okay.
Shizuku: Hehe. Everyone being kind enough to help us out really sped things up.
Shizuku: Oh, that reminds me. I was thinking about putting on a kettle now that my room's nice and clean.
Shizuku: Would you like to join me for some tea, Shii?
Shizuku: (Normally, she'll say she needs to practice on her bass and go back to her room...)
Shiho: Sure, that sounds nice...
Shizuku: ... What...?!
Shizuku: R-Really, Shii?!
Shiho: Wait, huh? What's wrong? Why are you so surprised?
Shizuku: I-I'm sorry. I didn't expect you to say yes is all...!
Shizuku: I'll go boil some water now! No, I should lay out some floor cushions first...!
Shiho: You just put them away. You're really gonna take them back out now?
Shizuku: Oh, right. Okay, please wait while I get the tea ready! I'll be right back!
Shiho: There's really no need to hurry...
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Thank you for waiting, Shii! I'm back with the tea. It's very hot so please be careful.
Shiho: Okay, thanks.
Shizuku: Hehe...
Shizuku: Today's party was so much fun. Making and having dango together, viewing the moon...
Shiho: Yeah. And Momoi's such a great cook. The dango dishes she made were so good.
Shizuku: Hehe. Her recipes never do disappoint.
Shiho: But I feel like there was a lot more sauce used for the dango during our party than during your stream.
Shizuku: Oh, about that! We had everything ready, but ran out of time...
Shizuku: Hold on, did you just say...?
Shizuku: Does that mean you watched our stream, Shii?!
Shiho: Shizuku, keep it down. The neighbors might hear us.
Shizuku: O-Oh, right, I'm sorry...
Shiho: I hadn't actually seen one yet, so it seemed like a good opportunity...
Shizuku: Shii...
Shiho: But who mixes up a dango recipe with an ohagi one? You're lucky Kiritani and Momoi were there to save you.
Shiho: Even when you were making rabbit masks, every comment was directed towards a certain someone because of how funny their mask looked.
Shizuku: Y-You saw that too...?
Shiho: And you talked about me...
Shizuku: Huh? Oh...!
Shizuku: I-I'm so sorry! Some of our viewers wanted to hear one of us tell a moon viewing story, so...!
Shizuku: A-Are you mad...?
Shiho: No, just a little embarrassed. I'd prefer it if you didn't talk about stuff like that.
Shiho: But at the same time, I was kind of happy.
Shizuku: Huh...?
Shiho: When we were little, including during the moon viewing party in kindergarten, you always looked out for me.
Shiho: I didn't realize it back then, but it seems like you were always there for me back then.
Shiho: So...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Shizuku: A long time ago, when I was going through a bit of a tough time, Shii encouraged me by just being the hard-working girl that she is.
Shizuku: She gave me the courage to stand back up and try again.
Shizuku: That's why I'd like it if she would tell me when something's wrong or if she needs my help.
Shizuku: She's given me so much already, so I want to give back to her somehow.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shiho: I never knew that you felt that way about me, so I'm glad I know now...
Shizuku: Shii...
Shizuku: (She hardly ever says anything like this...)
Shiho: Shizuku...?
Shizuku: Shii, I...!
Shiho: Wah...! Don't throw yourself at me like that.
Shizuku: I'm sorry, but...
Shizuku: I'm just so happy that I have a wonderful sister like you in my life, Shii.
Shiho: What...?
Shizuku: Knowing that, I can't help but hug you.
Shiho: Oh, Shizuku...
Shiho: Anyway, I think I'll go take a bath now.
Shizuku: Oh, why don't we take one...
Shiho: Stop right there.
Shizuku: Oh, okay. But what if we slept...
Shiho: No.
Shizuku: But...
Shizuku: (To be fair, this is the most time we've spent together in quite some time...)
Shizuku: We can take a bath and sleep in the same bed some other time.
Shiho: Nope. Neither are happening.
Shiho: So, good night.
Shizuku: Okay. Good night, Shii.
(Black cut)
