323_Shizuku Hinomori_R2 A Night Date At PXL (event_41)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[Stage SEKAI]

Haruka: This seems like a good place to stop, so why don't we call it a day?
Miku (MMJ): Great work today, everyone♪
Shizuku: I agree. Very nice work. Anyway, I need to head off right away today.
Airi: Hm? Got somewhere to go?
Shizuku: Yes, my mother asked me to do something for her... It has to do with this...
Minori: Hey, it's a ticket for a drawing at the mall!
Airi: Oh, that's right. I remember seeing that recently. You can win a TV and a trip to some hot springs, right?
Luka: A drawing...?
Haruka: But this ticket says this is the last day to use it.
Shizuku: I know, but my mother's busy with work and asked me to go in her place.
Airi: Can you make it there on your own?
Shizuku: I'll be fine, Airi. I've gone to the mall plenty of times before.
Airi: Sure, but that doesn't mean you know where you're supposed to turn this ticket in, right?
Shizuku: Oh, that's true...
Airi: I was planning to stay and practice a little more, but maybe I should go with you instead...
Shizuku: No, I couldn't ask you to do that. It's just a drawing so...
Luka: Then, why don't I go with you♪
Shizuku: L-Luka? You will...?
Luka: Yes♪ If I go, Airi can stay and practice, no? Not only that, we'd be reducing the likelihood of you getting lost.
Airi: She's right. I'd feel much better if she went with you!
Shizuku: Okay! Thank you for volunteering like this, Luka.
Minori: I hope you win something, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you. Wish me luck!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Drawing Area]

Luka: <Hehe. I'm glad we found this place without much issue♪>
Shizuku: Me too. I really appreciate it, Luka. I had no trouble finding my way through the mall.
Shizuku: Thank you so much!
Luka: <You're very welcome♪ Truth be told, I was curious about what this “drawing” would be like.>
(Black cut)
Luka: <Let's see...>
Shop Clerk: White means a consolation prize.
Shizuku: Hehe. They spin the little dispenser each time and the color of the ball that comes out determines what you get.
Shizuku: Oh, but it looks like the first prize, the hot springs package, and the second prize, the big TV, have already been claimed.
Luka: <Yes, I noticed that too. Apparently, a gold one meant first prize. It would've been nice to see what that actually looked like.>
Luka: <But third prize is still there... Oh, it's a pair of tickets to an amusement park♪>
Shizuku: Let's see... It says you can choose from a list of amusement parks too.
Shizuku: Oh, it even includes Phoenix Wonderland.
Shizuku: But winning such a wonderful prize won't be easy. The consolation prize is a box of tissues, which also would be nice since it's starting to get chilly.
Shop Clerk: Next person, please!
Luka: <Oh, it's our turn. I'll be waiting in your pocket, so good luck, Shizuku♪>
Shizuku: Thank you!
Shop Clerk: Okay, two tickets. Let's start with your first one!
Shizuku: Tissues are... A white ball... Please, white...
Luka: <Oh, it's a white one. Congratulations, Shizuku!>
Shop Clerk: We're down to the last few drawings, so your odds of winning something nice should be a little higher. It's okay to think big here.
Shizuku: Yes, I see... It certainly didn't sound like there were many balls left in the dispenser.
Shizuku: Fourth prize is a microwave, so that may be nice. My mother has been talking about buying a new one.
Luka: <That means you're looking for a yellow one! I believe in you, Shizuku♪>
Shop Clerk: If you spin it in reverse, it'll help mix everything inside better so feel free to spin it as much as you like.
Shizuku: Okay, I'll try doing that.
Shizuku: Luka, would you mind telling me when to stop?
Luka: <Oh, are you sure? In that case...>
Luka: <S-Stop...!>
Shizuku: Thank you, Luka! Okay, here we go...!
Shizuku: Oh, that's not yellow...
Luka: <Yes, it's blue.>
Shop Clerk: Third prize! Congratulations!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Shizuku: Hehe. I never would've imagined that I'd win those amusement park tickets. It must be because you told me when to stop spinning, Luka.
Luka: <If that's the case, you're very welcome♪>
Shizuku: Oh, also.
Shizuku: I just let my mother know that we had won these tickets, and she said I could use them however I like.
Luka: <Oh, that's wonderful♪ Where would you like to go?>
Shizuku: I'm leaning towards Phoenix Wonderland.
Shizuku: Minori and Haruka mentioned that they'd be going as well, so I think I'll invite Airi to come with me...
Shizuku: Would you and the others like to come along as well?
Luka: <U-Us?>
Shizuku: Yes! After all, you're very likely the reason why we won these tickets today, Luka.
Luka: <Oh... Thank you, Shizuku!>
Luka: <MEIKO and Len seemed interested in seeing the night show, so I'm sure they'll want to go as well♪>
Luka: <I'll be sure to ask them when I get back to SEKAI♪>
Shizuku: Thank you!
Shizuku: And thank you so much for joining me today!
Luka: <Hehe. You're very welcome♪>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Shizuku: Wasn't the night show just absolutely incredible, Airi?
Airi: Yeah, it totally was! I don't think I'll ever forget what I saw today.
Luka: <I feel the same way. It was also wonderful how they included all the rides and guests to be a part of the show♪>
Miku (MMJ): <It really was! I love the way they made use of those bracelets too.>
Len: <Yeah. We do cheers and stuff together with the audience during shows, but I never would've come up with this kind of idea.>
Rin: <Hehe. We might not be able to copy them, but it might be fun to try out something like that♪>
MEIKO: <Oh, I'd like that too♪ Let's try coming up with some ideas when we get back!>
Luka: <Thank you very much for inviting us out today, Shizuku, Airi.>
Shizuku: No, it was our pleasure. We had fun too.
Airi: Yeah, it's not every day that you get to go to an amusement park as such a big party!
Miku (MMJ): <Alright, we should probably head back!>
MEIKO: <See you in SEKAI!>
Len: <Stay safe, you two. And thanks for today.>
Shizuku: Hehe. You're welcome.
Rin: <Yeah, thank you so much for inviting us!>
Luka: <Bye bye♪>
Shizuku: (I'm so glad everyone had fun today.)
Shizuku: (It would've been nice to hang out a little more, but I can't stay out too late...)
Shizuku: I should probably head home soon too, Airi.
Airi: Don't you want to stay just a little bit longer? The lines for some rides are pretty much gone now.
Shizuku: A-Are you sure...?!
Airi: Hehe. I mean, it's written all over your face.
Shizuku: Oh... Airi...!
Airi: Alright, anything you want to go on?
Shizuku: How about the roller coaster we went on during the day? It'd be nice to go on it again since it's all lit up now.
Airi: Alright, roller coaster it is! Let's go!
Shizuku: Yes, let's!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Hehe. That was so much fun.
Airi: Yeah, seeing the entire park lit up the way it is when we reached the top was something else too...
Airi: And it's after we got to see the night show, so it feels just that much more meaningful!
Shizuku: I agree. It was such a lovely story.
Shizuku: Oh...?
Shizuku: Airi, look! It's Poochie!
Airi: Oh, that's right. Poochie's one of this park's mascots.
Shizuku: He is?! Oh, why don't we go take a picture with him?
Airi: Yeah, let's go ask!
Shizuku: Okay!
Shizuku: Poochie, can we take a picture with you?
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Thank you for doing this, Poochie!
Airi: Hehe. It's really hard not to like him, you know? I mean, the way his eyes droop is so cute.
Shizuku: ...
Airi: What is it? Are you that happy about getting to take a picture with Poochie?
Shizuku: Of course♪ It really is a wonderful photo of us.
Shizuku: Along with so many other memories. I couldn't be happier.
Shizuku: The album of all the things we've done just keeps growing too. Look...
Airi: Oh, this is from that picnic.
Shizuku: Yes, the day I became friends with Mizuki and Ena.
Airi: That's right. It would've been a great experience too if only we hadn't fallen down that ledge...
Airi: Oh, there's also the Summer Festival!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm not sure I'll ever forget that ring-tossing competition we had with Ena.
Airi: Yeah, I remember that, and how I hooked a ring onto my neighbor's target.
Shizuku & Airi: Hehehe.
Airi: And this is gonna be another day to remember.
Airi: We got to relax, enjoy ourselves and see something that should help us come up with ideas for our own shows! 
Shizuku: Hehe. I agree completely.
Shizuku: What do you think Haruka and her friends are doing right now?
Airi: Probably having as much fun as they can, right? I mean, they all seemed pretty close.
Airi: Maybe more fun than us. They could be running around somewhere in Phenny hats right now!
Shizuku: Oh, Phenny hats! That's a wonderful idea♪ I think I'll buy a pair for Shii and myself as a little souvenir to remember today by.
Airi: Yeah, I'm pretty sure I just saw a gift shop nearby, so let's go pick some up!
Shizuku: Okay...!
(Black cut)
