329_Shizuku Hinomori_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I was so happy and blushing with joy♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy  - Rooftop]

Haruka: Okay, that should be everything we need to do for today's stream...
Minori & Airi: Yeah! Great!
Shizuku: Thank you for doing all this, everyone. I really appreciate it.
Airi: Don't say that.
Airi: It's your birthday, right? Of course, we're gonna do everything we can for it.
Minori: Yeah! I'm sure your fans can't wait to celebrate your birthday, Shizuku.
Airi: Oh, speaking of fans... You may want to head back to class a little early, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 2-D]

Student Fan: I hope Shizuku gets here soon...
Younger Fan: Wow... I never dreamed of being able to give her a present in person like this...!
Haruka: Ah, I see... So this is what you meant, Airi...
Airi: Yup. Shizuku wasn't at school much last year because of work, so everybody sent her presents and stuff through her agency...
Minori: But now she's here! I can see why they'd want to hand her a present in person!
Shizuku: But so many...
Shizuku: (Still, I'd like to show them my appreciation since I have an opportunity to do it in person...)
Shizuku: Okay, I'll go.
Minori: Sh-Shizuku?! Won't you cause a panic by barging in like that?!
Airi: Oh, she should be fine.
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Good morning, everyone.
Student Fan: Sh-Shizuku...! No, you're glowing too brightly!
Younger Fan: *Sigh* As beautiful as ever...
(Black cut)
Minori: Oh, they're worshipping her like some sort of goddess and are too scared to go near her...
Airi: Exactly. Pretty much all of Shizuku's fans are like this...
(Black cut)
Student Fan: Shizuku...! U-Uhh... H-Here's your birthday present...
Younger Fan: I... I brought one too!
Student Fan: Me too! Please, if you will!
Shizuku: Thank you very much! I don't know what to say♪
Shizuku: How about we do this? Would you all mind forming a line so that I can talk to all of you one at a time?
Student Fan: Wh-What...?! O-One at a time...?!
Younger Fan: I get to talk with Shizuku...?! Yes, I'll line up immediately...!
(Black cut)
Minori: Wow, look at that! They formed a pair of lines so quickly!
Airi: Not only that, they're being careful not to block the doorway.
Minori: Whoa! They're making sure not to cause anyone else any trouble! That's so considerate of them!
Haruka: Hehe. That's Shizuku for you. She should be just fine on her own now.
Airi: Yeah, and we'll be there if anything does come up.
Minori: Have fun, Shizuku!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Thank you! I will!
(Black cut)
Airi: Hey, Shizuku. Looks like that's it for everyone that initially lined up.
Shizuku: Yes, it seems that way.
Shizuku: (I'm so glad I was able to do this.)
Shizuku: (Also...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Student Fan: I was so moved by what you said when MORE MORE JUMP! started doing streams, Shizuku!
Student Fan: I didn't realize just how hard you had to work to give us the best performances possible...!
Younger Fan: You said, “I may not be perfect,” then, but you're still the best, Shizuku!
Younger Fan: That show you did for those elementary school students was so incredible too!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: (What I said, our performances... It's all reaching them...)
Shizuku: (Thank goodness...)
???: Shizuku!
Shizuku: Oh, Saki, Ichika, Honami!
Honami: Happy birthday, Shizuku!
Saki: Good morning! We heard that you were accepting presents, so we decided to stop by♪
Ichika: We tried to get Shiho to join us, but she said that it'd be too embarrassing to celebrate at school and wants to wait until you're both back home.
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you for trying. Shii actually already wished me a happy birthday this morning when we were at home.
Shizuku: My family's also planning on having some cake together later tonight.
Honami: Hehe. That sounds like a lovely evening. I'm sure it'll be a wonderful celebration.
Shizuku: Yes, I sure hope so! My heart's already racing out of sheer excitement!
(Black cut)
Airi: I'm glad you got a chance to celebrate with everyone like this.
Shizuku: Me too. I even got some little-birdie goods from some of them.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Honami: This present is meant to show my appreciation for everything you've done for me, Shizuku.
Saki: Hehe. I really hope you get a chance to use this!
Ichika: Um, the little birdie I brought is more of an ornamental item, but I hope you like it...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: I should be showing my appreciation for them.
Airi: Especially since they're so close with your little sister.
Shizuku: Yes, exactly.
Shizuku: (They all decided to chase after the same dream and join Shii in trying to become professional musicians...)
Shizuku: (And I can relate with what they're likely going through since we as a group are chasing after a similar dream.)
Shizuku: (Knowing that her friends are there trying with her must be such a happy feeling for Shii.)
Shizuku: I can't thank them enough.
Airi: You can thank each of them when their respective birthdays roll around, you know?
Shizuku: Yes, you're right.
Shizuku: Oh, I should put all my presents in my desk and organize them somehow before homeroom starts...
Airi: Right. You don't have much time, so I'll lend you a hand.
Shizuku: Thank you, Airi! I'll...
Mafuyu: Hinomori.
Shizuku: Oh! Good morning, Asahina!
Mafuyu: Good morning, and happy birthday. I noticed the line in front of your class just now, but didn't have anything ready...
Shizuku: It's okay, really. Your thoughts are more than enough, so thank you.
Mafuyu: Really? Okay.
Mafuyu: Still, I was pretty startled by what just happened. That line went all the way down to the end of the corridor.
Shizuku: Yes, I really wasn't expecting that either. So many students all in one place.
Mafuyu: You weren't expecting them? Oh, but...
Mafuyu: Based on how hard you work day in and day out, I wasn't surprised at all to see so many people visiting to wish you a happy birthday.
Shizuku: Asahina...
Shizuku: I see. In that case, I couldn't be happier.
Shizuku: (That means we're really spreading and inspiring hope in everyone, together.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Lunch Break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Alright, let's start the stream! Five, four, three...
Haruka: Ready...?
Minori & Haruka: It's the MORE MORE JUMP! Birthday livestream♪
Comment: <Here we go!!!!> <Happy birthday, Shizuku!> <Happy B-Day, Shizuku!>
Shizuku: Thank you very much for your kind words, everyone!
Shizuku: We've been through a lot together since we started doing these streams, haven't we?
Shizuku: I'm no longer the perfect Shizuku Hinomori I used to be, and I know that I've disappointed some of you by trying to just be myself...
Shizuku: But between the show we did with Nanamin, singing for all of you for the first time and helping with the graduation ceremony for that elementary school...
Shizuku: Each day has been absolutely wonderful.
Shizuku: And my hope is that we can keep enjoying these amazing experiences together.
Comment: <Yeah, that's why I'm here!> <MMJ for life!> <This goes way beyond amazing!>
Minori: Whoa! Look at all the comments!
Airi: Yeah, everything from, “Your streams are always so fun,” to, “Getting to know more about everyone is so cool!”
Haruka: Oh, look at this one... “I love the way you smile, Shizuku!” Also, “She's a little clumsy, but way too cute at the same time.”
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you all so much. I couldn't be happier.
Shizuku: If you'll allow me, I'd like to read some of your comments.
Comment: “What?! Really?!” “How many?! All of them?!”
Shizuku: Hehe. My goal is to interact and celebrate with all of you as much as I can today.
Shizuku: So I'll be reading through more comments than usual.
Minori: Comment as much as you like, everyone!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: Phew...
Shizuku: (Today was so much fun. Our stream went well, and I was able to celebrate with everybody in SEKAI.)
Shizuku: (Oh, that reminds me. There were some messages on my phone that I haven't gotten around to yet.)
Shizuku: Oh, another one... Two...? They're from Ena and Mizuki!
Ena: <Happy birthday, Shizuku! Mizuki and were just talking, and wondering if things have settled down now.>
Ena: <Mizuki's probably gonna send you something in a second, and we have some presents ready for you!>
Ena: <We'd like to give them to you the next time we have a chance, so let us know when you're free to hang out.>
Shizuku: They've prepared presents for me too? And speaking of Mizuki...
Mizuki: <Hey, Shizuku! Great stream today!>
Mizuki: <Ena and I were watching while on voice chat♪>
Mizuki: <And thank you so much for reading our comments! That was so cool! Oh, but you probably didn't realize that it was us.>
Mizuki: <Ena was so determined to get you to read one of her comments too. You should've seen how furiously she was typing!>
Mizuki: <She wrote, “Way to go, Airi!” ...which Airi read and made her really happy♪>
Shizuku: Hehe. I see. I'll make sure to rewatch it later.
Shizuku: First, I'll reply to Ena...
???: Shizuku, dinner's ready.
Shizuku: Oh, I'll be right there. I just need to reply to some messages first...
Shiho: ...
Shizuku: Shii? You can go on ahead without me.
Shiho: Yeah, I know... But there's something I'd like to give you first.
Shiho: Here.
Shizuku: I-Is this...? My birthday present?
Shiho: What else would it be?
Shizuku: ...!
Shiho: H-Hey, you should wait until...
Shizuku: Oh, this is so cute! A pass case in the shape of a sparrow! I was just thinking about getting a new one too!
Shizuku: Thank you, Shii! But how did you know?
Shiho: You mentioned it during dinner the other day, remember? The one you have right now is starting to come apart, right...?
Shiho: And how the illustration you like so much won't hold together at this rate or something...?
Shiho: So wouldn't it make sense to replace it while it's still intact...?
Shizuku: Sh-Shii...!
Shiho: Wah...!!
Shizuku: You remembered just for me?! I... I don't know what to say!
Shizuku: This case even has two little sparrows on it, and they look so cute together...
Shizuku: Oh, I know! These must be sisters!
Shiho: Not really sure about that, but I thought you'd like it if there was more than one on it...
Shizuku: Th-That's so thoughtful of you...!
Shizuku: I love you so much, Shii...!
Shiho: O-Okay, I get it! So please...!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000027/bg_s000027.png)
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Hinomori. I know that being an idol can't be easy, but you're always welcome at the archery club. We're always happy to have you.
Ena: Happy birthday, Shizuku! I know we really just met, but thank you for everything you've done. I hope you, Airi and I can keep getting to know each other better.
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Shizuku♪ It's so great to have a sewing buddy like you! Let's hit up the sewing lounge together again sometime♪
Ichika: Shiho told me that you're already using the hot-water bottle I gave you. I'm glad you like it so much.
Saki: I saw your picture! That hooded towel I got you? The one that looks like a bird? I'm glad it looks so good on you♪
Honami: About the canary wallet that I gave you... You can put coins into it by opening its beak, so it looks like you're feeding it.
Minori: Happy birthday, Shizuku! I have so much respect for the way you work so hard to perfect everything! I promise to do my best too!
Haruka: Happy birthday, Shizuku. I really appreciate how you're always so thoughtful. I hope we get another chance to hang out together the next time we're free.
Airi: I'm usually too shy to say this, but you really are the best idol in my book... Let's keep trying our best and stand proud as idols!
Shiho: Happy birthday, Shizuku. I don't mind talking while we're at school, but a little less physical contact would be nice...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: Thank you for celebrating my birthday like this, everyone.
Shizuku: All these kind words... I couldn't be happier...!
Shizuku: I was so happy and blushing with joy♪
Shizuku: Oh, that didn't sound quite right? Did I mean, “Bursting with joy”...?
Shizuku: But I'm not sure what else to say in this situation... Hehe. Let's just leave it there for now.
Shizuku: More importantly, I'm just glad you understand how I feel.
Shizuku: And I promise to keep doing everything I can to spread and inspire hope in others as a member of MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: I'll be looking forward to your support!
(White cut)
