332_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Have A Homemade Rice Ball♪ (event_43)

Gacha phrase: Here's an onigiri for all your hard work.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: There, finished... The first of many monogrammed handkerchiefs.
Shizuku: (Hehe. Embroidering's so much fun.)
Shizuku: (And this really means something since we're giving these to the staff for helping us with our event.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Haruka: Presents for the staff?
Shizuku: Yes, because they're not just staff. They're also our fans, right?
Shizuku: A part of them may still want to enjoy the event as members of the audience.
Shizuku: But they raised their hands to help us instead, so I want to give back to them somehow.
Airi: Yeah, that's a great idea! Do you already know what you want to give them?
Shizuku: Yes, handkerchiefs. I was thinking about monogramming them with their initials along with a little clover.
Minori: E-Embroidered personally by you, Shizuku?! Oh, they're absolutely gonna love that!
Airi: There aren't that many of them, but are you sure you're gonna have enough time...?
Shizuku: I will. I should be able to work on them at school during breaks.
Airi: Alright, you seem set. We should do something too while we're at it!
Haruka: Yeah, I was about to suggest the same thing.
Minori: Oh, me too! Hehe. What should we get them?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (Hehe. I have a feeling that Airi and the others are coming up with ideas for presents right now.)
Shizuku: Oh, that reminds me... I was planning to ask about our food situation alongside my present idea.
Shizuku: I'll make sure to ask them tomorrow so we can discuss what to do.
Shizuku: Everyone's going to be incredibly busy, and hungry too, so it might be nice to bring something we can eat on the go...
Shizuku: Come to think of it, all the Cheerful * Days events were fully catered...
Shizuku: But eating food that's been ordered out or prepared elsewhere won't carry the same meaning...
Shizuku: I know we can't make that much for them, but I'd like it if we could make something that can also be an expression of our gratitude...
Shizuku: Hmm... Something simple that symbolizes our appreciation for them...
Shizuku: Oh, that's it...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Shizuku: Good morning, everyone...!
Haruka: Huh? Oh, Shizuku, good morning.
Airi: You seem awfully happy today. What's going on?
Shizuku: Well, I had this wonderful idea yesterday...
Shizuku: And I'd like to talk to all of you about rice balls!
Minori: R-Rice balls...?
Shizuku: Yes! O-Oh no...!
Shizuku: I-I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to start with that part...!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Ah, as a little gift...
Airi: So you want to make some rice balls for them as a little pick-me-up for when they get hungry?
Minori: That's an amazing idea!
Minori: I mean... G-Getting a rice ball from Haruka that she made herself...! I wouldn't know what to do with myself...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Haruka: Thank you for everything, Minori. Here's a rice ball made personally by me.
Haruka: I thought only about you while making this in the hopes that you'd eat it.
Haruka: It even has salmon in it since I heard it's your favorite. Won't you try some?
Haruka: Here, open wide.
Minori: W-W-Wait...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Minori: Whew...
Haruka: Minori?!
Airi: Her delusion might've short-circuited her.
Shizuku: Hehe. She's this happy about it, so it might just be worth a try, no?
Airi: Yeah, it's not like we need a stove or anything, so the four of us should be able to make more than enough for the whole staff.
Haruka: It'll be a nice motivational boost for them too, and help them get ready for the show.
Minori: Such a big boost that some might even collapse from sheer happiness...
Minori: Oh, what ingredients should we use?
Haruka: We have quite a few options to choose from... Salmon, bonito and plums come to mind.
Shizuku: Yes, those all sound delicious♪
Airi: Delicious? But we're not the ones...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: Thank you for gathering here today, everyone. Shall we start making some rice balls?
Minori: Yeah!
Airi: I really wasn't expecting us to set aside time to practice making rice balls like this.
Haruka: Hehe. Truth be told, the rest of us aren't as good at cooking as you are, Airi, so I'm glad we're doing this.
Minori: Airi! Haruka! We have everything from salmon, bonito, plums to tuna salad!
Airi: Okay, we got it. Anyway, let's just start by making one of each, and I'll also check to see how you guys do.
Minori & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Okay... Make a nice triangle and... There! Airi, I'm done!
Airi: Hey, that looks great! But I think you compressed it a little too much. Try to relax more so that it comes out lighter and fluffier.
Haruka: Hmm... That might be easier said than done.
Haruka: I can't quite get my triangle to maintain its shape when I try to fluff it up...
Minori: Me too. It starts to fall apart whenever I try to use a lighter grip.
Airi: Lemme see... Haruka, you should be fine as long as you keep an eye on how you're holding yours.
Airi: As for you, Minori... I'm guessing that you're putting too many things into your rice ball, so you should probably cut back there.
Minori: Oh, right. Haha...
Shizuku: Airi, would you mind showing us an example?
Airi: An example? Sure, but it's probably not gonna look as pretty as you're expecting...
Airi: First, don't force it into becoming a triangle. That'll just make you tense up.
Airi: As long as it looks vaguely like a little mountain of rice on your hands, then it'll start taking shape on its own.
Airi: But that's why your grip is so important too. Remember, light and fluffy! If you hold it too tightly, you'll crush it by squeezing all the air out of it.
Airi: So try to be gentle. Hold it like this without letting the air out... One, two, three and...
Airi: There we go! Done!
Minori: Whoa! That was so fast! It looks really pretty too!
Airi: If you can't get it in three turns, try to work in sets of three. That way, you should be able to get roughly the same result every time.
Haruka: I see.
Shizuku: That's so interesting. I've never put so much thought into making rice balls before.
(Black cut)
Airi: You all seem to be doing great now! We should be able to give what you make to our fans now.
Minori: Yay!
Minori: Oh...
Shizuku: Hehe. We were so focused on making these that we forgot to have something to eat. Shall we have a taste of what we've made?
Shizuku: Airi, please try these! The one on the right has salmon in it, the middle has bonito and the left is plum flavored.
Airi: Okay, okay, I will. But I can't eat them all, you know?
Minori: U-Um... Haruka, here...! Could you try some of the rice balls I made?!
Haruka: Sure, thanks. Would you like to try mine, Minori?
Minori: Y-Yes...! Thank you!
Minori: A... A salmon rice ball made by Haruka herself...
Minori: To the farmer who made this rice...!
Minori: Because of your work, I'm able to have a rice ball made personally by Haruka! Thank you very much!!
Minori: Thank you. Thank you...!
Haruka: Oh, Minori...
Shizuku: I hope the staff gets as excited about these as Minori is right now.
Haruka: Hehe. I suspect that Minori's the only one who can get so worked up about something like this.
Airi: Yeah. I kind of want her to enjoy it the most, you know...?
Shizuku: Hehehe.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The day of]

[Shibuya Okuyama Building - Basement Hall]

Haruka: Looks like we're pretty much all set up. Thank goodness too. We should be able to start on time.
Airi: Yeah. All that's left is for us to do a final rundown and make sure we have something to eat!
Minori: Oh, that means...!
Shizuku: Yes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Waiting Room]

Shizuku: Thank you for all your hard work, everyone.
Shizuku: We actually prepared a little surprise for you today. Saito, if you would please.
Saito: Yes, of course!
Staff A: A surprise?! For us?! Yay!
Staff B: Oh, they're rice balls!
Shizuku: Hehe. We made them ourselves. Please be patient as we hand them out in order.
Staff A: M-Made by MMJ?!
Shizuku: Yes! The four of us practiced making them quite a lot, so I'm sure they turned out very well.
Shizuku: We have salmon, bonito, plum and several other flavors, so please choose any you like.
Staff B: W-We can really have these?! Are you sure?!
Shizuku: Yes, of course. Now, which one would you like?
Staff B: Th-Thank you! I'll take a plum one!!
Shizuku: Plum it is. Here you are.
Staff B: Thank you very much! Oh, there's something written on it...
Shizuku: Hehe. We all wrote a little message on each of them, so we hope you get a chance to read them.
Staff B: A homemade rice ball and a handwritten message?!
Staff B: Wh-What do I do...? I might collapse out of sheer joy if I eat this...
Staff B: I should preserve this on my shelf forever instead!!
Minori & Staff: I know, right...?!
Haruka & Airi: Be sure to eat them!
Shizuku: Hehehe.
(Black cut)
