372_Shizuku Hinomori_R2 Lady Valentine (event_48)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Scramble Crossing]

Minori: Isn't this the first time just the three of us went somewhere together like this?
Shizuku: I believe so. It usually really is all four of us when we go home or stop by a store.
Shizuku: (I was really hoping that Airi would join us but...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: I heard that the Japanese confectionary shop at the mall is selling these special sweets only for the next two days.
Airi: What?! Special sweets...?
Shizuku: Yes! How about we head over to try some together?
Airi: Sorry, I'm busy right after this too. You guys go have fun without me...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: It must be a very urgent or important matter if Airi's willing to pass up something she loves so much...
Haruka: I have to think so too. Still, maybe we should buy something for her if it can keep for a few days.
Minori: Oh, good idea! What do you think, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes, that's a wonderful idea. I was just thinking about getting something for my family as well.
Shizuku: (Oh no! I forgot to ask Shii what I should get her...)
Shizuku: Hm...?
Shizuku: Oh...! Minori, Haruka, you'll have to excuse me for a second!
Haruka: Huh? Sh-Shizuku...?
Shizuku: Shiii!
Shiho: Shizuku?!
Shizuku: And hello to you too, Ichika, Honami. Are you on your way home from band practice?
Honami: Yes, we all have work after this, so we were just about to go our separate ways.
Minori: Shizuku! Wait, Shiho?! And you two!
Haruka: You had us worried there for a second running off like that, but I guess it's because you saw Hinomori.
Ichika: Even so, she ran a fairly long way to catch up to us...
Minori: Y-Yeah, we were pretty far away. Also, I doubt I could ever sprint like that after practice.
Haruka: Only Shizuku has eyes good enough to spot her own sister from such a distance.
Shizuku: I have a feeling that I could find Shii wherever she is in this world.
Shiho: That's actually kinda scary...
Shiho: Anyway, why did you have to run over here?
Shizuku: Oh, I almost forgot!
Shizuku: We were just about to go to the Japanese confectionary shop at the mall.
Shizuku: Mom asked me to bring something back and I realized that I should get you something as well, Shii. So what would you like?
Shiho: You came all this way just to ask me that?
Shizuku: Yes! What would you like? There's quite a lot for you to choose from.
Shiho: Something simple's fine, like mochi with sweet soybean powder or ohagi...
Shizuku: Understood. Mochi with sweet soybean powder or ohagi!
Ichika: Also... Is Momoi not with you?
Minori: She said she has something to take care of and left a second ago.
Haruka: Hm? Speaking of which, where's Tenma?
Honami: She also said she's busy and left some time ago.
Ichika: It must've been important too considering how anxious she seemed during practice today.
Shizuku: Oh, I see.
Minori: Meeting you all here was enough of a surprise, but to think that we're both missing someone from our respective groups...
Shizuku: Oh, a situation just like the one we're in now came up during this suspense novel I've been reading lately...
Honami: A suspense novel? I never would've imagined...
Shizuku: Hehe. The protagonists are twin sisters who decided to become private investigators as part of their family's business.
Shizuku: They're both very cute and work very hard to solve each case, but do end up fighting from time to time.
Minori: That's so interesting! That means you two should try to solve “The Case of Airi and Saki's Important Business”, Shizuku, Shiho!
Shiho: I'm really not cut out to be a private eye.
Shiho: Also, Saki may've been acting a little strange today, but that doesn't give me license to go digging around her personal business.
Minori: Yeah, I guess you're right...
Shizuku: In that case, Shii, why don't we try and solve “The Case of What We Should Have for Dinner Tonight”?
Shizuku: I have a feeling I could solve it right away if we went with Salisbury steaks since they're your favorite♪
Haruka: Hehe. I remember trying to guess what was for dinner all the time when I was little.
Minori: Me too! Me too! I would always get it right on curry day too!
Shizuku: Yes, we used to do that too! You should've seen the way Shii smiled whenever she got it right. It was so adorable...!
Shiho: More importantly, what happened to stopping by that Japanese confectionary shop? You're making Minori and Kiritani wait the longer you do this.
Shiho: Also, I have to get to work soon.
Shizuku: Oh, where are my manners...? I should apologize to you two as well, Ichika, Honami.
Ichika: No, it was nice to talk like this since it's been a little while since we last did.
Honami: I feel the same way. Also, Shizuku, I'll see you again during our next Cleanup Committee meeting.
Shizuku: Yes, I'll see you then!
Shizuku: And please get home safe, Shii, okay?
Shiho: Okay, okay. I'll be going now if you don't mind.
Minori: See you at school!
Shizuku: I apologize for making you both wait like this, Minori, Haruka.
Haruka: It's okay. You don't need to apologize.
Minori: Yeah! I mean, that story about trying to guess what's for dinner was so cute.
Shizuku: Really? I'm glad you enjoyed that...
Shizuku: Anyway, let's head to that confectionary shop, shall we?
Minori: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Shizuku: One, two, three, four... And two, three, four...
Airi: Morning, Shizuku. Getting another early start?
Shizuku: Oh, Airi! Good morning!
Airi: Hm? Someone's in a good mood. Lemme guess, something good happened?
Shizuku: Yes! Yesterday...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (It's gotten pretty late, but today turned out to be such a fun Valentine's Day.)
Shizuku: (Airi's surprise in particular left us all speechless too. I couldn't believe how cute the marzipan dolls of us looked.)
Shizuku: (I'll have to try some of the gifts that Haruka and Minori gave me after dinner...)
Shizuku: Oh...? There's something on my desk.
Shizuku: Are these chocolates...? There's even a little card...
Shizuku: Let's see... “Happy Valentine's Day”... But I'm not seeing a name anywhere...
Shizuku: Wait, this handwriting...! It has to be...!
Shiho's Voice (Shiho): Shizuku, dinner's ready. Hurry up and get changed so...
Shizuku: Shiii!!
Shiho: Wah...! Wh-What's gotten into you?!
Shizuku: Th-These! They're from you, right, Shii?!
Shizuku: I mean, the way “Happy Valentine's Day” has been so carefully written and lined up so nicely just screamed you, Shii!
Shizuku: Even in English, I could tell that it was your handwriting!
Shiho: Okay, you got me. Will you please just try to settle down?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: And you're still over the moon about Shiho giving you chocolates.
Shizuku: Yes! Just thinking about it puts a smile on my face...!
Shizuku: But that's not all.
Shizuku: Your surprise made Valentine's Day yesterday such a fun occasion.
Shizuku: I was nearly driven to tears when I saw marzipan dolls of Miku and everyone else on top of your cake.
Airi: Hehe. I'm glad you like it. That means it was worth the effort.
Airi: Actually, I need to thank you as well..
Shizuku: What? Thank me?
Airi: Yeah. I mean, you knew about what we were doing, right?
Shizuku: (Oh...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (Is it me or does Saki's house smell really sweet for some reason...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: Not entirely.
Shizuku: I just happened to smell something sweet in the air, so I figured that you were all preparing for Valentine's Day.
Airi: Yeah, that means you knew.
Airi: In any case, pulling one over on Saki's brother and company was no easy task.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: We were just practicing a dance routine here!
Airi: Saki told me all about how she sometimes runs out of energy during band practice and wants to find a way to build her stamina.
Airi: Emu also seemed concerned about the way she's been dancing lately during your guys' shows.
Airi: And she wants to try something different since her goal's to put on a sweet and happy show next time.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: No, you had me completely convinced that time.
Shizuku: The reason I was able to guess what you were doing was actually because I saw the three of you shopping together at the mall.
Airi: Wait, what?!
Airi: Time out. Then why were you convinced by our little act that time?!
Shizuku: Why? Because you said that's what was going on, Airi.
Airi: You just took my word at face value...? Oh, Shizuku...
Airi: Anyway, thanks. You know, for not telling anyone else?
Shizuku: You're welcome. Again, thank you for giving us such a fun and wonderful Valentine's Day.
(Black cut)
