391_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Feels Like Magic (event_52)

Gacha phrase: Huh...? This is me...?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Shizuku: Miku, Rin, thank you both for helping me with this. You as well, KAITO.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. You're very welcome♪
KAITO: So, do you think you'll be able to design your outfit?
Shizuku: That's the thing...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: The other girls seem to know exactly how to express themselves, but I just don't know how to do that it seems.
Shizuku: For the sake of our fans... For the sake of MORE MORE JUMP! I want to come up with a good design...
(White cut)
Miku (MMJ): In your mind, what qualifies as a “good design”?
(White cut)
Shizuku: Something that lets everyone from MORE MORE JUMP! really shine on stage...
Shizuku: And ideally, something that can spread hope to all of our fans since they've been a massive source of support for us.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: I have a slightly better idea of what I want to design after speaking with all of you.
Shizuku: However...
Miku (MMJ): However...?
Shizuku: I'm still not sure what sort of message I want to convey through my outfit.
Shizuku: I'm not really sure how to describe it... But I can't seem to get a clear idea of what to do...
Rin: Yeah... I mean, this is your first time doing something like this, so it probably isn't gonna be easy.
Shizuku: I'm so sorry. After giving me such wonderful advice too...
Miku (MMJ): No, don't say that. I agree with Rin. This is no small task.
Miku (MMJ): The message you're trying to come up with is the most important part of your design, so you should take your time to find the answer you're looking for♪
Shizuku: Yes, you're right... Both of you, I really appreciate it.
KAITO: Oh, also...
KAITO: What if you took a step back to examine what kind of thoughts and feelings brought about the outfits you're currently using?
Shizuku: The ones we're currently using...?
Shizuku: Oh...!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Thank you for your patience. I've gone ahead and changed.
Rin: Oh, now I get it! Because their current outfits were born from their feelings!
KAITO: Exactly. I'm wondering if taking a look at those feelings in terms of these outfits can help you get a better image of what to do.
Shizuku: I see...
Miku (MMJ): Great idea, KAITO♪ This should make things much easier, right?
KAITO: Hehe. Alright, let's get started.
Rin: Okay! What stands out to me the most is... The clovers!
Shizuku: Yes, I agree. I can't help but think that these are so cute every time I put this outfit on in SEKAI.
KAITO: By the way, do you know why these clovers are on your outfit?
Shizuku: I'm not 100% on this... But I think I've discussed this before with Airi and the others.
Shizuku: That time, I remember Airi saying, “It's all about what clovers symbolize.”
KAITO: What clovers symbolize?
Shizuku: Yes. Three-leaf clovers represent “hope” and “promise”, as well as “love”.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: “To become idols who can spread hope to others.” “To promise never again to forget that feeling.”
Airi: Also, “To show our idol-loving fans just how much we care about them.”
Airi: That's what I think the three leaves on these clovers represent.
Minori: Whoa! That's so beautiful!
Haruka: Yes, it is. We'll need to work hard to achieve all of the things you just listed.
Shizuku: Yes, we will.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO: I see. That means these clovers clearly represent what you're all hoping to achieve as idols.
Rin: Yeah♪ It's perfect for you girls.
Shizuku: This must be what happens when one's feelings bring a design to life...
Shizuku: ...
Shizuku: Thank you all very much. I'm starting to get a much better idea of what to do now.
Rin: Really? That's great!
Shizuku: But I'll still need some time to think.
KAITO: Of course. I'm sure you'll think of a wonderful design, Shizuku.
Miku (MMJ): If you ever get stuck again, you're always welcome to stop in for another chat.
Shizuku: I will! Again, thank you all very much for speaking with me today.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: Good morning!
Shizuku: Good morning, Minori, Haruka.
Airi: Have you checked our stream from yesterday? More people than usual have been watching it since it was archived.
Minori: I saw! I couldn't believe it either! They must've really liked our little design competition.
Haruka: Definitely. I have a feeling it's also because everyone's hoping to see us put on another show.
Shizuku: I'm still surprised that we ended up going with my design.
Minori: Really?! But your design was so good! You even made individualized outfits for all of us!
Haruka: She's right. I'm really looking forward to seeing how those outfits turn out.
Airi: Speaking of which, Shizuku, you said that you want to get more input from our fans to make your design even more wonderful. Can you handle all that?
Shizuku: Yes. My goal is to keep refining what I already have while waiting for them to send us their thoughts.
Minori: Refine what you already have?
Shizuku: For instance, there are many different kinds of flowery lace that Airi chose for her design.
Shizuku: That's why I think it's going to be important to choose the best material, and the best accessories and see if it all fits together through trial and error.
Airi: I see. In that case, you should keep picking away at it until you're satisfied.
Haruka: I agree.
Minori: Me too!
Shizuku: Thank you all very much. I promise to do everything I can to make this design even more wonderful than it already was.
Airi: Good! And if you ever need a hand, feel free to let us know!
Haruka: Right. We have countless different fabrics, lace, buttons, accessories and other materials to choose from, so determining which is best won't be easy...
Shizuku: I appreciate your concern. But I should be okay when it comes to those things.
Shizuku: I know just the person to ask♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Sewing Lounge]

Mizuki: Hey, Shizuku! Sorry about the wait.
Shizuku: Hello, Mizuki. That's okay. Thank you so much for meeting me on such short notice.
Mizuki: It's my pleasure! This is you we're talking about. I'll be there for you in a heartbeat if you ask♪
Mizuki: Anyway, you want to talk about what materials to use for your stage outfits?
Shizuku: Yes. I'd like to take a look at as many options as I can and choose the ones that fit our needs best.
Shizuku: You mentioned before that you like doing collages, so I have a feeling you know quite a lot about these things.
Mizuki: Now I understand! That explains why you asked me to show you a bunch of fabrics and materials.
Mizuki: Like you said, there's a lot. So many that I'd really rather have you look at images of some of them to get a better idea...
Mizuki: But first... Here! I brought all the flowery lace stuff I could find at home!
Mizuki: They really come in all shapes and sizes. Fine doesn't even begin to describe how detailed some of these patterns are!
Shizuku: Oh, you're right...! I never knew that there were so many different patterns. This is incredible, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. We're just getting started.
Mizuki: Ta-daa! I brought some colored lace too♪
Shizuku: Oh, that's such a pretty color! This color... It seems so bright and cheerful.
Shizuku: But this one has a much crisper color to it. Oh, this other one's gradated.
Shizuku: Hehe. It's like you're a professional having all this lace in your possession.
Mizuki: Haha! Sometimes I really wonder if I could actually open my own store.
Mizuki: So, come one, come all! I've got lots of cute stuff on offer!
Shizuku & Mizuki: Hehe. Haha.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Shizuku: Thank you for meeting with me today, Mizuki. I have a feeling my design's going to improve so much now because of you.
Mizuki: You're very welcome! I'm just glad that I was able to help, Shizuku.
Mizuki: Still, I really love how you guys are turning your design into actual outfits with the help of your fans.
Shizuku: Yes, it'll be the first time many of them are anything like this.
Shizuku: But we were able to put on an event in real life because of them, so I'm sure our outfits will turn out well if we really work together.
Mizuki: Work together, huh? That's really nice. It's so MMJ!
Mizuki: And as another MMJ fan, I'm really happy that I got a chance to help you like this.
Shizuku: You are? I'm glad you feel that way.
Shizuku: I promise to make sure that our outfits turn into something truly wonderful.
Shizuku: I want to exceed our fans' expectations, including you, Mizuki!
Mizuki: Wah! Your smile's blinding!
Mizuki: Feel free to ask for any help if you ever need it! I want to give you all the support I can!
Shizuku: Thank you! Your help means so much!
(Black cut)
