426_Shizuku Hinomori_R2 Completion Report! (event_57)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Shizuku: Okay, see you tomorrow.
Airi: I'm glad Miku and the others liked our outfits so much.
Shizuku: Me too. It was nice to hear them say they were cute since our thoughts and feelings are essentially a part of them.
Shizuku: Oh, also... Would it be alright if I told Mizuki that our outfits are all done?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Mizuki: You want to talk about what materials to use for your stage outfits?
Shizuku: Yes. I'd like to take a look at as many options as I can and choose the ones that fit our needs best.
Shizuku: You mentioned before that you like doing collages, so I have a feeling you know quite a lot about these things.
(White cut)
Mizuki: Like you said, there's a lot. So many that I'd really rather have you look at images of some of them to get a better idea...
Mizuki: But first... Here! I brought all the flowery lace stuff I could find at home!
Mizuki: They really come in all shapes and sizes. Fine doesn't even begin to describe how detailed some of these patterns are!
(White cut)
Shizuku: Hehe. It's like you're a professional having all this lace in your possession.
Mizuki: Haha! Sometimes I really wonder if I could actually open my own store.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: I was able to get a clear idea of our outfits because Mizuki was nice enough to show me all these different materials and such.
Shizuku: That's why I'd like to give my thanks while presenting the finished product...
Airi: Yeah, sounds good!
Airi: It's been a while since I last saw Mizuki, so why don't we three meet up somewhere?
Shizuku: Really?!
Shizuku: Okay, I'll ask Mizuki to see when would be a good time♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Cafe]

Shizuku: Oh, Mizuki, welcome!
Mizuki: Hey, thanks for having me♪
Airi: This isn't your house, Shizuku. Also, Mizuki, you don't need to play along.
Mizuki: Haha! Sorry, I couldn't help it...
(Black cut)
Mizuki: So, your outfits are all done?
Shizuku: Yes. I wanted to show them to you since you were such a tremendous help.
Mizuki: Thanks! I've been wondering how they turned out, so it's kinda been on my mind for a while now♪
Airi: Hehe. Alright, why don't we do our big reveal? Here's a picture of our outfits.
Mizuki: Whoa...! Th-They look amazing! You guys are gonna look so awesome on stage!
Mizuki: I mean, look at the frills on the hem and how fluffy they made the skirt! It's gonna look so gorgeous as it floats each time you move...!
Mizuki: Hang on! And the accessories on the bust! How can anyone sew on decorations with this much detail?!
Mizuki: At minimum, these outfits count as being divine!
Shizuku: That's the thing! I couldn't believe it when I saw them for the first time either.
Airi: We'll need to thank everyone for putting so much thought into making them.
Mizuki: Yeah, definitely!
Mizuki: *Sigh* Your own feelings and your fans' love for their favorite idols are a huge part of these, huh, Shizuku?
Mizuki: This is so exciting! These are movingly good! I can't wait to see all of you wearing these!
Shizuku: Hehe. We can't wait to do a show while wearing these too.
Mizuki: Whoa! Does that mean your second real-life show's already in the works?
Airi: Yes. We've been thinking about taking this opportunity to sing a brand-new song.
Mizuki: A new song?!
Mizuki: Hold up. Does that mean...? A MORE MORE JUMP! original?
Airi: That's right. We even got a request from someone saying that they want to write one for us.
Shizuku: And we'll be meeting with them soon to discuss it.
Mizuki: Cool! I'm glad things are going so smoothly♪
Mizuki: And that's so great... You already found someone to write it for you.
Mizuki: (Hmm... Let's say Kanade knew how to compose music for idols. Would this have been our chance to collaborate with them?)
Mizuki: Anyway, I'm sure you have high expectations for this person you're meeting.
Mizuki: I really hope they're nice and able to create music that brings out all of your unique qualities to the forefront! That'd be the best!
Shizuku: Yes, I'd like that as well. I'm really looking forward to meeting them.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Shizuku: This is so exciting. I'm really looking forward to seeing Mai's show.
Minori: Me too! It's supposed to be a modern take on Rapunzel, right?
Airi: Yeah. I'm curious to see how they adapted the story!
Haruka: Same. We can spend some time going through the program once we get to the theater.
Shizuku: (They look like they're all having fun today.)
Shizuku: (I'm glad Haruka suggested that we take a little break.)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Minori: Huh? A break?
Haruka: Yes. We haven't taken one in a while because we've been dealing with quite a lot on top of having to work on our streams.
Haruka: That's why I was thinking that we could take a day off from practice to get in a refresher. What do you think?
Airi: Yeah, that sounds great! How about we all go somewhere together?
Haruka: Oh, actually... Mai's going to be in this show...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Haruka: Is something the matter, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Hehe. No, nothing.
Airi: Alright, we'll be right back!
Shizuku: Huh? Where are you two going?
Airi: Weren't you listening just now? The crepe shop just over that way.
Minori: Hehe. I thought it'd be good to grab a bite since I was just starting to get hungry!
Haruka: I can't have too much sugar right now, so I'll pass. How about you, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Well, I wouldn't want to ruin my appetite for dinner by having one now, so I'll have to pass as well.
Airi: Looks like it's just you and me, Minori. We'll be right back if you don't mind waiting.
Shizuku: Okay. Have fun, you two.
(Black cut)
Minori: They all look so yummy. Oh, I think I'll get the one with lots of strawberries and whipped cream!
Airi: In that case, I think I'll get something more chocolatey. Wanna share a bite once they're ready?
Minori: Yeah, I'd love to!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Hehe. Seeing them have so much fun like this makes me really glad that we decided to do this.
Haruka: In the end, we need to be in a cheerful mood if we want to spread hope to anyone.
Shizuku: Oh...
Shizuku: (So what happened with Hasegawa...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Haruka: There was a time when I felt so “scared” that my body refused to do what it was told.
(White cut)
Haruka: However... That's also sort of why I don't really know what to say to her right now.
Haruka: Even after receiving so much support from so many people...
Haruka: But even after hearing all those kind words and seeing so many people about it, my legs wouldn't stop shaking.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: (Of course she's worried... She went through what Hasegawa's dealing with right now...)
Shizuku: ...
Haruka: Is something the matter? You've been staring at me for a while now.
Shizuku: *Gasp* Uhh...
Shizuku: I was just thinking about how you have such wonderful facial features.
Haruka: Facial features...?
Shizuku: Y-Yes...! I saw this show on TV yesterday.
Shizuku: They said that people with eyes like yours, Haruka, are able to see things from an objective standpoint and calmly make decisions.
Shizuku: Which is why I believe you'll be able to find the best answer for even the most unanswerable questions.
Haruka: ...
Haruka: Thanks, Shizuku.
Haruka: You being so kind and thoughtful has always been a source of hope for me.
Shizuku: Oh...
Shizuku: (She saw right through me... She knows I'm worried about her...)
Shizuku: (But...)
Shizuku: I'm glad that what I said seems to have helped you, Haruka.
Haruka: Still, what you said about facial features is pretty interesting. That has to do with phrenology and physiognomy, right?
Shizuku: Yes. To be honest, it was something I saw on TV during dinner...
Shizuku: Apparently, if the corners of your eyes point up, you're more likely to have an increased appetite, and people with plump lips are prone to being anemic.
Airi: Oh, I'm interested in hearing more.
Airi: Wanna try it on me? What do you see?
Shizuku: Well... Your bright eyes and lovely mouth are your best features, Airi, so...
(Black cut)
