441_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Keeping You From Falling (event_60)

Gacha phrase: I'm so glad you're okay, An.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): Oh! Welcome, everyone♪
Luka: You don't have practice today, right? Did you come here to see us?
Shizuku: Hehe. Yes, we did. There's something we'd like to show all of you.
Miku (MMJ): Something you'd like to show us?
Airi: Remember how I mentioned Shizuku and I were asked to do some modeling?
Luka: Yes, I remember♪ It involved wearing a wedding dress, right?
Miku (MMJ): Does that mean you're here to show us some pictures?
Shizuku: Well done, Miku. We'd like to show you the pictures we took on our phones to mark the occasion.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, yay♪ That means we should tell the others about this!
Miku (MMJ): Wait, no... MEIKO and the others might be rehearsing for their show right now...
Airi: In that case, we can just head over their way later. I have a feeling that a certain someone can't wait to see what we took.
Minori: Huh?! H-How did you know that I couldn't wait any longer?!
Airi: You honestly thought we wouldn't be able to tell?
Haruka: But I understand how Minori feels. I've been looking forward to this moment as well.
Shizuku: Hehe. We also had the fortune of immediately finding Miku and Luka, so why don't we start by looking at them together?
Shizuku: Oh, but... What you're about to see may take you by surprise.
Luka: Oh, why's that?
Airi: So, um... A lot happened and... Yes, it's a surprise, but it's also a happy one!
Airi: So, let's get this show on the road. Ta-daa!
Minori: Ohh... Wait, whaaat?! Sh-Shizuku, is this...?!
Haruka: A tuxedo.
Shizuku: Yes, so...
(Black cut)
Miku (MMJ): I see. And that led to Shizuku wearing this tuxedo in order to play the groom!
Haruka: I heard that An played the bride with Kohane as her bridesmaid...
Minori: B-But this suits you so well, Shizuku...! You look so cool!
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you, Minori. I appreciate the compliment.
Minori: But still, a tux... There's no way I could pull off something like that.
Airi: I'm with you there. But it might look good on Haruka.
Haruka: Wait, you think so?
Miku (MMJ): I agree. You'd probably look really sharp and amazingly cool, Haruka.
Minori: Haruka in a tux...
Minori: W-W-W-W-W-Wait, that's... That's...!
Shizuku: Minori?
Minori: Too much...
Haruka: M-Minori?! Are you okay?!
Luka: Oh, I think she overheated.
Airi: Yeah, but I totally get how she feels...!
Airi: When I saw Shizuku walk out in a tux, it felt like a ton of bricks crashing on top of my head!
Miku (MMJ): O-On top of your head?
Shizuku: Really? And you were okay after that, Airi?
Airi: Of course I wasn't okay!
Luka: Hehe. That must've been quite an ordeal...
Airi: Yeah, it was. You don't get that kind of visual overload very often...
Haruka: But this tuxedo really does suit you well, Shizuku. You must've looked even more stunning in person.
Shizuku: ...
Airi: Shizuku? What's up...?
Shizuku: The truth is, just before I put on that costume, I was a little worried about how I'd actually look in a tuxedo...
Shizuku: But I also didn't want to worry An or Kohane, so I readily accepted and went to get changed...
Shizuku: And yet, a part of me felt so unsure about doing such a stunning outfit justice...
Airi: Shizuku...
Shizuku: Hehe. Fortunately, my concerns were unfounded.
Shizuku: I mean, Ms. Kinuya put so much thought into making that tuxedo, so it felt like it was putting on a magical outfit.
Shizuku: That's why I felt so much better after actually putting it on.
Shizuku: I have a feeling that I was able to properly play the groom because that tuxedo was willing to lend me its support.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. It's so incredible how you're able to bring out the absolute best in the costumes and outfits you wear, Shizuku.
Airi: Yeah, I can't help but feel envious.
Minori: Oh, can you tell us more about your costumes and what happened during the shoot?!
Haruka: I'd like to hear that as well.
Airi: Of course! We still have tons of pics in store for you. Right, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes! Hehe. Which one shall we talk about next?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Okay, this seems like a good place to wrap up our morning practice.
Shizuku: Yes, I agree. Nice work, everyone.
Minori & Airi: Nice work... Nice work!
Haruka: Kohane...?
Shizuku: Oh, Kohane, good morning.
Kohane: Oh, um... Good morning. Uh, Shizuku, Airi, are you both free to talk right now by chance?
Airi: Yeah, we can talk. We just wrapped up our morning practice!
Kohane: Thank goodness. Ms. Kawasaki asked me to deliver a present.
Minori: Ms. Kawasaki...? Isn't she the person who asked you guys to be models?
Kohane: Yeah, she's a professional photographer.
Kohane: She actually stopped by the cafe An's dad runs to tell us that she received an award for her entry.
Kohane: And gave us some photos to mark the occasion...
Airi: Oh, from during the shoot?!
Minori: Really?! I wanna see! I wanna see!
Haruka: Oh, you're looking at the camera for some of these, but not all of them...
Haruka: And you all have such wonderful smiles on your faces...
Shizuku: Oh, this was when one of An's heels slipped off as we were moving between scenes...
Airi: Shizuku picked it up and even helped her put it back on. Oh, here it is! This is a photo of that moment!
Minori: Wh-Whoa! She's like a prince...!
Kohane: Yeah, my heart raced when I saw that too.
Shizuku: Really? All I did was help her a little since it seemed very difficult to crouch while wearing that dress...
Shizuku: Oh, I think trying to copy Len helped as well...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku (MMJ): Eep!
Shizuku: Miku, are you okay?
Miku (MMJ): Yes. I'm wearing these new shoes because they go with my outfit, but they slip off so easily...
Miku (MMJ): Where'd my shoe go...?
Len: Here it is, Miku. Mind sticking your foot out for me?
Miku (MMJ): Huh?! Wait, I can put it back on myself.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (From time to time, we get to see these wonderful displays of chivalry in SEKAI.)
Shizuku: (Hehe. I'll be sure to tell them about what I did the next time I get a chance to visit.)
Airi: By the way, did you tell Shiho about us doing some modeling?
Shizuku: Yes. She was there when I told my mom and everyone else.
Shizuku: Oh, but I mostly talked about working with Kohane and the others. I didn't really get a chance to talk about me wearing a tuxedo.
Kohane: Hehe. If that's the case, I'm sure they'll be very surprised when they see these photos.
Shizuku: Yes, I'll tell them all about what happened after I return home today.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shiho: Alright... What do you want to show me so much that you had to call me over?
Shizuku: Remember how I said I'd be doing some work that involves wearing a wedding dress?
Shizuku: The photographer was nice enough to give us some photos of the shoot to mark the occasion.
Shizuku: And I wanted to show them to you, Shii!
Shiho: Oh, that's what this is about...? Okay, if we're just looking at a few photos...
Shizuku: Really?! In that case, let's start going through them! There were four of us there and this one shows us all together...
Shiho: Hm...?
Shiho: What?! Shizuku, you wore a tux?!
Shizuku: Hehehe.
Shizuku: Yes, I did! And I was just as surprised since I was under the impression that I'd be wearing a dress.
Shizuku: So... How do I look?
Shiho: It actually suits you pretty well...
Shizuku: ...!
Shiho: I'd seen some of your other modeling photos before, but never anything like this.
Shiho: Yeah, it's really nice. Not only does it suit you, but it's also a fresh perspective.
Shizuku: Shii!
Shiho: Hey! W-Wait...!
Shizuku: Hehe! I couldn't be happier, Shii!
Shiho: Shizuku! The photos are gonna get all crumpled!
Shizuku: It'll be fine♪ I'm being careful.
Shiho: You say that, but... If you're gonna be this clingy, I'm heading back to my room.
Shizuku: B-But! There are still so many photos that I want to look at with you!
Shiho: Then promise not to literally be all over me, okay?
Shizuku: I promise.
(Black cut)
