482_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Did It Fall Over? (event_67)

Gacha phrase: Oh...? I'm sorry, everyone.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Airi: Alright, good work! I unfortunately need to get going now!
Shizuku: Okay. Thank you for today, Airi. We'll see you tomorrow.
Minori: Airi left right after practice again...
Haruka: Probably so she can keep planning for our training camp.
Shizuku: Right. She seems to be really enjoying it too, so I'm looking forward to it very much.
Shizuku: Also, Haruka, here's a towel.
Haruka: Thanks. And I'm definitely with you there. I'm excited to see what kind of training camp Airi comes up with for us.
Minori: Yeah, what do you think it's gonna be like? Whenever I hear training camp, I usually imagine the beach or...
Shizuku: Oh, she mentioned how she asked MEIKO for some advice regarding training activities.
Minori: S-She asked MEIKO?!
Minori: Didn't Miku and the others say that their training was super duper hard...?
Minori: Does that mean we're gonna have to do a lap around Shibuya while only doing squat hops...?!
Haruka: Hehe. I doubt she'll make us do anything like that.
Minori: Haha. Y-Yeah! As tough as she can be sometimes...
Haruka: On top of squat hops not actually being a very good workout, it's also easy to injure yourself, so I don't see her choosing that.
Haruka: I have to think that she'll have clear objectives in mind for each activity. For example, long-distance running for building stamina or sprinting up a hill to strengthen your lower body.
Minori: L-Long distance running... Sprinting up a hill... Th-That sounds like the kind of stuff professional athletes do...
Shizuku: Also, aren't we going to be streaming as we train?
Shizuku: If so, I have to think that she's going to have us do activities that are also fun and appealing to our viewers, no?
Haruka: Right. Airi always makes the enjoyment of our viewers a priority.
Minori: By the way, Shizuku, what do you think she's gonna have us do?
Shizuku: Hmm... I think... Oh, a high-endurance dance-off could be fun!
Minori: Like the one they did on The Wide World of Laughs?!
Haruka: A high-endurance dance-off...?
Haruka: Airi was a regular on that show when she was still in QT, right? They had her participate in a dance-off?
Minori: Yeah! You could even say that it was the first step she took towards becoming Airi the legendary variety idol!!
Shizuku: She put on such a cool performance that time too.
Haruka: Really? What did they have her do exactly?
Minori: So, they had forty newbie idols split into two teams, red and white, and they had to keep dancing until the members of one side were all eliminated...!
Shizuku: You had to dance like you meant it, and you were eliminated if you made a mistake or didn't quite execute a move properly.
Haruka: That sounds like an event in and of itself... So, what happened during the show?
Minori: Most of the idols made it through the first forty minutes, but Airi's teammates on the red team started getting eliminated one by one after an hour had passed...
Minori: Not long after that, Airi was the only idol from the red team that remained.
Shizuku: While the white team still had eleven.
Minori: Yeah, that's right! I was so sure that the red team was done for...
Minori: But that was Airi's moment! She danced for two and a half hours straight until everyone on the white team was eliminated!
Haruka: Two and a half hours...? The others must've put up a good fight, but Airi really is something else.
Minori: Exactly!
Shizuku: I was at that station for some other business and got to see her for a bit...
Minori: What?! You saw her legendary performance live?!
Shizuku: Yes, I did.
Shizuku: She really did dance like there was no tomorrow.
Shizuku: The others seemingly tried doing everything they could, like dancing with a little less power, to save their energy, but they all looked like they were in so much pain...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: Airi had this beautiful smile on her face while she danced. It was as if she was performing live on stage right then and there.
Shizuku: I unfortunately had to leave before the end to go to my next appointment, but based on how dazzling she was, I knew the others didn't stand a chance.
Shizuku: Which is why I was so happy when I actually saw it happen later on TV. I couldn't contain myself.
Haruka: I see... That's such a nice story. I wish I could've seen that.
Shizuku: Oh, we really went on a tangent there. We were discussing what we'll be doing during our training camp, yes...?
Haruka: Yes, but that's fine. I really enjoyed this story.
Minori: Hehe. We should ask Airi sometime about what things were like that time!
Shizuku: Oh, that's a wonderful idea! I'd love to hear what she has to say.
Haruka: Then, let's ask her during practice next time.
Shizuku: Yes, let's!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

(Black cut)
Shizuku: Okay, Haruka, Airi, how did that part look just now...?
Haruka: You both were in much better sync that time, but you're still getting stuck here and there.
Airi: Yeah, Minori, I think you fell a little behind going into that part and Shizuku ended up stumbling trying to match up with you.
Minori: I-I'm so sorry...
Minori: And I really need to apologize to you, Shizuku. I promise to figure out how to transition smoother into the part where we both dance.
Shizuku: I understand how difficult that part is since it also took me quite a while to figure out.
Shizuku: I may be able to help by giving you some pointers when it comes to timing everything and such, so let's just keep trying together.
Minori: Sh-Shizuku!!
Airi: Alright, that should be a good place to end our break.
Haruka: Okay, sounds good.
Shizuku: Oh, wait! Airi!
Shizuku: After you left yesterday, we...
(Black cut)
Airi: You talked about the high-endurance dance-off? Wow, talk about a blast from the past.
Minori: Yeah, we did! And we were hoping that you could tell us more about what happened that time...
Haruka: Would that be alright, Airi? You don't have to if you're not comfortable with it.
Airi: I don't mind. I still remember everything clearly since it turned into such a huge event and a really hot topic later.
Airi: But what exactly were you hoping to hear?
Shizuku: I think we all would love to hear what you were feeling as you danced!
Minori: Yeah! Shizuku even said, “It was as if she was performing live on stage right then and there,” so I'm also really curious!
Airi: Hold on, Shizuku... Were you in the studio that time?
Shizuku: Yes, I was there for something else and decided to get a peek before my next appointment.
Airi: Seriously?! This is news to me...
Shizuku: Oh, that reminds me. Unlike when we were still in training, we didn't get to see each other much...
Haruka: So, what was going through your mind as you danced?
Airi: Oh, um... That time...
Airi: We split into two teams, red and white... But to be honest, I wasn't feeling all that competitive initially.
Airi: I actually thought that I'd be able to motivate myself and stay in the game longer by imagining that my fans were right there watching me.
Haruka: Imagining that your fans were right there?
Airi: I mean, when it aired, thousands and thousands of people were watching.
Airi: At the same time, was it really that fun watching idols dance until they became totally exhausted?
Minori: I really enjoyed it since the way you kept trying gave me so much encouragement... But your point's also valid. Smiling is sorta better than panting...
Airi: Yeah, I was able to dance like I meant it because I kept telling myself that I was performing live on stage that time.
Haruka: That means Shizuku was spot on yesterday.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Shizuku: Also, aren't we going to be streaming as we train?
Shizuku: If so, I have to think that she's going to have us do activities that are also fun and appealing to our viewers, no?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: Oh, I was.
Airi: As a result, I had fun and got to dance until the end. Also, I was so focused on the music that I sorta just blocked out everything that was going on around me.
Airi: Everyone was kinda going nuts towards the end too, so I knew I had a good shot at winning as long as I hung in there.
Airi: Then, after they announced that I'd won, I kept dancing as a sort of victory lap to show my appreciation for everybody watching!
Shizuku: Hehe. I even remember you winking and doing your Momoi pose after you'd finished dancing.
Airi: Really? Were you there until the end, Shizuku?
Shizuku: No, I saw that part on TV. I actually started tearing up a little after you gave me that wink.
Minori: Oh, me too! I remember thinking, “This Airi Momoi girl's such an amazingly cool idol!”
Airi: Oh, quit exaggerating, you two...
Shizuku: No, we aren't!
Shizuku: Since around that time, Airi, you've been the incredibly cool and spectacular idol that I've been looking up to.
Airi: Shizuku...
Airi: A-Again, you're exaggerating. Also, flattery won't get you anywhere with me.
Shizuku: Hehe. I don't mind as long as you understand how I feel.
Airi: Q-Quit saying stuff like that. You're making me blush...
Haruka: I kind of feel like we should do a dance-off now.
Minori: Oh, great idea! We can even invite Miku and the others!
Shizuku: Yes, that sounds like fun!
Shizuku: And if I end up facing you, Airi, I won't let you win so easily.
Airi: Oh? Those are some big words you're throwing around there. In the face of the champ no less.
Airi: So, as the champion... Challenge accepted!
(Black cut)
