512_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Relaxing With Manjus♪ (event_72)

Gacha phrase: Let's go into tomorrow feeling relaxed and refreshed.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Nonogi Park]

Minori: Okay, we've done our jobs as the opening act, so let's go see what else is going on at Shibuya Festa!
Shizuku: Yes, there were many stalls set up too. We could spend quite a bit of time just seeing what they have to offer.
Miku (MMJ): <Do you think there's a caramel apple stall? They look really cute and I've been meaning to try one!>
Rin: <Yeah! Oh, I really wanna try some cotton candy♪>
Haruka: In that case, we'll buy some for all of you and bring everything over to SEKAI later.
Miku (MMJ): <Wait, you will?! Thank you so much!>
Minori: Alright, let's head over to Main Street!
Airi: That's fine and all, but we probably shouldn't walk around without disguising ourselves. Let's take some time to do that before we head out...
Shizuku: Oh, that's right... An idol can cause a big commotion if they're not careful and walk around normally...
Airi: You get that you're that idol, right...?
Haruka: Hehe. Alright, let's prepare ourselves some disguises.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

Airi: Whoa... There's way more people here than usual. Getting where we want's gonna be a challenge.
Airi: Be sure to stick together. Especially you, Shizuku. Try not to lose sight of us.
Shizuku: R-Right, I'll be careful.
Haruka: At the same time, we may be able to talk to Miku and the others without anyone else noticing.
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: Are there any stalls that you'd like to see? You have a lot of options to choose from it seems...
Haruka: There's one for caramel apples. Oh, there's even a stand that has “Italian Spaghetti Sticks”. That sounds interesting.
Miku (MMJ): <Oh, that does sound interesting. What do you think they're like...?>
KAITO: <It's a bit hard to tell just based on that name...>
Shizuku: There's also your standard festival fare. Yakisoba, takoyaki, buttery potatoes... Hm...?
Len: <What's up, Shizuku?>
Shizuku: Oh, I just noticed that there's a stall that's selling rice cracker sandwiches. I remember getting some with Shii when we were little. She always spun the wheel for me.
MEIKO: <Why does a rice cracker stall need a wheel like that?>
Haruka: These stalls usually have a wheel for customers to spin that decides how many rice crackers they get.
Miku (MMJ): <Oh, that sounds fun! And very festive!>
KAITO: <Would you mind showing us? I'd like to see how many you all get.>
Airi: Yeah, sure! We can split what we get too!
Luka: <Hehe. This should be fun♪>
Miku (MMJ): <Good luck, girls! We'll be watching from inside your pocket!>
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Leading off for us will be... Minori.
Minori: Okay! I'm gonna go for first prize! One hundred rice crackers!
Minori: Here we... GOOOO!!!
(Background change)
Rin: <Okay, how'd it go?!>
(Background change)
Stall Worker: Congratulations! You win fifty!
Shizuku: That's incredible, Minori! Fifty means you got second prize!
Minori: Whoa!! Hehe. I did it!
Airi: Hold up. What are you getting second prize right off the bat for?! If this were a variety show, they'd have to edit all this out!
Haruka: Fortunately, we're not shooting for one. So, Minori, congratulations!
Haruka: And I'll go next. I hope I get at least thirty.
Haruka: Here we go!
Minori: Wh-Where'd it land...?!
Stall Worker: Wow! Congratulations, young lady! You also win fifty!!
Shizuku: Oh... It must be your lucky day, you two.
Haruka: Actually, it might be set up in a way that makes it easy for everyone to win a lot.
Haruka: Anyway, Airi, you're next...
Airi: This means I have to get fifty... Or even a hundred...
Airi: Or would it be better for me to aim low and get ten or so...?
Minori: Airi, you still sound like you're shooting a scene for a variety show.
Shizuku: Hehe. She just always wants the best possible outcome for us.
Airi: Alright, I'm ready. Let's see what happens. Here we...
Airi: GOOOO!
(Background change)
Rin: <Whoa!>
(Background change)
Shizuku: Where did it stop...?!
Stall Worker: Hey, not bad. That's thirty for you.
Airi: No, how am I supposed to react to that number?!
Haruka: Oh, I thought it was a nice result.
Airi: You think so? Well, I guess...
Airi: But I'm way too obsessed with getting the perfect shot! I feel like a total workaholic!
Shizuku: Hehe. Oh, Airi.
Minori: Last but not least, Shizuku...!
Shizuku: Oh, that's right. I hope I win a lot...
Shizuku: Here we go!
Minori: Alright, it's spinning! And it's our very last turn!
Haruka: Oh, I think it's about to stop... A hundred may be a bit difficult...
Airi: So close! You almost had it...
Minori: Wah! It's a really strong gust!
Airi: Geez, where'd that come from... Huh?
Haruka: Did that gust just move the wheel? You win a hundred...?
Shizuku: Oh wow...!
Stall Worker: Congratulations, miss! That's one hundred for you! It looks like Lady Luck is on your side!
Airi: How do you always manage to do this, Shizuku?!
(Black cut)
Minori: Yay! We got so many! 50+50+30+100 makes... 230!
Haruka: The four of us just spun the wheel for fun... But this might be a lot even for ten people...
Shizuku: I honestly didn't expect us to win so many...
Luka: <Still, I'm looking forward to having them with all of you.>
Rin: <Same! This means we get to have a rice cracker party in SEKAI tonight!>
Shizuku: Hehe. Yes, we do. We'll bring them over shortly.
Shizuku: We even received a large assortment of fillings as a bonus. These should make our sandwiches all the more fun and delicious.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Scramble Crossing]

Shizuku: (Okay... I got to enjoy quite a bit of the festival today.)
Shizuku: (And our show went very well... It's been such a wonderful day.)
Shizuku: (Shii's band also put on an incredible performance. I'll tell her all about how good it was when I get home...)
Shizuku: Oh...! Shii!
Shiho: Sh-Shizuku...?
Saki: Hi, Shizuku! Wow, what are the odds?!
Honami: Were you just about to head home as well?
Shizuku: Yes. The rest of MORE MORE JUMP! and I just called it a day after seeing some shows and taking a look at all the stalls.
Shizuku: Are you all also about to head home?
Ichika: Yes, we seem to be following the same itinerary.
Shizuku: I see. In that case...
Shizuku: Shii, let's go home together.
Shiho: I knew you were gonna say that...
Saki: There are so many people here because of Shibuya Festa, so I'm sure you'll feel a lot better knowing that Shizuku's right there with you.
Shiho: I wasn't that worried...
Shiho: But I don't mind doing this every so often...
Shizuku: Really?! Thank you, Shii!
Shiho: Hey, personal space...
Ichika: Bye, Shiho. See you tomorrow at school.
Shiho: Okay, get home safe.
(Black cut)
Shizuku: And after that, I ended up winning a hundred rice crackers.
Shizuku: Remember how you won fifty for the two of us during that one festival and we shared them? What happened today reminded me of that...
Shiho: You still remember that?
Shiho: Still, I'm glad to hear that you were all able to enjoy Shibuya Festa after going on stage as the opening act...
Shizuku: Yes, we were able to see quite a lot because Airi suggested that we disguise ourselves...
Shizuku: Oh no!
Shiho: What's wrong?
Shizuku: I was so moved by your band's performance today, Shii! You all played very well, and Ichika sang so beautifully...
Shizuku: I wanted to tell the others too... I'd completely forgotten when we were all together...
Shizuku: Would you mind telling them tomorrow, Shii? You really did put on a wonderful performance.
Shiho: Okay, I'll let them know...
Shiho: I got to see a part of your show too, Shizuku. You were also...
Mafuyu: Hinomori? Is that you?
Shizuku: Oh, Asahina, hello! We've been running into each other quite a lot lately.
Shiho: Oh, um... Thank you for earlier.
Mafuyu: Were you going around Shibuya Festa together just now? I'd heard some stories before, but you two really do seem close.
Shizuku: No, actually, I happened to run into Shii just a second ago. We decided to head home together.
Mafuyu: Oh, I see...
Mafuyu: By the way, Hinomori, you put on a great performance.
Mafuyu: Also, this may be just me, but it felt like we made eye contact part way through...
Shizuku: No, I managed to find you that time. It was my little way of thanking you for taking the time to watch.
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that it worked too.
Shiho: I'll go on ahead, Shizuku. I have a feeling that you want to stay and talk to Asahina.
Shizuku: What?! W-Wait, Shii!
Shizuku: Yes, I do want to talk to Asahina, but I also want us to go home together!
Shiho: H-Hey, how many times do I have to tell you?! Personal space!
Mafuyu: Haha. You two really are close.
Shiho: G-Great, now she's laughing at us...
Mafuyu: I've heard quite a lot about you. For example, how you bow to news anchors whenever they do their greeting...
Mafuyu: And how you bound down the stairs when you know that you're going to have Salisbury steak for dinner.
Shiho: Shizuku...
Shizuku: Hehe. Isn't she just the cutest?
Shiho: I mean, why am I being put in the spotlight? What happened to talking about how well your show went?
Shiho: Also, we shouldn't take up too much of Asahina's time. If we're gonna head home together, let's go.
Shizuku: Right. Asahina, let's chat more about this again at school.
Mafuyu: Sure. I'll be looking forward to it.
Shizuku: Me too! I'll see you later!
Shizuku: Hehe... Asahina noticed how close we are, Shii. I couldn't be happier.
Shiho: That's great and all...
Shiho: But can you stop telling her literally everything about me? How do you expect me to talk to her next time?
Shizuku: Oh, why not? I'm just telling her the truth...
Shiho: That's the problem...
Shiho: *Sigh* Nevermind...
Shizuku: Hehe... I can't wait to chat again with Asahina at school.
(Black cut)
