520_Shizuku Hinomori_R3 Excited Unboxing♪ (event_73)

Gacha phrase: Oh, how lovely!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[One month before the solo show]

[Rental Meeting Room]

Shizuku: Everyone, I'm looking forward to... Huh?
Shizuku: (What are all these cardboard boxes doing here?)
Minori: Oh, Shizuku!
Airi: Perfect timing! Over here!
Shizuku: Coming♪
Shizuku: Were you all about to open these boxes?
Airi: Yeah, that's right. We got here a little early, so we decided to take a look.
Minori: What do you think's inside, Shizuku? Can you guess?
Shizuku: Inside? Um...
Haruka: I'll give you a hint. They're things that our fans will need to really enjoy our show.
Shizuku: Things they'll need? To enjoy our show...?
Shizuku: Oh, I know...! It's our merchandise!
Minori: We have a winner♪ Nicely done, Shizuku!
Airi: Alright, you three, that's enough celebrating. Help me out with these, will you?
Shizuku, Minori & Haruka: Okay.
Shizuku: Oh wow...! This box is filled with towels!
Haruka: This one has the T-shirts.
Minori: I've got glow sticks over here! Look! They even say “MORE MORE JUMP!” on them!
Airi: Of course they do. They were made specifically for us.
Shizuku: Hehe. I understand how she feels. After all, these are some of the first pieces of merchandise that were made with her in mind.
Shizuku: When I was still in Cheerful * Days, I remember my manager always showing us the samples for merchandise whenever they arrived.
Airi: Wait, Shizuku, did you all inspect the merch yourselves?
Shizuku: No, they really just showed us since we'd usually design some of them ourselves.
Shizuku: But that stopped after a while when we started offering a wide array of merchandise.
Minori: I see...
Haruka: Yeah, merchandise can sort of grow out of control pretty fast. I remember looking over some featured items for certain events, but not much outside of that...
Shizuku: Yes, which is why I really enjoy the fact that we get to look over our own merchandise like this. Thankful too.
Airi: Then, let's inspect everything thoroughly to make sure our fans only get quality products!
Shizuku: Yes!
Airi: Minori, try turning on that glow stick for me. We need to check how it looks when its lights are on.
Minori: Okay!
Haruka: I'll start unfolding these T-shirts.
Shizuku: Okay, I'll do the same for these towels.
Shizuku: Oh, the fabric they used to make these towels is so soft. They feel nicer than I was expecting.
Airi: Lemme see... Hey, they do feel nice!
Airi: I'm glad we did our homework for these. You can end up with stuff that feels really hard or frays easily if you're not careful.
Shizuku: Hehe. And these should hold together fine when you twirl them around.
Airi: Yeah, they should be able to handle that and a spin in the washing machine just fine.
Airi: That means the wristbands we ordered should feel just as nice since we asked for the same fabric.
Haruka: Minori, can you take a look at this T-shirt for me? How does it look?
Minori: Whoa! It looks great on you, Haruka!
Haruka: Hehe. Thanks. However, that's not what I'm asking...
Minori: Wait, right! We're supposed to be inspecting everything! Uhh...
Shizuku: You'll want to see if the printing looks okay and if our group name and individual names have been spelled correctly.
Minori: Oh, okay! Thanks, Shizuku!
Shizuku: You're welcome.
Shizuku: (Again, this really takes me back...)
Shizuku: (When I saw my name on merchandise like this for the first time, I remember...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[Cheerful * Days Theater]

Leader: Here you are, Shizuku. This looks like your merch.
Shizuku: Thank you very much! Wow, this towel... It's such a pretty color.
Shizuku: Not only that...
Shizuku: (Cheerful * Days... SHIZUKU HINOMORI... My name... It's really written right on here...)
Leader: Hehe. You look so happy, Shizuku. Just make sure your name's spelled right, okay?
Shizuku: If my name's spelled right?
Leader: Yeah, especially when a person's name includes something like a “zu”, “dzu” or “tzu” sound.
Leader: You'd think it wouldn't happen, but it actually does a lot...
Shizuku: Oh, I see. I had no idea...
Leader: “Fu” gets misspelled too sometimes.
Leader: The managers and others are all probably going to inspect everything... But it's still good to check just in case.
Shizuku: Right... Thank you very much. I'll keep a close eye out.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: Hm? Shizuku? Is it just me or do you seem really happy right now?
Airi: Yeah, I noticed that too. Do those towels really feel that nice?
Shizuku: Hehe. That's part of why.
Shizuku: But also because these reminded me of when I got to take a look at my own merchandise for the very first time...
Shizuku: Since these will be in the hands of our valued fans soon, we should take a close look at them and see what they're like.
Minori: Yeah, I totally agree!
Airi: No, you just want to browse through all our merch.
Minori: Y-You're not wrong...
Airi: This is when you're supposed to say I am there!
Shizuku & Haruka: Hehehe.
Shizuku: (In just about a month, all of this merchandise is going to be in the hands of our fans.)
Shizuku: (I hope they like what we have to offer.)
Shizuku: (Our show is one thing, but I really want them to enjoy these as well.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Show Venue - Green Room]

Shizuku: Does everybody have a drink ready?
Airi: Yeah, we're all set.
Saito: The staff's got theirs too!
Haruka: Then... Let's begin the after party for our solo show.
Airi: Oh, hand on. Why don't we have Minori lead for us since it was her big moment today?
Minori: W-Wait, me?!
Shizuku: Yes, I agree! Especially since you gave us such a lovely speech during the show.
Shizuku: Would you mind taking the lead here, Minori?
Haruka: I'd like it if you did as well.
Saito: Us too!
Staff: Pleeease!
Minori: W-W-Wah! All of you?!
Minori: O-Okay! I'll do it!
Minori: Um... Ahem.
Minori: Today marks an auspicious occasion... Uhh... I could not be more pleased to see that our solo show went so well!
Airi: This is starting to sound like one of those matchmaking interviews...
Haruka: Hehe. She's pleased.
Shizuku: It's very cute and very Minori.
Minori: Um... We couldn't have done this without any of you! We were able to give the fans an incredible show because of all your help!
Airi: Quit stammering!
Minori: Wah! S-Sorry, I can't help it!
Shizuku & Haruka: Hehe.
Minori: A-Anyway, thank you very much for all your hard work! And so, here's to a successful show...
Minori: Cheers!!
Everyone: Cheers!
Minori: Um... How was it? Did I do okay?
Shizuku: Yes, it was a cute speech.
Airi: Sorry about heckling you, but I did manage to get a few good laughs...
Haruka: Nice speech, Minori. So, cheers.
Minori: Hehe... Cheers!
Airi: And I'd like to thank the staff again for all your hard work!
Shizuku: We really appreciate it. So, please enjoy these sandwiches.
Staff A: What...?! Th-Thank you so much!
Staff B: Uhh... I'm so glad that I got to help out in the first MMJ solo show! It was really fun! I promise to keep supporting all of you!
Shizuku: Oh, thank you for your kind words! We promise to do our best to keep bringing you fun shows like this.
Shizuku: Oh...
Shizuku: Thank you so much for helping us put on this event as well, Saito.
Shizuku: It was thanks to your planning and instruction that the staff were able to carry out what they needed to do. We couldn't have done it without you.
Saito: Sh-Shizuku...?! I-I'm not worthy! I mean... I'm so honored!
Saito: P-Please, allow me to thank you all as well...!
Shizuku: Thank us?
Saito: Yes! You probably remember how we ran into a bit of trouble during the fan event the other day because of my lack of foresight when it came to setup and carrying things...
Saito: Fortunately, all of that went smoothly this time.
Saito: And I really appreciate how all of you took the time to discuss all of that with us beforehand.
Saito: This experience has meant quite a lot to me. So, thank you very much!!
Shizuku: Hehe. There's no need to be so formal. Also, I didn't come up with everything that I told you just now. We had the help of some of our idol seniors.
Saito: I had no idea...! Wait, does that mean...?
Saito: Would you be willing to thank them for me as well...?
Shizuku: Yes, of course. If it's okay with you that is. Right, everyone?
Minori: Yeah! You can count on us!
Shizuku: Oh, I know the show just ended... But since we're on the subject, was there anything in particular that gave you trouble this time around?
Saito: Well...
Saito: Oh... I'd probably say that it would've been nice to have a few more on board as staff... Can you guys think of anything else besides that?
Staff A: Oh, towards the beginning, we had a little trouble in terms of communication when it came to assigning roles.
Staff B: Y-Yeah... I thought this one person was also selling merch with me, and I ended up telling them about how we're running low on some stuff without realizing that they were a guide... That seemed to confuse them a lot...
Airi: I see... It probably didn't help that all the staff were all wearing the same T-shirts.
Staff: Come to think of it, a lot of people were asking people who weren't guides for directions.
Staff: Yeah, I guess that's only natural. I mean, from their point of view, we're all the same staff...
Saito: Right... Numbers and assignments... We'll have to keep those points in mind for the future.
Staff: Oh, about our roles... What if we had armbands that say what we've been assigned to do...?
Staff: We sold wristbands today too. What if they were color-coded?
Minori: Yeah! We can use Airi's color for people selling merch! I bet they'd feel better knowing you're on their side!
Airi: Wait, that's your reasoning?
Airi: Then, how about either Minori or Haruka's color for the guides? I'm not sure how I'd feel about Team Shizuku giving others directions...
Shizuku: I-It's true that I don't have the best sense of direction, but my color's done nothing wrong...
Airi: But you're willing to admit the first part of that...
Everyone: Haha. Hehe.
Shizuku: (They're all smiling...)
Shizuku: (On top of that, they're providing us with suggestions regarding how to make our next one better.)
Shizuku: (It's like we get to walk forward hand-in-hand with all those who support us...)
Shizuku: (That must be what MORE MORE JUMP! is truly about.)
Saito: Oh, I'm sure you're all very hungry too, MORE MORE JUMP! Please, have some of these sandwiches with us!
Shizuku: Yes, thank you.
(Black cut)
