549_Shizuku Hinomori_R2 Focusing On What Lies Ahead (event_78)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Shizuku: Hello, everyone. Um, can you all see us okay?
Comments: <I can see you!> <Hi! I'm so glad I was able to be here from the start of the stream!>
Airi: Looks like we're all set! So, let's get started!
Minori: Yeah! We're calling today's stream the...
Minori: Post Solo Show Stream♪
Shizuku, Airi & Haruka: Yay♪
Airi: I believe this goes without saying, but we're gonna talk all about our solo show and would also like to hear from you guys!
Comments: <It was the best show ever!> <I was in tears from the start.> <I couldn't go! Please do another show!>
Shizuku: Oh, look at that. Thank you all for your comments!
Shizuku: My heart races every time I think about it.
Shizuku: I had done many shows with my old agency, but this one felt incredibly special.
Haruka: I agree.
Haruka: It felt like a dream, but it was real. It was our show. We made it happen.
Shizuku: Yes, exactly! Also, getting to show everybody our new outfits made me very happy.
Minori: Yeah, we wanted you all to see us wearing them as soon as we could!
Comments: <Your outfits were so cute!> <You were all dazzling! I liked the initial designs, but seeing you wearing them on stage was something else!>
Airi: We need to thank Shizuku for designing them, and the fans who actually put them together.
Shizuku: Hehe. I think my outfit allowed me to sing and dance better than I normally do.
Comments: <It felt like you cast a spell on all of us!> <I know, right? Those outfits were amazing.>
Comments: <Your new song was also awesome!> <I'm so jealous. If only I could get a ticket...> <Please do a tour for all of us who live in other parts of the country!>
Airi: A tour, huh...? How amazing would that be?
Minori: Yeah! Some of our fans even wrote letters asking us to do just that! And to perform at the Dome!
Comments: <MMJ's ready for bigger and better venues!> <Please do shows at the Butokan and the Dome!>
Shizuku: You all...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Minori: Once we've become famous enough to go on tour, I want us to do a show at the Dome.
Minori: I want to spread hope to everyone in Japan... Just like how ASRUN did with me when I saw them for the first time!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: (It's hard for me to say how high our ceiling is since we don't belong to an agency...)
Shizuku: (But at the very least, our fans want to see us go on tour and perform at the Dome.)
Shizuku: Thank you all very much. Your support means absolutely everything to us.
Shizuku: (And then there's Minori...)
Shizuku: (Airi, Haruka and I have a habit of grounding ourselves in reality, but Minori doesn't.)
Shizuku: (To her, dreams aren't something you see. Dreams are things that you make come true.)
Airi: Shizuku...? Why are you staring at Minori?
Shizuku: Oh...
Minori: D-Don't tell me... Is there something on my face?!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm sorry. You had such a wonderful expression on your face just now. It was very captivating.
Minori: Wh-What?! I captivated you, Shizuku?!
Comments: <Shizuku, your side profile's also really pretty!> <Good for you, Minori. Let her stare until she bores holes in you.>
Minori: W-W-Wait, I don't want that to happen!
Airi & Haruka: Hehe. Haha.
Shizuku: Hehe.
Airi: Anyway, there's a lot that we want to discuss. Why don't we start with the venue for our solo show?
Haruka: Yeah, since booking it sort of involves its own story.
Shizuku: Right. And we had quite a few discussions with everyone about how we were going to decorate it.
Comments: <Oh, I wanna hear more!> <Tell us how you decided to decorate everything!>
Minori: Hehe. As long as we have the time, we're gonna keep talking about everything that happened that day!
Shizuku: So, we hope you'll stick around and enjoy.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shiho: Shizuku, the bath's ready for you anytime.
Shizuku: Okay! Thank you, Shii.
Shiho: ...
Shizuku: Is something wrong...?
Shiho: Uh, no... Not really.
Shizuku: No, that can't be!
Shiho: Whoa! H-Hey, personal space...!
Shizuku: You looked like you wanted to say something just now, Shii. It's okay. You can tell me.
Shiho: O-Okay, I get it! Just gimme some breathing room first...!
Shiho: It's not like anything's wrong... But you seem a lot more cheerful compared to yesterday.
Shizuku: Huh...? I do?
Shiho: If I hadn't thought that, I wouldn't have done a double take. Anyway, you seem to have found a solution to whatever was bothering you, so we don't have to...
Shizuku: Yes, we do!
Shiho: Again, personal space...!
Shizuku: It's very, very, very important to me that you noticed, Shii!!
Shizuku: I already told Mom and Dad, so you should also know, Shii. The thing is...
(Black cut)
Shiho: You're going to be on TV...?
Shizuku: Yes. After discussing it with Haruka, Minori and Airi, we decided to accept their offer.
Shiho: I see...
Shiho: That's great. It'll be a great chance for your group to really get your name out there.
Shizuku: Yes, that's sort of why we decided to accept.
Shizuku: I'm sure we'll do just fine, but we promise to not cause any trouble for you and our family.
Shiho: Don't worry about us.
Shiho: I appreciate the thought, but you shouldn't have to think about what-ifs since I'm fairly certain that you guys already have a lot on your plate.
Shizuku: Shii...
Shiho: I mean, Shizuku, how do you feel?
Shizuku: H-How do I feel?
Shiho: About how you're gonna appear to others, you know...?
Shizuku: Thank you, Shii. I really appreciate your concern.
Shizuku: Actually... People who haven't been watching our streams may be in for a bit of a surprise.
Shizuku: But my goal is to just be myself.
Shizuku: We went through quite a lot in the beginning, but I want everybody to learn more about Shizuku Hinomori from MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: So, I'll be okay.
Shiho: Okay...
Shiho: Yeah, I guess there's nothing to worry about since Momoi, Kiritani and Minori will be there with you.
Shizuku: Oh, that's so sweet of you.
Shizuku: While we're at it, Shii, why don't we take a bath together?
Shiho: No way. Also, I already took one.
Shizuku: Oh, that's unfortunate...
Shizuku: Also, you'll need to keep the fact that we'll be appearing on TV a secret. We only just sent our acceptance reply.
Shiho: I know. Promise to tell me once you know when it's supposed to air.
Shizuku: Wait, does that mean you'll watch it?
Shiho: If I have time. Oh, Saki's probably gonna want to watch it no matter what.
Shizuku: Hehe. I can see that. Then, I'll let you know when we have an air date.
Shiho: Thanks.
Shiho: Anyway, I'm going to my room.
Shizuku: Okay. Thank you for letting me know that the bath is ready.
Shizuku: Shii and the others are all going to watch. That means we need to make the most of our iHaz appearance.
Shizuku: Hehe.
(Black cut)
