550_Shizuku Hinomori_RB Happy Birthday! 2023

Gacha phrase: I'm surrounded by such warm people.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Shizuku: Hello everyone! Let's give this everything we've got!
Miku (MMJ): Yeah, I'm looking forward to this♪
Len: You're looking cheerful today, Shizuku. What's going on?
Shizuku: Hehe, you noticed.
Shizuku: My little sister Shii and her friends are throwing me a birthday party tomorrow♪
KAITO: Oh, wow! Hehe, well that is quite something to look forward to.
Luka: Wait... Isn't your birthday still a way off, Shizuku?
Airi: Since she'll be busy streaming on her actual birthday, they moved it to the holiday that comes just before the day itself.
Haruka: Yeah. That makes it easier to fit into everyone's schedules, too.
MEIKO: I see! So it's not on the day of, but the tradeoff means a bigger and better party♪
Minori: Yup, we're all going, not to mention Shiho—her younger sister—and even her friends. We've also invited a few other people!
Rin: Wow, sounds like nobody wants to miss your big day. Isn't that great, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes, I'm already feeling excited! But...
Shizuku: There's just one thought I can't shake.
Miku (MMJ): What's that?
Shizuku: While I'm grateful to Shii for making my birthday so memorable, I'm honestly quite surprised that she's doing this for me.
Minori: Oh yeah... Shiho is more of the lone wolf type, and being at the center of a bustling party isn't exactly her thing.
Shizuku: Exactly, but when I asked her why, she just replied with a flimsy “I just felt like it”.
Haruka: Still... I wouldn't think throwing a party is stretching too far from her boundaries, right?
Shizuku: I suppose. Plus, her closest friends are helping out, and apparently they're having fun doing so.
Airi: Then I don't see any problem. It is Shiho we're talking about. She could just be too shy to talk about it.
Luka: Hehe, I guess when it comes to family, you don't need a reason to celebrate.
Rin: That's right, Shizuku! Just go enjoy yourself!
Miku (MMJ): And we'll be there to celebrate with you on your birthday itself♪
Shizuku: Oh, thank you everyone!
Airi: Okay then, shall we get started with today's practice session?
Shizuku: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The day of the party]

[Arcade]

Mizuki: We're gathered here today for Shizuku's birthday party! Let part one commence!
Shizuku: Hurray♪
Ena: Mizuki, no need to be so loud. Also, what's with this “part one” business?
Mizuki: “Part one” means “part one”. We're all booked up for the afternoon, remember? We can't make it to the party her sister arranged.
Mizuki: That means we've only got until noon to give her a full day's worth of fun!
Shizuku: Thank you, Mizuki. You too, Ena. I'm so happy you could make it despite having art class!
Ena: Now, I couldn't miss a friend's birthday, could I?
Airi: About that, Shizuku. Are you sure you're okay with coming to the arcade?
Airi: We've been shopping so much recently, so I understand wanting a change of pace...
Shizuku: My reason isn't particularly exciting. I was thinking about doing something a little different with everyone, and then I spotted a sign for the arcade.
Ena: Huh? That's it?
Mizuki: Well, I approve. Sometimes, you gotta listen to your impulses♪
Mizuki: Anyway, enough chit-chat! From retro gems to the latest stuff, this place is a gold mine!
Ena: Alright, alright. Shizuku, does anything here catch your eye?
Shizuku: Let's see... How about trying out Mole War?
Mizuki: Oh, I know that one! It's like your typical whack-a-mole, but it's for two players!
Airi: Oh, you're right. Hmm... Looks like Player One controls the moles, while Player Two tries to smush them.
Mizuki: Uh-huh! Well, I guess Player Two gets the traditional thwacking experience, but they do get the challenge of predicting where they'll pop up!
Mizuki: As the “mole mastermind”, Player One gets a control panel of numbered buttons to choose where the moles pop out!
Mizuki: The key to victory is to be unpredictable to give your opponent a real hard time♪
Mizuki: One more thing! If you don't press any buttons for three seconds, the moles will start popping out themselves. You've been warned!
Airi: That means the whacker wins if they hit more moles, and the mole controller wins if dodge more hits.
Ena: Oh, that sounds like fun. Shizuku, why don't you give it a go?
Shizuku: Okay! Hm, I think I'd like to be the whacker first.
Mizuki: Okay! Leave the mole control to me!
Mizuki: Hehehe. Will you be able to keep up with all my mole madness, Shizuku?
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Hehe, got you!
Mizuki: Huh?! Wha— How did you keep seeing them coming?!
Mizuki: Try this on for size!
Shizuku: Hi there! Hmph!
Mizuki: Don't tell me you actually anticipated that one! Shizuku, are you reading my mind or something?!
Ena: Hey Mizuki, weren't you the one who mentioned the importance of a good strategy?
Mizuki: Don't talk to me! Take this...and that!
Shizuku: Hehe, thwack!
(Black cut)
Mizuki: M-Man, I lost!
Shizuku: Hehe, those moles make the most adorable squeak when they stick their little heads out. That was so much fun. Thank you, Mizuki!
Mizuki: Ahaha... Clearly my mole mastermind plan to let Shizuku have fun did the trick!
Ena: Big talk from someone whose every move just got predicted.
Ena: Airi, we should have a go too. Do you want to be the whacker or the moles?
Airi: Hm, I think I'll be the mole controller. I'm not holding back, Ena!
Ena: Huh huh. I wouldn't expect anything less. I'll follow in Shizuku's footsteps and crush you!
Shizuku: Good luck, both of you!
Airi: The coins are in... That means it's game on!
Ena: ...
Airi: Got you!
Ena: Hyah! Take that!
Airi: Time to switch to the opposite side...now!
Ena: Opposite side?! That's the same hole!
Airi: Over here! No, over there!
Ena: Grgh! You're not...getting...away!
Mizuki: Oooh, this is getting intense!
Shizuku: Hehe, they're both so in sync with each other, like they're pounding rice to make mochi.
Mizuki: Oh yeah, I can see what you mean!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Mizuki: Ahhh... That was fun! Did our birthday girl have fun?
Shizuku: Yes, I had such a great time!
Shizuku: I got to try out so many games I'd never played before, and we even made Print Stickers!
Ena: Oh no! I really need to get going or I'll miss my art class!
Mizuki: Uh oh, it's almost time for my shift, too. Shizuku, I'll send you a birthday message later!
Ena: I hope you have fun at the party with your sister and her friends!
Shizuku: I will! Thank you both so much for today!
Airi: Alright, I guess it's about time we head to yours, Shizuku. They should be done with the party prep, which means they're just waiting for the birthday girl to arrive!
Shizuku: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: I'm home... Wow!
Shizuku: Incredible! Just look at all those adorable little birdies decorating the room! You guys did all this just for me?
Shiho: Well, yeah, it is a birthday party. I thought we ought to decorate it like one.
Haruka: Hehe. Those were all your sister's idea. It seems Tenma and the others looked everywhere to help find them, too.
Shiho: Kiritani, please...
Shizuku: Sh-Shii!
Shiho: Hey, calm down. The party hasn't even started yet.
Saki, Minori & Airi: Hahaha!
(Black cut)
Saki: Okay, it's time! Shiho♪ Would you do the honors and give a speech?
Shiho: ...
Shiho: Uhm... I'd like to start by thanking everyone for choosing to spend your day off here with us.
Airi: Hehe, you're very welcome!
Shiho: And... Shizuku...
Shizuku: Yeees?
Shiho: Um... Happy birthday...
Shizuku: Oh, Shii! Thank you!
Shiho: Let's raise a toast.
Everyone: Cheers!
Shizuku: Hehe, cheers!
Honami: Everyone, I've cut up the cake!
Airi: Shizuku, you get first pick. Ah, how about that one? It looks a little bigger than the rest.
Shizuku: Hehe, okay. I guess I'll take it then!
(Black cut)
Saki: Shizuku! We bought a bunch of snacks we think you'd really like. There's one of each!
Kohane: Since An's helping out at Weekend Garage, she told me to give you these snacks in her stead.
Shizuku: Oh, really? I can't wait to try them!
(Black cut)
Airi: Now that we've all had our fill, it's time to get serious with a game of President!
Shizuku & Saki: Yay♪
Airi: Since there are so many of us, I brought two decks of cards. Don't worry about the backs being different!
Airi: Also, since that makes it much easier to make pairs, let's say no more than four cards at once!
Airi: I hope you're all familiar with the rules of President. I'll be explaining some more house rules while I deal!
Minori & Kohane: Got it!
Shizuku: So many players... I'm excited to see how this turns out!
Haruka: Yeah, me too!
(Black cut)
Airi: Okay! I've got three queens. Can anyone else top that?
Honami: What! N-No way. I can't believe you have three of a kind of such a high card!
Airi: (Hehe... Looks like I'm in the lead—)
Shizuku: Oh, may I? There. Three twos!
Airi: Wha?!
Shizuku: It's my turn again! Okay! Three aces.
Airi: W-Wait! This can't be real!
(Black cut)
Airi: Urgh... If only I had won the first round! Here. Take my two strongest, why don't you!
Shizuku: Thank you, Airi. Wow, I have a lot of Kings. Would you like one?
Airi: Urgh... Y-Yes, but the rules say you gotta give me your two weakest cards.
Minori: Haruka! Please, accept this card of mine. It's the strongest one I have!
Haruka: Hehe, don't mind if I do.
Saki: Oooh, look at them go! I wanna be the President or Vice-President next!
Shiho: Saki, you came third to last. You're closer to becoming the beggar.
Saki: As if that would happen. I got a pretty good hand this time, so I'm gonna do my best to ace this!
(Black cut)
Ichika: Ahhh! Honami, wait!
Honami: Sorry Ichika! The rules say a set of eights ends the trick!
Airi: Hehehe. Looks like it's just the three of us. So which one of you will take my place as beggar!
Kohane: What... What do I do?!
Haruka: Kohane, Hoshino, there's no need to play nice out of respect for her!
Shizuku: Airi, Kohane, Ichika! I'm rooting for you all!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shiho: Alright, I made us some tea.
Shizuku: Thank you, Shii!
Shizuku: Wow... This tea Honami gave me has such a lovely fragrance!
Shiho: It really does.
Shizuku: It was so lively here a while ago, and now it's so quiet.
Shiho: Well, it's as quiet as it usually is.
Shizuku: Hehe, I guess so. Today isn't just any ordinary day, after all.
Shizuku: Shii, thank you so much for organizing a birthday party for me.
Shizuku: It's been so long since I got into a heated game of cards with friends like that.
Shiho: Don't mention it.
Shiho: It was pretty fun. And not just the party, but the organizing too.
Shizuku: Oh, that reminds me. You still haven't told me why you decided to do this for me, Shii.
Shiho: I told you. I just felt like it. Well, I guess...
Shiho: We're family, right? Sometimes a little effort is worth it.
Shizuku: Shii...
Shiho: So, thanks for everything, sis.
Shizuku: Heh, no thank you, Shii!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000140/bg_s000140.webp)
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Hinomori. I heard that your little sister and her friends threw a party for you. Hehe, what a thoughtful sister you have. Hehe, I'm a little jealous.
Ena: Shizuku, I know I've already said this, but happy birthday! I didn't expect an arcade to be your choice of venue, but it was so fun!
Mizuki: Me too, me too♪ To think we even got to make Print Stickers together! I'll treasure them for the rest of my life. I really want to hang out again, so hit me up!
Kohane: Shizuku, best wishes for your birthday! Although it was supposed to be all about you, I had so much fun myself. So, thank you for a wonderful day.
An: Sounds like Kohane enjoyed herself enough to compensate for me not making it! Shizuku, I hope you had a fantastic day. Let's celebrate together properly sometime!
Akito: Hinomori, it was your birthday, right? I hope you had a good one. Thanks for always being there for my sister. May this next year bring you two closer together.
Tsukasa: Wishing you a joyous birthday, Shizuku! If only my show didn't clash with your party...
Tsukasa: Here's to you, from a fellow older sibling. May we endeavor to continue watching over our younger sisters!
Saki: Shizuku, we haven't hung out like this in such a looong time. I had a blast! Let's play cards again sometime♪
Honami: I hope you had a wonderful birthday, Shizuku. Shiho told me you liked the tea. If I get some more, I'll be sure to share it with you!
Ichika: I'm glad we got the chance to spend time together after so long. Also, I'm not sure if this'll put you at ease or not, but we promise to look out for Shiho. The four of us will be working hard together!
Saki & Honami: Leave it to us!
Shiho: You guys...
Shiho: Well, it's just like they said. Likewise, I hope you continue to embrace yourself on your idol journey. I'll also be trying my hardest to achieve my dream.
Minori: Hehehe, I was so shocked when Shiho asked me to help her plan your party.
Haruka: Me too. Since your sister was incredibly invested in the idea, and we also wanted to celebrate, it was a no-brainer.
Airi: Yeah. Shizuku, your little sis is quite something. That is precisely why you should give her enough space to breathe!
Airi: Haha, here's to spending another year of your life as a member of MORE MORE JUMP! and spreading hope to our fans!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: Not only did Shii and her friends throw me a party, but I got to celebrate on my actual birthday too! I'm so happy I could spend time with so many people.
Shizuku: My family, my friends, my fans... It's thanks to all of you that I feel surrounded by warmth.
Shizuku: Your love and support are what keeps me going as a member of MORE MORE JUMP! That is why I, Shizuku Hinomori, will endeavor to continue spreading hope!
Shizuku: So please, keep watching me!
(White cut)
