556_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Make Every Shot Count (event_80)

Gacha phrase: Breathe, Asahina.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Shizuku: *Sigh* Mornings are getting so cold now...
Shizuku: Not only that, it snowed last night. There may be some snow still left on the rooftop.
Shizuku: We're supposed to practice dancing today, but I'm not sure we'll be able to this morning... Hm?
Shizuku: Oh, it's the snow rabbit I made yesterday! Hehe. You're still here!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: Speaking of which, I often used to make snow rabbits when I was little.
Mafuyu: Snow rabbits?
Shizuku: Yes. Because Shii always really liked it whenever I did.
Shizuku: Oh, this might be just enough snow... All you have to do is round some up into a ball and...
Shizuku: For the eyes...we can use these bamboo berries, and some leaves for the ears. And there you are. A snow rabbit.
Mafuyu: Hehe. It's very cute...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: I hope you'll stay with us for a little bit longer, Mr. Snow Rabbit.
(Black cut)

[After school]

Minori: Thank goodness we were able to practice today!
Airi: Yeah, we really need to thank Miku and the others later for letting us use one of the stages in SEKAI.
Airi: But I wasn't expecting to see so much snow still left on the rooftop.
Shizuku: (I wonder if Mr. Snow Rabbit already melted away... It should be somewhere around...)
Shizuku: (Thank goodness! It's still... Huh?)
Shizuku: Oh wow...!
Minori: Huh? Shizuku?
Haruka: Did you find something?
Airi: Hey, snow rabbits! Five of them too!
Minori: Yeah! They're so cute!
Haruka: The one in the middle's bigger than the others around it... Hehe. What if they're a family?
Minori: Yeah! Who do you think made these?
Shizuku: Oh, I made the big one that the babies are surrounding.
Airi: Really? Then, who made the little ones?
Shizuku: Who? I'm not sure. Mine was the only one here when I checked this morning.
Airi: What if others discovered your rabbit and decided to make some friends for it?
Airi: You know what they say. Loneliness can be fatal for a rabbit.
Minori: Oh, that's apparently not actually true...
Airi: Wait, really?
Minori: Yeah. Rabbits do tend to share nests, but they apparently prefer to sleep and forage for food by themselves!
Haruka: Sounds like being on the Animal Caretaker Committee has turned you into an expert on rabbits.
Minori: Hehe. I'm still no expert...
Shizuku: Still, you may be right that somebody decided to make these baby rabbits so that mine wouldn't feel lonely.
Airi: Yeah.
Airi: Actually, the one on the left here seems kinda lonely...
Haruka: The left...? Oh, there is a little bit of space between it and the others.
Airi: I had a feeling... I think I'll make a friend for it.
Minori: Oh, me too! I wanna make one!
Minori: Shizuku, can you show us how you made yours look so cute?
Haruka: I'd like to learn as well.
Shizuku: Of course. First, you...
(Black cut)
Minori: Carefully place it... Don't let it fall apart... Airi, how does mine look?
Airi: Perfect! It nicely filled up that empty spot!
Haruka: Eight in total now. That's quite a big family.
Shizuku: Yes, and thank you all for helping make it such a lively scene.
Airi: You're welcome. Hehe. I bet the people who made these baby rabbits won't expect to see how much this family's grown.
Shizuku: Hehe. I agree.
Shizuku: (I sure hope they like what we've done.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina, KAITO)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Airi: Oh, Minori and Haruka said that they'll start heading over to the cafeteria in a little bit, so let's go over and claim some seats.
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm very much looking forward to having lunch together.
Shizuku: Since we didn't have practice this morning, I got to walk to school with Shii today.
Shizuku: And the snow rabbits were still there, so I decided to show her. However, she already seemed to know about them.
Airi: So, she saw them on her way home?
Shizuku: Yes, but I learned something else while talking to her that was even more surprising.
Shizuku: As it turns out, Shii and her friends made those other snow rabbits!
Airi: What?! You mean those baby rabbits that we saw surrounding yours, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes! She was also surprised when she found out that we made those other ones.
Airi: Haha! Yeah, I bet. I would've loved to see her reaction.
Shizuku: Oh...
Airi: Hm? Oh, it's Asahina. Why don't you go say hi to her?
Shizuku: Oh, are you sure?
Airi: Yeah, I'll wait right here.
Shizuku: Thank you, Airi! Then, I'll be right back!
Shizuku: Hello, Asahina.
Mafuyu: Hello, Hinomori. Can I help you? Is there something you need?
Shizuku: No, I just wanted to thank you again for what you did the other day.
Mafuyu: The other day...? Oh, do you mean my umbrella?
Shizuku: Yes. Thank you for sharing it with me.
Shizuku: Remember how I broke mine after I slipped and fell on top of it? You really saved me that time.
Mafuyu: It was nothing, really. More importantly, are you okay? Didn't it hurt when you fell?
Shizuku: I'm okay. Hehe. It's nothing to be proud of, but it may be because I'm used to falling while practicing dance routines.
Shizuku: Oh, also... Have you had a chance to see the snow rabbit again?
Mafuyu: Do you mean the one you made? I did. I was wondering if it was still there on my way to school.
Mafuyu: And I was surprised to see that there were more.
Shizuku: Yes, me too! It was so nice to see how it turned into a big family.
Shizuku: I didn't think about it when I made mine, but it must've felt so lonely having to sit there all by itself...
Mafuyu: Yes... I sort of wish that they'd never melt away.
Shizuku: (Oh...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (The expression she just made. It's like the other day...)
Mafuyu's Classmate: Mafuyu! Let's start eating! I'm starving!
Mafuyu: Okay, be right there!
Mafuyu: See you later, Hinomori.
Shizuku: Yes, of course! See you again during archery club.
Shizuku: (I wonder if I helped her in the end.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
KAITO: <If you do wish to help her, it might be good to actually say that.>
(White cut)
KAITO: <There's no way for idols to know exactly what their fans are feeling or going through, but you can tell them that they have your support...>
KAITO: <That sort of kindness can do wonders for a person in need.>
(White cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: So, if there is something bothering you, I'd like for you to talk to me about it.
Shizuku: You saved me once before, Asahina. Now it's my turn to help you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (I don't know what I can do right now, but my feelings haven't changed...)
Shizuku: (So... Maybe someday...)
Shizuku: I should return to Airi.
Shizuku: Airi! Thank you for waiting!
(Black cut)
