589_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Graduating To Independence (event_85)

Gacha phrase: I think she respects me a little more.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: The script says that we're going to introduce ourselves and give a brief overview of what happened during our solo show...
Shizuku: Then, we'll mention how our fans helped make our stage outfits...
Shizuku: I hope I'll be okay for that part...
Shizuku: (When I was still in Cheerful * Days, all I did was say what the scripts I was given told me to...)
Shizuku: (But I need to use my own words to tell the viewers what happened during this shoot.)
Shizuku: In particular, those who haven't seen our streams may still see me as the “perfect” Shizuku Hinomori from Cheerful * Days.
Shizuku: I hope I have time to touch on that a little when I introduce myself...
Shizuku: No, we've made our decision, so nothing will come of worrying like this.
Shizuku: I need to do what I can to tell everyone about MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: (Also...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (For the sake of Arisa and everyone else who will be appearing alongside us, I...)
Shiho: Shizuku, the bath's ready. Do you want first dibs?
Shizuku: Oh, Shii. Um... Why don't you go first?
Shiho: Are you sure? Well, if you say so...
Shiho: Were you going over the script just now...?
Shizuku: Yes, since our shoot is just around the corner.
Shiho: Hmm... I see.
Shiho: And I assume... Someone who you don't exactly see eye to eye with is also gonna be there?
Shizuku: What...?
Shizuku: Hehe. How did you know, Shii...?
Shizuku: I can't say much since it hasn't aired yet, but some people from Cheerful * Days are going to be there... People who I caused quite a bit of trouble.
Shizuku: For their sake, I was trying to motivate myself to absolutely make sure that our shoot goes well.
Shiho: I see...
Shiho: I'm not really in a position to really say anything, but I think you'll be fine. Besides, Momoi and the others are gonna be there with you too.
Shizuku: Oh, Shii, that's so sweet of you! I feel much better already...!
Shizuku: Oh no...! Shii, why are you running away?
Shiho: Because I don't want you invading my personal space.
Shizuku: But...
Shiho: Don't give me that look.
Shiho: Anyway, I'm gonna go take my bath...
Shizuku: Oh, Shii, wait.
Shiho: No means no.
Shizuku: It's not that. Yes, it's unfortunate that you're not letting me hug you...
Shizuku: So, instead, I'd like to make a quick declaration of my intentions...
Shiho: A declaration of your intentions?
Shizuku: Yes.
Shizuku: You mentioned how I'll be surrounded by friends during the day of...
Shizuku: But my goal is to do my best to stand under my own power.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: They all did so much for me, so I'd like to give back to them somehow.
Shizuku: So, I'm going to do my best to make our appearance as entertaining as possible by telling my story using my own words.
Shiho: Nice. I like that. So, does that mean you have a plan ready?
Shizuku: Well... I certainly feel ready to make what I said a reality.
Shiho: That should be more than enough.
Shiho: You seem to really want to do this and it's your decision, so I say go for it. Have confidence in yourself.
Shizuku: ...!
Shizuku: Yes, you're right...! Thank you, Shii.
Shiho: You're welcome. Anyway, I'm gonna go take my bath.
Shizuku: Thank you so much, Shii. I promise to do my best while having confidence in my decision.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Shizuku: Thank you all for joining us for another MORE MORE JUMP! livestream!
Comments: <Finally! Hi, Shizuku!> <Hello!> <Congrats on your TV appearance!>
Haruka: Oh, it sounds like some of your fans want to jump right in with our TV appearance.
Airi: Yeah! Who here saw us on idol Hazard?
Comments: <I did! It was so awesome!> <I was cracking up because you were such a nervous wreck, Minori.> <I learned about your streams on iHaz!>
Minori: Wow! So many comments! They really saw us on TV!
Shizuku: And some seem to be watching for the first time after seeing us on iHaz. Thank you all for joining us. We really appreciate it.
Comments: <Yeah, there's way more people here than usual today.> <Welcome newbies!> <MMJ's the best...>
Shizuku: Also, we'd like to thank everyone who sent us messages and such after it aired.
Shizuku: So, for today's stream, we'll be discussing what happened on iHaz.
Minori: That's right! We're calling this the “Top Secret iHaz Talk Show☆”!!!
Shizuku, Airi & Haruka: Yay♪
Comments: <Oh, does that mean we get to hear what happened behind the scenes?> <Cool! Tell us more!>
Airi: Why don't we start by asking Minori how things went after stuffing her face with snacks in the green room and tensing up way too much during the shoot?
Minori: A-Airi...! They don't need to know about what I ate!
Comments: <She stuffed her face lol.> <That's Minori for you! What did they serve?> <Yeah, tell us!>
Minori: Oh, you guys wanna know? Then, I'll describe the green room while talking more about how the shoot went!
(Black cut)
Minori: As a result, I froze up a few times... But I talked it over with Haruka afterwards, so I promise to do better next time!
Shizuku: Thank you, Minori... Next...
Comments: <Your turn, Shizuku!> <How'd it go for you, Shizuku?>
Haruka: Oh, Shizuku, they want to hear from you.
Airi: You did receive a huge wave of support after it aired, so it makes sense that they want to hear what you have to say about what happened.
Airi: So, mind going next for us?
Shizuku: No, I don't mind.
Shizuku: How did it go...? To summarize briefly, I was very nervous the entire time...
Comments: <Wait, you were too?> <Yeah. After all, Cheerful * Days was there.> <Totally understandable. I was really afraid of what Arisa was gonna say.>
Shizuku: As I mentioned during our shoot, I was given a script each time I made an appearance when I was still in Cheerful * Days.
Shizuku: And the others would dive in to rescue me whenever I had to go off-script...
Shizuku: Again, I ended up being a terrible lead.
Airi: Shizuku...
Shizuku: However, that's why I felt motivated to do my best for this.
Shizuku: I didn't want to depend on a script or use my friends as a crutch.
Shizuku: I wanted to show Arisa, the others and everybody watching that I've grown as an idol and can stand on my own now.
Shizuku: And to say, “Thank you.”
Comments: <We heard you loud and clear, Shizuku!> <Seeing you on TV made me so happy to be your fan!> <I promise to follow you forever!>
Shizuku: All of you...
Shizuku: Thank you very much.
(Black cut)
Minori: Our stream went really well today!
Haruka: It was our first one after appearing on TV. Still, it was nice to see so many new people joining us for the first time.
Airi: And we got a ton of new subscribers. That means our archived streams should get even more views...
Airi: Oh...
Shizuku: Airi...? Is something wrong?
Airi: This comment... I think it's a message for you, Shizuku.
Shizuku: What?
Comments: <Dear Shizuku...>
Comments: <I was a huge admirer of the mysterious and perfect version of you from when you were still with Cheerful * Days.>
Comments: <Which is why I had trouble accepting the MORE MORE JUMP! version of you... I actually stopped being your fan for a while.>
Comments: <But what you said on iHaz made me realize that you're still that person I admired so much.>
Comments: <I'm sorry for losing faith in you and even hating you for a bit. But, I hope you'll welcome me back as your fan.>
Shizuku: ...
Minori: Th-This comment... I'm starting to tear up...! I'm so happy for you, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Thank you...
Shizuku: (What I said... How I really feel... They really heard me...)
Shizuku: (There may be others who felt the same thing as this person...)
Shizuku: (But if I can keep reaching out to them one by one, I may be able to help them heal.)
Shizuku: (Which means I need to make each word I say count moving forward.)
Shizuku: (For the sake of my old fans, as well as those who've accepted me as a member of MORE MORE JUMP!)
(Black cut)
