632_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Energetic On Location! (event_92)

Gacha phrase: My, what a lovely potato.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

Shizuku & Airi: Thank you very much!
Airi: *Sigh* We can check off the meeting for that radio program now.
Shizuku: The producer seemed like such a nice person too. They did a wonderful job of explaining everything and answered our questions thoroughly.
Airi: Yeah, we have a much better idea of what they want us to do and how we need to prepare for it now.
Airi: Speaking of which, do you have notes ready for Haruka and Minori?
Shizuku: Yes, they're ready. I'm glad we split the work by having you talk and me jotting everything down.
Shizuku: Oh, but I would like you to take a look at them later to make sure I didn't miss anything.
Airi: Sure thing... Hmm... Next, we're supposed to have a meeting at a cafe with the people from that magazine...
Airi: We're probably gonna get there pretty early now, but we could look those over while we wait...
Airi: Oh...
Shizuku: Is something the matter, Airi?
Airi: No, um... It's just... That Japanese confectionary shop caught my eye...
Shizuku: Let's see... “Adorable animal confections now on sale”...?
Shizuku: Oh, wow! Airi, look...! They have cats, dogs, rabbits and all these other little animals! How cute!
Airi: Yeah, I can see that. I see them, but... We still have work to do. We don't really have time for this right now.
Airi: So, we're not going... That's just that.
Shizuku: Airi...
Shizuku: (She looks so eager to go...)
Shizuku: Um, Airi? Didn't you just say that we'd have a lot of time on our hands if we went over to the cafe now?
Airi: Well, yes...
Shizuku: And wouldn't it be better to look over my notes now as opposed to after we got to the cafe?
Airi: T-True...
Shizuku: See? So, why don't we stop by this shop? They even seem to have a seated porch area that looks very nice.
Airi: Grr... I was trying to resist that temptation...
Airi: Thanks, Shizuku. Then, let's look through your notes over some Japanese sweets.
Shizuku: Great!
(Black cut)
Waiter: Thank you for your patience. Here is your matcha and sweets set.
Airi: Thank you very much.
Shizuku: Oh, Airi, the kitten manju you got looks so cute.
Airi: I know, right? After I saw those little round eyes looking at me, I couldn't not order it!
Airi: But it needs to be eaten... Oh no, I'm becoming more attached to it by the second.
Shizuku: Hehe. You did spend quite a long time deciding which one to get.
Airi: Yeah... But the rabbit daifuku you got's also really cute, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Yes, I particularly like how the mochi really makes it look like a fluffy rabbit. The red eyes are also a wonderful touch.
Shizuku & Airi: ...
Airi: Aren't you gonna eat yours, Shizuku...?
Shizuku: I could ask you the same thing, Airi...
Airi: Then, we've just gotta do it...! Hiya!
Shizuku: Oh no...! Your cat's face! It's been split in half...!
Airi: Nom... Mmm... Sho good!
Shizuku: Then, I'll... I'm so sorry, Mr. Rabbit... Forgive me...!
Shizuku: Mmm...! This rabbit's so delicious!
Airi: Don't say that! Say you're eating a daifuku! Imagine if someone heard you saying that out of context!
Shizuku: Hehe. Yes, you're right.
Shizuku: Still, I didn't realize you could turn Japanese sweets into such cute animals...
Airi: Yeah, and a huge variety of them too. What else was there...? Bears, chickens and...
Shizuku: Pandas...and penguins. Hehe. I'm sure Haruka would've chosen that one if she were here.
Airi: Definitely! Oh, what about Minori? A dog? But it was a Shiba... Would she not choose it since it's not a Samoyed?
Shizuku: Hmm... I wish she could've been here with us. Then we would know.
Airi: But she probably has class right about now...
Shizuku: It's a little lonely without the others...
Airi: Yeah...
Shizuku: Um, Airi...? How would you feel about us buying some souvenirs for them?
Airi: Huh...?
Shizuku: The next time we see them, we can give them some sweets along with our notes.
Shizuku: We could say that you spotted this Japanese confectionary shop when we were on our way to a meeting...
Shizuku: And how we began wondering which animals they would've chosen if they were also there.
Shizuku: Telling them about not just work but also what we discovered and talked about would help include them and remedy this feeling of loneliness.
Airi: I agree. I'm sure they also feel a little guilty about not being able to work because of school...
Airi: Having some of these adorable sweets should help cheer them up.
Shizuku: Exactly!
Airi: Hehe. Then, let's buy some that we think they'll really enjoy on our way back.
Airi: But first, we're taking a look at those notes you just took!
Shizuku: Okay♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Airi: Shizuku, do you remember our schedule for today?
Shizuku: Yes, we have that meeting in the afternoon. When did you want to leave school?
Airi: Well, we can leave after our next class ends... That should give us plenty of time to get to where we're going.
Shizuku: Okay. Thank you, Airi.
Airi: Hm? An email...? Oh, it's from the producer of that show we were just on.
Airi: “They want to introduce us to the director of another show over lunch?” That's great! Let's see, what day would be good...?
Shizuku: I'm sorry for making you do all the scheduling for us, Airi...
Airi: Huh? No, that's totally fine. I like doing this sort of stuff, so it seems best for me to handle it.
Airi: I mean, Shizuku, you've been helping plenty by taking minutes for our meetings and sharing them with everyone.
Shizuku: Right...
Shizuku: (As much as I appreciate Airi saying that...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: I'm sorry for being late! My other shoot went on longer than I was expecting.
Group Members: How many times is that now...? I thought you asked the manager to keep this from happening.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Group Members: Shizuku, is it true that you're not gonna be in our next show...?
Shizuku: I'm so sorry... It just happens to conflict with this live broadcast I'll be doing...
Shizuku: As much as I want to prioritize our shows, they told me that they couldn't make any casting changes after they set this date.
Group Members: We get that work is work. Still...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (I can't keep asking Airi to do everything...)
Shizuku: (I want to do more for us.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: *Sigh* I'm finished with all of my homework...
Shizuku: Next, I need to work on this.
Shizuku: I'm glad I found this book on how to put schedules together better...
Shizuku: Let's see... “My First Schedule”... Step 1: The Basics...
Shizuku: “1. Make a complete list of all of your tasks. 2. Prioritize the most important ones or those that will take the most time...”
Shizuku: (When I was still in Cheerful * Days, I never gave any of this much thought and left the manager to take care of everything...)
Shizuku: (But I want to take this opportunity to learn how to put plans together and manage my time better.)
Shizuku: Don't have too tight a schedule, and leave enough time between engagements since some will last longer than expected and unforeseen problems can come up...
Shizuku: Leaving afternoons open is another trick for securing dedicated work or prep time, which can also be used to answer any sudden offers or requests...
Shizuku: And this chapter goes into actually putting these ideas into practice... Starting by “writing down all of your plans for this week”...
Shizuku: Hehe. For this, I can just use the schedule Airi put together for us...
Shizuku: Oh, wait... That would be the same as looking at the answers in the back of a textbook...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Stage SEKAI]

Rin: Hey, it's Shizuku.
KAITO: What brings you here today? It's a bit late...
Shizuku: There's something I'd like to ask you, KAITO.
KAITO: Ask me?
KAITO: I see. How to practice making schedules...
Shizuku: I tried learning what I could from a book and was going to practice making my own schedule...
Shizuku: But I've been having a little trouble since I've already seen the one Airi made for us...
Len: Yeah, you already know how the finished product looks, so it's probably hard to keep it out of your mind while you work on your own...
Shizuku: Exactly...
Shizuku: That's why I was hoping to ask you all about your plans and practice making a schedule with KAITO here since he's a seasoned manager.
KAITO: Hehe. I suppose I am the one to ask in this situation.
KAITO: Well, we're actually right in the middle of preparing for a show Miku and the others are going to put on, so why don't we try thinking about the schedule for that?
Shizuku: Really? Thank you so much!
Miku (MMJ): KAITO, you wanted to speak with us?
MEIKO: Oh, Shizuku, I didn't know you were here. Welcome♪
Luka: What is it that you'd like to discuss with us?
Shizuku: I was just asking KAITO about how to become better at putting schedules together.
Rin: And they wanna try putting one together based on the show you're about to do♪
Len: I'd like to give it a try as well. I sorta feel bad about always making you do all that stuff for us, KAITO...
Rin: Then, I wanna learn too! It'd be great to know how to put together better practice schedules for myself.
KAITO: I don't mind. What do you say, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes, you're welcome to join us.
KAITO: There are several things that I'd like to go over about your show, so could you all stick around for a bit as well?
Miku (MMJ): Of course♪
KAITO: Then, let's begin by listing the things that we still need to do for the show.
KAITO: Actually, why don't we all give that a try on our own? Here, we can make lists using these sheets of paper.
Shizuku, Len & Rin: Okay! Sure. Yeah♪
Luka: Good luck, everyone♪
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you, Luka.
Shizuku: (I need to learn as much as I can so that I'll be able to help Airi and the others more...)
(Black cut)
