667_Shizuku Hinomori_R3 Lunch Break Study Session (event_98)

Gacha phrase: So that's how you solve it...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D]

Shizuku: *Sigh* We made it back in time for afternoon classes.
Airi: Yeah, I wasn't sure we would since the meeting ended up being pretty long, but the TV studio was kind enough to call a taxi for us.
Airi: And...I think we have just enough time to eat lunch. Let's go grab something to eat, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Oh, Airi, I'm really sorry, but I still need to finish up the homework for our next class...
Shizuku: Please, go on ahead without me.
Airi: You sure? Do you think you'll be able to finish it on your own?
Shizuku: Yes. It wouldn't mean much if I couldn't, so I'll do my best.
Airi: Okay. Then, I'll get some bread for you if they have any left.
Shizuku: Thank you so much, Airi!
Airi: Alright, good luck!
Shizuku: Okay!
Shizuku: (I only have three problems left. I should be able to finish them in time if I focus...)
Shizuku: (For this problem, I should probably draw a graph. Let's see...)
Shizuku: (This looks correct, but the formula doesn't seem to quite match for some reason...)
Classmate: Hi, Hinomori. Morning... Oh, I guess it's already good afternoon, huh?
Shizuku: Hello, Fukami. Are you also just coming back from work?
Fukami: Yeah, we shot two episodes starting at five in the morning.
Shizuku: Oh, that's so early. Was it far away?
Fukami: Yeah, two hours by car! I slept like a baby on the bus, there and back.
Fukami: Hm...? Oh, you're doing that problem... It was definitely the trickiest one from our last homework assignment.
Shizuku: Yes, I'm having some trouble solving it...
Fukami: ...
Fukami: Then, I can show you how to do it if you let me see your English notes from yesterday in return.
Shizuku: Huh...? That's really kind of you to offer...
Shizuku: But weren't you in English class yesterday?
Fukami: Yeah, but I wasn't listening at all. I was working on a survey for a show instead...
Fukami: So, quid pro quo!
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you. This problem really had me stuck.
Fukami: Alright, we have a deal! Can you tell me where you're stuck?
Shizuku: So, I think it has to do with this formula...
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Thank you for helping me solve that, Fukami. I really appreciate it.
Fukami: And I'm all done copying your notes! You're a lifesaver!
Shizuku: (Come to think of it, when was the last time I spoke to Fukami like this...?)
Shizuku: (Actually, I could say the same for most of my classmates...)
Shizuku: (We all lead very busy lives. Even when we are given a break, we usually don't have time to talk since we have homework or other business to take care of...)
Shizuku: (But that's not a very good excuse, is it...?)
Shizuku: (I should try to get to know my classmates better the way Minori and Haruka have been...)
Fukami: Anyway, I'm gonna head back to my seat.
Shizuku: Oh...
Shizuku: F-Fukami...!
Airi: Shizuku! They still had some rice balls and sandwiches left over!
Shizuku: Thank you very much, Airi!
Shizuku: Um, so... How would you feel about the three of us having lunch together...?
Fukami: Huh...? Three? Including me?
Airi: I'm fine with that.
Airi: Did you bring a lunch, Fukami? If not, please feel free to take a rice ball or sandwich.
Fukami: Oh...
Fukami: Hehe. I actually brought back a boxed lunch from my shoot. In fact, how about I share some of my stuff?
Shizuku: Oh, are you sure? You're so generous.
Airi: Alright, let's put our desks together!
Shizuku: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: I'll start pushing now, Shizuku. One, two, three, four...
Shizuku: *Sigh*
Shizuku: Thank you, Airi. I'll push you next.
Minori: Morning, Airi, Shizuku!
Haruka: Morning.
Minori: You gotta hear this! Yesterday, after school...!!!
Airi: Wow, that's so sweet of Saki and them...
Haruka: We all had a lot of fun.
Shizuku: (That explains why Shii came home a little late yesterday. She was hanging out with Minori and her friends...)
Shizuku: Minori, Haruka... Can you tell us more about what you all did?
Minori: Sure. First, we went to a diner and...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shiho's Voice (Shiho): Shizuku, the bath's ready.
Shizuku: Okay.
Shizuku: Oh, that reminds me... Shii, do you have a minute to talk?
Shiho: Sure, what's up...?
Shizuku: Nothing serious. I heard about how you hung out with Minori and the others yesterday.
Shiho: Oh, that? It was all Saki's idea.
Shiho: I did sorta help pick out our surprise gifts for them...
Shiho: But other than that, I didn't do much.
Shizuku: I think you helped plenty.
Shizuku: Minori had the biggest smile when she was telling us about it.
Shizuku: Just listening to her tell that story made us happy too. In fact, our morning practice sort of turned into just us chatting about it...
Shiho: It made you happy...?
Shizuku: We... Actually, Airi in particular was very worried about Minori.
Shizuku: Her concern was that Minori and her friends would begin drifting apart since she won't be able to spend as much time with them after switching to the credit-based course...
Shiho: Minori seemed pretty worried about that too...
Shizuku: I know... But she mentioned how you and Kohane gave her the courage to go through with it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: Still, if I were in your position, I'd probably choose the credit-based course.
Minori: What...?
Shiho: Yes, I wouldn't be able to see my friends as much, but we don't necessarily have to talk at school and stuff.
Shiho: I may be busy working, but we could always set aside time to meet or hang out.
Shiho: And if going credit-based made it easier for me to make my dream come true, then I'd absolutely choose that option.
Kohane: I agree...
(White cut)
Kohane: We might not be able to have lunch together or talk like this as much...
Kohane: But your dream is to spread hope to as many people as you can as an idol... I really want that to happen.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shiho: All I did was tell her how I felt...
Shizuku: Hehe. That's one of your best qualities, Shii.
Shizuku: But are you okay with all this...?
Shiho: Huh?
Shizuku: Minori's your dear friend, no? She means a lot to you.
Shizuku: Are you sure you're not going to feel sad or lonely after she makes the switch...?
Shiho: Well, I will a little...
Shiho: But Minori has her dream. I want to give her all the support I can in that, and so does Kohane.
Shiho: Also, there isn't much point in worrying about us drifting apart when there's no way to know if it'll even happen.
Shizuku: Yes, I agree...
Shizuku: Thank you so much for giving my groupmate the encouragement she needed, Shii.
Shiho: You're welcome...
(Black cut)
