673_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Unseasonable Snowfall (event_99)

Gacha phrase: I hope they notice...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom]

Teacher: That's it in terms of the explanations for each activity. I want you to all have fun, but also to behave yourselves.
Students: We will!
Shizuku: I'm looking forward to the tour of Kiyomizu-dera Temple, but there are so many other things to see in that area.
Mafuyu: Yes, there are. I'm interested in seeing what kinds of souvenir shops there are along the streets leading up to the temple. Gojo-zaka and Sannen-zaka in particular are very famous, so I'm looking forward to walking up them.
Airi: Same here. Especially Sannen-zaka since I think it appeared in that school play.
Shizuku: Oh, are you talking about the one with the tengu?
Mafuyu: I remember that one as well. But I didn't realize it took place in Kyoto.
Airi: I was under that impression because a tengu appeared in it. Did I misunderstand?
Mafuyu: I'm not sure... It could be fun to read up on some of these things before actually going there.
Shizuku: I agree.
Shizuku: I've been there a few times before for work, but I rarely ever got to do any sightseeing. I'm looking forward to this trip so much.
Airi: Then, we should do our homework before we go. There's gotta be some good food waiting for us, including sweets!
Mafuyu: Sweets... There must be quite a few shops that have been in business for a very long time. It will be hard to pick from them.
Airi: Hehehe. Leave that to me. I'm pretty good at finding delicious spots!
Airi: Oh, sorry... I'm taking it for granted that we'll also be spending our free time in the afternoon together.
Shizuku: I'd like to do that... Do you plan on rejoining your classmates in the afternoon, Asahina?
Mafuyu: I was thinking about doing that, but I won't be with them for the first day so as to not waste time.
Mafuyu: So, if it's alright, I'd like to spend the afternoon with the both of you.
Shizuku: Yes, of course! This is so wonderful!
Airi: Yeah, we're happy to have you!
Airi: Then, let's keep discussing what we're gonna see and where we wanna visit!
Shizuku & Mafuyu: Yes! Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: See you later!
Mafuyu: Please feel free to stop by the archery club whenever you have time.
Airi: Alright, we should head back to our classroom.
Shizuku: Right.
Airi: Hehe. Shizuku, you were grinning the whole time we were talking to Asahina.
Shizuku: I wasn't expecting that we'd get to go sightseeing together since we're in different classes.
Airi: I mean, it's sort of a miracle that we get to go on the school trip at all.
Shizuku: Yes. So, Airi, we need to have as much fun as we can.
Shizuku: (That includes making as many memories as we can with Asahina...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: Then, let's have another contest sometime.
Shizuku: What?
Mafuyu: This one ended in a draw...
Mafuyu: But I'll win next time.
Shizuku: Yes, let's...! And I promise to do my best then!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (This may be another chance for me to get to know Asahina better...)
Shizuku: Hehe...
Airi: (She must be thinking about Asahina again. She really is an open book.)
Airi: Oh, also... We should think about what we're gonna get everyone.
Shizuku: Yes, souvenirs! Something for Shii, something for Minori and Haruka and something for Miku and everyone...
Airi: We can think of what to get Minori and the others together. The rest can be up to each of us.
Airi: I'm also thinking about getting Saki and Emu something.
Shizuku: Oh, I'm sure they'll really appreciate that! We should try to see what kinds of souvenir shops there are around the city.
Airi: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: Okay, these are for Minori and Haruka. These are for Miku and the others, and—
Shiho's Voice (Shiho): Shizuku, I'm here.
Shizuku: Shii, come in!
Shizuku: Thank you for stopping by. I was just dividing up all the gifts I got for everyone...
Shiho: That's fine. You said you have something for me?
Shizuku: Hehe. Yes, here's your souvenir.
Shiho: Huh? I thought the okaki crackers in the living room were your souvenir for us.
Shizuku: Yes, for the whole family. This is just for you, Shii. So, here.
Shiho: Oh, are these...comfits? Wow, they look like little stars. And they twinkle...
Shizuku: Yes, I know! They do that apparently because they're more transparent than regular comfits.
Shizuku: Please share them with Honami and the others if you get a chance.
Shiho: Okay, I will. Thanks for getting me these, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Hehe. You're welcome.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Stage SEKAI]

Shizuku: Hello.
Miku (MMJ): Welcome, everyone!
KAITO: Ah, Shizuku, Airi, you're both back from your trip.
Airi: Yeah, we just got back yesterday.
Shizuku: And we brought quite a few souvenirs back. We'd like to give you your gifts now if possible.
Rin: Oh, you got us gifts...?!
MEIKO: From Kyoto of all places. I'm looking forward to hearing all about what you did.
Airi: Then, let's hand these out before we start practicing!
Airi: Let's see... These are from the both of us for all of you! It's this shop's most popular item, mutsuhashi!
Miku (MMJ): Thank you, Airi, Shizuku♪
Shizuku: We have some for you two as well, Minori, Haruka.
Minori: Oh, mutsuhashi!
Haruka: These have red bean paste in them... And oh, these ones don't have any filling at all?
Shizuku: Yes, we were surprised as well. That's why we decided to get them. We also found these...
Minori: Grapefruit-flavored mutsuhashi gummies...?
Len: The grapefruit part sounds good, but did they really have to turn them into gummies...?
Luka: I think it's a nice twist. Do you know what they taste like?
Airi: Dunno. Shizuku said they were good after trying them, so I'm sure they taste okay...
Shizuku: We still have quite a few things to give out. Next, we have...
Shizuku: Oh, Haruka, this is for you!
Haruka: Wait, did you get something for each of us?
Shizuku: Hehe. Shii had the same reaction when she received her gift last night.
Shizuku: When we were in the shop, we saw all sorts of things that we thought each of you might like.
Airi: Exactly. It would be harder to narrow it down to just one thing, so that's why we got something different for each person.
Shizuku: So, here. We thought you'd really enjoy these when we saw them, Haruka.
Haruka: Wow, crystal candy... These are beautiful.
Miku (MMJ): Yeah, they look like ice...!
Airi: Oh, Miku, thanks for bringing up a good point!
Airi: We thought these looked like ice from Antarctica at first! Which is why we also got you these!
Haruka: Wait, penguins...? Are these candy sculptures...?
Minori: It's a momma and her baby! That's so cute!
Shizuku: This shop lets customers ask for whatever animals they like to be made on demand.
Airi: Yeah, it was pretty cool since you also got to watch them being made! And they only had a few seconds to sculpt them before the candy solidified!
Haruka: Shizuku, Airi, thank you very much for getting me these.
Haruka: I think I'll make a little diorama with the crystal candy and penguins when I get home. And I'll take some pictures of them while I'm at it.
Rin: Oh, I bet that's gonna look so cute♪
KAITO: Yes, I hope you'll share them with us later.
Haruka: Then, I'll show you all next time.
Minori: Haruka got such a great gift... So, um... Does this mean you also have something for...?
Shizuku: Of course we do. Right, Airi?
Airi: Yup! We actually got your gift at the same shop, Minori! You won't believe what they made!
Minori: Oh, lemme guess! Haruka got penguins, so... I know! Samo in candy form!
Shizuku: Oh...
Minori: Huh...?
Len: Haha. Did she guess right...?
Airi: You're next, Miku! These are for you!
Minori: No, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to ruin your surprise! Can I still have my gift...? Please...!
Airi: *Sigh* Be glad this isn't a TV shoot because you would've just ruined the entire segment! Anyway, here's Samo!
Minori: Wow! Thank you! Thank you both so much!
Shizuku: But I doubt you'll be able to guess the other thing we got you.
Minori: Huh? What other thing?
Airi: Ta-daaa...! It's kintaro candy of your face!
Rin: Wait, whoa! All of these little slices have Minori on them!
Shizuku: They made it based on a drawing Airi made of you, Minori.
Shizuku: We couldn't believe the result since we weren't quite sure how accurately they'd follow the drawing.
Airi: Yeah, talk about craftsmanship!
MEIKO: Oh, Minori♪ Mind smiling the same way for us as the candy version of you?
Minori: Okay! Uhh... Like this?
Haruka: Hehe. I can't tell you two apart.
Miku & Co.: Hehe. Haha!
Shizuku: Haruka and Minori both seem to really like what we got for them.
Airi: Yeah, it was definitely worth the time and effort.
(Black cut)
