731_Shizuku Hinomori_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Emu Otori)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Shizuku: I'm glad we made it back in time for afternoon classes.
Airi: Me too. I had a feeling that today's shoot would drag on a bit, so I wasn't sure if we'd actually make it.
New First-Year A: Hey, which clubs are you guys gonna visit today?
New First-Year B: Today? I'm gonna visit the volleyball club!
New First-Year C: The brass band for me.
Shizuku: Oh, aren't they all first-years...?
Airi: They're already visiting clubs. That's so cute.
Shizuku: Yeah.
Shizuku: We got used to things pretty quickly since it's not like much had changed for us...
Shizuku: But I'm sure they're excited about experiencing new things and what lies ahead.
Airi: Yeah. The ones who were newly admitted to high school are probably busy making new friends.
Airi: But that can also be tough because of how this school also has a junior high attached to it. Not all groups and cliques are that welcoming.
Shizuku: Oh, doesn't that also apply to second-years...?
Airi: To second-years?
Shizuku: Yes... You may already be acquainted with some people in your new class...
Shizuku: But everyone's usually formed groups or circles based on their clubs and such by that point.
Airi: Yeah, not everyone's friends with each other. I see what you mean by it's sorta the same thing for second-years.
Airi: Shizuku...?
Airi: Are you worried about Shiho...?
Shizuku: Oh, um... Yes, a little...
Shizuku: She's become such good friends with Minori and Kohane, but Minori's now credit-based and Kohane's also in a different class...
Airi: You wouldn't expect them to be friends at first glance, but they got along really well.
Shizuku: Exactly...
Shizuku: I'm sure Shii will be fine since she and her classmates seemed to have fun during the School Festival. Still...
Airi: Then, why don't we go take a peek at how she's doing?
Shizuku: What...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 2-B]

Shizuku: ...!
(Background change)
Airi: Is Shiho there, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes! She's with Saki and a few others!
Airi: Lemme see... Oh, she's in the same class as Emu.
Airi: She should be fine if she gets to be classmates with those two.
(Background change)
(Background change)
Shizuku: Hehe. They seem to be having fun.
Airi: I'm glad for you, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Right!
Shizuku: But it would be nice to know what they're talking about.
Shizuku: If I listen a little more closely, maybe I can... Oh!
Airi: Hm...?
Shiho: Shizuku, what are you doing here? Wait, Momoi, you're here too...?
Shizuku: Sh-Shii...!
Airi: There's the bell! We gotta run, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Right! Sorry, Shii!
Shiho: Huh?! Hey, wait...!
Shiho: *Sigh* Seriously, what was she doing with Momoi just now...?
(Black cut)
Shizuku: I'm sorry, Airi. I didn't mean to get caught while looking...
Airi: To be fair, it isn't nice to eavesdrop.
Airi: At the same time, it's natural for you to be worried about your little sister. Just make sure to explain everything later, okay?
Shizuku: Okay, I will.
Shizuku: Thank you for coming with me, Airi.
Airi: Hehe. If I hadn't gone with you, I'm sure you wouldn't have even found her classroom.
Shizuku: What? No, that's... Probably true...
Airi: See?
Shizuku & Airi: Hehe. Haha.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 3-E]

Teacher: Alright, let's start choosing our committees.
Teacher: I know work keeps you all very busy, but these committees provide a valuable opportunity for you to interact with your juniors.
Teacher: I would like to see you all do that during your third and final year here.
Shizuku: (What should I do...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: Wait, Airi, you're not going to be on any committees?
Airi: Yeah. I'm thinking that I shouldn't if I don't have to.
Haruka: Because of work?
Airi: There's that. But I also want to spend what time I can at my club.
Minori: Oh, right...
Airi: I understand that it's important to be an active participant at school, but I believe we're all free to enjoy our life as students however we like.
Airi: Speaking of which, Minori, you're staying on the animal caretaker committee, right?
Minori: Yeah, but I plan on having the other committee members fill in for me whenever I'm gone for work.
Haruka: The teacher even said to not cause your fellow committee members too much trouble when you went over to ask about this.
Shizuku: Oh, I see. You're showing so much initiative, Minori.
Minori: Hehe.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (Being on the cleanup committee had been a lot of fun. If possible, I'd like to at least continue being a part of some committee.)
Shizuku: (I just hope that I can make the same arrangement as Minori and not cause the other members too much trouble...)
Shizuku: (The library committee... No, that involves lending out books during lunch and helping keep all the shelves sorted.)
Shizuku: (I should be able to make the cleanup committee work since I somehow managed last year...)
Shizuku: (But this could also be my chance to be on a different committee...)
Shizuku: Um, excuse me... I have a question.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school]

[Rooftop]

Haruka: Really? You're going to be on the health committee, Shizuku?
Minori: The health committee... So, does that mean you're going to help students get to the nurse when they're not feeling well?
Shizuku: Yes. I'll also be responsible for refilling the soap around the sinks and helping take measurements during checkups.
Shizuku: I was somewhat interested in joining the broadcasting committee or being a class representative, but I wanted to join a committee that I'm more certain I can make the time for.
Haruka: Which is why you chose the health committee. I actually think it suits you the most, Shizuku.
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: Anyone who's not feeling well is gonna immediately feel better after you rub their back and tell them that they're gonna be okay!
Airi: Hmm... You sure about that...?
Minori: I'm certain! I mean, just think about it!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Classmate: I'm sorry... I don't feel so good...
Teacher: Oh dear. Would any health committee members mind taking their classmate over to see the nurse?
Shizuku: I can go.
Shizuku: How are you feeling? Do you feel nauseous at all...?
Classmate: I'm okay for now...
Classmate: Oh...
Shizuku: I'll take you to the nurse. Can you stand? It's okay, take your time.
Classmate: O-Okay...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Minori: Right?! See what I mean?!
Airi: Yeah.
Airi: But people who aren't used to being pampered by someone so beautiful might just pass out.
Haruka: P-Pass out...?
Shizuku: I'm not sure about that...
Shizuku: But as a member of the health committee, I don't mind staying with a person for as long as they need if it means them feeling better in the end.
(Black cut)
