779_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 By The Hand, To A Dream (event_111)

Gacha phrase: Let's make our dreams come true, together!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: (Phew. I'm all set for the shoot two days from now.)
Shizuku: (I still have some time before I need to go to bed, so I think I'll check over what we'll be doing again. The schedule should be in my bag somewhere—)
Shizuku: Huh? A message from Airi in the group chat?
Shizuku: Let's see... I just need to press here and...
Airi's Message (Airi): <Hey, everyone! Here's our new schedule. We can take a look at it tomorrow.>
Shizuku: Oh, that was quick! Thank you so much, Airi.
Shizuku: (We agreed to start going over them together to prevent a repeat of what happened the other day...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saito: Oh, it's just... About what you have planned for Friday on this week here...
Saito: This meeting for FluffTalk is scheduled to end not long before your interview with LoVE IDoL is supposed to begin.
Saito: You're supposed to meet in Akasaka for FluffTalk, but Yokohama for LoVE IDoL... Will you be able to make it to this interview in time?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (Thank goodness Saito caught that. If she didn't, something terrible may've happened.)
Shizuku: Still...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: Saito seemed like she was hurting somehow...
Shizuku: (She was acting cheerfully, but I'm worried that something's really bothering her...)
Shizuku: (I'd like to be there for her if I can.)
Shizuku: (Especially since Saito's been such a huge source of support for us up to this point.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saito: I see... A better way for the four of you to manage your schedule.
Airi: Yeah. As grateful as we are about receiving all these offers, it's been getting harder and harder for us to stay on top of everything.
Airi: Which is why we were wondering if there was a better way.
Saito: Right...
Saito: Oh, there's actually an app that I really recommend!
Haruka: An app?
Saito: Yes, it's this... It has a user-friendly design, and it makes it easy to share updates with each other.
Haruka: Interesting... Yeah, it does have a nice interface. It's good how you can switch the calendar between days and months in an instant.
Airi: You can even see who made changes to what.
Saito: Personally, I think the best thing about this app is how it lets you customize everything however you like.
Saito: For example, you can place a stamp on a calendar item, like this...
Minori: Wow, that's so cute! It has a cat stamp on it now!
Shizuku: And there are so many other stamps. This way, you can get an idea of what kind of plan it is just by looking at the stamp.
Saito: Hehe. I'm glad you're all showing so much interest. Please give it a try. I should also be able to answer any questions that come up.
Airi: Thanks, we really appreciate it!
Minori: Still, I had no idea that such a handy app existed.
Haruka: Me neither. Where do you usually learn about apps like this?
Saito: Where...? I tried a bunch of scheduling apps while looking for one that I felt was easy to use.
Saito: I think I went through about ten or so...
Minori: Wait, that many?!
Saito: Y-Yes. Things started getting a little hectic for me after I started my part-time job...
Saito: Which is why I spent a lot of time looking for a scheduling app that worked for me.
Saito: And I was astonished when I found this one. It has so many different features, and it's so easy to edit things!
Saito: I'm even thinking about using this app if I land a job being someone's manager.
Saito: So, again, I really recommend it!
Shizuku: If you become someone's manager...
Shizuku: Yes, I see. It's wonderful how you're working so hard towards your dream.
Saito: N-No... I'm nowhere near making it come true yet.
Saito: In any case, I'm really glad that I could help!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (She seems to find genuine pleasure in seeing MORE MORE JUMP! succeed. Almost as if she were going through it all alongside us.)
Shizuku: (But she is an invaluable partner. Not only that...)
Shizuku: (She's one of my biggest fans.)
Shizuku: (Which is why I can't just leave things be when I see that something's bothering her.)
Shizuku: I should set aside some time to talk with her once we're done with this shoot.
Shizuku: I don't know if I'll actually be able to help...
Shizuku: Regardless, I want to be there for her. That fact isn't about to change.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Campground]

Airi: Now, it's time to play... Survival Camp! The fun and exciting game where you don't know what tools you're gonna get!
Shizuku, Haruka & Minori: Yay!
Haruka: We're splitting into pairs by drawing names from a hat, and then making curry in those pairs, right?
Airi: That's right! Fortune has placed Shizuku and Haruka in one pair, with myself and Minori in the other.
Minori: Airi and I will be making the curry! That means you and Haruka will be making the rice, right, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Right. Each pair has also been given a set of tools for chopping wood and starting a fire.
Haruka: We get to use modern tools for chopping firewood and lighting fires.
Airi: We got an axe and...a strap drill.
Minori: Wh-What's a strap drill...?
Airi: Basically, we have to spin a stick on a piece of wood to create enough friction to start a fire!
Minori: O-Okay...?
Airi: First, we need to sandwich the stick vertically between two pieces of wood. Then, one of us will press down and hold the stick in place, while the other spins it by pulling on each end of the string wrapped around it.
Airi: As it spins, the stick will heat up the wood on the bottom and create some tiny embers. In other words...
Airi: This is gonna take a ton of time and effort!!
Minori: E-Eeeeepp...! How did we end up with this?!
Minori: But this is a tool that needs two people to work as a team. S-So, you and I should be able to start a fire using this no problem!!
Shizuku: Hehe. You sound so excited, Minori. Shall we also start getting ready, Haruka?
Haruka: Okay. We can't let those two steal the spotlight.
Airi: Alright, why don't we break into our pairs and get started?
Airi: We're gonna do our best and make the best curry we can!
Shizuku, Minori & Haruka: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Alright, Shizuku, let's begin.
Shizuku: Yes, starting with our firewood!
Shizuku: I always thought that chopping firewood involved splitting logs with an axe on top of a big wide log... But we get to use this handy tool today.
Haruka: Yeah. It's apparently designed to make the process a lot easier.
Shizuku: But it's shaped like a cylinder... How do you think we're supposed to use it?
Haruka: Here, let me show you. You put it on the ground with the blade facing upward, and you place a log on top of it inside the frame.
Haruka: Then, just hit the top of the log with a hammer and...
Shizuku: Oh, that's incredible! It split them so quickly...!
Haruka: Easy, right? It's your turn next. Do you feel ready?
Shizuku: Yes, I should be fine as long as I do what you just did. So, I place a log on the blade and...
Shizuku: Wow...! Haruka, I did it.
Haruka: Yeah, nice job. Let's maintain this energy and keep chopping more wood.
Shizuku: Yes!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Haruka, look! I made some really thin pieces!
Haruka: Wow, that's pretty cool. And we have so much now.
Shizuku: I was a little worried at first since I'm not very strong, but this makes everything so fun and easy♪
Haruka: Hehe. Now that we have such a big pile, I think we can move on to starting our fire.
Shizuku: Starting our fire... That involves using that modern tool, yes?
Haruka: Yeah, this tool here.
Shizuku: It's a metal stick and a plate...?
Haruka: They're called the rod and the striker. By hitting the rod hard with the striker, you get...
Shizuku: *Gasp* Sparks...!
Shizuku: That's amazing, Haruka. How do you know all this? Have you done this before by any chance?
Haruka: I learned how to use tools like this way back when I was on this one survival program.
Haruka: While you have the chance, Shizuku, why don't you give it a try?
Shizuku: Oh, are you sure? I don't know if I'll be able to use them correctly...
Haruka: Don't worry. Just do what I just did. Scrape the two pieces against each other to create some sparks.
Shizuku: Scrape the two pieces together...
Shizuku: Go!
Shizuku: Nothing happened...
Haruka: You may need to use a little more force.
Haruka: I have a feeling that you're holding back a little because you're unconsciously afraid of the sparks going everywhere.
Shizuku: Oh... You may be right.
Shizuku: I'll give it another try.
Shizuku: More! Force!
Shizuku: S-Still nothing...
Haruka: Yeah, you still seem to be holding back.
Haruka: Try to give it everything you have. You don't have to worry about it exploding or anything. Also...
Haruka: Whether or not we get to have our curry depends on you right now, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Our curry...
Shizuku: R-Right...! If I can't get our fire started, we won't be able to cook any rice...!
Shizuku: I'll give it everything I have. Watch me, Haruka!
Shizuku: Start!!!
Haruka: Oh...
Shizuku: I did it... I did it, Haruka!
Haruka: Way to go, Shizuku! Now we can start cooking the rice.
Shizuku: I did it... I started this fire...
Shizuku: (Alone, I always thought that I couldn't do anything, but I've gotten to experience so many new things working with the others...)
Shizuku: (It's so wonderful how I'm learning to do more and more.)
Haruka: Okay, our fire's holding. Let's start getting the rice ready.
Shizuku: Okay!
Shizuku: We need to make our rice as delicious as we can for the others' sake.
(Black cut)
