827_Shizuku Hinomori_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: It looks like I'm going to receive even more.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa)

[Haruka's Room]

Minori: As part of MORE MORE JUMP!'s birthday stream for Shizuku...
Minori: We present the “Birthday Special: Let Shizuku eat whatever she wants♪” segment!
Airi & Haruka: Yay!
Comments: <The birthday stream started! Happy birthday, Shizuku!> <Happy birthday, Shizuku!> <Beautiful as ever... Thank you for existing!>
Haruka: The comments are already flooding in.
Shizuku: Thank you for all of your birthday wishes. I'll be sure to read each and every one of them.
Airi: Since it's Shizuku's birthday today and the segment is self-explanatory... We'll be letting her eat her favorite food, tofu skin, to her heart's content!
Minori: Yeah!
Haruka: We went with this idea as per Shizuku's request.
Shizuku: Yes. The girls asked me what I'd like to do, and after giving it some thought...
Shizuku: I realized that I'd be happiest eating my favorite food with my favorite people. So that's what I requested.
Comments: <W-What a g-goddess...> <She said I'm one of her “favorite” people!!!> <I'm only ever going to eat tofu skin from now on.>
Airi: Heh heh heh... We won't be eating just any regular tofu skin.
Minori: Yeah! We will actually be serving tofu skin dishes made from the recipes we received from our fans!
Minori: We'll be reading out their messages as well as their recipes. I hope you're looking forward to them, Shizuku!
Shizuku: I am! Thank you so much for the recipes and messages, everyone.
Haruka: Without further ado, here is our first message. This appears to be from a girl in elementary school.
Shizuku: Oh, I wonder what she wrote.
Haruka: I'll read it out. “Dear Shizuku. Happy birthday.”
Shizuku: Hehe, thank you.
Haruka: “Watching MORE MORE JUMP! streams always cheers me up. I especially like how you work so hard.”
Haruka: “A little bit ago, I wasn't able to do back hip circles no matter how much I practiced. I almost wanted to give up...”
Haruka: “But then I saw you doing your best during dance practice, and that made me want to keep trying!”
Haruka: “After I continued to practice, I eventually learned to do back hip circles! Thank you, Shizuku!”
Shizuku: Oh my! She must've been practicing day after day. Congratulations, that's amazing!
Haruka: There's more. “I remember you said that you drink miso soup during practice, so my mom and I came up with a tofu skin miso soup recipe.”
Haruka: “There's ginger in it, which will help keep your body warm. The weather will be getting colder, so please enjoy this miso soup and keep working hard!” And that's the end of the message.
Shizuku: She even remembered that I drink miso soup during practice. Also...
Shizuku: To think that I was able to give someone the push they needed... That makes me so happy.
Shizuku: Thank you for the miso soup recipe and the lovely message!
Shizuku: I still have a long way to go as an idol... But I'm going to keep working hard so that I can be a source of strength for others. I hope you'll keep watching.
Comments: <That was beautiful...> <Seeing you work hard always cheers me up too, Shizuku!> <You're my daily source of energy...>
Airi: Alright, and this is the miso soup we made using that recipe!
Shizuku: Wow... It smells so lovely!
Airi: Here you are. Be careful, it's super hot.
Shizuku: Thank you, Airi. I'll try it now. *Blow*
Shizuku: It tastes absolutely wonderful!
Shizuku: The tofu skin is diced so finely. This would make it easy to drink during practice.
Haruka: The recipe actually said to dice the tofu skin into small pieces to make it easier to drink during breaks.
Shizuku: Thank you. I really appreciate all of the thought you've put into this.
Shizuku: I'm definitely going to make this and bring it to my next practice.
Airi: Now that your heart and body are warmed up from the nice miso soup, let's move on to the next message.
Minori: Yeah! This time, I'll do the honors!
Minori: “Dear Ms. Hinomori, happy birthday. I have been your fan since you were in Cheerful * Days.”
Minori: “I was sad to hear you retired from Cheerful * Days, but I've been very happy to see you appear on TV again lately!”
Minori: “I also have a friend who discovered MORE MORE JUMP! after watching one of those programs. The two of us are now fans of all of you, so please keep doing your best!”
Minori: That's the end of the message!
Shizuku: I see... I apologize for making you feel sad at the time. Thank you so much for choosing to continue supporting me.
Shizuku: And now you and your friend are both fans of us.
Shizuku: We have been receiving a lot more opportunities to have more people watch us lately. I'm glad to hear that people have been getting to know who we are.
Shizuku: All of us will keep working hard so that even more people can come to know about MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: So, I hope you and your friend will keep watching over us.
Airi: Okay, I'll read out their recipe!
(Black cut)
Minori: Wow, we ate quite a bit!
Haruka: We sure did. It's a shame that we couldn't make all of the dishes from the recipes we received...
Shizuku: I'll be sure to read all of your messages and try the recipes we weren't able to include in today's stream.
Shizuku: Truly, thank you so much. Getting to celebrate my birthday with you all has just made me the happiest.
Comments: <I'm glad we were able to celebrate with you!> <I wish it was your birthday every day...> <Happy birthday, Shizuku!>
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you. Well then, I'm sad to say goodbye, but that brings us to—
Airi: Not the end!
Airi: Actually, there's one last thing we'd like to present.
Shizuku: What?
Minori: Hehehe♪ Here's your special birthday dessert, Shizuku!
Shizuku: It's adorable! Is this...a snow rabbit?
Haruka: Yes. It's a tofu skin mille-feuille in the shape of a snow rabbit. We also have a voice message from the people who made it.
Shizuku: A voice message?
Airi: Yup. Now let's give it a listen!
Saki's Voice (Saki): <On three, everyone! One, two...three!>
Saki, Ichika, Honami & Kohane: <Happy birthday, Shizuku!>
Ichika's Voice (Ichika): <We heard that you wanted to eat tofu skin, so we all came up with a recipe and made a tofu skin mille-feuille.>
Honami's Voice (Honami): <We used strawberry sauce for the eyes and matcha powder for the ears so that everything would be edible.>
Kohane's Voice (Kohane): <I know you might feel bad eating it, but...>
Kohane's Voice (Kohane): <We're confident that it's going to taste great. Please don't worry and enjoy it to the fullest!>
Saki's Voice (Saki): <Oh, by the way, we also made this with S! They said they're not gonna say anything because voice messages are embarrassing, though...>
Saki's Voice (Saki): <Anyway, the important thing is that we've put all of our love for you into the cake!>
Honami's Voice (Honami): <I understand you've been busy with work, but I hope we can spend more time together sometime.>
Saki's Voice (Saki): <We'll be continuing to root for you! That's it from us. A message from five of your juniors to our beloved Shizuku!>
Shizuku: These voices...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (Hehe. That means “S” must be Shii.)
Shizuku: (This snow rabbit must've been Shii's idea.)
Minori: The snow rabbit is so, so, soooo cute!
Comments: <That's pro quality right there.> <It feels like such a shame to eat it.> <Run, rabbit, run!!!>
Haruka: This snow rabbit is very adorable and I can understand why you would feel bad eating it.
Shizuku: Yes... But everyone put so much thought into making this. I'll be sure to savor every bite.
Shizuku: I didn't expect a surprise like this. Thank you, my five juniors! This makes me so happy!
Airi: Well then, I think it's about time to wrap this up. How about some final words from the star of the day?
Shizuku: Yes, I'd love to.
Shizuku: Thank you all for being here today for my birthday, everyone. I had such a wonderful celebration.
Shizuku: I really felt all of your thoughts and affection in your messages and recipes. I'm truly and utterly grateful.
Shizuku: Being able to receive your messages like this always gives me strength.
Shizuku: So, once again...
Shizuku: Thank you for everything, from the bottom of my heart.
Comments: <Oh no, I'm gonna cry.> <She's too radiant...> <No, thank you from the bottom of my heart!!!>
Shizuku: I, Shizuku Hinomori from MORE MORE JUMP!, will continue to work hard and spread hope to others.
Shizuku: So, I hope you will all be there to watch me. I'll be counting on your support.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Airi: Goodness... You've been smiling all day, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Hehe. But I'm just so happy.
Shizuku: My fans put so much thought into their recipes and gave me all those wonderful messages...
Shizuku: This has been such a wonderful birthday.
???: Hey! Shizuku, Airi!
Shizuku: Oh? That voice...
Shizuku: Hello! Mizuki, Tsukasa and even Kamishiro. You're all here.
Shizuku: Are you all on your way home? What a coincidence.
Mizuki: Heh heh heh... It's not a coincidence at all.
Mizuki: It's your birthday today, right? I know you've been busy, but we wanted to give our wishes in person. We got in contact with Airi and waited here!
Tsukasa: Yes! All so that we could ambush you with a surprise!
Airi: Now that you've said ambush, I'm getting a little apprehensive...
Rui: Hehe. Well, one's birthday is truly a special kind of day. I felt that these sorts of things are better done in person when possible.
Shizuku: Just for me? Thank you so much. That makes me so happy!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! It's a little early for that. Akiyama, please do the honors!
Mizuki: Roger dodger♪ Here you are, Shizuku. This is our gift to you!
Shizuku: Oh my. You've gotten me a gift as well? Is this... A little bird doll?
Shizuku: The wings feel so nice and soft. I can just wrap it up with my two hands—
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): <HAPPY BIRTHDAAAAAAY!!!>
Airi: D-Did that voice...
Shizuku: Come from this little bird?
Mizuki's Voice (Mizuki): <Happy birthday, Shizuku♪ Let's hang out and do some sewing again sometime!>
Shizuku: *Gasp* This time it's Mizuki's voice!
Airi: Hold on... Could there be a button somewhere?
Rui: Hehe. That's correct. The doll will play different voice messages when you press its beak.
Mizuki: I bought this small bird after seeing it at a store since I thought it'd make the perfect birthday gift!
Mizuki: But then I wanted to add to it and make it better, so I asked Rui and the others for help.
Tsukasa: By the way, apparently it'll play the voices at random! I've recorded a few messages on there myself. Please do give them a listen!
Mizuki: Besides us, we also got An, Ena and Ena's Li'l Bro to record something. I even got Mafuyu in it too!
Shizuku: I had no idea. Everyone's voices are in here...
Shizuku: Thank you for the wonderful gift! I'll listen carefully to everyone's messages.
Shizuku: Hehe. Nice to meet you, one-of-a-kind special little bird.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: Alright, I think I'll place this chatty little bird... On top of this shelf.
Shizuku: (To be able to hear everyone's voices at any time just by pressing its beak... That's so sweet.)
Shizuku: (So many people wished me a happy birthday today.)
Shizuku: (I was able to say thank you to my fans during today's stream, too...)
Shizuku: (Being able to directly express my feelings to everyone like this makes me so happy.)
Shizuku: (I'm going to treasure these moments going forward as well.)
Shizuku: Speaking of expressing gratitude...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Stage SEKAI]

KAITO (MMJ): I see. So that's why you've come to visit us.
Rin (MMJ): I was so surprised! We were just preparing for your birthday party when you suddenly came over!
Rin (MMJ): I freaked out! For a second I thought maybe we got the dates wrong.
MEIKO (MMJ): Hahaha... I wondered what happened when Rin came in running like the wind.
Shizuku: I'm so sorry for scaring all of you. But...
Shizuku: I really wanted to express my gratitude to all of you in person today.
Shizuku: So many people wished me a happy birthday today, which made me realize something all over again. I'm able to be an idol thanks to everyone supporting me.
Shizuku: And of course, you are some of those people.
Shizuku: Whenever I'm lost or struggling, I'm able to move forward because you're there to give me the push I need.
Shizuku: So, I'd like to say...
Shizuku: Thank you so much for always supporting me, and looking out for me!
Shizuku: And... I look forward to more memories with you too.
Miku (MMJ): It makes us happy to hear you say that.
Len (MMJ): It really does. Of course, it's really because of your own efforts that you're able to continue being an idol.
Len (MMJ): But I'm happy to hear that we could be a source of strength for you.
Rin (MMJ): Hehe. After hearing what Shizuku said, I just feel like singing now♪
MEIKO (MMJ): I totally get how you feel! It makes me want to express my feelings to you too, Shizuku.
Luka (MMJ): Hehe. Well then, shall we do a special impromptu show for Shizuku?
Shizuku: A special show?
Miku (MMJ): Wow, that's a wonderful idea! I'd love to do a special show♪
Rin (MMJ): Yay! It's settled! To the stage we go!
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh dear, Rin got a head start. Luka, we should head over to the stage too.
Luka (MMJ): Let's.
Miku (MMJ): Oh... There they go.
KAITO (MMJ): If it's a special show to express our feelings to Shizuku, then we'll have to join in, won't we?
Len (MMJ): Yeah. We'd like you to watch our show from the front row, Shizuku.
Miku (MMJ): We're going to show you how we feel by singing, so I hope you look forward to it!
Shizuku: Everyone...
Shizuku: Thank you! I'll be more than happy to watch from here.
Shizuku: (I came here to express my gratitude, and yet, I ended up getting another gift. But...)
Shizuku: I can't wait to watch your special show!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000257/bg_s000257.png)
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Shizuku! I'm glad that I was able to wish you a happy birthday in person. Were you able to listen to all of my messages?
Rui: He recorded all of them with a lot of heart as well as a loud voice. Happy birthday, Hinomori. Don't hesitate to let me know if the little bird doll ever needs fixing.
Mizuki: Once again, happy birthday, Shizuku! I'm glad you liked our gift♪ Enjoy listening to everyone's messages as many times as you want!
Ena: It's a little embarrassing that my voice will be there for the foreseeable future... But it is for your birthday.
Ena: Oh, but I also have a gift for you, so let's meet up sometime and have our own celebration!
Mafuyu: I was a little surprised when Mizuki suddenly asked me to send a voice message. Though, I'm glad that you liked it, Hinomori.
An: Happy birthday, Shizuku! I'm sad I'm not able to tell you in person, but I put a lot of thought into my message, so I hope you get to listen to it!
Akito: Happy birthday, Hinomori. If you're ever up for it, I hope you'll hang out with Ena again.
Ichika: Happy birthday, Shizuku.
Saki, Honami & Kohane: Happy birthday!
Kohane: I made sure to take lots of photos of the snow rabbit cake beforehand. That way you'll be able to see it again after you've had it. I'll make sure to pass the photos to Shiho!
Honami: We did a lot of trial and error to come up with the cake recipe. I hope it turned out to your liking...
Ichika: Shiho was actually the one who suggested we decorate the cake like a snow rabbit. She said she was sure that you would really like it.
Saki: By the way, Shiho was super strict on the quality of the rabbit's body and face! She was very adamant on it being perfect before we gave it to you!
Shiho: Hey, you guys didn't have to tell her all that...
Shiho: Well, seemed like she really liked it, anyway, and that's all that matters. Happy birthday, Shizuku. Let's both keep doing our best.
Minori: Happy birthday, Shizuku! Getting to see you happily eat your favorite food made me happy too!
Haruka: Same here. With so many of our fans wishing you a happy birthday, it looked like you were really enjoying yourself. I'm so glad we did that segment. Once again, happy birthday, Shizuku.
Airi: I should've known that you'd say something like wanting to eat your favorite food with your favorite people for your birthday. You could ask for more, you know?
Airi: I'll make the dishes from the recipes we couldn't include in our stream for you sometime, so look forward to it!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: Thank you for celebrating my birthday with me, everyone.
Shizuku: Having so many people wish me a happy birthday like this...
Shizuku: Has, once again, made me realize that it's thanks to everyone who has been watching over me thus far that I'm able to stand on the stage like I am right now.
Shizuku: Your support gives me strength.
Shizuku: I can't express in words just how grateful I am.
Shizuku: So I'll be sure to express these feelings through our activities as MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: I hope that you continue to watch over me.
Shizuku: I'll be counting on your support!
(White cut)
