877_Shizuku Hinomori_R2 Fun With Layout Planning (event_122)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shizuku's Room]

Haruka: Can you tell me how this looks...? I tried working in Shizuku's suggestions...
Airi: Lemme see...
Airi: Yeah, okay! Let's do this segment during our next stream!
Shizuku: Then, this means we can finally...!
Haruka: Yeah. We can start thinking about the MORE MORE HOUSE's interior design.
Minori: Yes! I brought a bunch of sample images with me. They're all really cute designs!
Shizuku: I also found a couple pieces of furniture that might come in handy. I'm sure we'll be able to make good use of them.
Airi: Alright, settle down. I know you're excited, but we have to check the floor plan again first...
Haruka: Oh, you wrote in all the measurements we took.
Airi: That's pretty crucial for this step of the process. And feel free to jot down as many notes as you like. I've made plenty of copies for all of us.
Minori: Cool! Thanks!
Shiho's Voice (Shiho): Shizuku, can I come in?
Shizuku: Oh! Yes, please come in.
Minori: Hi, Shiho! We've made ourselves at home!
Shiho: Hey, welcome.
Shiho: I have tea and snacks for all of you.
Shizuku: Oh, that's so kind of you.
Shiho: Mom suggested it when I went to get some tea...
Shiho: Anyway, if you'll excuse me.
Airi: Thanks, Shiho!
Airi: Alright, let's munch on these while we talk.
Shizuku: Okay!
(Black cut)
Haruka: This room's got a big window that lets in lots of light. We could turn it into sort of a reception room by putting in a coffee table and a couple sofas.
Airi: Yeah, and we can use it as a place to relax when we're not entertaining guests.
Minori: Alright, lemme jot down your idea for this room!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: What if we put in a room divider here?
Shizuku: Here... Something like this.
Shizuku: The office in this picture is about the same size as the house. Notice how their meeting space is partitioned off?
Haruka: Yeah, we might need to set certain areas apart.
Minori: Oh, in that case! What if we used some of these racks as dividers?
Airi: Yeah, that's another idea to keep in mind! They'd act as room dividers while also giving us a place to put cute decorations. Two birds with one stone!
(Black cut)
Haruka: We came up with all these ideas in no time.
Minori: Yeah! It's really easy to imagine what it'll be like living there!
Shizuku: You're talking about that advice to pick a place we can see ourselves living in, yes?
Shizuku: Actually, my mind couldn't help but come up with a few different scenarios.
Airi: Oh, care to elaborate?
Shizuku: Hehe.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Airi: Huh? That light's flickering. Is it on its last legs?
Airi: We have spares, but I won't be able to reach even if I stand on a chair. What do I do?
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): Leave it to me, Airi!
Airi: Th-That sounded like...!
Airi: Sh-Shizuku?! You'll do it for me?!
Shizuku: Yes! I should be able to reach it by standing on this chair!
Airi: Thanks, Shizuku! You're the best!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: Well?
Minori: That was amazing, Shizuku! I can already see that happening in real life!
Haruka: Yeah, maybe someday.
Airi: I can't disagree...
Airi: But I'd just barely be able to reach if I hopped while on top of a chair!
Minori: Oh, that's what caught your attention...?
Haruka: That sounds dangerous, so Shizuku or I will try to take care of those things...
Shizuku & Minori: Hehe. Haha.
Haruka: Oh, how about we send pictures of our layout ideas over to Saito?
Airi: Good call. We should definitely see what she thinks.
Shizuku: Okay!
Shizuku: I'm looking forward to hearing her opinion. Which idea do you think she'll like the most?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Shizuku's Room]

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Shizuku: The office in this picture is about the same size as the house. Notice how their meeting space is partitioned off?
Haruka: Yeah, we might need to set certain areas apart.
Minori: Oh, in that case! What if we used some of these racks as dividers?
Airi: Yeah, that's another idea to keep in mind! They'd act as room dividers while also giving us a place to put cute decorations. Two birds with one stone!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: Hehe. I didn't realize planning the interior of the MORE MORE HOUSE would be so much fun. Now I really can't wait to move in.
Shizuku: Anyway, I should clean and put away the cups we used...
Shizuku: Oh, we didn't put much of a dent into these snacks. I suppose we did spend quite a lot of time talking...
Shizuku: It'd be a shame if they went stale, so maybe I should have some now...
Shizuku: Oh, I know!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shiho's Room]

Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): Shii, do you have a minute?
Shiho: Hm? Shizuku...?
Shizuku: Oh, were you doing your homework...?
Shiho: Yeah, for math. Anyway, what's up...?
Shizuku: Remember those snacks you brought to my room earlier? We still have quite a lot left over.
Shizuku: So, I was thinking we could have some together.
Shiho: Really? Then, I'll take some. All these complicated equations were starting to make my nerves fray.
Shizuku: Hehe. Then, I'm coming in.
Shiho: By the way, you were all talking about your new home base, right?
Shizuku: Yes, it's called the MORE MORE HOUSE.
Shiho: You said you'd found a nice place, but I didn't realize it already had a name.
Shizuku: It's cute, right? We spent today discussing how we're going to use each room, as well as their interior designs.
Shizuku: Since it's also going to be our office, we thought about turning one room into a reception area...
Shizuku: And we're thinking about bringing in our own plushies to decorate our streaming room.
Shiho: Cool. Sounds like this process has been a lot of fun.
Shizuku: It really has! We actually talked so much that we more or less forgot about these snacks.
Shiho: I see.
Shiho: Wait, won't things get even busier for you once your office and streaming room are all set up?
Shizuku: Yes, but we should be able to figure things out since we have a manager now.
Shiho: Oh, right. I forgot that you found someone to take on that role.
Shizuku: Yes, her name's Saito, and she's so reliable!
Shizuku: Airi and Haruka don't have to work nearly as hard now that she's in charge of our schedule.
Shiho: Yeah, that must've been pretty rough... Honami also had it pretty bad...
Shizuku: But your band also has a manager now, yes?
Shiho: Yeah. Currently, that person's doing a lot behind the scenes to get us ready for our debut.
Shizuku: Which means we'll both be busy in the future...
Shiho: Yeah.
Shizuku: As happy as I am about our new house, I probably won't get to spend as much time at home like this...
Shiho: You're still coming home, right?
Shizuku: Yes, for the most part. Unless something urgent comes up.
Shizuku: Still, it means having fewer meals and such together, which is very unfortunate...
Shiho: I mean, remember back when you were at your busiest? We'll figure something out...
Shizuku: Shii! Please call me if you're ever feeling lonely! Or just send me a message...
Shiho: Okay, I will...
Shizuku: We can even say, “Good morning,” and, “Good night,” to each other through text whenever we're not able to see each other.
Shiho: Now you're asking too much.
Shizuku: But...
Shiho: Things might not change all that much since it's not like you're moving out or anything.
Shizuku: True. There's no telling what's going to happen after we get the MORE MORE HOUSE set up...
Shizuku: I'll do my best to come home each night so that you don't feel lonely.
Shiho: Alright, thanks.
(Black cut)
