939_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Cooking To Give You Energy♪ (event_133)

Gacha phrase: Could you taste test, please?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Shizuku: Oh, this soap dispenser's running low. I should refill it.
Shizuku: (It's been so long since the last time I was on duty for the health committee...)
Shizuku: (The others are always covering for me. I really need to do my best today.)
Shizuku: That should do it. Okay, my next stop is...
???: Huh? Shizuku?
Shizuku: Oh, Haruka! It's rare to see you here this late.
Haruka: I was borrowing a book from the library. What were you doing just now, Shizuku?
Shizuku: I was taking care of some health committee business.
Shizuku: I'm patrolling to look for any soap dispensers that need refilling.
Shizuku: I need to do my best, for everyone's health!
Haruka: Hehe. You sound so motivated.
Shizuku: We've been receiving more offers to appear on TV recently, after all.
Shizuku: If we happen to be asked to become regulars for a show or do a long shoot, then I'll likely be spending even less time with the health committee.
Shizuku: Which is why my plan is to do what I can whenever I do have time.
Haruka: I see. I'd expect no less from you, Shizuku.
Haruka: Also, I kind of envy you...
Shizuku: Huh?
Haruka: I haven't been a part of many committees, so I've kind of always wanted to stay after school, doing those sorts of things.
Shizuku: Oh, in that case... Would you like to join me, Haruka?
Haruka: Me?
Shizuku: Yes. What do you say? Your help would be much appreciated.
Haruka: Thanks... Then, just for today, I'll be the newest member of the health committee.
Haruka: I'm looking forward to your thorough instruction, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Hehe. Of course, Haruka!
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Shizuku: Oh, here's another dispenser. Would you mind helping me with it, Haruka?
Shizuku: As we discussed, I'll hold it while you refill it.
Haruka: Okay.
Shizuku: Also, try not to get any soap on your hands. I wouldn't want it to slip out of your hands and fall to the floor.
Haruka: Right. It would be dangerous if the floor got slippery.
Shizuku: Exactly. One time, I almost slipped and fell while refilling the dispensers after I spilled some soap.
Shizuku: So, I don't want you or anyone else who walks by here to suffer the same fate!
Haruka: Th-That happened? I'm glad you didn't actually fall.
Haruka: In any case, I'll be very careful not to get any of the soap onto my hands...
Shizuku: Hehe. Excellent job!
Haruka: Thank you. But you're also a very good teacher.
Shizuku: I appreciate you saying that. Anyway, our next stop is...
Haruka: Oh, do you need help finding it? If you tell me about where, then I can...
Shizuku: No, that's okay! Please, follow me.
(Black cut)
Shizuku: (Go down the stairs, take a right, turn again at the end and...)
Shizuku: Thank goodness! Here it is!
Haruka: You found it! Without getting lost!
Shizuku: Yes, I still get lost from time to time when I have to change classrooms by myself...
Shizuku: But I've made it a point to memorize where all the soap dispensers are while working for the health committee.
Haruka: I see. You really are doing your best.
Haruka: Then, if you don't mind leading the way today...
Shizuku: Yes, of course!
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Shizuku: Phew... That's the last one. Thank you for all your hard work, Haruka.
Shizuku: Your help made everything go so smoothly.
Haruka: I'm glad I could help. And thank you for letting me join you.
Shizuku: Thank you for your assistance.
Haruka: Still, Shizuku, you did a great job of leading today. You taught me everything I needed to know, and got things done so quickly.
Haruka: The school should be safe with you on the health committee.
Shizuku: Haruka...
Shizuku: Thank you! I promise to keep doing my best, for everyone's health!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori)

[Marathon Course]

Locals: This is the last poster. Can you stick it on this column for me?
Shizuku: Yes, of course. How does this look?
Locals: Ah, that's perfect! You being able to reach up so high has made this much easier.
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm glad that I'm able to put my height to such good use.
Shizuku: (Okay, it needs to be a little above head height so that it can be seen from afar...)
Shizuku: No, my tape! Oh, dear...
Locals: Oh, it rolled away. I'll go get it, so use my tape instead!
Shizuku: Th-Thank you very much...
Shizuku: The last poster is up. Thank you for letting me borrow your tape.
Locals: Don't worry about that. You helping us was absolutely enormous. Anyway, let's start heading back, shall we?
Shizuku: Okay... Let's see... This way to town hall, right?
Locals: Hm...? No, Shizuku, stop! That'll take you to the other side of town!
Shizuku: Huh? Oh no! I'm so sorry...
Locals: We didn't realize you were so bad with directions. We can't take our eyes off you for a second.
Shizuku: Airi's always telling me the same thing.
Shizuku: (Oh, I went and did it again.)
Shizuku: (I want to be more helpful tomorrow, but what can I do?)
Shizuku: (Oh, I know!)
(Black cut)

[The next day]

Shizuku: Phew... We've finished picking up all the trash along the course.
Locals: Yes. Thank you for your help, Shizuku. Why don't we all take our break now?
Shizuku: Oh...!
Shizuku: Excuse me, everyone! I actually made a little something for all of you today...
Shizuku: I prepared some soup using wild herbs. I have it here in my thermos. Would anybody like some?
Locals: Huh...? Wild herb soup in a thermos?
Shizuku: Yes. It's very healthy and should help warm you right up. I thought it'd be nice to have during our break.
Locals: So, that's really nice of you, but why soup?
Shizuku: Last week, Mrs. Fujita taught me how to make it, and it was so delicious!
Locals: Oh, she taught you?!
Shizuku: Yes. When I asked her about local delicacies we could pass out during the marathon, she suggested that we try making this together.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: The vegetables seem soft enough. I'll put in the wild herbs and fried tofu now!
Elderly Lady: Alright, keep moving! Chop chop! Everything's prepped, so start putting it in the pot.
Elderly Lady: Oh, but that doesn't mean you should just dump it in all at once. You don't want it to splash and hurt someone.
Shizuku: Okay! So, like this?
Elderly Lady: Mm. That should do just fine.
Shizuku: Thank goodness... And thank you!
Elderly Lady: Hey, who said you could stop?! We're not going to finish until morning if you keep taking breaks like that. Again, chop chop!
Shizuku: R-Right!
Elderly Lady: ...
(Black cut)
Elderly Lady: Hmm... Yes, it seems to be coming along nicely.
Shizuku: I couldn't have done this without you, Mrs. Fujita. Thank you very much for all your help!
Elderly Lady: Yes...
Elderly Lady: You know, Shizuku, us cooking together like this reminds me of when I used to do this with my grandchildren.
Shizuku: It does? Hehe. It's sweet of you to say that. I feel like I have another grandmother now.
Elderly Lady: No, I really don't think you'd want a curmudgeon like me in your family. I doubt you'd even want to cook with me.
Shizuku: No, that's not true. I think it's normal for people to talk passionately about the things they love doing.
Elderly Lady: ...
Shizuku: Oh, I'll turn the stove off and start mixing in the miso.
Shizuku: Let's see... The miso should be in... This container! Three tablespoons and...
Elderly Lady: No, Shizuku, wait! That's not miso! It's red bean paste!
Shizuku: What?!
Elderly Lady: Phew... That was close. The miso should be in the container with the yellow lid.
(Black cut)
Elderly Lady: Ah, delicious! Well done, Shizuku.
Shizuku: ...! Thank you very much!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: So, I decided to make some more using Mrs. Fujita's recipe.
Shizuku: This soup's supposed to give this town a boost of energy, so I thought it would help you all...
Locals: Shizuku...
Locals: You've already cheered us up plenty!
Shizuku: Huh?
Shizuku: But you've all been helping me so much...
Locals: Nonsense! We know you're doing your absolute best. If anything, that clumsy side of you is very endearing.
Locals: I agree. You even made soup for us. Of course we're grateful.
Shizuku: Everyone...
Locals: Mind pouring me a bowl?
Shizuku: Of course! Let me get everything ready.
Locals: Alright, soup's up.
Locals: Mmm! This is amazing! I can see why Mrs. Fujita gave you her seal of approval. She can be pretty ruthless when it comes to cooking!
Locals: This miso really hits the spot. I'm ready to get right back to work for the afternoon!
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that! There's still plenty, so please feel free to ask for seconds!
Locals: In that case, I'll have another!
Shizuku: Okay!
(Black cut)
