970_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 A Special Spell (event_138)

Gacha phrase: Let's make this the best show possible, together.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE - Practice Room]

Haruka: That concludes today's practice. Nice work, you two.
Airi: Yeah... Nice work... Another hard practice...
Haruka: Hehe. We did add a few more exercises today, so I understand why you're tired. Please be sure to get in a good cooldown since we had you did a lot of strength drills today.
Shizuku: Nice work, everyone! I have some fruit slices here. Why don't we have them together?
Minori: What?! Fruit slices?!
Shizuku: I thought they'd help you all recover, and we chilled them in the refrigerator. You have your choice of strawberries, bananas, pineapples and much more...
Minori: Oh, these look so good! Thanks, Shizuku!
Airi: What a selection...! Alright, let's dig in!
Minori: Mmm! They're cooled just right... I'm feeling better already♪
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm glad you're enjoying them so much.
Saito: Pardon me. Sorry, I know you're all very tired.
Saito: But I'd like to discuss your next offer, Haruka. Do you have a minute to chat...?
Haruka: Oh, okay. I'll be right over.
Minori: Th-That's amazing... Haruka's already moving around and talking about work like nothing happened...
Minori: I'd be way too tired to even think.
Airi: Yeah, despite doing basically the same exercises and drills as us, she seems totally fine... Amazing.
Shizuku: She even had you two do more difficult ones today. Planks, jumping drills...
Airi: Seriously, she was like one of those really mean drill sergeants!
Minori: Yeah... And she kept reminding us to maintain a proper form too.
Minori: At the same time, I feel like her being so strict is helping us become stronger bit by bit!
Airi: I agree! She's helping us push past our limits!
Shizuku: (They've both been working so hard.)
Shizuku: (These drills and exercises aren't easy, but they're doing their best to get ready for Idol Lovers...)
Shizuku: (I wish I could help them more... But, in that case...)
Shizuku: What if I followed Haruka's example as an instructor?
Minori: Huh?
Shizuku: I've actually been thinking about how to teach you two lately.
Shizuku: Haruka is undeniably a wonderful teacher, yes?
Shizuku: Not only is she able to come up with good workout regimens, but she knows when to raise her voice in order to get you to keep trying...
Shizuku: So, I've been wondering if I could help you two by being more like the strict instructor that she is...
Airi: You? Like Haruka...?
Minori: Being really strict...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Minori: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Shizuku: Stand up, Minori. We're not done with these exercises yet.
Minori: What? But can't we take a little break...?
Shizuku: How can you take a break before making a successful attempt?
Shizuku: Once you've managed to hold that pose for three minutes, then you get to take one. Got it?
Minori: Y-Yes, ma'am...
(Black cut)
Airi: J-Just one more minute...
Shizuku: Maintain your form, Airi. How many times are you going to make me warn you?
Shizuku: And keep your arms here.
Airi: Owwww! M-My back's cramping! Stop, Shizuku!
Shizuku: *Sigh* That's enough for posing. We're going back to square one with stretches. Got it?
Airi: Eep...
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Terrible. Just terrible. Don't think that you'll be able to go home before finishing, you two.
Minori & Airi: Noooooo!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Airi: Y-You're not allowed to be like that, Shizuku...!
Minori: Yeah! I like you just the way you are!!!
Shizuku: Huh...?
Airi: Haruka's style works for her, but I have a feeling it wouldn't suit you!
Airi: So, for goodness sake! Please keep being you!
Shizuku: O-Okay, I will...
Shizuku: (I thought I could be strict like Haruka...)
Shizuku: (But I suppose that's much easier said than done. In that sense, Haruka really is incredible...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[The day of Idol Lovers]

[Backstage]

Shizuku: (Once this song is over, it'll be our turn.)
Shizuku: (This is such an incredible atmosphere...)
Shizuku: (Come to think of it, Minori already seemed very nervous. I hope she's okay...)
Shizuku: (Hehe. Looks like Haruka helped calm her down.)
Shizuku: (How about Airi?)
Shizuku: (She seems so focused...)
Airi: Is something the matter, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Oh, so... You just seemed to be focusing very hard just now...
Shizuku: I'm sorry if I interrupted you.
Airi: No, you weren't interrupting anything.
Airi: It's just... I am feeling pretty stoked now.
Airi: The stage I've been wanting to perform on is right there. I can hear the audience and feel the electricity in the air...
Airi: Doesn't that make you want to go out there and knock their socks off? This tension in the air is what Idol Lovers is all about!
Airi: You coming over to talk to me has helped me relax, so all that's left is for me to go out there and show just how hard I've been training!
Shizuku: You really are incredible, Airi.
Shizuku: It also feels like it's been so long since we waited to go on stage like this...
Airi: Huh?
Shizuku: The joint performance our agency held a long time ago comes to mind.
Shizuku: Do you remember? I was feeling so nervous before going on stage, but then you...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (I have to make today's show a success...)
Shizuku: (I have to be the perfect Shizuku Hinomori everybody expects me to be...!)
Airi: Shizuku!
Shizuku: Huh...?! Oh, Airi, it's you. Is something wrong?
Airi: I came to see how you were doing since you're going on soon...
Airi: And you look as nervous as I was expecting you to be.
Shizuku: Oh... *Nod*
Shizuku: I'm starting to wonder if I'll be able to go out there and perform without making any mistakes...
Airi: Yeah, I had a feeling...
Airi: But you're in luck, Shizuku! Today, I'm going to teach you a special spell that will ensure that you'll do great on stage!
Shizuku: A special spell...?
Airi: Yup! So, turn that way for me...
Airi: I'll place my hands on your back and...
Shizuku: Huh? Eep!
Shizuku: (Oh...)
Shizuku: (Airi's hands are so warm...)
Shizuku: (She's giving me so much encouragement just by touching my back...)
Shizuku: Hehe. I feel much better now.
Airi: See? I do this with the other members of QT, but it really works!
Shizuku: I didn't know that. Thank you, Airi!
Airi: Don't worry, Shizuku.
Airi: I know that you've been practicing more than anyone else!
Airi: So, I'm sure you'll do just fine on stage. Have confidence in yourself!
Shizuku: Airi...
Shizuku: I will! Thank you! I'll go now!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Airi: Oh, yeah... That did happen.
Shizuku: The spell you cast on me that time helped me relax and put on a good performance. So...
Shizuku: Can I do the same for you?
Airi: What?
Shizuku: I'd like to return the favor and give you any support that I can.
Airi: Oh... If you're offering, then yes, please.
Shizuku: Yes, of course!
Shizuku: I watched you practice so hard for your moment on this stage.
Shizuku: So, I know you'll do just fine. Let's go out there and put on the best performance ever.
Airi: Shizuku...
Airi: Thanks. That was just the boost of energy I needed.
Airi: You and Haruka put me through the blender, so there's no way I'm gonna let this chance go to waste! Let's go blow the roof off this place!
Shizuku: Yes, let's!
Shizuku: (Hehe. I'm glad that spell worked...)
Shizuku: (Now, all that's left is...)
Shizuku: (To go out on that stage with Airi and the others, and give it absolutely everything we have!)
(Black cut)
