990_Shizuku Hinomori_R3 Careful Stitching (event_141)

Gacha phrase: It's my first time sitting down to embroider in a while.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Shizuku: One, two, three, four...
Shizuku: Phew... I think I'm finally starting to get the hang of this dance...
???: Hello, Shizuku! You seem to be practicing very hard.
Shizuku: Oh, Miku, KAITO.
KAITO (MMJ): Here, take this drink.
KAITO (MMJ): It's good that you're working hard, but you've been at it for quite a while now. Remember that it's important to take breaks from time to time.
Shizuku: Huh? Oh, you're right... I didn't realize what time it was.
Shizuku: I think I will call it a day here. I wouldn't want to feel so fatigued that I end up running late tomorrow.
Miku (MMJ): Do you have plans tomorrow?
Shizuku: Yes, it's my first day off in quite a while. I promised a friend who loves to sew that we'd go to the sewing lounge together.
Shizuku: They have all these sewing machines available for rental, as well as a wide assortment of other equipment. I've been there a number of times already to do embroidery.
KAITO (MMJ): I didn't know such a place existed...!
Shizuku: Yes, but I'm always a little worried about getting lost along the way. I still haven't been able to fully commit how to get there to memory...
Shizuku: Fortunately, my friend suggested that we head there together after finding out that we'd be going on the same day.
KAITO (MMJ): I see...
KAITO (MMJ): Um, Shizuku? Would it be possible for me to watch you embroider? But you don't have to let me if you feel uncomfortable...
KAITO (MMJ): I'm just curious as to what this sewing lounge you speak of is actually like.
Shizuku: Yes, well... It shouldn't be a problem as long as you stay hidden.
Shizuku: I'll call you over when I think it's safe, so if you don't mind waiting until then...
KAITO (MMJ): Thank you! I'll be looking forward to hearing from you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Sewing Lounge]

Mizuki: Here we are!
Shizuku: Thank you, Mizuki. I wouldn't have been able to get here without you.
Mizuki: You're welcome! Anyway, I'm gonna go grab a sewing machine.
Shizuku: Yes, of course.
Shizuku: Now should be fine... Miku, KAITO, are you two there?
Miku & KAITO: <Yes!> <Present.>
Shizuku: Thank goodness. So, let's see... I'll move the case towards the edge of the table, and place my phone under it...
Shizuku: Okay, it seems well hidden. Can you two see me okay...?
KAITO (MMJ): <Yes, we can see you just fine!>
Mizuki: Okay, there we are... It's all set up! Now, let's get started!
Shizuku: Then, let's both do our best to make some cute creations, shall we?
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Miku (MMJ): <Wow...! That flower only took you a few seconds to—>
KAITO (MMJ): <Shh...>
Shizuku: Hehe.
Mizuki: Hmm... Hey, Shizuku, mind taking a look at this ribbon for me?
Shizuku: Hm? It seems very cute... Is something wrong with it?
Mizuki: I'm having trouble getting it to look just right. I wanted to give it more of a cartoonish feel... But what do you think?
Shizuku: More of a cartoonish feel...? Then, what if you paired it with some of the fabrics over here that you brought over?
KAITO (MMJ): <I see... That would help make it look more colorful. I'm impressed, Shizuku!>
Miku (MMJ): <KAITO! Shh!>
(Black cut)
Shizuku & Mizuki: It's finished!
Mizuki: Whoa...! Your embroidery's so cute, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Your ribbon is also lovely, Mizuki.
Mizuki: And I have you to thank! I really appreciate the advice you gave me!
Mizuki: Alright, lemme go give this sewing machine back!
Shizuku: Yes, of course.
Shizuku: What did you think, you two?
KAITO (MMJ): <I learned so much! I'm going to try making alterations to some of our outfits using the things I saw today.>
Miku (MMJ): <I was amazed by how quickly you two could make such cute things. It felt like magic...>
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm glad you both enjoyed everything so much.
KAITO (MMJ): <We really did! Thank you so much for allowing us to watch today, Shizuku.>
Miku (MMJ): <Anyway, we'll see you again in SEKAI!>
Shizuku: Okay, see you later.
Mizuki: Thanks for waiting. Let's start heading out!
Mizuki: Oh, Shizuku, are you doing anything after this?
Shizuku: No, I'm off work today, so I don't have any plans...
Mizuki: Really? Then, wanna get in some shopping since we still have some time?
Mizuki: There's this handicrafts shop that I've really been wanting to check out with you!
Shizuku: Oh, that sounds wonderful! I'd love to go.
Mizuki: Great! In that case... Let's go♪
Shizuku: (It feels like it's been so long since I had a chance to go shopping with a friend...)
Shizuku: (Thanks to Mizuki, I'm getting to have such a wonderful time on my day off.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Park]

Shizuku: That should be all the weeds around here.
Local Elementary Schooler A: Check it out! I pulled out all these weeds!
Shizuku: Yes, you did. That's incredible!
Local Elementary Schooler B: I pulled out a bunch too!
Local Elementary Schooler C: I want you to praise me too!
Shizuku: Hehe. We'll go one at a time.
Local Elementary Schoolers: Okay!
Shizuku: (Seeing all these children smile is so wonderful. I'm so glad I agreed to help out with this event.)
Mafuyu: Let's head over to the shrine, Hinomori. We need to start preparing for the test of courage.
Shizuku: Oh, is it time already?
Shizuku: I have to go now, but please keep doing your best to pull as many weeds as you can for me, okay?
Local Elementary Schooler A: Okay, bye bye!
Shizuku: (I want them all to keep having fun, so I'll need to do my best as a scarer.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Mountain]

Shizuku: Boo♪
Local A: Eep! A spirit...!
Local B: Wait a second... You're Shizuku, aren't you?
Shizuku: I'm playing a yuki-onna right now. Look, I can make it snow... Huh? Nothing's coming out...
Shizuku: Oh, I pressed the wrong button... Let me try that again... I'm going to make it snow now, so please take this opportunity to cool off if you like.
(Black cut)
Shizuku: *Blow*
Local Elementary Schooler A: Whoa, it's so cold!
Local Elementary Schooler B: That breeze... Huh?! Oh, it's you, nice lady!
Shizuku: Hehe. Are you all enjoying yourselves?
Local Elementary Schooler C: Yeah! This test of courage isn't scary at all!
Local Elementary Schooler A: Look! We got these balloon dogs from that other nice lady we met!
Shizuku: Oh, that's so nice. But please be careful since it's very dark up ahead.
Local Elementary Schooler B: Okay! We'll see you later!
Shizuku: (Phew... Those children were the last group.)
Shizuku: (Asahina said she'd come and get me, but I'm not where I originally was. I should head back to my spot.)
Shizuku: (It was towards the shrine, so...left.)
Shizuku: That's strange... There should be that tree with the piece of cloth we hung up as a trail marker...
Shizuku: I'm not seeing it anywhere...
Shizuku: Oh, this path looks somewhat familiar... If I keep going, I should be able to—
???: You're going the wrong way.
Shizuku: Huh?
Shizuku: (A little girl...? I don't remember her volunteering today...)
???: This way...
Shizuku: Are you going to show me the way?
???: *Nod* Give me your hand.
Shizuku: Thank you. I really appreciate it.
Shizuku: (Her hand's so cold...)
???: Hehe. Even though you're a yuki-onna, your hand's warmer than mine.
Shizuku: But your hand feels nice and cool.
Shizuku: Do you live around here?
???: *Nod* We usually don't go out much, but I came to see what was going on since there were so many people here today.
???: Also, you looked a little lost.
Shizuku: This is a little embarrassing... But I'm glad you decided to help me. Thank you for being so kind.
???: Hehe... You're welcome.
???: Oh...
Shizuku: What is it?
???: It seems my friend brought her here.
Shizuku: Her?
Shizuku: Hi, Asahina!
Mafuyu: Hinomori, there you are. Thank goodness I was able to find you.
Shizuku: Me too. I got a little lost, but this little girl kindly showed me where to—
Shizuku: Huh?
Shizuku: (She's gone. Did she go home...?)
Shizuku: (I hope I get to see her again someday. I really need to thank her again for what she did...)
(Black cut)
