1029_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 A Blissful Moment With You (event_148)

Gacha phrase: Here, Shii. Open wide!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Haruka: Shizuku, over here.
Miku (MMJ): Shizuku♪
Shizuku: You're here early, Haruka. Have you already begun stretching?
Haruka: Yeah, I came here right after homeroom ended.
Haruka: But Minori's doing animal caretaker committee stuff right now, so she's going to be a bit late.
Shizuku: I see.
Shizuku: That reminds me. Airi's also going to be a little late. She went over to the office to ask the teachers some questions.
Len (MMJ): Then, once we've finished stretching, why don't we get started with practice without them?
Haruka: Okay. Oh, speaking of stretches...
Haruka: The ones you taught me the other day for increasing my flexibility have been doing wonders.
Haruka: Not only do they allow me to really get at the muscles I'm trying to stretch, they also help me relax.
Shizuku: They do? I also like those stretches because they feel so good.
Shizuku: So good that I'll fall asleep sometimes.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: (Oh...)
Haruka: Shizuku...?
KAITO (MMJ): Is something wrong?
Shizuku: No, it's just...
(Black cut)
Haruka: Even after the festival, your sister's staying up late each night to practice? I guess I shouldn't be surprised.
Shizuku: Yes...
Shizuku: But I feel like she should take a break, since she and the others just completed a very big challenge.
Miku (MMJ): But based on what you just said...
Len (MMJ): You didn't suggest that she take one?
Shizuku: I didn't...
Shizuku: She always looks like she's having so much fun whenever she's practicing. To her, it probably doesn't feel like she's pushing herself at all...
Shizuku: She's just having so much fun that she doesn't want to do anything else.
Haruka: Their debut song became a big hit, everyone has been talking about the song they made for that commercial, and they received a good response at that festival, after all.
KAITO (MMJ): They really seem to have caught an enormous wave.
Shizuku: They made their dream come true and got the best start imaginable... And I'm sure they feel that they need to keep pushing the envelope.
Shizuku: Which is why I feel that I shouldn't ruin their streak by asking her to take a break...
Haruka: Right...
Len (MMJ): Hmm... Still...
Miku (MMJ): If I were in her shoes, I wouldn't see it as much of an interruption.
Miku (MMJ): You are family after all♪
Miku (MMJ): If anything, I'd feel really happy, since a family member is showing genuine concern for me.
Shizuku: Oh...
KAITO (MMJ): Hehe. I agree.
Haruka: Me too. You know her better than anyone, so I feel that you're in the perfect position to tell her this.
Haruka: Also, she's a pro now, so it's important for her to take breaks when she can.
Haruka: Given how professional and responsible she is, I think she'll be more than willing to hear you out.
Shizuku: Hehe. You're right...
Shizuku: I was so worried about causing her trouble that I'd forgotten about that very important fact.
Shizuku: I'll try asking her later. If possible, I'd like to gradually lead into the topic...
Len (MMJ): Or you could just invite her to do something with you straight out. Wouldn't that also work?
KAITO (MMJ): You'd also be able to secure some quality time with her that way.
Shizuku: Of course!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Good luck!
Shizuku: Thank you, everyone! I really appreciate it!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Shizuku Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Vineyard]

Shizuku: Oh, these grapes have a rich color to them. They must be good.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Shiho: Mm. Yeah, they are.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: (I have to find the most delicious grapes I can. Especially if it means seeing Shii smile more like that.)
Saki: Oh, Shiho, over here! I found Shizuku!
Shiho: What are you doing over here at the edge of the vineyard?
Shizuku: Oh, that's because I wanted to find you the very best grapes!
Shizuku: Look, I found these right here. Don't they look delicious? I hope you'll try them.
Shiho: Thanks. But before we eat, do you know where Tsukasa went?
Saki: We've been looking for you and Tsukasa to show you two the grapes we picked!
Saki: Check these out! I got some shiny white grapes! See how plump and springy they look?!
Shiho: Plump and springy? Sounds like you're describing shrimp...
Shizuku: Hehe. But I understand what she means. They do look shiny, plump and springy.
Shizuku: We need to show them to Tsukasa. But where could he be...?
Shizuku: He also said that he's going to find the best grapes in the vineyard, so he may still be looking...
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Heeeeeeey!
Shizuku: Huh?
Tsukasa: I did it! I found this vineyard's number-one grapes!
Shiho: N-Number-one grapes...?
Tsukasa: What do you all think?! See how rich and dark this skin is?! There aren't many grapes on this bunch, but each one is massive!
Shiho: Come to think of it, they did mention how more grapes doesn't necessarily mean more flavor.
Shizuku: Yes, the growers explained that to us before we began.
Shizuku: However, Tsukasa, we also believe that we've found this vineyard's number-one grapes. Right, Saki?
Saki: Yeah! Your number-one grapes don't stand a chance against ours, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Oh, then let's see them!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Yes, your grapes also look excellent. I'm having trouble ranking them just based on their appearance.
Shizuku: Then, that leaves us with one choice. Why don't we see how they taste?
Saki: Finally! Can I have one of yours, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Yes, of course! Take as many as you like!
Shizuku: Let's also trade, Shii.
Shiho: Okay. You can also have as many as you like.
Saki: Mmmmmmmm! So gooooood!
Shiho: I was actually still pretty full, but I've definitely got room in my stomach for these...
Shizuku: Hehe. Would you like another one?
Shiho: Hm? Sure... Thanks.
Tsukasa: Oh, I know...! I just thought of a decadent way to have these grapes!
Shizuku: Decadent?
Tsukasa: Yes! Take one, two, three of these number-one grapes and... Down the hatch!
Shizuku: Oh, you're having three at once?
Saki: What?! You're having three of these amazing grapes all at once?! That's super decadent!
Shiho: I'm amazed you got them to fit into your mouth.
Tsukasa: Under normal circumstances, I wouldn't do anything like this since we'd immediately run out of grapes. Fortunately, we can have as much as we like right now!
Tsukasa: You three should also try this! But not so many that you end up drowning in the grape juice!
Saki: Then, I'll try having two♪ Down the hatch!
Saki: Mmm! Mmm, mm-mm!
Shiho: I think she's trying to say, “Wow, I'm swimming in grape juice!”
Shizuku: Really?! Then, I'd like to try doing that as well.
Shizuku: I'm not sure about three, so I'll also try two at once... Here we go.
Shizuku: ...!
Shizuku: This is incredible...! My mouth immediately became filled with grape juice! It felt like I was drinking some from a bottle!
Saki: I know exactly what you mean! My mouth became so full that I had trouble drinking it all!
Shizuku: Yes, it really felt like I was swimming in grape juice!
Shizuku: So, Shii, would you also like to give it a try?
Shizuku: Oh, I know! Why don't you have a mix of red and white grapes?
Shiho: Yeah, that does sound good. Can I have one of yours, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes, of course!
Tsukasa: What?! You're going to blend them in your mouth?!
Tsukasa: Nice idea, Shizuku! I'll try doing that as well!
Saki: Me too! Me too!
Shizuku: Hehe. Then, why don't we all see how well they mix together?
(Black cut)
