1045_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Determined Brilliance (event_151)

Gacha phrase: I will glow brighter than anyone!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Shizuku: Are you seeing anything, Saito...?
Saito: Not a single new offer, it seems...
Haruka: Okay...
Saito: I'm sorry that this investigation has taken as much time as it already has. I wish I could do more for all of you...
Minori: No, don't say that! It could just be that we're not quite who everyone is looking for right now!
Shizuku: Yes, and we know that you're doing your best for us.
Airi: If anything, one could argue that we could be doing more as a group.
Haruka: In any case, let's try to see things in a positive light.
Haruka: For example... We now have more time for our streams.
Minori: Right! Especially since there were times when we had to take breaks from our streams, or all four of us weren't present!
Shizuku: True... Oh, since our schedule is open right now, why don't we try streaming every day for a whole week?
Saito: E-Every day for a whole week?!
Saito: What a wonderful reward for... No, I mean... Are you sure? I mean, that sounds like a lot of work...
Airi: Yeah, it's gonna take a lot of preparation, and it wouldn't really be possible under normal circumstances...
Shizuku: But we have plenty of time on our hands right now.
Shizuku: Which is why I'd like for us to do streams each day with the theme of “Let's Do Our Best Together This Week♪” in mind.
Haruka: That sounds nice... We can definitely set aside some time to get ready for it.
Haruka: Plus, we're not appearing as much on TV right now, so it'll be good for us to let everyone know that we're still around by doing ambitious streams like this.
Minori: I also don't mind if it's gonna be a lot of work. I wanna try doing streams for a whole week!
Minori: I mean, if it's for our fans, then I'm willing to take on tough challenges like this one!
Airi: Me too! Chances like this don't come around often, so let's make the most of it!
Shizuku: Yes, let's!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Then, during the week, we'll do morning streams of us doing stretches that can help wake you up.
Airi: I know. Since we're probably gonna be working late into the night preparing for the next day, why don't we all stay here at the MORE MORE HOUSE?
Airi: That way, we can film the person who gets up last each morning. How does that sound?
Shizuku: Oh, like a sleepover? That sounds like fun!
Minori: Wait, I'm probably gonna be the last person to get up! My hair's always a gigantic mess, so I'd sort of rather not be seen...
Haruka: Oh, that reminds me of our training camp...
Minori: No, don't remember! That was so embarrassing for me!
(Black cut)
Airi: Given that we're going to have solid ideas for our streams on Saturday and Sunday, it'd be nice to do evening streams during the week too.
Haruka: I agree. How does doing an evening or late-night stream each day sound?
Minori: Yeah! Two in one day!
Saito: B-But! Are you sure?! That means we'd get to see you all twice each day during the week!
Airi: Saito already sees us basically every day, and look how happy she is. That sounds worth doing to me.
Shizuku: That just leaves exactly what we're going to do...
Shizuku: Wait, I know. What if we tried making dinner together?
Minori: Oh, more cooking streams?! The ones we've done in the past have all done really well!
Shizuku: Exactly. I was thinking that we could try making some simple but nutritious dishes so that everyone else can follow along with.
Haruka: I like that. We could even take it a step further by asking everyone to post pictures of their dishes on social media.
Airi: Actually, if we're gonna do that, then we could post the recipes in advance and invite everyone to cook along with us!
Airi: Then, we'll take the pictures they post on social media and bring them up during the stream!
Shizuku: Oh, that sounds wonderful!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Minori: This is it! Our first day!
Haruka: Everything is ready to go, so let's make this week a fun one.
Airi: Shizuku! You came up with this idea, so you have the honors!
Shizuku: Yes, let's!
Shizuku: Let's do our best to make “MORE MORE WEEK! Spend a week with MORE MORE JUMP!” a fun experience for everyone!
Shizuku: MORE MORE...!
Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: GUSTO!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One week later]

Saito: Nice work with MORE MORE WEEK, everyone!
Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Nice work!
Minori: Mmm...! This juice tastes so good!
Saito: We have plenty, so feel free to have as much as you like.
Saito: Just doing streams for a week sounded challenging enough, but you even ended up making short videos of your dance practices... I honestly still can't believe it!
Saito: We've also seen a lot more subscribers to the channel over this week, so I would call this a definite success.
Airi: I'm glad we did this. Our fans seemed to really enjoy hanging out with us each day!
Haruka: Yeah, I also had a lot of fun this past week.
Minori: Me too! Can I get a refill on my juice, Saito?!
Saito: Of course!
Shizuku: (We still haven't been able to figure out why we've stopped receiving offers...)
Shizuku: (But as long as we have all these people supporting us, then we have to keep doing what we can for them.)
Shizuku: (And I'm not worried. I'm sure we'll figure out a way to get through this.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Airi: Alright... Ready, everyone?
Haruka: *Nod* We've finished passing out the drinks and snacks, so we should be able to begin whenever.
Minori: Then, here's to Shizuku's hard work and the shoot for her commercial going so well♪
Minori: Take it away for us, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Okay, then...
Shizuku: Cheers!
Minori, Haruka, Airi & Saito: Cheers!
Airi: These Japanese sweets are for you, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Thank you. These little birds made out of white bean paste and sugar are just so adorable.
Saito: They really are! Where did you find these?
Haruka: At the mall. This shop just happened to have a pop-up stall there when we went over to shop for this party.
Minori: We need to thank our lucky stars for coming across these yummy and adorable treats!
Minori: So... Here's a panda manju for you, Saito!
Saito: Thank you very much...!
Saito: You got this just for me... I promise to save it until just before it expires!
Airi: We were hoping that you'd eat it today...
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm glad you like it so much.
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): <Make your eyes more radiant.>
Minori: Oh...! Look, her Gran Fleur commercial's playing on the TV!
Minori: No matter how many times I watch it, I still can't believe how beautiful she looks...!
Saito: I know, right...?! I actually watched it over and over in order to build up some resistance, but I just kept falling further and further in love with her...!
Saito: Especially when they go in for her close-up. I'm still too afraid to look directly at her.
Minori: Exactly. It always takes a really long time to settle your mind after your favorite idol shines so blindingly bright!
Minori: I also kept watching it on loop in order to be able to take in Shizuku's overwhelming beauty in its full form...!
Shizuku: That's so kind of you two. You really watched my commercial that many times?
Airi: Geez... If these two keep watching it on loop, then they're gonna end up becoming responsible for a huge percentage of the video views.
Airi: Oh, speaking of that site... The day that commercial was uploaded, it immediately found its way into the trend rankings!
Haruka: Yeah, a lot of our fans also said they watched it.
Haruka: As a result, it's reached an enormous number of views, and the comments section is buzzing too.
Minori: #Shizuku even started trending on the other social media platforms! I was actually so surprised that I almost dropped my phone!
Saito: The response she got really was unbelievable...! Plus, a lot of people seem to have learned about MORE MORE JUMP! for the first time through her commercial.
Saito: It's hard to say if there's a direct correlation, but the streams that have been archived have also been getting more views.
Airi: A huge success in every way.
Shizuku: Yes, I'm glad that I was able to make such a major contribution.
Haruka: Thank you for all your hard work, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Huh?
Haruka: I was actually a little worried, since we placed such high expectations on you...
Shizuku: Oh...
Airi: We jumped to how this could lead to more work for us, which was only made worse by the fact that the offer was directed only at you.
Minori: And you ended up working super duper hard for our sake...
Haruka: But you won a spot to appear on that commercial.
Haruka: Not only did you have a successful shoot, you even managed to get everyone to start talking about MORE MORE JUMP!
Haruka: As this group's producer, I can confidently say that you really saved us.
Haruka: So, allow me to thank you again for your efforts.
Shizuku: Haruka...
Shizuku: I need to thank all of you as well.
Shizuku: I must have made you all worry by expressing doubt and not showing more backbone...
Minori: No, that's totally normal! My heart probably would've exploded if I were placed in the same situation.
Haruka: Mine too. This commercial was never going to be an easy job, regardless of who was chosen to appear in it...
Airi: But you passed this test with flying colors, Shizuku. You lived up to our lofty expectations and achieved a tremendous result.
Airi: So, instead of feeling bad, you should be feeling proud!
Shizuku: Thank you. The fact that you were all willing to believe in me during this crucial period...
Shizuku: That filled me with so much happiness. That's what gave me the strength to see this challenge through until the end.
Saito: Shizuku...
Shizuku: Of course, I'm happy that I was able to do well during the shoot, and about how well received the commercial has been...
Shizuku: But most of all, I'm proud of the fact that I was able to help our group during our time of need.
Haruka: I see. Then, I'm glad you feel that way.
Airi: Anyway, let's keep eating, shall we? There are still plenty of Japanese sweets left.
Minori: And you're free to have as much as you like, because you're the star of today's show, Shizuku!
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you. But you bought so many different kinds that I don't know where to begin...
Saito: Oh, then... How about these manju? I think they're made using tofu skin, and they look very good!
Minori: As for me, I have some special yokan for you♪ It's designed to look like the night sky, and has this beautiful color gradation to it!
Airi: How about some of these dango? The red bean paste has bits of real peach in it!
Haruka: You have your share of picks. Why not take this opportunity to try all of them? This is also my cheat day, so I'll help you finish them.
Shizuku: Thank you! Then, I'll get started on these now.
(Black cut)
