1104_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Enamored Of Flower Stitches (event_156)

Gacha phrase: The flowers are all so cute...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Vacant Classroom]

Shizuku: Okay, are you watching?
Shizuku: After you've made your petal, you pull your needle and thread all the way through the back...
Shizuku: And then, you tie the top part down by making a little hoop. This is called a “lazy daisy stitch”.
Haruka: Oh, that's really cute. It looks like a little droplet.
Shizuku: By repeating this process, you can make a whole flower. You can even use this to make leaves.
Shizuku: The key is to sew slowly and gently so that your petal keeps its shape.
Mafuyu: Okay, I'll give it a try.
(Black cut)
Shizuku: (Asahina and Haruka seem so focused.)
Shizuku: (I'm glad that they're both enjoying embroidery this much.)
Shizuku: (Still...)
Shizuku: (I can faintly hear somebody playing the trumpet...)
Shizuku: (Practicing during lunch like this means they must be very committed...)
Shizuku: (I can hear laughter from outside too...)
Shizuku: (It sounds like a fun conversation. They must be having lunch together...)
Shizuku: (Somehow, time seems to be flowing at such a gentle pace...)
Haruka: Having fun?
Shizuku: Huh...?
Haruka: You seem to be really enjoying yourself, is all.
Shizuku: This moment in time just feels so idyllic.
Shizuku: Everybody seems to be enjoying their lunch break the way they like, and I'm getting to share my hobby with my friends.
Shizuku: As a student of this school, I feel incredibly privileged to enjoy such a lovely day.
Haruka: As a student of this school...
Shizuku: Yes. I know what I'm saying isn't all that profound, but somehow, it hit me so deeply just now.
Haruka: I think I know what you mean.
Haruka: We haven't been able to relax much, since we're constantly practicing our singing and dancing, as well as coming up with stream ideas. Being an idol means a lot of busy hours.
Haruka: So it's important to cherish these peaceful, quiet moments.
Mafuyu: My experience of it might be a little different from yours, but I do think it's important to have some time to switch off, as it were.
Mafuyu: It's easy to overwhelm yourself if you get a little too focused on studying.
Shizuku: You've felt the same way, Asahina? I didn't know we shared that.
Mafuyu: Hehe. It happens to me all the time. Sometimes I feel like not a single thing more will fit inside my head.
Mafuyu: But when that happens, I take a break and think slowly back on what I've learned.
Mafuyu: By doing so, I give myself a chance to process that information and begin comprehending it.
Haruka: Yes, it is important to know your own limits.
Haruka: Whenever I have trouble learning a new dance, I take a step back from practicing and try to sort out my thoughts.
Shizuku: That reminds me of how you make stew...
Mafuyu: Stew?
Shizuku: Yes, because you need to let it rest to bring out the flavor. Right?
Mafuyu: I see... You have a point there.
Shizuku: See? There really is nothing better than a daikon slice that's soaked with flavor.
Haruka: Wait, I thought we were talking about the importance of knowing when to take a break.
Mafuyu: Hehe. Our conversation's gone in a much more appetizing direction.
Haruka: I feel like having some stew now. Some sweet and spicy lotus roots and konjac jelly would really hit the spot.
Shizuku: Yes, both of those do very well as part of a stew.
Haruka: Yeah, I like them a lot because they're healthy and full of fiber.
Shizuku: What's your favorite kind of stew, Asahina?
Mafuyu: Me? Well, I do enjoy a good chikuzenni...
Mafuyu: I like the crunchiness of the bamboo shoots and the softness of the taro roots.
Shizuku: Yes, I also love chikuzenni!
Shizuku: (Hehe. Chatting while embroidering with my friends like this is so much fun...)
Shizuku: Oh, speaking of stew, Airi taught me this wonderful recipe for braised pork that just melts in your mouth...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Shizuku: Hello, everyone! Thank you for joining us again today.
Minori: MORE MORE JUMP! is now streaming live!
Airi: Today, we're going to have Shizuku teach us how to embroider, like we announced the other day.
Shizuku: I hope some of you use this opportunity to take it up. Those of you who are ready to sew are welcome to join us.
Comments: <Okay!> <I love embroidering, so I've been really excited about this stream!> <I borrowed my grandma's sewing kit!>
Shizuku: Thank you all very much!
Shizuku: I promise to make things as easy to understand as I can, so let's do our best together.
Shizuku: So, it's time to begin Shizuku Hinomori's Embroidering Class.
Minori: Let's get started!
Shizuku: We have two types of stitches on today's agenda.
Shizuku: Once you've gotten the hang of them, we'll try embroidering a simple design together. I'll announce which designs we'll be using in a little bit, so please stay tuned.
Shizuku: Anyway, let's begin with our first stitch...
(Black cut)
Shizuku: *Nod* Very good. You're all doing an excellent job.
Shizuku: So, next, let's put the outline and satin stitches we just covered into practice by embroidering a simple design.
Shizuku: Which will be a four-leaf clover. It's mostly very simple, but there are a couple difficult sections. So, it should be a fun challenge.
Shizuku: Here is what it will look like. Please feel free to use it for reference, everyone.
Shizuku: The leaves will be made using satin stitches, while the stem will be made using an outline stitch.
Haruka: Wow, Shizuku, your clover's so beautiful.
Comments: <It looks storebought...> <Your clover's so cute, Shizuku!>
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you, everyone. I hope you all get to finish your clovers before our stream ends.
Minori: Alright, I'm gonna make mine look just like hers!
Comments: <I dunno...> <This doesn't seem like your cup of tea, Minori.>
Minori: What?! But I did fine when we practiced just now, so it'll turn out okay!
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Shizuku: How are your clovers coming along?
Minori: Wait, are we out of time already?! No, I'm still nowhere near finished!
Airi: Yeah, but it still looks pretty good. You should show her your progress.
Haruka: How about I go first? Can you take a look, Ms. Shizuku?
Shizuku: Of course♪ Yes, this is very tidy work... Your clover looks nicely balanced.
Comments: <That's amazing, Haruka...!> <You looked like a pro. You didn't hesitate for a second.> <Does this mean she also has a talent for embroidery?!>
Haruka: Hehe. Thank you, everyone. I appreciate the compliments.
Minori: Can you take a look at mine next...?!
Shizuku: Okay. I know you didn't get a chance to finish, but your leaves are beautifully made.
Minori: Th-They are?
Shizuku: Yes, it's clear that you took your time and carefully put in each stitch.
Comments: <Yeah, you did a pretty good job.> <Nice work, Minori!> <We know you did your best!>
Minori: Th-Thank goodness! I really appreciate it, you guys!
Haruka: She usually does pretty well when she takes things slow and steady.
Airi: Anyway, can you take a look at mine next?
Shizuku: Okay, Airi... Oh, this is incredible! Not only does is it well-formed, your stitchwork is beautiful too!
Airi: I actually do a lot of sewing. Replacing buttons, fixing sleeves, you name it.
Shizuku: That certainly explains why it looks professionally done. Oh, you even included a little butterfly!
Airi: I had a little time at the end, so I decided to throw in something extra. It's a nice touch, right?
Comments: <A perfect clover and a butterfly...?!> <You're way too good at this, Airi...!> <You should list this as one of your talents on your profile.>
Airi: Thanks for the comments, you guys. Now I'm really glad that I went all out.
Shizuku: I really am impressed, since this was basically the first time you three tried embroidery.
Haruka: Now that I'm seeing what we all made, I'm starting to think that we're pretty good at these kinds of things.
Minori: Yeah, I had a lot of fun watching my work come together little by little!
Airi: Hehe. Me too. It's sort of how we do things, isn't it?
Airi: Oh... That unexpected nugget is unfortunately our cue to wrap things up for today.
Comments: <Your embroidery class was so much fun!> <Please do a second one soon.> <This was my first time embroidering, but I wanna try it again!>
Shizuku: Thank you...! We hope that you take pictures of what you made and share them on social media.
Shizuku: Anyway, we'll see you again!
Haruka, Minori & Airi: See you soon!
(Black cut)
