1113_Shizuku Hinomori_R3 Trial Skin Care Routine (event_157)

Gacha phrase: It's so fun to test new things out.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Airi: Shizuku, I've finished filling out that skincare product survey you put together for the stream!
Minori: I'm also done! Did I answer appropriately?
Shizuku: Thank you both very much! I'll need a second to see what you wrote.
Shizuku: Thank you both for being so thorough. I really appreciate it.
Shizuku: Haruka also filled it out... So, it might be time for my trial run.
Minori: That means you're actually gonna try some skincare products that are currently trending, right?
Shizuku: Yes, my plan is to divide them into two sets to simplify things for everyone watching. One for lighter products that absorb quickly, and another for heavier, more moisturizing products.
Shizuku: Also, while shooting that commercial, one of the company's representatives gave me samples of their products. I'll be trying those out as well.
Airi: Oh, great idea! They're definitely gonna love it if you bring those up during the stream.
Shizuku: Hehe. I certainly hope so.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Shizuku's Room]

Shizuku: Let's see... This is a set of lighter products...
Shizuku: And this is a set of more moisture-oriented products. And there's also the samples I received during the shoot...
Shizuku: But which should I try first...?
Shizuku: Come to think of it, they said these samples are from their new line.
Shizuku: Hehe. Since they were kind enough to give me these, I think I'll try them out today.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

(Place: MORE MORE HOUSE)
Shizuku's Voice (Shizuku): Good morning, Haruka, Minori.
Haruka: Morning, Shizuku.
Minori: Morning, Shizuku... Huh?!
Minori: U-Uhh...
Minori: You seem so sparkly for some reason today!
Shizuku: Huh? Sparkly?
Airi: Morning!
Saito: Good morning, everyone!
Shizuku: Oh, Airi, Saito. Good morning.
Airi & Saito: Huh...? Huh?!
Minori: Airi! Saito! Doesn't Shizuku seem really sparkly for some reason today?!
Airi: Y-Yeah...
Airi: I mean, what's gotten into you? You hardly ever put on this much makeup when you're not scheduled to do a shoot.
Shizuku: You see, I started trying some skincare products yesterday in preparation for that stream idea.
Shizuku: I decided to try some of the samples I received while shooting that commercial, and I noticed that my makeup was applying so much more smoothly. One thing led to another...
Shizuku: And I ended up going all out.
Haruka: That's understandable. Makeup is so much more fun when your skin cooperates like that.
Shizuku: Exactly! Oh, I actually brought some for all of you to try. Here you are, Saito.
Saito: Oh, okay! Thank you so much...
Minori: But you're already dazzling on a daily basis, Shizuku. If this stuff made you look even more amazing...
Minori: What's gonna happen when I use it?!
Saito: Actually, is it even okay for someone like me to use these products? It might change me to the point of being unrecognizable...
Airi: I'm not so sure about that.
Haruka: But it is always fun to try something that you normally don't.
Shizuku: Precisely!
Shizuku: And I hope our viewers get to have just as much fun when they watch.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Shizuku: Thank you all for gathering here today. I hope we have a good stream rehearsal.
Shizuku: That includes you, Saito. Haruka just couldn't make it today, so I really appreciate you filling in for her.
Saito: No, don't thank me. I doubt I'll be able to fill her shoes, but I promise to do my best to help out!
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you for saying that. But we're just doing a table read today, so please try to relax.
Minori: Then, since everything's ready, let's get started!
(Black cut)
Minori & Saito: It's back!
Shizuku & Airi: The MORE MORE Skincare Segment!
Shizuku: Thank you all for tuning in to our stream today.
Shizuku: Today, we'll be doing another skincare segment since it got such a good response last time.
Shizuku: I'll begin by interviewing the others about how they each take care of their skin. Then, I'll present a few products that I recommend and finish the stream by taking questions from everyone watching.
Minori: Alright, let's begin the interview!
Shizuku: Okay. Now, I know we all treat our skin differently depending on what sort of condition it's in. So, I'd like to hear what sort of things you all take into account.
Airi: Well, the products I use tend to differ based on the time of year.
Airi: For example, during summer when it's humid, I try to use things that are less sticky. But I'll switch to more moisturizing products when the air becomes drier.
Minori: Me too. I use moisturizing creams during winter to make sure my skin doesn't get all dry and flaky!
Saito: Yes, it is important to adjust as the seasons change. Doing so can solve a lot of skin problems.
Shizuku: Hehehe. I agree. Why don't we use this opportunity to consider some new options for when our skin isn't behaving the way we want?
Minori, Airi & Saito: Okay!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Alright, we'll end the interview portion here... Next, I'll present some skincare products that I really recommend.
Airi: We need to get some things ready for the next segment, so you'll need to excuse us for a little bit.
Minori: We'll be right back, you guys!
Shizuku: Let's do our best without them in the meantime, Haruka.
Saito: Yeah, we've got this.
Saito: This time around, Shizuku... You're, uhh... Going to showcase some skincare products for us that you really recommend, right?
Shizuku: Yes, that's right. I tried quite a few and separated the ones I thought were the best into two categories.
Shizuku: So, let's begin with the light set.
Shizuku: These are lighter products that absorb quickly. We'll begin with some facial toner.
Shizuku: I recommend this set very much for those who aren't exactly fans of products that leave your skin feeling sticky.
Saito: Alright, I'll tell everyone about the products in the moisturization set.
Saito: Let's see... This set focuses on moisturizing your skin, and we'll start with a face serum.
Saito: This set does its job really well, so I recommend it to those with skin that tends to become flaky and scaly when the air is really dry.
Saito: But, to understand the benefits of each set, it might be best to try out both since they have such different purposes in mind!
Shizuku: Yes, I agree. So, why don't we ask the other two to join us?
Shizuku: Airi! Minori!
Airi: Heh heh heh... We're back! And with no makeup on!
Minori: We will be the ones testing these sets out in order to see if they really work! We're calling this portion of the program...
Airi & Minori: The MORE MORE No Makeup Test!
Shizuku & Saito: Yay!
Shizuku: For this test, we'll be having these two use one of the sets we just mentioned on one half of their faces, and one on the other.
Shizuku: We'd greatly appreciate it if you could both talk about how each feels different and what you think about them.
Minori: Yeah, no problem!
Minori: So, I'll begin with the light set! Start with the facial toner and...
Minori: Wow...! This stuff goes on so smoothly...!
Airi: Yeah, and... It feels like my skin's absorbing it so fast!
Shizuku: Hehe. It sounds like you immediately noticed the benefits. Next, if you two could try the moisturizing set.
Airi: We're supposed to start with this serum, right? I'll take a normal amount, and...
Airi: Whoa...!
Airi: This texture... Moisturized doesn't begin to describe this sensation!
Minori: My skin feels way softer than normal now...!
Airi: Really? Then... Lemme see for myself.
Minori: Huh?
Airi: Pinch!
Minori: Huh? Fwah?! Fwairi, fwhat are you fooing?!
Airi: Hehe. You're right. Your skin feels way softer than normal. This stuff's amazing, Shizuku!
Shizuku: I'm glad you're both enjoying this set so much. Thank you again for agreeing to do this.
Shizuku: We'll post the sets we presented today on social media later, so we hope you get a chance to try them out yourselves.
Shizuku: Next, it's time for a Q&A. Please feel free to post any questions that you'd like us to answer in the chat.
Saito: Okay, let's see... For our first question...
(Black cut)
Shizuku: That's it for this rehearsal. What did you all think?
Airi: That went pretty well. Your explanation was really good, and seeing really is believing as far as the test portion goes.
Saito: *Sigh* I was so nervous...
Shizuku: Thank you very much, Saito. You did a wonderful job of filling in for Haruka.
Saito: R-Really?! Thank goodness...!
Minori: Now we just have to see what Haruka thinks!
Airi: Yeah. Once she gives the green light, then we should be all set to go with this.
Shizuku: After she does, I'll do my best to polish up what I can!
Shizuku: (Thank goodness my stream idea came together so nicely.)
Shizuku: (This should give our group a bit of a boost.)
Shizuku: (And I'd like to keep doing what I can moving forward.)
(Black cut)
