1178_Shizuku Hinomori_R2 Calm For The Hard Workers (event_168)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[Outside the MORE MORE HOUSE]

Airi: It's already getting dark... The day just flew by while we practiced.
Shizuku: Hehe. But I feel that we improved quite a lot today.
Airi: We are able to do a lot more when we sing and dance now. So, let's maintain this momentum and keep doing our best tomorrow!
Shizuku: Right. Oh, Airi... Would it be alright if I went over to that vending machine to buy a drink?
Airi: No problem. I emptied my bottle while practicing, so I think I'll also...
Airi: *Gasp* I left my bottle in the practice room!
Airi: Sorry, Shizuku, I'll be right back. Can you wait here for me?
Shizuku: Okay. But it's not like you to forget this sort of thing, Airi.
Airi: Yeah, I must be more exhausted from practice than I realized. Anyway, be right back...
Shizuku: Okay, but there's no rush.
Shizuku: (Is Airi okay...?)
Shizuku: (Minori and Haruka have also seemed rather tired in recent days.)
Shizuku: (I wish there were a way for me to help relieve them of their fatigue. Even just a little bit, so they can keep doing their best during practice...)
Shizuku: Wait, that's it...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Shizuku: There we are.
Minori's Voice (Minori): Good morning!
Shizuku: Oh, wonderful...! They're just in time!
Haruka's Voice (Haruka): Wait, Minori, your socks don't match.
Minori's Voice (Minori): Huh? No, you're right?!
Airi's Voice (Airi): Geez, it's always the textbook flubs with you...
Shizuku: Hehe. They're so full of energy this morning.
Minori: Oh, Shizuku, morning! We didn't realize you were already here!
Shizuku: Yes, there was something that I wanted to do.
Minori: Something you wanted to do?
Airi: I have a feeling that those have something to do with it. Check out what's on the table.
Minori: Oh, these flowers are adorable! The petals are arranged like little stars!
Shizuku: They're called pentas. Some compare the flowers to shooting stars, and say they symbolize your hopes and dreams coming true.
Airi: That's beautiful. And they really help brighten up this room.
Shizuku: I'm glad you all like them so much.
Haruka: But why'd you decide to get these all of a sudden?
Shizuku: Between practicing very hard and coming up with stream ideas, I've noticed that you've all been incredibly busy lately...
Shizuku: So, I hoped some cute flowers would help you relax.
Airi: Shizuku...
Shizuku: Also, I brewed some herbal tea for us to have during our meeting.
Minori: Oh, I was wondering what smelled so nice. It was your tea!
Shizuku: Yes, and it should be ready in just another minute.
Minori: Wow, Shizuku, thank you so much!
Haruka: Then, in the meantime, why don't we start setting up for our meeting?
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Thank you all for waiting. It's very hot, so please be careful.
Minori: *Sigh* What a soothing aroma...!
Shizuku: It's lavender tea, and its aroma is in fact supposed to be quite relaxing.
Shizuku: I also bought some mizu-yokan if you like.
Airi: Oh, the packaging's covered in cute flowers. It's nice how they're bite-sized too.
Shizuku: Hehe. I made sure to get low-sugar ones, so I hope you try them.
Haruka: In that case, I'll take one. Mmm... This is really good.
Haruka: They're not too sweet, so they go really well with this tea. I do feel nice and relaxed now.
Minori: Me too! We have these cute flowers, this herbal tea and some really yummy Japanese sweets...
Minori: My mind and body are in such a great place right now!
Airi: Same. Being able to relax like this should help us come up with good ideas during our meeting.
Airi: Thanks for doing all this for us, Shizuku.
Shizuku: You're welcome. I'm glad that I could help you all somehow.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Airi: Here you are, Shizuku. I brought the DVD recordings of Hiyori's TV appearances.
Shizuku: Thank you so much, Airi...! Wow, you recorded so many.
Airi: These are her close-coverage interviews, and these are her music-program appearances. I even have recordings of when she was invited onto variety shows as a guest.
Shizuku: Hehe. With so many choices, I don't know where to begin. Which do you recommend, Airi...?
Airi: Well, to start, I'd say this one...!
Airi: Her second close-coverage documentary!
Shizuku: Oh, isn't this the program you said you watched when you were little...?
Airi: That's right. But this is her second appearance, so you get to see her after she's grown as a professional!
Shizuku: Really...?! I can't wait to watch it.
Airi: Lemme pop in the DVD... Alright, let's watch.
Narrator: <The professional we'll be covering this week is the ever-popular idol, Hiyori, for a second time!>
Narrator: <Our last episode with her received an incredible response, and it's been one year since then. You'll get to see what Hiyori is up to nowadays.>
Camera Operator: <Would it be alright if I started by asking you about your schedule for today?>
Hiyori: <I'm off to do some voice training now, and I have a shoot afterwards... And later this evening, I have an interview for a magazine!>
Camera Operator: <I see. As packed a schedule as ever.>
Shizuku: (Yes, very packed... Having to do all those things in one day seems so challenging.)
Narrator: <Hiyori has arrived at the studio where she'll be doing voice training. Today, we've been given special permission to film as she practices her new song.>
Hiyori: <————♪ ——————♪>
Hiyori: <Oh, I'm sorry. Would you be okay with me singing the chorus here with a little more energy? I'm hoping that I can give my listeners a boost of encouragement that way...>
Voice Teacher: <Yes, I see. Then, let's do a take with you singing just like that.>
Hiyori: <Thank you!>
Hiyori: <————♪ ——————♪>
Shizuku: Wow, she sounds completely different...
Shizuku: I really see what she means about sounding more encouraging.
Airi: Pretty amazing, right? She has this way of lighting your heart on fire. Just listening to her fills me with all this energy...
Narrator: <Following her voice-training session, we find her in the green room at a TV station.>
Program Staff Member: <I'm looking forward to working with you today, Hiyori!>
Hiyori: <Likewise! Oh, please have some of these if you like.>
Program Staff Member: <Wow, thank you! Wait, these are those chick cookies everybody's been talking about lately!>
Hiyori: <Hehe. That's right. I brought enough for the entire staff, so I hope you all get to have some!>
Shizuku: (Despite having such a busy schedule, she found the time to buy snacks for the staff...)
Narrator: <Day three. Today, we're at a meet-and-greet photo-op event.>
Hiyori: <You saw me on that show? Thank you so much!>
Hiyori: <Oh, the pose from that time? Hehe. No problem. To your heart from mine, here's a Hiyori peace sign☆>
Shizuku: (Hehe. That's so cute. Any fan would become even more passionate after seeing that.)
Shizuku: (She even fulfilled all the other requests that her fans asked of her. Not only that, she and the regulars seemed like old friends...)
Shizuku: (She really is a wonderful idol.)
Shizuku: (No matter how busy she is, she's always doing her best with a smile to bring her fans energy. And she's so kind to the staff...)
Shizuku: (She brings cheer to everybody around her.)
Shizuku: (Huh...? Wait, that also applies to...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: Oh... Hehe.
Airi: Shizuku?
Shizuku: I was just thinking how you and Hiyori are so alike.
Airi: Wait, you think so?
Shizuku: The way she posed with her fans at that event reminded me of you.
Airi: Really...?
Airi: I appreciate you saying that, since the way I interact with my fans is based on what I've seen her do.
Shizuku: It's like a big relay...
Airi: A relay?
Shizuku: Yes. She passed the baton to you, which you carried forward. Then, you passed it to me.
Shizuku: I've been copying you quite a lot because I want to be just like you, Airi.
Airi: Shizuku...
Airi: In that case, let's keep copying each other.
Airi: You've also given me a ton of gifts. So, let's keep doing our best by making the most of the things we've given each other.
Shizuku: Yes, let's!
(Black cut)
