1209_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 A Comforting Breakfast (event_174)

Gacha phrase: It tastes so wonderful...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[The Lumina Forum - Cafeteria]

Minori: Nom-nom... I have to eat these fast...
Airi: You're gonna choke if you don't take your time.
Minori: *Gag* *Cough*
Airi: Seriously, what did I just say?
Chiharu: A-Are you okay, Hanasato...?! Here, have some water.
Minori: Th-Thanks...! Phew...
Shizuku: We still have some time, so there's no need to rush.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

MC: <Your first task will be announced in the main ballroom in one hour! We ask those who are interested in participating to please be there! See you then!>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Shizuku: Lumina Time... What do you think they're going to have us do?
Yu: I don't know... It's a grand prix, so some sort of battle would be appropriate, no?
Akari: Maybe a dance or singing battle?
Airi: But this is Ms. Arisawa we're talking about, so I've gotta think she's gonna throw us a few curveballs.
Haruka: She did go out of her way to set up a whole training camp facility just for this program.
Minori: What if we're asked to do something really hard? What do we do then...?
Airi: Whatever it is, it'll be a chance to prove ourselves.
Airi: And this is the first one, so it's sure to get a lot of attention.
Chiharu: Some people are probably going to decide which groups to support based on their first impressions.
Shizuku: Which means we need to do our best to get off to a good start.
Shizuku: (Everyone is so motivated...)
Shizuku: (I need to be ready for whatever they throw at us.)
Shizuku: (Starting with recharging my batteries by finishing this meal.)
Shizuku: Huh?
Airi: Hm? What's wrong, Shizuku?
Shizuku: This miso soup...
Shizuku: It tastes so wonderful...!
Minori: Huh...?
Shizuku: The broth they used has such a gentle flavor to it. And these daikon slices just fall apart in your mouth.
Shizuku: Oh, I'm sorry... I didn't mean to change the subject so suddenly.
Yu: There's no need to worry about that.
Chiharu: Are you a fan of miso soup, Hinomori?
Shizuku: Yes. So much so that I'll bring some in a thermos from time to time.
Airi: Yeah, you do like to have miso soup during practice.
Yu: Wait, during practice...?
Akari: Umm... I've never heard of this before, but is it one of the secrets behind your beauty, Hinomori...?
Shizuku: No, it's nothing like that.
Shizuku: I just like to have something that's soothing whenever I'm feeling tired. It also helps warm my body back up after I've been cooled by sweat and replenishes my electrolyte reserves.
Shizuku: Plus, I can change the broth or ingredients I use to keep things fun and interesting.
Yu: R-Right...
Akari: It is interesting when you put it that way! I feel like giving it a try now.
Shizuku: Yes, I hope you find a miso soup recipe that you truly enjoy.
Akari: That I truly enjoy... Then, I might try clam miso soup since it's supposed to be good for your skin!
Minori: Oh, I also wanna give that a try!
Chiharu: Adding some protein supplements could conceivably work...
Akari: What? You're joking, right?
Haruka: She might be right...
Minori: What?!
Airi: You really just helped settle our nerves, Shizuku.
Haruka: Yeah, I feel a lot more relaxed now.
Haruka: Also...
Haruka: After talking so much about it, I feel like having some miso soup now.
Minori: Hehe. You did get the sandwich set today, Haruka.
Airi: I know what you mean. I think I'll get a bowl as well.
Chiharu: Oh... In that case, can we join you?
Shizuku: Hehe. Let's all go together. I'm also looking to get a refill.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[The Lumina Forum - Meeting Room]

Airi: Alright, our practice schedule for the duration of the training camp is all set.
Shizuku: All that remains is how we're going to handle our streams.
Haruka: Right, since we're mainly going to be appearing on this program's official stream for a good while.
Haruka: But I'd like to stay in touch with our fans by continuing to do streams on our own channel.
Minori: Then, what should our first stream be about?
Airi: Well, why don't we talk about our goals surrounding this grand prix? I know there are some things I could say now that it's underway.
Minori: Yeah, that's a great idea! There's so much I wanna talk about!
Haruka: If that's going to be our theme, then we'll want to stream... Some open space within this facility.
Haruka: We'll want to give them a taste of the atmosphere, what this facility has to offer and the feel of the grand prix in general.
Airi: But things could get loud if we choose somewhere a lot of the other idols frequent, so we should try to find a spot more conducive to conversation.
Minori: Hmm... So, where would be good...?
Shizuku: Oh... If that's what we want, then I think I know just the place.
Haruka: Just the place?
Shizuku: Yes. It's a small space for taking breaks, and there's usually not a lot of people around. It should be perfect.
Airi: Wow, how'd you find that?
Shizuku: While I was taking a walk around the training camp.
Minori: Wait, a walk? By yourself...?
Airi: You wandered off on your own again...? This place is huge. Did you get lost at all?
Shizuku: Hehe. I was fine. I managed to get back safely, didn't I?
Shizuku: I know. Why don't we go take a look at the place I just mentioned right now?
Haruka: Yeah, actually seeing it should help us get a better idea of how things will go. However...
Minori: That means you have to guide us there, right, Shizuku?
Airi: Are you sure you can get us there?
Shizuku: Yes, I remember the path I took, so we should be fine.
Haruka: In that case, lead the way.
Airi: Yeah, you do sound pretty confident.
Shizuku: I am. So, please follow me.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Corridor]

Shizuku: Let's see... I'm fairly certain that it was this way.
Minori: Um, Shizuku? I feel like we've been going in circles for a while now...
Shizuku: Huh? Really?
Haruka: Yeah, this is our third time passing by this place.
Airi: I had a feeling this would happen...
Shizuku: That's strange... It should be here somewhere...
Airi: Oh, you guys, look at the monitor... I think we're being streamed right now.
Haruka: You're right. People are also posting comments.
Minori: Hello!
Comments: <What are you girls doing?> <You've been walking around this area for a while now.>
Shizuku: There's actually somewhere we want to go, but I seem to have forgotten how to get there.
Comments: <Attention. We have a group of lost girls.> <Where do you want to go?>
Shizuku: Umm... It was at the end of the corridor and there was a sofa... Oh, as well as a large flower vase.
Comments: <Are you talking about the place you found during your walk the other day?> <Pretty sure that's way in the other direction!>
Shizuku: Oh, it is? The other direction is... This way?
Comments: <No, the other way!> <Take a right at that corner!>
Haruka: This feels like...
Minori: Satnav...?!
Shizuku: Turn right, go up the stairs and continue straight ahead, yes?
Shizuku: Thank you. I appreciate you all helping again like this.
Minori: Wait, again?
Airi: Now I see... That solves the mystery of how you didn't get lost during your last walk.
Haruka: They collectively acted as your navigator.
Minori: Hehe. They're all here to help her, so she should be fine even if she gets lost again.
Airi: Yeah. This might actually be the perfect place for Shizuku since she has all these navigators at her disposal.
(Black cut)
