1221_Shizuku Hinomori_R4 Giving The Perfect Smile (event_176)

Skill name: A Stroll Down Memory Lane
Gacha phrase: I managed to play the part again.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori)

[The Lumina Forum - Meeting Room]

Shizuku: Self-introductions?
Haruka: Yeah. I have to believe that a lot of people watching the Lumina Grand Prix are getting to know us for the very first time.
Haruka: I was thinking that we could do a stream that lets them learn more about us.
Airi: I like it. Even our regular viewers might learn some new nuggets.
Minori: But what should we say about ourselves?
Haruka: This stream's meant to be for new viewers, so the classics should be fine. Hobbies, special skills, things like that.
Shizuku: Our hobbies... In that case, I think I'll discuss embroidering.
Minori: That'd be great! Especially considering how beautiful the stuff you make is, Shizuku!
Airi: You could even show them some of your work, right?
Shizuku: Oh, that's a good idea. Alright, I'll try to make something by then.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Cafeteria]

Shizuku: (Thank goodness I brought all of my embroidering equipment. I have all the string and needles that I need.)
Shizuku: (Now I just need to decide what to make...)
Shizuku: (What about a three-leaf clover? It'd even give me a chance to explain how it represents our group.)
Shizuku: (And it'd be so cute if I made some in all of our colors.)
Shizuku: (Hehe. Let's do that. I'll even make them big so that everyone can see...)
Shizuku: Oh, wait, the stream...
Shizuku: Thank goodness. Someone else is being shown right now.
Shizuku: I want to take this opportunity to surprise everyone... So I'll need to be careful about not getting caught on camera.
Shizuku: I have to focus and do my best to make sure everything turns out well.
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Shizuku: Cut the thread, and... Phew... It's finished.
Shizuku: I'm glad they turned out so well. I should have Minori and the others look at these later.
Haruka: Hi, Shizuku. Is your embroidery done?
Shizuku: Haruka...! Look at the clovers I just embroidered.
Haruka: Oh, these look really nice. It's incredible how precisely you made them.
Shizuku: Thank you. I can't wait to show these to our viewers.
Haruka: Ah, I had a feeling that you hadn't noticed.
Shizuku: Huh?
Haruka: Look at that monitor over there.
Shizuku: That monitor...? Oh...!
Comments: <Shizuku looks way too elegant doing embroidery!> <Nice assist, Haruka.> <She finally noticed lol>
Shizuku: I honestly had no idea... How long have I been on?
Haruka: I'd say about five minutes. I learned that you were here from the stream.
Shizuku: Wait, five minutes...?!
Shizuku: I'm so sorry for not noticing sooner, everyone. Watching me do such a repetitive task must not have been very interesting.
Comments: <You looked like a work of art.> <I could watch you do that forever.> <I wanna see what you were embroidering!>
Shizuku: Oh, yes. I can show all of you right now. Can you all see what I'm holding?
Comments: <No, I can't see...> <That's not where the camera is, Shizuku!>
Haruka: Showing the monitor won't let them see.
Shizuku: Oh, that's right. I'm so sorry...!
Comments: <That's our Shizuku.> <Business as usual again today.> <Is Shizuku actually a bit of an airhead?>
Shizuku: Umm... The camera's over here, yes? Can you all see now?
Comments: <Wow, those are so cute...!> <You really made these?> <You're so talented. Respect.>
Shizuku: Thank you. But this is actually much easier than it looks.
Shizuku: I know. Why don't we all try doing this together sometime?
Shizuku: I ran an embroidery class on the MORE MORE JUMP! stream a little while back, and we all had a lot of fun that time.
Comments: <Another embroidery class?!> <I've never done it before, but it looks fun!> <Teach me, Ms. Shizuku.>
Haruka: When you hold your class, I might participate as a student.
Shizuku: Yes, and we can create something together.
Shizuku: Anyway, we'll let you all know when we've figured out a date for that stream. Hehe. I'm looking forward to it already.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Megurine Luka)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Shizuku: What a beautiful day. The sun feels amazing, and this is perfect weather for a picnic.
Airi: Yeah. On the other hand, we might be in too urban a setting to call this a picnic.
Minori: But it's nice to have lunch on the rooftop like this since it's been so long.
Haruka: Ever since the Lumina Grand Prix started, we've been spending a lot fewer days at school.
???: <Can we talk for a second, girls?>
Minori: Oh, Luka! What do you wanna talk about?
Luka (MMJ): <I came over to ask if those black fragments had caused any lingering aftereffects.>
Shizuku: I see. Thank you for showing us so much concern, Luka.
Haruka: Aftereffects... I haven't been feeling any. How about the rest of you?
Airi: Me neither.
Luka (MMJ): <That's good to hear. Are you all about to have lunch?>
Haruka: Yeah. We were all scheduled to come to school today, so Shizuku asked if we'd all like to have lunch together.
Shizuku: Hehe. After having that dream, I felt like coming back up here with everyone.
Airi: We did dance up here during that dream.
Shizuku: Exactly. I began feeling all of this nostalgia about all of the things that happened up here.
Minori: I know what you mean. Everything also began rushing back for me.
Minori: That includes dancing up here all by myself. And I met you for the first time up here, Haruka!
Haruka: I remember. I accidentally walked in on Airi and Shizuku having an argument.
Airi: In retrospect, the way we met was hardly ideal.
Shizuku: After that, we began practicing together, and we ended up forming MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: We even did our very first stream up here.
Haruka: There was so much trial and error in the beginning. Remember how many discussions we had about what we'd be actually doing?
Shizuku: Yes... That really takes me back.
Shizuku: Back then, I really had no idea how to present myself to the public...
Shizuku: And I ended up causing you all so much trouble.
Shizuku: Because I was so convinced that I had to keep being “perfect” in order to satisfy my old fans.
Shizuku: But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Luka: I'm willing to bet there are plenty of people out there who would support you for who you are.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Airi: I think you might know one of them. Her name is Minori.
Airi: She loves both the Shizuku from Cheerful * Days and the Shizuku she's gotten to know.
Airi: You should've seen how passionate she was when she started talking about how much she wants your fans to know just how amazing you are.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Shizuku: I'm able to show everyone who I really am because of all your encouragement.
Airi: Shizuku...
Shizuku: If that stream never happened, then I might've just kept on trying to be that perfect version of myself.
Shizuku: I would've been like the me from that dream. I probably would've kept telling myself to be the person that everybody wanted me to be.
Shizuku: So, allow me to take this opportunity to say it again...
Shizuku: Thank you all for what you did for me back then.
Minori: Hehe! We're also glad that we were able to learn how wonderful a person you really are, Shizuku.
Luka (MMJ): <I also feel that way.>
Luka (MMJ): <I love how you're such a hard-working girl who's a little absent-minded at times, but also very cute♪>
Luka (MMJ): <So, Shizuku, just keep being yourself and keep spreading hope to lots and lots of people.>
Shizuku: Yes, I will...!
Shizuku: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to dominate the conversation like that.
Haruka: No, it's nice to reminisce. I'm really enjoying all this nostalgia.
Airi: Now we've started, why don't we talk about all the other stuff we've done up here while we eat.
Shizuku: Yes, I'd like to hear what you all have to say.
Minori: Then, I'd like to start us off!
Airi: You're gonna talk about Haruka, aren't you?
Minori: What?! How did you know?!
Luka (MMJ): <Because of it's you, Minori. But...I am curious as to what memories you're going to talk about.>
Shizuku: Yes, please tell us.
Minori: You got it! This is a story that happened a long, long time ago when Haruka and I walked home for the first time.
(Black cut)
