Self introduction: Ichika Hoshino

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Ichika: Hi everyone. Are you having fun?
Ichika: I'm Ichika Hoshino, the singer and guitarist of Leo/need. Thanks for coming to our gig today. 
Ichika: Um...
Ichika: So...that was my attempt at an actual live show greeting, but I'm not really sure what I should talk to the audience about in between sets...
Ichika: Talk about my hobbies?
Ichika: My hobbies... Well, I don't really have any...
Ichika: Oh! But I do like listening to Miku songs.
Ichika: Hm? When do I listen to them?
Ichika: When I'm free or feeling down, I guess. Listening to them helps me relax.
Ichika: And, when I got my guitar from dad, I practiced like crazy because I wanted to be able to play some of them.
Ichika: Now that I think about it, that was probably when he told me about the origin of my name, too.
Ichika: Apparently, my parents first met each other because they both liked the same song.
Ichika: After that, they fell in love and...along I came.
Ichika: They named me Ichika, which means one song, because I was the child they were blessed with after being brought together by a song.
Ichika: My father hopes that I'll meet someone special through music one day too.
Ichika: (I guess that would be Saki, Honami, and Shiho for me?)
Ichika: Hehehe...
Ichika: Uhm, but let's move on.
Ichika: What else should I talk about?
Ichika: My future goals? Let me see...
Ichika: Well, I didn't know what I wanted to do when I first entered high school. Every day just kind of drifted by.
Ichika: But I managed to start a band with Saki. Our other childhood friends Honami and Shiho eventually joined us as well.
Ichika: A lot of things happened on the way, though.
Ichika: But I'm happy to say that all four of us are together again, which means that every day is really fun.
Ichika: So my goal for the future is to do my absolute best for the sake of our band.
Ichika: Um... I guess that's it.
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Ichika: I should practice introducing myself for future shows? Yeah, I remember us doing this once before.
Ichika: Now that we've gone pro...? Right, okay.
Ichika: Then, I'll try my best.
Ichika: Hello, everyone. I'm Ichika Hoshino, the singer and guitarist for Leo/need.
Ichika: I also write songs and lyrics for our band.
Ichika: Despite having done this kind of talk countless times by now, I can't help but feel nervous doing it in front of a camera.
Ichika: What else should I talk about...?
Ichika: Huh? What I like?
Ichika: Okay, that sounds good. Then, I'll try talking about Miku...
Ichika: Ever since I first heard one of Miku's songs when I was little, I've always loved her voice.
Ichika: Oh, speaking of which... The first song we played together was a Miku song.
Ichika: I really wanted to play it, so I invited Saki and the others to join me. After that, we got ourselves some instruments and began practicing...
Ichika: In retrospect, we weren't very good back then... But we had so much fun.
Ichika: Also, I recently began making my own songs using some Miku software.
Ichika: I felt bad initially because my first few attempts really didn't do Miku's voice justice...
Ichika: I finally managed to finish one after asking around for some advice. That was an incredible moment...!
Ichika: It became even more memorable after I sang that song with Miku during a show.
Ichika: Looking back, Miku's helped connect me with so many different people...
Ichika: Everyone in Leo/need, all the people who listen to our music...
Ichika: Through music, Miku's connected me with all of them.
Ichika: Which is why I want to do the same. I want to bring people together through music.
Ichika: That seems like a nice place to stop. What do you think...?
Ichika: Huh? It was great? Thanks, Saki.
Ichika: Then, um... Everyone...
Ichika: We promise to do our best as professional musicians moving forward, so we'll be looking forward to your continued support.
(Black cut)
