Self introduction: Saki Tenma

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Saki Tenma)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Saki: Hey, everyone out there! Are you hyped?
Saki: Thanks for coming to the Leo/need show today!
Saki: You're probably wondering who I am! I'm the keyboardist of Leo/need—
Saki: Huh? I'm overdoing it?
Saki: Ahaha, sorry about that. I've never spoken at a live show before, so you can't blame me for not knowing what to do!
Saki: Okay, how about this.
Saki: I'm Saki Tenma of Leo/need. I'm the band's keyboardist!
Saki: I'm a 1st year student at Miya Girls Academy, and I'm in the soft tennis club.
Saki: My hobby is watching videos about fashion and makeup!
Saki: I started with street fashion makeup videos in junior high school, and now I watch a lot of other stuff too♪
Saki: I also like to read fashion magazines, and... Oh, yeah! my special skill is hairstyling!
Saki: Somehow, I just got really good at it after trying to copy what I saw in magazines.
Saki: Also, my favorite food is snacks!
Saki: Once I start snacking, I just can't stop! 
Saki: Oh, but on the other hand, I really hate rice porridge!
Saki: They always served it when I was still in the hospital, and it was just sooo bland!
Saki: Huh? This isn't related to music at all?
Saki: Aww, but I still had lots more I wanted to say.
Saki: In that case... Oh yeah! Maybe I should talk about why I became the keyboardist in the band, then?
Saki: I'm the keyboardist because I've been learning the piano since I was little.
Saki: My mom's a piano teacher, so my brother and I started learning the piano together.
Saki: My health wasn't the best when I was little, so I usually had to stay at home. On days like that, I'd often play the piano.
Saki: Oh, but when I was feeling okay, I'd always hang out with Ichika, Honami, and Shiho!
Saki: We've been thick as thieves since elementary school. That's what childhood friends are for!
Saki: Our best memory together was watching a meteor shower!
Saki: I can still remember how beautiful it was. I really had a lot of fun that day...
Saki: What? I'm going off-topic again? Ahaha, sorry, sorry.
Saki: I didn't get to enjoy school life with everyone in junior high because I had to be hospitalized for a really long time, but...
Saki: You can bet I'll be making up for all that lost time by enjoying my high school and band life to the fullest!
Saki: My skills aren't quite there yet, but with your support, I know I'll get better!
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Saki Tenma)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Saki: That was great, Ichi! Next, it's my turn!
Saki: It's great to meet you♪ I'm Saki Tenma, the keyboardist and sometimes songwriter for Leo/need!
Saki: I work really hard to write songs and put on performances that move people, so I hope you get a chance to listen to our stuff!
Saki: Now, for my self-intro...!
Saki: Ta-daa! I'm gonna talk a little about songwriting!
Saki: I began writing songs because I wanted to do more for our band...
Saki: But it was a lot harder than I first expected. I had so much trouble coming up with anything good...
Saki: After thinking it through a whole lot, I made a discovery! I realize now just how important it is to put everything you have into a song.
Saki: Which is why I made my first song for the people I really love! Everyone in Leo/need!
Saki: It's meant to tell the people who listen to it that things are gonna be okay and encourage them to try again.
Saki: I felt so happy when I finished it because Ichi and the others were also really happy about it...
Saki: But after that... I learned the hard way how those kinds of songs don't work for everyone.
Saki: So, I made my next one about empathy and understanding what someone might be going through...
Saki: In order to write it, I dug really deep into my past to rediscover all the sad or tough things I experienced...
Saki: By the time I'd finished writing it, I had something completely different from the songs I'd made before.
Saki: And it really hit home with the crowd!
Saki: That's why I'm gonna keep taking really hard looks at myself when I write songs moving forward. I don't care how tough or painful it might be.
Saki: I wanna be there for everyone listening.
Saki: I wanna keep doing my best with the others from Leo/need, the people I really love!
Saki: ...is about what I have to say. Did I do a good job?
Saki: Hehe. I totally did, right? I've grown a ton since then, you know?!
(Black cut)
