Self introduction: Honami Mochizuki

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Honami: Hello everyone. I'm the drummer for Leo/need, and my name is Honami Mochizuki.
Honami: I'm on drums because I was a percussionist in a brass band during junior high.
Honami: What else... Oh, I like to stargaze. I often find myself just staring up at the sky at night without realizing it.
Honami: Once, when I was little, I saw a meteor shower together with some of my childhood friends.
Honami: I can still remember how brightly those shooting stars were shining that night.
Honami: As for my hobbies, I like to take my dog out for walks.
Honami: Hehe. My dog, Shibao, is just the cutest Shiba Inu.
Honami: Shibao really likes to be brushed, so I do that quite often too.
Honami: I'm really good at housework. I can cook, clean, and do all of the necessary chores around the house.
Honami: I love apple pies, and often bake them myself.
Honami: I'm in the home economics club, and lately, sewing has been—
Honami: Eh? I'm making this feel more like a blind date than a live show?
Honami: I-I guess you're right... I'm not sure else to talk about, though.
Honami: Huh?! No, no, no! Not my drawings!
Honami: How about my part-time job?
Honami: Well, my job is a little unusual and would make an interesting conversation topic, but...
Honami: It wouldn't be fair to my client Ms. Yoisaki, so maybe I shouldn't...
Honami: So anyway, something to do with the band...
Honami: Um, how about this: I'd like to say something to all my bandmates.
Honami: Here goes... I know a lot of things happened between us before we finally formed the band...
Honami: But I'm really happy that we're in this band together now, Saki, Ichika, and Shiho.
Honami: I'll perform my best to live up to everyone's expectations.
Honami: My name is Honami Mochizuki from Leo/need. Thank you, everyone!
Honami: What do you think?
Honami: Um, s-so was that okay?
Honami: Huh? That last part felt like a secret confession?
Honami: But I was just being honest about my feelings.
Honami: Wh-Why's everyone blushing? You're making me feel so awkward about this now...
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Honami: Okay, I believe I'm next.
Honami: Hello, everyone. I'm Honami Mochizuki, the drummer for Leo/need.
Honami: Thank you very much for coming to see our show today.
Honami: So, since I'm giving a self-intro... I think I'll talk about myself.
Honami: Some of you may already know this, but we're a band made up of childhood friends...
Honami: We've been very close ever since we were little, but we've also gone through our share of rough patches. Including not talking to each other for a while...
Honami: However, I couldn't be happier now... Not only are we back in a band together, we were able to go pro.
Honami: To tell the truth, we had to go through quite a lot and make a number of tough decisions in order to make it this far...
Honami: I caused others around me a lot of trouble in the past because of my indecisiveness. Yes, I know this is a personal matter...
Honami: But being in a band has taught me to stand up for myself.
Honami: And how to really be there for others. How to have the courage to make decisions when it really matters.
Honami: I'm sure we'll be faced with some scary situations in the future. Especially now that we've gone pro.
Honami: But even so...
Honami: I plan on staying strong. I won't be afraid of making tough decisions.
Honami: Oh, uh... I didn't mean to get so worked up.
Honami: But I meant every word.
Honami: So, everyone... We're going to do our best, so we'll be looking forward to your continued support.
(Black cut)
