Self introduction: Shiho Hinomori

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Shiho: Leo/need bassist, Shiho Hinomori.
Shiho: That's more than enough. Then I'll just play a solo phrase here and—
Shiho: Too short?
Shiho: But I don't have anything else to say.
Shiho: What got me interested in music?
Shiho: I always had an interest in music. My mom's a koto instructor, and my dad used to play guitar in a band.
Shiho: What now? Oh, why did I choose bass guitar over regular guitar?
Shiho: There's this band I really like and respect.
Shiho: The bassist of that band once said that the bass guitar is powerful enough to control the atmosphere of a place.
Shiho: And that just...resonated with me. So I decided to go with the bass.
Shiho: My hobbies?
Shiho: All my spare time goes into bass guitar practice. And attending gigs of my favorite bands, I guess.
Shiho: I don't have any hobbies outside of music right now.
Shiho: If I like something, I tend to throw myself completely into it. It's been like that since I was little. For now, that's playing the bass guitar.
Shiho: Huh? My sister? What does she have to do with this?
Shiho: She's got nothing to do with the band.
Shiho: If anything, I really wish she'd stop coming to my classroom because she's so conspicuous.
Shiho: I don't hate her or anything. It's just, I've always preferred to be left alone.
Shiho: By the way, I'm not saying any of this on stage when it's actually my turn to talk. I'm sticking to music stuff.
Shiho: Anyway, I'm serious about this band.
Shiho: I'll spare neither time nor effort. I'll always give the very best performance I can give right now.
Shiho: Especially since it's the four of us...
Shiho: Sorry. Strike that.
Shiho: Are we done with this already?
Shiho: We're just wasting practice time here. Hurry up and let's start.
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Shiho: Nice to meet you... I'm Shiho Hinomori, the bassist for Leo/need.
Shiho: As for my self-intro... What should I talk about?
Shiho: I guess I'll do what Ichika did and talk about something I like.
Shiho: I'm happiest when I'm playing my bass.
Shiho: I feel at ease when it's in my hands, and I can go all out during shows as a result.
Shiho: So, I'm truly happy about us signing with a label. Partly because it's always been my dream...
Shiho: But also because I get to keep playing my bass, and most importantly—
Shiho: I get more chances to put on performances that really move people's hearts.
Shiho: Hey, Saki, quit heckling me...
Shiho: Though, I think you're all really cool too.
Shiho: I mean, you all made the commitment to join me in my dream of going pro.
Shiho: Yes, that's been an important goal...
Shiho: But us playing in a band together means just as much to me.
Shiho: That's why I think you're all really cool for working so hard to make this happen, and I couldn't be more grateful to you.
Shiho: Wait, what's with that look...?
Shiho: No, I'm not saying it. It loses its value if you say it too much!
Shiho: Anyway, are we done? Anything else you need me to say?
Shiho: What? A taste of what's to come...?
Shiho: Yeah, okay... I've achieved my dream of going pro...
Shiho: But my goal remains the same. I want to put on performances that really move people's hearts.
Shiho: So, I'm gonna keep trying to do that as we play our music.
Shiho: The four of us. Together.
(Black cut)
