Self introduction: Minori Hanasato

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Minori Hanasato)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: Don't give up on your dreams, Minorinrin!
Minori: Minori Hanasato, AKA Minorin, the zero experience amateur idol of MORE MORE JUMP! That's me!
Minori: Huh? What's wrong, everyone?
Minori: Eh? I can't say I'm a zero experience amateur idol because it sounds lame?!
Minori: Aww... I thought it'd make a good catchphrase because it's so easy to remember.
Minori: If that's a no-go, then... Oh! I have an alternate version. 
Minori: I'm the idol that comes to you, Minori Hanasato from class 1-A of Miyamasuzaka Girls—
Minori: Eh?! I can't say that, either?!
Minori: Okay, how about the alternate alternate version... What? Save the catchphrase for later?
Minori: O-Okay, I'll just carry on with my self-introduction, then! *Ahem*...
Minori: Hi, everyone! I'm Minori Hanasato!
Minori: When I was little, I had the worst of luck. I'd be chased by crows, it'd always be raining when I went on picnics...
Minori: Nothing ever went well for me, so I often gave up. 
Minori: But then I met someone who would change my life forever!
Minori: Haruka Kiritani, from the idol group ASRUN!
Minori: The first time I saw her, I was surprised because of how bright and positive she was, even though we were the same age.
Minori: Tomorrow will always be a better day!
Minori: So in order to help everyone believe things can always get better...
Minori: I'm here to give everyone hope for a better tomorrow! What she said back then really touched me!
Minori: I wanted to be able to give others the strength to keep trying, too.
Minori: I wanted to become an idol just like Haruka!
Minori: Unlike Haruka, Airi, and Shizuku, I have absolutely no experience at all.
Minori: But I know that one day, I'll be able to stand tall next to them and proudly declare that I'm a full-fledged idol, too!
Minori: Together, MORE MORE JUMP! will become a four-leaf clover that can give everyone hope for tomorrow.
Minori: Or so Haruka says! And if she says so, then I'll have to do my best to make it happen!
Minori: So please continue to support MORE MORE JUMP! in the future aschwell...
Minori: Oh no... I totally flubbed that last part.
Minori: Huh? What did you say, Airi?
Minori: Y-Yeah, I lost my concentration because I knew I was almost finished... I-I'll be more careful!
Minori: Haruka?
Minori: It's fine because it's so me? Do you mean that?!
Minori: Wait... Huh?
Minori: When you said that was so me, you weren't talking about the part where I flubbed my lines...were you?
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Minori Hanasato)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Minori: Hi, everyone! Today, as requested by our fans, we'll be showing you our self-intros!
Minori: Starting with me, Minori Hanasato!
Minori: I'm actually a little nervous about doing this again, but... I-I hope you'll listen...!
Minori: Don't give up on your dreams, Minorinrin♪ Here's a bouquet of hope for you!
Minori: I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
Minori: So, when I was in elementary school and Haruka was still with ASRUN, I decided that I wanted to become an idol just like her...
Minori: Unfortunately, I failed basically every audition I tried for and started living each day totally frustrated.
Minori: But I was able to meet my wonderful friends and form MORE MORE JUMP! because I kept trying. And just recently...
Minori: We finally got to put on our very own solo show! Let's give us a round of applause!
Minori: As a huge fan of idols, I felt like I had a good understanding of how hard it is to actually put on a solo show...
Minori: And that gave me an even greater appreciation for you, our fans. Our show wouldn't have been possible without you guys...! I'm beyond grateful for your support!
Minori: Which is why I'd like to take this opportunity to say...! Thank you very much!
Minori: Wait a second... This doesn't feel like a self-intro anymore...
Minori: U-Uhh... Anyway! We're gonna keep spreading hope to as many people as we can!
Minori: Huh? It's my self-intro, so I should talk about myself more?
Minori: U-U-Uhh... Then, I'll talk about what I'm best at!
Minori: I'm really good at imitating dance routines, and believe I can learn them faster than anyone else!
Minori: Yes, I get that learning them and performing them well are pretty different things...
Minori: But Airi gave me some pointers for dancing the other day, and some of our fans even said that I've gotten better lately!
Minori: S-So, I know I still have a lot of work left to do...
Minori: But I'm gonna keep trying my best! And I'm looking forward to your continued support!
Minori: H-How was that...? Did I do okay...?! Here, I'll take a look at everyone's comments!
Minori: Umm...
Minori: “You sound way too nervous”... “I guess this self-intro suits you, Minori”... “Maybe try to relax a little more? lol”...
Minori: Why is it so hard to give a good self-intro?!
(Black cut)
