Self introduction: Haruka Kiritani

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Together, we'll look ahead and go far.
Haruka: I'm Haruka Kiritani from MORE MORE JUMP!
Haruka: I'm very happy to be standing on the stage like this, again, as an idol.
Haruka: Some of you may already have heard this,
Haruka: but I couldn't smile very well when I was younger. I developed a bit of a complex about it.
Haruka: But there was an idol who really brought a smile to my face.
Haruka: I thought it was amazing that an idol could put a smile on everybody's face so easily. I wanted to become someone just like them.
Haruka: And that's how I became an idol too.
Haruka: But after a while, I lost confidence in myself and gave up on performing.
Haruka: Then I met Minori.
Haruka: She told me that she was inspired to become an idol because of me.
Haruka: Just like I was inspired by someone else...
Haruka: Minori says a three-leaf clover is fine for our group's motif now because she's not a full-fledged idol yet.
Haruka: But in the language of flowers, a three-leaf clover has its own meaning.
Haruka: Hope and promise.
Haruka: Together with Minori, Airi, and Shizuku, I will become an idol who can give everyone out there hope for tomorrow.
Haruka: The way Minori gave me hope.
Haruka: And I promise my fans that I'll never waver in my determination to be an idol, ever again.
Haruka: So please...
Haruka: Please give Haruka Kiritani from MORE MORE JUMP! your support, now and forever♪
Haruka: Hehe, that last part was a little special surprise from me.
Haruka: Minori? I looked just like the Haruka you saw on TV?
Haruka: Hehe, I'm glad you're happy.
Haruka: Wait... Why are you thanking my parents?
Haruka: For giving birth to me?
Haruka: Haha, that's too much.
Haruka: I should be the one thanking your parents, really. For letting me meet someone like you.
Haruka: Wha... Minori?
Haruka: Hehe, I can't understand a word you're saying. I get it, it's fine, just try to calm down, okay?
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Haruka: Next, it's my turn.
Haruka: I'd like to take this opportunity to once again thank you all for watching...
Haruka: No matter how far, may this song of hope reach you!
Haruka: I'm Haruka Kiritani from MORE MORE JUMP!
Haruka: As for my self-intro... What should I talk about?
Haruka: I'm sure many of you are aware that I used to be a member of a group called ASRUN...
Haruka: Unfortunately, something happened that prevented me from performing on stage... Which led to me retiring for a time.
Haruka: However, I was able to return to being an idol with the help of the others from MORE MORE JUMP!
Haruka: We've had to overcome quite a lot after deciding to go it alone instead of looking for an agency to sign with. There's definitely been a lot of trial and error...
Haruka: But now, we get to interact with all of you through your comments, and at events in real life...
Haruka: Looking back, I think we've had more fun moments than tough ones.
Haruka: Our solo show in particular. I'm never going to forget the smiles I saw that day.
Haruka: We've been appearing on TV and magazines a lot more recently because of all the support you've given us, but that has led to us doing fewer events in real life...
Haruka: I really want to see you all more, so I hope you'll be looking forward to our future events!
Haruka: Anyway, MORE MORE JUMP! is still just getting started, so we hope that you'll keep watching as we continue our journey.
Haruka: Streams, shows, TV shoots... We're going to keep doing all those things.
Haruka: We're going to keep spreading as much hope as we can to all of you, so we'll be looking forward to your continued support.
Haruka: Hmm... That sounded a little too serious.
Haruka: But that's how I really feel, and I'm glad I got this chance to tell all of you.
Haruka: Hehe... Minori says, “We heard you loud and clear!”
Haruka: Oh, and so many comments. Thank you all very much!
Haruka: We're sorry about not being able to respond to all of them since they really fly by now...
Haruka: But we always go through them afterwards, so please keep sending us your thoughts.
Haruka: Anyway, thanks for listening! Next up is...
Haruka: Your wait is over, everyone! Airi, take it away!
(Black cut)
