Self introduction: Airi Momoi

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Airi Momoi)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Shizuku, let's review how to use the camera.
Airi: What do you do after I say three, two, one?
Airi: Right! You tap this part of the screen here.
Airi: You can't possibly get this wrong no matter how bad you are with technology, right? Okay, I'm leaving the video recording up to you!
Airi: Minori, watch and learn how a true idol talks to the audience!
Airi: Here goes... Three, two, one...
Airi: One special delivery of love coming right up!
Airi: It's the lovely fairy, Airi! Airi Momoi from MORE MORE JUMP! at your service★
Airi: I'm back, everyone! I have returned to the stage, and I know you were all waiting for me!
Airi: THIS is what being an idol is all about, after all!
Airi: I wasn't expecting to end up being in the same idol group as my rival Shizuku, though.
Airi: But since she's good enough to be my rival, having her close by will keep me motivated to always do better!
Airi: Shizuku's not the only one, of course.
Airi: Haruka and Minori are the best teammates I could ask for! We'll spur each other on to even greater heights.
Airi: Oh yeah, our motif is a three-leaf clover.
Airi: Do you know what that means in the language of flowers?
Airi: The clover means hope and promise. It also means love!
Airi: I know I've caused a bit of trouble, but I'll make up for it by becoming an idol who can give you all the love in the world!
Airi: More importantly, I hope we can become an idol group that will be loved by everyone!
Airi: Actually, as long as we have your support, we WILL make that happen, so we're counting on you!
Airi: See that, Minori? Learn anything useful?
Airi: The key is to turn up the charm and put on a good show! Looks aren't everything, though they certainly don't hurt, of course.
Airi: Never be satisfied with the status quo, though! An idol should always be aiming for even greater heights!
Airi: Okay, show me what you've recorded, Shizuku. Good, good, everything looks okay—
Airi: The heck?! Why does it look like I'm talking in the middle of an earthquake?!
Airi: You're hopeless. Here, I'll do it again. Make sure you record everything properly this time, okay?
Airi: Hehe. And I'll put on an even cuter performance than before!
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Airi Momoi)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Airi: Okay, lemme get started!
Airi: One special delivery of love coming right up! From MORE MORE JUMP!, it's the lovely fairy...!
Airi: Airi! Airi Momoi at your service☆
Airi: Since you guys requested that we give our self-intros, I wanna take this opportunity to introduce myself to those who don't know about me!
Airi: Hm...? This person said... “Not many people don't know who you are, Airi.”
Airi: Thanks, I really appreciate it!
Airi: What they're getting at is, the girl you see here was once a cornerstone of primetime variety shows!
Airi: Huh? “You were funnier than a lot of those comedians”?
Airi: Well, it's my personal policy to go all out no matter what!
Airi: However, back then, I wasn't a part of MORE MORE JUMP! That was when I was a member of a group called QT.
Airi: That group kept me so busy. They had me sing, dance and do all those variety shows!
Airi: Of all the things I did, Happy Everyday, the Masked Variety Idol, was probably one of my biggest hits...
Airi: Even now, people walking by will sometimes say, “Hey, it's Happy Everyday!” Hehe. That always puts a smile on my face...
Airi: Yeah, I became modestly successful... But there came a time when I had to ask myself what kind of idol I wanted to be.
Airi: One thing led to another... And now, I'm freelancing as a member of MORE MORE JUMP!
Airi: Things were pretty rough at first. Especially since we didn't have an agency backing us...
Airi: Which meant no manager. On top of having to put our own schedules together, we had to come up with ideas and scripts for our streams.
Airi: We didn't know how to do any of those things initially, so we had to learn.
Airi: Fortunately, we had some help along the way. With our songs for one...
Airi: And our Christmas event. It wouldn't have been possible without the help of our fans.
Airi: We ran into some trouble that time...
Airi: But I had a lot of fun working with everyone! I mean, as an idol, you'd normally never get to put an event together from scratch like that!
Airi: And I felt that getting to interact so closely with you guys is one of the best parts of MORE MORE JUMP!
Airi: Hehe. That includes getting to see all of your guys' comments! I'm always happy I get to hear how you feel in real time!
Airi: So, we're gonna stick to this style.
Airi: Lately, some of you have said you're worried we won't be able to do all the things we have been because of our increased media exposure.
Airi: But don't worry. What we do isn't gonna change moving forward.
Airi: We're still right here. And we're gonna keep spreading as much hope as we can!
Airi: So, we'll be looking forward to your continued support!
(Black cut)
