Self introduction: Shizuku Hinomori

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Shizuku: Hehe. I haven't spoken at a show in a while.
Shizuku: Airi? Why are you pointing your smartphone at me?
Shizuku: You've already started recording?
Shizuku: I see. I'm sorry. Should I redo my entrance then?
Shizuku: I don't have to?
Shizuku: Then I'll just start right now.
Shizuku: Hehe. You're going to give me a cue, right?
Shizuku: Thank you.
Shizuku: Here to bring you a burst of happiness,
Shizuku: I'm Shizuku Hinomori from MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: First of all... I am so sorry.
Shizuku: I am really so sorry for all the trouble and heartache I've caused everyone.
Shizuku: I lost my way.
Shizuku: As I pursued the path of an idol, I started questioning what being an idol meant to me...but I couldn't find the answer.
Shizuku: And so... I gave up.
Shizuku: But then I met someone who kept trying to help me find my way again.
Shizuku: That's why I'm starting over once more.
Shizuku: Together with Minori, Haruka, and Airi here.
Shizuku: I first became an idol when a friend of mine sent in an application on my behalf without telling me.
Shizuku: But I was the one who made the decision to continue walking this path.
Shizuku: I want to believe that I didn't make the wrong choice back then.
Shizuku: The path I'm on now is now fraught with even more danger than before.
Shizuku: But...even if I should get lost again, I have friends who will guide me in the right direction.
Shizuku: Hehe. I know I can depend on them.
Shizuku: I'll overcome the present and grow from it.
Shizuku: We'll persevere and grow into a four-leaf clover one day. For everyone.
Shizuku: I hope we can depend on your support.
Shizuku: Oh my. Is something wrong, Airi? Your face is a mess, and your eyes are so red. Do you have hay fever or something?
Shizuku: Huh? Wh-What are you so angry about?
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Shizuku: And I'll be capping things off for us.
Shizuku: Now, for my self-intro...
Shizuku: Umm... What should I talk about?
Shizuku: Oh, I was thinking about it while the others were doing theirs, but I haven't been able to get my thoughts together...
Shizuku: Still, I suppose... I should tell that story.
Shizuku: I used to be in a group called Cheerful * Days before I joined MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: There, I convinced myself that I had to be the “perfect idol”, and act like the person everyone wanted me to be.
Shizuku: But I could only keep doing that for so long, and I eventually ended up leaving Cheerful * Days...
Shizuku: After that, I became an idol for MORE MORE JUMP! However, I had trouble expressing who I really was...
Shizuku: I was worried that my fans from when I was with Cheerful * Days would feel betrayed if they ever saw my true self...
Shizuku: But everyone in MORE MORE JUMP! encouraged me to just be myself.
Shizuku: And now, people watching our streams are commenting how they like seeing the real me.
Shizuku: That's why I'm no longer afraid, and why I'm able to have fun as an idol alongside the others.
Shizuku: So, thank you all very much...
Shizuku: Oh, I apologize for getting sidetracked. I was supposed to be introducing myself, wasn't I?
Shizuku: So, um... For my self-intro...
Shizuku: Huh? That works just fine...?
Shizuku: O-Okay... Are you sure...?
Shizuku: What about the comments...? Let's see... “I have a better understanding of you now, Shizuku!”...
Shizuku: “I love how you cherish both your past experiences and the fans of the old you”...
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank you. I love how thoughtful you all are.
Shizuku: So, that'll be...
Shizuku: Oh, right. Thank you, Haruka! I was forgetting something very important!
Shizuku: So, everyone, please listen.
Shizuku: Here to bring you a burst of happiness. I'm Shizuku Hinomori from MORE MORE JUMP!
Shizuku: I'm still just getting on my feet as an idol, and I may stumble along the way...
Shizuku: But we're going to keep spreading as much hope as we can. So, we'll be looking forward to your continued support.
(Black cut)
