Self introduction: Kohane Azusawa

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa)

[Weekend Garage]

[Weekend Garage Stage]

Kohane: H-Hello... I'm Kohane Azusawa from Vivid BAD SQUAD.
Kohane: I'm a 1st year student at Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy. Um, I'm on the animal caretaker committee—
Kohane: Huh? I don't have to include that?
Kohane: Ah, right. It has to be music-related, right?
Kohane: In that case, well...
Kohane: Ah! Let me talk about why I started singing at live houses and on Vivid Street.
Kohane: It all started when I heard someone singing when I was on my way home after running an errand for my mom.
Kohane: The song had a bit of rap to it. It was a lot more intense than the songs we learned in school, and the lyrics were pretty rough as well.
Kohane: I was surprised and a little bit scared.
Kohane: But for some reason, I was captivated by it.
Kohane: I think I must have experienced something like culture shock.
Kohane: After I went home, I quickly looked the song up online. I found videos of many different people singing that very same song.
Kohane: The more I listened to it, the more I fell in love with the it, its intensity, the rapping...everything about it.
Kohane: Then, I tried singing it myself too...
Kohane: But I'm really a complete amateur when it comes to singing. I don't have much experience singing on stage at live houses either.
Kohane: Also...
Kohane: I'm not really all that confident. I've never tried to give something everything I've got before.
Kohane: But An still said she wanted to sing with me.
Kohane: That was how I started singing at live houses and on Vivid Street.
Kohane: An also shared her amazing dream with me.
Kohane: When she first told me about it, I was surprised, but also thought she was so cool.
Kohane: I really hope I can become more like her.
Kohane: Things haven't always been smooth-sailing since I started...
Kohane: But I want to keep singing with An in this town and on Vivid Street.
Kohane: Thank you for listening.
Kohane: Um, h-how did I do?
Kohane: You were touched?
Kohane: Ehehe, thank you, An.
Kohane: Huh? Why are you laughing so hard, Shinonome?
Kohane: It sounded like I was giving a book report?
Kohane: Ahaha, now that you mention it... Eh? Wait, An?!
Kohane: D-Don't kick him!
Kohane: Aoyagi! Don't just stand there, we have to stop them!
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa)

[Weekend Garage]

[Weekend Garage Stage]

Kohane: Okay, I'm ready to begin whenever...!
Kohane: I always get nervous when I talk with the audience, but I should take this time to practice for the sake of our events...
Kohane: So, here I go...!
Kohane: Hello, everyone. I'm Kohane Azusawa from Vivid BAD SQUAD!
Kohane: Thank you for coming to see our event today!
Kohane: We know you're all looking forward to seeing a good show, so we promise to sing with everything we have from start to finish!
Kohane: Huh? That was cool...? An, no... Now I feel embarrassed...
Kohane: But I appreciate the compliment. I doubt I would've been able to do this before...
Kohane: Oh, right... I should talk about the old me.
Kohane: I used to not have any confidence in myself...
Kohane: I didn't have any talents or dreams like everyone else around me...
Kohane: But a part of me desperately wanted all that to change.
Kohane: Then, one day, I wandered into this city and met everybody here.
Kohane: They were all serious about singing and pursuing their dreams, which I thought was really cool...
Kohane: That was also when I learned about RAD WEEKEND, the event they were all hoping to surpass someday...
Kohane: And a lot happened after we decided to surpass RAD WEEKEND together.
Kohane: We had our share of troubles, but also received help from so many others along the way...
Kohane: But now, I feel proud of who I am. I have confidence as a singer.
Kohane: My teammates, friends and this city have given me so much. And I'll cherish it all forever.
Kohane: I'm so glad that I found this city and decided to start singing. Which is why...
Kohane: We're going to surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Kohane: For all those who've given us so much, and most of all, for myself...
Kohane: I'll make sure we surpass it!
Kohane: H-How did I do...?
Kohane: I did really well...? Hehe. Thanks, you guys!
(Black cut)
