Self introduction: An Shiraishi

<YEAR 1>

(Character: An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

[Weekend Garage Stage]

An: Right, so I act like I'm talking to the crowd at a gig, right?
An: Okay then. *Ahem*
An: Hey everybody! Y'all having fun out there?
An: I'm An Shiraishi from Vivid BAD SQUAD.
An: Thanks for coming to hear us sing today!
An: I was originally in a duo with Kohane known as Vivids.
An: We teamed up with Akito and Toya because...
An: Well, because a lotta stuff kinda happened.
An: And I got to thinking about how a group of four seemed kinda interesting too. That's why we're performing on stage together more often now.
An: You just never know what life's gonna throw at you, I guess.
An: Oh yeah. I—no, WE have a dream.
An: Have you all heard of the musician who goes by name of KEN?
An: That's my father. These days he runs a live music cafe and bar called Weekend Garage. 
An: What? Of course everyone in town knows him?
An: Akito, quit trying to heckle me while I'm talking.
An: Anyway, many of you probably know my dad. As a musician, he was pretty popular with the locals in these parts.
An: And his greatest achievement as a musician was...
An: The legendary RAD WEEKEND event!
An: According to my dad, it wasn't something that he could have pulled off by himself.
An: He was only able to put on such an event because he had the support of some terrific friends.
An: Dad and his friends put everything they had into jamming out that night and everyone listening to them could feel it.
An: I was there, and I can still remember how exciting it was!
An: That's exactly why my dream is to hold an event that will surpass the legendary RAD WEEKEND!
An: I'm determined to make that dream come true together with friends that I believe in.
An: I met Kohane while I was looking for friends like that!
An: The first time I heard her sing, I just knew she was the one! There was no doubt in my mind at all.
An: Her singing voice convinced me that this was someone I wanted to sing with.
An: Our group may be new to the music scene, but I can guarantee that you won't regret watching us.
An: I hope you're ready for today's live show!
An: All right! And that's that!
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

[Weekend Garage Stage]

An: Alright, I'm next! Here we go!
An: What's up?! I'm An Shiraishi from Vivid BAD SQUAD! How are you guys doing? You keeping up with us?
An: We're still just getting started! You're never gonna forget what happens today...
An: So, let's surpass that legendary event together! Surpass RAD WEEKEND!
An: *Nod* Good start. That kind of talk usually gets the crowd going.
An: Now, I guess I should probably talk about that other thing...
An: I'm sure you guys already know, but our goal is to surpass RAD WEEKEND...
An: The event that my dad's team, RADder put on... Their very last event...
An: I still vividly remember what happened that night...
An: The live house was completely packed with locals, and everyone was sweating like crazy as they looked up towards the stage.
An: I thought I was gonna literally burst with excitement. I felt that I had to shout at the top of my lungs until I lost my voice...
An: That was when I made my decision... I was going to surpass RAD WEEKEND.
An: After that, I kept singing... Then, I found a partner and a team.
An: And now, I'm standing here in front of all of you...
An: A lot happened along the way. Like, a lot...
An: I remember feeling sad and so frustrated at times. I even thought about giving up.
An: But I don't regret any of my decisions until now. Not one bit.
An: I'm here today because of everything that happened. I'm a little closer to her now...
An: I hope you're watching...!
An: We're gonna make your dream come true. We're gonna surpass RAD WEEKEND and see what lies beyond that!
An: So, you better be watching!
An: Okay, that should do it! How'd I do? Great, right...?
An: Huh? Kohane, why are you crying...?
An: You were that moved? Hehe. Gotcha! I'm glad I went with what I felt!
An: Let's really get the crowd going when we do this for real!
(Black cut)
