Self introduction: Akito Shinonome

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Akito Shinonome)

[Weekend Garage]

[Weekend Garage Stage]

Akito: Welcome to the Vivid BAD SQUAD live show. I'm Akito Shinonome.
Akito: What was that for?
Akito: You think it's gross that I'm being so polite?
Akito: Feel grossed out then. I don't care.
Akito: Thanks for coming to our show today.
Akito: There's a whole story behind how we started performing together as a group, but it wasn't because we got along well or wanted to be friends or anything like that.
Akito: No, it was because we have the same goal.
Akito: RAD WEEKEND.
Akito: We're going to hold the ultimate event that surpasses that legendary performance that KEN put on.
Akito: You don't need me to explain who KEN is, right?
Akito: Yes, as you already know, KEN used to sing in this town...especially on Vivid Street.
Akito: He met friends, discovered his music, and perfected his art right here in this town.
Akito: That's why I'm singing in this town as well.
Akito: Together with the best allies one could ask for, I'll discover my own music one day too.
Akito: Then I'll hold an event that surpasses the bar that RAD WEEKEND set for us.
Akito: I've been working my way toward this goal ever since the day I witnessed that event with my own eyes.
Akito: KEN and those who know about that night probably think I'm dreaming.
Akito: I get that a lot.
Akito: People say I'm not cut out for this, or give advice I never asked for. Some even flat out deny my dream, telling me it's impossible.
Akito: Well, they should butt out and just watch.
Akito: I don't care what anyone says. I'll never stop chasing my dream.
Akito: And today's show will bring me one step closer to it.
Akito: Our group's new, so we haven't quite found our own sound yet.
Akito: But we're not gonna disappoint anyone who's come here today to support our show.
Akito: Everyone in our group is going to give it 110%.
Akito: Anything worth doing is worth doing well. That's our philosophy at Vivid BAD SQUAD.
Akito: Well, everyone, are you ready to bring the house down?!
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Akito Shinonome)

[Weekend Garage]

[Weekend Garage Stage]

Akito: You really want us to practice talking with the crowd...?
Akito: In my mind, this isn't something you can practice. You gotta see how they're feeling in the moment.
Akito: Still, it's a necessary part of making an event exciting... I'll give it everything I have.
Akito: I'm Akito Shinonome from Vivid BAD SQUAD!
Akito: You probably already know since you're here, but we only have one goal. To surpass that legendary event, RAD WEEKEND.
Akito: That's why we're a team. That's why we're singing. Our performance will show you how serious we are...
Akito: I decided to start singing because of what I saw that night.
Akito: I couldn't really sing at first, which led to a lot of frustrating moments.
Akito: But...
Akito: I was able to come this far because of my team.
Akito: My life won't feel complete until I surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Akito: And we all feel that way... We're all going after the same dream.
Akito: All of us...
Akito: So, watch us... We're never going to disappoint you again.
Akito: We're gonna make the next legend happen.
Akito: Alright, how's that...?
Akito: Based on your expressions, I guess I did just fine...
(Black cut)
