Self introduction: Toya Aoyagi

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

[Weekend Garage Stage]

Toya: I'm Toya Aoyagi from Vivid BAD SQUAD.
Toya: .....
Toya: What else am I supposed to talk about?
Toya: Akito usually does stuff like this because I'm not much of a talker.
Toya: About myself?
Toya: I see.
Toya: When I was little, I did classical music.
Toya: Dad taught my two older brothers, so it just seemed natural that he'd teach me as well. He taught me how to play piano and the violin.
Toya: It's been a while, though. I haven't touched either instrument since entering junior high.
Toya: Around that time, I was thinking of getting into a different genre of music.
Toya: So I started singing on a street located near an arcade I often visited to kill time.
Toya: It was Vivid Street.
Toya: It was a place where people often performed or sang, so I started out by mimicking what others were doing.
Toya: And by doing so...I met Akito.
Toya: I found out about KEN and RAD WEEKEND.
Toya: I also got to know more about the music and musicians from this street.
Toya: Akito also told me the significance of singing here.
Toya: Right now, other than Akito, Azusawa and Shiraishi have also joined our group. We share the same dream.
Toya: I hope I can become as confident doing this as they are someday.
Toya: .....
Toya: .....
Toya: Hm? No, I'm done...
Toya: You or Shiraishi would probably have covered all of that enjoy our show stuff already, anyway.
Toya: ...You're right. I'll include it when we do an actual show.
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

[Weekend Garage Stage]

Toya: I see. You want us to practice talking with the audience...
Toya: Yes, I do need some practice. I tend to rely on you and Shiraishi quite a bit when it comes to that, Akito.
Toya: Then.
Toya: I'm Toya Aoyagi from Vivid BAD SQUAD. It's nice to meet you.
Toya: ...
Toya: Oh, um... I think I'm stuck... I don't know what to talk about...
Toya: Just talk about myself and how I'm feeling? Yes, I see...
Toya: Ever since I was little, I'd been learning how to play classical music on the piano and violin.
Toya: No, to be more precise... My father, a professional musician and composer, made me.
Toya: At some point, I began to feel all this tension and pain build up inside of me. I'd ultimately end up not playing any longer, but now I'm glad I went through all that...
Toya: Because that experience led to me meeting this team. Not only that, I've been able to make real contributions.
Toya: They've even helped me see and experience a wide variety of new things, including meeting many of the people in this city.
Toya: And I cherish all of those memories.
Toya: I know I sound a bit all over the place...
Toya: Anyway, what I want to say is... I realized something while singing and making my own songs here...
Toya: The pain I felt back then has given me the power to keep moving forward.
Toya: So, I won't run from whatever hardships we're going to face. We'll overcome everything we have to and surpass RAD WEEKEND.
Toya: And we're going to go somewhere no one has gone before.
Toya: So, thank you for coming to see us today. I hope you enjoy the show.
Toya: That's it for me... Did I do alright?
Toya: Okay... That's good to hear.
(Black cut)
