Self introduction: Tsukasa Tenma

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: We shall now start rehearsing our pre-show greetings!
Tsukasa: I'll show you how it's supposed to be done, so pay close attention! Especially you, Emu! Understand?
Tsukasa: Ahem...
Tsukasa: Greetings, one and all! Thank you for coming to the Wonderlands×Showtime stage show today.
Tsukasa: It is indeed a miracle, nay, a great fortune that brought us together here today, a fact that pleases me!
Tsukasa: By your leave, I shall now introduce myself.
Tsukasa: I am the Troupe Leader of Wonderlands×Showtime!
Tsukasa: Tsukasa, written as ruler of the world! Tenma, written as soaring pegasus!
Tsukasa: The grandest name, Tsukasa Tenma!
Tsukasa: The dazzling future star, Tsukasa Tenma!
Tsukasa: Fairytales, swords and sorcery, science fiction... Each show we present will take you on an epic adventure through an entirely different world!
Tsukasa: It'll be magical! Fantastical! All you have to do is sit back and enjoy the show!
Tsukasa: Heh...
Tsukasa: Mwa ha ha ha! That was perfect!
Tsukasa: That wonderful speech was the result of many deep discussions with Saki and her friends at the sacrifice of much school and sleep time!
Tsukasa: Oh, by the way, Saki's my younger sister.
Tsukasa: She didn't seem keen when I first asked her about it, but after I demonstrated what I was originally going to say, she quickly agreed to help.
Tsukasa: She also sought the opinions of her childhood friends so as to make the greeting even more polished.
Tsukasa: In other words, that speech was the crystallization of the burning hot enthusiasm of Saki's friends, Saki, and yours truly!
Tsukasa: Hm? I know, I know. You're all so moved that you're at a loss for words, right?
Tsukasa: What is it, Emu? My stomach? No, my stomach's fine, why do you ask?
Tsukasa: Ah! Are you thinking I'm behaving oddly because of an upset stomach?!
Tsukasa: Hm? Yes, what is it, Nene?
Tsukasa: How else can I explain why my speech was so disgustingly indecent?!
Tsukasa: Hey, Saki and I put our hearts and souls into that speech!
Tsukasa: Huh? Saki's reaction when I showed her my initial version?
Tsukasa: Well, her complexion alternated between red and pale quite a bit, and I think she was shaking really hard.
Tsukasa: Hmph... I bet she already sensed at that point of time what a masterpiece this speech was going to end up becoming.
Tsukasa: I'm wrong? What am I wrong about?
Tsukasa: My original speech was so terrible, she decided she had to help to stop her brother from making a fool out of himself?!
Tsukasa: Why are you agreeing with him, Emu, Nene?!
Tsukasa: What on earth do you guys take me for, anyway?!
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: Alright, let's practice giving our self-introductions for when we need to do them elsewhere!
Tsukasa: Starting with me!
Tsukasa: Tenma, written as “soaring pegasus”! Tsukasa, meaning to govern! I am Tsukasa Tenma!
Tsukasa: I am a future star, but I was originally self-taught in terms of acting...
Tsukasa: Nonetheless, because of my overwhelming star potential, I was hired to become a cast member of Phoenix Wonderland!
Tsukasa: I was even made the leader of Wonderlands×Showtime, the troupe we formed at the park. I shined during each of our performances...
Tsukasa: And now! We are about to leave the Wonder Stage to set out into the world!
Tsukasa: That's right! You are all about to witness the second chapter of Tsukasa Tenma the Superstar!!!
Tsukasa: Hm? That was difficult to understand? Was it really...?
Tsukasa: More simply, we are about to leave Phoenix Wonderland to perform in venues all over Japan!
Tsukasa: To be honest, I'm a little sad about us parting ways with the Wonder Stage... But we're doing this to make our dreams come true!
Tsukasa: I'm going to take the acting skills I've gained and the connections I've made at the Wonder Stage, and...
Tsukasa: Burst forth using everything I have! After that, I'll take my next big step!
Tsukasa: My self-introduction sort of turned into me declaring my future goals... Should I start over...?
Tsukasa: Hm? I did fine, but it was a bit too long...?
Tsukasa: Yes, I'd rather not sound like a windbag...
Tsukasa: Which means I'll need something to make it more entertaining. Then, why don't I act out my life up until now...?
Tsukasa: Yes, an excellent idea if I do say so myself...!
Tsukasa: Alright, let's go with that! Everyone, I'll need your help putting a script together!
Tsukasa: It'll open with the day my mom and dad first met each other.
Tsukasa: T-Too long?! What do you mean?!
Tsukasa: Grr... Self-introductions always feel like perplexing puzzles for some reason.
(Black cut)
