Self introduction: Emu Otori

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Emu Otori)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

(White cut)
Emu: Won...won... Wonderhoy☆
Emu: I'm Emu Otori from Wonderlands×Showtime!
Emu: Hehehe. Emu's such a cute and interesting name, don't you think?
Emu: Emu means to smile, and I was given this name so that I could always have a smile on my face.
Emu: But that's not all! My name also means that anyone who hears it will smile as well because it's so interesting.
Emu: Well? Well? Are you smiling, yet? That'd make me really happy!
Emu: Let's all strike the wonderhoy pose together now♪
Emu: Huh? Why? Why what?
Emu: Because it'll be fun!
Emu: All together now! One, two, wonderhoy☆
Emu: Come on, Tsukasa! You too! Together with everyone!
Emu: Won...won... Wonderhoy☆
Emu: Hehe, I can't wait to actually do this with the audience♪
Emu: I wonder how many people will come to see us? As many as the time when grandpa was still doing shows?
Emu: Oh, but we should aim higher, right? So let's fill this place up with even more people than back then...
Emu: Let's fill the entire Phoenix Wonderland with guests who are here to see our show!
Emu: Right! I'll have to practice my wonderhoy pose lots more to make that happen!
Emu: Huh? My greeting?
Emu: Oh, right! I was supposed to be practicing my greeting! Hehe!
Emu: Okay♪ Well then, um...
Emu: Once upon a time, there were so few people coming to our Wonder Stage that we weren't even able to perform. I was really sad about that.
Emu: I have a lot of precious memories of this stage, so I'm glad we can continue to perform here now!
Emu: At Wonder Stage, each show is set in a completely different world!
Emu: I hope that everyone will be all smiles after visiting all the fun worlds we have in store for you!
Emu: I'll be doing my best to make sure that happens!
Emu: All right, everyone! Before we begin, please join me for one last wonderhoy—
Emu: Tsukasa! Why are you stopping me? And why do you keep getting angry?
Emu: I know, you must be hungry, right? I have some taiyaki! Do you want some?
Emu: Hehehe, I bought them on my way here.
Emu: In fact, I bought a lot, so let's eat them together☆
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Emu Otori)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: Okay, I'll go next!
Emu: Good good good wonderhoy☆ I'm Emu Otori from Wonderlands×Showtime!
Emu: We're supposed to say something about ourselves for our self-intros, right...? Umm... What should I talk about...?
Emu: Oh, I know! Until just recently, I was a first-year in high school, but I'm finally a second-year!
Emu: And for this upcoming school year, I'm gonna be a class representative—
Emu: Huh...? Too much personal information...?
Emu: Oh, right...! I should probably talk about all the stuff we've done up until now like Tsukasa!
Emu: Then, uh... Do you all know about Phoenix Wonderland?!
Emu: It's an amusement park located in Shibuya, and the person who built it was my grandpa!
Emu: I've been going since I was little and really, really love that place. I've lost count of how many times I went, but it was always a place that was full of smiles...
Emu: But after Grandpa passed away, it became harder and harder to keep the park running...
Emu: Right about when the park was in really big trouble, Tsukasa and the others came along.
Emu: We became Wonderlands×Showtime soon after and started putting on lots and lots of shows together...
Emu: More and more visitors gradually began coming to see them.
Emu: And now, Phoenix Wonderland is full of smiling faces!
Emu: It was my dream to bring smiles back to that place... I'm super duper happy now, and I can't thank the others enough!
Emu: Oh, but! My dream still hasn't fully come true yet!
Emu: I wanna fill this park with even more smiles! That's why I'm leaving the park with the others! To learn how to do that!
Emu: And, uhh...
Emu: Hm? Wait, I'm back to the present... Then...
Emu: That's it for my self-intro!
Emu: Huuuh...? That didn't really end with a bang like one of our shows.
Emu: Huh...? Oh, you understand how I feel?
Emu: Yippee! Thanks, Nene!
Emu: Then, Nene, you're next!
Emu: Our self-intros feel like little shows! I can't wait to see what Nene says♪
(Black cut)
