Self introduction: Nene Kusanagi

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Robo-Nene (Nene): Welcome to the show, everyone. Today, we will be...
Nene: I was about to start. What is it?
Nene: Hmph. Why can't Robo-Nene do this with me?
Nene: It shouldn't matter. I do the show with Robo-Nene anyway...
Nene: Anyway, don't stop me halfway through again. I can't practice like this.
Nene: Sigh... Okay. Here I go again.
Nene: Thank you for coming to the Wonderlands×Showtime stage show today.
Robo-Nene (Nene): Nene Kusanagi and Robo-Nene from Wonderlands×Showtime here.
Nene: You may be surprised to see Robo-Nene here.
Nene: She's a robot that can sing and dance. As for how... You'll see for yourself in the show later.
Robo-Nene (Nene): We have a few other rather eccentric friends with us.
Robo-Nene (Nene): Our stage director has some of the strangest ideas for performances. He also made Robo-Nene.
Robo-Nene (Nene): There's this girl who's hyper all the time and keeps wanting to say wonderhoy.
Robo-Nene (Nene): And there's this noisy moron who loudly proclaims every day that he's going to be a future top star.
Nene: Well... They're all eccentric, but in a good way, I guess.
Nene: I used to be in a children's theater company. I'm pretty confident in my singing ability, as long as I do it right...
Nene: So, um... I think you'll find our show to be quite enjoyable, so...
Robo-Nene (Nene): Please stay with us until the end.
Nene: That should be fine.
Nene: Yes? What's your problem, self-proclaimed future star?
Nene: I said self-proclaimed star because that's what you are.
Nene: I see. Okay, I'll let you know if I come up with a more suitable nickname for you. But don't hold your breath.
Nene: Seriously, it's emotionally difficult enough to just be standing on stage like this...
Nene: ...No. It's nothing.
Nene: Okay, okay, I got it. I'll do something more proper for the actual show.
Nene: Thanks for the help, Robo-Nene.
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Nene: What...? It's my turn already...? Seriously, I'm not very good at these things...
Nene: But I guess I should practice since we're probably gonna be introducing ourselves more from now on...
Nene: Umm...
Nene: I'm Nene Kusanagi from Wonderlands×Showtime. M-My...
Nene: My dream is to become a world-class musical actress.
Nene: H-Hey... Don't heckle me.
Nene: Great, now I forgot what I was gonna say.
Nene: So, as for why I want to become a musical actress...
Nene: The rendition of “The Little Mermaid” I saw when I was in elementary school is the reason.
Nene: The Little Mermaid I saw was so dazzling. I was so moved by her performance that I decided I also want to do what she does. In junior high, I joined a children's theatre group...
Nene: Unfortunately, I made a huge mistake while performing for that group, which made me want to quit...
Nene: But everyone in Wonderlands×Showtime reminded me how much fun it is to perform on stage. And now...
Nene: I feel like I can sing anywhere on any stage.
Nene: I like singing... No, I love singing.
Nene: More than anyone else, I feel... I want that to be true, so...
Nene: I know we're gonna be faced with a lot of obstacles in the future, but I'm going to sing my heart out wherever we are.
Nene: I want to make everyone around the world smile...
Nene: ...i-is about all I have to say. How'd I do...?
Nene: Really...? You got my message loud and clear? Thank goodness.
Nene: I'm glad I spent the time coming up with a few different variations and practicing them...
Nene: Oh, um... Nothing!
Nene: But still... It was nice to look back on how far I've come.
Nene: So, let's all keep doing the best we can.
(Black cut)
