Self introduction: Rui Kamishiro

<YEAR 1>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Rui: So, we're practicing our pre-show greetings, right?
Rui: It's something I often do for my guerilla gigs, so I'm actually pretty good at it.
Rui: I rather wish I could be practicing my post-show speech instead.
Rui: I seldom get to the end of my guerilla gigs, after all.
Rui: Hm? Yes, yes. Here goes.
Rui: Hello, everyone, and welcome to the Wonder Stage.
Rui: I am Rui Kamishiro, stage director and performer of Wonderlands×Showtime.
Rui: It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance. Hehe.
Rui: Now, you won't just be seeing human performers here.
Rui: Some of our performers include robots and drones. Watch out for these unusual mechanical actors.
Rui: And we have plenty of stage gimmicks, too. Our magical stage can switch between day and night in the blink of an eye.
Rui: Before you even realize it, you'll find yourself already drawn into the wonderful world of Wonderlands×Showtime!
Rui: Hehe. As for which world you'll eventually end up in, that's for you to find out by the end of the show.
Rui: Hm. That should do for the pre-show greeting. 
Rui: I'm hoping to emphasize the words gimmick and wonderful world with some stage effects that will take the audience by surprise.
Rui: Let me see...
Rui: Tsukasa. What do you think of flying into the air and blowing up?
Rui: I see... Flying is negotiable, but blowing up is a no-go.
Rui: That's perfectly fine, though. I wanted you to fly to begin with, anyway.
Rui: But it won't have that much of an impact if it's just Tsukasa by himself.
Rui: I know. Why don't we make Robo-Nene fly too? If I install jet engines on her feet...
Rui: What do you think, Nene?
Rui: You don't want to put Robo-Nene in any kind of danger?
Rui: As Robo-Nene's creator, I'm heartened to hear that you care so much for her.
Rui: I guess I'll just have to make do with Tsukasa then.
Rui: Oh, how rude of me. What I meant was, while it won't be as much of a challenge, I'm by no means unhappy with whatever I can get.
Rui: Now then, since that's decided, let us make this show as brilliant as it can be.
Rui: Hehe, I can't wait to get started.
(Black cut)


<YEAR 2>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rui: Okay. Last but not least, me. I consider it an honor to be the headliner.
Rui: Please allow me to introduce myself once again. I'm Rui Kamishiro from Wonderlands×Showtime.
Rui: You've probably seen me perform on stage many times now, but I'm primarily more of a director.
Rui: Also... I enjoy making props and gadgets for our shows.
Rui: For example, we have a launch pad that will send you flying sky-high, and a lifeline that lets you fall from such heights.
Rui: I even invented our trusted companion, Robo-Nene.
Rui: Actually, I'm starting to sound more like an inventor instead of a director, aren't I...?
Rui: However, I believe in doing what I can to make our shows as entertaining as possible.
Rui: Currently, I get to have fun with the others. But until not too long ago, I was doing shows all by myself.
Rui: Very few people were able to understand my directing style...
Rui: But the others in Wonderlands×Showtime were willing to listen. To accept me for who I am.
Rui: They believed that my ideas would make their shows better.
Rui: I respect their attitude when it comes to shows, and I could not be more grateful to them.
Rui: Just as Tsukasa and Emu said, we're going to leave the Wonder Stage to set out into the world...
Rui: We may face some high hurdles in the future.
Rui: But I'm very excited because this is uncharted territory for us.
Rui: Moreover, I'm beyond overjoyed that we get to keep pursuing our dreams while doing shows together.
Rui: I'm looking forward to seeing how the others grow, as well as myself. So, let's all keep doing our best...
Rui: Okay, I believe that's it for me...
Rui: My self-introduction sort of turned into me cheering on the others.
(Black cut)
