152_Ena Shinonome_R4 New Year's At The Shinonomes (event_9)

Gacha phrase: That was a surprisingly good year.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Ena's Room]

Ena: A New Year's Countdown Party, huh...?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Mizuki: <It's simple! Let's do it in SEKAI!>
Mizuki: <Yeah! We can meet up without having to go outside and we'll get to party together with Miku!>
Mizuki: <I can take care of organizing it all...!>
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Ena: At least it won't be cold in SEKAI and I won't have to see anyone I don't want to. It's not a bad idea, actually.
Ena: But there's still so much time to kill before evening...
Ena: (Also... Mizuki volunteered to take care of everything, but it wouldn't feel right for me just to turn up empty-handed...)
Ena: Oh, I know. I'll bring some of the sweets we got as year-end gifts. Hehe. I can sample a few first too.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shinonome Household - Living Room]

Ena: He's... Not here? Mom's not here either. Maybe they went shopping?
Ena: Well, whatever.... The gifts should all be in the living room...
Ena: Oh...
Akito: Hm? Oh, it's you.
Ena: What are you doing with the gifts, Akito? And what are you munching on...?
Akito: Huh? Mom asked me to divvy them up while she was out shopping. And this is what I was eating...
Ena: Oh, those look yummy! Cute colors too! Where are they from? Hmm... This logo looks familiar, but what was it from...?
Akito: I could be wrong, but I think it's that new place run by that famous patisserie chain and specializes in madeleines. They're pretty good.
Ena: But mom asked you to go through them, right? Not to eat them all.
Akito: She didn't say anything about not eating them, so why not? Hmm... I guess the vanilla ones were the best after all.
Ena: Are you trying to turn me into your accomplice...?
Akito: I don't care either way, but didn't you come out of your room to pinch some of the sweets anyway?
Ena: Well, so what if I did...? Also, I need some to take with me tonight.
Akito: You going somewhere?
Ena: Yeah. My group's meeting up for a New Year's Countdown Party. What flavor are the green ones?
Akito: Green tea. They're decent.
Ena: Hmm. I bet they'd go well with black tea. I'll put on a kettle.
Akito: Cool, make me some too.
Ena: Excuse me?
Akito: Come on, it's no effort. Just put more water in the kettle so there's enough for me too.
Ena: I'll make you tea if you bring the gifts over to my room.
Akito: Alright, fine.
(Black cut)
Akito: There. That's all of them.
Ena: Whoa, we got a lot this year. Opening them one by one's gonna be a pain.
Akito: Right? But picking out a few to eat in the meantime makes it less tedious.
Ena: Hey, can't you open them a little nicer?
Akito: You wanna spend the whole day carefully opening each gift? Oh, bummer... This one's just seaweed.
Ena: Ugh... You're so uncultured. Pass me that blue box.
Akito: Here.
Ena: Thanks. I bet there's some sort of fruit in this one... Hah, I was right! It's compote!
Akito: Hey, yokan jelly...
Ena: W-Will you stop ripping them open like that? You're just adding to the trash pile!
Akito: Like there'd be any less if you folded them neatly. And this one's... Ham.
Ena: That needs to be refrigerated. The other box at the bottom looks to be meat too. Can you put them both in the fridge?
Akito: Sure.
Ena: What's in here... Black tea. And judging from its wrapper, it's yokan jelly again.
Akito: I got Castella cake.
Ena: Are they pre-cut?
Akito: No, it's a whole one. It's mom's favorite too, so we probably shouldn't touch it.
Ena: Yeah... What's in that long box?
Akito: This one? Let's see... Juice. Apple and grape.
Ena: Oh, it's from that famous fruit parlor.
Ena: (Mizuki's bringing some snacks so... I could take this juice.)
Ena: Can you put those two bottles aside for me? I'll need a bag for them too...
Akito: You're taking both? They're glass, and pretty heavy...
Ena: I'll be fine. I'm not going very far.
Ena: Oh, and can you tell Mom that I won't need any New Year's soba too.
Akito: Yeah, sure...
Ena: Okay, I'm going back to my room.
Akito: What? We're not done checking the gifts.
Ena: Mom asked you to take care of that, not me. Have fun.
Akito: H-Hey!
Akito: Fine... But don't count on me leaving you any of the best stuff!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Ena's Room)
Ena: Phew... There. Two bottles of juice should be more than enough for the four of us.
Ena: But we're really spending New Year's Eve together...
Ena: So much has happened this year... The thing with Mafuyu, and us discovering SEKAI...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Ena: You know, it was a surprisingly good year...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

[Shopping Mall]

Ena: Yawn... I'm so sleepy...
Mizuki: Same... Yaaawn!
Mizuki: But you actually managed to get up early. I mean, it's only 7...
Ena: I can get up early if I have to. I set my alarm's volume to max.
Ena: (The truth is, I only woke up because Akito stormed into my room, snatched the blankets and told me to turn my alarm off...)
Mizuki: Also, you turned down my invite to hang out just because it was cold, but you're dragging me along shopping today.
Ena: You could've said no. Besides, if we had to wait in a line outside, I wouldn't have come either.
Ena: But you line up indoors for this, and the stores I want to go to are all conveniently located near each other.
Mizuki: Hmph. So you come here for the New Year's sales every year?
Ena: Yeah.
Ena: By the way, we need to come up with a plan.
Mizuki: You mean, plan out which stores to go to?
Ena: Yeah. I want the grab bags from this store and the ones on the second floor. As much as I want to check out accessories and stuff, the cosmetics grab bags are my top priority.
Mizuki: I want to see a few apparel shops on the second floor too, so we can go together.
Ena: No accessories?
Mizuki: Yeah. It's not that I'm not interested, but it's no biggie. I could definitely use more cosmetics, so I'm going for those too.
Ena: Okay. We still need to think about where each of us has to go after this one.
Mizuki: Yeah. We gotta be efficient to get everything we want before it's all gone♪
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Oh, hey. They should be opening soon.
Ena: You're right. Time really flies when you're strategizing.
Mizuki: Everyone waiting looks so excited too. I'm starting to get pretty excited!
Ena: Me too.
Staff: Thank you for your patience! We are now starting our grab bag sales!
Ena: (Finally!)
Ena: Got our first one♪
Mizuki: Cool! I'll go to the next place on our list!
Ena: Okay! Let me know if anything happens!
(Black cut)
Ena: The third store on our list is... Here! The one Mizuki wanted!
Ena: Great, they still have their white outfit sets too!
Ena: Okay, got it. Next is...
Ena: Hm? A message? Maybe it's from Mizuki...
Mizuki: <They're running out of everything M-sized at the store you like!>
Ena: No way! They didn't sell this fast last year!
Ena: <Forget the cosmetics! See if you can still get anything in M for me!>
Mizuki: <You got it♪>
Ena: Mizuki, you're my only hope. Alright, next for me is...!
(Black cut)
Ena: Oh, Mizuki...! I'm over here!
Mizuki: Looks like we got everything we wanted! Now, let's check out the spoils♪
Ena: Hold on. This is an M bag, right? Why is there L-sized stuff mixed in...?!
Mizuki: Hahaha. Bummer!
Ena: This isn't funny! Ugh... That store's too far to go bother asking for an exchange...
Mizuki: Why don't you give the ones that are too big for you to Mafuyu? They'd suit her.
Ena: You're right... But do you think she'd want them?
Mizuki: Who knows? Dang, this white dress would look better on Miku than me.
Mizuki: Ena, can we go over to SEKAI for a bit? Mafuyu might just be there too.
Ena: Now...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty SEKAI]

Miku (N25): Oh...
Miku (N25): Hello, Ena and Mizuki. I wasn't expecting you today...
Ena: Just a spur-of-the-moment, you know...
Miku (N25): You're carrying lots of bags... Are we having another party?
Mizuki: No, not today...
Miku (N25): Oh, Mafuyu and Kanade are here...
Kanade: Wait, Ena and Mizuki are here too...?
Mizuki: We went to New Year's sales and a dress I got from a grab bag seems perfect for Miku, so we came to see her!
Mizuki: What about you, Kanade?
Kanade: I got a New Year's decoration as a freebie from a convenience store. I thought Miku might like it.
Miku (N25): A New Year's decoration?
Kanade: It's just something you usually put by the door...
Ena: And you...?
Mafuyu: We had a family gathering. It ended, so I came here...
Ena: Oh, okay. But you look even gloomier than usual...
Ena: Well, anyway... Wanna see what clothes we got? It might cheer you up.
Mafuyu: No thanks...
Ena: But the M-sized grab bag had L-sized stuff mixed in. Can you believe it?
Mafuyu: No need to show me.
Ena: Come on, it won't hurt to take a look! Here!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ena's Room]

Ena: Phew... I'm spent.
Ena: Why does Mafuyu have to make things so difficult? That dress was made for her and she just flat out refused...
Ena: Hm? A message? Maybe it's from Mizuki...
Ena: Oh...!
Airi: <A belated Happy New Year, Ena!>
Ena: It's from Airi...!
Ena: ...
Ena: <And Happy New Year to you! I'm looking forward to our shopping trips this year too!>
(Black cut)
