217_Ena Shinonome_R4 Outstretched Hand (event_22)

Gacha phrase: Y-You saved me...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Akito Shinonome, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Diner]

Ena: Here's to another new song successfully uploaded... Cheers!
Kanade & Mafuyu: Cheers.
Mizuki: Cheers!
Mizuki: Alright, let's dig in♪ I'm starving...!
Ena: Hehe. Before we do that...
Mizuki: Oh, right. Your obligatory social media pic...
Ena: Duh... Why do you think I got this?
Mizuki: Haha. Yeah, it is pretty colorful, and it looks delicious too...!
Ena: But you're not getting any, got it?
Mizuki: Aww, come on! Not even one little bite?
Mafuyu: Would you like some of my tart, Mizuki? I'm not sure how it tastes anyway so...
Mizuki: You sure? Sweet♪
Ena: (Mizuki's seemingly in a good mood...)
Ena: (But...)
Ena: (Mizuki's usually the one that wants to celebrate like this, but I was the one that had to push for it this time...)
Ena: (Getting Mizuki to go out shopping hasn't been easy lately either. Plus, I haven't been getting as many jabs about posting photos online as I usually do...)
Mizuki: *Blow*... *Blow*...
Kanade: Oh, is it still too hot for you?
Mafuyu: You should've gotten something other than the skillet steak...
Mizuki: But I really wanted to try it♪ *Blow*... *Blow*...
Ena: ...
Ena: (We're all having fun but... Something still doesn't feel right...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shinonome Household - Living Room]

Akito: I'm back.
Ena: Finally, you're home.
Ena: There's something I want to ask you. Has Mizuki been going to school lately?
Akito: Akiyama? Nah, not for a while...
Ena: Oh, okay...
Akito: You went out with your group today, right? Did you see Akiyama there?
Ena: Yeah, but I was wondering how things were going at school...
Akito: Why are you asking me? Can't you just ask Akiyama?
Ena: I'm asking because it's hard to get anything out of Mizuki...
Akito: Okay...
Akito: If that's the case, I have a teammate who's pretty close with Akiyama too. Want me to see if she can ask for you instead?
Ena: Oh... No, I don't want to do that to you. It's not that serious or urgent so...
Ena: I'm heading up to my room...
Akito: Uh, alright...
(Black cut)

[A few days later]

Akito: Thanks for the food.
Ena: Oh, before I forget... Akito, you'll need to wake me up tomorrow morning.
Akito: What? Why?
Ena: Please, just do it. There's this thing I absolutely have to do tomorrow.
Akito: That just means you're going shopping or something, right?
Ena: No, I'm meeting up with Airi!
Ena: And she's introducing me to one of her friends! You know, Shizuku Hinomori, the former lead for Cheerful Days? I'm not missing this chance!
Akito: *Sigh*... You really can't just wake up on your own?
Ena: I will. I just want some insurance just in case too...
Akito: Fine, whatever... Just don't cause trouble for anyone else, okay...?
Ena: Good boy! Thanks, Akito!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Ena: There! We even got here before Airi!
Ena: Hey, what if I got you Hinomori's autograph as a reward for waking me up?
Akito: You're just saying that because you want one too...
Akito: Momoi's not introducing you to her for that sort of purpose either, right? Like I said, try not to cause anyone else trouble...
Ena: Of course I wouldn't do that. Airi is a dear friend of mine.
Akito: Anyways, I'm going...
Ena: Okay, bye. You're meeting up with your team, right?
Akito: Yeah.
Ena: But if I knew that I'd have this much time I would've tagged along with you before coming here.
Akito: Huh? Why?
Ena: Because you said two of your teammates are girls. I've been wondering what they're like...
Akito: Well, too bad...
Akito: I only came here because I have work later. Plus, we usually meet somewhere else, so your chances of meeting them are pretty low.
Ena: What? Are you deliberately trying to keep me from...?
Airi's Voice (Airi): There she is! Ena, over here!
Ena: Oh, Airi's here! Akito, you should at least say hi...
Ena: Huh? Where'd he go? Whatever, his loss...
Ena: Be right there, Airi!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[One week after the picnic]

[Scramble Crossing]

Ena: (Good, I got here ten minutes early...)
Ena: *Yawn*...
Airi: Hm? Ena, you're already here?
Ena: Oh, Airi... I just got here... *Yawn*...
Airi: Yawning like that in the middle of the afternoon. Still a night owl, huh?
Ena: Hehe. Yeah.
Airi: But since you're so tired, why don't we hit up a cafe or something first?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Cafe]

Airi: This girl from my group, Minori, works here too.
Ena: Oh, Minori Hanasato? Is she in today?
Airi: No, she said she's gonna be busy with dance practice all day today. She's probably hard at work right now.
Ena: I see. But she really is amazing. It's almost hard to believe that she's performing alongside former first-rate idols like you, Airi.
Airi: I know. Her work ethic is incredible.
Ena: Yeah. I'd like to meet her sometime if I can.
Airi: Sure, I'll try and introduce you to her.
Airi: Oh, she even recommended me this special parfait they make here too. This one...!
Ena: Whoa, that looks amazing! I bet it's a like magnet too!
Airi: It apparently tastes as good as it looks. I think I'll get the green tea version of it.
Ena: Then I'll get the strawberry one! Excuse me...!
(Black cut)
Airi: So, it's been a week since then... Has anything happened on your end?
Ena: With Mizuki? Not really, unfortunately.
Airi: I see. At least things haven't gotten worse, right?
Ena: Yeah. I have a feeling that this is gonna take a pretty long time to work out.
Ena: Mizuki has this knack for dodging questions and avoiding people.
Airi: Yeah, I got that. I tried to get a conversation going during the Green Adventure...
Airi: But every time I thought I had a chance to actually go for it and ask, I sort of wasn't able to commit or get any good answers...
Ena: See what I mean? It's like this is turning into a never-ending staring contest.
Ena: But I'll make Mizuki regret not telling me sooner.
Airi: Hehe. And I don't expect you to give up anytime soon!
Ena: Yeah. I just want to move past this already.
Ena: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ena: (I don't know what made Mizuki feel that way...)
Ena: (What am I supposed to do...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kanade: Even if this song isn't able to save you, I'll keep composing until I find the one that does.
Kanade: I'll keep composing...until you can find yourself.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ena: (I need that sort of resolve...)
Ena: (Kanade showed Mafuyu how determined she is...)
Ena: (I have to do the same...!)
Ena: Oh, sorry. I sort of just clammed up there, didn't I? Wait, why are you grinning like that...?
Airi: Hehe. I'm just glad that you're back to your old self.
Ena: My old self?
Airi: Yeah. My favorite part about you is how you can just say or do what's on your mind without a second thought.
Ena: I'm not sure if that's a compliment or an insult...
Airi: Of course it's a compliment!
Airi: It might not sound all that great coming from me, but I really do admire that part of you.
Airi: So do what you can for Mizuki, okay? Shizuku and I will help however we can too...
Ena: Right! Thanks, Airi!
Airi: And look at that. Our parfaits are finally here!
Ena: Wow, they're even better than what we saw in the pictures. Okay, which angle works best...?
Airi: Mind giving me a few tips on how to take good pics? It's sort of been a while since we last did this.
Ena: Hehe. No problem! For something like this, it might be best to...
(Black cut)
