421_Ena Shinonome_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I can get up early if I try.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Akito Shinonome, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Ena's Birthday]

[Ena's Room]

Ena: Hmm... This dress is nice... But it's a tad on the pretty side and I like it too much to wear for a day out shopping with friends. 
Ena: I should just go with something closer to my usual...
Akito's Voice (Akito): Hey, you awake?
Ena: Oh, right. I forgot that I asked you to come wake me up.
Ena: (We ended up celebrating with Miku and the others yesterday, but I was trying to be careful about staying up too late and oversleeping...)
Ena: Thanks, Akito. I'm wide awake.
Akito: You are? Once in a blue moon, I guess.
Ena: Hehe. I can get up on my own if I try.
Akito: Then, quit asking me to be your alarm clock and start waking up on your own more.
Ena: That's different. I still need an insurance policy.
Akito: Ugh...
Ena: Anyway, I need to get ready.
Ena: So, what should I wear?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Mizuki: Oh, there she is! Ena, over here!
Shizuku: Enaaa.
Ena: Thanks for waiting. But you're here pretty early. There's still like ten minutes until our meetup time.
Airi: We weren't about to let the star of today's show wait. Also, we literally got here just now too.
Mizuki: Yup! Anyway, ready...?
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Ena♪
Airi & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Ena: Thanks, you guys! We're gonna have so much fun shopping today.
Airi: You know it! As per your request, we'll be picking out a new summer outfit for you!
Shizuku: Oh, should we ask you what your budget is first? A full outfit may end up costing quite a bit.
Ena: Thanks, but I should be fine.
Ena: I told my mom that I'd be shopping with my friends today, so she gave me some extra allowance money as my birthday present.
Mizuki: Really?! Your family's okay with that?
Airi: Still, some stuff here's gonna run you up a lot, so I guess we'll just have to price-check anything that looks good!
Shizuku: Okay. We promise to do our best to find the perfect outfit for you, Ena♪
Ena: Thanks. I'm looking forward to it!
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Oh, how about this blouse? It's chiffon and has some lace around the neck and shoulders, so it'll feel nice and cool.
Ena: And it's super cute! You're right about it feeling nice and cool, Shizuku. Plus, it's not too revealing.
Airi: Yeah! In terms of color choices... Besides white, you have black, pink and blue.
Ena: Oh, look at that. Sax blue.
Mizuki: That's a nice color. What do you think? I feel like black wouldn't really match the season, you know?
Mizuki: White and pink might look good on you, but you probably wouldn't want it to get dirty. Also, it wouldn't really suit your personality...
Ena: Yeah, I probably wouldn't wear it much...
Ena: And what was that about my personality? I can pull off clean and pure just fine, thank you.
Airi: Hehe. Alright, your highness. How about this antique-looking blouse?
Mizuki: Whoa! That totally screams, “Pristine heiress!”
Ena: W-Wait, Airi. “Clean and pure” is one thing, but I'm not trying to look like a princess! Don't make things any harder for me!
Shizuku: Oh? I think it'd look very nice on you, Ena.
Ena: What? Really?
Airi: We're not here to pick out anything that'll look bad on you. I say give “clean and pure” princess Ena a shot! You can worry about purchasing it later.
Mizuki: Yeah! I'm all for that too!
Ena: Alright, if you're all willing to go that far.
Mizuki: Cool! Next, we need a skirt that goes with that blouse...
(Black cut)

[Shopping Mall - Cafe]

Ena: Wow, we walked around a ton...
Airi: We really did. It probably didn't help that we kept going between stores to compare everything.
Mizuki: No, this is good. It's good exercise, right, Ena?
Ena: Speak for yourself. How much time do you spend indoors?
Ena: But I am pretty tired. At the same time, I'm totally satisfied with our choices!
Ena: Thanks, you guys!
Airi: Hehe. You're welcome!
Shizuku: Oh, Airi. It should be ready now, right?
Airi: Yeah, it should be.
Ena: Hm? What are you two talking about?
Shizuku: Oh, nothing. We'll be powdering our noses for a bit.
Ena: Uh, okay?
Ena: What are they up to?
Mizuki: Hmm... Who knows?
Ena: What?! You're in on this too, Mizuki?!
Mizuki: No. What in the world are you talking about? I just can't believe how good this curry is.
Ena: Ugh... You're acting's terrible.
Ena: Welcome back, you two. Wait, that's...!
Shizuku: Hehe. We asked this shop to prepare a mini birthday cake for you♪
Airi: We know you usually have cheesecake at home, so we asked for a standard shortcake.
Mizuki: I mean, it's not really a birthday party unless you have some cake, right♪
Ena: You guys...
Ena: No fair. You really did all this for me?
Airi: Well, duh. We're friends, aren't we?
Shizuku: Exactly. We're just glad that we get to celebrate with you.
Mizuki: Yeah! So again, Ena, happy birthday!
Ena: Thanks! I really appreciate it!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Shinonome Household - Living Room]

Ena: I'm home.
Mother: Oh, good timing. Dinner's just about ready.
Ena: Okay. Lemme go put my bag down...
Akito: I'm home.
Ena: Oh, welcome home. Dinner will be ready soon.
Akito: Okay.
Akito: Oh, before I forget. This is from my team.
Ena: Huh? They got me a birthday present?
Akito: Looks like it. I told them they didn't have to...
Ena: Your teammates are so nice! Oh, hey! These cookies are from that shop with all the bears, right?
Ena: I've been meaning to check it out for a while now. Thank them for me, okay?
Akito: Yeah, yeah.
(Black cut)
Akito & Ena: I'm stuffed.
Mother: How'd you like this cheesecake?
Ena: It was good. It felt like it sat somewhere between a souffle and something that was baked normally. But it was still really rich.
Akito: How's Dad so good at finding these places?
Ena: Wait, what does he have to do with this...?
Mother: He's the one that bought this cheesecake. He apparently found another good shop.
Ena: What?! No one said anything about that!
Mother: Also, you probably wouldn't have eaten it if I told you, right?
Mother: Oh, that reminds me. He said he won't be coming home because of work, so we can have his share.
Ena: Are you trying to fatten me up or something...?
Akito: I'm taking it if you don't want it.
Ena: Now just wait a second! I didn't say anything about that!
Akito: Huh? Seriously, which is it...?
Mother: Hehe. There's plenty left for you too, Akito. Bring me your plates, you two.
Ena: Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ena's Room]

Ena: Alright...
Ena: (It's still before 25:00, but I wonder if anyone's on...)
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Hey, Enanan. I had fun this afternoon. What's up?>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Hello.>
(Background change)
Ena: <Oh, you're all here. What were you doing just now?>
(Background change)
Mafuyu: <K and I were working on the lyrics.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <I'm using the rough draft you sent me yesterday to get started on the storyboard.>
Ena: <Alright, I'll keep drawing stuff for you to use!>
Mizuki: <Thanks! But before we do get back to the grind...>
Mizuki: <Enanan, you still have one hour left to celebrate your birthday. Is there anything left that you still want to do?>
Ena: <That I still want to do?>
(Background change)
Kanade: <I agree with Mizuki. If there's anything you want to do, I'd like to help. Well, within reason.>
Ena: <Hmm... What do I still want to do...?>
(Background change)
Mafuyu: <So, nothing...?>
Ena: <I'm still thinking!>
(Background change)
Ena: (But I'm drawing a total blank...)
Ena: (Wait, there is one thing...)
Ena: Mind if you all came along?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty SEKAI]

Miku (N25): Ena. Oh, you're all here...
Rin: You're back already? We just celebrated your birthday.
Ena: I know. There's something I want to show you.
Ena: Here, it's this sketch... Can you three look at it too?
Kanade: Okay.
Mizuki: That's why we're here, right♪
Mafuyu: Is this you at your desk, Ena...?
Ena: Yeah. Remember that art class I went back to the other day? The theme for this one was “ourselves” and drew something with the same sort of layout and design...
Ena: But my teacher said, “I cannot tell what this person's feeling,” and, “There seems to be no point of focus.” So I decided to redraw it...
Ena: I made it look more like one of our illustrations, so I want to hear what you all think.
Mafuyu: This is how you see yourself, Ena...?
Mafuyu: ... I don't understand...
Ena: What don't you understand...?
Mafuyu: All of it. Nothing about it seems clear.
Rin: I agree. You can tell that you're trying your best to draw something, but outside of that...
Ena: Hmm... Okay...
Ena: *Sigh* I guess my expressiveness and layout ideas still have a long way to go...
Miku (N25): Maybe... But...
Miku (N25): I like your drawing...
Ena: Huh...?
Mizuki: I think I like it too. I'm not really sure how to describe it, but I want to know more about what's going on!
Kanade: Me too.
Kanade: Why's she trying so hard? What's she drawing? This drawing compels me to know more about this person.
Ena: Oh...
Ena: Hehe. Okay...
Ena: Kanade. Everyone. This is gonna be a long process...
Ena: But I promise to learn how to really capture N25's music with my illustrations.
Kanade: Okay. I'll be looking forward to that, Ena.
Ena: Thanks!
Ena: Miku, Rin, I'll be counting on you both too!
Miku & Rin: Okay...
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000073/bg_s000073.webp)
An: Happy birthday, Ena!
Kohane & Toya: Happy birthday.
Akito: You guys are so old-fashioned...
Toya: She's your sister, Akito, and you've done so much for us.
Akito: What does she have to do with us? Also, she's done nothing for me as far as I know.
Akito: Anyway, happy birthday. It's good to see you drawing again, but don't push yourself too hard, alright...?
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Ena♪ I'm glad you enjoyed our little shopping trip.
Airi: Hehe. The face you made when you saw our surprise cake was priceless too!
Shizuku: We should go again sometime. Next time we could... Oh, how about we go on a dessert tour?
Airi: Great idea! We can show each other all our favorite shops and hidden gems! Try to keep some places in mind for us, okay?
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Ena! Thanks for always drawing such great illustrations and materials♪ Video editing's way more fun because of you.
Mizuki: You've shown genuine concern for my well-being, so feel free to ask me for help if you ever think you need it. In the meantime, let's keep having fun!
Mafuyu: Happy birthday...
Mafuyu: I don't have much to say... But there are times when you're able to say what no one else is willing to, Ena.
Mafuyu: I don't know if it'll help me change, but I'd like it if you could just keep speaking your mind...
Kanade: Happy birthday, Ena.
Kanade: Your illustrations usually show hints of pain and suffering, but also this warmth and kindness that can bring people closer together.
Kanade: I think that's the reason you're able to create visual representations of our songs.
Kanade: I really like what you draw, Ena. So I hope you get to keep drawing the way you want.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ena: There was a time when just having cheesecake was enough for me in terms of celebrating my birthday...
Ena: But it's nice to celebrate with real friends like this. It even motivates me to keep drawing.
Ena: I need to get better to draw illustrations that do N25's songs justice.
Ena: I have to face my art and somehow make up for the two years I lost.
Ena: I'm gonna do what I can, so I'll be counting on you for support, okay?
Ena: Bye bye.
(White cut)
