460_Ena Shinonome_R4 This Claw's Too Weak! (event_63)

Gacha phrase: Why couldn't it get it that time?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Ena's Room]

Ena: <Alright, K. Tomorrow, we're going for a walk like we planned.>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Okay, I'll be looking forward to it.>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Since you two are gonna be exercising tomorrow, why don't you log off early today?>
(Background change)
Kanade: <Right. Once a I reach a good place to stop, I'll probably got to bed for a bit...>
(Background change)
Ena: <Yeah, me too. So, I'll be getting back to work now.> 
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Okie dokie♪>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ena: Finished...! Hehe. I got a lot more done than I was expecting.
Ena: Now to send it off to Kanade and the others...
Ena: Hmm... I can log off now, but I don't feel that sleepy yet...
Ena: I know. I'll spend this time looking up how to get the most out of our walk...
Ena: Since we're actually going through with this, we should figure out how to efficiently benefit from it.
Ena: Let's start with... “Getting the most out of a walk”... Search...
Ena: Oh, I got a ton of results. Which ones look good...?
Ena: Oh, this site's really well written, and it includes some nice figures...
Ena: Let's see... Oh, here we go. A whole section about getting more out of your walk!
Ena: <Stretch before and after you go on your walk.>
Ena: <Stretch prior to exercising in order to warm up your joints and afterwards to loosen your muscles and help them recover.>
Ena: Okay, so it's important to keep stuff like this in mind even when you're just going for a walk...
Ena: And there's a video about proper walking form down below. I think I'll give it a try.
Ena: Play... Oh, I should unplug my headphones and lower the volume...
Video Trainer: <Alright, let's talk about some important tips and tricks to getting the most out of your walk!>
Ena: It's nice that they're getting right to it. Videos with long-winded introductions really bug me sometimes.
Video Trainer: <First, your shoulder blades and pelvis! You may often see people aggressively swinging their arms out in front while walking.>
Video Trainer: <However, it's more important to focus on your shoulder blades and pelvis! By properly alternating between each side, you'll get the core workout you're looking for.>
Ena: Okay, my shoulder blades and pelvis...
Video Trainer: <So, let's give it a try! First, move your right hand and left foot forward!>
Ena: My right hand and left foot...
Video Trainer: <Now, check to see where your shoulder blades and pelvis are facing. Next, instead of your arms and legs, think about moving your shoulder blades and pelvis.>
Ena: Uhh... Like this...?
Video Trainer: <When you move, try to keep your limbs from flailing. Your goal is simply to gently push them forward!>
Video Trainer: <How is it? Can you feel the muscles in your core as you use them?>
Video Trainer: <Alright, let's take one more step!>
Ena: Hm...? Oh, I am starting to feel it around my midriff.
Video Trainer: <By using your core as you walk, you're also helping your internal organs do their job and making your body just that much healthier.>
Ena: Yeah, I see. This video's really good and easy to understand. I think I'll share it with Kanade.
(Background change)
Kanade: <I agree. It's a bit hard to tell how they're moving their arms and legs without any visual aids...>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <And I'm curious to hear what their other important point is...>
(Background change)
Ena: Huh...?
Ena: Wait...
Ena: When did I get unmuted?!
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Remember how you unplugged your headphones when you decided to follow along? I think that was when it happened.>
(Background change)
Kanade: <I think that happens to all of us. We forget that unplugging our headphones can cause our computers to turn our mics back on.>
(Background change)
Ena: ...
Ena: <Hey, if you could hear, why didn't you tell me sooner...?!>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <Whoa, hold up. One second, we were just trying to work, and the next, we have someone yelling, “Alright, here's how to get the most out of your walk!” in our ears.>
Mizuki: <We figured that you were watching a video, Enanan, and I was doing everything I could to not laugh out loud♪>
Ena: <I'm not letting you forget this, Amia! You better watch out the next time we see each other!>
(Background change)
Ena: <*Sigh* Sorry about that, K. I didn't mean to interrupt you.>
(Background change)
Kanade: <It's okay. Actually, I'd like to thank you for finding that video. If you don't mind sharing it with me, I'd like to watch it later.>
Ena: <Yeah, of course.>
Ena: <Let's learn everything we can from this video and make sure we get in a good walk, K.>
Kanade: <Yes, let's.>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Minori Hanasato, Kanade Yoisaki, Ena Shinonome)

[SpoJoy Park]

Ena: Here's to a great game of strike zone! Cheers!
Kanade, Minori & Ichika: Cheers!
Kanade: I'm glad that we each could get a bottle of juice.
Minori: Yeah! And it's all thanks to you for getting that bingo, Kanade!
Ena: Hehe. I'm still a bit surprised by how your first pitch didn't even make it to the panels.
Ichika: But your last pitch ended up going really straight because your form was so good.
Kanade: I just got lucky.
Ena: There's nothing wrong with that. The fact is, you hit the last panel we needed on your very last chance.
Kanade: Yes, I suppose you're right...
Ena: Anyway, we're finished with our final activity, so let's start getting ready to head home.
Ichika: Sounds good. Also, I'm pretty sweaty, so I'd like to take this opportunity to wipe myself down before I get too cold.
Ena: I'm gonna fix my makeup. Also, my hair's probably a mess right now because of all this sweat.
Minori: Oh, there's a makeup area over there.
Ena: Seriously? That's perfect! Let's go, now!
(Black cut)
Ichika: Oh, it was right next to the basketball courts this entire time...
Kanade: Interesting. I didn't notice either.
Ena: Alright, we're gonna go fix our makeup.
Ichika: Okay! In the meantime, I'll be wiping myself down.
Kanade: Me too. I really don't want to catch a cold.
Minori: Okay, we'll meet up once we're done!
Ichika: Sure. See you in a bit.
Ena: Oh, they even have tissues. And I can just use their mirror.
Ena: (I was worried that carrying around my makeup pouch would be a pain, but I'm glad I brought it along.)
Ena: (Geez, talk about a mess... My hair's a total wreck!)
Ena: (I can't believe I looked like this while talking with everyone...)
Ena: (But we came here to work up a sweat and it was pretty hot out, so I guess this is expected. Still...)
Minori: Whoa...
Ena: Hm? Is something the matter, Minori...?
Minori: I-I'm sorry! It's just... Your makeup seems totally fine even after working up such a good sweat, Ena.
Minori: I'm not very good at doing my own makeup, so I have trouble getting it to hold...
Ena: I see. I'm not exactly what you call an expert either... Also, I went with something pretty light today.
Minori: Y-You did?! Then, is my technique just that bad...?
Minori: Airi's been teaching me a lot of things and I've been trying to put them into practice...
Ena: But you need time to get used to doing it, right? I could also try teaching you a few tricks I know...
Minori: Oh! Yes, please!
(Black cut)
Minori: Thank you so much, Ena. That was really helpful!
Ena: You're welcome.
Ena: I mean, Minori, you're an idol, so you'll want to figure out what sort of makeup is best for you.
Ena: But it might be best to ask Airi and the others about that.
Minori: Hm? Wait a second...
Minori: Airi occasionally talks about this friend from junior high who knew a lot about fashion trends and stuff. Is that person you, Ena?
Ena: Yup.
Minori: I knew it! That's incredible. Where do you get all your information?
Ena: Mostly from social media and video sites. I follow a lot of stylists and makeup artists.
Minori: Oh, I see...!
Minori: That's really impressive, Ena.
Ena: I-It is? I don't think I'm doing anything special, but I suppose it's easy for me to gather this sort of info since I have such a keen interest in it...
Minori: Nothing special? But I think it's really cool that you have a keen eye for detail!
Ena: Huh...?
Ena: (Wow, her eyes are sparkling. Is what I do really that cool or special?)
Ena: Thanks, Minori.
Ena: (Come to think of it, I remember Airi saying how Minori's a great student.)
Ena: (That time, all I thought was how good Airi is at looking after others...)
Ena: (But the way she asked me to teach her while looking straight at me... I feel like I should do everything I can to help her...)
Minori: Hm? It's from Ichika... Oh no! They're already at our meetup spot!
Ena: They are?! We've gotta get a move on!
Minori: Yeah!
Minori: Um, Ena...?!
Ena: Yeah?
Minori: Can we talk more later about makeup, clothes and other stuff later?!
Ena: Sure, I'd love to.
Minori: Yay! I can't wait!
(Black cut)
