499_Ena Shinonome_R4 The Animal From My Memory (event_70)

Gacha phrase: Can't you do a little better with that compliment?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Ena Shinonome)

[Emu's Room]

Emu: Ena! Honami! Thank you both for coming over to my house again!
Ena: Thank you for letting us use your house to do sketches together.
Ena: It's nice to see you again too, Honami. We haven't met since your shadowing, right?
Honami: Yes, and I've been looking forward to receiving another lesson from you.
Ena: Hehe. Thanks, I really appreciate that.
Ena: Now, I'm gonna have you do some sketches today, but let's make having fun a priority.
Emu & Honami: Okay!
(Black cut)
Ena: Your first subject will be... These.
Emu: Wow, so many apples! They look so yummy!
Honami: Hehe. A standard in terms of subjects.
Ena: Right? Now, before we start, let's take a closer look at them by actually picking them up and seeing how they look and feel.
Emu: How they look and feel?
Ena: Yeah, it's important to have a clear understanding of what you're sketching. That includes getting a good idea of your subject's form, texture and even how much it weighs.
Honami: I see...
Ena: At the same time, I don't want you to think too hard about it initially. For now, let's just get a feel for their texture and get a sense of how much they weigh.
Honami: Yes, let's!
Honami: Um... It weighs... As much as any other apple...? Oh, this one's bigger on the right side towards the bottom and even feels a bit bumpy...
Ena: Hey, good catch. That's exactly what I was talking about just now!
Ena: Knowing about these sorts of imperfections can greatly affect how your sketch looks.
Honami: Right...
Ena: Emu, you should also try picking one up.
Emu: Okay! Then, I'll choose... This one!
(Black cut)
Ena: (They both did a really good job of picking out the unique features of their respective apples.)
Ena: (Honami got a good grasp of her apple's form, while Emu focused on the color of the skin and how smooth the texture is.)
Ena: (All that's left for them is to turn their observations into art...)
Ena: (But that's actually easier said than done. I mean, it's pretty normal for Mr. Yukihira to say how awful my sketches are...)
Ena: (Anyway, let's see how they're doing...)
Honami: Hm? This part is indented a little... Wait, if I try to include that, the rest of my sketch will look funny...
Ena: (Honami seems to be having trouble with its form. I'm guessing she's trying to include all the different features that she noticed after holding it.)
Ena: (As for Emu...)
Emu: Hmm... I wanna make it nice and shiny, but it just keeps getting blacker and blacker...
Ena: (She's trying to get the texture right. Yeah, it really isn't easy. I still struggle with that...)
Ena: (But...)
Ena: (As much as they're struggling, they're incredibly focused.)
Ena: (I didn't realize they'd take to this so well. I'm glad that I suggested we do this.)
Honami: Um, Ena, I'm having some trouble with this... Would you mind giving me some advice?
Emu: Oh, I want some advice too!!
Ena: Sure, just gimme a second.
(Black cut)
Ena: Alright, let's pause here!
Emu: Okay!
Honami: Oh, we've been drawing for quite a while now...
Emu: Whoa, you're right!
Ena: You both did a good job of inspecting your apples and staying focused while you drew them.
Ena: So, Emu, let's start with your sketch.
Emu: Okay! Here's my apple!
Honami: Oh wow...! Emu, your apple looks delicious! And it's so shiny!
Emu: Hehe. My goal was to make it look really crisp and yummy♪
Emu: So, I drew mine while thinking a lot about how it would taste when somebody at it!
Ena: Hehe. I see. Considering it's your first sketch, you did a great job with the skin's texture!
Ena: Well done, Emu!
Emu: Yay!
Ena: You're next, Honami...
Honami: O-Okay... Here's mine...
Ena: Overall, I think you captured its form pretty well.
Honami: R-Really? I did?
Honami: I tried to draw what I felt when I held it in my hand. But the more I drew, the less it became what I imagined...
Honami: Also, compared to Emu, I didn't do nearly as good a job when it comes to capturing its texture...
Ena: Yeah, but I really do think you did a good job with its form. The stem portion in particular.
Emu: Yeah, she's right! You did way better than me when it comes to that, Honami.
Honami: A-Are you sure...?
Ena: Yes, you really did do a good job, Honami, so nice work.
Honami: *Gasp* Thank you so much!
Ena: Anyway, it's getting pretty late, so let's call things here and...
Ena: Hm? Was that...?
Emu: Hehe... My tummy's growling... I guess it didn't help that I thought about how my apple would taste while I drew it.
Ena: Hehe. In that case...
Ena: Why don't we eat these apples?
Honami & Emu: What?!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Ena Shinonome)

[Emu's Room]

Ena: In that case... Why don't we eat these apples?
Honami: Are you sure?
Ena: Yeah, I just bought them on my way over here.
Emu: Woohoo! Then, we should have them cut up! Oh, we'll need drinks too!
Ena: Thanks, Emu!
(Black cut)
Emu: Thank you for waiting! Here are your apples!
Ena: Thank... Wait, huh?!
Ena: Wh-What happened?! They were just apples that I bought at the supermarket! How did they become this gorgeous?!
Emu: Hehe. I asked the chef to cut them up to look like bunnies, but they said some variety would help make it look more fun. And this is what they made♪
Honami: W-Wow...!
Emu: We also got some nice, hot drinks to go with them!
Emu: Ta-daa! Special apple tea made from the skins of these apples!
Ena: Wow, this smells so nice... This was really made from the apples I bought?
Honami: I can't believe it either. How did those apples turn into something this delectable?
Emu: Oh, I almost forgot. It's supposed to be really yummy as is, but also good with a little sugar. The chef even said you can make milk tea out of it by using milk and cinnamon!
Ena: Wait, what?! Those both sound amazing!
Honami: Yes, I'd like to try both as well.
Honami: Emu, I can take it from here. Can you hand me those teacups?
Emu: Wait, really?! Thanks!
Ena: Wait, I should take a picture...
Emu: Alright, let's...♪
Ena & Honami: Dig in!
Emu: Heh heh heh. Grrr! I'm gonna gobble you up, my little bunny!
Ena: Is she pretending to be a lion...?
Honami: Hehe. I believe so.
Ena: Mmm. They're just plain, old apples from the supermarket, but they're so good!
Honami: Yes, they are... Oh, the surface of these slices looks very juicy.
Emu: Yeah, they do! I thought they'd be more yellow, but it's a lot closer to white.
Ena: Hehe. It's like you're both still in sketching mode.
Honami: Oh...
Emu: Hehe. We totally are!
Ena: I think that's a good thing. Sketching really teaches you how to take a closer look at everything you see.
Emu: Whoa! Then, I wanna do these kinds of scrumptious sketches every day!
Ena: I know, right?
Honami: Let's try doing this again sometime!
Honami: What's about to be in season...? Oh, how about sweet potatoes?
Ena: Yeah! They're delicious when roasted or made into desserts!
Emu: And the chef can always turn it into something even yummier!
Ena, Emu & Honami: Haha!
Ena: (Scrumptious sketches, huh...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ena: (Huh...? My hand is moving without hesitation for some reason... I've had so much on my mind lately...)
Ena: I'm gonna keep going for a bit longer...
(Black cut)
Ena: It's done...
Ena: (My perspective's all messed up, and so are the details... I bet Mr. Yukihira's gonna have a field day with this one... But...)
Ena: I like what I've made.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ena: (I felt the same thing after I came from home that kindergarten...)
Ena: (But it's like I can just have fun and really enjoy art when I'm drawing with those two.)
Ena: (Hehe. I have a feeling that I'll be able to draw something really good again today.)
(Black cut)
