621_Ena Shinonome_R4 Turn Feelings Into Art (event_90)

Gacha phrase: I need to watch how the water moves...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ena Shinonome)

[Art class]

Yukihira: That concludes our class for today. I want you all to review my feedback and practice in your own time.
Ena: Now's my chance...
Ena: Mr. Yukihira, do you have a moment?
Yukihira: What is it?
Ena: Um, I've been working on a piece in my spare time for practice, but I'm encountering some difficulty...
Ena: If you don't mind, could you please have a look?
Yukihira: Yes, let's see it.
Ena: Thank you...!
Ena: Here it is... I'm trying to improve how I depict water, so I decided to draw a girl swimming.
Yukihira: It's a sketch...?
Ena: Yes. I did consider watercolor, but I wanted to focus on the texture of the water.
Yukihira: ...
Yukihira: ... May I ask you a few questions?
Ena: Th-That's fine...
Yukihira: What is the temperature of the water in this picture?
Ena: Huh? Its...temperature?
Ena: Um... It's not cold. I think it's a little warm to the touch...
Yukihira: Very well. And in what direction is it flowing?
Ena: Flowing... Actually, rather than flowing, I think it's just sort of wavering in place...
Yukihira: Do you mean to say that this is a body of water with no obvious current, such as a lake or spring?
Ena: Oh, yes. I think so.
Yukihira: I see. You said that you took on this piece as a way of working on your depiction of water, no?
Ena: Yes, that's correct.
Yukihira: Well then, let me begin from that perspective. This piece does not provide enough information for the imagination.
Ena: Do you mean about things like the temperature and current?
Yukihira: Yes. Texture is, of course, an important aspect of a piece. However...
Yukihira: A crucial part of refining your technique is how you visually convey to the viewer that which, usually, can only be understood by direct contact.
Ena: Oh...
Ena: (I guess I neglected that aspect by fixating too much on the texture of the water...)
Yukihira: With that said, even if you had succeeded in that regard, I would not think this a good piece.
Yukihira: In the end, this is merely “a sketch of a person swimming”. In itself, it has no meaning or value.
Ena: Huh? What do you mean by that?
Ena: Value I can understand, but surely this had some meaning as a practice piece?
Yukihira: The question of “how” one creates art begins with “what” one wishes to express with it.
Yukihira: When the artist knows what they want to express, and then accomplishes this with rich use of composition and techniques that are appropriate or perhaps even innovative...
Yukihira: That is what I believe to be good art.
Ena: ...
Yukihira: If you reattempt this exercise, I look forward to seeing your own original work. Not a reproduction.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

Ena: *Sigh* It was a bust, just like I thought.
Ena: (I wanted to practice drawing water since I thought that would suit Kanade's new demo...)
Ena: (But he told me to decide what I want to express, instead of just practicing my technique.)
Ena: (It's true I was just thinking about practicing drawing water, so I didn't really think much about the theme.)
Ena: (Mr. Yukihira's right that what you want to express has an impact on how you depict it.)
Ena: But, what do I want to express...?
Ena: Hmm... Maybe I could go to an aquarium or something and see if the animals spark any ideas...
Ena: When I get home, I'll look online and see if anywhere looks interesting.
Ena: Hm? What's that poster for?
Ena: A “Flower Viewing Goldfish Exhibit”...?
Ena: Interesting... It says they're displaying cherry blossoms and goldfish with a flower viewing theme. And the venue... Oh, it's the mall I always go to.
Ena: Based off the photos, it looks really nice. I bet I can find something good to draw there!
Ena: Alright, I'll set some time aside to go check it out.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, An Shiraishi, Ena Shinonome)

[Shopping Mall]

Ena: I'm glad I went to the goldfish exhibit.
Ena: It was really hard trying to depict the water, but it made for great practice.
Ena: When I get home, I'll rework the composition and perspective since they didn't turn out so well.
Ena: I'll also fix the shadows...
Ena: Oh, but...
Ena: If I want to convey the friendship of those goldfish, and how heartwarming it felt to watch them...
Ena: Hmm... It's probably better not to be too realistic with the reflections and lighting.
Ena: If I draw everything exactly as it was, the contrast between the light and dark spots will be too harsh.
Ena: Alright, I can try some different styles out as well once I get back.
Ena: (It sucks not walking home with a piece I'm satisfied with, but I'm edging forward, little by little. I just gotta do what I can.)
Ena: (I have to remember what Mr. Yukihira said when I showed him my sketch.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Yukihira: A crucial part of refining your technique is how you visually convey to the viewer that which, usually, can only be understood by direct contact.
(White cut)
Yukihira: The question of “how” one creates art begins with “what” one wishes to express with it.
Yukihira: When the artist knows what they want to express, and then accomplishes this with rich use of composition and techniques that are appropriate or perhaps even innovative...
Yukihira: That is what I believe to be good art.
(White cut)
Yukihira: If you reattempt this exercise, I look forward to seeing your own original work. Not a reproduction.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ena: Looking back, he was totally right.
Ena: No matter how good I get at depicting water, it doesn't mean anything if there's nothing I want to express with my piece.
Ena: In that sense, I didn't do too badly today.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shiho: The water looks so real. You can tell how slowly and gently they're swimming.
Shiho: Also, you even captured that bit of warmth they have.
(White cut)
Shiho: It was nice to see, and I felt the same thing when I saw this picture.
An: Yeah, I know what you mean! It's like you can feel so much kindness from these two, as if they're happy to be together.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ena: (Of course, those two had already seen the actual goldfish, but...)
Ena: They understood...
Ena: (It really does feel nice when someone understands what you've tried to express.)
Ena: (If my illustrations for N25's songs can better convey what I have in mind, then...)
Ena: (Then maybe Kanade's music can reach more people.)
Ena: In that case, I need to work even harder.
Ena: Huh? Hang on...
Ena: Urgh, I already walked past the store I was gonna visit!
Ena: Oh, whatever...
Ena: Since I'm feeling this motivated, I'll just head straight home and keep practicing art.
Ena: (I'll start by reattempting the composition and perspective. Then I can move on to rethinking the shading...)
Ena: I sure have a lot to work on.
Ena: (But if I can keep expanding my repertoire bit by bit...)
Ena: If I want to get better, creating more art is all can do.
Ena: Alright! I need to get home and keep going!
(Black cut)
