635_Ena Shinonome_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: I really took so many good photos...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Airi Momoi, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Emu Otori, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Ena's birthday]

[Outside Shibuya Station]

Airi: It's Ena's birthday today! And that means...
Mizuki: It's time for the Photogenic Birthday Girl Tour!
Airi: As the name implies, we'll be escorting our birthday girl to a number of picturesque spots so she can take the perfect selfies!
Ena: Th-Thanks... Although you make me sound like some sort of selfie snob...
Mizuki: But aren't you?
Ena: No, I am not!
Mizuki: Hey, are you hearing this, Airi? Sounds like someone does not approve of our special tour.
Airi: You're right... That's too bad. If she's not interested, we might as well call it quits...
Ena: Hey, that's not what I said! It's not like I'm not interested...
Ena: (Urgh. So this is why Mizuki was in such high spirits yesterday.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mizuki: Hey everyone, tomorrow's Ena's birthday♪ That means tonight's the night we party it up!
Miku (N25): A birthday celebration? Sounds fun... I'll let Luka and the others know.
Kanade: Will you be able to make it, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Only for a bit...
Mizuki: Alright, let's celebrate with Miku and the others in SEKAI!
Rin: Are you also planning to do something over there?
Mizuki: Yup. Surprisingly, Ena actually has a ton of friends. We're getting together to put on a little celebration for her♪
Mizuki: So, make sure you're at the station tomorrow morning, Ena. Can't have the birthday girl being late, okay?
Ena: *Sigh* I know already.
Kanade: Have fun, Ena.
Ena: I will. Thanks!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ena: Um, speaking of which, you mentioned something about getting together with others, but is it just us three?
Ena: If so, you could've also invited Shizuku...or was she busy?
Mizuki: Oh... It's funny you should mention her.
Ena: Huh? What are you smiling for?
Airi: Hehe, you'll find out later. Anyway, it's time to visit our first photo spot!
Mizuki: Yup! Alright Ena, let's go♪
Ena: Hey, wait!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Vivid Street]

Airi: This is our first stop: Vivid Street!
Ena: Oh, this is where Akito works.
Ena: Wait, isn't this a popular street for selfies? I've seen this area pop up a lot in magazines.
Mizuki: Yeah! I had a hunch you'd be familiar with it.
Mizuki: And now it's time for photos! Let's take one by that graffiti over there!
Airi: How about a full-body picture like the ones in magazines?
Ena: You'll take one? Then, yes please.
Mizuki: Oooh, Airi, you're great at this! Hey Ena, she's really captured your good side!
Ena: Oh, lemme see!
???: We should rearrange the set list for the event. How about we throw in that track Toya made?
???: Good idea! More people definitely need to hear it!
Ena: Huh? That voice...
Akito: Urgh.
Mizuki: Hey, it's Li'l Bro and the others! Yo!
Kohane: Hello, Akiyama, Airi!
Airi: Hey there! Akito, Toya, it's been a while, hasn't it?
Akito: Ena told me you planned something for her. Thanks for making the time for this one despite your busy schedules.
Ena: What did you just call me? Now that's just rude!
Toya: She's right, Akito. Happy birthday, Ena.
Kohane & An: Happy birthday!
Ena: Thank you! I'm glad Akito actually managed to make some decent friends.
Akito: Huh?
Mizuki: Break it off. As much as I'd love to watch you guys taking shots at each other, we have another photo spot to be getting to.
Airi: That's right. This isn't the only place we'll be visiting on the tour...
Toya: Please excuse us for interrupting.
An: You guys go have fun together!
Ena: Thanks! Bye then!
Mizuki: That said, we are gonna be splitting up now♪
Ena: Huh? But why?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Emu: Ena, Ichika, Honami!!! Welcome to Phoenix Wonderland♪
Emu: Today, I'll be showing you the prettiest, most wonderhoy spots the park has to offer!
Honami: I'm sure we'll have a great time, Ena!
Ena: Yeah! Lead the way!
Ena: (Although Airi mentioned something about there being more to the tour than just that street, I didn't expect PXL to be part of it.)
Ena: (Still, judging by the looks they had on their faces, they've still got something else up their sleeves.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mizuki: Okay then, we'll see you later♪
Airi: So to recap, all you have to do is head to PXL. Your next guides will meet you there!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ena: (They did say that they'd see me later. Does that mean they'll come meet up with us after this?)
Emu: Ena! It's time to head to our first photo spot☆
Ena: Oh, okay!
(Black cut)
Emu: First up is...the adorable cat ear spot♪
Ena: Huh? Cat ear spot?
Honami: Yes. If you line yourself up between that restaurant and shop so the rooftops are above your head, then...
Ena: Wow, you're right. The rooftops look like cat ears! How adorable!
Ichika: It might be tricky to get the angle and position just right, but let's all try.
(Black cut)
Emu: Ta-daa☆ Here's the next photo spot, which you can only enjoy this season—the hidden Phenny in the flowerbed♪
Ena: Wow, the flowers are growing in the shape of Phenny! It's so pretty!
(Black cut)
Ichika: Next up is this Phenny roller coaster.
Honami: If you jump when the roller coaster passes by, we should be able to get a fun picture of you in the air next to it.
Emu: Oh! Here it comes now! Aaand jump!
Ena: Did you get it?
Ichika: Yes, it looks great!
Emu: Yay! Now let's all take one together! Poochie, could you please take our picture for us?☆
Ena: Oh, it's Poochie! Wait, where'd he come from?
Honami: Oh, Ena! The next car is almost here!
Ena: Whoa, hold on!
(Black cut)
Ena: Ahhh...now that was a lot of pictures.
Ena: It hasn't been long since I was last here, but I had no idea there were this many good photo spots.
Emu: Hehehe, I'm glad you had fun♪
Ichika: Oh, it's almost time.
Honami: Ena, we'll take you to the final spot of the tour now.
Ena: The final spot?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Emu Otori, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Cafe]

Ena: Oh, I know this place...
Ena: (This is the cafe where Minori works. But they said this is the last spot of the tour...)
Honami: Come on in, Ena.
Ena: Oh, thanks.
Airi: There she is. Over here!
Minori: Welcome, Ena!
Ena: Minori, Shizuku, you're here too!
Shizuku: Yes. And everything is ready for the party.
Ena: Whoa, this cake looks impressive! I love the pastel colors, and it's even garnished with macarons!
Minori: We bought it to celebrate your special day! This type only just came out this month.
Shizuku: Hehe. We got it for you because it was so pretty and we were sure you would love it.
Ena: Thanks! It looks great, and I bet it'd get a lot of likes too.
Mizuki: Right? Take as many pics as you like!
Ena: Alright, I won't be holding back then.
Ena: (Now, how should I arrange this shot...? Maybe a close-up for extra impact, or maybe...)
Shizuku: Is the cake okay here? Maybe it would look better without the plates in the background.
Minori: Yeah! Let's move them to that empty table over there!
Emu: Okie dokie, I'll help too♪
Honami: Oh, if we stand here, we'll be in the picture.
Ena: ...
Ena: Wait, Honami, Ichika. Can everyone hear me out for a second?
Ichika: What is it?
Ena: Let's take a photo together to mark the occasion.
Ena: So, let's have Emu, Airi and Minori in the front.
Ena: Then Mizuki and Ichika behind them, and Shizuku and Honami in the third row.
Minori: What about you, Ena?
Airi: Of course she'd be in the center! Oh, if only I brought along a “Today's Star” sash...
Ena: Huh? I'm good without it, thanks.
Ichika: Hahaha...
Emu: Hey guys! Wanna do something with these party poppers?
Ena: Oh, that sounds great! Let's all pop them at the same time.
Honami: Hehe, let's do it!
Airi: Everyone's got one, right?
Ena: I've set it to selfie mode and started the timer. We've got 10 seconds!
Airi: Okay, here we go! Ena...!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Airi: How'd the photo turn out, Ena?
Ena: It's perfect! You're all smiling. I'll send it to you guys later!
Shizuku: Please do! Thanks, Ena.
Ena: No, I should be the one thanking you guys. The photo spot tour was so much fun.
Ena: Rather than just taking selfies, we switched up the perspective, got creative with our surroundings, and even took pictures of each other at the same time.
Ena: You guys all being here is what made today so amazing. And so...
Ena: I'm incredibly grateful to you all!
Mizuki: Oh, what's this? Ena, you're looking a bit teary-eyed.
Ena: Am not...
Ena: Since we've taken enough pictures of the cake, I think it's high time we dig in!
Minori & Emu: Woohoo!
Ena: (I took lots of good photos today... And the last one might just be my favorite.)
Ena: (Thank you, everyone!)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000188/bg_s000188.png)
Ichika: Happy birthday, Ena. In all honesty, I'm not used to having my picture taken, but that didn't stop me from having as much fun as I did today.
Honami: Hehe. We managed to take lots of photos ourselves using your handy tips. Now we've got some good memories to hold onto forever.
Emu: That's right, Ena♪ Y'know, there were so many other wonderhoy photo spots I wanted to show you at the park! So I hope you'll come visit again☆
Shiho: Ichika and Honami mentioned that it's your birthday. I was really inspired by what you said at the goldfish exhibit. You have your art, and I have the bass... We're working on different things, but let's both give it our all.
An: Happy birthday, Ena. To think that we'd bump into each other like that! How was the photo tour?
Akito: Since that's all she talked about at dinner that night, I'm guessing she had a blast.
Toya: I'm glad to hear that. It was thanks to that tour that we were able to wish you a happy birthday in person, Ena.
Kohane: Yeah! I'd like for us to show you around Vivid Street next time.
Akito: Huh? Now that's where I draw the line.
Minori: Happy birthday, Ena! I'm so glad we got to celebrate your birthday with a cake from our cafe. The manager is really proud of that one!
Airi: Hehe, and Mizuki and I were really proud of our tour idea. I couldn't be happier that you enjoyed it so much!
Shizuku: Hehe. Ena looked like she was having so much fun at the cafe, and I noticed you both watching her and smiling too! You all looked so happy!
Airi: H-Hey, don't say stuff like that, it's embarrassing! Ahem. Once again, happy birthday, Ena. We're gonna be friends forever!
Kanade: Happy birthday, Ena. I heard about the photo tour from Hoshino and Hanasato. It sounds like you had a lot of fun. Thanks for all the wonderful illustrations. Looking forward to another year with you.
Mafuyu: Happy birthday. Spending time with you makes me feel a bit more at ease... I think. Anyway, I'll see you later on Nightcord.
Mizuki: Wasn't the photo tour just the best?! Seeing you have so much fun told me that was a job well done on my part. Happy birthday, Ena!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ena: The photo tour sure was a lot of fun. I'm surprised that everyone managed to plan all this while juggling their busy schedules...
Ena: Everyone did so much to celebrate for me, so starting tomorrow—no, today—I'll be raising the bar.
Ena: Oh! Maybe I should capture the events of today in a sketch. The practice will do me some good.
Ena: Okay, I've got this!
Ena: Thank you so much for today, everyone. I'll see you again soon.
(White cut)
