806_Ena Shinonome_R4 Featuring KUROMI

Gacha phrase: Hey! When did you take this?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Scramble Crossing]

Ena: *Yawn* Morning.
Kanade: Good morning, Ena.
Mizuki: Ena, you actually woke up on time? Oh, I get it! You had your Li'l Bro wake you, right?
Ena: I woke up on my own thank you very much!
Ena: Besides, I've got everyone's tickets, so I had to be on time.
Mafuyu: You said you got the tickets for the satellite Puroland from Momoi?
Ena: Yeah. She said, “They gave me these 'cos I'll be appearing in an event. You want 'em?”
Mizuki: But it's still amazing though. I heard they were standing in for someone, but sharing the stage with My Melody is a whole other level!
Ena: Hehe, well for idols as talented as Airi and the others it's only natural. They're performing today too, so we definitely need to go watch.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Satellite Puroland]

Mafuyu: It's bigger than I thought.
Kanade: Yeah. Apparently there's a number of attractions from the actual Sanrio Puroland we can experience here.
Ena: Some of the fine details of the interior look a bit different, but the atmosphere and the attractions seem fairly close to the original.
Mizuki: Wow... Ooh! There's a boat attraction! Let's ride that one!
Ena: Hang on a sec! Are we gonna get soaked on that thing?
Mafuyu: The sign doesn't mention anything about that.
Mizuki: So it's fine then! Come on, let's line up♪
Puroland Staff Member: Welcome to the Sanrio Character Boat Ride! The wait time is currently 30 minutes.
Puroland Staff Member: If you would like, please feel free to enjoy our app while you wait.
Ena: “Satellite Park Exclusive Free Coloring App”?
Ena: “Help Hello Kitty, My Melody and their Puroland friends look cute by coloring in these pictures!”
Mizuki: That looks fun! Let's do it!
Ena: Well, we do have 30 minutes we need to kill anyway. Okay, so I just scan this code, right?
Kanade: I think I'll try it out as well. What about you, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: I will too.
Ena: Hmmm, now who should I color? They're all so cute.
Mizuki: How 'bout Kuromi? You both kind of have the same vibe.
Mizuki: Look, if you tap on the top right of the page you have open, you can see that character's profile.
Ena: Really? Okay, where is... Oh! Here's Kuromi.
Ena: “Kuromi is the self-proclaimed rival of My Melody. Although she may look tough, she is actually very girly and is attracted to good-looking guys!”
Ena: Hey, hang on. What makes you think she and I are alike?
Mizuki: Huh? Just a feeling?
Mizuki: I mean, if I had to pinpoint it... You're a little prickly on the outside, but you're actually really considerate and care a lot about your friends. Or something like that?
Ena: Who do you think you're calling prickly?
Mizuki: Uh-oh, did I strike a nerve?
Mizuki: Oww! Kanade, Mafuyu, you saw that, right?! She hit me!
Kanade: Hehe...
(Black cut)
Mizuki: Hmhmhm♪ Lalala♪
Ena: The eyelashes seem pretty integral to the design of her eyes. And then I want the mouth to look confident...
Ena: Ugh, I wish I could use layers! And I wish the pen were finer...
Kanade: Ah! I used the fill tool by mistake. Uh, how do I make it go back?
Mafuyu: The Undo button in the lower left corner.
Kanade: Oh, my finger was covering it. Thanks, Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: Done.
Mizuki: Ooh that was fast! Lemme see lemme see!
Ena: That one's... Cogimyun? You only colored her hair accessories.
Mafuyu: That's because the rest of her is white.
Ena: Well, sure, but... What about the background, or adding some items or other accessories? There's so much space for you to draw things in.
Kanade: Oh, I thought there seemed like a lot of white space. That must be what they want you to use it for.
Kanade: I just colored inside the lines...
Ena: Oh, the one you're coloring is so cute, Kanade! Is that a blanket on its head?
Kanade: I think so. His name is... Moppu.
Ena: I see! The soft colors you used on the polka-dot blanket look great.
Kanade: You think so? Maybe because I tried to pick colors similar to the original.
Mizuki: Hey, check mine out♪
Mizuki: Ta-daaa! Say hello to Bonbonribbon♪
Mafuyu: That's a lot of ribbons.
Mizuki: That's what makes it cute! Here, look! I added lace to the ribbon on her head♪
Ena: Huh?! That wasn't part of it originally? Wait, did you use some effect to draw that?
Mizuki: Bingo♪ It's part of the app, so I tried it out. Makes it look extra fancy and cute, don't you think?
Ena: Yeah. Nice job.
Kanade: How is yours coming, Ena? You were coloring Kuromi, right?
Ena: I'm mostly finished, but... I figure I might as well draw in a little something extra.
Ena: Here. This is what I've got so far.
Kanade: Amazing... There are shadows and shading.
Mizuki: Whoa! That is way beyond coloring book level. Can't believe you made that on an app with such simple features.
Mafuyu: That reminds me. She was also complaining about the lack of a layering feature and the thickness of the pen in the middle of it.
Ena: You didn't have to put it like that. All I said was it'd be nice if they had it.
Kanade: I think it looks great, but you're still going to work on it?
Ena: Yeah. We still have to wait in line for a bit longer anyway.
Ena: Maybe I'll draw a background, and make it into a little scene. Oh, I should give her some clothes too!
Mizuki: Ooh, clothes would be great! I can help with the design if you want♪
Ena: Really? Great, let's do it!
Mizuki: Okie dokie! Ooh! So how about something that fits with Kuromi's motif? Like her favorite food or something!
Ena: Hm? I think her favorite food was... Pickled scallions?
Kanade: Really? That seems a bit plain for her.
Mizuki: I think it's great. I love that she's unapologetically herself.
Ena: It's good that she likes what she likes, but as far as motifs go, I mean it's gotta be the skull, right?
Mizuki: Come on, everyone does that! Pickled scallions are more challenging♪
Ena: Challenging, or absurd?
Ena: Well, maybe not as the main motif...
Ena: But I think adding some here and there as accents could work, probably...?
Mafuyu: Interesting.
Mizuki: Yeah! Let's go with that♪
Mizuki: Just you wait, Kuromi! Ena's gonna make you some super cute clothes!
Ena: Quit playing around... Come on, gimme some real ideas to work with.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Ena's Room]

Ena: <Okay, I'm logging off now!>
(Background change)
Mizuki: <You're gonna work on that picture, right? Let me see it when you're done!>
Ena: <Okay, okay. See you later.>
(Background change)
Ena: Okay! First let me transfer the image from my phone, and then...
Ena: Oh! Now that I can use layers, maybe I'll redo the coloring.
Ena: The lines for the clothes are also a bit messy. I'll clean up the spots that are crooked and overlapping while I'm at it.
Ena: (I never get to draw just for fun like this. I feel so at ease.)
Ena: (But even if I finish, I guess Mizuki and the others are the only ones who'll see it.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty SEKAI]

Ena: Ngh... Huh?
Ena: I finished my drawing and uploaded it to Nightcord... And then...?
Ena: Maybe I accidentally pressed something on my phone as I was dozing off. I should head back—
Ena: *Gasp* That light, it's just like befor—
Ena: Ah! What the—?!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Ena: You guys?!
Mizuki: Whoa, what the heck was that? Wait... Ena?!
Mizuki: Where the heck is this?! All of this is way too bizarre for me to handle!
Kanade: Um, my phone flashed and I suddenly found myself here...
Mafuyu: Everyone, be quiet. Something is coming toward us.
Mizuki: L-Let's hide behind that thing over there!
Ena: H-Hang on a sec, Mafuyu. What's coming toward us? Where is it?
Mafuyu: I couldn't see it very well... But it's over there.
Kanade: *Gasp* It's floating!
Ena: What the—?! What is that thing?!
Mizuki: Shhh! Don't be so loud!
???: Hm? Somebody there?
Ena: Eep! L-Leave us alone!
KUROMI: Waaah!
Mizuki: Was that...?
Mizuki: Hey, you! Aren't you... Kuromi?
Ena & Kanade: Huh?
KUROMI: Aw what, you're just humans? Your shouting scared the heck out of me!
Ena: Are you really... Kuromi?
(Black cut)
Kanade: So, this place we've all fallen into is a SEKAI formed from a fragment of a feeling?
KUROMI: Looks that way. That's what I heard from someone else though, so I'm not totally sure.
Ena: Right. Well, we've got a general grasp on the situation now. Thanks, Ms. Kuromi.
KUROMI: Just Kuromi's fine! We don't gotta be so formal.
Ena: Really? Then, great to meet you, Kuromi.
KUROMI: Great to meetcha, Ena!
Mizuki: Oh yeah! Ena, you should show her your drawing!
Ena: What? You want me to show it to the real deal?
KUROMI: Hm? Whatcha talkin' about?
Kanade: We went to Puroland today, and Ena colored in a picture of you.
KUROMI: Oh really? I trust you captured my beauty on the page?
Ena: Well, I never skimp when it comes to art. Here.
KUROMI: Let's see... What the—?! What is this?!
KUROMI: I'm in a fashion show modeling a super cool Lolita dress?!
Kanade: Wow... So this is how it turned out.
Mafuyu: Even though the original picture was just Kuromi herself.
KUROMI: Huh?! So these clothes and this background were...?!
Mizuki: All drawn by Ena. I just helped give ideas for the clothing design, and she put it all together.
Ena: The original picture showed you looking confident, so I thought up some different scenarios to fit with it till I landed on this one.
KUROMI: Luh—
Ena: Luh?
KUROMI: Luuuuv it!
KUROMI: Ena, Mizuki! You guys are amazing!
Ena: Well I have some experience drawing, and I am studying art.
Ena: But everyone else is just as impressive.
Ena: The four of us make original songs together and post them online. Kanade composes, Mafuyu makes the mix and lyrics and Mizuki does the video editing.
KUROMI: Songs?! You guys make music?! By yourselves?!
Kanade: Yes. Our group is called Nightcord at 25:00.
KUROMI: Whoa! You guys are just too cool!
KUROMI: I like you guys! Feel free to hang out here as long as you want!
Mafuyu: Kuromi, did you not just arrive here, same as us?
KUROMI: Who cares about the details?
KUROMI: More importantly, you guys seem like you've got a lot of interesting stories.
KUROMI: And just when I was starting to get bored! So come on, tell me more about yourselves!
Ena: Well, do you wanna see the pictures we took at Puroland?
KUROMI: Puroland? That's kinda same old same old to me. Got any others?
KUROMI: Like maybe... Ooh! Pictures of hot guys!
Ena: Hot guys?
Mafuyu: She likes good-looking guys. It said that in her profile.
Kanade: Oh, that's right, it did.
Mizuki: Hmmm, good-looking guy pics... Aha! How about these guys?
Ena: Wha— Mizuki! That's Akito and Toya!
KUROMI: Waaah! These guys are super hot!
Mizuki: The one on the right is Ena's Li'l Bro.
KUROMI: For real?!
KUROMI: You get to have a brother this good-looking?! No fair!
Ena: What? He's way too arrogant. You can have him.
KUROMI: You don't know how good you have it! Now, who's this other guy? C'mon tell me!
Ena: Okay, okay. This one's named Toya. He's Akito's singing partner.
Mizuki: And my classmate♪
KUROMI: Y-You get to go to class with a guy this cute?! So, you see him at school every day?!
Mizuki: Well, uh... I would, if I actually went...
KUROMI: Wha—?! Are you all surrounded by dreamy guys you don't appreciate?!
KUROMI: Don't tell me... You too?!
Kanade: Huh? Uhhh...
Ena: Come on now, don't hassle them. You wanna hear about Akito and Toya, don't you?
KUROMI: Ah! That's right! Come on then, gimme the details!
Ena: Oh, all right...
Kanade: Hehe. Times like this, Ena's big sister side really shows.
Mizuki: Right?!
(Black cut)
