863_Ena Shinonome_R4 Luxury Makeup Session (event_120)

Gacha phrase: Make me as cute as possible, okay?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome)

[Diner]

Airi: Thank goodness they had a big table available.
Ena: *Sigh* Yeah, we can finally sit down...
Shizuku: You have every reason to be tired since we were on our feet for most of the time while we took pictures.
Haruka: You must be tired too, Kohane, Aoyagi. Thanks for all your hard work.
Kohane: Actually, I'm feeling okay.
Toya: Thank you as well, Kiritani.
Airi: Anyway, they won't be announcing the results for a little bit, so let's order some food and drinks while we can.
Ena: I might get a dessert. I'm really craving sugar right now.
Airi: You're getting dessert instead of real food? Don't come crying to me if you end up gaining weight.
Ena: No, don't say stuff like that!
Shizuku & Kohane: Hehe.
(Black cut)
Ena: Mmm! There's really nothing better than having something sweet after a hard day's work!
Kohane: Mmm...! The chocolate parfait you recommended is so yummy, Ena!
Ena: Isn't it? Pretty good for a diner, right?
Ena: What you got is really popular because it's only available around Valentine's Day.
Airi: Speaking of chocolate, Kohane, you guys entered that photo contest to win those chocolates by Couleur Chocolat, right?
Kohane: Yeah, I wanted to get them for An no matter what.
Shizuku: Their chocolates are supposed to be very good. I've seen them on TV several times.
Haruka: Plus, the ones included in the prize are a collaboration exclusive. I'm guessing a lot of other people also want them.
Kohane: Yeah, they ran out seconds after they started taking orders.
Ena: But you also get a bunch of makeup in addition to those chocolates if you place in the top ten.
Airi: What are you going to do with your chocolates, Toya?
Toya: I'm thinking about sharing them with Akito and everyone else who's been helping us.
Ena: Really? Does that mean I don't have to give Akito any if I make it into the top ten too?
Airi: Wait, you're gonna hog them for yourself?
Ena: Yeah, because they're probably not gonna make more of them.
Ena: Besides, I had my eyes set on that makeup, so I might give those chocolates to our mom.
Toya: I hope we both end up in the top ten.
Ena: Me too.
Kohane: I know they're not announcing the results for a bit, but I'm already getting a little anxious...
Kohane: I hope we get into the top ten...
Haruka: We all did everything we could, so what's left for us to do now is believe.
Airi: Haruka's right.
Shizuku: I also agree. I'm sure we'll hear some good news considering how wonderful all our pictures were.
Kohane: Right! Thank you for the reassurance...!
Ena: Oh, that reminds me... There's something I've been meaning to ask you, Azusawa.
Kohane: Ask me?
Ena: Yeah. Where did you learn to take pictures like that?
Kohane: Oh, from my dad, and some books on photography that I bought for myself.
Ena: I had no idea. That explains why you're so good at framing things.
Kohane: Really? Thank you.
Kohane: Actually, Ena, can I ask you a question about how you take selfies...?
Ena: Yeah, sure. Ask away.
Kohane: Thank you very much!
Kohane: The truth is, I'm really bad at taking selfies...
Ena: Wait, really?
Haruka: That's how we ended up asking Aoyagi to model for us.
Shizuku: Yes, that's understandable... It's so hard to take selfies.
Airi: No, that's hard for you because you still haven't really figured out how to use your phone.
Ena: Haha...
Ena: Why don't I take this opportunity to show you what I can? I know some neat tricks for taking pics with friends and stuff.
Kohane: You'd do that?! Thank you so much!
Ena: Okay! Let's start with the basics!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome)

[Ena's Room]

Ena: Let's see... Photography... Composition...
Ena: Oh, this site looks helpful.
Ena: The rule of thirds... Frame within a frame...
Ena: Again, it's so interesting how you can apply the same composition techniques for both art and photography...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kohane: I learned from one of the photography books I bought that taking photos and drawing pictures involve similar techniques.
Toya: Really?
Kohane: Yeah, it even said that it's good to study the works of famous artists.
Ena: I was also surprised when I learned that for the first time. I mean, they even share a lot of the same names.
Ena: Actually, it's pretty common for artists to take their own photos and use them to practice, study and improve their composition.
Kohane: I didn't know that!
Kohane: Oh, is that why you take so many selfies? Do they help improve the composition of your drawings?
Ena: Oh, about those...
Airi: They're just for fun. Ena here craves attention.
Ena: What? Yeah, they're for fun, but I do not crave attention!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ena: Still, photos, huh...
Ena: I've taken some of the buildings or scenery I want to use later as references.
Ena: But I've never really thought about using photos to study composition.
Ena: You know what, maybe I'll try it out.
Ena: Especially if it'll help improve my art.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Nonogi Park]

Ena: Alright, I have the path in the distance at the center, and the trees towards the front in frame...
Ena: Yeah, not bad... This gives it a lot of depth.
Ena: But this shadow seems a bit out of place. Where it is now, it's gonna be the first thing people see.
Ena: I should've come in the morning... This shadow was probably in the perfect spot.
Ena: But this still helps a lot, so I'll keep it.
Ena: Oh, I forgot... The pictures I took with my phone of the light poking through those trees turned out really well.
Ena: (Which reminds me of that assignment Mr. Yukihira gave me. The one about “light”.)
Ena: (He told me that I needed to work on my composition more if I wanted to do my subject justice.)
Ena: (And how the way the light peered through looked odd.)
Ena: *Sigh* I wanna redraw it, but I still haven't figured out what's wrong with my composition.
Ena: To be fair, I sorta just winged the lighting for some parts...
Ena: Having a picture of something similar would be really helpful. Then, I'd be able to compare it side by side with my piece.
Ena: Wait, this was only meant to be a quick test, but it's actually helping a lot...
Ena: Alright! Let's try to find some similar trees.
Ena: Oh, there was also a pond somewhere around here. I'll snap a few photos of that while I'm here too.
Ena: I came all this way, so I should take as many as I can to get some good references for composition!
(Black cut)
