946_Ena Shinonome_R3 Evident Emotion & Effort (event_134)

Gacha phrase: You're not usually so forthcoming, Rin.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ena Shinonome, Kagamine Rin)

[Ena's Room]

Ena: *Sigh*
Ena: I got an earful again today... But I should jot down what Mr. Yukihira said while it's all still fresh in my head.
Ena: He didn't say much about my composition today, but he did point out a lot about my lack of accuracy.
Ena: So I guess I can feel happy about the overall composition of my drawing.
Ena: Oh, what's this...? It's from Kanade.
Ena: She's done working on that demo she told us about the other day? I'm guessing this means we're all gonna head over to SEKAI to listen to it...
Ena: Let's see... We're meeting at... <Mizuki has work, so I'd like for us to meet in three hours or so.>
Ena: Hmm... There isn't much N25 stuff for me to work on at the moment, so I guess I could draw something for practice to review what we did today.
Ena: Alright!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty SEKAI]

[Lake]

Ena: In terms of composition... Yeah, this looks like a good spot.
Ena: There's time until we have to meet, so I'll just try to draw what I can.
Ena: Come to think of it, this lake never has any waves. Is it because there's no wind?
Ena: I bet it'd look really pretty if there were reflections of the sky or some mountains on the surface.
Ena: To be fair, that'd be really hard to draw. But so is this since it isn't like a real lake.
Ena: Oh, but I can't just go for something superficial...
Ena: I have to capture this place's atmosphere. I need to show what it feels like here...
Rin (N25): (I could've sworn that someone came over to SEKAI just now... Was I imagining things...?)
Rin (N25): (It's not like I have anything else to do, so I guess I'll draw something...)
Rin (N25): Oh...
Rin (N25): ...
(Black cut)
Ena: Phew...
Ena: This is coming along pretty nicely. All that's left is...
Ena: Whoa...!
Ena: Oh, Rin, it's you... You suddenly sneaking up next to me like that made me jump.
Rin (N25): I didn't just suddenly appear... I was drawing over there until now.
Ena: Wait, you were just over there...? Why didn't you say something?
Rin (N25): Because you seemed really focused.
Rin (N25): More importantly, I wanna see what you were drawing.
Ena: Okay, but it's still a work in progress. Here, take a look.
Rin (N25): ...
Ena: Those steel beam things are so hard to draw. Not only is getting the texture right a pain, but so is the depth.
Rin (N25): Wow...
Ena: Huh?
Rin (N25): I don't really know much about drawing, nor do I know what's hard to draw... But...
Rin (N25): This lake feels so gentle... I kinda like it...
Rin (N25): Is something wrong?
Ena: I feel like I should be asking you that... You're being really honest today for some reason.
Rin (N25): Are you saying that I'm usually grouchier?
Ena: I didn't say that... I was thrown a little off guard is all...
Rin (N25): ...
Rin (N25): It's this drawing...
Rin (N25): I think it made me want to speak more openly...
Ena: What...?
Rin (N25): For example, this line... It looks like you drew and redrew it because you weren't happy with how it looked.
Rin (N25): While this curved line looked like it was gently and carefully drawn...
Rin (N25): It's clear that you put a lot of effort into this, Ena.
Rin (N25): I think that's why it made me want to say something positive...
Ena: If it made you feel that way, Rin, then I guess it really does have that effect...
Ena: So, thanks.
Rin (N25): You're welcome.
Ena: Anyway, what's the time? I'm supposed to meet Kanade and the others here.
Rin (N25): You are?
Ena: Remember that demo we all listened to the other day? No, wait... You and Miku haven't heard it yet. You two were with Mafuyu that time, right?
Rin (N25): We didn't that time, but Kanade let us listen to it a little while after...
Rin (N25): I wanna hear what's changed, so I'll come with you.
Ena: Sure, why not? I'm sure Kanade will want to hear as many different opinions as she can.
Ena: And it's just about time, so let's go look for them.
Rin (N25): Okay...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

[Main Street]

Ena: (I'm glad I decided to leave a little early. I wouldn't have found these cute clothes if I hadn't.)
Ena: Alright, I should start making my way over to school and... Oh...
Ena: That looks like...
Elderly Lady: I'm so sorry... But thank you very much for helping me look for it.
Mafuyu: No, that's okay. I don't have any plans after this, so...
Ena: What's wrong, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Oh, Ena...
Mafuyu: This lady lost the lucky charm that her grandchildren gave her. I was just helping her look for it.
Ena: Really...?
Ena: Can you tell me what your charm looks like, ma'am?
Elderly Lady: It's white with an embroidered design, and it's supposed to bring good health. I had it attached to my wallet, but it looks like the string snapped.
Ena: Your wallet...?
Elderly Lady: I was browsing around that shop just over there. Then, when I moved to a different shop, I noticed that it was gone when I went up to the register.
Elderly Lady: Which is why I thought that I'd dropped it somewhere around this shop...
Mafuyu: What if someone picked it up and took it over to the police station...?
Elderly Lady: I suppose that's a possibility. I think I'll go over and ask.
Ena: Oh, before you do... Have you looked inside your bag for it?
Elderly Lady: What?
Ena: A long time ago, I also lost a charm that was attached to my wallet...
Ena: I remember looking all over for it as well. Then, I decided to take a stab in the dark by searching my bag. And it was there.
Ena: I think it got stuck underneath some of my textbooks. My guess was that the string broke after I yanked my wallet out of my bag.
Elderly Lady: I see. Now that you mention it, I haven't actually looked inside my bag yet.
Mafuyu: Then, I'll hold it while you look.
Elderly Lady: Oh... Wow...! Here it is!
Elderly Lady: It was in my bag this whole time...! Now I feel terrible about making you two look for it.
Mafuyu: No, we're just glad that you were able to find it since it means so much to you.
Mafuyu: Thank you, Ena. We wouldn't have been able to find it without you.
Ena: Huh? Uhh... Y-You're welcome.
(Black cut)
Elderly Lady: Thank you so much. Now, if you'll excuse me.
Ena: Okay, please stay safe.
Ena: Phew... Thank goodness we were able to find it.
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: I didn't know that you used to carry a charm around.
Ena: My mom gave it to me a long time ago.
Ena: I mean, we all have our prayers and wishes. Like wanting to get into a particular school.
Ena: But that didn't go as planned...
Mafuyu: Should I have not said anything?
Ena: No. Again, it's all ancient history now.
Ena: More importantly, Mafuyu, did you not bring an umbrella?
Mafuyu: Huh? An umbrella?
Ena: There's a seventy percent chance for rain this evening. Just look at those clouds over there. They look pitch black.
Ena: Here, I'll lend you my fold-up umbrella.
Mafuyu: It's okay since it hasn't started raining yet.
Ena: No, it's not.
Ena: You were under the weather just the other day. Also, if you caught a cold or something, Kanade's gonna be worried sick.
Mafuyu: But what will you do, Ena...?
Ena: I'll use the umbrella I keep at school.
Mafuyu: Okay...
Mafuyu: Then, if you don't mind.
Ena: Nope. Take it.
Ena: Anyway, I gotta go to school. See you on Nightcord later!
Mafuyu: Okay... Stay safe.
Ena: You too.
(Black cut)
