1161_Ena Shinonome_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Gacha phrase: I'm glad I could see this with you all.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Empty SEKAI]

Ena: Let's see, Miku and the others...
Ena: Ah, there they are. Hey, everyone. Can we have a minute?
Miku (N25): What is it?
Kanade: We just finished our latest music video, and we were hoping to show it to you.
Mizuki: It's fresh out of the oven, baked just this morning.
Rin (N25): Is this the one you were working on, Ena?
Ena: That's right. I finally got it looking how I want it to.
Mizuki: I stayed up all night putting the finishing touches on too, so make sure you look closely!
Luka (N25): I can't wait to see it. Let's get watching.
Ena: Okay, here goes.
(Black cut)
Ena: Well? What did you think?
Miku (N25): It was pretty.
Len (N25): It really fit Kanade's song...
Rin (N25): Your art was good too, Ena.
Ena: Thanks. It took ages, but I think it turned out really well.
Ena: Though, I spent so many days cooped up indoors that I didn't really get to enjoy much springtime.
Mafuyu: Here she goes again.
Mizuki: You've been saying that practically the whole time we've been working on this one.
Ena: I mean, yeah. It feels like all the spring events and limited-time sweets and stuff ended before I even realized they were on.
Luka (N25): Well, I can think of at least one event this season you haven't missed.
Ena: Huh?
Luka (N25): Your birthday is coming up, isn't it?
Ena: Oh... Yeah, I guess so.
Miku (N25): We want to celebrate your birthday.
Len (N25): Um... If we hold you a party, will you come...?
Ena: Don't be silly. Of course I will.
Luka (N25): Then let's have a party here in SEKAI on the day of. MEIKO, KAITO, any objections?
KAITO (N25): Do what you want.
Mizuki: These two, I swear. You will still come, right?
MEIKO (N25): I'm leaving now.
Mizuki: Hey, what was that? At least say yes or no!
Mafuyu: They're gone.
Kanade: Yeah. The same as always, really.
Rin (N25): Is it really okay? Don't you have other plans on your birthday?
Ena: It'll be fine. We're doing the party before my actual birthday.
Ena: Right, Mizuki?
Mizuki: Yup, so leave Saturday open.
Miku (N25): Are you setting it up, Mizuki?
Mizuki: That's right! We've got plans in motion, all organized by yours truly.
Ena: And all without telling me a single thing.
Mizuki: That's because I want you to look forward to finding out!
Mizuki: Besides, I've got you mostly figured out, so you can trust I've got something good planned.
Ena: I'm not sure I like being “mostly figured out” here.
Ena: Either way, I'm expecting to be wowed.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Saturday]

[Scramble Crossing]

Ena: Sorry, were you waiting long?
Kanade: No, we just got here ourselves.
Ena: Oh, okay. That's good to hear...
Ena: Huh? That's a lot of stuff, you three. What's with all the bags?
Mizuki: Well, you'll just have to wait and see!
Ena: Well, if you say so...
Ena: So, where are you taking me today?
Ena: A certain someone was really talking this up, so is it a really fancy cafe or something?
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. Something like that! The atmosphere's something special, so just you wait and see.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Kagamine Rin)

[Nonogi Park]

Ena: The park?
Ena: I don't remember anything being around here...
Mizuki: Hehe. That's because this is the place!
Ena: Wait, what do you mean?
Mafuyu: Ena, this way.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ena: Oh...
Ena: There are still some cherry blossoms in bloom here! The season's over, so I thought they would have all fallen by now...
Mizuki: Right? I'm really glad we found these last few!
Mizuki: Now you can enjoy some springtime after all, right?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ena: Though, I spent so many days cooped up indoors that I didn't really get to enjoy much springtime.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ena: (Everyone remembered what I said...)
Mizuki: What do you think? Not a bad place to have a birthday party, right?
Ena: Yeah. Not bad for sure.
Ena: Wait, so, those bags you've got...
Mafuyu: Paper cups and plates, a blanket... And food.
Ena: Food? You went to the trouble of making lunch?
Kanade: We did. We had to ask Ms. Mochizuki for help, though...
Ena: Seriously?! You made all this? Thank you both!
Kanade: No problem.
Mafuyu: Mizuki, help me lay out the blanket?
Mizuki: Okay! Hmm, this looks like a good spot.
Ena: Huh? That's the blanket you went with? Isn't it a little big for four people?
Mizuki: Hm? Yeah, for four people.
Mizuki: But if it was any smaller, there wouldn't be enough space for everyone else to sit.
Ena: Everyone else?
???: Hello.
Ena: Huh?! Wait, are you all here for...
Honami: That's right. We're all here to celebrate your birthday.
Emu: Happy birthday, Ena!
Ichika, Honami, Shiho & Nene: Happy birthday!
Ena: Th-Thank you...!
Mizuki: Hehe. Not everyone's here yet, just so you know.
Ena: Huh?
???: Ena!
Ena: Airi! Everyone! I didn't know you were coming!
Airi: There's no way I'd miss coming to my best friend's birthday party.
Minori: It's a flower viewing birthday party! That's so wonderful!
Haruka: Hehe. That's the special privilege of being born in spring.
Shizuku: We bought dango for everyone. Let's all enjoy them later!
Ena: Wow, look at all those. Thank you. I'm looking forward to them already.
Mizuki: Okay! That's everyone, so let's get this flower viewing birthday party started!
Ena: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Ena: I still can't believe Kanade and Mafuyu made lunch.
Mizuki: I'm looking forward to it! Wonder what they made.
Kanade: We did taste-test it properly, so it should taste okay... But I can't promise it'll be pretty.
Kanade: Oh, but the parts Mafuyu was in charge of should all be fine.
Ena: Hey, don't worry about any of that. You made it for me, and that already makes me seriously happy.
Mafuyu: Okay, I'll open it up now.
Ena: Wow, inari sushi and rolled omelets! They look so good!
Honami: They both got up early today to make these.
Mafuyu: And thank you for taking the time to come help us, Mochizuki. We really appreciate it.
Honami: Oh, no it was my pleasure. I wanted to do something for Ena's birthday too.
Ena: Hey, can I try one of these omelets?
Kanade: Oh, those are the ones I made.
Ena: Oh, really!
Ena: See, look at these, they're totally fine. Time to dig in!
Ena: Mm...it's really good! The broth is really soaked in!
Kanade: I-I see. That's good.
(Black cut)
Emu: Ena, Ena!
Ena: What's up?
Emu: Here's a present from us to you, the birthday girl☆
Shiho: We hope you'll enjoy using it.
Ena: Wait, this is... A set of oil paints? And these ones are really high-quality...
Ena: They're famous for how smooth and vibrant they are. I've always wanted to get a set someday...
Ichika: I'm glad it sounds like we made the right choice.
Shiho: We discussed what to get you as a group.
Nene: And we figured that something art-related would be best...
Honami: In the end, we talked to the employees at an art store and settled on these with their help.
Ena: Wow... Thank you all so much. I love it!
Emu: Paint lots and lots of pretty pictures with them!
Ena: I will! And when I'm done, I'll be sure to show them to all of you.
(Black cut)
Airi: Well, I think it's just about time.
Haruka: Right. With lunch all settled, it's time for you-know-what.
Ena: Huh?
Shizuku: It's not a birthday party without cake, right?
Minori: It's Airi's special birthday cake! Ena version!
Ena: Wait, you made a cake for me?!
Airi: I did! And I put a ton of work into it!
Ena: Wow, look at this... A no-bake cheesecake covered with strawberries!
Minori: We helped with the decorating!
Shizuku: Minori really put a lot of effort into making sure the decoration was perfect.
Haruka: Yeah, her hands were trembling with how nervous she was.
Minori: I just had to get it perfect for Ena, though!
Ena: Hehe, you did a great job. Thank you so much.
Ena: Oh, right, need to take pictures...
Airi: Here, I'll take a few with you in them too, not just the cake.
Shizuku: Since we found such a nice spot, why don't we get the cherry blossoms in the background too?
Haruka: Come right over here, Ena.
Ena: Okay!
Airi: Is everyone ready?
Minori: Go ahead and strike a cute pose in three, two, one!
(Black cut)
Ena: (I'm so happy all of these people are here for me... What a nice birthday.)
Ena: (And I even got to enjoy the springtime, too. That's...)
Mizuki: Hmm? Are you getting misty on us?
Ena: Huh? So what if I am?
Mizuki: Hahaha! Hey, as long as you're having fun, I'm happy.
Mizuki: So, what'd you think of the birthday party, hm? I'm expecting a high score from the Enanan panel of judges.
Ena: Let me think. I'm having a great time, so... I'd say ten out of ten.
Mizuki: Haha! I'm glad to hear it!
Mizuki: I'm glad everything worked out, too. I'd been hoping I would get to see the cherry blossoms with you and everyone again.
Ena: Yeah... I'm glad we all got to, together.
Ena: Thank you, Mizuki.
Mizuki: Hehehe. You're very welcome!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000447/bg_s000447.png)
Ichika: Happy birthday again! It was so much fun celebrating your birthday under the cherry blossoms. Thank you for teaching us all how to draw the flowers.
Shiho: I didn't expect the birthday party to turn into a drawing party. You really are very good, Shinonome.
Honami: I had lots of fun talking to you about art, Ena. It makes me want to practice more, myself.
Honami: I wish you a truly happy birthday!
An: Happy birthday, Ena! Mizuki sent us the photos. It looks like you all had a great time at the park!
Kohane: The cherry blossoms are just about perfectly in season where we're staying. American cherry blossoms are so pretty too. I'll be sure to send you my pictures later.
Toya: Come to think of it, Akito, did you send Ena a present?
Akito: Why would I go out of my way to do that?
Toya: Then why don't the four of us go to choose a gift sometime? We were just saying that we'd also like to show our appreciation for her.
An: Hey, that sounds like a great idea! Tell us what Ena likes, Akito.
Akito: Seriously? Well, fine...sure.
Airi: Happy birthday, Ena!
Minori, Haruka & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Airi: I'm so happy we got to celebrate together! I see you've already posted the cake photos on social media!
Shizuku: Isn't it so lovely to relax outdoors with everyone? I'm glad you enjoyed yourself too, Ena. Let's do it again soon.
Haruka: Since it's getting warmer out, maybe we could all go out for a picnic together sometime?
Minori: Ooh, that's a great idea! I'll start looking around for good places!
Emu: Happy birthdaaay!
Emu: Getting to see you so smiley and happy made me feel all smiley too, Ena♪
Nene: I'm glad you enjoyed yourself, too. Um... I'm looking forward to seeing what you make with those paints.
Rui: Let me join in and wish you a happy birthday as well, Shinonome.
Rui: When I heard Mizuki was looking for cherry blossoms still in bloom, I couldn't help but worry a little... But I'm pleased to hear that you had a wonderful flower viewing party.
Mizuki: Was that a great birthday party or what? Now you see the fearsomeness of my planning skills.
Kanade: It really was a good day. Ena seemed to really enjoy herself, too.
Mafuyu: True.
Mizuki: I could plan a hundred parties like that! Let's all hang out with everyone again soon!
Mizuki: And with that, once again! Happy birthday, Ena!
Kanade & Mafuyu: Happy birthday.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ena: That party was so much fun... It's been a while since I've enjoyed a day that much.
Ena: Everyone thought about what I like and put something together just for me... It really was wonderful.
Ena: And as a thank you for your ongoing support, I'm going to work harder.
(Black cut)
