37_An Shiraishi_R1 Charismatic Singer

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 1-A]

An: Morning!
Classmate A: Hi, An! Hey, have you heard about that rumor?
Classmate A: A student from the next class fainted in the courtyard yesterday evening.
An: Huh? That happened?!
Classmate B: Yeah. The student was brought to the nurse's office and regained consciousness soon, but...
Classmate B: We're all wondering if it could be the handiwork of a ghost!
Classmate A: You've heard that rumor before, right? About the female ghost in the courtyard?
An: Ah, I don't know the details, but I have heard the rumors. But then again, ghosts don't exist, right?
Classmate A: That's what I hope...
Classmate B: Aren't you afraid of ghosts?
An: Nope. After all, they don't exist.
Mizuki: Hey there, everyone! Morning!
An: Hey, Mizuki! Morning to you. Didn't know you were coming in today.
Mizuki: Yeah. I felt like coming to school, so I did♪
Mizuki: Anyway, what's everyone talking so excitedly about?
An: Ah, yes. The rumor about the ghost in the courtyard.
An: Someone fainted there yesterday, and everyone's wondering if the ghost could have done it.
Mizuki: Aha! I know about that rumor, too!
An: Even though you never come to school?
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. I'm super sensitive to rumors of any sort, see. Doesn't seem like you know all the details, then?
An: Yeah, I don't know what kind of ghost and stuff. Not that I'm interested...
Mizuki: Allow me to give you a special rundown!
An: There's no need!
Mizuki: That day, a female student was passing through the courtyard in order to run an errand for a teacher.
Mizuki: The courtyard was empty because it was evening... Yet, the student could hear a woman wailing.
An: She was probably just imagining things... Maybe it was actually the voice of someone doing club activities?
Mizuki: If only... Did you know that the courtyard of this school used to be a cemetery?
An: No way?!
Mizuki: The wailing sounded soft at first, but then it got louder and louder, until it felt like there was someone right next to her...
An: Gulp...
Mizuki: The student steeled herself and turned around. But there was no one there.
Mizuki: Then, as she was breathing a sigh of relief, she saw it.
An: S-Saw what?
Mizuki: A pale, white hand protruding out from the ground, wrapped around her ankle!
Mizuki: And just like that!
An: Ah?!
Mizuki: The girl fainted there and then. And when she woke up, she was lying on a bed in the nurse's office. The end♪
An: Th-That means, the student next door really fainted in the courtyard because of that ghost?
Mizuki: Wait a minute? Why's your face so pale? Are you maybe actually afraid of ghosts?
An: N-N-No way! Never!
Mizuki: Oh, really...
Mizuki: Hey, by the way, Do you think you could help me out with something after school today?
Mizuki: The teacher asked me to run an errand, but it's gonna take a while for me to do it by myself. I'd appreciate some help.
An: Errand? Well, I don't have anything on after school today, so I don't mind...
Mizuki: Thank you! See you after school, then!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama High School - Courtyard]

An: (Of all the times to be at the courtyard, it just had to be right after hearing that creepy story...)
Mizuki: We're supposed to go to that storeroom there... Hm. Isn't it a little too quiet here?
An: Huh? I-Is it? Seems normal to me?
An: Anyway, what did the teacher ask you to do? That storeroom's where the equipment for the sports clubs are being kept...
Mizuki: ...
An: Mizuki? Hey, why the sudden silence?
Mizuki: Shh! Did you hear that? A woman's voice?
An: Huh?! I-It has to be from someone from the sports clubs...
Mizuki: It's not! Listen... Those uhh...uhh... sounds...
Mizuki: And...the sounds are getting closer!
An: Huh? You're joking, right? I don't hear anything at all—
Mizuki: Nooo! An, there's a white hand around your ankle!
An: Hyaaah?!
An: Huh? What? I'm...I'm fine?
Mizuki: Hahahaha!
Mizuki: I knew it. You're terrified of ghosts! Man, I never thought I'd see the day when I'd be hearing An go, Hyaaah!
An: Tsk! You tricked me?!
Mizuki: Yups. That story was totally made up by yours truly♪
An: Why, you!
Mizuki: I see. An's afraid of ghosts, huh? Everyone needs to know about this♪ Are they all still in the classroom?
An: Hey, stop it! Don't go around spreading strange rumors! Stop, I said!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - Courtyard]

An: Hey, morning!
Toya: Hey. You're on hall monitor duty today?
An: Yup. I'm catching latecomers today.
Toya: I'm not late yet.
An: I know, don't worry. I didn't call you because of that.
An: I'm just not used to seeing you by yourself because you're always together with Akito.
Toya: Akito joined the soccer club's morning practice as a helper.
An: Helper, huh? I didn't know he did stuff like that.
An: Oh, by the way, the shop's undergoing inspection today, so it won't be open. Don't bother dropping by.
Toya: Alright. I'll let Akito know too.
Hall Monitor: An, I didn't know you were a friend of Aoyagi?!
An: Huh? Oh, he's a regular at my father's shop, that's all. I only found out we were in the same school recently.
An: Anyway, you should focus on your job.
Hall Monitor: Sure. Oh, shoot! That's Tenma and Kamishiro, right? Also known as the weirdos among the second years because they really stand out, and not in a good way...
An: Okay?
Tsukasa: Hahahahaha! What do you think of that idea? Go ahead and laud my greatness, I don't mind!
Nene: Do you really need to look so smug about it?
Rui: Hehehe, it's a unique idea for sure. And then if we add my robots and drones into the mixture...hm?
An: Excuse me, Kamishiro. I'm the hall monitor on duty today. That's quite a large bag you have over there. May I ask what's inside?
Rui: You mean this? Hehe... Don't worry. I won't be using it in school.
An: I'm not asking whether you'll be using it or not... I'd like to know what's inside.
Tsukasa: (Whoa. She dares to confront someone so dubious-looking directly to his face? This first year's got some guts!)
Rui: Really... Even if you may regret it?
An: If it's really that bad, I can't possibly allow you to bring it into school, don't you think?
Rui: Hehe, you're absolutely right.
Rui: This bag contains the tools needed to maintain something she owns.
An: You're from class B, right? Is he telling the truth?
Nene: Yes... I asked him to bring it along. I really needed it today...
An: Well, in that case. Just this once, okay?
An: I'll have to confiscate it the next time I see it. Consider yourself warned.
Rui: Yes, I'll take that warning to heart.
Tsukasa: (Rui actually listened?! This first year is going places!)
(Black cut)
Hall Monitor: Sheesh! I was so nervous! You're amazing, An!
An: Huh, what'd I do?
Hall Monitor: It's scary enough to talk to the upperclassmen, but you even managed to give him such a clear warning!
Hall Monitor: I'm so glad you're one of the hall monitors, An.
Hall Monitor: You kept saying it was out of character for you, but I think you're cut out for this!
An: Sure, whatever. Flattery will get you nowhere with me.
An: Okay, gate's closed. Let's return to our classrooms too.
Hall Monitor: Hey, wait! Someone's coming.
An: What? But the gate's already closed... Ah.
Mizuki: Hup!
An: Wait, Mizuki?!
Mizuki: Huh? Are you both late too?
An: Of course not. And jumping over the gate like that is really dangerous!
Mizuki: I won't get hurt over something like that♪
An: I meant it's dangerous for the other people around! And anyway, you're late. Too bad, you would've made it in time if you were just a little earlier.
Mizuki: Really? I think I'm pretty early already, for someone who usually comes to school at lunchtime?
An: Well... That's true, too.
Mizuki: You see?
An: Then since you're here early for a change, be sure to attend all the classes, okay?
Mizuki: Yes, ma'am! Oh, by the way, wanna have lunch together later?
An: School just started and you're already thinking of lunch?
Mizuki: Why does it matter? Let's have lunch on the rooftop today!
An: Fine, fine. Doesn't look like I have a choice, anyway. Come on, let's go to our classroom!
(Black cut)
