38_An Shiraishi_R2 Vivid BAD SQUAD

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Kamiyama Street]

An: I got you a can of juice, Kohane. Thought you might be thirsty.
Kohane: Thanks, An.
An: Shall we raise a toast?
An: To us! We did a great job at the event!
Kohane & An: Cheers!
An: You've gotten used to performing in public, huh.
An: You were rocking it today!
Kohane: What, really?!
An: Yeah. You were tuning in to the audience, making eye contact, clapping your hands, adding little things like that to your routine.
An: That was really good!
Kohane: Hehe... I was just copying what you normally do. I'm glad it paid off!
Kohane: I'll try to stick to this style from now on!
An: You've got this, girl!
Kohane: Oh, this is completely unrelated but...
Kohane: There's something I've been wanting to ask you for a while now...
An: Sure, what is it?
Kohane: Well... I was wondering where you shop for clothes.
An: Huh? Clothes?
Kohane: Y-Yeah...
Kohane: It's just that I never know what to wear for our gigs...
An: You don't need to dress up in anything special.
Kohane: I know but... I'd like to wear something similar in style to what you do.
An: And what's my style?
Kohane: Things like the cool jacket you always wear or oversized hoodies, and the like...
Kohane: We often sing together, so having outfits that vibe together could boost our group's look.
An: Oh, I totally agree. We dress casually but those are still our stage getups.
Kohane: I'd like to go to some cool-looking clothing stores, but I always get too intimidated.
An: Why? You don't like shopping for clothes alone?
Kohane: That's partly it too, I suppose...
Kohane: But it's more that I feel out of place...
An: I see...
An: (She's a noob when it comes to street fashion.)
An: (I guess the rich girls from Miya Academy wouldn't normally wear that sort of stuff.)
An: Won't your parents have any objections if you start dressing like I do?
Kohane: Why would they?
An: Some old folks think that's how bad kids dress.
Kohane: Oh, no, mine aren't like that.
Kohane: They're always supportive of my choices.
An: Cool. They sound nice!
An: (I guess people who keep a pet snake aren't the snooty type with rigid ideas of what's proper.)
An: Alright, then. I'll take you along to my favorite clothing stores next time!
Kohane: Yay! Thanks, An!
An: One of them's in the mall, actually, so you should be fine shopping there on your own.
An: There's another with a really nice owner, great range of cool clothes and affordable prices, but...
An: Well...
Kohane: What's the catch?
An: Akito works there part-time.
Kohane: Is that...no good?
An: Um, how to explain it...
An: Anyhow, if it doesn't bother you, we can drop by there together.
Kohane: Sounds good!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: Ladies and gents, or should I say—guinea pigs! Get ready to sample and review Weekend Garage's experimental new addition to the menu!
Kohane: Let me help you set the tables.
An: Thanks, Kohane! Can you bring over plates from over there?
Kohane: Sure!
An's Father: You're doing us a big favor.
Toya: It's nothing, really. We owe you for letting us hang out here all the time.
Akito: So, what's new on the menu?
An's Father: Seafood curry. It's still simmering away. Give it ten minutes and it'll be ready.
Kohane: Yay! I'm sure it'll be yummy!
Akito: Curry, huh...
Toya: With seafood...
An: What's the matter? You two sure don't look thrilled...
An's Father: Right, how could I forget. Akito doesn't like carrots...
Akito: No need to bring that up!
Kohane: Really? You don't like carrots, Shinonome?
An: Hahaha! What are you, three years old?!
Akito: You got a problem?
An's Father: You're one to talk, An. You still refuse to eat tomatoes.
An: DAAAD! Don't tell on me!
Akito: Who's the kid now, huh?
An: I'm perfectly fine with ketchup! And if I really had to, I'd eat a tomato, I just don't like them!
Kohane: Is it the grassy smell that bothers you about them?
An: That's exactly it!
Akito: And why are you looking so amused, Toya?
Toya: Well, I'd never have guessed you were a picky eater. And carrots, of all things...
Akito: And you can eat anything? Then why did you make that face when they said what the food was gonna be?
Toya: Because of the seafood. I don't really eat squid.
An: What, you don't like squid?
Toya: The texture bothers me.
Akito: Hmph. I guess you don't like octopus either then.
Toya: No, octopus is fine.
Kohane: Why? They're both rubbery!
Toya: Squid's flat and slimy, but octopus has suckers and actual flavor.
Kohane: I see your point! The firm texture of the suckers is really nice.
An: Do you have any foods you dislike, Kohane?
Kohane: Well... I can't really eat pickles. I like the taste but somehow they make me a bit nauseous.
An: Really? I didn't know that could happen.
An's Father: The food's ready, kids!
Kohane: Mmm, smells nice! Oh, and it even comes with salad!
An: Hold on, dad. Why'd you put tomatoes in the salad?
An's Father: To make it more visually appealing, that's why. Don't be so up in arms about it.
Akito: Urgh... It's loaded with carrots! Did you do that just to take a dig at me?!
Akito: You don't even need to put any carrots at all in a SEAFOOD curry!
An's Father: Hahaha, that's also to add some more color to the dish.
Akito: I don't buy that!
An: Uh... Dad, you're literally making me see red...
Kohane: Um, An? You can give me your tomatoes if you want.
An: You'll eat them for me? You're my savior, Kohane!
Akito: Toya, let's do a trade. You can dump the squid from your curry on my plate. In return, can you dispose of this cursed vegetable for me?
Toya: Sure. Deal.
An's Father: I got myself a bunch of tough customers... At least finish all the food and rate it for me, okay?
An: You're gonna get clean plates back, dad! Let's dig in!
(Black cut)
