39_An Shiraishi_R3 Top-Notch Server!

Gacha phrase: Welcome! This seat's open!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: Here's your coffee!
Customer A: Thanks, An. Hey, is that girl singing right now your new partner?
An: Yup, she is. Her name's Kohane.
Customer A: Sweet. She's got a great voice.
An: I know, right? And also...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[In-Store Music Venue]

Kohane: Huff... Huff... Thank you for listening!
Customer B: That was really good! Can you do one more for us?
Kohane: Huh?! A-As in an encore?
Kohane: Th-Then... Okay, I'll sing one more song!
Customer B: Now we're talking!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Weekend Garage)
An: She's gotten used to the stage lately and gained a lot of courage.
An: She can now take impromptu requests and even sing along with musicians who jump in without warning!
Customer A: You're really happy about your partner's progress, eh?
An: Of course I am! Ah... Welcome to the shop! Feel free to take the window seat.
Customer C: An, can I have my usual? Make it two!
An: Two coffee blends, got it! By the way, I saw your live show the other day. It was awesome!
Customer C: Really? Thanks for that!
An: I'm looking forward to your next one!
An: Hey, good to see you today too. I heard one of your group members got hurt. Is everything okay now?
An: Oops, I'll clear the dishes here for you. Your performance the other day was so entertaining! Thanks for that!
Kohane: Wow...
An: Oh, hi, Kohane! You sang really well today, as usual!
Kohane: An, you're just amazing.
An: What?
Kohane: You were chatting with each individual customer while doing your work...
An: Haha, it's nothing fantastic at all. You're the amazing one here. I saw the audience asking for an encore!
Customer D: Yup, you really are amazing! I mean, An was the one who approached you and asked to be partners, right?
Customer D: So many people around here have been trying to team up with An, but she never accepted any of their offers.
Customer E: Yeah, and that's why you're amazing. How'd you manage to win An over?
Kohane: Huh? I-I didn't do anything to win... I mean, um...
Customer D: Hey, I know! Why don't you sing with my group instead?
Kohane: Wh-Whaaat?!
Customer D: You sing so well, and if you join my group, An may come sing together with us, too...
Customer D: So, please! Join my group!
Kohane: Um... Well, but...
An: Alright, that's enough! You're putting her on the spot.
An: Kohane's MY partner, and I'm not letting her go anywhere.
Kohane: A-An...
An: I may have to ban you from the shop if you keep cajoling her like this. Remember that.
Customer E: Oh dear... I have no choice but to back down, then.
Customer D: See, you must be really amazing for An to defend you like that...
Kohane: Th-Thank you for your compliment!
An: Sorry about that, Kohane. They weren't trying to be mean.
Kohane: I-It's okay.
Kohane: An, thank you for saying that about me. I'll do my very best to live up to your expectations!
An: Come on, you don't have to stress yourself about that.
An: It's more important for you to decide on what's best for yourself, instead of thinking about what I want, right?
An: That's the Kohane I want to sing with. So let's do our best together, alright?
Kohane: Okay! Please continue to lend me your support, An!
An: You bet I will!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

An: So this is the new and improved Phoenix Wonderland...
Kohane: Hehe! I'm so happy I can be here with all of you!
Akito: Visiting a theme park when we're already in high school...
Toya: We invited them, you know.
Toya: While Tsukasa did give us the tickets, I'm surprised you agreed to come along.
Toya: Were you thinking of evening out the numbers?
Akito: Who cares about that. I just wanted to escape from Ena's noisy demands of taking pictures for her.
Kohane: Shinonome, Aoyagi, thank you for inviting us here today. Let's have fun together!
Toya: Yeah.
Akito: Sure.
An: Akito aside, I'm really happy to be here with you, Kohane! This is my first time, so can you show me around?
Kohane: What? You've never visited Phoenix Wonderland before?
An: Yup. Well, at least since they renovated it. I live nearby but haven't had the chance yet.
Toya: It's my first time here too.
Kohane: You too?
Akito: Toya... You've never visited this place before?
Toya: Yes. So if you don't mind, please show me around too.
Kohane: I'd be happy to! The truth is, I'm quite familiar with Phoenix Wonderland myself.
Kohane: I visited every week when I was little. I even bought the annual pass in middle school and visited every day to take pictures.
An: Every day? You're like a regular, then. Any must-visit attractions here?
Kohane: I highly recommend the Phoenix Coaster!
An: Sounds like a big one!
Kohane: It is!
Akito: Toya, you're not into thrill rides, right? I remember you're afraid of heights.
Toya: I can take it if it's a low-lying thrill ride...
Akito: There's no such thing as a low-lying roller coaster...
Kohane: Oh... That ride may be a little too much for you then.
Kohane: Phoenix Coaster used to be a ride that even little children could enjoy, but...
Kohane: It's recently been upgraded into the Neo Phoenix Coaster and climbs to an incredible height immediately after setting off.
Kohane: It's really exciting when it suddenly drops all the way down from that climb, but that might be too scary for someone who's afraid of heights.
Toya: Yes. I may not... No. I absolutely can't take that.
An: Well, there's no need to force yourself to try something you don't like. Any other recommendations?
Kohane: Um, for attractions that don't go very high, we can try the go-karts or coffee cup ride.
Kohane: And the carousel here is a lot of fun, too! It lights up with beautiful illuminations at night. It would be nice to ride the carousel after dark.
Kohane: Also, also! We have to go to Wonder Stage!
An: Wonder Stage? To see a show?
Kohane: Yes! The shows performed there are really exciting! I really hope we can watch it together.
Kohane: So let's first check what time the show starts, then visit the other attractions while we wait, okay?
Kohane: Dad and I studied how to go around the attractions here without having to wait too long, so I remember them all!
Kohane: I think we can definitely do all the rides we want!
An: You weren't joking when you said you knew this place well.
Akito: This isn't even regular-level. It's nerd-level already. And you're being a lot more assertive than usual.
Toya: I'll leave it to you.
Kohane: You can count on me!
An: (Kohane looks really happy. Akito and Toya don't seem too particularly upset about the situation, either...)
An: (I would never have dreamed the four of us would come to a theme park together one day. It may be a good chance to get to know each other better.)
An: (And the more we get to know each other better like this...)
Akito: Hey, stop spacing out and let's go already.
Toya: Apparently, we should try all the recommended rides. If so, we'll have to hurry.
Kohane: Let's go, An!
An: Coming!
An: (Maybe we'll become the greatest team one day too, like dad and his friends were!)
(Black cut)
