134_An Shiraishi_R4 Despite Being Partners (event_6)

Gacha phrase: I'm the absolute worst!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

(Background change)

[Kamiyama Street]

An: Rin and Len really helped turn that into a good practice session.
Akito: Yeah, and we've got a goal to work towards.
Kohane: In order to catch up to you guys, I'll do everything I can for the outdoor gig!
Toya: If you're this determined, I'm sure it'll be fine. You'll do great at our next show.
Kohane: Thanks, Aoyagi.
An: Kohane and I are this way, so we'll see you later!
Akito: Yeah. See ya.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Vivid Street]

An: Kohane... Thanks for today.
Kohane: Oh, no. I should be thanking you.
An: You know, I... I was scared of telling you how I felt.
An: But I'm glad I did.
An: So again, thanks for everything.
Kohane: Same here, An! Let's do our best!
An: I'm glad we could talk, but now I've gotta get back to the cafe. See you tomorrow, Kohane!
Kohane: Okay! See you at practice!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

An: Dad, I'm home! You're getting ready to open, right? Let me help.
An's Father: Thanks.
An's Father: Oh, did you work things out with your friend?
An: Yeah! We're all good now!
An's Father: Glad to hear that.
An: Um... Say, Dad...
An's Father: What's up?
An: I was wondering... Did that ever happen to you too?
An: You know... Falling out with someone on your team?
An's Father: Sure. It wasn't just disagreements here and there either. We had full-on shouting matches all the time.
An: What, seriously? That doesn't seem like you...
An's Father: It was the worst between me and our best singer.
An's Father: We kept winding each other up over dumb stuff like our tastes for fashion or food...
An's Father: To be honest, none of us in the group meshed that well. We all thought of each other as people we'd never get along with.
An: But you kept making music together...?
An's Father: Yeah. Music and singing were what brought us together.
An: So you all had the same taste in music?
An's Father: Not really. We were always arguing about music too.
An: Whaaat?!
An's Father: But when it came to music, it was different.
An's Father: Normally, no one ever gave in. But somehow, when we had different opinions about making music, we'd compromise.
An's Father: We all had a lot of respect for each other as musicians. That was how we managed to stay together as a team.
An: I see. In your case, being partners didn't equal being friends.
An's Father: Yeah. I wish we could've been friends too...
An: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Akito: You feel like you have to protect her... “Look after” her.
(White cut)
(Background change)
An: I want you to believe in us too! Because I really believe in you, Kohane!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kohane: But I want nothing more than to keep singing with you, An!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

An: I think I get what you're saying, Dad...
An's Father: Ah, good...
An: But why mention all this now? You never talked about this stuff before...
An's Father: Because I knew that you'd understand now.
An: Dad...
An's Father: Give it your best, An.
An: Yeah!
An: (Kohane, I may still be lacking as a partner...)
An: (But I promise that I'll become your partner in every sense of the word!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

Kohane: G-Good morning. Is An here?
An's Father: Yeah. An, your friend's here!
An: Coming!
An: Kohane, you're already here? Is it that late?
Kohane: No, um... Before we start practice in SEKAI...
An: Oh! You want to do some warm-ups? In that case, I'll...
Kohane: N-No, it's not that...
Kohane: I have a favor to ask, An.
An: A favor...?
Kohane: Yeah. I'd like to try singing with you. Um, without you holding back.
An: Huh?
Kohane: You're always doing what you can to help me keep up, but if we keep doing that, I feel like I'll never actually grow...
Kohane: I've been practicing a lot lately. I even started doing solo performances on the street and I think I've improved a little.
Kohane: Which is why I want to test myself. By singing with you as best I can.
An: Kohane...
An: Okay. Let's do it!
Kohane: Thanks!
An: Okay, here we go! One, two, three!
An & Kohane: ♪――! ――! ――!
An: ♪——!
Kohane: ♪――! ――! ...!
An: (Kohane's struggling to keep up...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Kohane: Which is why I want to test myself. By singing with you as best I can.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

An: (I'm not gonna go easy on her!)
An: (She needs to know I recognize her as a singer that's on the same level as me!)
(Black cut)
Kohane: Huff... Huff...
Kohane: An, you're so amazing. I couldn't keep up at all. I guess I still have a long way to go.
An: But you're gonna be just as amazing too, right?
Kohane: Yeah! I'll definitely catch up to you!
An: I know you will...!
An: Ugh, I can't believe I was so narcissistic and thought you needed my protection!
Kohane: What?
An: I told you earlier that I kept thinking I had to look after you until Akito pointed out to me that it was unfair, right?
An: It was because it felt good having you rely on me...
An: But you keep proving to me, like just now, that you don't need any of that.
An: You're strong enough to get back up and try again without my help after you stumble or even fall.
An: I believe in you, so I'm going to sing as best I can too.
Kohane: An...
An: It took me way too long to notice that. I was so blind.
An: From now on, I'll just be leading you. Not some selfish mentor, okay?
Kohane: Yeah... Thanks, An.
Kohane: Let's give it our best, partner.
An: Of course! We're in this together!
An's Father: Hey, An...
An: Huh? What's up, Dad?
An's Father: Not to interrupt your lovely chat, but weren't you going somewhere today?
An: Gasp! Wait, no! We're gonna be late!
Kohane: W-We've gotta hurry or the guys will get mad over making them wait!
An: Let me just grab this and we're good to go!
An: By the way, Kohane! I've got a suggestion.
Kohane: What is it, An?
An: Why don't we sing that song again in SEKAI?
An: With everything we've got!
Kohane: Sure! I'm up for that!
An: Alright then! Let's go, partner!
(Black cut)
