167_An Shiraishi_R4 Intimate Feeling (event_12)

Gacha phrase: Drink this! It'll make you feel better!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: Okay, I'm done wiping the tables. What's next...?
An: ...
An: (I wonder if Kohane and Toya are okay. I hope they can talk it out with their parents...)
An: (Well, it probably went okay for Kohane, but I'm worried about Toya...)
An's Father: An... Hey, you there?
An: Oh, sorry! Let's see, what was next...?
An's Father: Have you checked the tableware yet? One table was low on sugar, I think...
An: Oh, right! That!
An's Father: Sigh... Are you really that worried about those two?
An: Oh... You can tell?
An's Father: It's all over your face.
An's Father: But they're your friends. Of course you'd be worried.
An: Say, dad...
An's Father: Yeah?
An: Just if... What if we had a serious disagreement about what I wanted to do with my life? What would you do?
An's Father: Why are you even asking? Do you really think anything I say will stop you from pursuing what you've decided to do?
An: Oh... I guess...
An's Father: And I've lived my whole life staying true to my passion so...
An's Father: It'd be hypocritical of me to try to put my own views on a pedestal and stop you from chasing your own goals.
An: I see...
An: Come to think of it, you've always been supportive of the things I want to do.
An: (I didn't realize how lucky I was... I feel silly for telling the others to just talk it out with their parents or invite their parents to our gig...)
An: (Wow...! In retrospect, everything I said feels really thoughtless...!)
Kohane: Sorry... Are you closed already?
An: Huh? Kohane?!
An's Father: We were just changing over to the bar menu. I can't take any orders right now, but you're welcome to come in for a chat.
Kohane: Thank you!
An's Father: Go talk to your friend, An. You're too spacey to be helpful now anyway.
An: Um... Thanks, dad.
An: Kohane, what's up...? I thought you were going straight home today.
Kohane: I was but... I wanted to come up with a strategy first.
An: About what?
Kohane: You see, I thought that instead of just inviting my parents to an event, I should assure them first that live houses aren't sketchy or dangerous places.
Kohane: You know, I felt nervous walking around Vivid Street when I first came here...
Kohane: But I'd rather have my parents feel some sort of wonder or excitement about where we're going instead of just flatly labeling it a scary place.
An: Yeah, I totally agree! Do you have something in mind?
Kohane: Well, I thought that maybe this would work...
An: Cool! You made a photobook!
Kohane: Yeah. I gathered fliers and pamphlets from the events we took part in for this.
An: You even wrote notes about each venue! And about the other groups that were there too!
An: Kohane, this is awesome! This is definitely gonna make your parents see what we do from your perspective!
Kohane: Thank goodness. I'm glad you think so! I'll finish it up and show it to them!
An: Great!
An: You really are amazing, Kohane...
Kohane: Huh?
An: Once you put your mind to something, you stay completely dedicated to it. I think that's really amazing!
Kohane: R-Really...?
Kohane: But you actually gave me the idea to make a photobook.
An: Huh, I did?
Kohane: You said, Have them see it for themselves. And I might've come up with the same idea...
Kohane: But I would've been too worried about it backfiring on me if I did...
Kohane: But back then, you also said, A picture is worth a thousand words. Then I knew this was the best thing to do.
Kohane: So... Thank you, An!
An: Kohane...
An: I was just throwing ideas around, you know? You're giving me too much credit!
An: Alright! How about this? I'll help you with your photobook.
Kohane: Really?!
An: Absolutely! Your future as a member of our team hinges on it, right?
An's Father: Here we go again... An's back to her usual self.
An's Father: Looks like I'll have to give her the rest of the day off.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Shibuya Park]

Kohane: ——♪ ——♪
An: (Wow... She's modulating her voice beautifully! And the high notes she's been practicing seem totally fine now...)
An: (I can't let her just leave me behind!)
An: ——♪ ——♪
(Black cut)
An: Whew... Great work today, Kohane!
Kohane: You too, An. That was a good session!
An: You've pretty much mastered those high notes you were having trouble with the other day.
Kohane: Hehe... I just followed your advice. I also practiced a lot at home.
Kohane: Oh, my dad walked in on me when I was practicing in my room too.
Kohane: I thought he was going to complain about the noise, but he asked me to sing more so he could record me.
An: Hahaha! Oh, you're dad... He just loves you so much!
Kohane: It did make me feel really happy...
Kohane: But your dad's like that too. I can really tell just by your interactions that you mean everything to him.
An: You think so? I mean, I'm grateful that he respects my decisions and lets me do what I really want...
Kohane: Hehe. It's nice, isn't it? Our families supporting our choices...
An: Yeah!
An: Hehe. Family, huh...?
An: Say, Kohane. You got some time?
Kohane: Sure. Did you want to go to Weekend Garage?
An: Um, nah. Let's stay here... I wanna talk more about family stuff.
Kohane: Family stuff?
An: Yeah! We've gotten to know each other pretty well, but there's still a lot of other stuff we haven't talked about yet, you know?
An: So let's talk more about family stuff!
Kohane: Sure, I'm curious too.
Kohane: I see your dad all the time, but only heard you talk about your mom a little bit.
An: Okay, we can start with her!
Kohane: Great! Umm... She's a teacher, right?
An: Yeah. I don't know if it's because of her job, but she's always pestered me about studying harder and says that knowledge is always worth having.
An: I get that it's good to know a lot of stuff about a wide range of subjects...
An: But how's anything about Edo or the Tokugawa Shogunate gonna help me? I feel like it's her fault that I ended up hating studying.
Kohane: Hehe. I guess she was pretty tough on you.
An: Yeah. On the other hand, sometimes I feel like asking her if she really paid attention during home ec since she likes learning so much.
An: She says she always follows a recipe, but she usually ends up using too much seasoning or forgets to adjust the burner.
Kohane: Oh, right. Cooking isn't her strong suit. And you cook from time to time too, no?
An: Yeah. And I'll try to save some of mom's dishes from becoming complete failures when I can.
An: What about you, Kohane?
Kohane: I think my mom's a pretty good cook. She even used to bake cakes fairly often.
An: That's awesome! But she doesn't make them anymore?
Kohane: No. She's not just a homemaker anymore after taking up a part-time job when I started junior high.
Kohane: She said I was grown-up enough for her not to worry about leaving me at home alone.
An: Hehe. I see...
An: Oh, and is she cool with snakes too? You've had yours for a long time, right?
Kohane: Haha, well... Not exactly. She'd be happier with a dog or a cat... You know, more normal pets...
Kohane: But she's also a softie and has a hard time saying no to my dad.
An: Haha. That's so cute!
Kohane: It is. Oh, this other time, when dad wanted to get a new camera...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama Street]

An: Thanks for sticking around and telling me about your mom and dad! I really enjoyed your stories!
Kohane: Thank you for telling me about your mom too!
Kohane: Next time we should ask Shinonome and Aoyagi. Neither of us have any siblings so...
An: Yeah, you're right! But I have a feeling Akito won't be very chatty.
An: Okay, I've gotta get back to the cafe to help out.
Kohane: Yeah! See you tomorrow, An!
An: See you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

An: I'm back!
Regular Customer A: Oh, it's An! Welcome back!
Regular Customer B: Were you doing a show on Vivid Street?
An: No, I was just practicing with a teammate in the park today.
An's Father: But it's unusual for you to come in through the front door during business hours. Why didn't you go through the back this time?
An: Hmm... Not really sure but... I guess I just felt like it today.
An's Father: Oh?
An: I'll go grab an apron!
An's Father: Oh, one more thing.
An: Huh?
An's Father: Welcome home.
An: Thanks, dad...!
(Black cut)
