213_An Shiraishi_R4 Because We're Teammates (event_21)

Gacha phrase: Let's really sock it to them!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Shibuya Park]

An: Oh, it's getting pretty late. Maybe we should call it a day.
Toya: Sounds good. We can practice later on our own too since there aren't any events today.
Akito: Yeah. Just make sure to at least go over what came up during practice today.
Kohane: Got it! See you tomorrow!
Kohane: Shinonome looks like he's back to being his old self...
An: Yeah. I was really worried about what would happen, but I'm glad everything worked out.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Vivid Street]

An: Hm? There's a ton of people here...!
Kohane: Maybe an event just ended?
Spectator A: Arata with another awesome performance!
An: ...!
Spectator B: Yeah, he really might be the one that surpasses RAD WEEKEND!
Spectator A: Ain't that the truth! He's gotta be the closest to actually doing it!
Kohane: Everybody's been talking about Tono lately, haven't they?
An: They have.
An: (You can't deny that he's good. Us four together were just barely able to hold our own against him.)
An: (But...)
An: It's like... How do I put it...?
Kohane: Huh? Put what?
An: What those other people were talking about. How Arata's the closest one to surpassing RAD WEEKEND, you know?
An: He's good, but what I saw during his performance didn't feel like it could reach the level of that legendary night...
Kohane: Even though he's that good...?
An: Yeah...
An: There's also the part of me that doesn't want him to surpass us and be the first to do it...
An: But I believe that RAD WEEKEND was as great as it was because so many people were involved in making it happen, you know?
Kohane: You're right. You even mentioned a little about RAD WEEKEND the first time you invited me to sing with you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: I told my dad that I wanted to organize an event just like his. I still remember his response.
An: He said, This event was only possible because of all the people I'd met in this town who love music so much. There's no way I could have done this on my own.
An: It made me want to start meeting those kinds of people. My dream is to organize the greatest event in history with them!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: Exactly! That's why I spent so much looking for a partner!
Kohane: Hehe. You really startled me that time too.
Kohane: But I'm so glad I had the courage to say yes to you then.
Kohane: Now we're both trying to make a really cool dream come true!
An: Kohane...! I can't thank you enough for becoming my partner!
Kohane: Wha...! A-An, please don't throw yourself at me like that...!
An: Hehe. Sorry.
An: (I want to put on an event that's bigger than RAD WEEKEND with Kohane!)
An: (But that also makes me wonder...)
An: (How does Arata plan on doing that...?)
Kohane: Oh, An! That reminds me...!
An: What's up?
Kohane: I've been meaning to ask you...
Kohane: Since we're trying to make the same dream a reality, I was hoping that you and Shinonome could tell me more about that legendary night.
Kohane: I'd like to hear more about how RAD WEEKEND really was.
An: Of course! But can I really do it justice...?
An: It was sort of like... When the four of us battled against Arata during that event, I guess?
Kohane: Really?!
An: I mean, sort of...
An: As the night went on, one performer after another got up on stage and kept getting the crowd more and more pumped!
An: Everybody wanted to sing! Everybody wanted to hear more! The sky was the limit that night!
An: Everyone there was so excited and couldn't wait to see what would happen next.
An: It's something you can't really achieve by any normal means. That might be the best way to describe RAD WEEKEND... How's that?
Kohane: ...
An: Haha... Maybe that was a little too abstract. I hope you sort of got what I was trying to say...
Kohane: No, I understand! I think I have a good idea of what you were trying to say!
An: Really? Awesome!
An: To be fair, we're nowhere near the level we need to be at as a team to surpass that night. That's why we just gotta keep getting better and better!
Kohane: Yeah. I'll keep doing everything I can as a member of Vivid BAD SQUAD, and as your partner, An!
An: Thanks, Kohane! I'll be counting on you!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: So we're deciding on which events we'll be entering in today, right?
Akito: Yeah. The problem is that we've been invited by a bunch of people...
Akito: These events give us experience and help us grow, but doing all of them is a little much...
An: And that's why I came up with this idea! Here, take a look at these!
Kohane: Huh? Are these all event flyers? How many are there?!
An: A lot of people working at the live houses around here come to ask if they can post these to advertise.
Akito: Hold on... Aren't these all battle events?
An: Of course! Those are the only ones I chose!
Toya: Does that have something to do with this idea of yours...?
An: Yup, you got it!
An: We were originally two separate pairs, right? We really only became a foursome just recently if you think about it.
An: That's why I want us to do as many events as possible as a complete team.
Toya: I see. But why just battles?
An: To keep honing our skills!
An: Battle events have winners and losers, right?
An: And no one participates in these unless they feel like they can win!
Akito: Yeah, everyone's at each other's throats thinking that they'll be the ones that get the crowd going the most.
An: Exactly! That's why I think we'll get better the fastest by doing these events!
An: Also, I thought it'd be nice to find a singing style that suits us best.
Kohane: A singing style?
An: Yeah. For the longest time, I sang in shows and events on my own while I was looking for a partner.
An: I know a lot about solo artists and performers, but not much about teams...
An: Like EVER from STAY GOLDEN. I knew of them, but I didn't know anything about their songs or that they'd be in the same event as us.
Akito: There wasn't much we could do about that.
Akito: EVER performs at live houses outside of Vivid Street from what I heard too.
Toya: Yes. Some teams even play at only one live house.
Kohane: Really? I didn't know that...!
An: That's what I'm talking about! There's probably still a bunch of other really good teams out there that we don't know about yet!
An: I want us to find them, meet them and battle against them! We might even learn about what we might be missing or need to do as a team!
Akito: And that's what you meant by us finding a singing style, huh...?
An: Yes!
Kohane: I agree with An. We might learn quite a bit by seeing how other teams sing and perform together!
An: See? What do you two think?
Toya: I agree as well.
Toya: Especially since it'll help us grow both as a team and individually at the same time.
Akito: Yeah. It's a pretty good idea all things considered.
An: All things considered? What's that supposed to mean?
Kohane: Hehe.
Akito: Now, with An's idea in mind, let's get back to what we were talking about...
Kohane: Right, which events should we pick...?
Toya: Yes. We'll have to find the ones that best suit us first.
An: Let's do this!
(Black cut)
