231_An Shiraishi_R2 Last-Minute Dancer (event_24)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Wedding Ceremony Hall]

Akito: And that's about how everything goes...
An: Okay! I guess we should hammer out the trickier parts of the dance routine next.
Akito: You learn quick, but that might just also mean I'm a good teacher.
An: Seriously? That's all I get for agreeing to help you after just being thrown in like this?
Toya: I apologize, Shiraishi. But I really appreciate you doing this for us.
An: It's okay, don't worry! I wasn't just about to let you guys flail around like fish out of water...!
An: But I was surprised by how Kamishiro's directing everything for this.
Toya: It all started with me replacing Tsukasa and him coming here to see if everything was okay.
Toya: He ended up agreeing to help so that the bride's surprise would actually happen during the ceremony.
An: Yeah, I didn't know. He's a pretty good guy, isn't he?
An: Weddings are a huge deal too, so I get how he wants everything to go well! Let's give it our best shot too!
Toya: Right.
An: I can't wait for everything to start. You're supposed to propose to the bride, right, Toya?
Toya: Yes. I wasn't sure what to do when I was picked, but I think everything will be fine now.
Akito: I'm still not really sure about all that. You've got a guy playing basketball and another doing origami...
An: Wait, what?
Akito: The other guys that are proposing to the bride.
An: What do you mean? What do those have to do with proposing to the bride?
Akito: No idea...
Toya: I think there's nothing to worry about. That's all a part of the act too.
An: Okay...
An: But this is pretty cool, isn't it?
Akito: What is?
An: Kamishiro just got here a little while ago, right? Then he just took over, decided what to do and started getting everything set up.
An: When the time comes for us to put on an event, we'll probably be doing the same sort of thing.
Akito: To be fair, ours is gonna be just about music.
An: True. However, I do think that RAD WEEKEND was a once-in-a-lifetime event like this for my dad too.
An: I mean, it was the culmination of everything he'd been doing as a musician.
Toya: Yes, I see. And this experience will be invaluable to us as well.
An: Exactly! Hehe. This is so exciting!
An: Oh, someone's messaging me...
Akito: Our phones were ringing too...
An: That means... Yeah, it's Kohane! She sent us all something.
An: She says she's by my place and wondering if we can gather later for practice.
Akito: Later tonight, sure, but not now.
An: Yeah... *Sigh*... I wish Kohane could be here too.
Toya: Even if she hurried over, she probably won't make it in time for the ceremony.
Akito: Yeah, who'd just up and go after being told something like that?
Toya: But you came, Akito...
Akito: That's because you said it was an emergency...!
An: Right. I don't want her to panic or anything... I'll try explaining what's up and have her wait at my place then.
Akito: At least she'll have somewhere to hang around, but can you really explain what we've been roped into?
An: What are you talking about? That's easy!
An: You two, stand over there.
Akito & Toya: ...?
An: I'll stand... Here. Now, smile as best you can.
Akito: What?! Wait, hold on...!
An: Say cheese!
An: Great! I got all three of us!
Toya: Ah, a picture would be much simpler than telling her.
Akito: Yeah, right...
An: Just gotta attach our pic and...
An: <Some stuff happened and we were asked to be in a flash mob for a wedding.>
An: <Once we're done, we'll head right over. Just sit tight.> Send...!
Toya: Oh, it's almost time too.
Akito: Yeah. Let's go.
An: Okay! Let's make this the best wedding ever!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Wedding Ceremony Hall]

An: That was so much fun! I'm glad that our surprise went over so well too!
Toya: Me too. And thank you again, Shiraishi, Akito.
Akito: No prob.
An: Okay, I need to get back to Weekend Garage to see Kohane. What are you two gonna do?
Toya: Well...
???: An...!
An: Huh? That voice... Kohane?!
Kohane: Hehe. I decided to hurry over. That was so great, you guys!
Toya: How did you know where we were, Azusawa?
Kohane: That photo you sent me actually sort of told me. I took a guess and went for it!
An: Cool. Thanks for coming, Kohane!
An: But I wish you got here sooner. The ceremony and our surprise performance are all done now.
An: Everybody got so pumped up too. I really wanted you to see it...
Kohane: No, it's okay. I still got to see part of it.
Kohane: And it seemed okay for outsiders to take pictures, so I decided to take some myself. They're all in this folder. See...?
Akito: Okay, let's see... Wait, you took 200 pictures?! How'd you take so many?!
Kohane: Hehe. I used burst mode for some of them, so I ended up taking quite a few. 
Kohane: I took wide shots, close-ups and all sorts of other photos too.
Toya: That's incredible. It's not like our show was that long either...
An: Hehe. Hey, Kohane... Can I see more of your pics?
Kohane: Yeah! Oh, but the sun might've made some of them too dark because of where I was standing...
An: Really? All of them look good as far as I can tell!
An: Like this one. You can tell how much fun the dancers are having and even how hard they're dancing!
Kohane: You think so...?
Akito: Hey, Toya, check this out...!
Toya: Oh, it's the proposal scene... That's how I looked during that...?
An: Lemme see...
An: Oh, that's a good expression!
An: And Akito's got a good look on his face in this one! It's like when he's trying to act like a nice guy!
Akito: Yeah, yeah...
Kohane: I got some of you too, An. You really looked like you were having a lot of fun out there.
An: Oh, this was when we started dancing with the people passing by!
Akito: You did what? I can't imagine how they felt when you did that...
An: What are you talking about? Look! They're having tons of fun!
Kohane: Hehe. Oh, also... I'd like you to see this one too!
An: Oh, wow! It's the bride and the groom!
Kohane: Hehe. They looked so happy together. I couldn't resist taking this one.
An: Yeah. Their expressions are priceless!
Toya: I see. So this is how they looked during that moment.
Akito: Yeah, we didn't get a chance to see them since we were too busy singing and dancing.
Toya: Right...
An: So how do you feel, Toya? This was what you and Kamishiro were hoping for, right?
Toya: ...
Toya: Yes. I'm glad to see this.
An: *Sigh*... It all just blew by like a storm. It came and went, and it's all over now...
An: But I feel satisfied... Like I actually did something today, you know...?
An: Even though I joined in at the last minute. Imagine what it'll be like when it's our turn to do something like this. Who knows what that'll feel like?
Akito: No idea, but...
Akito: We'll know when it happens, right?
An: Yeah!
An: It might be way in the future, but that's why we gotta keep getting better!
An: Until that day comes when it is our turn...!
Kohane: Yeah!
An: Alright! I'm all fired up now. How does getting some practice in sound?
Toya: That's right. Azusawa was asking if we had time to do that later.
Kohane: Right. But I'm sure you're all tired after doing that performance...
Toya: No, I think we all still want to keep going.
Akito: Yeah. Also, there's no point in wasting time moving somewhere else. Wanna head over to SEKAI?
An: Sure!
An: (We gotta keep trying! The four of us are definitely gonna surpass RAD WEEKEND together!)
(Black cut)
