343_An Shiraishi_R4 BBQ With Everyone♪ (event_44)

Gacha phrase: Alright, time to dig in!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Campground]

An: Okay, skewers are on the fire! Now to just wait for them to cook. 
Kohane: Hehe. I hope they turn out well.
Akito: Same. Just don't them burn, alright, An?
An: Shut up! I won't! I'm keeping a close eye on them.
Toya: I'll help monitor them as well. It'd be a shame to have put in all that effort and not be rewarded...
Toya: At the same time, it's very interesting to see how a person cooks can be an expression of their personality.
An: Yeah, I get what you mean. Kohane's a total whiz with kitchen knives!
Kohane: Hehe. Thanks... It must be because I help my mom cook so often.
Kohane: You seemed to know how to handle knives pretty well too, Shinonome. You did a great job peeling those potatoes.
Akito: I was just doing what I learned in home ec.
Kohane: You did a good job too, Aoyagi. You really made sure to curl in your fingers while you chopped.
Toya: Yes, I'm glad I figured out how to.
Toya: I had so much trouble keeping everything from slipping and wasn't sure what I was doing wrong, but now I understand that it's a good way to keep my fingers safe.
Akito: All that from learning how to use knives safely...
Toya: But I noticed that you were using the same technique.
Akito: Because I don't want to hurt my fingers.
Toya: Excuse me. Where are my manners...?
An: Haha! I don't blame you! We did a lot today, so I bet you're starving!
Kohane: Me too, actually...
Akito: Hmm... Nothing's cooked through yet. Don't we have anything else to eat...?
An: Oh, how about these?
Toya: Mandarins...?
An: Yeah! I was gonna have some for dessert, but we can eat them now.
An: They're great for when you're snuggled up inside a kotatsu, so I bet they'll taste amazing since we have a cozy campfire.
Akito: How does that work?
An: Details. Details. Here, knock yourselves out.
Kohane: Hehe. Thanks, An. If you don't mind...
Toya: They smell very nice when you peel them.
Akito: Hey, these are really good.
Kohane: Oh, have you guys ever heard of orange peel art...?
Toya: Orange peel art?
Kohane: Yeah. It should come up pretty quick if you look it up on your phone. Also, to be fair, it's more like a fun activity as opposed to real art...
Kohane: Oh, here. I found some...
Akito: Hey, that's pretty cool. They turned theirs into cats and rabbits.
Toya: And this person made a kotatsu... It's like the reverse of what we were just talking about.
Kohane: Our food still probably needs a little more time, so why don't we give this a try?
An: Yeah, that sounds fun! Let's do it!
Toya: Yes, I'd like to try as well.
Akito: Alright, I'll give it a shot. But don't forget to keep an eye on the food.
(Black cut)
Kohane: Okay... Maintain a swirl pattern and...
Kohane: Oh no, it ripped...! Count Pearl's a lot harder to make than I realized.
An: Don't worry, Kohane! We've got heaps more where that came from.
Kohane: Right. Thanks, An.
Akito: Geez, how many mandarins did you bring?
An: Hmm... Not quite ten...?
An: Our neighbors gave us a whole box of them and we were having trouble going through them all, so Dad made me take some with me. 
Toya: I see. Then, I'm glad he did. Okay, mine's ready...
Kohane: Oh wow! That's so cute!
An: Look at you, Toya! Is it a dog and a bunny?
Toya: Yes, I put a lot of effort into getting the golden retriever's ears to bend properly. The same goes for how the carrot looks in the rabbit's mouth.
Akito: That reminds me. Weren't you in charge of making cotton candy art during the School Festival? I remember seeing bears and unicorns...
An: Yeah, those were so cute. It's like Toya's legit artist, you know?
Kohane: Yeah, maybe... I wish I could somehow keep them as they were.
Toya: Hehe. I appreciate the compliment...
Toya: I was the student while learning how to pitch a tent and build a campfire, but it's finally my turn to be the teacher.
An: That means you'll just have to teach us more about orange peel art the next time we go camping, Mr. Aoyagi!
Akito: Wait, you plan on bringing these every time?
An: Why not? They're good and we get to see Toya make these masterpieces!
Toya: Hehe. Okay...
An: (These were pretty heavy, but I'm glad I brought them...)
An: (I hope Toya and the rest of us can keep discovering our individual and collective talents like this...)
Kohane: Oh, something smells really good. The skewers might be ready now...
An: Okay, you guys! It's time to dig into tonight's main dish!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next morning]

[Campground]

Kohane: An... An, wake up.
An: Mhm... No... It's still cold... Let's sleep in a little more, Kohane...
Kohane: Oh, An.
Kohane: Shinonome and Aoyagi are up already. It looks like they're getting started on breakfast too, so we should probably get going, you know?
An: Hmm... Okay, I guess you're right...
(Black cut)

[Camp Spigot]

An: Eep! It's freezing...!
Akito: Can't you wash up a little quieter?
An: Hey, don't blame me! I thought my hands were gonna freeze off just now.
Toya: To her credit, the water is surprisingly cold. My hands hurt after trying to wash them just now.
An: See?! I could almost feel my fingers snapping off.
Kohane: Hehe... Oh, that means...
Kohane: You two have the same idea of what it's like to be startled after touching really cold water during the morning in winter, right?
An: Huh?
Toya: I see. We know the pain of having our hands exposed to freezing water during a cold day in the mountains, so we'd be able to sync up well there...
Akito: I've never heard of a song like that... But I guess it is important to see and feel the same things.
An: That's right! Experience counts for everything!
(Black cut)
Akito: Hey, we're done putting away the dishes. How are you guys doing?
Kohane: Thanks, Shinonome. We're just about done too.
Toya: We've thrown away the paper plates we used for the sandwiches. To be honest, I'm still amazed at how good they were.
An: I know, right? My dad taught me how to make them♪
An: But what do we do now...? We still have some time to kill before checkout.
Kohane: Oh, you're right. We could... Practice?
Akito: Not a bad idea... But I feel like we should do something that we can only do here.
Toya: We could take another walk in the forest again.
Toya: I'm sure it's very different during the day, and more importantly, we won't get lost.
An: Yeah, that sounds nice. Let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[In the forest]

Toya: The trail seems much fainter the second time around. Do you think we should put down some markers just in case? 
Akito: Nah, we're not picking plants or anything like last time, so I doubt we'll lose track of where we are.
An: Yeah! I'll make sure to keep an eye on where we go this time!
Akito: That isn't very reassuring coming from you...
An: FYI, it's actually pretty hard for me to get lost. Plus, I know how to read maps!
Kohane: Hehe. Still, this forest does seem a little different compared to yesterday...
Toya: Yes, it's still very serene, and the air feels just as clean as last time...
Toya: But it feels much damper today.
An: Oh, that's probably because of all the morning dew.
Akito: We could get a completely different kind of song if we use this as inspiration.
Kohane: Oh, why don't we try singing here with that in mind?
An: Yeah! I bet we'll sound amazing!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Campground)
Akito: Alright, it's almost time for checkout. We should get ready to go...
Toya: Okay... Still, it's a shame...
Toya: I would've liked to stay another night...
An: Toya...
An: You know what they say, Toya. A field trip's not over until you get home.
Toya: Yes, Tsukasa's told me that quite a few times...
An: I actually don't really agree with that saying.
Kohane: You don't?
An: No, because you'll get home and start talking about what happened, which only makes you want to go on it again, you know?
An: So I think it should be, The field trip goes on after you get home!
Toya: Yes, I see... Even after you get home.
Toya: That means this trip will never end as long as we keep talking and reminiscing about it.
An: Bullseye!
Akito: Hold on. I thought people say that to make sure you actually get home safe.
Akito: Still, what you say also kinda makes sense...
Kohane: Hehe. I agree! It's like we get to keep camping after we get home!
An: Hehe. So let's all get ready to go!
(Black cut)
