402_An Shiraishi_R4 Past Excitement

Gacha phrase: This place looks just like Vivid Street.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

An: Alright, I'll play it now...
Rin: Okay...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nagi: ♪————————!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rin & MEIKO: ...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nagi: ♪————————!! ♪————————!!
Nagi: Everyone...
Nagi: I'm giving this show absolutely everything I have!
Nagi: So try to keep up, okay?!
Nagi: ♪————————!!
(Black cut)
Ken & Taiga: ♪————————!! ♪——!! ——!!
Everyone: ♪————————!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MEIKO: So this is RAD WEEKEND...
MEIKO: The very event that you and the others are trying to surpass, An...
Rin: I...
Rin: I don't believe it...! That was so awesome!
Rin: I know it was just a recording of the real thing, but it felt like I was actually there!
Rin: I'm speechless! Was RAD WEEKEND really this amazing?!
Len: Calm down, will you? It was absolutely amazing. We get it.
Rin: But it really was super amazing.
An: Haha. I totally know that feeling, Rin.
An: You're seeing it through a screen, but it has this way of setting your heart on fire.
Rin: Right?! A part of me wanted to cheer and jump with the crowd while I watched!
MEIKO: Same. It felt so real. Despite it being a video, it had this incredible immersive effect.
MEIKO: Thank you for showing this to us, An. I think it's safe to say that this is a rare piece of history.
An: You're welcome. I've been meaning to watch it again anyway.
An: Where my dream was born...
MEIKO: No, really. Thank you very much for sharing this.
Rin: Oh, wait, we just left it running.
An: Huh? It's supposed to end after the show finishes...
Len: No, listen...! The screen's black but I think I hear something.
An: Huh?
???: <Hey, is this thing actually recording? Everything's all black.>
An: This voice...!
???: <Hm? Haha! The lens cap was still on.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nagi: <How's that? Ah, ah, ah. Hello, my name is Nagi Kotaki.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rin: It's the lady who sang during RAD WEEKEND!
An: Yeah... I didn't realize this included a video of something other than the show...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nagi: <How was RAD WEEKEND? Did you have fun?>
Nagi: <Just as a little disclaimer, I don't really know how it went since it hasn't actually happened yet...>
Nagi: <But I'm sure it was the best show ever.>
Nagi: <I mean, Taiga, Ken and everyone from Vivid Street helped put it together.>
Nagi: <Which is why I'd like to show you around the place I love so much. Vivid Street!>
Nagi: <I honestly don't know who's going to watch this when, but...>
Nagi: <I hope you like this city just as much as I do.>
Nagi: <Anyway, let's start our tour of the musician's paradise that's full of song and...>
Passerby: <Hm? Hey, Nagi! Where are Taiga and Ken? Are they not with you today?>
Nagi: <Oh, the owner of that ramen shop...! Perfect! Today's your day off, right? Mind being my cameraman for a bit?>
Passerby: <What? Me?>
Nagi: <You were the one who said you filmed your daughter's relay during her sports competition really beautifully, right? So, here you go! Action!>
Passerby: <Haha! Alright, you got me. I'll play along, Nagi!>
Nagi: <Thanks! Okay, once more. Let's start our tour of the musician's paradise known as Vivid Street.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
An: Thanks for that, MEIKO.
MEIKO: You're welcome. Good luck with practice, you guys.
Len: Still, the video after the show was really good too. We got to see so many different live houses!
Len: And it was like everyone this Nagi lady crossed paths with was her friend! I can't believe how popular she was!
Rin: Yeah! That street's where you sing and hang out a lot, right, An?
An: Yup. It's called Vivid Street. But that video had to be taken... Two, maybe three years ago...?
Len: Also, Nagi was right. That place we saw's totally a musician's paradise!
Rin: I know, right?! It's like there were people singing or playing an instrument at every corner. Everyone listening looked like they were having fun too!
An: Yeah. It was especially nuts after my dad and his team put on RAD WEEKEND.
An: There were so many street musicians and performers that you'd literally run into one every few steps.
Len: What?! That many?! No way...
An: Yes way!
An: Hm? Did something flash over that way just now...?
Len: Huh?
An: Oh, there's a ball or something on the ground. It's glowing too. This must've been the thing that flashed.
Rin: Wait, that might be...!
Len: An, don't pick it...
An: What's going on?! S-So bright...!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

An: Hm...?
An: Huh...? Where are we?! It looks like a street but...
Len: I think a fragment of a feeling sent us to a different SEKAI.
Rin: And you just had to pick it up, An... I wasn't sure what was gonna happen...
An: W-Wait just one minute! What do you mean by “a fragment of a feeling”?! Also, a different SEKAI?!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[???]

An: I see...
An: SEKAI are born from people's feelings and something along those lines sent us to this place...?
An: With that ball of light being the main culprit behind all this.
Rin: Yeah!
An: So me touching that thing really sent us to a SEKAI born from different feelings...?
Len: Yeah, that's right. Luckily, things should go back to normal if we wait just a bit.
An: Okay, that's good to know. Still...
Singer: ♪———— ♪~————!
Len: Hey, someone's singing! Huh? There's someone playing guitar next to them. That's a completely different song, right...?
Rin: Y-Yeah. How are they able to play so close together?
Band Member: ——! ——! ~~~~——♪
Singer: Hey, buddy. Mind playing your guitar somewhere else? You're totally ruining my singing vibe...
Band Member: You can complain all you want, but I'm already competing against someone next to me.
Band Member: Scram if you don't like being here, or you could try out-singing me and my guitar.
Singer: You're on. Challenge accepted.
Band Member's Friend: Hey, that sounds fun! Mind if I jump in with my bass? I'll help you out.
Singer & Band Member: What?!
Band Member: Why are you helping my opponent?!
Band Member's Friend: Haha. It'll be more interesting this way. Right, you guys?!
Passerby A: Yeah! Don't let us down, alright?
Passerby B: You can do it! I believe in all of you!
Band Member: Fine, you can borrow our bassist. But you're still going down!
Singer: Hmph. Not until the fat lady sings!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000063/bg_s000063.png)
An: ... It's so similar...
An: This place feels a lot like Vivid Street...
Len: Huh? You mean the place we saw in that video? I'm not really seeing it...
An: Oh, right. The buildings and stuff look way different...
Singer: ♪———— ♪————!
Band Member: Hey, not bad! Alright, try this on for size!
Passersby: This is awesome! You guys are doing great!
An: Hehe. This sort of atmosphere's exactly what you used to see on Vivid Street.
(White cut)
(Background change)
An: Especially after RAD WEEKEND.
Rin: After RAD WEEKEND?
An: Yeah. RAD WEEKEND itself was unbelievably amazing...
An: But it was able to reach its legendary status party because of what followed.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: After that night, you could hear all these people singing and playing music early in the morning.
An: As the day went on, more and more people just kept gathering...
An: I remember going out shopping with my mom and seeing musicians absolutely everywhere!
An: It looked like there were more people playing music than pedestrians!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: Vivid Street's always been a place where musicians can gather, but things just blew up after that night.
An: They all seemed inspired to become world-class performers like my dad and his team, and go where they played.
Rin: It was just that big an event, huh?
An: Yeah. Because of that night, all these people started showing up and made the demand for live houses skyrocket.
An: All the while COL ended up closing, my dad retired from music, Uncle Taiga and Aunt Nagi went overseas and things started simmering down.
Len: I see. And this place's atmosphere is reminding you of what it was like back then.
An: Yeah. Call it nostalgia...
An: I even decided that I'm gonna be just like my dad and started singing on Vivid Street every day.
An: Oh, but...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Junior High School An (An): Whew! Thanks for letting me sing with you! That was so much fun!
Musician A: That's great to hear! But to be honest, An, your energy's what really drove us.
Musician B: Yeah, it's so easy to tell that you're Ken's daughter. Is singing what you wanna do when you grow up?
Junior High School An (An): Yeah, that's right!
Junior High School An (An): And I'm gonna put on the best event ever! One that surpasses RAD WEEKEND!
Musician A: Haha. You got a big dream there. Good luck!
Junior High School An (An): Hold on. Don't you guys want to become famous like my dad and his team...?
Musician A: I mean, sure... We can all dream, but reality isn't so kind.
Junior High School An (An): But what about your passion? Don't you need to keep that fire inside lit to make your dreams come true?
Musician B: Yeah, you have a point... But we're just not the kind of people to do anything great or groundbreaking, you know?
Musician A: But not you, An! You might actually pull it off, so we'll be rooting for you!
Junior High School An (An): Oh... Okay, thanks...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: I feel like things started to change after my dad retired and everyone started calling RAD WEEKEND “that legendary night”...
An: Even after I kept telling myself, “Yeah! I'm gonna be the one!”
An: Everyone started saying, “Nothing like that's ever gonna happen again,” and how, “It was on a completely different level.”
An: Which led to me not being able to find a partner or team since I kept telling everyone, “I'm gonna surpass RAD WEEKEND!”
An: There were so many people singing and playing music, but I'd become all alone somehow.
Rin: An...
An: Oh, except Akito... I think he was the only person I met who also kept saying the same thing as me.
Len: Cool! Way to go, Akito!
An: Hehe. Unfortunately, he'd already found a partner by that point.
An: I was so desperate to find someone who could chase after the same dream as me!
An: And that's when I met...
(White cut)
(Background change)
An: Huh?! Wait, now what?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
An: Oh, is it time to go back...?
Len: Looks like it.
Kohane: An.
An: Hey!
An: Kohaneee! I missed you so much!
Kohane: Eep! A-An?!
Toya: You sound like someone who's been united with a long, lost family member or something.
Akito: Yeah, don't you remember that we spent half of yesterday practicing together...?
Len: Haha. Cut her some slack. I mean, to An, Kohane's...
Rin: The best partner ever!
An: Hehe. Exactly!
An: (A lot of time's passed since that night...)
An: (But I have the best partner ever and a team who shares the same dream as me!)
An: Okay! Let's do our best again today! And keep doing everything we can to surpass RAD WEEKEND!
Kohane: Yeah!
Akito & Toya: Yeah. Yes.
(White cut)
