440_An Shiraishi_R4 Dressed In Pure White (event_60)

Gacha phrase: E-Everyone, I'm ready...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Diner]

Kawasaki: Everyone, here's to a job well done! Cheers!
Airi, Shizuku, Kohane & An: Cheers!
Kinuya: I'm so glad we managed to get through our shoot. We even managed to take some wonderful photos.
Kawasaki: Yes, we did! An, everyone, thank you all very much!
An: You're very welcome!
An: (I'm glad things turned out well too.)
An: (For a moment there, I tensed up trying to force myself to be a “real bride”.)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

An: (Luckily, Shizuku, Kohane and the others were there to help me overcome that. Plus, I had fun being a bride in a way that actually suits me.)
(Black cut)
Kinuya: Unfortunately, we have to get to our other gig soon, so if you'll excuse us.
Kawasaki: We already took care of the bill, so please stay as long as you like! Again, thank you very much for today!
An: Thank you as well! It's not every day that you get to wear a wedding dress and it was really fun.
Kohane: It really was! Thank you very much, Ms. Kawasaki.
Kawasaki: You're very welcome! Thank you both as well, Shizuku, Airi.
Shizuku: Of course. I'm glad we could be of service.
Airi: I really hope you do well in that contest!
Kawasaki: Thank you! Anyway, we'll see you later!
Airi: Alright, how about we stay and hang out a bit longer?
An: Okay! Now, what's left? I guess I should let my dad know that everything went well.
Shizuku: Oh, was your dad concerned about how today's shoot would go...?
An: Um, not exactly. More along the lines of, “Just make sure to do things right since you've accepted.” It's sort of his way of saying that I'll be fine.
Shizuku: Hehe. He seems like a wonderful parent.
Kohane: I'm so jealous, An. My dad hardly ever listens to anything I say.
An: What?! But you mean the world to your dad! What do you mean he doesn't listen?!
Kohane: The thing is... I told him that I was going to play a bridesmaid, but he misheard me and thought that I was going to be the bride.
Airi: Oh, I know how this one goes. The overbearing dad and his little girl...
Shizuku: It just means he cares about you just that much, no?
Kohane: I mean, I understand how he feels... And I really appreciate it...
Kohane: But he went as far as saying, “If you wear a wedding dress before your actual wedding, you're going to push back when you get married.”
Kohane: And he followed that up with, “But I don't mind waiting longer for you to get married, so I say go have a ball.” That was when my mom got mad at him...
An: Haha. I didn't know that. I can totally see your dad panicking after that.
Shizuku: Hehe. In my case, I'm not a parent, but I can certainly empathize.
Shizuku: If I ever saw Shii in a wedding dress, I'm not sure what I'd do with myself.
Airi: Shizuku, what are you going on about...?
Shizuku: But it'd be so sad to see Shii be taken away by someone as their bride...
Shizuku: Oh, if they live with us, then that wouldn't be an issue.
Airi: You might end up being a bigger nuisance than most mothers-in-law.
Shizuku: Huh?
An & Kohane: Hehe.
An: Oh, speaking of which, Airi, did you and Shizuku tell your families that you'd be models for this shoot?
Airi: Yeah, I did. But they said, “Have fun,” and, “Bring back some nice photos,” like it was just business as usual.
Airi: To be fair, I told them that I'd be working, so that may've been why.
Shizuku: Because your family knows that you always do your best when it comes to work.
Kohane: Oh wow...! That's so cool! They really believe in you!
Airi: Y-You think so?
Airi: What about you, Shizuku?
Shizuku: Yes, I told my family as well. My mom said, “Have fun.”
An: Really? That means she must also believe in you!
Kohane: That's incredible.
Kohane: Hang on... Does my dad act the way he does because he doesn't really believe in me?
An: Huh? I think your dad believes in you plenty, Kohane.
An: If he didn't, he'd still probably be against you performing in live events the way we do.
Shizuku: Oh, your dad was against you doing that?
Kohane: Yes. Initially, he was convinced that live houses were scary and dangerous places...
An: So, in order to unravel that perception, we invited him to come see us perform in an event.
An: Then, after seeing Kohane kicking butt, he decided to give us his blessing and support us!
Shizuku: That's so nice.
Kohane: Yes, I'm glad he understands now. Although, his level of concern for me does become a problem sometimes...
An: Of course he's concerned. You're always gonna be his little girl.
An: Hehe. Now I kinda want to see my dad fall into a state of total panic like yours did, Kohane.
Kohane: What? I can't even imagine him doing that...
An: No problem! What if I told him that I got a boyfriend or something next time?
Airi: Hey, no teasing your parents just because you wanna see how they react.
An: Yeah, point taken. Oh well...
Shizuku & Kohane: Hehe.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: Welcome! Oh, Kohane! Hi!
Kohane: Hello...
An's Father: Hey, welcome. What can I get you today?
Kohane: A cafe mocha, please.
An's Father: You got it.
An: Akito and Toya aren't here yet, so you can take the seats in the back while we wait!
Kohane: Okay!
An: Oh, hey! Welcome!
Regular A: Hey, An. You helping out today? You're such a good kid.
An: Aren't I? Your usual lunch, right? Set A?
Regular B: Yeah, thanks. I still can't believe how much you've grown, An.
Regular A: Same. Already a high schooler.
An: Hm? Hey, hold up. Why are you guys getting sentimental all of a sudden? Did something happen?
Regular A: No, it's just... We heard that you modeled as a bride is all.
Regular B: We've known you since you were little, so just thinking about you in a wedding dress gets us a little teary-eyed.
An: Hehe. Stop it, you guys.
An: Also, where did you hear about me modeling as a bride?
Regular A: Hm? From Kawasaki.
Regular B: Yeah, she's been bragging about how she took the perfect shot and has been showing everyone she knows.
An: What? Oh, Ms. Kawasaki...
Kawasaki: Hello! Is An here?
An: Oh, Ms. Kawasaki, welcome!
Regular A: Hey, speaking of which...
Kawasaki: Huh? Speaking of what?
An: We were just talking about how you've been telling everyone that I modeled for you.
Kawasaki: Oh, that! I mean, I got such a cute and gorgeous shot of you! Why wouldn't I want to show it to everyone around town?
Kawasaki: It's visual proof that you're all grown up, An. The little girl we all love so much.
An: I really appreciate it, but it doesn't make it any less embarrassing...
Kawasaki: Don't say that. You looked absolutely stunning.
Kawasaki: Oh, also! The results from the contest came in, so I'd like to talk with you some more. Are you free right now?
An: Sure, I think so... Um, Dad, can I take a quick break...?
An's Father: Yeah, go for it since it's pretty calm right now. Also, here's the cafe mocha your partner ordered.
An: Okay, thanks!
An: Kohane's here too, Ms. Kawasaki, so we can talk in the back!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage Stage]

An: Wait, you got an award?!
Kawasaki: Yes, I did. Here, this is my entry!
An: What?! This was when I saved Vivi!
An: But I thought you wanted to get a photo of a happy wedding, Ms. Kawasaki?
Kawasaki: You're right. However, I thought this photo best encapsulated the moment when “happiness brings everyone together”.
Kawasaki: The look of sheer relief on your face seeing that Vivi's safe, An... Along with the gentle smiles on Airi and Kohane's faces as they pick the leaves off your dress!
Kawasaki: And the way Shizuku's so subtly keeping you on your feet after you'd lost one of your heels is just so wonderful!
Kohane: Oh, you're right...
Kawasaki: Your kindness compelled you to act, An, with the groom supporting you and your friends watching over you with warm gazes...
Kawasaki: This photo tells me the relationship these four individuals have is going to keep blossoming into something magnificent.
Kohane: I think so too...! This was my first chance to really talk to Airi and Shizuku, but this photo makes it look like we're old friends.
An: Yeah, even though it was pretty much my first time ever meeting them...
Kawasaki: Hehe. It's a testament to how wonderful you all are as people.
Kawasaki: An, Kohane... Again, thank you for agreeing to model for me.
An: No, we should be the ones saying that! Thank you for giving us such a fun opportunity!
Kohane: She's right! If you ever need us to model again, feel free to ask.
Kawasaki: You really mean that?! Thank you!
Kawasaki: Oh, next time, instead of as models, I'd love to take photos of you two performing as musicians.
An: Oh, like when we sing during an event or something?
Kawasaki: Yes! I heard that you even put on your own event with some friends recently and how it was a big success.
Kawasaki: Grr... If only I'd known about that sooner. I would've wrapped up my other job and rushed back...
Kohane: Don't worry. We've actually been talking about doing more in the future.
An: Yeah, that's right!
An: We're gonna put on an even better event than last time, so stay tuned!
(Black cut)
