463_An Shiraishi_R4 Gentle Memories (event_64)

Gacha phrase: Aren't you gonna stay with me?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

An's Father: Welcome... Oh, it's you.
Taiga: Hey, is that any way to treat a customer?
An's Father: Alright, my loyal patron. What would you like?
Taiga: Whiskey...is what I want to say, but I'll have a coffee. Hot.
An's Father: Yeah, yeah.
(Background change)
An: Hi, Uncle Taiga!
Toya: Hello.
(Background change)
Taiga: Hey, I didn't know you guys were here.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Akito: We just finished practicing, so we're here to take a break.
Taiga: You guys practice during your days off? Aren't you all hard-working!
An: Hey, we're not little kids anymore.
Taiga: What are you talking about? Of course you are.
Taiga: Either way, I definitely think you guys have more moxie than most people around here...
Kohane: Hehe. Thank you.
An: Don't let him fool you, Kohane. That's just his way of pulling one over on you.
Taiga: Hahaha! I'm serious.
An: Really...?
An: Oh, that reminds me. Some stuff came up and I ended up telling everyone about how I ran away when I was little...
Taiga: Oh, that story...?! You really had the entire town in a panic that time.
An: Haha... So, when I started looking back on what happened...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Nagi: This is where we met Ken. Things weren't easy back then since he and Taiga didn't really get along at first...
(White cut)
Nagi: But everyone around town thought that they were good rivals and helped stop them from fighting. As a result, they began to understand each other better.
Nagi: Without them, we probably wouldn't be a team right now...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Taiga: Nagi said that...?
An: Yeah. That really stuck out in my mind and kinda want to hear more about what you guys were like back then.
Akito: I'd like to know as well...
Toya: We're a team, so the possibility of us having strong disagreements isn't zero.
Kohane: I'd like to hear too. Did you have conflicting ideas regarding your team's music?
Taiga: Yeah, we definitely had our fair share of disagreements when it came to how to interpret our music, the way we sang and whatnot...
An's Father: Pretty silly things in retrospect. Also, here's your coffee.
Taiga: Hey, thanks.
Taiga: And yeah... A lot of our disagreements and fights were about the dumbest things...
Taiga: However, back then, we weren't willing to bend on some things because of our convictions.
An's Father: Our convictions, huh...? I'm still not sure how to feel about that Hawaiian shirt of yours.
Akito: Hawaiian shirt?
An's Father: Yeah, he wore this unbelievably lame Hawaiian shirt one time to this really important event...
Taiga: Whoa, hold on. How many times do I have to tell you? That wasn't my idea... It was a gift from some people who helped me out, so I had no choice.
Taiga: The plan was to wear it during a big event and have them see me wearing it.
Taiga: And you're just as guilty. I still clearly remember how you wore these pathetic-looking socks that day.
An's Father: Hey, I told you on more than one occasion that those were a part of my lucky outfit...
An: Wait, Dad, you had a lucky outfit? What kind of socks were they?
An's Father: Oh, um...
Taiga: Oh, they were the kind of pair with a little design stitched into each sock.
Taiga: They had these cute, little glasses of cream soda embroidered into them, right?
Toya: Cream soda?
Taiga: That's right. Actually, they were...
An's Father: Whoa, stop right there!
Toya: Ken seems awfully flustered...
Akito: Now this is something we don't get to see every day.
An: Cream soda embroidery...? Wait, I've heard that before somewhere...
An: Oh, I remember now...! Mom gave them to you for your birthday!
An's Father: An, how...? That happened before we got married.
An: Hehe. I heard from Mom when I was little. We went out shopping together to get you a birthday present...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An's Mother: Before we were married, I gave your father socks this one time for his birthday.
Little An (An): Socks? Why?
An's Mother: He takes very good care of all the various outfits he wears during shows, including his flashy necklaces and such...
An's Mother: But he has a habit of losing individual socks because he doesn't show the same respect for them.
An's Mother: And he always ends up tossing the other from the pair, claiming that he can't wear them unless he has the matching set.
Little An (An): What?! Those poor socks!
An's Mother: Isn't it a shame? Which is why I figured that he'd take better care of them if he received a pair as a birthday present.
An's Mother: Hehe. Your father was in love with the cream soda this cafe in the neighborhood made, so I decided to get a pair with some glasses of them embroidered in.
Little An (An): Daddy likes cream soda? I thought he only drank really bitter coffee.
An's Mother: That's true now, but he couldn't get enough of sweets and sugary drinks back then.
Little An (An): Really? And did he take good care of those cream soda socks you gave him?
An's Mother: Yes, very!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: Right, Dad?
An's Father: Yes...
Kohane: That's such a beautiful story.
Toya: Yes, it is.
Taiga: Hahaha! But they still look terrible on you.
Taiga: I mean, you're so superstitious that you felt compelled to wear the socks that your then girlfriend got for you.
An's Father: Quiet, you...
An: Haha.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku)

[Street SEKAI]

An: ————! ——! ——!
An: ————! ——~~~!
An: (Alright, I'm on a roll again today!) 
An: (But I can do better... Much better...!)
(Black cut)
An: Whew...!
An: Hey, Miku! Were you listening just now?
Miku (VBS): Yes, you seem to be doing very well today.
An: That's because I am. Ever since I told that story about Aunt Nagi, I've been feeling great!
An: It might have to do with how I was reminded of just how much I admire her...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (VBS): I had a feeling that you were singing with somebody in mind...
Miku (VBS): But now I understand. You were thinking about her.
An: Yeah.
Miku (VBS): She really means that much to you, huh?
An: Yeah... She's really nice and used to play with me all the time. Kinda like a sister who's much older.
An: But whenever she sang, she shined brighter than anyone else and made the stage feel really far away despite it usually being right in front of me.
An: I've seen Aunt Nagi be everything from really nice to really funny...
An: But Aunt Nagi at her coolest became the person I came to really admire. She's the one who I placed on a pedestal.
Miku (VBS): The person you really admire?
An: Yeah. That's sort of what it comes down to...
An: I've been wanting to surpass RAD WEEKEND for the longest time, but I'd never thought about becoming better than Aunt Nagi until now.
Miku (VBS): I can see why.
Miku (VBS): She's your role model. It only seems natural for you to want her to outshine everyone.
An: Yeah...
An: But it might be time for me to grow out of that.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kohane: ————! ————~~~!!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nagi: ♪————————!!
Taiga & Ken: ♪————————!! ♪——!! ——!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: I still have a long ways to go...
An: If I want to keep singing alongside Kohane...
An: If I want to put on the best event ever and surpass RAD WEEKEND...
An: I have to stop putting Aunt Nagi on such a high pedestal.
Miku (VBS): That's good...
Miku (VBS): You seem to have a much clearer sense of what you want to do now.
An: Haha. That's because you were willing to listen, Miku.
An: Also, I realized that there's a huge difference between thinking and brooding.
An: I get that it's important to brood sometimes, but I always seem to get really lost or more confused.
Miku (VBS): Yes, you seemed quite lost that time...
An: I was. I guess it just isn't good for me to dwell on an idea for too long...
An: Which is why I'm thinking about taking action instead! I know that I'll have to sit down to think about things sometimes, but I wanna spend more of that time working on my singing!
Miku (VBS): Hehe. I agree. That suits you much better, An.
An: I know, right?! I guess I might start to brood over things down the line, but I'll just do what I can when that time comes.
Miku (VBS): I see no problem with that. I take it as a sign that you're mentally ready for such a moment.
An: Cool. Alright, I'm gonna stick with that!
Miku (VBS): You've grown so much, An.
An: Huh? I have?
Miku (VBS): Yes. I really like where you're at right now.
An: Haha. Stop, Miku, you're making me blush.
Miku (VBS): Hehe.
Miku (VBS): Also, An, you still plan on practicing on your own for a bit, right? Mind if I join you?
An: Of course! Here we go!
An & Miku: ————! ——! ——!
(Black cut)
