474_An Shiraishi_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I want to meet everyone's expectations!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 1-A]

An: Morning!
Mizuki: Oh, there you are. Morning, An.
An: What?! Mizuki?!
Mizuki: Heh heh heh. The look on your face is priceless.
An: Yeah, I mean, you're hardly ever at school bright and early.
An: Oh, does this mean you have supplementary classes?
Mizuki: Ugh... Please don't remind me...
Mizuki: What if I told you that the reason I'm here is to celebrate your birthday, An?
An: Yeah, yeah, thanks.
Mizuki: Aww... I thought you'd be a little happier than that.
An: That smug look on your face isn't helping...
An: But I do appreciate the fact that you're here to celebrate in person even after messaging me right when the clock struck midnight.
Mizuki: Well, I kinda owe you a lot after the School Festival and Sports Festival, you know...?
Mizuki: So, once more...
Mizuki: Here you are, An! Happy birthday♪
An: Thanks, Mizuki! And this box. The wrapping paper feels so nice.
Mizuki: Oh, good eye. Thanks for noticing. I made sure to choose something nice from my stock!
An: You did? I really don't want to tear it since the pattern on it's so cute...
Mizuki: Ah, you're in luck! I used masking tape, so you should be able to open it without tearing it.
An: Now that's what I call service! Whoa, you're right! It didn't tear at all!
An: Oh, mind if I keep going to see what's inside?
Mizuki: Of course. I can't wait to see how you react to it, An.
An: Alright, without further ado!
An: Oh, a ponytail holder! Nice! It looks really cool too!
Mizuki: Doesn't it? I thought that the blue and silver design would suit you really well!
Mizuki: I know you don't usually tie up your hair or anything, but why not try giving something like these a try every so often?
Mizuki: Also, I have a feeling Kohane and some others are gonna be pretty excited to see you with it on. She'll be all, “An, you look so much more mature compared to normal!”
An: Haha! Yeah, totally!
An: Thanks, Mizuki! I'll try using them sometime!
Mizuki: Great! And don't forget to tell me all about how Kohane reacts♪
Rui: Pardon the intrusion.
Mizuki: Huh? Rui?
An: And Tenma... Are you guys here for Mizuki?
Rui: No, Shiraishi, we're here to see you.
An: Wait, me?
Tsukasa: Yes, that's right. We heard that it's your birthday today, so we brought you a present to celebrate!
Rui: And in my case, you were a huge help during the Sports Festival.
An: What? But we were the ones who asked you to direct for the cheer squad, so I feel like we owe you a lot more...
Rui: For now, let's set aside those details. Would you mind taking this present off our hands?
An: Yes, of course. Thank you very much.
An: By the way, what's in this box? It's not very big, but it feels pretty heavy...
Rui: Hehe. That's for you to find out when you open it.
Tsukasa: Toya said that you'd all be celebrating as a team, so why not open it then?
An: Okay.
An: (I was wondering why they knew when my birthday was, but it was Toya who told them...)
Rui: Shiraishi, we look forward to working with you as we safely carry out tests and experiments in the future.
Tsukasa: We?
An: Safely?
Rui: Hehehe. Now then...
Tsukasa: It can't be easy being a hall monitor having someone like him around.
An: If you genuinely feel that way, you could try stopping him.
Tsukasa: My life would be so much easier if I could!
Mizuki: Haha! You're so quick to admit it!
Tsukasa: Anyway, happy birthday! I hope you and your team get to enjoy a wonderful birthday party!
An: Thank you! I'm sure we will!
An: I really wasn't expecting even them to wish me a happy birthday like this.
Mizuki: But I guess they sort of get that they've been causing you a bit of trouble...
An: If they understand that, then I really wish they'd just stop...
An: (Still, what could be inside the box that Kamishiro gave me?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school]

An: Bye, Mizuki. Good luck with supplementary classes!
Mizuki: Okay, bye. Have fun during your birthday party, An!
An: Thanks, I will!
An: Okay, before I head back to Dad's place...
Akito: Hm? You on your way over too?
An: Oh, perfect! There's something I need to relay to you.
Toya: Sure, what?
An: Kohane's on her way over here, so we're gonna meet up and head there together.
Toya: Okay, we'll let Ken know.
An: Great, thanks!
Akito: Alright, see you there.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama High School - School Gate]

An: Kohane should be here soon...
Kohane's Voice (Kohane): An!
An: Hey, Kohane...!
An: Huh...?
Minori: An!
Shizuku: Hello!
An: Wait...
An: Whaaat?!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Kamiyama High School - School Gate]

Kohane: An, thanks for waiting!
An: S-Sure, that's all good but...
Haruka: I take it you're surprised to see us here with her?
An: Well, yeah. You and Minori are one thing, Haruka, but Shizuku and Airi too!
An: I mean, is it really okay for idols to just show up somewhere like here without notice? A lot of the students are still here and...
Shizuku: Hehe. Don't worry. We just happened to be practicing today at a studio that's just near Kamiyama High.
Airi: Yeah. And by chance, we heard from Haruka that it's your birthday today, An!
An: By chance...?
Minori: That's right! Then, we found out that Kohane would be stopping by Kamiyama High, so we decided to tag along!
An: Haha! It'd be amazing if this were just one, big coincidence!
Haruka: It would, but there's one more thing. Here! We found this oddly present-like paper bag!
Airi: Oh, I wonder what's inside...!
Haruka: It's the thing that we thought would look really good on An.
Minori: Wow! I don't believe it! I had no idea that you'd brought those here with you, Haruka!
An: H-Hehe... Haha! It's just one coincidence after another!
Shizuku: Hehe. Yes, it is♪
Minori: Hehe. So, once again...
Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Happy birthday, An! An, happy birthday!
An: Thanks, Minori, Haruka!
An: And you too, Shizuku, Airi! I appreciate you going through all this trouble!
Airi: What trouble? I don't know what you're talking about, An.
Shizuku: Exactly. It's all just a big, happy coincidence.
An: Oh, you're all still gonna ham it up?
Everyone: Haha! Hehe.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

An: I'm here!
Akito: Hey, we're pretty much all set up over here. Whoa, hold up... What's with the luggage...?
Toya: Are those snack bags full of fruits and vegetables? I thought Ken was getting all those things ready...
Kohane: Hehe. A bunch of people from Vivid Street gave us these.
An: Yup. Every time we passed by the shop of someone we know, they'd be like, “Happy birthday, An! Here, take this!”
An: I'm gonna go hand these over to my dad. Hey, Dad!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage Stage]

Rin: <There we go! Hey, we came to visit!>
Len: <Rin, wait! You shouldn't shout like that!>
MEIKO: <After all those warnings we gave you before coming here too...>
Miku (VBS): <An, everyone, pardon the intrusion.>
An: Welcome! My dad's still getting the back ready, so it should be okay for you guys to talk.
KAITO: <Really? That's good to hear!>
Luka: <Yes, it is. It would've been a shame for us to have to whisper through a happy celebration such as this!>
Miku (VBS): <To be fair, they'll be over in SEKAI later, so why don't we save our best for then?>
Miku (VBS): <I mean, we're really just here to see what's going on with this birthday party.>
Rin: <True! And everyone from around town's supposed to stop by too, right?!>
An: Yeah! But there's something I should do before they arrive...
Akito: Something you should do?
An: Yeah. Kamishiro and Tenma gave me a birthday present and said that I should open it when we're celebrating as a team.
Akito: That box...
Kohane: Hehe. What do you think's inside?
Akito: Hang on... You know, don't you...?
Kohane: Huh?! Um... Well...
Toya & KAITO: (Ah, of course.) <(Aha, I see.)>
Rin: <Anyway, let's open it!>
An: Yeah, sounds good. So, here we go...
An: Whoa...! S-Something just popped out!
Kohane Doll (Kohane): <Happy birthday, An!> <Happy birthday, An!>
Rin & Len: <Is that...?!>
MEIKO & Luka: <A jack-in-the-box...?>
Miku (VBS): <Looks like it. There was that party popper sound, then all those snacks and that doll jumped out.>
Kohane Doll (Kohane): <Happy birthday, An!> <Happy birthday, An!>
KAITO: <Haha! That doll looks just like you, Kohane!>
An: Yeah, it does! And it's sooo cute!
Luka: <Also, this doll's voice... Isn't it the real Kohane's?>
MEIKO: <Which means...>
Kohane: Hehe. Emu asked me about helping with this little surprise.
Kohane: She said that Kamishiro was thinking about doing something for An and wanted me to help.
Kohane: But seeing it like this... It's a little embarrassing...
An: It is? But I love it! So thanks, Kohane!
An: (I'll have to thank Kamishiro and the others later.)
Akito: Alright, here are the snacks that flew out.
An: Thanks! Let's eat them once the party gets started!
Kohane: Okay!
Locals: Hello! Ken, An, we're here to party it up again this year!
Locals: Here's some of my homemade pickles!
Locals: Hold up! Who brings pickles to a party?!
An: Welcome, everyone!
An's Voice (An): And I really love your pickles, so I'm glad you brought them over again this year!
Locals: See?! This is proof that I understand her the best!
Rin: <An's so loved.>
MEIKO: <Hehe. She certainly is.>
An: Alright, everyone! We'll get started once my dad gets back!
Miku (VBS): <We'll be here to celebrate as well, albeit discretely.>
An: Awesome! Have fun!
An: Dad! Everyone's here!
Kohane: Hehe. An seems so happy.
Toya: Yes, she does.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000099/bg_s000099.png)
Mizuki: An!
Tsukasa, Rui & Mizuki: Happy birthday!
Tsukasa: We heard that our surprise went over very well! There really is nothing better than a jack-in-the-box when it comes to that!
Mizuki: What? I have to think they liked it because of the Kohane doll. FYI, I'm the one who designed her! I worked away at it while enduring Ena's endless criticism♪
Rui: Hehehe. In any case, we're glad that you enjoyed it so much. Also, the doll's voice can be turned on or off at any time, so you'll be able to hear Azusawa's voice whenever you like.
Haruka: Happy birthday, An!
Minori, Airi & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Airi: Have you already had a chance to try on the clothes we got you? We chose your present after discussing it at length together.
Minori: Yeah, we really did! We sorted through all these clothes that we thought would look great on you and managed to find the ones that made us go, “This!”
Haruka: Hehe. I really wasn't expecting our final choice to be a one-piece dress.
Shizuku: Me neither. We understand that cool and trendy is your style, but I thought that it'd be nice to get you something that you don't wear all that often.
Haruka: I get that you might be a little embarrassed at first, but we really think you'll look great in it. Please let us know what you think when you do get a chance to try it on.
Kohane: Happy birthday, An! Hehe. I'm glad you liked our surprise so much.
Kohane: Also, it was really fun to sing happy birthday with everyone!
Akito: Nobody gave me a heads up about that...
Toya: Yes, that's because I asked them to keep it a secret.
Akito: What? You...
Toya: Anyway, Shiraishi, happy birthday. I'm looking forward to what the future has in store for us.
Akito: *Sigh* Especially since this team can't move forward without you.
Kohane: Right! So let's keep singing together forever and ever, An!
(White cut)
(Background change)
An: So many people joined me to celebrate my birthday today...
An: I guess it's because they all care about me and really want me to succeed.
An: That means I have to keep doing my best and make sure I don't disappoint them!
An: Alright, here we go!
(White cut)
