507_An Shiraishi_R3 Nuanced Language (event_71)

Gacha phrase: It's just such a good song...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

[Shibuya Park]

An: Okay, Akito should be... Oh, hey, there you are!
Akito: Oh, you're here.
An: You said that the track's coming along nicely. Can I hear it? I really want to...!
Akito: Calm down. Yes, it's coming along, but I've only built its foundation.
An: Its foundation... So, like the drums and beat...?
An: Oh, you can leave coming up with cool ideas to me! I'm sure I'll think of something!
Akito: Okay. Anyway, I'll play it now.
(Black cut)
Akito: What do you think...?
An: Yeah, it totally goes with our “Silence & Action” theme!
An: Especially the “Silence” part! That was so awesome! It's like it resonated with my entire body!
Akito: Yeah, I did work pretty hard on that part.
An: Also... Hmm... Oh.
An: We might be able to capture “Action” better with the intro by having it start quiet, then explode!
Akito: What? But it already sort of does that.
An: I'm saying we can emphasize that more! It starts out quiet as it is, right? I think we can really make it pop after building up all that anticipation.
Akito: No, I... Wait, what do you mean...?
An: What? You know exactly what I mean. Start quiet and end with a bang!
Akito: So... How exactly do you want to make that happen?
An: How exactly...? Hmm... Can't we think of that together?
Kotaro: What in the world are you two talking about? Something about a quiet explosion...?
An: Kotaro! Were you listening to our conversation just now?
Kotaro: I only heard part of it. I got really confused after hearing, “Start quiet and end with a bang!”
Akito: We were working on the new song for our event, and this one started saying all these weird things.
Kotaro: Oh, that's what you guys were doing? Mind if I listen to it? I might get a better idea of what you're talking about if I did.
Akito: Sure, go for it.
(Black cut)
Kotaro: I see...
Kotaro: Yeah, now I understand. I guess it could have a better bang.
An: See? Kotaro gets it!
Kotaro: I think I do. Akito, you probably shouldn't hold back so much here.
Akito: Why is this my fault all of a sudden?! Ugh... Isn't there anyone else I can discuss this with?
An: Hey, what's that supposed to mean?! What's so bad about us?!
Kotaro: Yeah, what she said!
Tatsuya: Alright, you two. Quit teasing, Shinonome.
Akito: Finally, someone who'll understand... Please, help...
Arata: I decided to eavesdrop a bit since it seemed like you two were talking about something interesting. But I think An's trying to say how...
An: Yeah, that! Varying the tempo! It should sound a lot quieter in the beginning and...
An: We can increase the number of notes for the chorus. BOOM! Like a huge explosion of energy!
Akito: Why couldn't you say that before?! Ugh...
Arata: Still, you two seem to make tracks in a very interesting way.
Akito: We were just discussing how to make it better while listening to it.
An: But Akito was having trouble understanding what I was trying to say.
An: Honestly, you brushed off my comment like it was nothing but hung on Arata's every word.
Kotaro: Yeah, Akito, you big bully!
Akito: Tono's comment was completely different from what you two said!
Akito: Also, you started messing with me partway through.
An: Huh? No, I wasn't...
An: Still, Akito, you're pretty stubborn. I think you should relax and have more fun with this.
An: Anyway, back to our song!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: Humhumhumhuum♪
Regular: Hm? You seem pretty happy considering how you were asked to do all these menial tasks, An.
An: Oh, can you tell? The new songs for our next event are ready!
An: And they're off the hook! Right, Kohane?!
Kohane: Y-Yeah! They're really cool, and filled to the brim with everybody's thoughts and feelings.
Regular: Ah, is that so? Does “everybody” mean you all made them together?
Kohane: No, not me. I still don't really know how to write my own tracks...
Regular: I see. But what kinds of songs are they?
An: You'll just have to come to our event to find out! They're guaranteed to knock your socks off!
Regular: I don't mind going... But if I do, I'll be holding you to your word and expecting an incredible event.
Regular: Like the one Ken and his team put on.
Kohane: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Regular: Well, I guess it wouldn't be fair to expect that much...
An: Challenge accepted!
Kohane: An...
An: Yeah, we're still nowhere near our goal, and we have no idea if we'll be able to surpass RAD WEEKEND with our next event.
An: But we're always prepared to, and we sing like we mean it. Our new songs are also a testament to that!
An: My three teammates and I are serious about what we're doing. That goes for the other teams we'll be performing with too.
Kohane: ...
An: If you wanna see an event like the one you saw that night, then come see ours!
An: You won't be disappointed! I guarantee it!
Regular: H-Hahahah...! That's Ken's daughter for you!
Regular: I have a good idea of what your songs are like now, without having to go to your event.
An: Wait, was that your goal?! Were you egging me on to say what I just said?! You're awful!
Regular: Oh, relax. When you're my age, you feel the need to test a youngster's mettle. I meant no harm.
An: Okay, anyway... What's the verdict, my friend?
Regular: Well... I wouldn't mind seeing this event of yours.
An: Really?!
An: Awesome! That's a promise! I'll be waiting for you!
Regular: Of course. I'll be looking forward to seeing something special, An!
An: Okay, that means we'll need to practice even more! Right, Kohane?!
Kohane: *Nod* Right...
An: Also, sorry for making you wait like this. I know we agreed to practice today, but I've already finished washing the dishes, so once my dad gets back...
Regular: Hm? That sounds like Ken's motorcycle...
An: Yeah, you're right! Perfect timing♪
An: Kohane and I are gonna go practice! Can you tell my dad that I've finished washing the dishes?
Regular: Alright, fine. Have fun.
An: Okay, Kohane, we're gonna sing our hearts out again today!
An: All in order to surpass RAD WEEKEND!
Kohane: Yeah...!
Kohane: (The new song the others wrote, and how they feel, of course...)
Kohane: (They firmly revolve around surpassing RAD WEEKEND. They want to do that more than anything.)
Kohane: (That means I can't drag my feet...)
Kohane: (For everyone's sake... So that I can surpass RAD WEEKEND with them... I have to complete my song.)
An: What's up, Kohane...?
Kohane: Oh, it's nothing...
Kohane: Let's do our best during practice today, An!
An: Yeah!
(Black cut)
