555_An Shiraishi_R2 Limited Menu Survey! (event_79)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Holiday]

[Weekend Garage]

An: Sorry for making you guys stay after practice like this...
Kohane: No, that's okay. I didn't have any other plans today.
Akito: Anyway, what is it that you wanted to talk about? It didn't sound like it had to do with our event...
An: So, I've been wanting to take a survey.
Toya: A survey?
An's Father: It's almost Christmas, so we've been thinking about putting out a seasonal menu like we usually do.
An's Father: We're decided on chicken for the entree, but still haven't agreed on a dessert.
An: We have two candidates that are both really good.
An: So, we want to decide by asking what our regulars think!
Toya: I see. If that's the case, I'd like to help, but...
An's Father: I know that sweets aren't exactly your thing, so we won't force you to eat anything.
An: Yeah. I mean, that's what Akito's for!
Akito: What's that supposed to mean?
An: You have the biggest sweet tooth out of all of us! Therefore, we definitely need to see what you think.
An's Father: Anyway, give me one second while I go get the samples.
An: Oh, our candidates are honey waffles and French toast!
An: The honey waffles have whipped cream sandwiched between them and a nice helping of ice cream covered in berry sauce on top.
An: The French toast is a fairly standard affair. Crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside!
Kohane: Wow! Those both sound really yummy...!
Akito: If it's covered in berry sauce, you should be able to handle it, right?
Toya: Yes, I'd like to have some.
An: Speaking of which, have your families all started getting ready for Christmas?
Kohane: Yeah, it's not decorated yet, but we got our tree out already.
Toya: Yes, my mom's also started putting decorations up...
Akito: Isn't it still kinda early for that? We usually wait until the last minute.
An: Haha! Us too. This place sort of comes first, so we usually rush to get everything set up on Christmas Eve.
An: Oh, and does Santa Claus stop by you guys' places too?
Kohane: Hehe. Every year.
Kohane: My family's Santa usually asks these roundabout questions to see what I want for Christmas. I usually know what's going on, but I play along since it's so sweet of him.
Toya: I see. So that's how your family goes about that...
An: Does that mean Santa is more direct at your house, Toya...?
Toya: Yes, that's usually the case.
An: Really?! That means you get to ask for exactly what you want!
Kohane: What about your family, Shinonome?
Akito: We sort of do that too because Ena won't shut up if we don't.
Akito: And? What about you guys...?
An: Oh, us? Hmm... I don't think I've ever been asked what I want for Christmas.
An: And yet... I always seem to get what I want.
Toya: That's incredible. I suppose we shouldn't expect any less from Ke... I mean, Santa Claus.
An: I know, right...? How does he always know?
An's Father: Thanks for waiting. Here are your honey waffles and French toast.
Kohane: Wow...! These smell delicious!
An's Father: Toya, neither have syrup on them, so you should also be able to try some.
Toya: Thank you very much. I'm looking forward to trying them.
Akito: Alright, let's split them into quarters. Starting with the French toast.
Kohane: Okay!
An: Hey, Dad... There's something I wanna ask you.
An's Father: Shoot.
An: I always seem to get exactly what I want for Christmas, but I usually never say anything.
An: How does Santa Claus always know? Does Mom help out with that?
An's Father: You'll have to ask him yourself.
An: I'm in high school now. You don't have to hide it from me anymore.
An's Father: Hahaha. To us parents, you'll always be our little ones.
An: Yeah, I get that.
An's Father: Anyway, you should have some dessert too... Before they eat it all.
An: Grr. I'm gonna unravel the mystery of Santa Claus someday.
An's Father: Good luck.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: Alright... Let's get our Christmas party started!
An: Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
Regulars: Cheers!
(Black cut)
An: Okay, who still hasn't had stuff from our seasonal menu yet? I'll take your orders now!
Regulars: Oh, I'll have the chicken!
Regulars: Same here, An!
Regulars: Can we get three honey waffles for our table, An?
An: Got it! Two chickens and three honey waffles!
An's Father: Okay, sugar connoisseurs, your honey waffles are ready! Can someone carry them over for me?
Akito: Yes, I'll be right there!
An: Dad, we got more orders.
An: Toya, here's your matcha chiffon cake with no whipped cream! And EVER, here's your chicken!
Tatsuya: Great, thanks!
An: Let me know if you guys want refills! Also, I'll be right there to round up any dishes that need bussing!
Kohane: An, how do you feel?
Kohane: You haven't had anything to eat since we started, right? Do you want some of my waffles?
An: You mean it?! Then, I think I'll have a small bite.
Kohane: Hehe. Oh, your hands are all full. Here, open wide for the airplane...
An: Ahh... Mmm! Yum! Thanks, Kohane!
An's Father: Things seem much calmer now, An. Go ahead and relax for a bit.
An: Woohoo! Lemme just get the dishes out of the way first!
(Black cut)
An: I'm back, everyone! What were you guys all talking about just now? It sounded like fun!
Kohane: Oh, An, welcome back! We were just telling each other about our favorite foods.
Akito: Anyway, Mita was saying how he likes strawberries...
Kotaro: Yeah, they're best as is! I mean, I understand liking strawberry jam, but candy? Seriously, what's the deal with those?
Arata: Oh? I actually like both of those. Still, I'm not sure I like any particular foods to that degree.
Arata: Aside from chocolate parfaits, I do like rice omelets. Actually, I sort of see all foods with egg on top as those.
An: Really? Then, how about yakisoba with a fried egg on top?
Arata: No, I'm not sure even I could call that a rice omelet...
Tatsuya: If anything, it's a noodle omelet.
An: Haha! Yeah, that's true!
Akito: Still, I'm kinda surprised. I thought you'd have stronger preferences, Tono.
Arata: I get told that often. Soma likes to make quips about that as well.
Toya: Since we're on the subject, what are Soma's favorite foods?
Arata: Hm? He likes omelets. The sweet kind.
Tatsuya: So you both like eggs.
Arata: Not quite. I like rice omelets, not eggs themselves.
Akito: I don't really understand your reasoning... But whatever floats your boat.
EVER Member A: Oh, you guys should ask what Tatsuya likes. You might not believe it!
An: Really?! Then, mind if we ask?
Tatsuya: Huh? It's not that surprising.
Akito: So, what do you like?
Tatsuya: Squid sashimi.
EVER Member B: H-Haha...! It never gets old! He's such an old man!
Tatsuya: Hey, it just means I have a sophisticated palate.
An: Haha!
An: (The Christmas parties we throw always end up being fun...)
An: (But it's really fun this year since we're all getting to know each other a lot better!)
An: (Through these sorts of conversations, we'll grow closer and closer.)
An: (And eventually become performers who can put on a legendary event, like Dad and his team...!)
An: Hehe. Alright!
An: Kohane, it's time to kick the party up a notch! So, let's sing!
Kohane: Wait, now?!
An: Yeah!
An: You guys all having fun? I think it's about time we started singing!
Kohane: Wah! A-An, wait!
(Black cut)
