566_An Shiraishi_R4 Light Up The Slopes (event_81)

Gacha phrase: Woohoo! Over the finish line!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Shopping Mall]

An: Alright, we're at the mall. Let's start doing some shopping!
Kohane: We're here to buy stuff for when we go to stay at your dad's friend's lodge in the mountains, right?
Kohane: But is there that much we need...?
An: Yeah! Snacks, drinks, sweets and such!
Kohane: Wait, don't snacks and sweets fall under the same category?
An: No way! We need snacks for the drive over and sweets for after we get there♪
Kohane: Oh, An.
Kohane: Still, it's really nice that the four of us all get to go since the camping trip we went on was so much fun.
An: Definitely!
An: We've been so busy with events and stuff lately, so it'll be nice to spread our wings and relax during New Year's.
An: Plus, we learned during our camping trip that doing stuff as a team matters a lot.
Kohane: Yeah! And performing at the lodge should be a good experience for all of us.
An: Not only that... Skiing!
Kohane: Yeah. Oh, but...
An: Is something wrong, Kohane...?
Kohane: So... I went skiing when I was really little, but haven't since... I'm not sure how I'll do after so long...
An: Is that all? You'll be fine! I'll help you brush up when we're there!
Kohane: You will? Wait, An, I thought you wanted to go snowboarding.
An: I do, but Toya's also a beginner, so we should help each other out until we all get the hang of things!
Kohane: You mean it? Thanks, An!
An: Now, let's start getting everything we need to make our skiing trip as fun as possible!
An: That includes the snacks I just mentioned, but we're also gonna need some cold-weather gear.
Kohane: We'll be warm once we're on the slopes, but it's probably going to be cold otherwise.
An: Then, wanna get some hand warmers? Let's see... Which shop sold daily necessities... Hm?
An: Kohane, check this out! It's an electric hand warmer!
Kohane: Oh, it's a rabbit and a bear! That's so cute! I didn't know they made these!
Kohane: And this one looks like a macaron.
An: Cool! Do you think Akito would try to eat it if we hid it in our sweets pile?
Kohane: Hehe. I know he has a sweet tooth, but I'm sure he'll realize what it is after he sees it.
An: Haha. Yeah... But it's hilariously cute, so let's get it anyways!
An: That just leaves... Oh, they have warm and fluffy socks! We should get some to make sure our toes stay warm.
An: Also, I almost forgot! Wanna get some games that we can play at the lodge after it gets dark? I have cards already, so how about a board game or something?
Kohane: Um, that sounds like a lot to carry.
An: Don't worry! We're gonna rent all our skiing equipment over there, so one or two board games won't hurt!
An: Anyway, what else is there...? Oh, this blanket's adorable! And big! We can probably use it together, Kohane, so I'll grab this too!
An: Do you know what you're gonna buy, Kohane? Anything you like?
Kohane: Then, I'll get some of those socks you just got.
An: Yeah, these do look nice! And they feel so soft!
An: They come in a few different designs. Which do you wanna get?
Kohane: Um... What if I got the one you chose but in a different color?
An: I don't mind, but I think some of these other really cute ones would suit you better...
Kohane: I just thought that it might be fun to have matching pairs...
Kohane: I know this is different from when we do a show... Or do you think it'll be too embarrassing...?
An: K-Kohane...!
Kohane: Wah!
An: No, I won't be embarrassed at all! So, let's get matching pairs!
An: While we're at it, wanna get matching scarves and beanies?
Kohane: Really? Hehe. Then, let's take a closer look at what they have to offer...!
An: Okay! I hope we can put together some really cute outfits.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Ski Resort]

An: ...
Akito: ...!
An: (He's definitely still got it... However...!)
An: It's go time...!
Akito: What the...?!
An: Whoa! That was close...! Anyway... Woohoo! I won!
Akito: Geez... You wanted to win so badly that you almost couldn't stop.
An: I went up a gear because I had a feeling that I could! And I stopped in time, didn't I?
Kohane: An, Shinonome, welcome back!
An: Hey! How's skiing going? Are you having fun?
Kohane: Yeah, we just managed to get down the top of the bunny slopes together.
Akito: Hm? Did you guys use the chairlift?
Toya: No, we walked...
Toya: We've both figured out how to actually ski, but I still don't feel great about going on the chairlift...
An: Right. But at least the skiing's fun, right?
Toya: Yes, it is.
Akito: Then, why don't we all go down something together to finish? I wanna see how much you two have improved.
An: Yeah, let's go!
Kohane & Toya: Okay. Sure.
(Black cut)
An: Man, snowboarding was so much fun.
An: Not only that, Kohane, Toya, you two have improved so much since you started practicing!
Kohane: Hehe. That's because you guys were great teachers.
Toya: I agree. I never imagined that I'd learn to ski this well.
Akito: That's good to hear. Anyway, what are we gonna do after this?
An: Well, Dad's supposed to come pick us up, but he might not be here for a while.
An: And we already returned all the stuff we rented, so wanna just keep hanging out?
Akito: Hang out...? What's there to do...?
Toya: I suppose we could have a snowball fight since we normally don't get such an opportunity to.
An: Yeah, let's do that! Wanna split into teams of two?
Akito: Okay. But who's gonna be with who?
An: Hmm... Snowball fights aren't exactly your strong suit, right, Kohane?
Kohane: Y-Yeah... I can dodge snowballs just fine, but throwing them is a separate issue...
Akito: You should be fine as long as you can dodge them. So, we can start with us teaming up.
An: Hey, I wanted her on my team. But I guess that makes things more balanced.
An: So, Toya, let's do our best to completely cover Akito in snow!
Toya: Yes, let's.
Akito: Wait, why just me?
Kohane: Um... I promise to do my best, Shinonome!
Akito: Alright, don't go easy on An. She'll be in tears once we're done with her.
Kohane: What?! I-I'm not sure I want to go that far...
Toya: By the way, how do we decide who wins? I don't really know the rules for this...
Akito: Well, we have teams of two... So, let's just make it something simple. How about if you get hit five times, you're out?
An: Yeah, that sounds good! Is that okay with you two?
Toya: Yes, let's go with that.
Kohane: Yeah! Hehe. This is going to be so much fun...
An: Then, let's get started...
Akito: No, let's practice first and give ourselves time to come up with a plan.
An: Huh? I get strategizing. But practice...?
An: (Actually, we probably should if we want Toya to get the most out of this experience...!)
An: Okay! Let's take some time to practice. Also, to make snowballs!
Akito: Alright. Then, let's start brainstorming.
Kohane: Okay! We aren't going easy on you guys, An!
An: Hehe. Neither are we! Right, Toya?
Toya: Right. Let's start planning.
An: Okay!
(Black cut)
