596_An Shiraishi_R4 Look Up To An Incredible Sight (event_86)

Gacha phrase: Kohane... You're amazing.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Crawl Green]

Arata: Now, I hope our negotiations today go well...
An: Me too! I'm gonna give you all the support I can, so let's do our best!
Arata: Hm? You sound rather energized, An.
An: I volunteered to do this, so I feel that I need to see to it properly.
An: (Also...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Akito: Anyway, if we do get to sing at Crawl Green, I promise to put on a performance that's going to floor everyone there.
Kohane: I'll be there with you! After all, we're teammates!
Toya: She's right. I'll be right next to you as well. We can rewrite history, together.
An: Yeah, let's put on a show that totally erases what happened back then.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: I have a feeling that we're gonna get the green light today.
Arata: Same. Especially since we have “that” ready this time.
An: Yeah, that's right! After he sees that, I'm sure he'll...
Owner of Crawl Green: Ah, sorry about the wait.
An: Hi! Long time no see!
Owner of Crawl Green: I really wasn't expecting you to join him for this, An. However, don't think that I'm going easy on you just because we've known each other for a long time...
An: I know! What's the point if we're not actually good enough, right?
Owner of Crawl Green: Yes, my point exactly.
Owner of Crawl Green: So, since you brought an additional negotiator this time, I have to believe that you have some new information for me.
Arata: Yes, we do. Remember how we discussed our second event last time? It was called “JET”.
Owner of Crawl Green: Ah, yes... I've been hearing good things about that.
Owner of Crawl Green: In particular, my regulars have been raving about the new song An and her team performed at the start.
An: My teammate, Toya, wrote it. It was actually the first time we performed one of his songs.
Owner of Crawl Green: The first time...?
An: Yeah! He'd written a few up until then, but he wasn't happy with any of them. As a result, we never got a chance to sing them.
An: But he's a classically trained musician, so he has an amazing feel for music!
An: I got goosebumps just after hearing the demo for that song!
Arata: It was so well made that we actually ended up shuffling around our set list to accommodate it.
Owner of Crawl Green: Interesting... Then, I'd very much like to see what this second event of yours was like.
Owner of Crawl Green: You brought a video of it today, no?
Arata: Oh, was it that obvious?
Owner of Crawl Green: You did hint at it quite a bit. Anyway, you can pop it in over there.
An: Thanks! We'll do that right now!
(Black cut)
Owner of Crawl Green: ...
An: ...
An: (I've listened to it a bunch of times already, but Toya really did write an amazing song. The owner's also watching really intently...)
An: Do you think we should make a bigger point of the songs we chose or how everyone performed and stuff?
Arata: Hmm...
Owner of Crawl Green: ...
Arata: No... I think just letting him watch what happened will be quicker.
An: Okay...!
(Black cut)
Owner of Crawl Green: Okay. Is that it?
An: Y-Yeah! Thanks for watching it.
An: (Oh no, he doesn't look all that impressed... So he wasn't totally moved by what he just saw?!)
An: (Hey, Arata, we might be in trouble!)
Arata: (Don't worry. There's no need to fret.)
Arata: So, what did you think...?
Owner of Crawl Green: When...?
An: Huh...?
Owner of Crawl Green: Your event. When do you want to do it?
An: Wait, does that mean...?!
Arata: See? We're fine.
An: ...!
An: Yay! We did it♪
Owner of Crawl Green: Now, we have a lot to discuss, so let's get down to business.
An: Okay!
An: (We did it, you guys! We get to perform at Crawl Green...!)
An: (Just wait! We'll be right there with the good news!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Vivid Street]

Crepe Shop Lady: An, here's your crepe with bananas and chocolate!
An: Whoa! So much whipped cream! Your crepes always look amazing!
Crepe Shop Lady: And here's yours Kohane! Strawberries with whipped cream! Good luck with your event!
Kohane: Th-Thank you very much! We promise to do our best!
An: Let's eat these over there, Kohane.
Kohane: Okay!
(Black cut)
An: Mmm! Her crepes are so amazing!
Kohane: Yeah, they're filled to the brim with whipped cream, but these big strawberries also give it a lot of volume.
An: Actually, Kohane, I don't think I've ever had that one before.
Kohane: Hehe. Would you like a bite?
An: Really?! Then, I'll take a nibble out of this part.
An: Mmm! The whipped cream goes so well with these strawberries!
An: Thanks for that, Kohane! In return, want some of my banana and chocolate crepe?
Kohane: Okay. Then, how about this part...
An: Haha! You can have more than that!
An: How about here? It looks like a yummy clump of bananas and chocolate, so stick your spoon right in.
Kohane: Are you sure? Then, if you don't mind...
Kohane: Mmm...! Hehe. It's so yummy.
Kohane: An...? Oh, is there something stuck to my face?
Kohane: Is there some cream on my cheek?
An: No, it's not that. I just like how much you're enjoying it.
An: Want another bite? How about this part? It's loaded with whipped cream!
Kohane: But there won't be any left for you if I keep eating it.
An & Kohane: Hehe. Haha.
(Black cut)
An: Whew! That was delicious!
Kohane: You're done already, An? I'm still working on mine...
An: That's okay. We still have plenty of time.
An: Still, Kohane... You seem totally at home here now.
Kohane: You mean Vivid Street?
An: Yeah. You know pretty much everybody at every shop around here now, right?
Kohane: I know about most of the shops, but there's still a couple that I haven't been to yet.
Kohane: Like the cafe that's right next to Weekend Garage...
Kohane: It has this sort of mature feel to it and I'm sure it's also really nice inside, but I always end up going to Weekend Garage instead.
An: Oh, there! My dad said that it's been there since he was a kid.
An: That's the place with the cream soda he liked.
Kohane: Really?! It's that cafe? I really want to go now...
An: Then, let's all go check it out together sometime!
An: Oh, their coffee, tea and curry are also supposed to be really good! Not just the cream soda! Despite being a cafe, they give you really big portions...
(Black cut)
An: Alright, that's everything I had planned for our little date! How was it? Did you have fun?
Kohane: Huh...? Wait, this was a date?
An: Yeah. I came up with a special plan that included you smiling and having some delicious food!
Kohane: An...
Kohane: Thank you so much. I feel much better now.
An: You do? Awesome!
An: Then, all that's left is our meeting at Crawl Green...
An: Whoa, we don't have much time...! Kohane, let's start heading over!
Kohane: Okay!
(Black cut)
