688_An Shiraishi_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: I have to remember this special day.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[An's birthday]

[Crase Cafe]

Miku (VBS): Is everyone ready?
Rin, Luka & KAITO: Yeah!
Kohane: We're ready too.
MEIKO: Alright then. I'll light the candles.
Rin: Blow them all out, An!
An: Okay! You got it!
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Okay, here we go.
Miku (VBS): Happy birthday, An!
Kohane, Akito & Toya: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Everyone: Happy birthday!
An: Thank you, everyone! *Blow*
Luka: Happy birthday, An♪ Okay, cake time! C'mon, let's cut it up!
Len: Someone's a little too eager for a slice.
Akito: Says the one who's already got a fork in his hand.
Len: Oops. You got me.
An: Hahaha! I'm just as excited as you are. This rum raisin pound cake looks so yummy, I can barely sit still!
MEIKO: Thank you, An. Truthfully, I think a more typical birthday cake would've been better though...
MEIKO: The candles don't really match, do they?
An: That's nothing! I couldn't be happier. This thing's stuffed with rum-soaked raisins!
MEIKO: I'm glad to hear that. Makes me feel better knowing that the birthday girl approves.
KAITO: By the way, I used the leftover ingredients to make rum raisin ice cream, so feel free to have some for dessert.
Akito: Hold on, doesn't the pound cake also count as a dessert?
Kohane & Toya: Hehe.
MEIKO: Alright then, I'll cut the cake. There's plenty of food and snacks to go around, so don't hold back, okay?
An: Okey dokey! Let's eat!
Rin: Oh, MEIKO! Please make sure to cut all the slices the same size except for An's piece!
Luka: Yeah! An's the birthday girl, so she can get the biggest piece♪
An: Wait, are you sure? Then a big slice for me please, MEIKO!
MEIKO: Alright. Coming right up.
Miku (VBS): But... Are you gonna be okay eating that much?
Miku (VBS): Didn't you say you were going to have another celebration with your other friends?
An: I did, but there's still loads of time until then, so it's all good!
Toya: Well yes, but perhaps don't overdo it.
Akito: If she stuffs herself until she can't move, we can just leave her behind.
An: Hey! You'd seriously just up and leave without the birthday girl?!
Kohane: Don't worry, An. I'd never leave you behind.
An: K-Koohaanee...! You seriously are the best!
Kohane: Hehe. Oh, An.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Scramble Crossing]

An: Let's see... So we're supposed to meet up around here, right?
Akito: Yeah. Oh, there they are.
Mizuki: Hey, you guys!
An: Hey Mizuki! Hello Ena!
Ena: Nice to see you all again. Thank you for going out of your way to invite me.
An: Not a problem at all! Thank you for coming, even though you're so busy with art studies!
Akito: I don't know about “busy”...
Akito: Ow!
Mizuki: Ah...good ol' sibling affection.
An: So true!
An: By the way, you were the one who organized everything, right, Mizuki? Thank you for booking the cafe and planning all of this.
Mizuki: Hm? Oh, yeah... Let's talk about that more later♪ We gotta start heading over to the cafe.
An: Oh, right. We've got people waiting for us over there, don't we!
An: Wouldn't want to make them wait, so let's—
???: Halt! You there...it is your birthday today, is it not?!
An: Huh...?
Mizuki: Oh! Look who it is!
Happy B'Day Green (Nene): “P-Providing negative air ionization and comforting songs! Happy B'Day Green!”
Happy B'Day Purple (Rui): “Bringing you an explosive celebration and performance! Happy B'Day Purple!”
Happy B'Day Orange (Tsukasa): “Blazing with celebrative energy that can rival the sun! Happy B'Day Orange!”
Happy B'Day Orange (Tsukasa): “And together we're...”
Happy B'Day Rangers: “The celebration squad, Happy B'Day Rangers!”
Mizuki: Hahaha! You three are the best♪
An: U-Umm... What are you all doing?
Tsukasa: Isn't it obvious? We are here to give you a surprise show! You were on the way to meet us at the cafe, right?
Tsukasa: But that was all part of the surprise! How was it? I'm sure you found yourself astounded.
An: Well it sure was different to what I was told... I was really surprised to see you all suddenly start dancing at a place like this...
Nene: Surprised? Are you sure you don't mean put off? See? This is why I was against it...
Rui: But Emu had so kindly come up with this idea for us. I didn't want her efforts to go to waste.
Kohane: I heard that you were all coming, but I didn't know that you'd be putting on a surprise show for us!
An: Y-Yeah! I was so surprised that I couldn't react properly!
Akito: Liar. You cringed like any regular person would.
An: N-No I didn't!
Ena: Anyway, we should be getting a move on. We're also attracting a lot of attention right now...
Mizuki: Good idea! Alright then, to the cafe we go♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Cafe]

Mizuki: Ta-da! This cafe was picked out by Ena and yours truly♪
An: This is the place that has those cupcakes with the really cute decorations, right?
Mizuki: Yup! Also, there's a small flower garden at the back of the cafe too.
Tsukasa: Oh, I didn't know that.
Ena: It's really pretty, so shall we take a group photo there later?
An: Yes, I'd love that!
Waiter: Booking for Mizuki, your table is ready. Please come this way!
Akito: Hey, our table's over there.
Mizuki: Alright everybody, go all the way in. Oh, you take the front, An♪
An: Don't mind if I do!
An: Hang on... Aren't there a little too many seats?
Kohane: It's okay, An. That's because—
???: Those seats are for us.
An: Ah...!
An: Haruka! And you guys too?!
Shiho: Happy birthday, Shiraishi.
An: Wow! Hinomori, you're here too!
Shiho: Yeah. Kohane, Minori and Kiritani invited me.
An: Wow! Thank you for coming!
An: Oh my gosh, I didn't expect the members of MORE MORE JUMP to be here too! Especially since you're all so busy!
Airi: Well, our birthday celebration organizer asked us to save the date for this afternoon in advance.
Minori: Right, Haruka?
An: Wait, organizer? Mizuki, I thought you were the one who organized all of this?
Mizuki: Heh heh heh, I was just a mere helper. The true person behind all of this is Haruka♪
Haruka: I don't know about that since all I did was contact you, Mizuki. Without you and the others, I wouldn't have been able to put this together.
Haruka: Especially since I didn't know who An was close with from Kamiyama High.
Shizuku: That's why we asked for Mizuki's help to invite everyone from Kamiyama High.
An: I didn't realize!
An: You did all of this for me even though you're all so busy...
Haruka: Well it is for my best friend's birthday after all.
An: What...?
An: W-W-Wait, hold on! D'aw... Why're you doing this to me!
An: This is us we're talking about. You didn't have to do this much for me.
Haruka: You may think that, but...
Haruka: Regardless of whether we haven't spoken in a while or we suddenly decide to meet up...
Haruka: No matter what happens, you always come meet me with a smile on your face.
An: W-Well, yeah. I mean you're my best friend. Of course I'd do that...
Haruka: Hehe, thank you.
Haruka: But...in hindsight of what happened recently, I felt like it wasn't fair for you to always spoil me with your kindness.
An: Spoil you...? I never saw it like that though...
Haruka: I know. But I also knew you were going to say that.
Haruka: Which is why I want to tell you this properly...
Haruka: An... Thank you so much for always being a great friend and being there for me.
Haruka: Let's continue to be best friends forever!
An: ...!
An: What are you talking about? Of course! You're both my best friend and rival, Haruka!
Kohane: An... Haruka...
Minori: T-That is so sweet!!!
Tsukasa: It is! What a wonderful friendship!
Nene: That's so nice...
Rui: Agreed.
Mizuki: I'm happy for you, An.
Mizuki: Alright, everyone! This celebration is far from over♪
Airi: You said it! I'm starving and ready for some post-work eats.
Tsukasa: We have also just finished practice, so we too, are famished.
An: Hahaha! Then we better get ordering!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000215/bg_s000215.webp)
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Shiraishi! I'm glad that the surprise successfully put a smile on your face! There is nothing else that could satisfy me more.
Nene: Not sure if we can call the surprise a success...
Nene: Um... Shiraishi, I guess we may have “surprised” you but please know that our birthday wishes came from the heart.
Rui: Hehe. Please do come and watch one of our shows sometime. I hope you have a wonderful birthday.
Ena: Happy birthday, Shiraishi. Thanks for letting me be there to celebrate with you. It was so lively and I had a lot of fun.
Mizuki: See, I told you it'd be fun! Me, Rui and the others worked hard putting on that surprise, you know♪
Mizuki: An, happy birthday! You've always helped me out in class, so I wanted to express my gratitude!
Mizuki: So, how was it? Did you have fun? See you around at school!
Minori: Once again, happy birthday, An♪
Shiho, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Airi: It's amazing to see so many people come and celebrate with you, An. I guess you're just that loveable.
Shizuku: She really is. We all had so much fun at the party. It has become a wonderful memory for me too.
Shiho: We only just got to know each other but I'm glad I was there. We also got to talk about music and stuff.
Minori: Hehehe. Birthday parties are super fun and lively with so many people♪
Haruka: Yes. I'm glad that everyone there was able to have a great time.
Haruka: An, happy birthday. As your best friend, I'm always here.
Toya: Happy birthday, Shiraishi.
Kohane: Happy birthday!
Akito: Happy birthday. Also, how many more times have we gotta say this?
Toya: As many times as we wish. It is her birthday, after all.
Kohane: Yeah!
Kohane: Happy birthday, An! I know lots of your close friends were there at the celebrations, but...
Kohane: I'm going to keep working hard to be the best partner you could ever have, okay? Look forward to it!
(White cut)
(Background change)
An: *Sigh* That was so much fun.
An: From my teammates to friends and even my seniors at school... Having so many people to celebrate my birthday with just makes me so happy.
An: Hehe. I better treasure today's memories.
An: Thank you so much for all of the birthday wishes! I'll be counting on your support!
(White cut)
