697_An Shiraishi_R3 Once In A While (event_103)

Gacha phrase: You were so cool, Kohane!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi)

[Vivid Street]

An: (That hall monitor meeting really dragged on.)
An: (Lunch service at the cafe's probably gonna be over by the time I get there.)
An: Oh...
Ramen Shop Owner: Hey, An...
An: Hey! Long time no see! Sorry it's been so long since I last came by the shop.
Ramen Shop Owner: No, that's all good...
Ramen Shop Owner: ...
Ramen Shop Owner: An, I'm...
An: Sorry, gotta go! I promised to help out at the cafe!
An: (I couldn't look him in the eye... Not only that, he seemed a little hesitant about talking to me too.)
An: (Everyone around here is probably aware that I know the truth about Aunt Nagi now...)
An: (I made the decision to keep moving forward, and I told Dad everything that he needed to hear.)
An: (Which is why I want to talk with all the locals the same way I always have...)
An: ...
An: (But I guess I haven't sorted out my feelings as well as I think I have.)
An: (It's been awkward serving them at the cafe too...)
An: (No, stop...! Things feel awkward because you make them awkward!)
An: (You just have to treat everyone the way you always have. I know you can do that much.)
An: So...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Weekend Garage]

An: I'm back...!
An's Father: Hey, welcome back.
An's Father: No customers at the moment. I closed a little early since we sold out during lunch.
An: Really? Oh, right. The sign out front said, “Closed”.
An's Father: So, are you having trouble talking to everyone around town...?
An: Oh...
An: Yeah, I sorta am... I keep clamming up for some reason. It's like I don't know how to face them...
An: But don't worry! I just need a little time to figure things out! I'll have things back to normal in no time!
An's Father: ...
An's Father: You shouldn't have to say any of this. I mean, it's our fault for putting you in this situation.
An: Dad...
An's Father: Okay, why don't we do this? You don't have to help out here for a while.
An: What?! But you'd have to do so much more work!
An's Father: Don't mind me. You reap what you sow, right?
An's Father: And you and your team spoke about trying to find more time to practice, right?
An: Yeah, we did...
An: But are you sure about this...?
An's Father: Yes. You should focus on what you want to do right now.
An's Father: You can think about all this other stuff when you feel the time is right.
An: Then, I'll do that...
An: Thanks, Dad.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO: Welcome, everyone.
Miku (VBS): Are you practicing here again today?
An: Yeah, since my dad isn't supposed to start joining us for a little bit.
Rin: Is he still cleaning and packing everything up?
An: There's that, but also something else.
Akito: He needs time to come up with what we should do when we practice and all that.
Kohane: Yeah. He even said that...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An's Father: I'm going to take this opportunity to teach you all everything I can.
An's Father: In other words, I'm betting on you using all that I have at my disposal.
An's Father: However, you're going to have to fully commit yourselves to singing and staying in shape. I'll be running you all ragged until you can't stand any longer, every single day.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rin: Y-You're not gonna be able to stand?!
An: He didn't mean that literally. He was just making a point.
Rin: U-Uh, right! Still, what's he gonna have you guys do...?
Akito: He mentioned physical fitness, so I'm guessing he's gonna have us run and stuff...
Kohane: Run...? That's a little worrying for me since I don't have as much stamina as the rest of you guys.
Toya: I'm worried as well... It may be good for us to do some conditioning before we start practicing with Ken.
Rin: Then, we can have another footrace! I promise to give it everything I have again!
Miku (VBS): Everything you have...? Didn't you only cheer last time?
Rin: Cheering's important, right?!
An: Yeah, you and Len both did a ton of cheering for us that time.
Kohane: I'd really like to have that again since I'm not sure if I'd be able to finish the course all on my own.
Rin: See what I mean?!
Miku (VBS): Strength training may also be included in what he said.
An: Yikes... Strength training...
MEIKO: Hm? Is that not really your thing, An?
An: I mean, I don't hate it or anything...
An: But it's so boring to do the same thing over and over again, you know?
MEIKO: Ah, I see...
Akito: That's your reasoning...?
Kohane: *Whimper* I feel even less sure about strength training than I do about running...
Kohane: An, let's try to do our best together if your dad makes us do that.
An: I don't feel great about it, but if it means us becoming better singers... Let's do our best together, Kohane!
Rin: Then, what about singing practice? Did An's dad say anything about that?
Toya: No, he hasn't given us any details regarding that.
Miku (VBS): Your dad's watched you sing a number of times before, right, An? Can you make any guesses based on that?
An: Hmm... He taught me how to sing when I was really little, so... I remember him talking about maintaining a good posture and how to project my voice.
Miku (VBS): Okay, so the basics.
MEIKO: Hehe. Practicing the basics is incredibly important. A good foundation can greatly affect how you adapt to specific situations.
An: Well, we've all made the commitment to deal with whatever he throws at us!
An: There's gonna be some growing pains, but we just gotta do our best and keep each other's spirits up!
Kohane & Toya: Yeah! Yes.
Akito: Then... What if he asks us to do three sets of a hundred squats?
Akito: Just squatting down and standing back up for who knows how long.
An: Oof... I don't know how long I'll be able to handle the silence...
An: Um... Can we chat or listen to music while we do it?
Toya: You're more concerned about that? I thought you'd be worrying more about completing such a grueling workout.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Oh, An.
An: Haha.
(Black cut)
