719_An Shiraishi_R4 Perfect Score, Perfect Smile (event_107)

Gacha phrase: Ta-da! Check it out!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - Empty Classroom]

Tsukasa: Hm... Gnh...
Tsukasa: Gnnargh!!! I'm too tired!!! I can't study anymore!!!
Mizuki: Wah! Tsukasa exploded again!
Rui: My, is it that time already? Tsukasa is such a reliable timekeeper.
Rui: Well then, I suppose it's time for a break.
Toya: I think it is... Akito and Shiraishi seem tired too...
An: A...break...? Yay...
Tsukasa: I'm...at my limit... I'm going for some fresh air on the rooftop...
An: Oh, I might join you... My brain's barely functioning...
Rui & Mizuki: See you soon!
Mizuki: Li'l Bro? Aren't you gonna join them?
Akito: I'll pass. I don't want to move right now...
Rui: Hehe. You're looking a little flushed. Why don't I open the window for a while to help you cool off.
Akito: I'd like that... Thank you...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rooftop]

An: Oh, it's so cool! I feel so much better.
An: You can see clubs practicing from here. Look! The soccer club's having a practice match.
Tsukasa: I don't think I've ever felt this much envy for a sports club. This makes me want to move around...
An: I know, right...? If only we were having supplementary P.E. classes...
An: But, I guess just going outside like this is a good enough change of pace.
Tsukasa: I suppose. But... The thing is...in weather as lovely as this...
An: ...? Tenma?
Tsukasa: I... I want to do my vocal exercises, NOOOOOOW!!!
An: Argh!!! What's got into you all of a sudden?!
Tsukasa: Apologies. I couldn't help myself... Being in such a wide open space got the better of me...
Tsukasa: The truth is, I've been restricting myself from a number of things. Vocal exercises, watching movies, going to musicals...
Tsukasa: Anyway, what I need now is restraint! Rui is going out of his way to help me, and I need to pull my weight!
Tsukasa: If I let myself watch even one show, I don't think I'll have the willpower to not put one on myself...!
An: I know exactly what you mean!
An: It's like, all it takes is letting your guard down once to doom yourself and lose all motivation to study.
Tsukasa: What? You too?
An: Yes. I've been avoiding listening to music for that reason.
An: But... They play music at lunchtime, right? That's the scariest part of my day!
An: I start itching to sing along. So yes, I really understand how you feel...!
Tsukasa: I see... It seems we think the same way!
An: That reminds me of something I've been thinking while sharing a classroom with you. You're surprisingly hardworking, Tenma.
Tsukasa: Hm? Surprisingly? What do you mean, surprisingly?
An: I mean surprisingly. After all, aren't you always breaking the rules?
An: Do you realize how many times you and Kamishiro's names have come up in hall monitor meetings in just one year?
Tsukasa: ... I can't argue with that.
An: That said, none of the hall monitors think that you're bad people.
An: Including me.
Tsukasa: Shiraishi...!
An: That doesn't change the fact that you should follow school rules!
Tsukasa: Yes, understood! I'll behave myself next year.
An: Thank you. I hope you will.
Tsukasa: Well then, shall we return to the classroom? But first, why don't you do it too, Shiraishi?
An: What?
Tsukasa: When I shouted out just now, I felt like I was able to release some pent-up emotions.
Tsukasa: It isn't healthy to constantly deny yourself the things you enjoy. Why don't you shout like I did?
An: ... You might be right about that.
An: I'm sick of this! I wanna siiiiiing!!!
An: *Sigh* That felt so good!
Tsukasa: Heh. There was real moxie in that shout! I'd expect no less from you!
Tsukasa: Your singing! My shows! Today takes us one step closer to passionately doing the things we love.
An: You're right! How about we head back now?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: Huff... Huh...
An: Dad, can we go again from the top? I want to make up for lost time as quickly as I can...
An's Father: Okay, got it. Here we—
An's Mother: Dinner's ready, you two!
An: Oh... Whoa! Is it that time already?
An: But also, did you make dinner this time, Mom? That's unusual.
An's Mother: I did. I got home early, so I figured I'd cook for once.
An's Mother: To be fair, your father did most of the prep work. I just did the frying.
An's Mother: Speaking of which, tonight we're having tonkatsu! They turned out extra crispy.
An: Tonkatsu?! Yay!
An's Father: Extra crispy, you say? I'm looking forward to that.
An's Mother: Yes, they should be nice. By the way, An, well done on getting through your supplementary classes.
An: Oh, uh... Thanks! Sorry for making you both worry.
An's Mother: Hehe, we were never worried for you.
An: Huh?
An's Father: We didn't tell you, but... Your homeroom teacher told us, “If she puts in the effort, I will make sure she doesn't get held back.”
An: Seriously?! You could've told me...
An's Father: No way. It was a good opportunity for you to put some effort into studying.
An's Father: I mean, we all have our strengths and weaknesses, and that can't be helped... But you've had a chance to reflect now, right?
An: Yeah...
An: *Sigh* If only I was a good student like you two were...
An's Mother: Like we were?
An: Yeah. Like, you're a teacher, Mom. And Dad, you always had good grades, right?
An's Mother: Hehe. Come to think of it, I've never told you, have I?
An's Mother: The truth is, I was once a bad student.
An: What? You were?
An's Mother: That's right. Back in junior high, I didn't see the point of school, and I never put in any effort.
An's Mother: Then, when I reached high school, I was in the same boat as you, An. My teacher came to me and said, “There's no way you're getting into second year like this!”
An: Then, why did you want to become a teacher?
An's Mother: I'll tell you why. I had a very talented teacher.
An's Mother: That teacher didn't just bring my grades up, but actually taught me to enjoy studying.
An's Mother: And so I thought, “I want to be a teacher like that one day.”
An: Really?
An: I totally thought you had always had good grades. Unlike me...
An: Still, enjoying studying... I think going through all this has taught me that...
An's Father: Really?
An: Yeah. I had these study sessions with my friends to get us through the supplementary classes.
An: At first, I didn't understand Classical Japanese at all. It was like an alien language to me.
An: But once I started understanding it, I could start finding similarities in how me and those ancient people thought.
An: And that felt...kinda fun.
An's Mother: In that case, An, you've gained something far more important than good grades.
An's Mother: I'm sure your teacher would be beaming with pride to know their student feels that way.
An's Mother: I'm sure it's been tough, but you've worked so hard!
An: Thanks, Mom! I promise my grades will—
An: Uh... I guess school will get harder next year, so maybe I can't make any promises about that...
An: But, I will keep studying hard!
An: Hang on, while we're here talking, our dinner's getting cold! We can't let that extra crispy tonkatsu go soggy!
An's Father: You're right. Let's go home.
An: Yeah!
(Black cut)
