733_An Shiraishi_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi)

[Kamiyama High School]

Toya: I see. Your class was also given a pop quiz.
Akito: Seriously, who gives a pop quiz right at the start of a new school year?
An: Akito, Toya... Sorry, but can I ask you guys something?
Akito: Sure, I don't mind...
Akito: So, what's up...?
An: I kinda need you guys' help...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rooftop]

Toya: You wish to have lunch with Kusanagi, but things haven't been going as planned?
An: I really want to talk to her about singing since we both love it. I've been doing my best to invite her, but...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: Kusanagi! Wanna have lunch in the courtyard with us today?
Nene: Huh? “Us”?
An: Yeah, I went around and managed to wrangle up a group of about ten. We can all introduce ourselves and stuff.
Nene: T-Ten...?
Nene: Uhh... Sorry, maybe next time. There's this video I've been meaning to watch.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Toya: That may've been asking too much of her. I remember Tsukasa mentioning how she's very shy around people she doesn't know very well...
An: Wait, really...?! I couldn't tell based on the last conversation we had since we talked so much.
An: Still, she even said no when it was just two or three of us...
An: To be fair, she did have some stuff to do for the library committee that time, so the size of our group was probably not the issue....
An: I tried inviting her again after that, but Kamishiro and Tenma flew into our classroom and took her away before I could get a word out...
An: It's like my timing's been really bad, you know?
Toya: Well, I suppose life happens. At the same time, you're in the same class this year, so I'm sure you'll get more opportunities to invite her.
Akito: Assuming your aggressiveness hasn't scared her off already.
An: What? I haven't scared...
An: No! Nuh uh! I definitely haven't...!
Toya & Akito: (She hesitated...)
An: I'm gonna get her to have lunch with me no matter what it takes...!
An: Toya! Is Kusanagi scheduled to do stuff for the library committee tomorrow...?
Toya: No, I don't believe so...
An: Perfect...!
An: Tomorrow, for sure...! We're gonna have lunch together if it's the last thing I do...!
Akito: That's what I meant about scaring her off...
Toya: But the thought is what's important. Being a little aggressive may ultimately work in your favor.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day - Lunch break]

An: Here goes nothing!
An: Kusanagi!!!
Nene: Eep...!
Akito: (Geez, An... You sound like you're about to pick a fight with her... This isn't looking good...)
An: Kusanagi! About lunch today, I—
Nene: W-Wait...!
Nene: Sorry to interrupt. But...
Nene: P-Please let me ask you.
An: Huh...?
Nene: I'm really sorry about turning you down all those times. As happy as I was about you inviting me to have lunch with you, I didn't have the courage to say yes...
Nene: And then those other times I had to go to library committee stuff, or I got dragged off by Rui and Tsukasa...
Nene: B-But I'm free today! So, um...
Nene: Would you like to have lunch together?
An: Yeah, I'd love to...!
An: Did you already buy something? If not, we can go to the school store together.
Nene: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Scramble Crossing]

An: Morning, Kohane!
Kohane: Morning, An. Let's do our best again during practice today.
An: Yeah! Now, we just need to wait for Akito and Toya...
Kohane: Oh....!
An: Hm? Is that them?
An: Wait, huh...?
Ichika: Oh, Kohane, Shiraishi...
An: Ichika, Hinomori, it's been a minute! Are you two also headed for practice?
Shiho: Yeah, we're waiting for the others to arrive.
Kohane: Oh, so are we. We're waiting for Shinonome and Aoyagi to get here.
An: Hey, since we're here, wanna chat for a little bit while we wait?
Ichika: Yeah, sure.
Ichika: Oh, that reminds me... Kohane told me the other day that you joined your school's broadcasting committee, Shiraishi.
An: Yup! But what made you wanna bring that up?
Kohane: Hehe. So, Ichika's on our school's broadcasting committee.
An: Wait, really?!
An: Oh, Ichika, did you also choose the broadcasting committee because it meant you got to play whatever songs you like over the speakers...?
Ichika: Yeah, I think that was one reason.
Ichika: Another was because I'd have to talk to everyone, which I figured would help me practice talking with the audience and stuff during shows.
An: Oh, for your shows...!
Shiho: You seem like you're pretty good at that sort of stuff already, Shiraishi. I bet Kamiyama High's lunch broadcasts are gonna start being really fun.
An: Hehe. I dunno how fun they're gonna be until I give it a go, but I have already started looking for songs to play.
Shiho: Like what? Mind telling us?
Ichika: Oh, I'd also like to know how you're choosing them.
An: Haha. It's not like I've come up with some sort of grand plan or anything.
An: But everyone wants to enjoy their lunch breaks, right? So, I'm thinking cheerful and upbeat songs are the way to go for then.
An: And cleaning time feels like a huge drag to some people, so songs with a quick tempo might help them get through it.
Ichika: I see...
Ichika: I guess it's important to consider what your listeners are going to feel.
Ichika: I was thinking about just playing some Miku songs that I like or the ones that we made as a band... Should I rethink that...?
An: No, I don't think so! There's nothing wrong with wanting others to listen to good music.
Kohane: Yeah! I've liked all the Miku songs you've introduced to me so far, Ichika.
Kohane: And I want more people to hear your band's songs since they're also really amazing.
Shiho: If anything, Ichika, I think it's good that you have that drive to have more people listen to our songs.
Ichika: Really? Thank goodness...
An: Drive, huh...
An: Now that I'm on the broadcasting committee, maybe I should try following my passion
Kohane: Hehe. I'm sure you have what it takes to make sure everyone has fun while you try to do what you want, An.
An: You think so? Then, I might just go all out.
Ichika: I bet your broadcasts are going to be so much fun, Shiraishi.
Shiho: You're used to putting on shows, so I think we could stand to learn a lot from you.
An: Haha. Thanks.
An: I know. I can't really say what I'm gonna talk about, but I can tell you what songs I've chosen.
Ichika: Oh, are you sure?
An: Yeah! In return, you get to tell me what songs you're gonna choose, Ichika.
Ichika: Okay.
An: Wait a second. I could listen to your broadcasts if I had Kohane record them for me.
An: Maybe she could do that whenever Ichika's scheduled to be on air...
Kohane: I don't know if I'll be able to get clean recordings with everyone else talking...
Shiho: What if you found an empty classroom? That should make things easier for you.
Ichika: Whoa, wait! Why do you sound so enthusiastic about this, Shiho?
An: Haha!
(Black cut)
