772_An Shiraishi_R2 Hop In! (event_109)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[Outside Weekend Garage]

Kohane: We got back pretty late again.
An: Yeah, that event did drag on a bit.
Kohane: It did... I'm usually at home in bed by now. I might actually fall asleep sat on the train ride over.
An: No, don't do that! Who knows where you'll end up if you do!
Kohane: Oh, good point... Then, I'll stand up so that doesn't happen!
Kohane: Listening to some music should also help keep me awake.
An: I sure hope so... Seriously, don't let your guard down!
Kohane: Thanks for showing so much concern, An. Anyway, I'll see you tomorrow.
Kohane: Oh... S-Sorry. Hehe. My stomach's really starting to growl...
An: Hehe. We did expend a ton of calories today!
???: Hm? So it is you, Kohane.
Kohane: Huh?
Kohane: Oh! An, it's your mom!
An: Welcome back, Mom!
An's Mother: Thank you. Are you two just coming back from practice?
An: Yup! Actually, we just got back from doing an event. I was just seeing Kohane out.
An's Mother: Then, Kohane, would you like to have dinner with us?
An & Kohane: What?! Huh?
An's Mother: Oh, but... Your parents probably have dinner ready and are waiting for you...
An's Mother: Still, you seem very tired, so I just thought you might like to come over for dinner and get some rest.
Kohane: Would that really be okay?
An's Mother: Of course. Incidentally, I bought a few too many things at the deli counter.
An: Is that why your hands are so full...?
An's Mother: Because you've had a huge appetite lately, An. So, Kohane, I'd appreciate your help eating these.
Kohane: I-I'm not sure how much I can do to help, but I'll do my best!
An: You don't need to force yourself, you know? We can just eat any leftovers tomorrow.
An's Mother: Hehe. I appreciate the sentiment though. Thank you.
Kohane: Well then, I'm going to go call my mom to let her know!
An: Okay! See you soon!
An: Wow, this is great! Dinner with Kohane! Thanks for offering, Mom!
An's Mother: Hehe. You're welcome.
(Black cut)

[Several minutes later]

Kohane: Thank you for waiting.
Kohane: My mom said it's okay. So, if you don't mind having me over...
An's Mother: Of course. Please eat as much as you like, Kohane.
Kohane: Thank you, I will!
An: Awesome! Get ready for a feast, Kohane!
An: Also, Mom, I'll carry some of that for you! I can take it over to the kitchen!
Kohane: Oh, I'll help too.
An's Mother: Oh, are you sure? Then, I happily accept. Thank you both very much.
An & Kohane: No problem! Of course!
An's Mother: Also, An was right. You really are a nice girl, Kohane.
Kohane: Huh?
An's Mother: An's always saying, “She's the best friend and partner anyone could ask for!”
An: M-Mom...!
An's Mother: She's told me so, so much about you, Kohane.
An: Hey, quit telling her things that she doesn't need to hear!
An's Mother: Okay, I'll stop.
An's Mother: Anyway, let's go inside.
Kohane: Okay! Thank you again for having me!
An: (Kohane looked exhausted a second ago, but she seems all better now.)
An: (This might be the break she was looking for. I'll need to thank Mom later for doing this.)
An: Come on in, Kohane!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome)

[Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

An: Let's eat!
Classmate A: You always get so excited during lunch, An.
An: Well, duh! Unlike classes, lunch doesn't make me sleepy.
Classmate B: An... If you're not careful, your grades are gonna...
An: Nope! Nope! Not listening!
An: Anyway, I'm keeping up with what's going in class just fine right now! I'm not gonna fail any tests this year...!
Classmate B: Yeah, sure. Whatever you say.
An: Whoa, ice cold! Do you have that little faith in me?
Classmate A: I mean, An, you don't really study at home, right? You always go straight to practice after school.
An: Yeah, it's just... I need to focus on my singing right now.
Classmate B: And your weekends are all booked too, right? Did you go somewhere to perform yesterday?
An: Yup! We went to a live house in Shizuoka yesterday!
Classmate B: What?! Shizuoka?! No fair! That's like a real trip!
Classmate A: Oh, did you bring back any souvenirs for us...?!
An: Nope! We didn't have time to buy any.
An: And it's not like we did any sightseeing either. We mostly just looked at whatever we could see out the car.
Classmate A: Wait, that's it?! You guys went all the way to Shizuoka and didn't do any sightseeing?!
An: Nope. We came up with a plan for the event on the drive over, performed, helped clean up and did a debrief on the drive back.
Classmate A: You're really investing all your energy into singing, aren't you?
Classmate A: Also, it's so nice of your dad to drive you guys to all these places! My dad would never do that for me!
An: To be fair, my dad's the one who's been calling in favors to get these places to let us perform...
Classmate B: Oh, I totally forgot.... Your dad used to be a pro, right?! That's so cool!
Classmate B: I saw him by the school gate the other day. He's so good-looking!
An: Whoa, stop right there! Now I feel really embarrassed.
Classmate B: Haha. Sorry, my bad! But he really does seem like a cool dad.
An: (As embarrassing as this is, it's not the worst...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: (Come to think of it, I did used to think Dad was the coolest person in the world whenever I saw him performing on stage.)
An: ...
An: If you guys are that interested, wanna see him performing in an event...?
Classmate B: What?
An: There aren't many, but some videos of him singing do exist.
An: They're pretty old. We're talking about stuff from like twenty years ago. If you guys are interested, I could lend them to you...
Classmate A: Wait, really?!
Classmate B: I wanna see them!
An: Okay. Then, I'll bring some over sometime.
(Black cut)

[A week later]

An: ...is what happened.
Akito: What are you doing getting your classmates to swoon over your dad...?
An: That wasn't my plan!
An: I couldn't help it. I was just so happy that they were showing so much interest in him that...
Akito: Anyway, how'd they react? What did they think of RADder?
An: Oh, about that! You should've seen them.
An: I was worried at first because of how old the video was, but Dad and his team still sounded amazing...
Akito: I mean, this is RADder we're talking about.
An: Yeah. I know.
An: We need to get to that level too.
An: The same level as RADder. No, more!
An: We have to get to the point where we've left them in the dust!
Akito: You don't have to tell me that. After all, our goal's to surpass their most intense moment.
An: Right...! So, let's do our best again during practice today!
(Black cut)
