891_An Shiraishi_R4 Swaying On The Road At Dusk (event_125)

Gacha phrase: Mrgh, just a little longer...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: ♪————!
Ken: Alright, that's good... Let's end today's practice session here.
An: Woohoo! Wait, it's already this late...? Thanks for sticking around for so long, Dad.
Ken: Don't mind me. Just make sure to rest up tonight, okay?
An: Okay, I will! But you should also get some rest since you've been driving super long distances every day. You wouldn't want Mom to worry, right?
An: Oh, that reminds me! You gotta hear this!
Ken: Hm? Hear what?
An: We had a little gathering earlier today to tell Toya about our thoughts, feelings and experiences in order to help him with his song.
An: He took everything that we said and organized it into a massive timeline in his notebook! Isn't that so him?
Ken: Sure sounds like it. You really get to see what makes a person tick when they're writing a song.
An: I know, right...? Also, didn't each member of your team have their own unique style?
Ken: Yeah, which complicated things a lot... Nagi and Taiga both create through feeling, but in completely different ways. To them, my way of thinking was inconceivable...
An: Right? Oh yeah, they also taught in really different ways.
An: Those were such good times. Remember how I used to follow you guys around and nag you to teach me how to write songs?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[A few years earlier]

Little An (An): It needs to go more... Rawr! You know what I mean?!
Ken: Rawr...? So, heavier? More bass?
Little An (An): Hmm... No, that's not it...
Ken: It's not...? You could be a little more specific...
Ken: Still, I wasn't expecting to be asked to help make a song just after finishing a show.
Ken: Nagi said she already promised to meet with some friends, and Taiga... He just straight-up ran away.
Ken: To be fair, their mottos as teachers are “feel don't think” and “listen to your heart,” which wouldn't make any sense to a kid. I guess it's up to me to be her teacher...
Little An (An): Daddy! What are you doing talking to yourself?
Ken: Oh, nothing. Anyway, let me show you how to do this.
Little An (An): Okay! Thank you, Mr. Shiraishi!
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Ken: So, if you want the chorus here to sound more powerful, try applying the example we just talked about and...
Little An (An): Hmm...
Ken: Hm? An...? You seem unsatisfied. Is something wrong?
Little An (An): I don't get the way you teach! You keep talking about chords and rhythmic patterns and stuff...!
Little An (An): Yeah, this sounds more like what I wanted... But can't you teach more like Aunt Nagi?! I always get what she's talking about!
Ken: Like her? Now you're asking too much...
Little An (An): What?! Daddy, you meanie!
Ken: I'm not trying to be mean or anything...
Musician: Hey, what are father and daughter doing causing all this ruckus? If you guys are free, wanna come see us perform? We'll be on stage soon—
Musician: Hm? What's with the laptop...? Are you guys playing a game together or something?
Ken: No, I was teaching her how to make her own tracks.
Little An (An): Yeah! I'm busy creating!
Musician: You're making your own, An?!
Musician: In the green room for an event of all places... You're like a real artist already, An! Good luck!
Little An (An): Thanks! I'll let you listen to it once it's done! Anyway, bye bye!
Little An (An): Hey, did you hear that? I'm like a real artist already!
Ken: In terms of drive, you sure sound like one already.
Ken: Anyway, where were we? You're going to knock their socks off, right? So, you've gotta make your track a good one.
Little An (An): Right!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: I ended up finishing that track after asking all three of you about it.
Ken: I remember. And you basically went with Nagi's style in the end...
An: What choice did I have? I didn't know what I was doing back then! Actually, I still don't really understand the theory behind it all...
An: But don't worry! I think your way of teaching is really easy to understand now, Dad!
Ken: That's good to hear. For a second there, I was worried that you were going to say, “I still don't get what you're saying!” and ask me to change the way I teach.
An: Haha! I wouldn't do that to you!
An: Anyway, Mr. Shiraishi, I'm looking forward to learning lots more from you!
Ken: Oh, you better be ready since you still have plenty to learn.
An: I am!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Weekend Garage]

An: *Yawn* Man, I slept great...
Akito: Hey, you sure about that? Your eyes are barely open.
Kohane: You slept like a baby in the car on the way back, An.
Toya: Yes, so much so that Azusawa had trouble getting you to wake up even after we arrived. She shook and poked you quite a lot.
An: Sorry, Kohane. I needed some sleep after staying up late practicing last night...
An: Also, I was barely able to keep my eyes open after I basically went HAM at today's event.
Toya: Ah, I see.
Toya: You did put on a powerful performance today, Shiraishi.
Akito: So powerful that you gave the rest of us a huge boost of energy.
An: Haha. Then, I guess it was worth going all out.
Akito: Still, what made you want to do that?
An: Huh?
Toya: I'm curious as well. You seemed much more motivated than usual today. Did something good happen recently?
An: Well, duh! It's all because of your song, Toya!
Toya: My song?
An: Yeah! I dunno why, but I feel really excited...
An: I mean, Akito reignited our audience, Toya wrote an amazing song for us.
An: So, I feel that I've also gotta do what I can!
Toya: I see.
Kohane: Hehe. It's so like you to feel that way, An.
Akito: Yeah...
Akito: Actually, you've been like this for as long as I can remember.
An: Huh?
Akito: Remember when you lost in that one event a really long time ago...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Junior High School An (An): Huff... Huff...
Spectator: An lost...?
Spectator: But she did pretty well considering how young she is.
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (I heard this was going to be a pretty high-level event, so I thought I could learn a few things by observing...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (But... I never imagined her losing.)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (To be fair, people have been saying how the team she just battled against got scouted recently...)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (They came in, took control by creating an electric atmosphere. It was almost like this was their home turf. I know she's good, but I don't think she stood a chance.)
(Black cut)

[One week later]

Junior High School Akito (Akito): I thought the same thing last week, but the people who perform here are really good...
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (But the team that beat Shiraishi last time was something else. I've gotta think they're gonna win again... Hm?)
MC: Last but not least, we have An Shiraishi!
Spectator: An...? Was she on the list of performers...?
Junior High School An (An): Sorry, I know it was a big ask! But thanks for letting me jump in at the last minute!
Junior High School An (An): Losing left a really sour taste in my mouth, so I came back for a rematch!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): Geez... After getting clobbered last week...
Junior High School An (An): Anyway, let's get started!
Junior High School An (An): ♪————! ————!!!
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (Whoa... How much did she practice since then?)
Junior High School Akito (Akito): (It hasn't even been a week, but she's closed the gap and overtaken them...!)
MC: Alright, I have the results! The winner is...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: Oh yeah! I remember now!
Kohane: That happened? That's so cool, An!
An: Hehe. Thanks, Kohane!
An: I was super duper frustrated that time, so I decided to do everything I could to make them eat their words.
An: Which I was going to achieve at the next event! And then I practiced like crazy. Haha. Those were some good times!
Toya: You practiced like crazy...? It's incredible how you were able to become so good in little under a week.
Akito: Yeah, I was surprised too... Seriously, just how much do you hate losing?
An: Hey, you're one to talk.
Toya: Regardless, Shiraishi, I'm glad to hear that my song was able to motivate you so much.
An: Yeah, it gave me a huge boost of energy!
An: (Not only is Toya growing at a really fast rate, so is everyone else.)
An: (Which means I don't have time to dawdle! We've gotta keep moving forward together!)
An: So, let's keep doing our best, you guys!
Toya, Kohane & Akito: Yes. Yeah! Yeah.
(Black cut)
