954_An Shiraishi_R3 What I Want To Tell You (event_135)

Gacha phrase: Look how far we've made it, Aunt Nagi.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi)

[COL]

Kohane: Phew... Thank goodness we got here on time.
Kohane: I really appreciate you coming with me all this way, An!
An: No problem! I was actually only going to go for part of the way, but with all the talking we've done, I ended up coming all this way.
An: Anyway, I've been meaning to pop in and say hi since it's been a little while. So, it all worked out!
Owner of COL: Welcome. Oh, An, you're here too.
Kohane: Hello!
An: Heya! Glad to see that you're doing okay!
RUST Member A: Hm? That sounded like An's voice...
An: Huh? Oh, you're from RUST!
GLaP day Member A: Hey, An.
An: Oh, and you're from GLaP day! Long time no see!
GLaP day Member A: Yeah, you're all grown up now. Actually, you're really starting to resemble your mom.
An: Well, we haven't seen each other since RAD WEEKEND, right? I've grown a lot since then.
GLaP day Member A: In any case, it's nice to see your smiling face.
An: Oh, more importantly, I heard that you're all battling against Kohane.
RUST Member A: That's right. We're playing that game we used to with Nagi, Ken and everyone else.
An: Hmm... I see...
An: You guys better be ready! Kohane's gonna wipe the floor clean with all of you!
Kohane: What?! An!
RUST Member A: Oh? That's big talk. You got any proof that she's going to beat us?
An: Of course I do!
An: First, the way Kohane sings really makes your heart race, am I right?
An: When I first met her, I thought, “Her! She has to become my partner!” She's the only one who's ever made me feel that way.
An: Also, she's got this way of exploding when the chips are down! I mean, during this event we did the other day...
Owner of COL: Listen to her. Nagi used to praise her in the exact same way.
GLaP day Member A: Yeah, I wish Nagi were here to see this.
An: Huh? Did you guys just say something?
Owner of COL: Don't mind us. Also, you may want to hold your horses there.
Owner of COL: Your partner's face is turning red.
An: Huh?
An: Oh no! I-I'm really sorry, Kohane! I just wanted everyone to know just how great you are...
Kohane: No, that's okay. I'm a little embarrassed, but also really happy.
Kohane: I promise to do my absolute best to not disappoint you, An!
An: ...! Yes, that's what I like to hear!
GLaP day Member A: But it isn't going to be that easy.
RUST Member A: We don't care that she's your partner, An. We're not holding back against her.
An: Oh yeah? Well, don't come crying to me when she clobbers all of you!
An: So, Kohane, show no mercy!
Kohane: O-Okay!
An: (Kohane really is an amazing singer...)
An: (Which is why I also need to do my best...!)
An: Alright, I'm gonna go practice!
An: I still have my own task to complete.
An: So, Kohane, good luck! I know it's not gonna be easy, but let's do our best together!
Kohane: Right...! Thanks, An!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Cemetery]

An: Let's see... It's this one.
An: So this is Aunt Nagi's grave...
Akito: Right. This is where she's laid to rest...
Toya: I'm not sure if this is the right way to put it...but it's like we're finally getting to meet her.
Kohane: Yeah...
An: (I'm not sure how to feel...)
An: (Actually seeing Aunt Nagi's grave solidifies the fact that she's gone from this world...)
An: (But I'm also really glad that I came to see her.)
Arata: Thank you all for your patience. We fetched the water.
Tatsuya: I'll put the hand towels over here.
An: Oh, thanks! Then...
An: Let's give Aunt Nagi's grave a thorough cleaning!
(Black cut)
Akito: Hmm... I think you're supposed to leave the roots of this type of weed intact...
Kotaro: Wait, leave them intact?
Akito: Yeah. Depending on the type, pulling the roots out can make the soil harden, which then makes the weeds that take their place tougher to remove. Something like that.
Soma: Oh, I've heard that before too. It's okay to pull the roots out in places like this, but you don't want to for gardens and stuff in order to keep the soil soft.
Kotaro: Really...? Also, Akito, you know about gardening?! I never would've guessed. Who taught you that?
Akito: Huh? No, I just...
Akito: (I can't tell him that Miku told me...)
(Black cut)
Toya: I'll take this vase out for the time being.
Tatsuya: Okay. I'm sure you'll be fine, but be careful not to cut your fingers or anything.
Tatsuya: Also, have you ever arranged flowers for a grave before? I can do that since I'm pretty good at this sort of thing.
Toya: Oh, that'd be very helpful if you don't mind...
(Black cut)
Kohane: Then, I'll use this toothbrush to get the dirt out of all the engraved letters.
Arata: Thank you. In that case, An and I will wipe it down.
An: We're supposed to start from the top and work our way down, right?
Arata: Yes, that should be fine. If there's any stubborn dirt or grime, you can use this special soap... But it looks like we won't need to.
An: Okay. Then, let's make her grave sparkling clean!
(Black cut)
An: (Phew... I need to scrub gently to avoid scratching the stone.)
An: (And I need to give special attention to the spot where offerings go...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: Oh...
Kohane: Is something wrong, An?
An: Huh? No, nothing's wrong. Us cleaning like this just reminded me of something.
An: Of how Aunt Nagi really hated doing any cleaning.
Kohane: Really?
An: Yeah. Every time we deep-cleaned the studio that her team always used, we'd always find a few dust bunnies lingering in the places that were her job to clean.
An: I usually had to do her share of the cleaning. But guess what she always told me when I did...
An: “Excellent work, Ms. Clean!”
Arata: Haha. That certainly sounds like her. I can sort of see it already.
Kohane: You and Nagi used to be so close.
An: Yup! She did have this way of getting me to do things for her, but we always had fun.
An: (We really did do a lot together.)
An: (She taught me how to sing, we always ate food and played games together...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Junior High School An (An): Whew... Okay, how was that?!
Nagi: Yeah, I can't believe how much you've improved. I know you're just going to keep getting better and better in the future, An.
Junior High School An (An): Woohoo! Just wait, Aunt Nagi! I'll be better than you someday!
Junior High School An (An): And when that happens, we're gonna do an event together!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: (She didn't get a chance to keep that promise we made...)
An: (But I was able to live up to the expectations she placed on me.)
An: (Sorry for making you wait so long, Aunt Nagi.)
An: (It took a really long time to get to this point...)
An: (But my friends and I were able to put on the best event ever.)
An: (And now, we're gonna go see what's waiting for us beyond your dream...)
An: (So, I hope you'll keep watching over us.)
(Black cut)
