967_An Shiraishi_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: You're the best partner ever!!!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO, KAITO)

[A few weeks before An's birthday]

[Street SEKAI]

An: Hmm... 
An: Ugh! What should I do?!
Kohane: Hehe. You've been stuck for a while, An.
An: I mean c'mon, MEIKO said she'd make me any cake I want! Who wouldn't be stuck?!
MEIKO (VBS): There's still time until your birthday, so take your time deciding.
An: I'm sorry for not making up my mind yet.
Toya: It's understandable that you'd be spoiled for choice since there are so many varieties of cake.
An: Yes! Exactly!
An: I could go classic with a strawberry shortcake, but then I'd be missing out on chocolate...
Kohane: Personally, I like cakes with a lot of fruit.
Toya: Hmm... As for me, I'd choose something that's tea-flavored and less sweet.
An: You're right...! That sounds really good too...!
An: Oh no, that means even more options to consider! I'm never gonna decide!
Akito: Are you really struggling over something like this?
An: C'mon, how many birthday cakes do you get in a year?
Miku (VBS): Do you have any recommendations, Akito?
KAITO (VBS): Oh, I wanna hear your advice too!
Akito: Hey, I'm not the expert you're making me out to be.
Akito: That being said, there was that one pretty good cake.
An: Really? What was it?
Akito: It was mint chocolate, and they got the balance of those two flavors just right. It was kinda hard to put my fork down.
Akito: It even had this mint-green cream filling that looked kinda summery, so it'd be a good choice for this time of year.
An: Mint chocolate...
An: I've decided, MEIKO! I'd like a mint chocolate cake for my birthday!
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe, got it. I hope you're looking forward to it.
Akito: Really? You made up your mind based on just that?
An: Since it's you, I assumed you were just gonna suggest pancakes or cheesecake. But you threw me a curveball, and now I'm curious.
Toya: It's great that Shiraishi made up her mind, isn't it?
Kohane: Hehe, it is.
Kohane: Oh, by the way, An. Is there anything you want to do on your birthday?
An: Anything I want to do?
Kohane: Yes. If there is, I was thinking we could do it together as a way to celebrate.
An: Kohane...! Thank you, that means a lot!
An: But, what do I want to do...?
An: Oh! There is just one thing. You see, I...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[An's birthday]

[Scramble Crossing]

Kohane: Okay, we're all set up.
An: Great! Now we can start whenever.
Toya: I can't believe you wanted to put on a street performance for your birthday.
Akito: For one thing, don't you do this all the time? Why now?
An: Because I love singing, duh!
An: But also, there've hardly been any times that all four of us have done this together, right?
Toya: Come to think of it, we often practice in the park, but I suppose you're right about actual street performances.
Kohane: Hehe. Alright then, let's sing!
An: Okay! Here we go!
An: ♪————————!!
Passerby: Oh, is that a street performance? Wow, those kids must be high schoolers!
Kohane, Akito & Toya: ♪——! ♪——! ♪——!!
Passerby: Hold the phone, they're good! Real good!
Passerby: Hey, let's stop and watch for a bit! These kids are amazing!
An: (Yes... More and more people are stopping to watch.)
An: (The street's starting to feel like a live house... I love this sensation.)
An: (And today, we're all together. It's gonna be even more fun than usual...!)
(Black cut)
An: Man, I had a blast!
An: Thanks for doing this with me, you guys!
Kohane: Don't mention it. I really enjoyed it too.
Toya: So did I, and our audience very much seemed to as well.
Akito: I wouldn't mind doing this sorta thing again sometime.
???: An!
An: Huh? I know that voice...
An: Haruka?! What are you doing here?
Haruka: Hehe, it's just a coincidence! Right, everyone?
An: “Everyone”?
???: An!
An: Huh?! What's happening?!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Shibuya Park]

Airi: Are you ready, everyone?
Haruka: Let's give An our birthday wishes!
Haruka: Happy birthday!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
An: Thanks, you guys!
An: But also, I can't believe you're here! I had no idea you were coming to watch!
Minori: Hehehe, looks like we managed to pull off our surprise!
Shizuku: Hehe. I brought a cake and some snacks. Please dig in, everyone!
An: Thank you, Shizuku! That's so thoughtful of you.
Shizuku: No, this is the least I can do on your birthday.
Minori: Ideally, we would've liked to go to a cafe or restaurant.
Airi: With this many people, that would have been impossible without a reservation. Sorry about that, An.
An: Don't even worry about it!
An: Actually, celebrating out here in the park feels really spacious and relaxing!
Ena: Hehe, I kinda get what you mean.
Mizuki: Still, it's a shame Li'l Bro and Toya couldn't stay for this.
An: Oh... Yeah. They said they both had plans later, so they had to get going.
An: (Specifically, they needed to go help set up the party in SEKAI.)
Minori: Really? What a shame.
Mizuki: Oh, I just remembered! This is your birthday present from me♪
An: Really? Thanks! I wonder what it is... Can I open it now?
Mizuki: Of course! You're gonna love what I got you!
An: Oh, ear cuffs! They're so cute. I love them!
Kohane: They have little sparkling stars on them. I bet they'll look really good on you.
Mizuki: Right?! They're a new item for this season that we just got in at work!
Mizuki: I also thought they'd look good on you, so I got you a pair. Am I or am I not a fashion genius?
An: You are! I'm gonna put these on now.
Haruka: Hehe. We have a present for you too.
An: Really? What is it?
Minori: It's a hamper of beauty products! There's lotion, hair oil, all sorts!
An: Wow! Thanks, you guys! Are these products that you all use?
Airi: Yep! I recommend this body oil. It smells amazing and absorbs quickly, so you can use it without any hassle!
Shizuku: I use this hair oil. It leaves your hair shiny and soft, so you should try it out!
An: Wow! With idol endorsements like that, I bet these are all gonna work like magic!
Haruka: Hehe, you can count on that.
An: I bet! I'm gonna start using these today.
An: Still, I wasn't expecting to have such a big birthday celebration.
An: Speaking of which, who planned the surprise? Haruka?
Haruka: Wrong answer! Guess again.
An: Really? Then... Mizuki?
Mizuki: I do love a good surprise, but not this time.
An: Not you either? Then...
Mizuki: C'mooon! The obvious person is sitting right by you!
An: Huh...? Wait, you mean...
An: This was your idea, Kohane?
Kohane: Y-Yeah. I thought it would be nice for everyone to get together for your birthday.
Kohane: And you were so excited for the street performance, so I wanted everyone else to come watch.
An: Kohane...
Kohane: I didn't really do anything... I just invited everyone. But I'm glad you've had a good time.
An: Hey, that's not nothing! You're the best partner I could ask for, Kohane!
Kohane: Wah! An, I can't breathe!
Minori, Mizuki & Haruka: Hahaha. Hehe.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000334/bg_s000334.webp)
Minori: Once again, happy birthday, An!
Shiho & Haruka: Happy birthday!
Minori: Our surprise went off without a hitch! The look on your face was priceless!
Haruka: You must have really been getting into the song since you didn't spot us watching right up close.
Shiho: Really? I wish I could've heard them perform.
Haruka: Hehe, it was an amazing performance. I heard that the big event they were working on was a success, and it's no surprise with voices like that.
Shiho: Wow. I'll have to go see them perform sometime. Shiraishi, keep up the good work.
Mizuki: Happy birthday, An♪ I had so much fun chatting until it got dark at your surprise party!
Ena: Shiraishi didn't even want to go home then, did she? We must've talked for three hours already, and she hadn't had enough.
Shizuku: It's heartwarming for guests to hear from the birthday girl that she wants to spend more time together. I'm glad you had a good time, An.
Airi: Let's all get together again sometime, and you can get your fill of chatter. Happy birthday, An!
Nene: Happy birthday, Shiraishi.
Tsukasa & Rui: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Tsukasa: We need to make up for missing the surprise party with a grand birthday celebration!
Rui: Hehe, we'll be sure to outdo ourselves. I'll come up with an exciting new show to mark the occasion.
Nene: Yeah... I'd like to sing you something to make up for missing the party.
Nene: I hope you look forward to it...
Kohane: Happy birthday, An!
Toya: Happy birthday. It seems you thoroughly enjoyed your surprise party.
Akito: You were still energetic by the time of the party in SEKAI... Well, as long as you had a good birthday.
Kohane: Yeah. It made me happy to see you smiling so much.
Kohane: Let's keep giving it our all, An!
(White cut)
(Background change)
An: You guys! Thank you so much for all your birthday wishes!
An: I got to tick something off my list, had a surprise party thrown for me and overall had the best birthday I could ask for!
An: The latest in a long list of things I owe to the amazing people around me!
An: I feel like this I've been energized to be an even better singer! Just watch this space!
(White cut)
