975_An Shiraishi_R4 Don't Forget The Smile (event_139)

Gacha phrase: C'mon, Toya, you've gotta smile!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

An: Hey, Akito, do you know how many people in our class are in the brass band?
Akito: The brass band?
An: Yeah, remember what we talked about?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kohane: Shibuya Instrument Day?
Akito: And you two are gonna go help out?
Toya: Yes, due to a slight emergency.
An: The manager of the shop who lends us the sound equipment we always use is gonna be there, but a few of his staff won't be able to make it, so he's shorthanded.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: I wanted to learn a little more about trumpets before Shibuya Instrument Day.
Akito: So, you wanna ask some people in the brass band about them?
An: Exactly!
An: I remember that Makita's in the band, but who else in our class is?
Akito: Huh? I dunno... Probably no one else, right?
An: Hmm... Then, I'll start by asking Makita.
An: I vaguely remember seeing her play the trumpet during the school festival, so she should be able to help me.
Akito: Hold on a second. Have you actually talked to her before?
An: Huh? With Makita?
An: Umm... We say hi sometimes, and we also talked a bit during the meetings for that film we made...
Akito: Then, you need to be careful not to scare her by getting all up in her face. Remember what happened with Kusanagi?
An: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toya: You wish to have lunch with Kusanagi, but things haven't been going as planned?
An: It's like my timing's been really bad, you know?
Toya: Well, I suppose life happens. At the same time, you're in the same class this year, so I'm sure you'll get more opportunities to invite her.
Akito: Assuming your aggressiveness hasn't scared her off already.
An: What? I haven't scared...
An: No! Nuh uh! I definitely haven't...!
Toya & Akito: (She hesitated...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: (Yeah, that did happen...)
An: Thanks, Akito. I'll try to be careful.
(Black cut)

[Lunch break]

An: (Don't get up in her face, and try not to scare her...)
An: Um, Makita? Are you free right now?
Makita: Hi, Shiraishi. How can I help?
An: (Yes, she doesn't look scared! I'm off to a good start!)
An: Sorry, I know this is really sudden, but I wanted to ask you a question.
Makita: Huh? Ask me?
An: Yeah! This manager of a instrument shop I know is gonna be participating in Shibuya Instrument Day, and I'll be helping him with his booth.
An: But I don't really know anything about musical instruments, so I was wondering if you could tell me a little about them.
Makita: Umm... I only joined the band in high school, so all I can really talk to you about is playing the trumpet...
An: Not a problem. That's actually why I'm here!
Makita: I see. Then, I may be able to help.
An: Thanks, you're a lifesaver!
An: So, the shop I mentioned is on Vivid Street and I've known the manager for a really long time!
An: He's always lending us his sound equipment, so I wanted to give back somehow!
Makita: ...
An: (Oh no...! I'm talking like I always do now!)
An: (After getting off to such a good start! She seems a little overwhelmed now...)
Makita: Um, Shiraishi?
An: Y-Yeah...?
Makita: It's on Vivid Street? Next to that general store?
An: Huh? Yeah, that's right...
Makita: I knew it...! That place has also been really good to me.
Makita: I go talk to the manager there whenever I'm having trouble playing something, because he loves trumpets and saxophones so much.
An: What?! You know him?! Wait, does that also mean you know about Shibuya Instrument Day and...
(Black cut)
An: Thanks for giving me so much helpful info about trumpets, Makita!
Makita: No, if anything, I'm sorry for only being able to talk about really basic stuff. I'm still just a beginner myself.
Makita: I wish I could be there to help the manager since he's been so kind...
An: But the convention is right before that big competition, right?
An: I'm guessing he didn't ask you to help because he already knew about that.
Makita: Oh... Come to think of it, I did promise him that I'd do my best...
An: Then, you gotta keep your promise!
An: In return, I'll work twice as hard to help the manager during the convention.
Makita: Shiraishi...
Makita: Okay, thanks!
An: Oh, we got so caught up in our conversation that we both forgot to eat. Did you bring a lunch today, Makita?
Makita: No, I was thinking about buying something at the school store or cafeteria.
An: Really?! Then, let's go together!
Makita: Okay! The store's probably run out of stuff already, so how does the cafeteria sound?
An: Perfect! Hehe. I wonder what they're serving for lunch today.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

An & Kohane: Hello! Hello!
MEIKO (VBS): Oh, welcome, everyone.
Luka (VBS): Perfect! I was just hoping to talk to all of you♪
Rin (VBS): Actually, An, Toya, just you two.
An: Huh? Me and Toya?
Len (VBS): We've been telling Luka about what happened during Shibuya Instrument Day.
Toya: Oh, that's right. You weren't there, Luka.
Luka (VBS): No, I wasn't.
Luka (VBS): It sounded like so much fun. I wish you would've told me about it sooner.
MEIKO (VBS): You miss out on these things because you're always wandering around somewhere.
MEIKO (VBS): Anyway, what would you all like to drink? Your usuals?
Akito: Yes, thank you.
Luka (VBS): Anyway, An, Toya! Tell me more about this convention.
An: Sure! But I dunno where to begin...
Len (VBS): Then, how about Toya's customer service skills?
Len (VBS): I got to see him doing a really awesome job, but the rest of you didn't, right?
Luka (VBS): Yes! Tell me more about how Toya did!
Akito: Yeah, I haven't heard all the details yet.
Kohane: Me neither. Would you mind telling us, Aoyagi?
An: Hear that? What do you say?
Toya: I don't mind. Especially since you all helped me practice.
An: Okay! Then, let's tell them what happened!
An: The first customers you helped were that elderly couple, right?
Toya: Yes, they were hoping to enjoy their golden years by learning a new hobby together...
(Black cut)
Toya: And so, after they'd made their interest clear, I suggested that they demo some instruments. The manager took over from there.
Luka (VBS): Really! Way to go, Toya♪ I can tell even from the story that you treated them very well.
Toya: Thank you very much. But I was only able to do that because Shiraishi coached me so well.
An: Haha! You're giving me too much credit.
Kohane: But you practiced with him every day in SEKAI, right?
Rin (VBS): We helped by pretending to be customers.
Rin (VBS): But Toya kept getting really nervous at first. Even when welcoming us, he'd sound like he was angry with us or something!
An: Yeah! You guys were so startled that you ended up shouting, “Th-Thank you for having us...!”
Luka (VBS): Really?! After that nice story, I can hardly picture it.
Akito: I couldn't be there for everything, but you did practice like your life depended on it...
Toya: I made a commitment, so I wanted to make sure I'd actually be able to help Shiraishi and the manager.
An: Thanks, Toya! You know, I think you'd do great as an employee of Weekend Garage.
Toya: You do?
Toya: I feel honored by those words.
Toya: And thank you for being such a wonderful teacher, Shiraishi.
An: Hehe. You're welcome!
MEIKO (VBS): Thank you all for your patience. Here are your drinks.
Luka (VBS): Oh, that took longer than usual. Would it have been better if I had lent you a hand?
MEIKO (VBS): I didn't want to interrupt your conversation, so I waited for my opportune moment.
MEIKO (VBS): But speaking of help, you'd be more than welcome to help out here any time you like.
An: Then, how about we help right now? You can show everyone just how much you've improved, Toya!
Toya: That's a good idea. In that case, MEIKO, would it be alright if I served these to everyone?
MEIKO (VBS): Alright, they're all yours. But please be careful, Toya.
Toya: I will.
An: You can do it, Toya!
Toya: Thank you for your patience. Here's your ice cream float and your lemonade.
Rin & Len: Thanks!
Luka (VBS): Wow! That feels so natural!
An: See what I mean?!
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. You look so happy, An.
An: Well, he is my star pupil!
(Black cut)
