997_An Shiraishi_R2 Have No Regrets (event_142)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Rin (VBS): Wow, that was so awesome♪
Luka (VBS): Thank you for showing us this video of Akito and the others competing in Shinobi Battle, An!
An: You're welcome!
Akito: Still, why'd you show them the archived version of the MORE MORE JUMP! stream? There is an official video.
An: Because Minori and the others are cheering in this one! They made things way more fun!
KAITO (VBS): I agree! You could tell how excited they were about their friend competing.
Toya: I wish I could've been there that day, but cheering them on with all of you today was very fun.
Kohane: Yeah, I also had a lot of fun!
Len (VBS): And it wasn't just those idols. Everyone else there was also cheering like crazy!
MEIKO (VBS): Now that you mention it, I thought I heard your voice while that Haruka girl was jumping between those poles, An...
Miku (VBS): Oh, was that you who shouted, “Fly!”?
An: Oh, you guys heard that?
Akito: Yeah... You really startled us since we were standing right next to you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: Go, Haruka! Swing and fly!
(White cut)
An: Help me out, Akito, Tenma! She'll succeed if we give her enough support!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Luka (VBS): “She'll succeed if we give her enough support!” That's so beautiful♪
An: It's just the way Haruka's brain works.
Akito: So, does that mean you shouted, “If you give up now, then you'll regret it for the rest of your life!” for the same reason? Because you two have known each other forever?
An: Yup! Actually, we experienced something similar in the past.
Toya: Something similar?
An: Yeah, during elementary school. Back then, Haruka and I were both friends and rivals.
An: We were having a footrace in the park after school that day.
An: The first person to touch the tree there would win, but I tripped a few steps in front of it.
An: Haruka saw me fall, but she touched the tree before coming to help me.
An: She asked me if I was okay and tried to help me up, and I said thanks and got to my feet...
An: She had a really troubled look on her face.
Len (VBS): Troubled? What do you mean?
Kohane: Umm... Was it because she went to touch the tree before going over to help you?
Rin (VBS): But they were having a race. Not only that, the finish line was right there.
An: Exactly. I felt the same way as you two, Rin, Len. I wasn't actually bothered at all.
An: But Haruka was.
An: We had another race a few months later, but I tripped again.
An: Guess what Haruka did? She stopped so fast I thought she might trip herself, and rushed right over.
An: I think anyone would be surprised. So, without even thinking, I said...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Elementary School An (An): Why'd you come over to help me? You should've touched the tree.
Elementary School Haruka (Haruka): No, I didn't want to.
Elementary School Haruka (Haruka): After what happened last time, I decided to never leave you behind like that ever again.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO (VBS): Powerful words. Her will must be ironclad.
KAITO (VBS): Wait, this happened when you two were still in elementary school?
An: Pretty amazing, right?
An: Haruka isn't really one to beat around the bush, but she does let certain feelings get pent up inside of her.
An: I didn't realize just how much she regretted winning that race instead of helping me.
An: Still, there was a next time and she got a chance to clear her conscience, and she seemed to feel much better after that...
Akito: But she probably isn't going to find herself in another Shinobi Battle sort of situation for a long time.
Len (VBS): Yeah, good point!
An: That's exactly why I absolutely didn't want her to feel any regrets.
Kohane: An...
Toya: You seem to know quite a lot about Kiritani.
An: Of course I do.
An: She's my best friend, after all!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

An: Hey, what do you wanna do today?!
Akito: Sing, like we always do. I'd rather not start getting all rusty.
An: Wait, again?
An: I get that you wanna stay on top of your game, but we sing all the time. Don't you feel like doing something else?
Kohane: Huh...?
Toya: What's wrong, Azusawa?
Kohane: Did you hear that voice just now? I thought I heard someone sobbing...
An: Sobbing?
Toya: ...! I think I just heard it.
An: But who would even be sobbing?
Akito: If it's not Miku or one of the others, it might be a ghost.
An: What?!
Toya: For now, let's head over towards where the voice is coming from.
Kohane: Okay, I think it came from that way!
Akito: Hurry, or we're gonna leave you behind.
An: Wh-What?! Wait for me!
(Black cut)
???: *Sob*
???: S-So much pain...
An: Huh?! N-No! Someone really is sobbing!
Akito: Down this alley...?
Kohane: Th-There...!
An: Rin! Len! What are you two doing on the ground?!
Toya: I have no idea, but we need to help them.
Len (VBS): *Sob* No, you guys...
Rin (VBS): Don't come any closer... And whatever you do... Don't touch us...
An: Wh-Wh-Wh-What...?! We're not allowed to come over or touch you guys?! What's going on?!
Rin (VBS): The pain...
An: Wh-What pain...?! Wait, did you guys get cursed by something...?
Len (VBS): My muscles... The pain...
Kohane: Huh...?
An: D-Do your muscles hurt?
Len (VBS): Yesterday, we tried doing some of the exercises that Akito and his team did while they trained...
Rin (VBS): They were really hard, but we did our best. Unfortunately... Oww... We're sore everywhere now...
Akito: Oh, you guys are just sore... You had us going there for a second.
An: Yeah, seriously! I totally thought you two got cursed or something!
Kohane: Umm... What should we do? We can't just leave them like this.
Toya: Having them rest at MEIKO's cafe seems ideal, but whether or not they can make it over will be up to them.
An: Right... What would you two like us to do?
Len & Rin: Take us to the cafe...
Akito: Alright, fine. Come on—
Len (VBS): Owwwww! Wait! Stop! You need to be more gentle! Ahhh!
An: You guys must be super sore... Okay, we'll be really gentle...
Rin (VBS): Owwww! D-Don't touch me there!
An: Uhh... Then, how about here?
Rin (VBS): Owww! N-Not there either!
An: Oh, I'm sorry! There, there. No more touching.
Rin (VBS): *Cry*
Toya: Carrying them in this state isn't going to be easy.
Kohane: What should we do?
Luka (VBS): Helping♪ Helping♪ I'm such a nice person♪ Delicious dessert and all the parfaits I want♪
Akito: Oh, Luka's pushing a dolly.
An: We can use that! Luka, stop! Please come help us!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Crase Cafe]

An: Hello! We have a delivery for you, MEIKO!
Luka (VBS): Along with Rin and Len♪ But they're apparently sore all over...
MEIKO (VBS): Okay... I get the gist of what happened.
MEIKO (VBS): Thank you all for bringing them over, An. You can leave the boxes there.
An: Okay!
Rin (VBS): Do you have any drinks that will help us feel less sore, MEIKO?
MEIKO (VBS): No, unfortunately... But I feel like a cold compress would be the better choice.
Kohane: Haha. You two are really having a bad time...
Toya: Come to think of it, Akito, did you or the others not experience this?
Akito: Yeah, of course we did. But we didn't become completely paralyzed like them.
An: Really? But you train and exercise regularly.
An: The workouts Haruka comes up with really are terrifying...
(Black cut)
