1069_An Shiraishi_R2 The Guy Behind Our Troubles (event_154)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[New York Academy of Music - Backstreet]

Kohane: Okay, I think we've covered all of this backstreet.
Len (VBS): <That was awesome! Especially the shop that carried only rare instruments from around the world!>
Toya: Yes, I recognized some of their names, but I was seeing most of them for the first time.
An: Yeah! I thought the waterphone Akito got to play with was really interesting!
KAITO (VBS): <Looking at it, I honestly had no idea what sorts of sounds it would produce!>
Akito: Same.
Akito: Even when I did get it to make a sound, I couldn't believe what I heard. It was pretty strange.
An: But you apparently played it correctly! The man at the shop even applauded you and said how good you were.
Kohane: It did look strange, but that sound was definitely unforgettable.
An: Yeah, it was a bit of a shock to my ears...
An: Hm? Oh, my dad's calling!
An: Hey, what's up?
An's Father: <Sorry for calling you so suddenly. Are you free right now?>
An: Yeah, we're just checking out the area around the music school we stayed at last night.
An's Father: <Taiga's manager told me what happened... Rough start to your trip, huh.>
An: So, you became worried and decided to call?
An's Father: <Yeah, I'd heard you found a safe place to stay, but I still wanted to check in.>
An: Thanks for thinking about us. We're doing just fine!
An: I mean, we got to spend a night at THE New York Academy of Music, so... Let's just call it a happy accident.
An's Father: <If you say so...>
KAITO (VBS): <Your dad seems like such a nice person.>
Taiga: <Hey, can you guys hear me?!>
Kohane: Wait, that voice...
An: Is Uncle Taiga with you?
An's Father: <Yes, the idiot who can't book the right dates for a hotel is sitting next to me.>
Taiga: <Hey, don't call me that. I got a reservation. It just happened to be one month from now! Hahaha!>
An: Uncle Taiga...
An's Father: <Oh, don't worry... He's going to get an earful from me later.>
Taiga: <Hey, I was kidding. It's an American-style joke. Get it?>
Akito: We just got here, so I doubt any of us are going to understand.
Taiga: <Haha! Where did you learn to talk back?>
Taiga: <Anyway, I am sorry about all the trouble I caused you guys.>
Manager: <Don't worry, everyone... Taiga's no longer allowed to handle anything like this.>
Taiga: <Hey, you don't need to pile on like that...>
Taiga: <I mean, I was just trying to be a generous host, since I was the one who invited them and all.>
An: Haha. It was actually kind of nostalgic.
An: Because you've had a habit of doing stuff like this for as long as I can remember!
Taiga: <The others don't need to know that. I'm feeling lamer by the second.>
Taiga: <But that'll change soon.>
Taiga: <Because you're going to forget about everything that happened after seeing my event.>
An: Yeah, we'll be looking forward to that!
An's Father: <An, is Toya with you?>
Toya: Y-Yes, I'm here.
An's Father: <I'm deeply sorry for what happened this time around. I'll be sure to properly thank your brother later for what he did.>
Toya: No, that's okay... He told me to let him know if we needed help.
An's Father: <I see...>
Manager: <Sorry, Ken, but we have to go...>
An's Father: <Ah, of course.>
An's Father: <Look after the others, An. And let me know if anything else happens.>
An: Okay, I will!
An's Father: <And keep an eye on An for me, you guys.>
Toya, Kohane & Akito: Yes. Yes! Okay.
Len (VBS): <Things sounded really busy on their end.>
Miku (VBS): <They are in the middle of getting ready for their event, after all.>
Toya: Taiga and Ken both sounded very excited about it.
Akito: Yeah, I'm honestly pretty stoked about getting to hear those two sing again.
Kohane: Me too! The only other time I got to hear them sing together was that video of RAD WEEKEND.
An: Now that you mention it, I haven't seen them perform together since that day either, I think.
An: Hehe. I can't wait for their event!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[New York Academy of Music - Cafeteria]

An: That supermarket was enormous!
An: The ceiling was really high, the shelves seemed to go on forever, and there were like twice as many aisles as in Japanese supermarkets!
Kohane: Yeah. I was really surprised when that student told us how the ones outside the city are even bigger.
Akito: Pretty sure we all thought it was more than big enough.
Toya: The shops on the backstreet we visited yesterday were all fairly small. It may've felt bigger as a result.
An: When we entered, I was like, “Whoa, this place is huge!” And our jaws hit the floor when we saw how big the carts were!
Akito: You and An could've probably ridden them.
Kohane: Yeah, I was honestly wondering why they were so big...
An: But it all became clear when we saw how big the stuff on the shelves was. Everything was gigantic.
An: The bags for the snacks were all like twice the size of what you see in Japan, remember?
Kohane: You could even get eggs in whole flats instead of just cartons of ten.
Toya: And we just happened to watch a family put two flats into their cart.
Akito: Other than running a business, why would anyone need that many eggs?
Toya: Maybe they're going to boil them?
Kohane: Scrambled eggs and omelets seem like they'd take a lot of eggs, but even so...
An: Not only did everything come in giant sizes, the variety was crazy too. Did you see how many different types of cereal they had?
An: Oh, that reminds me. One of the staff told you something by the cereal, Toya. What did they say?
Toya: Ah, that.
Toya: They said, “The blue box there is our top-selling cereal brand. If you can't decide, I'd pick that.”
Akito: They were talking really fast. You really understood what they were saying?
Toya: No, I'd be lying if I said I got everything perfectly.
Toya: I managed to catch individual words, but I had to make an educated guess from there given the grammar and sentence structure.
Kohane: Yeah, all you sometimes need are a few words and phrases to paint most of the picture.
Toya: With “top-selling” being the magic word in this case.
An: Top... Oh, right! That means it's been selling the most!
Toya: Most of the actual words the employee used were on the simpler side.
Toya: As long as you calmly listen to what someone has to say, you should be able to get a rough understanding.
An: Right...
An: I thought I'd gotten a lot better at speaking and listening, but I definitely still have a lot of room left for improvement...
Akito: Me too. My brain still freezes up a little whenever someone comes up to us and starts talking to us in English.
An: Yeah... But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: “Mr. Lloyd, are you and Toya's dad...?”
An: No, what was that word?! It's on the tip of my tongue!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Student Ａ: “The way you improvised towards the end there was great!”
Student Ｂ: “Wanna play again, you guys? We can try a different song this time!”
Akito: They all talk really fast, but I've understood what they've been saying...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

An: I wanna work on my listening skills, and get to where I can actually speak English with people!
An: Connecting with folks through music like we did at the session yesterday was fun too, and all.
An: But I want to actually talk to people about music. Like Mr. Lloyd and Toya's dad.
An: I wanna ask them about the music they like, how they got into music and so much more!
Akito: I've been getting the basic gist of what everyone's been saying, but I'm still having trouble responding. That's been a little frustrating.
An: Me too! We came all this way to the United States, so I wanna really understand what everyone's saying!
An: I don't think I've ever been more motivated to learn English!
Toya: Then, why don't we use this time to study?
Akito: Yeah, it's not like we have anything else to do.
Kohane: Let me help you, An!
An: Thanks, Kohane!
An: Alright, let's do this!
(Black cut)
