1152_An Shiraishi_R4 Acknowledging That Pain (event_163)

Gacha phrase: I'll make it happen, for sure.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Plaza]

Len (VBS): What you did just now was so cool, An!
Miku (VBS): Yes, that was staggering. Where did you learn that technique?
An: Hmm... It just came to me, you know?
An: Remember how we got to stay in the academy's dorms and sing with the students there?!
An: After hearing the way they improvise and rearrange songs, I've been trying out a bunch of new things!
Toya: I see. That would explain why you've been trying your hand at all those difficult singing techniques.
Akito: Yeah. Every time you try, you either hit it out of the park or whiff like no other.
An: Hey, I'm not expecting all of my experiments to succeed!
Kohane: Hehe. I actually really enjoy seeing you trying out all those different techniques, An.
An: Thank you, Kohane! That's what I wanted to hear!
An: Anyway, since that last part ended up going so well, wanna sing it again?
Kohane: Yeah!
An: Okay! Then, here we go!
(Black cut)
Luka (VBS): Oh, that went even better!
An: Woohoo! Then, I think I'll give this other technique I've been meaning to try out a whirl!
Rin (VBS): Oh, you're gonna try something else?! I wanna hear what it's like!
(Black cut)
Akito: That one also sounded pretty good. I just came up with something, so mind if I try it out?
An: Go for it!
(Black cut)
Toya: I see... A new idea to complement Shiraishi's techniques.
Kohane: Oh, in that case, I'd like to make a suggestion... It should help give our singing a little more depth.
Toya: Then, I'd like to make a suggestion as well.
An: No problem! Let's keep trying everything we can!
(Black cut)
Kohane: How did that sound?
Akito: Not bad, but I feel like it's missing something.
Toya: I definitely hesitated a little during that transition. I'll do a better job of getting in sync with you next time.
KAITO (VBS): In that case, I can try counting you in. That should make it easier for you to sing in unison.
(Black cut)
An: Awesome! That was our best attempt yet!
Akito: Yeah, we did what we set out to do.
An: Alright, while that's still fresh in our minds, we should—
MEIKO (VBS): Stop right there! Could you all wait a second?
An: MEIKO?
MEIKO (VBS): Sorry for throwing you off your groove, but you should take a break. You've already been at it for four hours.
An: What?
Akito: Really? We've been at it that long...?
Len (VBS): We had no idea either!
Miku (VBS): You were all totally focused on perfecting this song.
Luka (VBS): It was fun to watch MEIKO's brow get increasingly furrowed with each passing hour.
MEIKO (VBS): If you were aware, then you should've spoken up.
MEIKO (VBS): In any case, it's break time! I'll need some of you to help me bring the drinks I made over from the cafe.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
An: I brought over those bottles like you asked, MEIKO...!
MEIKO (VBS): Thank you. Could you put them over there for me?
An: Okay!
KAITO (VBS): Still, those four hours just flew by as you practiced, didn't they?
Kohane: Yes, they did. I think that was because we spent time trying out all those different ideas.
An: Haha! Things really snowballed as soon as we started testing things out.
Kohane: Yeah, because that first idea made us think of even more ideas that we thought would really work.
An: Exactly! And we couldn't stop coming up with ideas after things got going!
An: Which is why singing with you guys is so much fun!
An: (There really is nothing better than having teammates who all are serious about reaching the top!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Kagamine Rin, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

An: Hello!
MEIKO (VBS): An, Rin, welcome. All done practicing for the day?
Rin (VBS): Yeah, for now!
MEIKO (VBS): For now? Does this mean you're just taking a break? Are you going to keep practicing afterwards?
An: No, I'm going to work on my English!
An: I'd rather head over to the plaza where Kohane and Miku are practicing...
Rin (VBS): But she said she still has some studying left to do, so she's gonna work on that instead.
MEIKO (VBS): I see. You're really doing your best, aren't you?
An: I am! I want to both get a better understanding of the language and spend more time speaking it!!
MEIKO (VBS): That's wonderful! By the way, what about your studies besides English...?
An: Huh?
An: Hahaha... Y-Yeah, I'll need to do something about that...
MEIKO (VBS): To be fair, you've already taken a massive step by overcoming your phobia of English.
MEIKO (VBS): So, since you're studying so hard, I think you deserve a bit of dessert as a reward.
An: Woohoo! Thank you so much!
Rin (VBS): I'm doing my best to cheer her on, MEIKO! And I promise to keep rooting for her lots and lots!
MEIKO (VBS): Alright, Rin, I'll get some for you too.
Rin (VBS): Yes!
An: Oh, that reminds me...! Kohane told me something interesting when I stopped by the plaza earlier.
An: After we touched those black fragments, she said you guys kept calling out our names while we were trapped in that dream.
MEIKO (VBS): Yes, we were hoping that we'd be able to wake you all up.
Rin (VBS): We were absolutely certain that you'd come back to us.
An: Thank you both, MEIKO, Rin.
MEIKO (VBS): There's no need to thank us. After all, it's our duty to watch over all of you.
Rin (VBS): Really? I wouldn't mind being thanked more.
Rin (VBS): Oh, I know! I've gone back to check up on that tree a few times since then.
An: Really? Any changes?
Rin (VBS): No. After it went through that growth spurt, nothing has really changed.
An: I see...
An: MEIKO, didn't you say how that tree and our feelings are linked somehow?
MEIKO (VBS): Yes, I suspect that's the case.
An: Hmm... In other words, if we grow as a team or if our feelings change, then something should happen, right?
Rin (VBS): Yeah, probably!
Rin (VBS): I mean, not only was that plaza created, but now we can go down those new alleyways since that big wall's gone!
Rin (VBS): So, what do you think is gonna happen next?
An: Anything is fine as long as it doesn't cause us any trouble!
MEIKO (VBS): Alright, you two. Here are your usual drinks.
An & Rin: Thank you! Thanks!
MEIKO (VBS): You're welcome.
MEIKO (VBS): By the way, An, how's your studying coming along?
An: Oh no, I forgot! That's why I'm here in the first place!
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. Do your best.
Rin (VBS): If you need my support, An, let me know! I'm always ready to cheer for you!
An: Thanks, Rin!
An: (It's so nice knowing that someone is right there to support you.)
An: (Because it means I'm not alone.)
An: Alright, let's do this!
(Black cut)
