1184_An Shiraishi_R2 Excited & Anxious (event_169)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

An: Hello.
MEIKO (VBS): Oh, An, welcome.
An: Wait, where are the others today?
MEIKO (VBS): They were here a second ago. They just went out somewhere to sing.
MEIKO (VBS): Are you by yourself today, An?
An: Yes. I've been feeling kinda anxious, so I decided to come here to unwind a little.
MEIKO (VBS): Oh...
MEIKO (VBS): I see. Then, I'll get you some hot milk. I'll even add plenty of honey to make it extra sweet!
An: Yay! Thank you so much!
An: *Sigh* Still, why am I feeling so anxious?
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. I think it's natural for you to feel that way. After all, the big event is tomorrow.
An: Right...
An: It's gonna be the single biggest event I've ever been to, by any scale.
An: Tens of thousands are going to be there to watch it, and the artists performing are always at the top of the charts.
An: You don't get many chances in life to see an event like this one!
MEIKO (VBS): I'm sure you're going to enjoy it very much.
An: I know I am! Also...
An: I'm super excited about getting to see my dad and Uncle Taiga performing together on stage again!
MEIKO (VBS): You haven't heard them sing together for quite a while, yes?
An: That's right. I know they're going to be absolutely amazing...!
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. I can really feel your excitement, An.
MEIKO (VBS): An...?
An: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to clam up just now! Umm...
An: I was just reminded of some stuff, you know?
An: About Aunt Nagi.
An: I know I'm never going to get to see the three of them sing together ever again, but still...
MEIKO (VBS): An...
MEIKO (VBS): I understand. Even though you know the truth, your heart feels what it feels.
MEIKO (VBS): After all, she was so important to you.
An: Yeah.
An: Still, I'm definitely more excited for tomorrow, no matter what.
An: I know those two are gonna blow these sad feelings right out of me!
MEIKO (VBS): Hehe. There's that beautiful smile of yours. I'm feeling better, myself.
MEIKO (VBS): Anyway, here's your milk. And for making me smile...
MEIKO (VBS): A slice of cake on me!
An: Oh, it's mille-feuille!
MEIKO (VBS): Remember how you said the mille-feuille you had in New York the other day was so good?
MEIKO (VBS): After hearing about it, I decided to try and bake one myself. I hope you like it, An.
An: Hehe. Woohoo! Then, without further ado...!
An: Mmmm! This is amazing, MEIKO! You really are the best!
MEIKO (VBS): Hearing you say that makes it all worth it.
An: Hey, MEIKO?
MEIKO (VBS): What is it?
An: Thank you. I feel a little better now after talking to you.
MEIKO (VBS): I see. I'm glad to hear it.
MEIKO (VBS): Please have as much fun as you can tomorrow.
An: I will...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[SONIC NOTES]

An: Wow! They were so amazing!!
Kohane: Yeah, I was completely blown away. It's hard to believe that a three-piece band could put on such a powerful performance...
Toya: Despite how large this venue is, they made it feel like we were all in the front row of the audience.
Akito: Yeah, that was pretty cool. I guess this is what it means to be world-class...
Cedric: All of these artists have made this venue theirs after taking the stage. That's the biggest proof that they're top performers.
An: Yeah, I totally agree. And the crowd's been going absolutely wild.
An: It's like they're into everything, you know? Like they all came here to have as much fun as they can.
Kohane: Even when that street group performed, the audience reacted really well.
Akito: You always hear that Americans are expressive, but seeing it live like this is something else.
Cedric: Things probably feel a little different compared to Japan, but this is pretty normal here.
Slade: Yeah, we noticed that about audiences in Japan after performing there a few times.
An: People back home don't usually show what they're feeling so openly, I guess.
Kohane: Japanese people might be a little less expressive compared to everyone here.
An: Yeah, but when things get going, they'll bounce off the walls like crazy!
Slade: Haha. True! The atmosphere at RAD BLAST was pretty awesome!
An: Haha. Thanks. I'm glad you guys had a good time!
Toya: You may have more in common with the audience over here, Shiraishi.
An: Wait, you think so?
Akito: He brings up a good point... You get just about as pumped as them whenever you go to see a show.
An: I mean, my body just sorta starts moving on its own.
An: Isn't it normal to cheer like crazy during a really amazing show?!
Slade: I know what you mean! There's nothing like becoming one with everyone by cheering together!
Cedric: It's an integral part of a good event.
Kohane: Becoming one with everyone...
Kohane: I might try doing that.
Akito: What's gotten into you all of a sudden?
Kohane: We're here in the United States, so shouldn't we try to enjoy it as much as we can?
Kohane: If I can cheer just as much as the people around me, I think I'll get a better feeling for the event itself.
An: Yeah, that's a great idea! We can do that together!
An: Oh, the next group's about to take the stage!
An: Join me, Kohane! Yay!!
Kohane: Y-Yay...!
An: Yeah, that's it! But I know you can be a lot louder!
An: One more time! Yay!!
Kohane: Yay!
Slade: Oh, that's much better!
An: Yeah! I can tell you're having a lot of fun!
Kohane: Hehe. Thank goodness...
Akito: What are those goofballs up to?
Cedric: They certainly seem to be enjoying themselves.
Toya: I do agree that you need to dive in headfirst if you wish to experience a culture properly.
Toya: I've made up my mind. I'll join in as well.
Akito: What? You're kidding, right?
An: Oh, good man, Toya! We can all cheer together!
An: Yay!!
(Black cut)
