1213_An Shiraishi_R4 Waving With A Smile (event_175)

Skill name: Competing With My Rivals
Gacha phrase: We'll see you guys again soon!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi)

[New York City - Park]

An: Man, this park's gigantic!
Toya: Yes, it is. Not only is there plenty of greenery, it offers nice views. You could spend a whole day here without ever getting bored.
Rebecca: It's popular for jogging and picnics and stuff too. Some people even come from around the world just to see this park!
Elena: Oh, hey! Since we're here, why don't we all take a look around?
Cedric: That sounds nice. We probably don't have time to see everything, but we can probably split up and cover one or two areas.
An: I'm game!
Kohane: I saw a map of the park over there. Let's go see what it has to offer!
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

An: Wow...! This place has tennis courts and an obstacle course! And these basketball courts are really well-kept too!
Rebecca: Just seeing them makes me want to exercise.
Slade: Yeah, I know what you mean! I pass by here from time to time during my runs, but people who are practicing always seem to wanna talk...
???: “Oh, Slade!”
Slade: “Right on cue... Hey! Are you three here to shoot some hoops again today?”
Basketball Player B: “Yup! Wait, you're here with Rebecca from illys?! But I don't recognize your other friends...”
An: “Oh, nice to meet you...! I'm An Shiraishi!”
Slade: “She's visiting from Japan, and she's one heck of a singer!”
Basketball Player B: “Really? She must be good if you're willing to say that, Slade!”
An: “Come listen to us if you ever get a chance. We guarantee you'll be amazed!”
Basketball Player A: “Hey, wait a second. There's three of them...”
Basketball Player A: “Hey! Wanna play some three-on-three with us?”
An: Huh...?
(Black cut)
An: I definitely wasn't expecting this. Who'd guess the three of us would end up playing basketball?
Rebecca: I know, right? Anyway, let's just have fun with it.
Slade: I promise not to miss, so don't be afraid to pass me the ball from wherever! The first team to lead by two buckets wins, so let's try to close things out fast!
An: Right!
An: (That being said, they're making it hard to pass the ball to him. I think I have to find my own way around them...)
An: (Oh, I have an opening!)
Slade: Whoa, nice fake! That was a total ankle breaker...!
An: (Alright, I'm through! Now I just have to... Oh!)
An: (Becky's in a good spot! If I pass it to her for now, and—)
An: Over here! Pass it back to me!
Rebecca: Okay! Lay it in, An!
An & Rebecca: Yay! Woohoo!
Slade: Wow! Nice one, An! You got that bucket for us so fast!
An: Thanks! I have to thank Becky for going along with me so well.
Rebecca: No, you did most of the work.
Slade: That fake you did to get by was so cool! Did you used to play basketball or something?
An: A little bit. I used to play one-on-one a lot against this one girl.
Rebecca: Oh, you had a rival? I bet she could really move too.
Basketball Player B: “Nice one...! But we'll stop you guys next time!”
(Black cut)
An: Huff... Huff... This isn't good. I can't find a way past them.
Rebecca: They've all been keeping a really close eye on you, An.
Slade: After seeing what she can do, it's no wonder they're locking her down. They've locked in now too.
Rebecca: Yeah. They've tied our score now too... We might be in trouble.
An: Yeah...
An: Oh, that's it! I think I've got a good play!
An: Huddle up, you guys.
(Black cut)
An: (Great, time to start the play! Slade's got the ball, so he'll draw their attention...)
An: (I'll slip away while they're all focused on Slade!)
Basketball Player A: “No, don't let her go free!”
Basketball Player B: “She's running towards Slade! I think she's gonna take the ball from him!”
An: (That means they're gonna start coming after me. But!)
An & Slade: “Becky!”
Rebecca: Nice pass! Leave the rest to me!
Rebecca, An & Slade: “We win!”
Basketball Player A: “How'd you guys pull that off at the end?!”
An: “Hehe. We were in perfect sync, right?!”
Slade: “We really got you guys there! An came up with that play!”
Basketball Player A: “This is so frustrating! I want a rematch, but...”
An: “Sorry, we need to go meet back up with the others!”
Rebecca: As for our rematch, it'll have to wait until the next time you visit the US, An.
An: Yeah! I'll be looking forward to that!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi)

[Outside a supermarket]

An's Voice (An): Thanks for waiting, Dad!
Ken: Hm? Just you?
An: The others are still shopping! But they should be here soon!
An: I came back first because I wanted to give you this. Here!
Ken: A coffee...?
An: Yeah, as thanks for agreeing to drive us to the airport!
Ken: Haha. Thanks. In that case, I happily accept.
An: Still, it feels like it's been forever since we all rode in a car with you.
An: It really reminds me of how you drove us around to all those venues during our training.
Ken: Oh yeah, true. We went out a few times a week back then.
An: Exactly. Back then, I never could've imagined we'd be in the States someday.
Ken: Haha. Neither could I. So, now that you're here, how has your experience been?
An: Really fun! We've gotten to hear so much music right at the epicenter of the street scene!
An: Also, we got to visit a ton of shops. Including that cafe by the academy with a stage inside!
An: Apparently, it's somewhere local music lovers like to hang out. The atmosphere was a little different, but I did sort of feel like I was back at our place.
An: By the way, Dad, have you been talking to Mom?
Ken: Yeah, we're doing our best to stay in touch now that we're living apart like this.
Ken: Speaking of her, she's been talking all about you lately.
An: Wait, really?
Ken: Yeah, so be sure to let her see your smiling face once you get back to Japan. That's the best souvenir you can give her.
An: Right...
An: Okay, I'll do that!
An: So, what else have you been talking about with Mom?
Ken: About our business and how we've been doing. That, and complaints she has about work.
An: Right. Mom only ever talks about that stuff with you.
Ken: Wait, why are you snickering?
An: No reason. Don't mind me.
An: (Dad hasn't changed at all.)
An: (He even put on an amazing performance during SONIC NOTES.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: (He's still who I thought was the coolest person in the world when I was little. No, he sang better than he did back then...)
An: (Now I see. This has to be why Mom was able to see him off with a smile when he stepped back onto the stage.)
An: (They must be feeling pretty lonely since they don't get to be together, but...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
An: What? You and Uncle Taiga are gonna start singing over in the US as a team?!
Ken: Yeah, that's the plan. But that does mean being away from home...
An: Hmm...
An: I guess this means we're rivals now, Dad.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: (That probably made Mom really happy as well. I mean, she loves how cool Dad looks whenever he sings...)
An: Make sure to show Mom just how much you appreciate her for letting you come over to the United States like this, okay?
Ken: Haha. I will. Especially since she told me not to come back home until I've stood on top of the world, so I'm feeling real motivated.
Ken: So, I have some souvenirs that I need you to take back to her. I'll give them to you a little later.
An: Okay, got it!
An: I also need to figure out what to get her. And there's so much I wanna talk about...
(Black cut)
