1254_An Shiraishi_R4 Savoring This Moment (event_181)

Skill name: A Pledge Between Friends
Gacha phrase: We'll get to keep having tons of fun every day.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Nene Kusanagi)

[Kamiyama High School - Classroom]

An: Argh! There's no end to this!
Akito: Seriously...! They assigned us way too much homework!
Toya: But this is what we have to do in order to catch back up after visiting the United States.
Toya: We should keep doing our best, and be thankful to the teachers for setting aside time to prepare supplementary classes and homework assignments for us.
Toya: If we don't catch back up soon, we're going to fall even further behind during class.
Akito: Yeah, true... I did sorta panic during our first few classes after coming back.
An: Yeah...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Math Teacher: All of you should be able to solve this problem, right? The formula you need to use is—
An: (Where'd this formula come from?! This is my first time seeing it!)
(White cut)
Japanese History Teacher: The Kyoho Reforms, which were instigated by Tokugawa Yoshimune as part of his fiscal reconstruction policies—
An: (Huh? What happened to Ieyasu? Where'd he go?!)
(White cut)
Chemistry Teacher: You'll be taking a quiz today. But you should all do fine as long as you paid attention during our last few classes.
An: (No, there are way too many words I don't know...!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: I really didn't know what was going on...
An: There were times before when I didn't understand what was happening during class, but this was on a different level...
Toya: If you don't catch up now, things are only going to get worse moving forward.
Toya: Which would mean you'll once again be placed in a situation where you may get held back.
An & Akito: *Wince*
Akito: I want to spend more time focusing on singing, but I also want to avoid being held back at all costs...
An: Me too... We only have a few more days of supplementary classes left, so let's keep doing our best...
Nene: Huh...? You guys are still here, Shiraishi?
An: Oh, Kusanagi!
Akito: We thought you went home.
Nene: Oh, so, I forgot that I had to return a book to the library...
Nene: You guys are still working on those supplementary worksheets? They must've assigned a lot if you're here this late...
An: Yeah, they did... And my brain feels like it's ready to burst...
Toya: Just a little further to go, Shiraishi.
Toya: You'll be done for today once you've finished going over the culture and reforms of the Edo period.
An: Still, memorizing stuff from Japanese history around this time is so hard because of all the changes that happened...
Akito: It's all a big mess of reforms and cultural changes.
Nene: Umm... It might be better to think of those things as a set since they affect one another.
An: Umm... What do you mean?
Nene: For example...
(Black cut)
Nene: Which is apparently how the Genroku culture developed...
An: Whoa! Are you a Japanese history buff or something, Kusanagi?!
Nene: N-No, I just happen to know that...!
Nene: We did a show set in the Edo period a while back, which made me want to do some research. That's why...
Akito: But I like your way of remembering this stuff, Kusanagi. It does seem better to chain everything together.
Toya: Yes, and you're such a great teacher.
Nene: N-No, I'm really not...!
An: But you are! I feel like I'm gonna have an easier time now!
Nene: I appreciate you saying that, but...
Nene: Umm... Want me to teach you guys what I can? I'd like to help out if possible.
An: Really...?!
Akito: Are you sure...?!
Nene: *Nod*
Toya: Your help will be much appreciated, Kusanagi.
Nene: In return... Once things have settled down, I'd like to hear all about your trip to the United States.
An: You got a deal! We're gonna tell you more stories than you can handle!
An: Thank you so much for doing this!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Beach]

An: Oh, I think everybody's already gathered at the venue for the after-party!
Kohane: Yeah. It looks like they're chatting while waiting to start.
Kohane: Oh, I think they're passing out drinks over there. I'll go get us some. You wait here, An.
An: Wait, I'll go with you.
Kohane: No, that's okay. I mean, you did such an amazing job on stage today!
Kohane: Anyway, I'll be right back!
An: *Sigh* (The energy from the festival's still lingering inside my body...)
An: (But the sea breeze feels really nice...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: (We got to put on such an amazing performance today.)
An: (Our singing brought the crowd together as one, the heat in the venue just kept going up and up...)
An: (And it all made my heart race crazy fast!)
An: (But we were only able to put on that performance because the others did such a good job of setting the stage for us...!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: (Wonderlands×Showtime immediately grabbed the crowd's attention and gave us the best start possible.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
An: (Then, Leo/need really got them going by putting on an absolutely stunning performance!)
An: (After that—)
???: An!
Haruka: Great performance.
An: Th-Thanks...
Haruka: Is something wrong? It looked like you were spacing out just now.
An: Haha. I was thinking about everything that happened. That festival was just so much fun...
An: Because everyone put on amazing performances and the crowd went really wild, you know...?
Haruka: Yeah, every performance was incredible.
Haruka: You and your team were really cool, An.
Haruka: Remember how you sang by yourself in the beginning? The audience had totally become yours in that moment.
Haruka: Then, the more you all sang, the more the atmosphere in the venue changed.
Haruka: Only your team can put on that kind of performance. I don't think the festival could've been closed out any better.
An: Wait, what's going on...? Why are you showering me with so much praise?
Haruka: I'm giving you my honest opinion.
An: But I thought MMJ was really amazing too!
An: Your singing and dancing was flawless! And you had the crowd eating out of your hand!
An: Plus, the way you all interacted with them in between songs was great! It was amazing how you made the entire venue yours!
An: Your performance was dazzling to the point of being blinding! I couldn't take my eyes off any of you.
Haruka: Hehe. Thanks.
An: Also...
An: I'd been thinking a lot recently about how much I've grown.
An: But you and your group have leveled up so much since the last time I saw all of you...
An: I thought to myself that I truly didn't want to lose to you.
An: I wanted to show you that I'd also grown and made progress towards making my dream a reality.
An: I stood on that stage while thinking that I had to prove those things to you, Haruka.
Haruka: An...
Haruka: Then, that makes two of us.
An: Huh...?
Haruka: Your team's performance also made me think that I can't let you hog all the glory.
An: Wait a second. Does that mean we both don't want to lose to each other?
Haruka: That sounds right to me.
Haruka: It's like we're back in elementary school.
An: Then, wanna do what we used to do? We can have a competition to see who makes their dream come true first!
Haruka: Oh, a competition? Well... If that's how you want to do it, then...
Haruka: Challenge accepted.
An: Hehe. That's what I like to hear! But sadly for you, I'm going to make mine come true first!
Haruka: Hehe. Are you sure about that? Now that I've accepted, I don't plan on losing to you.
An: Oh? That's pretty big talk.
(Black cut)
