53_Emu Otori_R1 Hyper★Positive

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-B]

Emu: Gym class is next! Wahohoy♪
Honami: Oh, Emu...
Classmate A: Hehe, Emu's always so perky.
Classmate B: Yeah. It must be nice to not have to worry about anything.
Honami: True...
Honami: (But is it possible for someone to no worries at all?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Classmate A: Okay, see you tomorrow! You're going for your part-time job now, Honami?
Honami: Yes. Have fun with club activities, everyone!
Classmate B: You have fun too. Bye!
Honami: I will. See you tomorrow!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Honami: Oh?
Emu: Hm...
Honami: (Is she looking outside? But she seems a little sad...)
Honami: Um, Emu...
Emu: Hm?
Emu: Huh? Honami! What's the matter?
Honami: Oh, sorry for interrupting your thoughts. I was just wondering why you were still here.
Honami: I mean, you would usually dash out of the classroom immediately after homeroom, right? But you're still here today, so I couldn't help but wonder...
Emu: Yes! That's exactly it!
Honami: Exactly...what?
Emu: I could hardly wait and was just about to KABOOM my way out, but...
Emu: Today's inspection day...
Honami: Inspection day? Oh, right! You're working in Phoenix Wonderland as one of the cast members, right?
Emu: Yup♪ I perform on stage every day after school!
Emu: But I had to take today off because the park is closed for inspection... Even though the inspection's only for the attractions and not the stages...
Honami: I see. That's a real shame...
Honami: You really love performing on stage, don't you?
Emu: Yeah! I do! And you know, our show is really, really cool!
Emu: Robo-Nene goes, Lalala, as it sings and the mascots go, Graaar! as fearsome dragons!
Honami: Robo-Nene? Mascot dragons?
Emu: Yup! So our show's bound to make everyone smile☆
Honami: Hehe, it sounds fun!
Honami: That does make it very sad that you can't go today.
Emu: Yeah... And also...
Honami: (Hm? She's looking outside again...)
Emu: I don't like evenings.
Honami: Huh? Why not?
Emu: Because evenings make it feel like another fun day's about to come to an end.
Honami: Oh...
Honami: Emu, is there something you're worried about?
Honami: (Ah, I'm trying to meddle again...)
Emu: Of course I'm worried about stuff!
Emu: But I've made some friends lately who've been helping me out! So I'm sure it'll all work out somehow!
Honami: Friends...
Honami: Okay. They must be really nice people.
Emu: They are!
Emu: Hey, I know! I'll go look for them now☆
Emu: Come with me, Honami!
Honami: What?!
Honami: I-I'm sorry. I'm really happy to be invited along, but I have work today, so...
Emu: Aww. It can't be helped, then!
Emu: In that case, come watch our show one of these days! I'll introduce you to my friends!
Emu: Promise me you will! Pinky promise!
Honami: I will. Pinky promise.
Emu: Okay, I'll see you tomorrow then, Honami!
Emu: Wahahaha!
Honami: Hehe... I'll definitely go watch your show, Emu.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama High School - Corridor]

Akito: We still have some time before the live show starts. Wanna drop by Ken's place for a bit?
Toya: Sure. Hm?
Emu: Hey hey hey! You guys over there!
Akito: Whoa?! Wh-What the?
Emu: There's a guy in this school who goes Hahahaha! and strikes weird poses out of nowhere, right?!
Akito: Huh? We don't have someone so crazy in thi—
Toya: Are you referring to Tsukasa?
Emu: Yes, that's him! Do you know what class he's in?
Toya: He's in 2-A. Go up those stairs there and turn right.
Emu: Yay, thanks! Handshake thanks!
Akito: Whoa?!
Toya: Ah!
Emu: Bye then♪
Akito: Wh-What was that all about? And she's clearly not a student of this school. Why'd you tell her where the classroom was?
Toya: She knows Tsukasa, so it'll be fine.
Akito: On the contrary... That's even worse.
Akito: I have nothing but bad feelings about this. Hey, let's just head over to Ken's before we get dragged into anything.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nene: (Rui's talking to him about something...)
Nene: (But I can't hear what they're saying. If only I had Robo-Nene with me...)
Emu: Let's see... 2-A, 2-A... Where's 2-A?
Nene: Huh? Wh-Why is Emu here?!
Emu: Hmmm?
Nene: Ah!
Emu: Mhm? That girl just now really looked like Robo-Nene...
Emu: I know! She must be a look-alike! Hm?
Emu: Ah! Found classroom 2-A☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Rui: Hi, Tsukasa! So we're going to discuss our plans for the stage production in this classroom?
Tsukasa: Yes. There's no one else around at the moment so it's the perfect spot, really. We have plenty of things to do even on inspection day! Hm?
Emu: Sideways wonderhoy assault!
Tsukasa: Y-You?! What're you doing here?!
Emu: I found Tsukasa and Rui!
Rui: Well, if it isn't Emu! Welcome to our school.
Tsukasa: Why are you welcoming her like this is perfectly normal?!
Tsukasa: In the first place, Emu! You're not even a student of this—
Teacher: Is someone there?
Tsukasa: Ugh! Rui, hide Emu!
Emu: Whoa-whee?!
Teacher: Oh, it's you two. Some students outside said they heard the strange squealing of someone from another school just now. Do you guys know anything about that?
Tsukasa: N-No, sir! We didn't see anything! Absolutely nothing at all!
Teacher: Really? Well if you do see anything, let me know.
Emu: Hey, was he talking about me just now?
Tsukasa: Who else could it be?! This is really bad. We need to get you out before you're—
Teacher: Oh, by the way.
Tsukasa: Y-Yes, sir?!
Teacher: Go home soon if you have nothing to do here, okay?
Tsukasa: Y-Yes! We're going! We're going right now!
Tsukasa: Sigh... I almost had a heart attack...
Emu: Are you okay? You look so tired. Do you wanna hear me sing a happy song?
Tsukasa: No!
Tsukasa: Ugh... Why take the trouble to come all the way here anyway?
Emu: Because I'm the only one in a different school, the stage is closed so we can't practice today, and it's no fair that I don't get to meet everyone!
Rui: She has a point.
Rui: We should find a place where we can still meet together even on days with no practice sessions.
Rui: That would allow us to discuss things like the script and practice menu together at any time.
Emu: Whoa! Fantastic idea, Rui!
Rui: I'm honored by your compliment.
Tsukasa: Well, I guess we could go to a nearby diner for today...
Emu: Yes! Let's go to that diner, like right now♪
Tsukasa: Hey! Don't just step out without checking first! What if the teachers see you?
Emu: Hehehe♪ I can't help myself because I'm so happy♪
(Black cut)
