54_Emu Otori_R2 Wonderlands×Showtime

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Emu: Wonderhoy!
Tsukasa: Whoa!
Tsukasa: Emu, are you trying to give me a heart attack? What are you doing here anyway?!
Emu: Hehehe! I dropped in to see you♪
Tsukasa: You can't just sneak into people's schools whenever you want to see them! So, what do you want?
Emu: Look, I brought you these!
Tsukasa: Seriously, you dumped a pile of photos on my desk?!
Tsukasa: Hold on... Are these from our shows?
Emu: Yeah, the mascots took them! They're pretty good, right?
Tsukasa: Point out ONE that's good!
Emu: What do you mean? You don't like them?
Tsukasa: No! None of them shows ME being awesome!
Tsukasa: I'm out of the frame in every picture. They're all focused on you...
Emu: But look at this one! They caught you mid-blink. You look so dopey, haha♪
Tsukasa: Are you even listening?!
Emu: I am! But why are you so angry?
Tsukasa: Because there are no good pictures here!
Emu: That's not true! They're very good, every one of them! Look at this one for example!
Emu: Robo-Nene's doing her razzle dazzle thing!
Emu: And this picture's so aaah but also yee-haw whoa hoy hoy!
Tsukasa: Sigh...
Tsukasa: I don't understand what aaah yee-haw whoa hoy hoy is supposed to mean...
Tsukasa: But this is a decent photo, I give you that.
Emu: Told you!
Tsukasa: Your park mascots know how to capture photogenic moments.
Tsukasa: Urgh, what am I saying!? They didn't photograph me at all!
Emu: Found it!
Tsukasa: You're ignoring me again!
Emu: See this girl? She looks familiar, right?
Tsukasa: Where? You mean this blurry person in the audience?
Emu: Yeah! Lately, she's been coming to our shows every week!
Tsukasa: Hmm... Was there someone like that?
Emu: How can you not remember the hammie girl who's always sitting in the same seat?
Tsukasa: Hammie? What is that?
Emu: You really don't know what I'm talking about? Her cheeks go poof-poof like this!
Tsukasa: Her cheeks...go poof-poof?
Emu: Yeah! It's totally poof-poof but, at the end, she always explodes into a smile♪
Tsukasa: Sorry, I have no idea who that is. But...
Tsukasa: If she's showing up every week, she could be our most devoted fan.
Emu: Yup yup!
Emu: That's big news, right? I've got to tell Nene and Rui!
Emu: I'll go show them the photos!
Tsukasa: Wait up, Emu! You forgot some! Come back and pick them all up, you hear?!
Emu: Neneee♪ Ruiii♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

High School Student A: When is the show starting?
High School Student B: I'm so excited for it. The last one was really funny!
Child: Why's it taking so long?
Emu: Let's see if she's in her usual seat...
Emu: Yes, there she is! The poofy-cheek hammie girl!
Tsukasa: Oh, that girl sitting on the right? I do actually remember seeing her!
Rui: Hmm. Indeed, I've seen her too.
Nene: Yeah. She comes all the time.
Emu: So you noticed her too?
Nene: It's hard not to. She's always watching us with this...intensity.
Nene: She reacts to everything so vividly, the emotions clearly expressed on her face.
Tsukasa: Well, well. That's great, it means she's enjoying every moment of our shows!
Rui: Now that I think of it, the few times she didn't seem thrilled, our shows received a lukewarm reaction from the rest of the audience, too.
Rui: Which means it's not the case of her being easily impressed, but of not disguising her true emotions.
Tsukasa: She keeps coming to see our shows even though they can be hit or miss with her...
Tsukasa: Heh, we've gotten ourselves a loyal fan. That's all thanks to my star power!
Emu: It's so nice that she keeps wanting to see us on stage♪
Emu: Say guys, shouldn't we do a ta-ta-ta-ta-daaah for her?
Tsukasa: Do what?
Rui: Prepare a surprise for her? A splendid idea, Emu, as usual.
Tsukasa: How did you understand what she meant?!
Nene: Come on, you can figure this one out with a monkey brain.
Tsukasa: A mind-reading monkey brain, maybe!
Nene: What sort of thing could we do for her?
Rui: Hmm. Let me think...
Rui: We could feature balloon art in a part during our show. We'd invite her to come on stage and drape our balloon art over her.
Emu: Yesss! I like it. Let's do it!
Emu: She's got that cute hammie face, so let's make her a hammie balloon!
Tsukasa: Like I said, what the heck is a hammie?
Rui: Sure, Emu. I know in fact how to make hamster balloons. You twist it like this and then...
Nene: Huh, I didn't know you could make a hamster, too.
Emu: Oooh, I want to make one too!
Nene: Me too.
Tsukasa: You make me feel like I'm surrounded by a bunch of little children...
Tsukasa: Oh well, it's not without entertaining value, and if it's going to make our most loyal fan happy, then let's do it!
Rui: Hehe. Each one of us could make a hamster balloon in a different color for her.
Nene: That sounds good.
Emu: You get my supersize elephant seal of approval♪
Tsukasa: Okay! Mine will be golden!
Tsukasa: Wait a sec, look at the time! We should be starting our performance!
Emu: You're right! Let's begin our show with a special treat for our number one fan!
(Black cut)
Emu: Hehehe! Our balloon jamboree was a success!
Nene: It wasn't so much balloon art as balloon armor towards the end.
Rui: Hehe, the girl was enjoying it so much, I couldn't stop myself from making more and more balloons.
Emu: We made her laugh so much! It made me really happy too! We should do more shows like this♪
Tsukasa: Hahahaha! Like this, and better!
Rui: Indeed. What would you like to show next?
Emu: Um... What would be fun... Oh, of course!
Emu: A show that's 100% wonderhoy☆
(Black cut)
