55_Emu Otori_R3 Time For A Strategy Meeting!

Gacha phrase: How shall we welcome them?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Sigh... Where did that person who was performing with the robots go?
Emu: Why isn't he coming again? I've been looking all over!
Tsukasa: Hey, why are you turning that garbage bin upside down?
Emu: I'm looking for the performer with the robots!
Tsukasa: He can't possibly be hiding in a garbage bin!
Emu: Really? I mean, he was so weird! It's totally possible he would do something weird like this, right?!
Emu: Robot guy, are you there?
Tsukasa: Sigh... Listen Emu. There's no need for you to waste time looking anymore. And that's because...
Tsukasa: I've already found him!
Emu: Whaaat?!
Emu: That's awesome! How'd you find him, though?! Are you actually a detective in disguise?!
Tsukasa: Hmph, finding a person is a breeze for someone like me!
Emu: You're so amazing, Tsukasa! Like Sherlock Homeless!
Tsukasa: It's Holmes!
Tsukasa: Anyway, I've already told him to drop by today. We'll go get him together later!
Emu: Sir, yes, sir!
Emu: That means we have to get ready for a grand reception!
Tsukasa: Grand reception?
Emu: Everybody, gather around! Okay, so I want you to do this, and then that, and then mumbo jumbo...
Mascot: *nods*
Tsukasa: Hey, what are you telling the mascots to do? Let me in on it.
Emu: Tsukasa, can you stand over there for a minute?
Tsukasa: What? Over here?
Emu: Yup!
Emu: Okay, let's do this!
Mascot: *nods*
Tsukasa: O-Okay? Do what exactly?
Emu: Ready... GO!
Mascot: ...
(White cut)
Tsukasa: Whoa! Th-The mascots just launched her into the air...
Tsukasa: Wait, why's she falling straight down towards me—
(White cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Big Welcome Cannon!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: AAAAAAaaaAaaAAaAAAHhhhHH!!
(White cut)
Emu: Oomph!
Tsukasa: Wh-Whoa, that was a beautiful landing... Like it matters! You would've crashed straight into me if I hadn't moved out of the way!
Tsukasa: Were you trying to kill me or something?!
Emu: I like to use Big Welcome Cannon to give someone a grand reception!
Emu: Hehe, what did you think? Was it impactful enough?
Tsukasa: There's no need for a welcoming greeting to have that much impact! Do something more normal!
Emu: Why?! I just wanted to drive home the point that he's very welcome here...
Tsukasa: It's such an intense point that you'll be driving him away instead! After all the trouble I went through to get him to even show up in the first place!
Emu: Hm? Will that happen?
Tsukasa: Listen. First impressions last forever! If you're really serious about gathering people, use your head more!
Tsukasa: Think about how to welcome newcomers in a courteous way that will leave a good impression on them!
Emu: Wow!
Emu: Tsukasa, I didn't know you were taking this so seriously!
Tsukasa: Huh? Well, yes?
Tsukasa: Since I've already agreed to do this, you can expect me to put in my best effort! That's what a true star would do!
Emu: Hehehe... I'm so happy!
Emu: Let's think of a proper way to welcome him together then!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: We haven't visited Miku in such a long time!
Tsukasa: Yes. We've been too busy making preparations for our own performances lately to drop by.
Tsukasa: But they've helped us out a lot, so it's only right that we update them properly on what's been happening lately!
Emu: I wonder how everyone's doing? And where are they, anyway?
Tsukasa: Probably near the stage? Let's go look for...hm?
Miku Costume: Hello.
Emu: Ah! It's a Miku mascot costume! And it's so cute!
Tsukasa: That costume... Miku, you're inside, right? You scared me the other day, but I won't fall for the same antic twice!
Tsukasa: Take off that costume and come on out, Miku!
Miku (WxS): I'm over here☆
Tsukasa: Nowaaargh?!
Emu: Wow, wow! Hi, Miku! Huh? Then who's in the mascot costume? 
KAITO: Hehe, sorry for the scare. It was me!
KAITO: You should never disappoint your guests by surprising them with the same trick twice.
Emu: It's KAITO! Hi, KAITO!
KAITO: Hello. It's been a while, hasn't it?
Tsukasa: Ugh, I can't believe I fell for it hook, line, and sinker...
Tsukasa: But it's good to see you again after so long, Miku, KAITO.
Miku (WxS): Hehe, same here!
Emu: Long time no see, Miku! Okay, so, the four of us have been performing on stage together after that day!
Miku (WxS): Nice!
Emu: And we included the song we sang here in our shows too!
Emu: We put the song into the jingle-jangle part of the ending so it's now more of a ba-ba-ba-bam! instead. And everyone in the audience went like Whoa... when they saw that!
Emu: Our show was a huge success!
Miku (WxS): I can see why! Congrats!
KAITO: Um... I'm sorry, but what did she just say?
Tsukasa: By replacing the usual BGM in the last part of the program with a song, we were able to allow the audience to bask in the afterglow of the performance for a longer time.
Tsukasa: And the audience gave us a standing ovation for that. That's probably what she meant. A very big probably.
KAITO: Oh, I get it now...
Miku (WxS): We tried to do a lalalalaaa the other day for our performance too♪
Miku (WxS): And then everyone was like buzz-buzz-WHEE! and that made the whole thing super fun☆
Emu: That's so nice! I wish I could've been there too!
Tsukasa: And what is SHE saying?
KAITO: Well, we sang together with the audience in the last show.
KAITO: Everyone loved it and had a real blast because of that... Or at least, that's what I think she was trying to say.
Tsukasa: Yes, clearly... How can you even tell?!
KAITO: Looks like we both need to work on our communication...
Miku (WxS): By the way! We're gonna have a show later! Do you wanna join us?
Tsukasa: Wuh?!
Emu: Wh-What did you say?! To be able to perform on the same stage as Miku herself is an honor beyond comprehension!
Emu: That was what Tsukasa actually wanted to say!
Tsukasa: Hey, don't just dub over me like that!
Emu: So says Tsukasa as his heart swells with happy anticipation.
Tsukasa: Switching to a narrative voice doesn't make it more okay!
Tsukasa: Good gracious... Well, if we're doing this, we might as well ask Rui and Nene to join us too.
Emu: Yup yup! Let's all join in the fun together☆
(Black cut)
