122_Emu Otori_R3 Panda Rider (event_3)

Gacha phrase: Yeah! I'm sure he'll hear you out!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Hum hum huuum, hu-hu-hum♪
Nene: You're in a pretty good mood, Emu.
Emu: Yeap! Because Tsukasa and Rui have made up and our next show looks like it's gonna be super fun and exciting too♪
Nene: Haha, yeah.
Nene: Now that you mention it, when Rui and Tsukasa fought that day, you ran after Tsukasa. Did you actually find him?
Emu: I did! And the panda was a great help!
Nene: Panda?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Emu: Where could Tsukasa have gone to?
Emu: Ah! Since he said he was going to cool down, maybe he's somewhere near water?
Emu: Let's see... Water, water, water...ah! Hi there, Mr. Panda!
Emu: Ah-hah! I'll ride on this panda to look for Tsukasa.
Emu: Let me get on first... Okay, panda! You gotta help me here♪ Here's your coin, clinkity-clink☆
Emu: Yay! It's moving!
Emu: Alright, panda! To Tsukasa we go!
Emu: ...
Emu: Mr. Panda's so slow, though!
Emu: Ah! But I can't be impatient in times like these, right?! Okay, I'll just match myself to Mr. Panda's speed, then...
Emu: Tsuuukaaasaaa, wheeeere aaaare yooou?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: What in the world?
Emu: You remember the time when you rode on Robo-Nene and went whooshie-whoosh to and fro? I was trying to copy that♪
Emu: But unlike Robo-Nene, the Mr. Panda was reeeeeeeally slow.
Nene: Of course it was...
Emu: But I still managed to find Tsukasa and talk to him!
Nene: Wait! While you were still on the panda?
Emu: Nah, I'd already gotten off by the time I was talking to him. Oh, yeah! You should've seen how amazing the Mr. Panda was!
Emu: It came to a sudden stop the moment I found Tsukasa!
Emu: Almost as if it was telling me to go to him quickly!
Nene: Putting aside everything that sounded wrong about what you just said because I can't even be bothered anymore...
Nene: So, how did your conversation with him go?
Emu: We came back to Wonder Stage together.
Nene: Don't tell me...you rode the panda back together?
Emu: Nah. What happened was...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Emu: Hehe♪ Now that's the classic Tsukasa-style delivery!
(White cut)
Emu: I'm sure he'll hear you out!
Tsukasa: Yeah, I'll talk to him properly.
Emu: Okay, let's go back to Wonder Stage together! Nene and Mr. Panda are probably really worried about us right now.
Tsukasa: Yes, it's not nice to keep Nene and Mr. Panda waiting... Wait. Who's Mr. Panda?
Emu: Oh, here, this is Mr. Panda! Clinkity-clink♪
Tsukasa: You were talking about that panda car?!
Tsukasa: Why would it be worried about me?! And more importantly, did you ride this panda all the way here looking for me?!
Tsukasa: For goodness' sake, I have so many questions I don't even know where to start!
Emu: Haha! Tsukasa's back to being Tsukasa again, yay♪
Tsukasa: Don't you yay♪ me!
Tsukasa: So that fancy music slowly losing steam coming from behind me just now was because of this fellow, huh...
Emu: Do you wanna ride together? I think Mr. Panda's strong enough for both of us!
Tsukasa: Leave me out of this! It'll be daybreak by the time we actually get back to the stage! I'm going on ahead.
Emu: Ahh! Don't be so mean, Tsukasa! Wait for me!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: I'm frankly amazed things worked out the way they did.
Emu: Hehehe!
Nene: Wh-What are you laughing about?
Emu: You were worried about Tsukasa too, right?
Nene: Well, if even Tsukasa were to be in low spirits, we wouldn't be able to do the show at all, so...
Emu: Yeah. That's why it was so awesome.
Emu: When Tsukasa nailed the scene that Rui came up with!
Nene: Hehe. That wall-climbing scene, right? I'm sure both Tsukasa and Rui breathed a sigh of relief after that.
Nene: And...so did we.
Emu: Yup♪ And now we can keep expecting Rui to come up with even more amazing stage effects!
Emu: What's our next show after Halloween going to be like? I can't wait to find out☆
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Emu: Hum hum huuum, hu-hu-hum♪
Emu: Are we the first to arrive? I guess it's only natural that no one would be here at such an early hour!
Mascot: It is as you have said.
Mascot: Miss Emu, practice doesn't start for a while. Why have you chosen to come so early?
Emu: Hehehe, because I couldn't sleep at all when thinking about what happened the last time♪
Mascot: The last time?
Emu: I'm talking about the Halloween show, of course!
Emu: Director! We have remarkably many visitors lining up today!
Emu: Oh? Excellent! Let's see what sort of demographic it is this time... Huh?
Emu: Am... Am I seeing this right? Are these creatures...crawling out of graves?!
Emu: Hehehe, that was me trying to imitate Tsukasa's lines♪ Could you tell? Did I sound like him?
Mascot: Yes. You had his vocal quirks down pat. I can almost visualize the scene that played out that day.
Emu: I know, right♪
Mascot: It was such an enjoyable show, wasn't it, Miss Emu?
Emu: Yeah! Everyone had so much fun♪
Emu: Last year was fun too, but this year was so much more fun!
Mascot: (Miss Emu is very kind to say that, but...)
Mascot: (Because of our inadequacies, we were unable to help her accomplish what she really wanted to do last year.)
Mascot: (But this year...)
Emu: This year was just full of awesome events, wasn't it?!
Emu: It started with me finding Tsukasa during his part-time job interview...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsukasa: Allow me to take my first steps to stardom on one of your stages, and I shall repay you with a plethora of incredible shows the crowds will fall in love with!
Emu: Did someone say incredible shows?
(White cut)
Emu: Hehehe☆ Found someone good!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Emu: Then we got everyone together to throw Tsukasa a fantastic welcoming party♪
Emu: And then we found Rui performing his drone puppet show! And then Tsukasa brought Rui here!
Emu: And then this time, Rui brought a robot along with him! And it was Nene who was controlling the robot!
Emu: I can still remember how exciting every single event felt♪
Mascot: Indeed.
Mascot: (Miss Emu has finally managed to find the troupe members she had always been looking for.)
Emu: Well, we did fail and fight with each other lots at first, and that made me really sad...
Emu: But I'm glad I didn't give up back then!
Emu: Because I didn't give up, so many people are coming to this stage to watch our shows now!
Mascot: Yes. It certainly coincides with the thrill and enthusiasm felt around the stage during its prime.
Emu: Yup☆
Emu: Wonder Stage has an audience of smiling faces again.
Emu: I think that's why I'm always having so much fun right now. It's like I'm going on an outing every day♪
Emu: Um... That's why...
Emu: That's why I really hope that nothing changes, and we can keep the stage here forever.
Mascot: As of right now, all plans to knock down Wonder Stage have been suspended indefinitely.
Mascot: If Wonder Stage becomes more popular, I am certain that your family will understand where you are coming from.
Emu: Yeah, you're right!
Emu: Now that that's decided, we have to do what we can to make sure it happens♪
Mascot: I apologize for reporting this late. The zombie robots that were used in the Halloween show will be taking part in today's park greeting activities.
Emu: Ohhh, that's great! I wonder how everyone's gonna react?!
Mascot: I believe a test run is being conducted before practice starts today, so some of them may be already here...
Tsukasa: Gyaaah!
Mascot: That sounds like...
Emu: That's Tsukasa! No fair! He must've bumped into the zombie robots already!
Emu: Great! I'm gonna go meet them now too! Come with me, Mr. Mascot♪
Mascot: Of course.
(Black cut)
