124_Emu Otori_R4 Sprint! Relay Anchor☆ (event_4)

Gacha phrase: Be right back after I win this!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Emu Otori)

[A few days after the Sports Festival]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Haruka: And one last time...
Emu: Great job with the Sports Festival, everyone!
Haruka & Emu: Cheers!
Emu: Aah, that hit the spot!
Emu: Even juice boxes taste better when you drink them in celebration♪
Haruka: I can't say that I disagree. Let's open up our lunch boxes too and dig in.
Emu: Yeah! It's time to chow down!
Emu: I wonder if Saki's having lunch with her old friends.
Haruka: Probably. She was the one who invited me, so I was hoping we could have this little celebration with her too.
Emu: We can just do it again when she's free! That way, we get to celebrate twice☆
Haruka: Hehe, that's a good idea.
Haruka: The Sports Festival was so much fun...
Haruka: Everything from that day is still so fresh in my mind. Like when I passed you the baton during the relay...
Emu: Me too! It's like I just had it in my hand a second ago!
Emu: And! And! Running like the wind with Mafuyu was sooo awesome too!
Haruka: You really were amazing. That race was so tight.
Haruka: And when you crossed the finish line, everyone that was watching went wild!
Emu: Hehehe! It was a ton of fun! And best of all, everyone enjoyed the race as much as I did!
Haruka: Yes. Oh, by the way... I heard from a classmate that you're in multiple clubs.
Haruka: Rhythmic gymnastics, swimming and... What else was it...?
Emu: Yeah, and dance club☆ There's just too many things I want to do, so I'm splitting my time between them all!
Haruka: So you're good at all sports and not just running. Were you in any sports clubs outside of school?
Emu: No, I didn't have time for that. I was always hanging out at Phoenix Wonderland after school...
Emu: But...! Maybe re-enacting all the cool shows I saw every day was good exercise?
Haruka: Wait, re-enacting every day... You went to Phoenix Wonderland every day?
Emu: Yup! My grandpa made it! And I've been going there every day ever since I was reeeally little.
Haruka: Oh... Come to think of it, your last name is Otori.
Haruka: I heard you're in a theater group there but... I see, you're from THAT Otori family...
Haruka: Hehe. I guess that massive theme park is like your own backyard then.
Haruka: And you were doing your own versions of the shows you saw there?
Emu: Yup! Phoenix Wonderland has lots of other stages too besides the Wonder Stage where I perform!
Emu: I went to see all of them and try to copy the fun bits, like acrobatics and stuff, after they were all done!
Emu: It was awesome! They'd go BOING and jump reeeally high into the air and do a flippy-flip before landing!
Emu: I wanted to learn how to do that so badly, I practiced it a bunch with Mr. Mascot...
Haruka: Mr. Mascot?
Emu: Yup! He's one of Phoenix Wonderland's park mascots!
Emu: When I was trying to do the crazy jump with the flips and stuff, Mr. Mascot got really mad at me for doing dangerous stunts like that all by myself...
Haruka: You're even friends with the park mascots. I'm getting jealous.
Haruka: I wish I could be friends with Phenny. I even have... Here, my Phenny keychain!
Emu: Wow, you really do!
Haruka: I really love penguins, but I keep buying Phenny merch because he looks like one too.
Haruka: I mean, I know it's supposed to be a phoenix instead of a penguin, but still...
Emu: That's cool! I didn't know you liked Phenny so much!
Emu: In that case, I have a special treat for you! Are you ready for Phoenix Wonderland's Phenomenal Phenny Trivia?
Haruka: Phenny Trivia?
Emu: Yup! Did you know that if you ask Phenny to fly, he'll happily flap his wings for you?!
Emu: But he can't fly, so it's suuuper cute to see him flap and flap with everything he has!
Haruka: Phenny, flapping those tiny wings like that...!
Haruka: That's so adorable...! Thank you for telling me, Emu!
Emu: Hehehe! No probs!
Haruka: Hehe. I can't wait to tell Minori, Hoshino, Tenma and Airi this too!
Haruka: And if we went and saw it for ourselves... It'd be so much fun!
Haruka: I think a trip to Phoenix Wonderland is in order now.
Emu: Yup! You're welcome to visit anytime! There are so many fun shows to see too!
Emu: And don't forget to come and see me at the fantastically fun-filled Wonder Stage!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Yahohoy☆ Sorry for the wait, everyone!
Emu: Starting today, I'm back to rehearsing like before!
Nene: That's good. I was glad to hear that your Sports Festival went well too.
Rui: I'm sure your ideas turned into a great show that made everyone smile, no?
Emu: Of course! Everyone was saying how much fun it was!
Tsukasa: That's great...!
Tsukasa: Well, it's a show, right? That means success was your only option as a performer!
Nene: Okay, we get it... But I'm happy for you, Emu. Your hard work really paid off in the end.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[Sometime before the Sports Festival]

Emu: Hey, everyone...!
Emu: I'm sorry for being so late! I'll get ready right away!
Tsukasa: H-Hey! Emu, wait...!
Tsukasa: She's always been a bundle of energy, but she hasn't been herself lately...
Nene: It'd be perfectly reasonable for her to skip practice on days when she has to prepare the Sports Festival...
Rui: That may be so, but both are fun things that she doesn't want to let go of...
Rui: Also, something tells me that taking it easy is not a concept she can understand.
Emu: Okay, I'm ready! Which part were you at?
Tsukasa: We were just about to get started with a table read. And... Good, you have your script ready. Then let's get started.
Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Hero (Tsukasa): D-Did I hear that right? You're all self-proclaimed heroes?!
Fairy (Emu): What's going on?! I can't tell who the actual hero is anymore!
Nene: (Uh oh... She forgot to say, But something tells me that could be you?)
Rui: (And that other line was supposed to be, I can't tell who the real hero is...)
Tsukasa: (But it doesn't change things all that much. We'll just have to roll with it...)
Hero (Tsukasa): Listen! I'm the 'real' hero, and I can prove it!
(Black cut)
Rui: Are you ready to go home?
Nene: Yeah.
Nene: Um, did Emu seem kind of out of it today...?
Tsukasa: Well, she's always sort of been like that...
Rui: But she doesn't usually forget or skip her lines like that.
Nene: Yeah. And it's not like she wanted to put her own spin on them either...
Nene: She's never done that on the fly and always asks in advance.
Tsukasa: Yeah, she slipped up because she couldn't focus...
Rui: Between preparing for the Sports Festival and our rehearsals...
Rui: I suppose it means that even Emu can get worn out sometimes.
Tsukasa: Hm... Speaking of which... Where is she?
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Hey, Emu?! Where are you?! We're all about to go home!
Nene: She was tidying up the stage props just a moment ago... Oh!
Nene: T-There...! That has to be her feet...!
Rui: What?! Did she faint...?!
Tsukasa: Hey, Emu? Are you okay?! Hm... Hold on...
Emu: Mhm... Zzzz...
Nene: S-She's asleep?! Ugh... You had me worried there...
Rui: She must have been more tired than she let on.
Rui: Tsukasa, would you be okay with us changing our rehearsal schedule for the weekend show...?
Nene: Right. We shouldn't start with the acrobatic scenes tomorrow if Emu's like this...
Tsukasa: And her school's Sports Festival is in... Three days.
Rui: Yes. If she were to get hurt during rehearsal, she wouldn't be able to participate in that either.
Tsukasa: ...
Emu: Ngh... Hm? Huh?
Nene: Hey, you woke up.
Emu: Wah! Sorry, did I fall asleep?!
Tsukasa: Yeah. You were sleeping like a baby, so we didn't want to wake you.
Tsukasa: Anyways, we were talking about our schedule for tomorrow. The new plan is to carry out maintenance on the stage props...!
Emu: Wait, why? What happened to the stunt scenes?
Tsukasa: Your Sports Festival is in three days. Our show is this weekend.
Tsukasa: You should channel all of your energy into the Sports Festival for now! As for our show... We can revise the stunt scenes later!
Emu: B-But...!
Rui: Emu, you want to give your best performance at the Sports Festival, yes?
Nene: Which is why you should focus on that. Not being able to do your best because of exhaustion would be terrible.
Emu: You guys...
Emu: Okay, pinky promise! I'll make it so eeeveryone at the Sports Festival smiles!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Alright, then let's get started...
Emu: Oh, just one thing! I wanted to thank you all properly!
Emu: For being so considerate towards me! I had an amazing time during the Sports Festival thanks to your kindness and support!
Emu: Everyone, thank you sooo much!
Tsukasa: Don't worry about it. That's what friends do for each other.
Tsukasa: But you better be ready to practice now! We have an audience to entertain this weekend!
Emu: Yeah! Let's do this! Won...won... Wonderhoy♪
(Black cut)
