148_Emu Otori_R2 Reindeer Headband☆ (event_8)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Alright. The story for our Christmas show is pretty much all there!
Emu: Yup!
Emu: Oh, I almost forgot! I have to get that thing ready♪
Nene: Huh?
Tsukasa: Hm? Where did Emu go?
Nene: I don't know. I think she ran off to get something.
Rui: I wonder what...? Oh, she's already back.
Emu: Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
Tsukasa: What the...? She's got a whole cart loaded with boxes...
Emu: Phew! Okay, I'm back!
Nene: Emu, what's with these boxes? And what do you have to get ready?
Emu: Hehehe! It's something special... Ta-daa♪ Christmas decorations galore☆
Tsukasa: Oh, nice! Is that what you've got in those boxes?
Emu: Yeah! The mascots and I put these up every year, but you're all invited to join in this year♪
Nene: That's a lot...
Emu: Look, Nene! Aren't they cute? And these come in all sorts of adorable colors!
Nene: Yeah, they are. I don't think I've seen any like these before.
Rui: If the choice is ours, we can try to find decorations that match our Christmas show's theme to give it a more festive atmosphere.
Tsukasa: Good idea! Okay, let's get decorating!
Emu, Nene, & Rui: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: It's looking good, but we haven't even looked at the last two boxes Emu brought.
Emu: Oh, these are for somewhere else♪
Nene: Somewhere else?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Tsukasa: Wh-When did that thing get here?!
Rui: Well... This Christmas tree must be at least two stories tall.
Nene: Oh, wait. This might be an artificial tree.
Emu: That's right! We put it up every year, and we wouldn't be able to put spinning light-up decorations on a real tree so...
Tsukasa: Hmm... Decorating a tree this big is going to be a lot of work, but it's right at the entrance to our stage. It needs to stand out!
Rui: Shall we get started?
Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: I'm starting to think we've bitten off more than we can chew...
Tsukasa: Why's it so difficult? I can't get these lights in the right place!
Nene: The tree's so big, it's hard to get them in the right place.
Rui: The length of the cables adds to the difficulty. Poor Tsukasa getting tangled up and all...
Tsukasa: I almost tied myself to the tree...
Rui: By the way, how did you decorate this tree last year?
Emu: Um... I was busy decorating the stage, so the mascots took care of the tree. I don't actually know how they did it.
Emu: BUUUT! I have an idea♪
Tsukasa: Really?!
Emu: Yup! I'll climb up to the top with the lights and twirl them off round and round!
Rui: Hmm, okay. That might work.
Tsukasa: How did that make sense to you?! Please explain it so normal people can understand.
Emu: Um, you know the twirly ribbons they use for gymnastics? I hang out at the rhythmic gymnastic club at school, so I know how to use them too!
Nene: Okay, now I think I get the idea. You'll sit on top of the tree and twirl the cord like a ribbon...
Rui: Using centrifugal force to wrap the lights around the tree. It's brilliant, but we should shorten the cord for the sake of ease and safety.
Tsukasa: But it's an electrical cord. You can't just cut it with a pair of scissors.
Rui: Hehe. I always carry my tool kit with me.
Tsukasa: Right... Of course you do.
Rui: Since it's a fake tree, it won't matter if the lights are wrapped around a bit tight.
Tsukasa: I can't really picture it in my head. But it's not like we have any better ideas so...
Emu: Yay!
(Black cut)
Emu: Phew, I made it to the top! Commencing Operation Twirly Lights!
Emu: Wheee!
Tsukasa: Wow! Even after trimming them down, the lights are still pretty long. Look at them go!
Nene: But can Emu actually get them around the tree?
Emu: Ready...! Steady...! GO!
Nene: H-How?! She's getting them all to wrap around! And look nice too!
Emu: Alright! Here goes another one! And... Wheee!
Tsukasa: Look at that! This is spectacular! I mean, she's doing a pretty decent job.
Emu: Hahaha! The show must go on! Wheee!
Tsukasa: It's not so she's twirling a ribbon, but more like she's whipping the tree and tying it up...
Nene: Yeah, huh... But she has to hold tight or it'll end up like the way we did it earlier...
Rui: Hehe. Maybe this is a little unwholesome for kids to see.
Emu: Wahahaha! More! MORE! WHEEE!
(Black cut)
Emu: Wow! That was so much fun!
Tsukasa: This goes with our Christmas show perfectly too.
Rui: It does. All that's left to do is put on a good performance and make sure our audience has a good time.
Nene: Yeah.
Emu: Hehehe! This is gonna be amazing!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: ...
Tsukasa: Emu? Hey, you there? It's time to put the Christmas stuff away.
Emu: Oh, right. Yeah!
Nene: Putting them up wasn't easy, but taking them down might be even harder. Robo-Nene, can you help us?
Robo-Nene: Beep. Roger!
Emu: Thanks, Robo-Nene!
Rui: Apparently, some people were saying that our area had the most spectacular decorations.
Emu: Yeah! I heard that from the mascots too! Lots of people were taking pictures!
Emu: (And a lot of them saw our show too! I'm glad so many came!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Emu: Grandpa, look! I hung up this star!
Emu: Hehehe! There's more where that came!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Emu: (Hehehe. I had so much fun back then. We had star ornaments, snowflakes and...!)
Tsukasa: Huh? What are you doing, Emu? We're taking the decorations down, not hanging them up again!
Emu: Huh? Haha. I didn't realize what I was doing!
Tsukasa: Sigh. I get that it's sad to take these down, but Christmas is sadly over.
Tsukasa: We have other cool shows coming up to celebrate New Year's too, so you still have a lot to look forward to!
Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Emu: All that's left is this big tree!
Tsukasa: Right. But how do we do this? The ornaments go all the way to the top...
Nene: Maybe Emu can climb up to the top again and throw down the less fragile ones for us to catch?
Nene: Here, we can stand at the base of the tree while holding this sheet of bubble wrap. That way we won't hurt our hands.
Rui: Hehe. Just like in a game. Of course you'd come up with this sort of solution.
Tsukasa: Well, it sounds easy enough. Emu, do you mind climbing up and tossing the ornaments back down to us?
Emu: No probs!
(Black cut)
Emu: Okay, I'm at the top! Now let's take this one down... And this one... And that one too... Get ready, guys♪
Nene: W-Wait! Three at once?!
Emu: Here they come♪ Caaatch!
Tsukasa: I can get this one! Can you get the other?!
Nene: Yeah, but the third one... Robo-Nene!
Robo-Nene: Roger. Object intercepted.
Emu: Wow, you did it! Amazing! I guess that was too easy!
Emu: Alright! Take that! And that!
Emu: And another one!
Tsukasa: Seriously?! Why is she staggering when she throws them?!
Rui: Hehe. She's really making it into some kind of catching game for us.
Emu: There's more where that came from! See if you can catch them all!
Tsukasa: Bring it on! We're going for the perfect score!
Emu: (Hehehe! Taking down decorations has never been this much fun!)
Emu: (Christmas with the mascots was fun, too, but not like this...)
Tsukasa: Whoa! Yes, I got it!
Rui: Emu, don't hold back. Tsukasa will catch everything like his life depends on it!
Nene: Yeah, keep aiming at Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Hold on! You're all supposed to be helping too!
Emu: Hehehe! Get ready, Tsukasa♪
Emu: (I'm glad I got to meet everyone and do shows with them! And Christmas was way more fun than usual too!)
Emu: This is the last one! Catch!
Tsukasa: Huff... Huff... There! As promised, I caught every single one!
Rui: Good job, Tsukasa. Thank you too, Emu.
Nene: Why don't you come down now and rest up a bit?
Emu: Sure, I'll be right there!
Emu: That was so much fun! Oh...
Emu: (The sky looks so much closer when seen from on top of the tree.)
Emu: ...
Emu: (Almost close enough to reach up... To where Grandpa is now...)
Emu: (Can you see me from up there, Grandpa?)
Tsukasa: Hey, Emu! Hurry up! Come down so we can take a break!
Emu: Okay! Just give me a second! Make some room for me to land!
Tsukasa: Land...? Wait, you're not going to...!
Emu: Here goes! Wheeee! And... Stuck the landing!
(White cut)
Nene: Sigh... Emu, please... You might be fine doing that, but I thought I was about to have a heart attack...
Emu: Hehehe! Sorry♪
Emu: But how about we... Race back to the Wonder Stage!
Tsukasa: Wait, what about taking a break?!
Emu: Ready, steady... Go! Hehehe!
(Black cut)
