233_Emu Otori_R4 Our Feelings Become One (event_25)

Gacha phrase: Lots and looots of smiles!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: The chief director for this operation will be the Wonder Stage's own Rui Kamishiro! The singing and dancing will be led by Sakurako Seiryuin of the Phoenix Stage!
Tsukasa: Regarding anything else, feel free to ask me!
Tsukasa: Now, let's get this show on the road!!
(Black cut)
Emu: ...
Nene: Emu? Is something wrong?
Emu: Hehe. Nope♪
Emu: I'm super duper happy that everybody at Phoenix Wonderland wants to help us!
Nene: Yeah... We need to do everything we can too then.
Emu: Yup! So let's start by...
Experienced Cast Member A: Emu! We're about to begin practicing. Mind helping us out a bit?
Experienced Cast Member B: Sorry, there's something we thought that we should discuss first...
Emu: Oh, it's you guys...
Nene: Do you know them?
Emu: Yeah. They've all been doing shows here since when grandpa was still around.
Nene: Oh, I had no idea... S-So what is it that you'd like to discuss with Emu?
Experienced Cast Member A: It's that... We're sorry, Emu!!
Experienced Cast Members: We felt the need to apologize to you!
Emu: Huh?
Experienced Cast Member A: Your grandfather took the time to always look after us, but we ended up making you have to do all of this...
Experienced Cast Member B: We didn't like the way this park was changing and knew that everyone else felt the same way.
Experienced Cast Members: But we just hid behind how it was just being what the higher ups decided and not knowing how else to get more guests into this park...
Experienced Cast Members: Right. That includes the time when we heard about what would happen to the Wonder Stage. Even though we knew how much your grandfather loved it...
Emu: ...
Experienced Cast Member A: Then, just after everyone from the Wonder Stage came to talk to us, Poochie was right behind them.
Emu: You mean Mr. Mascot...?
Experienced Cast Member B: Yes. He told us that you, Emu, decided to fight back against what your family was doing for the sake of Phoenix Wonderland.
Experienced Cast Member A: Not only were you fighting these changes, you were coming up with other ways of saving this park...
Experienced Cast Member A: And that's why we're here now...
Emu: Mr. Mascot...
Experienced Cast Member A: We feel ashamed of not acting sooner...
Experienced Cast Member B: But we still want to do everything we can to save the Phoenix Wonderland we know and love!
Experienced Cast Members: Please, Emu! Give us another chance!
Emu: You guys...! *Sob*...
Nene: Buck up, Emu...
Emu: Right...!
Emu: Thank you so much! We'll be happy to have you!!
Emu: Let's make this show the biggest, bestest thing ever, and show my brothers and my dad exactly how we feel!
Emu: And let's make it so that everyone who comes and visits go home with extra big smiles!
Experienced Cast Members: Yeah!
Emu: Thank goodness...
Nene: Huh?
Emu: I'm not the only one that doesn't want this park to change. It felt like I was just being selfish for the longest time...
Emu: I'm so glad that I'm not alone. I'm so glad they feel the same way.
Nene: Me too...
Emu: Hehe. I'm glad I didn't give up either. I'm glad I asked you guys you help me!
Nene: Again, me too! Let's make sure this show succeeds!
Emu: Yeah! It's gonna be a really, really extra huge success!
Emu: (I hope you're watching, grandpa!)
Emu: (Our Smiling Spell is gonna be so amazing!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Emu: Nice weather, so much sun♪ Sunny sunny fun fun☆
Experienced Cast Member A: Hello, Emu! As energetic as ever, I see!
Experienced Cast Member B: Let's give it our best today!
Emu: Yeah!
Mascot: You seem awfully happy, Ms. Emu.
Emu: That's because it feels like we can all talk to each other again♪
Emu: I was so busy with Wonder Stage stuff that I didn't have any time to talk to anyone at the other stages...
Emu: After a while, it felt like there was this really big wall between us.
Emu: But now that's gone and we can talk to each other whenever we want! It's so much more fun!
Mascot: ...
Emu: Um, Mr. Mascot...? There's something I need to tell you too...
Mascot: I'm sorry, Ms. Emu. I have other duties to attend to, so if you'll excuse me.
Emu: What? You're not gonna stay and watch us practice?
Mascot: Your next show does not include me so...
Emu: I know... But I really need to tell you this...
Mascot: I will be there at a moment's notice when you do need me. For now, if you'll excuse me...
Emu: Wait...! Mr. Mascot...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: Emu, there you are...
Tsukasa: You're late, Emu...! Where were you all this time?
Emu: ...
Rui: Emu?
Tsukasa: Is she okay? She's just staring into nothingness...
Nene: Yeah... Wait, Emu! If you keep walking you'll...!
Emu's Voice (Emu): Wah!
Nene: I tried to warn you...
(Black cut)
Rui: Are you alright?
Emu: Yup! Hehe. My nose almost got squished there!
Nene: Yeah, because you weren't paying attention to where you were going.
Nene: Did something happen?
Emu: Um... Well, I might be getting the wrong idea but...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: You think the mascots are avoiding you?
Emu: Yeah. They hasn't been around lately to help us practice and stuff, and even keep saying that there's something they have to go take care of...
Tsukasa: Now that you mention it, they haven't been around here in quite some time.
Rui: To be fair, they usually didn't show themselves unless we were practicing or rehearsing. Only then would a few stand ready by the stage.
Nene: I mean, they're all Emu's bodyguards, right? Why would they be avoiding her of all people?
Tsukasa & Rui: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mascot: I... We, the mascots, are under the employ of Ms. Emu's father...
Mascot: So we are not in the position to support her ideas as such...
(White cut)
Mascot: As much as we'd like to be more sympathetic to her ideas, we are unfortunately in no position to do so.
Mascot: But you were able to cross that line... You were able to overcome that hurdle...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: Understandably, the mascots were in no position to actually help Emu in any way...
Tsukasa: Right. That explains this awkward rift that stands between them.
Emu: But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Experienced Cast Member A: Then, just after everyone from the Wonder Stage came to talk to us, Poochie was right behind them.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Emu: All I want to do is thank Mr. Mascot and his friends...
Nene: Emu...
Rui: Maybe we can help...
Emu: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Phoenix Wonderland)
Mascot: (Another quiet day. I should be getting back to the Wonder Stage soon...)
???: ——!　——!
Mascot: Huh...?!
Mascot: Wait, was that...?!
Emu's Voice (Emu): Mr. Mascot! Help me!
Mascot: Ms. Emu!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mascot: No...! What are they all doing on the ground...?!
Mascot: Ms. Emu! Are you alright, Ms. Emu?!
Emu: Yup! I'm completely fine♪
Mascot: What...?
Tsukasa: Haha! Now, get him!
Nene: G-Gotcha!
Mascot: W-What is the meaning of this...?!
Rui: There's something that Emu's been desperately trying to tell you, so we decided to put on a little skit.
Mascot: ...
Emu: Mr. Mascot... Why have you been avoiding me?
Mascot: Why...?
Emu: Is it because of what I've been trying to do? Is that why you haven't really been talking to me?
Mascot: No, you're misunderstanding...!
Mascot: I... We wanted to help you...
Emu: ...
Mascot: But all we could do was be by your side.
Mascot: Be it for Project Wonder, for when the Wonder Stage was in danger of being scrapped, there was nothing we could do to help...
Emu: That's not true...!
Emu: Don't you remember when we decided to keep the Wonder Stage going? It was just us back then!
Emu: We'd tell everyone that a show as about to start, but nobody would come to see it...
Emu: Even the next day and the next and the next, nobody came to watch... But you guys all kept helping me with my shows...!
Mascot: ...
Emu: I knew that helping me do shows like that isn't what you're supposed to be doing, but I kept asking for your help...
Emu: But it's also why I was able to keep going! I never gave up on my shows or this stage!
Emu: It made me feel so much better knowing that I'd have all of you there with me...
Mascot: Ms. Emu...
Mascot: We are also glad that we are tasked with being by your side.
Emu: Really...?! Does that mean you'll keep doing shows with us?!
Mascot: Yes, of course. As long as that is your wish.
Emu: It is...! Thank you so much, Mr. Mascot!
Emu: Oh, I want to thank all the other mascots too!
Mascot: Understood. I will have them all gather after the park closes.
Emu: Okay! Thanks, Mr. Mascot! I love you so much♪
Mascot: M-Ms. Emu...!
Nene: Good for you, Emu.
Emu: Hehehe. I should be thanking you guys too!
Rui: Hehe. This was nothing. After all, we do owe the mascots quite a lot for what they've done.
Tsukasa: Alright, enough with this detour. How about we start practice now?
Emu: Yeah! I'm super duper ready! Hehe...
(Black cut)
