261_Emu Otori_R4 The Barbeque Magistrate?! (event_30)

Gacha phrase: Yay, it's done! Let's dig in, everyone♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Didn't practice today feel more springy-springy-boing-boing than normal?!
Tsukasa: S-Springy-springy...?
Rui: Yes, I agree. We all seemed to be in better form than usual today.
Nene: How on earth did you know what she meant by that?
Rui: Hehe. Who knows?
Tsukasa: Well, anyway! We seem more than ready to get back to our regular show schedule starting next week!
Emu: Yup♪ I can't wait♪
Emu: Wait, next week...?
Emu: N-Noooo...!!
Tsukasa: Wh-What's wrong?! Why are you shouting all a sudden?!
Emu: B-Because...! Next week... I... I...!
Nene: C-Calm down... Is everything gonna be okay...?
Emu: Next week, I'm going to the Seaside School♪
Nene: Wait, that's it...? You had us going for a second there...
Emu: Hehe☆ Sorry...
Tsukasa: Oh, Saki mentioned that she'll be going too and how she had to start packing for it.
Tsukasa: Are you all set to go?
Emu: No, not yet, but I know what I need to take!
Emu: First, snacks for each night we're there♪ Oh, I need a bag for keeping any pretty shells and rocks I find, and a beach ball that we can play with...!
Emu: And goggles and fins for snorkeling... And... And...
Rui: That does sound nice. I'm sure you'll have a good time.
Tsukasa: Hold on, Saki didn't mention anything about needing snorkeling gear.
Nene: Wait, you don't actually need to take them?
Emu: No, I definitely do...! I'm gonna cannonball into the water and dive really really deep!
Nene: Okay...? So what are you guys actually gonna be doing while you're there?
Emu: Well, we're gonna swim in the ocean, make curry, and put on a show for everyone!
Nene: A show? I wasn't expecting that...
Rui: I see. You have quite an interesting trip ahead of you...
Rui: You could even make a little game out of who gets what ingredients when making curry, no?
Emu: Yeah, you're right!
Nene: Knowing you, Rui, you'd find a way to make it so no vegetables go into your group's curry.
Tsukasa: Ah, you might be right there...
Rui: You're making me sound like some sort of evildoer! I was simply suggesting a way to make cooking fun.
Rui: Look straight into my eyes and tell me if you can sense anything other than the truth.
Nene: I don't have to. I know you're bluffing.
Tsukasa: Anyway, Emu, we hope you have a good time!
Emu: I will!
Emu: Oh, but... I really wish you guys could come too.
Emu: It's like I'm the only one that's gonna get to have any fun...
Nene: What do you mean? It's a school function, right? Just go and have fun.
Emu: I know, but...
Tsukasa: Hmm... I understand how you feel...
Rui: Then why don't we try this? Emu, you go and have fun at the Seaside School. In return, you'll bring back some stories for us to hear.
Emu: Huh...?
Nene: Oh, yeah. That might work.
Nene: You can tell us about everyone in your group, and what you did at the beach and stuff.
Emu: Okay!
Emu: I'll make sure to have lots and lots of fun, and bring back tons of fun stories with me!
Emu: Oh, also! What kinds of things do you guys like to do when you go to the beach...?
Emu: I'll do as many as I can!
Nene: When I go to the beach...?
Nene: Oh, is it true that you can hear the sea when you put a shell over your ear?
Emu: Yeah, I wanna try that! I'll try looking for some good shells!
Rui: Ah, if you wish to do that, I recommend looking for a spiral or cone-shaped shell. A large one too since sound doesn't resonate as well with small ones.
Emu: Got it! Thanks, Rui!
Emu: What about you, Tsukasa, Nene? Any suggestions?
Tsukasa: Hmm... Let's see... I've always liked smashing watermelons at the beach, but sports and other games are also fun.
Tsukasa: You're taking a beach ball with you, yes? Why not play beach volleyball with everyone?
Emu: Oh, beach volleyball's a great idea!
Rui: And since you're going to be at the beach, why don't you try looking for something other than shells too?
Rui: It might be fun to find some sea creatures, sea glass, and anything else that might've washed ashore.
Emu: Yeah! That does sound like fun!
Emu: Alright, I'm gonna do everything and bring back some really fun stories!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Lodge Classroom]

Emu: Sneaky, sneak... Okay, the coast is clear.
Emu: And I've got everything I need. Let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: Miku, I'm here!
Miku (WxS): Emu, welcome! Are you done with practice?
Emu: Yup! I'm free until dinner♪ It felt like the right time to set up our little surprise!
Miku (WxS): Cool! I hope they all like it☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (WxS): Looks like they're just wrapping up with practice!
Emu: Thanks, Miku! Then let's...
Emu: Hey, you guys! Happy wonderhoy♪
Rui: Hm?
Nene: Emu?!
Tsukasa: Why are you here?! Aren't you supposed to be at the Seaside School?!
Emu: Hehe. Yup, and it's been a ton of fun so far♪ But I had some free time, so I decided to visit.
Emu: I told my groupmates that I'd be gone for a little bit, so I'm free until dinner!
Nene: Oh, okay. As long as they know, I guess...
KAITO: Welcome back, Miku. And welcome to you too, Emu.
KAITO: Miku's told us all about how she's been visiting you. Thank you for keeping her company.
Emu: Yeah, it's been super fun with her around♪
Emu: Oh, and...! There's something I've been wanting to tell you guys♪
Rui: Ah, are you here to tell us some stories?
Emu: Yup!!
Tsukasa: Oh, right. I was under the impression that you'd tell us after you actually got home...
Emu: But there's so much to talk about already. I couldn't wait until then!
Emu: First, let's start with...! How I'm in the same group as Saki and Honami.
KAITO: Oh, you mean Tsukasa's sister? And I believe her childhood friend as well?
Tsukasa: Wow! That's incredible!
Emu: I know, right?! And our number one fan, Kohane, is in our group too! You know, the really really cute girl I've been talking about♪
Nene: Oh, the one we always see at our shows?
Emu: Yup! Today, we practiced swimming together! After that, we had a class versus class watermelon smashing competition...!
Rui: Hehe. It's only your first day and you've already done so much.
Nene: Yeah, I get why you couldn't wait until later.
Tsukasa: Yes, I understand as well.
Miku (WxS): And there's lots more still to come♪ Right, Emu?
Emu: Yup! And check this out☆ I brought some shells that Miku and I found on the beach!
Rui: Oh, cowrie shells, noble scallops... And I believe the translucent one there is a chlamys irregularis.
KAITO: Wow, I can't believe you were able to find so many different kinds...!
Emu: Hehe. I even brought the biggest and prettiest one we found♪
Emu: Here it is! A big conch that barely fits in my hand! I got it just for you, Nene☆
Nene: Wow, that is pretty big! It's been sun-bleached white really nicely too...
Nene: Are you sure I can have this?
Emu: Yeah! You can hear the ocean if you put it over your ear too♪
Nene: Okay. In that case...
Nene: Oh, I can hear waves crashing on the beach! It sounds so real...!
Emu: Right?! Isn't it awesome?!
Tsukasa: I'm guessing you know how that actually works, Rui.
Rui: Yes, well... But...
Rui: Just as Emu brought back some stories from the beach for us to hear...
Rui: This conch might've saved the sounds of the sea so that it could be brought back for us to hear as well, no?
KAITO: I see. That's a wonderful way to put it.
Tsukasa: Yes, it is.
Emu: Oh no, sorry! I need to get back soon!
KAITO: Thank you for what you've shared with us, Emu.
Nene: Yeah, I hope your next two days are just as fun.
Rui: Oh, I believe she's just getting started.
Tsukasa: Right! Have as much fun as you possibly can! And please look after Saki for me!
Emu: I will! Saki and I are gonna have a blast creating fun memories together!
Miku (WxS): I'll come visit again soon, Emu! So I'll see you then!
Emu: Yup!
(Black cut)
