273_Emu Otori_R2 The Smiles I Want to Protect (event_32)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori)

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Emu: Bath time♪ Bath time♪ Bubbly, bubbly... Hm?
Emu: Oh, it's Keisuke and Shosuke! Welcome home!
Keisuke: We're home.
Shosuke: We're back.
Emu: How was work? Hehe...
Shosuke: Same old... Hm? Why are you grinning like that?
Emu: Hehe. I dunno. But I feel really happy♪
Shosuke: Good for you? I suppose this is par for the course when it comes to you.
Shosuke: No matter... More importantly, when is your troupe next scheduled to all meet?
Emu: You mean Tsukasa, Nene and Rui? We'll be practicing all week, so anytime during the evening should be okay!
Emu: Wait, does that mean you'll come and see our show?!
Shosuke: What are you talking about? We have some business to discuss with all of you.
Emu: Huh? Business?
Keisuke: Yes, we need to brief you and your troupe on your first assignment as ambassadors. We have much to discuss.
Emu: Our first assignment?! Yay! They're gonna be so happy when they hear this♪
Shosuke: W-Well, we still have to hammer out the details...
Shosuke: *Sigh*... Can't we just have the site manager do this...?
Keisuke: No, Phoenix Wonderland depends on this, so it's imperative that we're involved in this process.
Keisuke: We also owe it to Emu and her friends for reminding us about what truly matters most.
Keisuke: And it's our turn to prove it to them.
Shosuke: Right...
Shosuke: Anyway, we'll be by later to give your troupe a fuller explanation.
Emu: Yay! Thanks, guys!
Shosuke: Guh! What did I say about tackling me?!
Emu: Sorry! So where's our first stop gonna be?
Shosuke: Hey, I said we'll stop by once we hammer out the details.
Emu: Okay, but how about a hint? Just an incy-wincy one♪
Keisuke: I don't see why not, Shosuke. There's honestly nothing to hide.
Keisuke: We can dive into the details later, but it looks like you'll be performing on a stage by the sea that's right on the beach...
Emu: The beach...?! Yay!! That's great!!
Shosuke: Okay, just keep it down... Also, didn't you just come back from the Seaside School?
Emu: Yeah, but I didn't get to go with Tsukasa, Nene and Rui♪
Emu: I've been wanting to go to the beach with all of them too♪
Keisuke: Yes, we suspected as much...
Emu: Huh? You guys knew already?
Keisuke: No, your mascot friend told us.
Emu: You mean Mr. Mascot?
Keisuke: Yes. Soon after that, Shosuke found a suitable location that happened to be right on the beach...
Shosuke: K-Keisuke! You're making it sound like I chose this venue just for her!
Shosuke: For your information, that isn't the case whatsoever.
Shosuke: It happened to be the most optimal location from a business standpoint in terms of location and potential for promoting the park.
Shosuke: Otherwise, we wouldn't be sending you there.
Emu: Whatever you say...!
Shosuke: Why are you grinning? If you're still not convinced, you can see the data for yourself...
Emu: Hehe. It's not that, Shosuke♪
Emu: I'm just really really happy that we get to work together on something together!
Emu: So let's do the best we can, Shosuke, Keisuke☆
Keisuke: Yes, that's the plan.
Shosuke: Okay, okay, we get it. Go take your bath already.
Emu: Okay♪
Emu: The sea♪ The sand♪ Everybody at the beach♪
Shosuke: Great, she's skipping now.
Keisuke: ...
Keisuke: It's been a while since this house has had such a lively atmosphere.
Shosuke: I think I preferred it more when things were quiet.
Keisuke: But it's nice to see Emu smiling like this again...
Keisuke: We may've been guilty of robbing her of that all this time.
Shosuke: ...
Keisuke: Now, we need to protect that smile.
Keisuke: Not just our family either. We need to make sure everybody who comes to visit Phoenix Wonderland also goes home smiling.
Shosuke: Right...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Megurine Luka)

[Swimming Area]

Luka: <It's time to start our beach volleyball match!>
Tsukasa: I got it! Spike it, now!
Emu: Roger!!
Emu: Fire!!
Nene: Eep...!
Rui: Well, that was quite the spike...
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! Why are you running, Nene? You won't win if you keep doing that!
Nene: Emu's the one that scored, not you. Also, there's no way I can dig that! I'd break my wrists if I tried!
(Black cut)
Emu: That was so much fun!
Nene: Geez, I didn't expect to use so much energy just on beach volleyball. I'm exhausted.
Nene: But Luka seemed to be enjoying herself too. I'm sure she's getting in some beauty sleep in SEKAI now.
Robo-Nene: Beach volleyball was very fun.
Tsukasa: You joining in was probably the biggest surprise of all.
Emu: Yeah♪ It was so awesome how Robo-Nene could make the ball spin like a top whenever she spiked it! Oh, and how it drilled into the sand too!
Tsukasa: On top of that, she can do jump float serves... How on earth is that even possible? 
Rui: Hehe. Robo-Nene's a valuable member of our troupe. Isn't it a good thing that she's capable of such feats?
Rui: By the way, Robo-Nene, how are you in terms of charge?
Robo-Nene: Beep... 65% remaining.
Rui: That should do since all that's left is to clean everything up...
Rui: But it may be wise to put you in power saver mode just in case.
Robo-Nene: Understood. Entering power saver mode.
Nene: Sleep tight, Robo-Nene.
Emu: We still have some time before our ride gets here, right? Wanna stay on the beach while we wait?
Nene: Sure. It'd be nice to sit and rest a little too.
Nene: Okay, the waves shouldn't reach here and... Oh, the sand isn't as hot as I thought it would be...
Emu: Hehe. And I'll sit right next to you, Nene♪
Rui: How does a quick break sound, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Sure, why not?
Rui: Hehe. It's like we're really making the most of our youth when we're together like this.
Nene: That actually sounds really weird coming from you, Rui.
Nene: But this is nice. The sea's so pretty too.
Tsukasa: Yes, it is. Being able to enjoy the scenery like this is nice since we ran into some trouble there in the end.
Emu: Yeah...
Emu: It reminds me of when my big brothers, big sister and I went to see the ocean...
Emu: We went on a family vacation a really long time ago and everybody came along♪
Nene: Really...? I have a hard time imagining your older brothers going on a trip like that based on how they are now...
Emu: Hehe! Keisuke took an encyclopedia of sea creatures with him, and the four of us went exploring on the beach!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Little Emu (Emu): Shosuke, look! It's a jellyfish!
Little Shosuke: Wah! No, don't come any closer!
Little Shosuke: And why are you holding it?! What if you get stung?!
Little Emu (Emu): This one won't sting me. Right, Keisuke?
Little Keisuke: Yes, you should be safe. It even says so right here.
Little Hinata: Oh... Emu, Keisuke, Shosuke, over here! There's a pool full of starfish!
Little Emu (Emu): Really?!
Little Keisuke: Nice find, Hinata. Let's see if these are safe to touch too.
Little Shosuke: Stop finding things will you, Hinata?! And can't you just say that they're poisonous or something, Keisuke?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Emu: We couldn't take anything home with us but we all had so much fun.
Tsukasa: Yes, that does sound like quite a bit of fun. However, some parts of that story did concern me a little...
Nene: Did you and your family visit the beach often, Emu?
Emu: No, not really. Dad was always busy with work, so we haven't gone on a trip as a family since then...
Nene: I see...
Emu: But what about you guys? Did you ever go to the beach with your families and stuff?
Rui: I can't say that I have... When I was little, most of our family outings involved visiting museums and science halls.
Rui: If anything, you would've found me down by the river more than the beach. I remember trying to find fossils and precious gems.
Emu: That sounds just like you, Rui♪
Nene: Yeah, I remember you showing me some fossils and gemstone ores that you found one time.
Emu: Oh, Nene, what about you?
Nene: You mean if I ever went to the beach? I mean, sure, my family took me there a few times...
Nene: But they were always too crowded so we usually ended up going to a pool by our house instead.
Tsukasa: Same. My family was more pool-oriented. I remember going there pretty often with my friends.
Tsukasa: Saki wasn't really able to go in the water, but we were at least able to splash each other with water from the side of the pool.
Emu: Oh, that's right. Saki was sick for a really long time...
Tsukasa: She was, but she did get a chance to see the ocean!
Tsukasa: She got to stay at a seaside hotel, go looking for seashells and even smash watermelons.
Tsukasa: She didn't get a chance to swim in the ocean, but she still got to enjoy herself.
Emu: Hehe. Saki must've had such a big smile on her face when she was doing all those things.
Tsukasa: Yes, her smile very nearly outshined the sun!
Tsukasa: Still... It's surprising that we don't have many memories involving the sea.
Rui: Then it's a good thing we came here.
Nene: Yeah. I was exhausted towards the end, but it was nice to visit the beach for once.
Emu: I hope we get to come back again!
Tsukasa: Yes, I hope so too!
(Black cut)
