356_Emu Otori_R4 Private Emu's Investigating! (event_46)

Gacha phrase: Oh, right... Lemme jot that down...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori)

[The day before the U.S. trip]

[Emu's Room]

Emu: America, America, here we come!
Emu: I've got my passport, enough clothes and...
Emu: Oh yeah... I need to bring a new notebook for ideas!
Emu: (I wonder what Mr. Riley's park's gonna be like...)
Emu: (All of his characters are super famous, so I bet there's gonna be lots of really exciting shows and heart-pounding attractions.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Keisuke: However, we'll have a steep hill to climb if we were to try and implement all these ideas...
(White cut)
Keisuke: You've definitely come up with some excellent ideas, and they'll surely help us attract more visitors by putting them into practice...
Shosuke: But reality isn't so kind. We don't have the budget or manpower to pull this off.
Emu: R-Right...! Sorry, I didn't really think about any of that...
(White cut)
Shosuke: Partnering with Riley Entertainment will mean we'll need a bigger cast. Should we start putting out “help wanted” ads?
Keisuke: No, we'll need to be more tactful about this. Any new cast members we hire will need to be trained, which is a burden the veteran cast members will have to carry.
Keisuke: We may need to rethink how we train new hires. Can you try discussing this with HR, Shosuke...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: (I still don't understand Phoenix Wonderland the way Keisuke and Shosuke do...)
Emu: (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: But I just couldn't give up!
Emu: I want Phoenix Wonderland to be “a place that makes everyone smile” forever and ever!
Emu: I don't care if you replace all the rides and get rid of the stages...
Emu: I just don't want it to stop being a place where everyone can smile, laugh and be happy!
Emu: I'm sure that as long as we try to do that, we'll get more and more guests to come and visit... Please...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: (Keisuke, Shosuke and Dad were willing to hear me out.)
Emu: (So now it's my turn to learn more about how they see things and run the park.)
Emu: Okay!
Hinata's Voice: Emu, can I come in?
Emu: Yup♪ Come on in!
Hinata: Oh, you're still packing for tomorrow. Do you have everything you need?
Emu: Yup! I'm all set! Shosuke even said, “Worst case scenario, you'll be fine as long as you have your passport.”
Hinata: Shosuke...
Hinata: Have you packed your clothes already? I recommend taking at least one dress along since some places over there have dress codes.
Emu: That's a great idea, Sis! Let's pick one out together♪
Hinata: Sure. Can you show me your closet?
(Black cut)
Hinata: Alright, you should be all set!
Emu: Yay! Thanks, Sis!
Hinata: That just leaves your daypack. Have you packed a handkerchief and tissues?
Emu: Yup! I'm thinking about taking this one along! Ta-daa!
Hinata: Oh, that's a limited-edition Phenny pattern. Didn't that come out a really long time ago?
Emu: Hehe. I've been saving it for a special occasion, so I decided to take it to see the United States☆
Hinata: Hehe. Be sure not to lose it over there.
Hinata: But you really get to go to America. I'd be going with you if it weren't for my classes.
Hinata: C'est la vie. Please bring a nice souvenir for me, Emu.
Emu: Okay! Wait, I need to make sure that I don't forget my idea notebook!
Hinata: Oh, you mean this...? What happened to that really cute one you always use?
Emu: This is to help me study!
Hinata: Help you study?
Emu: I wanna ask Mr. Riley all about his company since Keisuke and Shosuke are also coming with us!
Emu: I'm gonna learn everything I can about running a business!
Hinata: Emu...
Hinata: (I was under the impression that Mr. Riley invited you to his park because he wants you to just have fun...)
Hinata: That's very noble of you, Emu. I didn't realize you had so much on your mind.
Emu: Hehe!
Hinata: But be sure to go to bed early and get a good night's rest for tomorrow, okay?
Emu: Okay!
Emu: Oh, but I should write down what I want to ask Mr. Riley before I fall asleep!
Hinata: ...
Hinata: Emu...
Emu: Huh?
Hinata: Please have lots and lots of fun while you're over there!
Emu: I will♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[A few days after returning]

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Emu: What a wonderhoy morning!!
Hinata: Oh, Emu, good morning!
Keisuke: As energetic as ever I see.
Shosuke: Don't you mean obnoxious? My ears are ringing.
Hinata: Hehe. Is something special happening today, Emu?
Emu: I brought back souvenirs for everyone and gonna hand them out at school!
Emu: And after school, I'm gonna talk with the others about what we all learned when we went to Mr. Riley's park!
Keisuke: Ah, to reflect upon your experiences? It's good to hear that you'll be exchanging ideas in such a manner.
Emu: It's a great idea, right?! Tsukasa said that he wanted to discuss acting, and I wanna talk to Nene about singing... 
Emu: And Rui's gonna talk about how everything was produced♪
Emu: You can see it all right here! We've got lots to talk about!
Hinata: Oh, that's the notebook you took with you on your trip. But... 
Hinata: Hehe. It's covered in all these cute and shiny stickers now.
Emu: Yup! I was gonna write all about how to run a business and stuff, but I decided to also include some fun exciting stuff!
Emu: Hehe. I can't wait to tell everyone about all the things I wrote down in here!
Hinata: It sounds like you have a wonderful day ahead of you. Be sure to put your best foot forward today, Private Emu!
Emu: Yes, ma'am☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Yahohoy! We get to start practicing again today!!
Tsukasa: Hey, Emu, I get that you're excited, but try to keep it down, will you?!
Nene: Ugh... I could be telling you the same thing.
Rui: Still, I understand how you both feel.
Rui: There are several new effects that I've been aching to try as well. Hehehe...
Nene: Are we supposed to feel excited or scared...?
Tsukasa: I-I'm not sure...
Emu: Oh, also! Nene, where's Robo-Nene?
Nene: Oh, she's right over here. Robo-Nene...!
Robo-Nene: Beep... Welcome back, everyone!
Emu: We're back! We even got you some souvenirs, Robo-Nene! We'll make sure to give them to you later!
Robo-Nene: Okay. Thank you very much.
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Anyway, let's begin by going over what we learned during our trip.
Tsukasa: You all made sure to bring notes, right?!
Emu: Yup♪ Look! Look! My notebook's filled with lots and lots of stuff☆
Rui: Hm? From what I remember, the cover for your notebook seemed much more mundane while we were over there...
Nene: Yeah, you're right. It's covered in shiny stickers now.
Emu: Hehe☆ This notebook was originally about “learning about running a business”, but I decided to change it to being about “balancing dreams and reality”!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Emu, listen!
Tsukasa: Your “ability to dream” is an absolutely essential part of Wonderlands×Showtime!
(White cut)
Nene: H-He's right...! We've been able to do what we have because you never stop dreaming.
Rui: If anything, we wouldn't be here right now if it weren't for big dreamer, Emu.
Rui: Even when it was all run down, weren't you the one who wanted to bring smiles and laughter back to the Wonder Stage more than anybody else?
Rui: Your dream gave us a place where we could belong.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: You guys and Mr. Riley taught me that my dreams have actually been bringing smiles to people's faces. I finally understand that now...
Emu: I know that it's okay for me to keep dreaming and wanting to do lots of different things...
Emu: So... Hehe♪ I gave my boring, old notebook a really shiny makeover☆
Nene: Emu...
Rui: Yes, it's become wonderfully swirly-whirly.
Tsukasa: Swirly-whirly? I can see that it's shiny, but what makes it so “swirly”?
Emu: Uh... Here! Right here!
Emu: Look at where all the stickers are... Then, see what's right next to them...!
Rui: Stars, flowers, fish, animals... Is it safe to assume that all these objects and creatures are dancing round and round?
Nene: Wait, is this supposed to be the Wonder Stage?
Nene: Different stories, worlds, animals and stuff all intertwined in a big dance... Is that what this represents?
Emu: Whoa! That's right, Nene☆
Nene: Hehe. We've been friends for a while now, you know?
Tsukasa: Ah, so you're finally admitting that you're one of us...?
Rui: Welcome to the fun side, Nene! Hehehe...
Nene: W-Wait, what..? “Fun”...? I'd rather not be dragged into a band of lunatics.
Emu: Haha.
Emu: (It won't be easy to keep dreaming while trying to also keep an eye on reality, but...)
Emu: Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Hm?
Emu: Nene!
Nene: ...?
Emu: Rui!
Rui: ...
Emu: Thank you for making me realize that I've been making a difference! Let's keep doing our best and do lots more stuff together!
Tsukasa: You're a bit late to the party, but yes, of course! After all, we're members of the same troupe!
Nene: Yeah, I'm looking forward to doing more too.
Robo-Nene: I will also do everything I can to make people around the world smile!
Rui: Yes, let's put on a show that's going to make everybody everywhere smile from ear to ear!
Emu: Yeah! Let's do it! It's gonna be so wonderhoy!
(Black cut)
