370_Emu Otori_R4 Surprise☆For☆My☆Family (event_48)

Gacha phrase: Heh heh heh. That went perfectly♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Emu's Room]

Emu: Alright! We don't have practice today, so I can think about what my cake's gonna be like!
Emu: Let's see... Where did my Secret Valentine's Day Alliance notebook go...? Aha, there you are♪
Emu: Now I remember! Airi said that we should all bake chocolate cakes!
Emu: Because if we're all baking the same thing, we can share ingredients with each other if one of us happens to make a mistake.
Emu: She also said that we should get a more specific idea of how we want to decorate them.
Emu: (Airi put so much thought into making sure our surprises succeeded.)
Emu: (She was even nice enough to show me how to put my ideas into practice!)
Emu: Oh, I almost forgot♪ I should see what I can find on the baking sites she recommended!
Emu: Oh wow! Cookies, candy and gummies! So many yummy sweets☆
Emu: They're all super cute and look delicious, but I need to find... Chocolatey♪ Chocolatey cakes♪
Emu: Hmm... Oh, how about this one?! Click☆
Emu: Whoa! So many chocolate cakes!
Emu: This is amazing! The chocolate frosting on this one's so pretty!
Emu: Oh, this one has lots of chocolate nibs and shavings on it!
Emu: (I wish I could make cakes like these! They're all so adorable and look really yummy on top of being gorgeous!)
Emu: (Hmm... But I'm trying to make a show stage out of mine, so this probably isn't the best way to go...)
Emu: (I want the one I'm giving Keisuke, Shosuke and Sis to be really zing-zang-zoom too!)
Emu: Hm? A message...? Oh, it's from Airi!
Airi: <Emu, I found this just a second ago. This site has some really interesting cakes on it.>
Airi: <I have a feeling that one of these is pretty close to what you're hoping to make! I hope you get a chance to check them out!>
Emu: A-Airi...!
Emu: That's amazing! How did she know I was looking at cakes just now?!
Emu: Anyway... <Thank you so much, Airi!>
(Black cut)
Airi: <Talk about a coincidence! I guess I deserve some points for perfect timing, huh?>
Airi: <Also, I should be able to help you with most of the cakes on either of those sites, so don't be afraid to come up with something really spectacular!>
Emu: Oh wow... Airi's really the best...!
Emu: I promise to come up with something really, really good!
Emu: Wow! This one has rainbow-colored frosting on it!
Emu: And this one's completely black! Haha. I wonder what that tastes like...
Emu: Oh, this one has animal macarons!
Emu: It'd be great if I could make some that look like the plushies from SEKAI! I should write this down...
Emu: Hm...?
Emu: A surprise piñata cake?
Emu: Hey, there's even a video. Hehe. Let's have a look. Click!
Video Narration: <From the outside, it looks just like an ordinary cake! Doesn't it look delicious...?>
Emu: Yeah, it does♪
Video Narration: <However, just as you try to take a slice out of it... Are you ready?>
Emu: I'm ready. I'm ready.
Video Narration: <Surprise! Bits of chocolate come flying out of the cake!>
Emu: Wooow! That's so cool!
Video Narration: <And by taking a slice out of this cake...>
Video Narration: <Oh look! It's hollow on the inside like Baumkuchen or Bundt cake! Ah, someone must've filled this with tiny cookies!>
Emu: That's amazing!
Video Narration: <Could it be that all ring cakes are filled with delicious sweets? Just kidding! Or am I?>
Emu: Yeah, they totally should be!
Video Narration: <In any case, these piñata cakes are a great way to surprise someone!>
Video Narration: <From the moment they take their first slice all the way up to their first bite, they'll be all smiles!>
Emu: I see...!
Emu: It'd be just as fun as opening a treasure chest!
Emu: Oh, I know...!
Emu: My chocolate cake could be the tent KAITO and the others always use...
Emu: And when they open it... Surprise! All these edible plushies would come bursting out!
Emu: Hehe☆ Just thinking about it makes me feel all wonderhoy♪
Emu: Oh, if I'm gonna do that, I should make Miku, Robo-Nene and everyone else too.
Emu: The cake would look like this... The plushies would be hiding in the middle, while Miku's...
(Black cut)
Emu: Ta-daa! I'll call it the “Wonderhoy ☆ SEKAI Cake”!
Emu: (I ended up writing all of those ideas down♪)
Emu: (I don't know how many I'll actually get to use...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: (But I want them all to really smile...!)
Emu: I'll ask Airi again to see what she thinks and try to use as many of these ideas as I can!
Emu: I'm really looking forward to baking, but I can't wait to show everyone what I've made!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Valentine's Day]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Airi: Today's the day. Are you both ready?
Saki: Yes! I'm really looking forward to seeing how Ichi and the others react!
Emu: Me too! I can't wait to see the look on everyone's faces☆
Emu: (Everyone from the Wonder Stage, everyone from SEKAI and...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: (I can't wait to surprise Sis and the others♪)
Airi: Okay, you both sound good and ready. Let's do this...
Airi: Secret Valentine's Day Alliance, are you ready?!
Saki & Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Emu's Room]

Emu: Humhumhuum♪
Emu: (I'm glad they liked my surprise so much.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: Drum rooolll... Ta-daa!!
Emu: Tsukasa, Nene, Rui! Happy Valentine's Day!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: Just thinking about it puts a smile on my face.
Emu: (The plushies seemed to really like it too.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: Alright, that just leaves...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Hinata: Oh, Emu! I didn't know you were home!
Emu: Hi, Sis! Oh, Keisuke, Shosuke, you're both home too!
Shosuke: Yes, we are. Do you have to make a fuss about it every time?
Hinata: Can't you be a little nicer to her, Shosuke?
Hinata: Also, Emu, here are your Valentine's Day chocolates. You caught me just after I'd already given Keisuke and Shosuke their gifts.
Emu: Wow! This bear wrapping paper's so cute! Thanks, Sis!
Hinata: Isn't it? I thought you'd like it, so I had them wrap it in that.
Hinata: The actual chocolates even look like animals. They're really almost too cute to eat.
Emu: Oh no! Maybe I should save them!
Emu: By the way, where are Mom and Dad?
Hinata: Mom's still away on a business trip, so she won't be back for some time.
Keisuke: Dad's having dinner with some clients, which means he won't be home until late.
Emu: Okay...
Emu: (I was hoping to give my gift to everyone when they were all here, but I guess I don't have much of a choice.)
Emu: Alright, Sis, Keisuke, Shosuke, I think it's time I showed you guys♪
Hinata: Oh, Emu, you got us all something? I can't wait to see what!
Shosuke: *Sigh* They're like this every year without fail.
Keisuke: Don't be like that, Shosuke. Especially since Emu went out of her way to get gifts for us.
Emu: Wait just one second! Mr. Chef, if you will!
(Black cut)
Emu: Ta-daa! Here is it!!
Emu: I made this with my friends from school♪
Keisuke: You made this, Emu?
Shosuke: But... It looks fairly plain.
Emu: Heh heh heh. Then you get to cut it, Shosuke♪
Shosuke: What? No, I'll pass... I've got a really bad feeling about this.
Keisuke: In that case, why don't I cut it? I'll cut six pieces and start from here...
Emu: Okay♪
Keisuke: Here goes nothing.
Keisuke: Hm? It feels like the knife's stuck on something solid.
Shosuke: Wait, don't tell me there's something we're not supposed to eat in there.
Emu: Now, Keisuke, open up the cake from where you just cut♪
Keisuke: Open it? Like this?
Keisuke: Wait, there's...!
Shosuke: Wh-What is this?! This cake's bursting at the seams with sweets!
Hinata: I know what this is! It's a piña-something cake!
Shosuke: Piña-something...? Is that supposed to be some kind of cute joke?
Hinata: I wasn't joking. It's really called something like that.
Keisuke: I believe this is called a piñata cake.
Hinata: See? I knew it had that “ñ” sound in it.
Shosuke: Okay, okay, I get it.
Keisuke: I remember seeing something like this during a business trip to the U.S. Where did you come up with this idea, Emu?
Emu: A second-year friend showed me this site that showed people how to make them☆
Emu: It looked really fun and I thought that it'd be a great way to surprise everyone because of all the goodies hiding inside, so I decided to make one.
Emu: Also, Keisuke, I went with this because I know you don't like chocolate that much. Please, try some if you can, okay?
Keisuke: I see. Thank you, Emu.
Hinata: This really surprised me too, Emu!
Hinata: You've come such a long way since we made sweets together when we were little!
Emu: Hehe...
Maid: Ms. Emu, I just received word that your mother's trip will be wrapping up sooner than expected and will be coming home early.
Emu: Really?! That means she'll also get to see...
Emu: O-Oh no! We already opened it!
Hinata: Right... Mr. Chef, is there a way to close it up again?
Chef: Yes, I can do that. I shall take this back to the kitchen to begin working on that.
Emu: Thank you so much, Mr. Chef! Please, save our cake!
Hinata: That's great, Emu. This means it'll be a piñata again.
Emu: Yeah!
Hinata: Also, Keisuke, Shosuke, I believe it goes without saying that you'll both need to do some acting for our second take.
Keisuke: Yes, of course.
Shosuke: You're going along with this, Keisuke...?
Emu: Oh, I know! If we take a video, we can show Dad what we did later, right?
Hinata: Good idea. Why don't I take one for you?
Emu: You will?! Thanks, Sis!
Emu: (Mom, I hope you get home soon.)
(Black cut)
