413_Emu Otori_R3 Operation Smile Was A Great Success! (event_55)

Gacha phrase: Tsukasa, you smiled just now!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: *Sigh*
Rui: Hm? You seem awfully tired.
Nene: Did you overdo it during practice today?
Emu: No, I still have about four shows worth of energy...
Nene: What? How can a person have that much stamina...?
Rui: Hehe. But this is Emu we're talking about. At the same time, if you're not tired...
Rui: Ah, are you worried about how Tsukasa's doing?
Emu: Yeah...
Nene: To be fair, I'm worried too. It's been almost two weeks since we started practicing lines without him.
Rui: But all we can really do right now is wait for him to figure this out.
Emu: I know...
Emu: (Isn't there anything I can do for him?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Emu: That was really good!
Emu: Oh, it's Keisuke and Shosuke! Welcome home!
Shosuke: Yes, we're back. Would you please not tackle me while shouting like that?
Emu: Okay♪
Shosuke: *Sigh* You're lucky that all you have to do is smile and nod.
Keisuke: By the way, how's practice going for your next show as ambassadors?
Emu: Huh?
Emu: Oh, um...
Shosuke: Hm? Did something happen?
Emu: So...
(Black cut)
Keisuke: I see... He's having trouble getting into character...
Shosuke: Everyone knows “A Pianist Named Thorpe”... But they're nothing like each other. It's no wonder he's having so much trouble.
Shosuke: I mean, you didn't have to go with a tricky story like this...
Emu: B-But Tsukasa's trying really hard! He's been thinking lots and lots about how Thorpe thinks! He's even reading all these different books about him...!
Keisuke: ...
Keisuke: He'll figure it out. That's what you're hoping, right, Emu?
Emu: ...! Yeah!
Keisuke: In that case, we're in no position to say anything.
Shosuke: Hmph...
Shosuke: Alright, setting that aside... Are you having discussions and giving each other food for thought between practices?
Emu: Food? Like the Salisbury steak I had today?
Shosuke: Not actual food!
Shosuke: I'm talking about reporting, relaying and talking about what you've all been doing! And giving each other food for thought for mental stimulation.
Emu: Oh, that's what you meant! Like stop, drop and roll!
Shosuke: That's only for fire emergencies! Ugh! We're getting off-topic!
Keisuke: Shosuke's trying to ask if you're sharing what you're all doing with one another, as well as how you've been progressing.
Shosuke: Yes, thank you. Because I'm sure practicing for a show's a multistep process.
Shosuke: How are you going to know what to do when you meet back up if you don't know what your other troupe members have been practicing?
Emu: Oh, you're right...!
Keisuke: To be fair, they have that director fellow at the helm, so I'm sure things are mostly under control...
Emu: Alright, I'll try asking Rui and the others about this! Thanks, Keisuke, Shosuke!
Keisuke: Anytime. We'll be looking forward to good results.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

(Place: Wonder Stage)
Rui: Yes, I see. I had a feeling that we'd have to sit down and discuss this at some point.
Nene: Especially since the three of us already made some adjustments to our lines, and changed some of the timing for when we enter and exit the stage while working on our lines.
Rui: Exactly. These scenes all involve Tsukasa in some way, so things will likely go smoother when we do meet back up if we tell him all this in advance.
Rui: Also, a quick brainstorming session would likely mean that I'd be the one telling him what we discussed...
Rui: Hehe. But it seems like you already have an idea, Emu. Why don't you lead us off?
Emu: Yay! Thanks, Rui!
Emu: Here's my idea! *Whisper*
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama High School - School Gate]

Student A: Oh, good morning!
Student B: Morning! Did you catch that show last night?
Emu: Sneaky sneak...
Emu: Hmm... What's taking Tsukasa so long?
Nene: Emu, wait. People are gonna see you if you stick your head out like that.
Rui: You can always look at my drone's footage if you want to see what he's doing. I brought a bigger tablet along just for that purpose today.
Emu: Okay!
Emu: (I really hope our idea ends up working.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: Here's my idea! Tsukasa's probably got himself twisted up in knots because he's thinking really, really hard about this, right?
Emu: Instead of just telling him what we've been doing, I was thinking that we could make it more fun somehow♪
Nene: More fun?
Emu: Yeah☆ I mean, spinach always tastes better after you cook and season it, right?
Nene: You're not wrong, but... Wait, what's that got to do with this?
Rui: Hehe. In other words, you think we should go the extra mile for him.
Emu: Yup! So, I wanna try...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: Okay, this is usually when Tsukasa arrives at school... Ah, speaking of which...
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
Emu: Oh, he's here! But he's still making that face...
Nene: I'm guessing he was thinking about Thorpe the entire way over.
Rui: I have to agree. From here, we'll pursue him to the front entrance using the drone.
(Black cut)

[Kamiyama High School - Front Entrance]

Tsukasa: *Sigh* I can't think of anything that Thorpe and I have in common...
Tsukasa: But I have to find something. I'll take a look at the original story again after I head up to class.
Tsukasa: Gwah! Wh-Why's my shoe locker full of party poppers...?!
Tsukasa: Hm? There's something green and leafy in the back.
Tsukasa: What is this? A vegetable? But it feels like a bundle of paper... I thought it might be real for a second there...
(Black cut)
Rui: Hehe. That's because I took the time to make that notepad look like real spinach.
Rui: I'd be covered in goosebumps if I ever found anything like that in my shoe locker... 
Nene: Was there actually any point in making it look that real...?
Emu: Hey! Tsukasa's flipping through it!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Hm...? This leafy green bundle of paper... Is it supposed to be a notebook?!
Tsukasa: Let's see... “Sergeant ☆ Spinach ☆ Reporting ☆ In! From Emu, Nene and Rui.”
Tsukasa: Hahaha. Now I understand. It's supposed to be spinach. No, this still doesn't make any sense...!
Tsukasa: Hm? Wait... Spinach? Reporting in...?
Tsukasa: Oh, now I get it! This is their way of telling me what they've been doing!
Tsukasa: And they went through the trouble of putting this together.
Tsukasa: Alright, under “Report” they have... I see. They've made some adjustments to their lines, and changed some of the timing for when they enter and exit the stage...
(Black cut)
Emu: Yay! Tsukasa just smiled!
Rui: Looks like he realized that it's from us.
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: “Report: Practices are going well. We're currently working on the middle scenes.”
Tsukasa: Ah, it sounds like they're doing just fine.
Tsukasa: Next, changes.
Tsukasa: “We plan on changing the timing for when the squirrels appear to hear Thorpe play, as well as where they stand on stage. We'll let you know once we've come to a decision.”
Tsukasa: Understood. We'll probably need to make further adjustments once we meet back up too.
Tsukasa: Alright, that just leaves the discussion section... H-Huh...? What's with this drawing?
Tsukasa: Is it an apple? But it isn't red... This color means it must be a pear!
Tsukasa: A green pear...? Like a green light to keep going because there's nothing else to discuss!
Tsukasa: They're getting things done during practice without me present.
Tsukasa: Alright, that means I need to keep trying my best too.
(Black cut)
Nene: It worked, Emu. He actually smiled.
Emu: Yeah! “Operation Smiling Spinach” was a big success♪
Emu: Oh no! I need to go...!
Emu: Nene! Rui! Thanks for helping me with this!
Emu: (Tsukasa, this is about all we can do for you right now...)
Emu: (But we're hoping that you'll come back to us soon!)
(Black cut)
