452_Emu Otori_R4 Fishing Before The Storm (event_62)

Gacha phrase: Oh! I got something☆

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Tsukasa! Rui! We're done cleaning up over here!
Tsukasa: We're just about done as well, so we can call it a day after we get changed.
Rui: Good work, everyone. If we keep this up, we should be more than ready for our ambassadorial performance.
Nene: Yeah. Not only that, we get to do it in Okinawa...
Tsukasa: That's right. It'll be the furthest we've ever traveled for one of these shows.
Emu: Hehe. I can't wait☆ And we get to go on Shosuke's cruiser♪
Emu: Oh, that reminds me! He also told me to ask you guys about something!
Rui: Hm? Does it have to do with our ambassadorial performance?
Emu: So, it has to do with what we can do while we're on his cruiser. He said that we'll have time to stop somewhere for a few hours to play in the ocean, and he told me to ask how you guys would feel about that!
Nene: Wait, he's letting us do that?
Tsukasa: I see... Doing that after we've put on our show seems fine, but before...?
Rui: It may not be easy for us to practice while we're aboard the cruiser, so we could take that opportunity to relax a little before our show, no?
Tsukasa: Yes, that's also true.
Emu: Woohoo! What do you guys wanna do?
Emu: Oh, I already asked if we can try doing some water skiing♪
Nene: Water skiing? As in being towed by a boat while wearing skis?
Tsukasa: Oh, that sounds incredibly fun!
Emu: I know, right?! But he said that we couldn't because we might get hurt!
Tsukasa: We can't?! To be fair, we probably shouldn't take too many risks before our show...
Emu: But he said he'd be okay with looking for an instructor after we do our show!
Nene: That sounds really scary. I think I'll be okay with just watching...
Nene: Also, what happened to coming up with things to do while we're aboard the cruiser?
Emu: Hehe. Oh, right... So, what do you guys wanna do?
Tsukasa: Since we'll be out on the water, I'd like to do some fishing!
Nene: I'm not sure what I want to do yet...
Nene: It's gonna be warm and I might get sunburnt, so I might just relax inside the cabin since it should be nice and cool.
Rui: I think I'll get in some reading. It'll be wonderful to do so while getting a taste of the sea breeze.
Rui: And I'll be more than satisfied as long as I get to see Tsukasa and the rest of you battle it out with the fishes...
Tsukasa: Hahaha! Alright, I'll just have to catch something so big that it leaves you completely speechless!
Rui: Hm? Something so big...? Like the Earth?
Tsukasa: Ugh... Are you insinuating that I'm going to get my hook caught on some corals or rocks below the surface?
Rui: That and an old boot to complete the picture.
Tsukasa: Grr... Again with the mockery! Just you wait! I'll catch me some snappers, tuna, shrimp, flounders or what have you!
Nene: Why shrimp?
Emu: Oh, they'll be nice and plump. Really yummy too if we grill or fry them right there♪
Rui: Also, Tsukasa, you seem awfully confident in your abilities. Have you fished before in the past?
Tsukasa: Down by a river when I was little.
Emu: Wait, that's it?
Tsukasa: Hm? What of it?
Rui: That makes you a total novice...
Tsukasa: Heh. I may be a total novice... However, my victory is assured!
Tsukasa: Because I have beginner's luck on my side!!
Rui: Which means your success is based on pure chance.
Emu: Haha! That's so cool, Tsukasa!
Nene: Yeah, there's just no way. If dumb luck alone lets you catch snappers and tuna, then you'd be bringing the fishing industry to its knees.
Tsukasa: Hahaha! Say these things while you can! I'll show you all when we're aboard the cruiser!
Rui: Hehe. Yes, I'll be looking forward to that.
Emu: Then, fishing it is♪
Emu: What else do you guys wanna do? It's okay for us to come up with lots and lots of ideas!
Nene: That's easier said than done. I mean, I'm not really sure what else we can do while we're out at sea...
Rui: In that case, why don't we do a quick search on our phones? We may come across some fun and interesting activities.
Tsukasa: Agreed. Let's take this time to come up with things to do while we're aboard the cruiser.
Emu: Okay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Backstage]

Tsukasa: Are you all ready to rehearse?!
Emu: Yeah!
Nene: After we got off that island, we've been scrambling to practice and get ready, but we finally made it to this point.
Rui: Yes, and Robo-Nene was also able to receive some much-needed maintenance.
Emu: Thank goodness you got looked at before you got all rusty, Robo-Nene♪
Robo-Nene: Yes. I was afraid that I'd have to change my name to “Robo-Nene the Rust Bucket”.
Nene: Hehe. We wouldn't want that to happen, now would we?
Emu: Yeah. We like you the way you are, Robo-Nene!
Tsukasa: Alright, everyone! I know we usually don't, but we're going to give this rehearsal everything we have!
Nene: Okay, we get it. There's no point in rehearsing unless we treat it like the real thing, right?
Tsukasa: Precisely! Anyway, we're on standby!
Emu: Okay! Oh, I'm gonna move over there!
(Black cut)
Emu: *Gasp*
Emu: Shosuke! Wait, Keisuke, you're here too?!
Shosuke: Ah, there you are. How's your rehearsal going?
Emu: We're just about to get started☆ I'll be appearing from over here♪
Shosuke: I see.
Emu: I didn't know you were coming to Okinawa too, Keisuke!
Keisuke: Oh, I rushed over as soon as I received word that you all became stranded...
Keisuke: But I'm glad to see that you're neither hurt nor ill.
Emu: Yup! I'm so full of energy that I can't stay still☆
Emu: Also, I really can't wait to show you our show♪
Keisuke: I see. As usual, you seem to be in as good a mood as ever.
Shosuke: Wait, where did that come from...?
Keisuke: I was just describing what I saw.
Shosuke: Oh, um... Okay...
Keisuke: Anyway, since your rehearsal's about to start, we should probably move somewhere else.
Shosuke: Right.
Keisuke: We're leaving the show in your troupe's hands, Emu. Give it everything you have as per normal.
Emu: We will! We're gonna do our best to make sure the audience smiles from ear to ear!
Keisuke: Alright.
Shosuke's Voice: So, about what we were discussing... Everything that happened during this voyage was all my fault...
Emu: ...
Shosuke: I wish I'd checked the weather forecast more closely and learned more about the surrounding islands beforehand...
Shosuke: I was far too hasty with my preparations and wasn't able to deal with the inclement weather as a result. And I ended up putting everybody's lives in danger...
Keisuke: Shosuke...
Shosuke: I have no excuse for what happened this time around. I'm prepared to take full responsibility for what happened.
Keisuke: ...
Emu: Shosuke...
Emu: (Take responsibility...?)
Emu: (But he's an adult... And the managing director... Even if I tried to say something, he'll probably just...)
Emu: Oh, I almost forgot! Keisuke, Shosuke, listen♪
Keisuke: Emu...
Shosuke: Huh? You're still here...?!
Emu: Hehe! There's something I forgot to tell you, Keisuke!
Keisuke: Me?
Emu: Yup☆ Guess what? We got to do some fishing when we were aboard the cruiser! And then, I felt something really big get caught on my line!
Emu: I tried to reel it in, but it wouldn't budge at all! That was when I had Tsukasa help me out...
Emu: And it turned out that we were trying to reel in the Earth☆
Shosuke: Emu... Should you be getting ready to rehearse instead of telling us that story...?
Emu: Oh, also! We decided to have some sandwiches for lunch and all these seagulls started flying towards us!
Emu: Then, Robo-Nene used her angry eyes to scare them off and we got to eat our sandwiches in peace!
Emu: After that, Rui got really seasick... I think it was because he was reading the whole time, but we all did our best to make him feel better!
Emu: So, we all had a lot of fun on the cruiser!
Shosuke: ...
Emu: And Shosuke worked really, really hard to fix the radio while we were on that desert island! That's why we were able to...
Emu: Wah! Shosuke, my hair's gonna be a mess...
Shosuke: Quiet, you. I know you'll have time to fix it before you go on stage. Also, what's a kid like you doing trying to cover for an adult?
Keisuke: ...
Keisuke: Emu, did you have fun during this trip?
Emu: Yup...! It was super duper extra fun! I'm sure Tsukasa and the others will say the same!
Keisuke: I see...
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Hey, Emu! The rehearsal's about to start!
Emu: Okay!
Emu: Sorry, I've gotta get going!
Keisuke: We'll have a chance to discuss all this later, but at the very least, you all seem to have enjoyed yourselves very much...
Keisuke: I'm glad for you, Shosuke.
Shosuke: Me too...
(Black cut)
