476_Emu Otori_R4 Our Eyes Are Sparkling☆ (event_66)

Gacha phrase: Ready?! Here we go, Nene☆

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku)

[Arcade]

Miku (WxS): <Oh, there we go! You both had these beautiful smiles on your faces☆>
Emu: Thanks, Miku!
Emu: Alright, next, it's doodling time♪ Let's draw lots and lots of stuff together, Nene!
Nene: Right. Taking a picture's only half of the story...
Nene: Can you take care of this part, Emu? I'm not really all that confident in my drawing skills...
Emu: Are you sure? It's not that hard. All you have to do is...
Emu: Place smiley-face stamps here, here and here! Throw in lots and lots of these sparkly star effects!
Miku (WxS): <Wow! Your picture's becoming so colorful and sparkly!>
Emu: Hehe. Then, we can put a pair of cat ears on Nene☆
Nene: What...?!
Miku (WxS): <Oh my gosh! Nene, you look adorable!>
Nene: Sure, the cat ears themselves are cute...
Nene: But are you sure about adding in all these extra things, Emu? I thought we were being judged mainly based on the actual picture we take...
Emu: We'll be fine♪
Emu: I'm sure that the judges are gonna smile from ear to ear when they see that we had a ton of fun making this.
Miku (WxS): <Yup yup! I agree 100%!>
Emu: So... Here, the pen's all yours!
Nene: W-Wait, you want me to...?
Emu: Of course! We should be having fun by working on it together, right?
Nene: Yeah, but... What am I supposed to do exactly...?
Emu: I know☆ Let's give me a mustache!
Nene: A mustache?!
Emu: Right about... Here♪
Nene: H-Hehe... I can't believe you actually gave yourself one.
Miku (WxS): <Oh, Nene, you're smiling.>
Emu: See?! You can't help but smile after seeing our picture!
Nene: I get that, but a mustache seems a little unfair.
Nene: Still... Okay, I'll also try drawing something that'll make everyone smile.
Emu: Yeah, let's do it!
Emu: Oh, Nene, what about here? The bottom left corner's still kinda empty!
Nene: You're right. Hmm... What to draw...
Emu: This is so exciting...!
Nene: S-Staring at me like that probably isn't really helping...
Nene: Oh, right...
Miku (WxS): <Whoa...!>
Emu: Nene, aren't these the singing flowers from SEKAI?!
Nene: Yeah, they are. I thought that it'd be nice to include them since we're using all these smiley-face stamps.
Nene: Well, to be fair, all I did was draw some flower petals around them.
Emu: No, I love your idea!
Miku (WxS): <Yeah, me too! Oh, I know! What if you drew in some musical notes to make it look like they're singing?>
Emu: Whoa! That's an amazing idea! I'm gonna do that right now!
Emu: Let's keep going, Nene☆
Nene: Sure.
(Black cut)
Emu: Awesome! Our stickers look funtastically good!
Nene: Yeah, they do. We still have a little time left. Do you wanna keep going or stop here?
Miku (WxS): <Oh, wait. There might still be more you can do for this picture!>
Emu: Really...? No, you're right! The upper right corner's a little empty!
Emu: Hehe. In that case...
Emu: Yeah! I'll draw a circle here and make it all spiky. Then draw another one here and throw in some whooshes...!
Emu: All done! Here, can you guess who I drew?
Miku (WxS): <Oh, I know! It's Tsukasa, Rui and me!>
Emu: We have a winner!
Nene: Hehe. You did a great job, Emu. You captured Tsukasa's inflated sense of self and Rui's usual look of satisfaction perfectly.
Nene: At the same time, what made you choose them?
Emu: Tsukasa and Rui are working really hard to move that big prop for us today, right?
Emu: I thought we could show them our appreciation by giving them these along with those tickets!
Nene: The tickets are one thing, but giving them these might be really embarrassing...
Nene: But they'll probably really appreciate it too.
Miku (WxS): <Yeah, exactly!>
Emu: Hehe. I can't wait to show them what we made!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[Arcade]

Emu: The gaming tournament was so much fun!
Emu: And we won! Which means we get to see that show with Tsukasa and the others!
Nene: Yeah.
Nene: Um... What do you wanna do after this? They're heading over here once they're done moving that big prop, right?
Emu: Yeah! I know the tournament's all done, but let's wait here!
Emu: There were a ton of games that we didn't play during it, so I wanna play some of them with you, Nene♪
Nene: Y-You do? In that case, I don't mind...
Emu: Oh, Nene, look! Let's play that car-driving game♪
Nene: Huh?! Wait!
(Black cut)
Emu: Humhumhuum♪
Emu: We got to play so much☆ The game with all the cars, that fighting game and some claw machines!
Nene: Yeah, we did. Also, Emu, you really blew me away just now.
Emu: Huh?
Nene: I only gave you some pointers on how to play these games. You were the one who actually pulled everything off immediately.
Emu: Hehe. That's because you gave me a lot of really good advice, Nene☆
Emu: For example, for that fighting game, you told me when and where to strike while watching from behind!
Nene: Oh, I wasn't really teaching per se that time... I got a bit excited after seeing that you and your opponent were really well-matched...
Emu: Really?! That means you had a lot of fun too!
Nene: Hehe. Yeah, I did.
Nene: Anyway, what do you wanna play next?
Emu: Hmm... Eenie... Meenie... Miny... Oh...!
Emu: Nene, look! That game looks really musical!
Nene: Oh, that's a rhythm game with a lot of Miku songs.
Emu: Yeah, I wanna try that next!
Nene: Sure, why not? You can go first.
Emu: Yay! Thanks, Nene! Let's see... Oh, I'll play this song☆
Nene: Wait, Emu, you just set it to EXTREME mode...
Emu: Start the music♪
Emu: Hey, it's Miku! Nene, look she's dancing!
Nene: Yes, the video's really cool, but look at the game screen! You have to hit the buttons that correspond to the symbols that fall towards you!
Emu: Okay♪
Emu: There! That one! Got it! Not so fast!
Emu: Bam! Bam! Hop! Skip! And! Jump!
Nene: H-How's she doing this...?!
Nene: It's actually possible to do this on your first try...?
(Black cut)
Emu: Nene, look! I missed a few, but I cleared it!
Nene: Y-Yeah, you did. I sorta can't believe it...
Nene: We probably would've had a much easier time winning the gaming tournament if they had us play a music game.
Emu: Hm? The screen's asking me to enter in my name.
Nene: Oh, you must've gotten the top score.
Nene: Let's see. You can use the name on your player card or come up with a new one...
Emu: Hmm... But you only get three characters if you enter in a new name. I'll need more than that for EmuOtori.
Nene: You're gonna use your real name...?
Nene: Normally, people use their nickname or something. Didn't I mention that when we were making our cards?
Emu: Right. Then, I'll use the name we came up with for my card!
Emu: By the way, Nene, what name did you choose?
Nene: Huh? Me?
Nene: I usually use the same name whenever I play anything and chose that for my card...
Emu: Oh, okay! That means it didn't take long at all for you to make yours!
Emu: So, what's your name?
Nene: Pomero...
Emu: Pomero?
Nene: Yeah, it's spelled like how it sounds...
Emu: Pomero...! That's such a cute name!
Nene: H-Hey, don't shout it out like that. It's really embarrassing.
Emu: Hehe. Sorry♪ Is there some meaning behind it?
Nene: That's actually embarrassing, so I'm keeping it a secret.
Emu: Aww, but I really wanna know! Hang on! I can try looking it up on my phone♪
Nene: Hey, no fair! I'm confiscating that!
Nene: You'll get it back after you promise to not look it up.
Emu: But...! Oh, what if I looked it up later in secret?!
Nene: You still plan on looking it up?! Oh, you...
(Black cut)
