498_Emu Otori_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I wanna make this a special day with everyone☆

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Emu: Morning, everyone♪
Hinata: Oh, Emu!
Hinata: Good morning. And... Happy birthday!
Keisuke: Happy birthday, Emu.
Emu: *Nod* Thanks, Sis, Keisuke!
Hinata: Come on, Shosuke, you too. Quit being so bashful and celebrate your little sister's birthday.
Shosuke: Huh? We aren't kids anymore. Also, who are you calling bashful?
Shosuke: Alright, fine... Happy birthday.
Emu: Hehe. Thank you too, Shosuke!
Hinata: Mom and Dad even said they'd be coming home early today, which means you get to have a birthday party tonight with all of us there.
Emu: Really?! Including you guys?!
Keisuke: Yes, I plan to be there.
Emu: Woohoo! I'll do my best to get home early!
Keisuke: Yes, we'd appreciate that. Also, Emu, there's something we'll need you to do.
Keisuke: You'll need to look at this piece of paper.
Emu: A piece of paper? It looks kinda like a letter...
Keisuke: I received that from someone you may or may not know. We don't know what's going on or what's written, but they said you'll understand once you read it.
Emu: So, I just have to read it? Then, I'll open it now!
Shosuke: Honestly, dragging us into something so...
Hinata: Hehe. I think it's nice. It shows how close they all are.
Hinata: So, Emu, what does it say?
Emu: Umm...
Written Assignment: “Go to your place of education! The next path for you to take shall be revealed there!”
Emu: Place of education...? So, it's telling me to go to school?
Keisuke: Okay, Private Emu. Your mission is to go to school as ordered.
Emu: Roger! Private Emu will head out immediately!!
Hinata: Have fun!
Shosuke: And don't cross any streets without looking first!
Emu's Voice (Emu): I won't♪
Hinata: Hehe. I hope this turns into a wonderful day for Emu.
Keisuke: So do I.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Outside Class 1-B]

Emu: I wonder what my next path is? I can't wait to find out what that piece of paper meant♪
Saki: Oh, there she is! Emu!
Honami: Good morning!
Emu: Morning☆ Wait, what are you all doing in front of our classroom?
Kohane: Hehe. We were waiting for you, silly.
Saki: Exactly! Happy birthday, Emu!
Ichika, Honami, Shiho & Kohane: Happy birthday!
Emu: Oh wow...! You guys...!
Honami: Here, Emu. This is from us. We really hope you like it.
Emu: You got me a present?! Thank you so much!
Ichika: We discussed at length what to get you and chose very carefully, so I'm sure you're going to enjoy it.
Emu: Oh, what's inside?! I can't wait to open it☆
Shiho: Alright, I think it's about time we gave her the thing. Saki, if you will.
Saki: Okay! Ahem...!
Saki: Private Emu, congratulations on making it this far! Here is your next assignment!
Emu: It's like the one Keisuke gave me! Oh, Saki, did you also get it from “someone I may or may not know”?
Saki: Yup♪ They said, “Hand this to Emu when you're at school!”
Emu: Haha! You kinda sounded like Tsukasa just now!
Saki: Huh?! Oh, um... Y-Yeah, I guess...
Ichika: S-Saki was given this paper by a man, but there's no guarantee that your brother received his from the same person, right...?
Shiho: Ichika, you're giving away too much...
Emu: I see... That means there's more than one culprit at work, right?
Honami: F-For now, why don't you see what's written?
Emu: Oh, right! Let's see...
Written Assignment: “Congratulations on making it this far. For your second assignment, you are to find the idols after school who hone their craft under the blue sky.”
Emu: Oh, I'm supposed to find them after school! I can't wait to find out what it means!
Honami: Hehe. Sounds like you get to have quite a bit of fun after school.
Emu: Yeah♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop]

Emu: Pardon the intrusion!
Minori: Oh, Emu, there you are!
Airi: Okay, ready? One, two...!
Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Happy birthday, Emu! Happy birthday, Otori!
Emu: Hehe. Thank you all so much♪
Haruka: This is for you, Otori. From us.
Emu: Oh wow! You all got me a present too, Haruka?!
Haruka: Of course. Because you're my dear friend.
Emu: Haruka...!
Emu: Haruka, Minori, thank you so much! You too, Airi, Shizuku...!
Airi: Hehe. You're very welcome! Not only are you my adorable, little junior...!
Airi: We're still members of the Secret Valentine's Day Alliance, right?
Emu: *Gasp* Right!
Minori: Oh, Emu, this is also for you!
Emu: Hey, another assignment! Who did you guys get this from?
Minori: Huh? Um...
Shizuku: Hehe. I have a feeling that things will be more fun if we keep that secret until the end, no?
Haruka: Agreed. You'll have to deduce that for yourself, Otori.
Airi: Exactly! Anyway, why don't you see what's written?
Emu: Okay!
Emu: Oh...!
Written Assignment: “Congratulations on making it this far. For your third assignment, you are to go to the smile-filled wonderland where those who watch over our thoughts and feelings await.”
Emu: (The smile-filled wonderland...? Does it mean...?!)
Minori: Emu, do you know where your next destination is?
Emu: Yup♪ Thanks for the present and relaying my assignment to me!
Emu: Thank you too, Airi, Shizuku!
Airi: You're welcome!
Shizuku: It's your special day, so please have lots of fun!
Emu: I will!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Go, Emu, go☆
Mafuyu: *Gasp*
Emu: W-W-Wah...!!
Mafuyu: You startled me... Otori, you know you're not supposed to run in the corridors.
Emu: I-I-I-I'm so sorry...! There's somewhere I really have to go and...!
Mafuyu: Oh, that's right. Isn't it your birthday today? Did you make plans to meet with someone?
Emu: Huh? Y-Yes! But how did you know it's my...?
Mafuyu: We had a student council meeting during lunch and I just happened to hear Hoshino mention it.
Mafuyu: So, Otori, happy birthday.
Emu: Thank you very much...!
Mafuyu: Hehe. Anyway, I'll see you later.
Emu: E-Eep...! See you later, Asahina.
Emu: Th-That was so scary...
Emu: (Her eyes weren't smiling at all... But still, she wished me a happy birthday!)
Emu: Now, I've gotta go see Miku and the others♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mafuyu Asahina, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: Hmm... That third piece of paper mentioned a “smile-filled wonderland”. It meant SEKAI right?
Emu: But I don't see Miku or anyone else. Where are they?
Miku's Voice (Miku-WxS): Heh heh heh. Right here☆
Emu: Huh?
Miku & KAITO: Happy birthday, Emu!
Emu: Wh-Wh-Whoa...! I'm being showered with so many flowers...!
KAITO: These flowers are from all of us.
Miku (WxS): We wanted to really surprise you, so we made lots and lots of them♪
Emu: What?! You guys made all these?! That makes me super duper extra happy with a cherry on top!
Emu: Oh, where are the others? I really wanna thank them!
Miku (WxS): Guess what?! MEIKO and the others are busy putting together a secret...
KAITO: M-Miku!
KAITO: E-Emu, you actually have one last assignment to complete! So, you should take a look at this.
Emu: One last assignment?! Lemme see! Lemme see!
Written Assignment: “Congratulations of making it this far. This will be your final assignment... Or is it?”
Written Assignment: “Have you figured who we are yet?”
Written Assignment: “We'll be awaiting you at the stage where it all began!!”
Emu: The stage where it all began...?! That means the people who wrote these are...!
KAITO: Your dear friends are waiting for you, Emu.
Miku (WxS): Yup yup☆ With something even more fun and explosive than our flower shower...
KAITO: Ahem, so! Please come back to SEKAI in a little bit!
Emu: Hehe. Roger dodger! I'll be back for sure!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Tsukasa! Nene! Rui! I'm heeeeere!
Tsukasa: Ah, Private Emu! Congratulations on making it this far!
Rui: Let us begin by rewarding you for reaching the end.
Nene: Ready?!
Tsukasa, Nene & Rui: Happy birthday, Emu! Emu, happy birthday!
Emu: Hehe. Thank you all so...
Tsukasa: And!!
Emu: Huh?!
Emu: Wh-What...?!
Everyone: Happy birthday!!
(Background change)
(Background change)
Emu: Wow...!! Y-You guys...!
Emu: You're here?! Even after celebrating at school?! And you have fireworks?!
Rui: Hehe. They're for your birthday party, Emu. We figured that we should prepare a big one since you'd have so many of your friends here.
Nene: Yeah. And we really need to thank Azusawa and all of you for helping us out.
Kohane: Hehe. You're very welcome!
Saki: We wanted to see you guys' surprise to go off without a hitch, so I'm really glad that you invited us to join you!
Emu: Oh, Tsukasa, does that mean you guys wrote all those assignments?!
Tsukasa: Correct! And Nene was the one suggested that we do something special to celebrate.
Emu: This was your idea, Nene?!
Nene: Um, well... I knew you liked surprises, so I thought that it could be fun...
Nene: But Tsukasa and the others are the ones who gathered everyone to help...
Tsukasa: Hahahaha! I ended up pulling all the strings I could as a star.
Rui: Hehe. Tsukasa asked Saki who then asked everybody at Miya Girls. Also, we had Mr. Mascot contact your brothers and such to see if they'd lend us a hand.
Tsukasa: Right!
Tsukasa: Saki, as well as the rest of you! Thank you for helping us!
Saki: You're welcome!
Honami: It was fun to be able to celebrate together like this.
Airi: Yeah, I'll always be up for fun events like this! Especially if it's a dear friend's birthday.
Emu: Saki, Honami, Airi...!
Emu: I... I love you all so much...!
Emu: *Cry* Nene!! Thank you sooo much for coming up with this surprise!!
Nene: Whoa...! D-Don't throw yourself at me like that. You almost knocked me over.
Emu: But... But...!
Tsukasa: Don't tell us that you're satisfied with just this, Emu.
Rui: Hehe. This party's just getting started.
Emu: What?! But you guys have already done so much!
Tsukasa: Yes! So, let's get on stage!
Tsukasa: We're going to mark this very special occasion by putting on a show that's going to blow the socks off everyone here!
Kohane: A show?!
Saki: W-Wait, you never said anything about doing a show!
Tsukasa: Of course we're doing a show! An authentic surprise performance by none other than us, Wonderlands×Showtime!
Emu: Wow...! Wait, what kind of show are we gonna do?! Can I see the script?!
Rui: Ah, we don't actually have one for you. As such, you'll be free to do as you please throughout our performance.
Emu: As I please?!
Nene: Yeah. We have a basic story for the beginning, but how our show ends is gonna depend on how you improvise after that.
Emu: Th-That sounds super fun!!
Tsukasa: We normally don't get to put on shows like these, so you're free to have as much fun as you possibly can!
Emu: I will!
Rui: Then, Emu, to the stage.
Emu: Okay♪ Up we go...
Emu: Oh...
Emu: (From up here... Everyone's smiles look so sparkly...!)
Tsukasa: Emu, are you ready?!
Emu: Yup!
Emu: They put a big smile on my face, so now it's my turn to do the same for them!
Emu: I don't want today to be just about me... I want to make it a super special day for everyone...!
Tsukasa: Alright, here we go!
Tsukasa, Emu, Nene & Rui: It's showtime!!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000112/bg_s000112.png)
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Otori. I know it was brief, but I'm glad we had a chance to talk.
Mafuyu: Your fun and energetic personality has this way of cheering up everybody around you, so I hope that doesn't change moving forward.
Ichika: Happy birthday, Otori. I'm glad you enjoyed our surprise.
Shiho: And you seemed to really like the snacks we got for you as your present. We really talked a lot about what to get you.
Kohane: We did. Which why we tried gathering all the snacks we could that were yummy and also looked fun to eat or play with!
Saki: Yeah! And the box for your present looked like it was about to burst after we crammed everything in!
Honami: Hehe. But we managed to tie it up with a nice bow, Emu, so please be careful when you open it. Everything inside may come flying out.
Saki: Haha! Actually, she'd probably really enjoy that! Now, Airi, if you will♪
Airi: Thanks, Saki.
Airi: Once again, Emu, happy birthday! I'm glad that I was able to celebrate with you like this! It turned out to be a really great party!
Minori: And that show you did for us was something else! It was amazing how it was mostly improvised!
Shizuku: I agree. You and your troupe mates were in perfect sync with one another. We came to throw you a party but ended up being the ones that were entertained.
Haruka: Hehe. It definitely felt like a birthday party that was thrown just for you, Otori. It was also easy to tell how much you love shows and seeing everyone smile.
Airi: Totally. I hope you get more and more chances to make people smile with your shows, Emu. I'll be looking forward to seeing what you have in store for us.
Tsukasa: Hahaha! As a stage performer, there's nothing better than evoking that feeling of surprise and excitement in others, and putting smile on their faces!
Rui: I agree. And were able to do that because everybody was kind enough to join us to celebrate Emu's special day.
Nene: Yeah, she has so many friends too. Having Hoshino and the others to help out was nice, but I was so nervous when I asked them about this.
Rui: But it was worth it in the end, right?
Nene: Yeah... Especially since I got to see Emu smile so much.
Tsukasa: Exactly!
Tsukasa: So, Emu, happy birthday! Let's keep putting on the best shows ever and make as many people as we can smile!
Hinata: Happy birthday, Emu! I'm guessing you had a lovely day. I could tell when you returned home today.
Shosuke: Your head was more in the clouds than usual.
Keisuke: Yes, but I believe helping with that surprise was worth it.
Hinata: Hehe. We're happy to see you surrounded by so many wonderful friends. I hope you get to have lots of fun with them in the future!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Today was suuuch a super duper incredibly amazing day!
Emu: Nene and the others helped come up with ideas...
Emu: And Saki and everyone else even lent them a hand, so I love them even more now☆
Emu: I have to take all the happiness I was showered with today and share it with everyone who comes to see our shows!
Emu: Alright, I'm gonna keep doing everything I can show give them the most wonderhoy shows possible! Yeah!
(White cut)
