501_Emu Otori_R4 The Same Face As Mr. Octopus☆ (event_70)

Gacha phrase: Octopus, octopus, so cute and squishy♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Ena Shinonome)

[Emu's Room]

Ena: Okay, now that you two have learned to draw a good number of animals, let's call it a day.
Emu: We drew so many too!
Honami: Y-Yes, we did...! But drawing's still very challenging to me...
Ena: I think you've improved a lot compared to when we first started. The cat you drew towards the end was really cute.
Honami: I-It was? Thank goodness...
Emu: Thank you for teaching us today, Ena! It was super duper fun!
Ena: Yeah, I had fun too.
Hinata: Oh, did you all just finish? I brought some tea and snacks.
Emu: Yay! Thanks, Sis!
Honami: Thank you very much. We really appreciate it.
Hinata: No, this is no big deal. Please relax and enjoy.
Ena: Thank you. We'll do just that.
Ena: She said this is no big deal... But these teacups... Aren't they a famous brand?
Emu: Really? These are supposed to be her favorites. Are they that famous?
Ena: I went to a nice place the other day for afternoon tea and pretty sure the cups were made by the same brand.
Ena: Still, these look way more intricate... I've gotta think they're worth a pretty penny...
Honami: We're just having tea, but I'm starting to feel a little nervous. I need to be careful to not let it slip out of my hand...
Ena: From that painting to these teacups... Emu, your house is full of all these artistic treasures.
Emu: Hehe. Most of the stuff decorated around the house is stuff my grandpa bought or received from friends as gifts♪
Emu: He got the painting in the living room from a friend who lives in Europe!
Ena: As a gift?! I understand buying a painting like that, but receiving one from a friend?! How?! Why?!
Honami: Haha... Emu's grandfather founded Phoenix Wonderland, so he must've been an incredible human being.
Ena: Yeah... It's not every day that you get to see such a famous painting up close. It was a real treat for my eyes.
Emu: Then, would you like to see more? The living room isn't the only place where we have stuff on display♪
Ena: Oh, are you sure?
Emu: Yes! Also, um...
Emu: Can you tell me more about who drew which painting and any stories associated with them?
Ena: Huh? Didn't your grandfather tell you about them?
Emu: I heard some stories from him, but he didn't know about all of them. And the person who gave them to him usually did most of the talking...
Ena: I see. Then, I'll give explanations where I can.
Emu: Yay☆ Thank you so much, Ena!
Honami: Hehe. That's wonderful, Emu. I think I'll take this opportunity to also learn more about art.
Emu: Yeah, we can learn together♪
Emu: So, let's head down to the living room!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Emu: Ta-daa! This is the living room!
Honami: I still can't believe how many famous paintings are on display here. This place really does seem like an art museum...
Ena: Also, Emu, something's been bugging me ever since you led us up to your room...
Ena: That's Avatino Monapoc's “Acorus Calamus”, right? Is it the original...?
Emu: Um... I think so... We have to take it down whenever we loan it out to museums♪
Ena: Y-You've gotta be kidding me...
Honami: I'm speechless as well...
Honami: Oh, these paintings are lovely, but so is this end table. It's so beautifully designed...
Emu: That was made over 100 years ago in England! At least, that's what one of my big brothers said.
Ena: It's a real antique...?!
Ena: H-Hang on...! This design... I forget their name, but only one person in the world can make such ornate decorations...
Honami: What?! Is it that rare?!
Emu: Wow, I didn't know that! Thanks, Ena! I'm really glad you're here to look at all these things!
Ena: I'm nothing special, really! I just happened to recognize it is all.
Ena: Still, what was that person's name... I'll try looking them up when I get home.
Emu: Woohoo! Thank you!
Emu: Next, we'll head to the room where we chat with our guests!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Emu's Room)
Emu: That concludes our little expedition and tour of my house! What did you both think?
Ena: It was just one surprise after another. My brain's still having trouble processing everything. Your house has more works of art than some lesser-known art museums...
Honami: She's right. Things that I'd only ever seen in textbooks are on display in your hallway...
Ena: Yeah. I thought my heart was gonna stop when I saw Kavrough's “Morning Glories”...
Emu: Hehe. That's been one of my favorites forever. I really wanted to hang it up in my room...
Emu: But I was told that it's really hard to maintain and how it's not good to expose it to sunlight.
Emu: So, I asked to have it hung up somewhere close to my room which makes it look like the flowers are in full bloom! And Grandpa found that spot!
Honami: I see. Hehe. Your grandfather must've been a wonderful person.
Emu: Yup!
Emu: Ever since I had to say goodbye to Grandpa, I've been greeting those morning glories every day.
Emu: I'm hoping that, through them, he'll be able to hear me!
Ena: Emu...
Ena: Right. Those morning glories mean a lot to you because they meant a lot to him.
Emu: Yup!
Honami: Thank you for showing it to us, Emu.
Ena: Yeah, I think we both learned a lot.
Emu: No, it was my pleasure! I got to learn so much about all the works of art that Grandpa left to us, so I'm really happy!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Emu Otori, Ena Shinonome)

[Kindergarten]

Emu: Two antennas popping out of its head♪ They're sending out some really happy signals.
Emu: And just like that, you have a giraffe♪
Kindergartner: Haha! This giraffe's like a radio station!
Kindergartner: I'm gonna paint more waves!
Kindergartner: I wanna paint some zig-zaggy waves!
Emu: Hey, that's a great idea! I can't wait to see how all your giraffes turn out♪
Emu: (Oh, I wonder what Honami's painting...)
Kindergartner: Oh, Ms. Honami, are you painting something new? What is it?
Honami: This is a cat wearing a scarf. Hehe. Quite stylish, no?
Ena: Hmm... I should touch this part up a bit more and...
Kindergartner: Wow! Ms. Ena, your bear's so cool! It's going all, “Grrr!”
Kindergartner: I-I'm scared. What if it tries to eat me?
Ena: Hehe. Yeah. It's so hungry that it might just gobble you up whole.
Kindergartner: What?!
Ena: But if we paint a bunch of delicious fruits for it to eat, it might become too full to come after you.
Ena: It may even try to protect you against mean or not-so-nice people as a token of its appreciation.
Kindergartner: Really?! Then, I'm gonna paint lots and lots of fruit!
Kindergartner: Yeah, me too!
Emu: Hehe. Those two sound like they're having fun.
Kindergartner: Hey, Ms. Emu. I wanna paint a lion but don't really know how...
Emu: Okay! Let's try practicing together with the help of a song♪
Kindergartner: *Gasp* Yeah!
Emu: Alright, here we go!
Emu: Here's a circle that's nice and round♪ And lots and lots of pointy spikes!
Kindergartner: Whoa! It's a lion's face!
Emu: Ready? Whoosh to the right! And whoosh to the left!
Kindergartner: Wow! That's so cool! It grew whiskers!
Emu: Hehe. Paint two little eyes and a little mouth♪ And look at that! It's a lion!
Kindergartner: That's amazing, Ms. Emu! I think I can draw a lion now!
Emu: I'm sure you can too! Let's try painting one together now!
Honami, Ena & the Kindergartners: Emu, let's paint together♪
Emu: Honami, Ena! Oh, you're all here!
Kindergartner: I wanna sing while painting a lion too!
Kindergartners: Me three!
Emu: Woohoo! Everyone, let's sing and paint some lions together!
Kindergartner: Yeah, let's paint together!
Kindergartner: Okay! I'll paint here!
Kindergartner: I'm gonna paint next to Ms. Honami!
Ena: And it looks like this is the only bit of wall left. Our zoo will be complete once it's painted up.
Emu: Yeah! We can sing while we do too♪
Emu: Here's a circle that's nice and round♪ And lots and lots of pointy spikes!
Honami & the Kindergartners: Here's a circle that's nice and round♪ And lots and lots of pointy spikes!
(Black cut)
Kindergartner: Ms. Emu, I did it! I drew a lion!
Emu: Oh, that looks amazing! Let's try coloring it now☆
Kindergartner: Okay!
Kindergartners: Ms. Emu, can you take a look at mine?
Kindergartners: Mine too!
Emu: Yup yup! You both did super duper great! A cute lion and a cool lion!
Emu: How are you doing, Honami?
Honami: Um... Here's mine...
Emu: Hmm...
Ena: I-It's...
Ena: (It's supposed to be a lion... But it looks like a creature that's suffering in the underworld...)
Emu: Oh, I know what it is!
Emu: It's a lion that's growling, right? The blob in the back must be its body!
Honami: Y-Yes, that's right! But I think I made its mouth a little too big. It sort of looks like it's going to dislocate its jaw...
Emu: No, it has so much impact! I really like it!
Honami: Thank you, Emu!
Honami: Still, Ena, your lion's just so incredible.
Emu: Wh-Whoa! She's painting its body and everything!
Ena: Hehe. Lions are nice because they have a lot of unique features, like big, strong legs and tails with cute tufts of fur.
Emu: Haha! I can't believe our painting song helped produce such a cool lion!
Emu: That's so amazing! You can get so many different kinds of lions from just one song!
Ena: Each one we painted is proof of that.
Ena: Anyway, we still have some space left. What animal shall we paint next?
Emu: Hmm... We painted a bunch of lions, so something that you usually see with it might be good...
Kindergartners: Oh, bunnies!
Kindergartners: Deers!
Kindergartners: Zebras!
Ena: Aren't those all prey...?
Kindergartner: No, they'll be fine because we're painting a zoo! Right, Ms. Emu?!
Emu: Exactomundo! So, why don't we paint a Ferris wheel for all our animals to go on?!
Kindergartners: Yeah! We can sing while we do too♪
(Black cut)
