526_Emu Otori_R2 Let's Do Some Improv♪ (event_74)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Hm? You're gonna go buy some stuff?
Rui: Yes, we need more flower confetti. Our show tomorrow will fall short of being perfect without it.
Tsukasa: Asahi and I will be tagging along. So, it'll be up to you two to make sure everything is put away and cleaned up.
Nene: Okay. Good luck, you guys.
Tsukasa: Thank you!
Emu: Alright, let's start checking!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
ArcLand Cast Member A: Thanks, you two! Nice work today!
ArcLand Cast Member B: Tomorrow's our big day. Let's give everyone an amazing show!
Emu: Yeah, let's do our best!
ArcLand Cast Member C: Yes, let's! But for now, everyone, please get home safe!
Emu: Okay♪ Let's go, Nene.
Nene: Okay.
Emu: One month flew by sooo fast.
Nene: Yeah, it did... We really did a lot too.
Emu: Yup yup! And everyone was so nice!
Nene: Yeah. They're all amazing actors, but not snobbish at all. And they were willing to teach us a bunch of stuff...
Nene: They showed a lot of interest in Rui's ideas too. In that sense, they seem really open-minded.
Emu: Yeah☆ Oh, remember how we did some improv before we started practicing? That was really fun♪
Nene: Yeah. It was meant to be a quick exercise to help us get to know each other and see what our acting styles are like, right?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: Rui, Rui, can we get started?
Rui: Yes, go right on ahead.
Emu: Okay...
Emu: “Wow☆ Everyone, look over there! It's a great big gingerbread castle!”
Tsukasa: She dove straight into the deep end...
Nene: Yes, but I'd expect no less from Emu.
Tsukasa: Alright, I guess we should step in since we know her style the best out of...
Asahi: “Yes, it's gigantic! I'd love to see what's inside!”
ArcLand Cast Member A: “Yeah! But where's the entrance?”
ArcLand Cast Member B: “Oh... Is it that? Look, it's a door made of chocolate!”
ArcLand Cast Member C: “It has to be! Hmm... This looks like a doorknob... Let's try turning it... Like this!”
Asahi: “Hey, hang on! If you turn it like that...! See! Now look what you've done! You broke it!”
ArcLand Cast Member C: “Wh-What was I supposed to do? It's not my fault that it's made of chocolate!”
Emu: “But... Hm? Oh! It smells so yummy! Now we know that it's real chocolate!”
Emu: “Hey, can I have half of that? All this work is making me hungry♪”
ArcLand Cast Member C: “Sure, just give me one second. Let's see if I can split it nicely...”
Rui: Tsukasa, Nene... Please don't stand there looking dumbfounded, and try to join in.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Nene: Agreeing to give Rui's ideas a chance was one thing, but they didn't even hesitate when it came to going along with what you were doing. I honestly can't believe it.
Nene: Not only that, they came up with fun ways to complete the story while clearly presenting what their characters were like.
Emu: Yeah, that was so much fun!
Emu: Oh, I really liked the story about chasing the rabbit on the moon! The story about dancing with jellyfish too!
Emu: *Sigh* But it's all over now...
Nene: Yeah, I'm a little sad too. It sort of ended just as we were really starting to get to know each other.
Emu: But we can't stay sad forever since we have to do our show tomorrow!
Emu: Let's do our best to turn our frowns upside down!
Nene: Yeah, you're right.
Nene: We practiced a ton in order to make sure we put on an incredible show.
Emu: That's the spirit, Nene! Let's do our absolute super duper best to make that happen!
Nene: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: We're back♪
Tsukasa: *Sigh* We're finally back...
Nene: Yeah... But I guess that's really it for our ambassadorial performances.
Tsukasa: After performing at so many different venues too. The beach, a historical building...
Emu: And we got to go to the U.S. to learn more about doing shows♪
Nene: Don't forget about how we got stranded on a desert island. But I guess even that ended up being fun.
Rui: Hehe. Yes, I agree. Despite everything that happened, I'm glad we made it through just fine.
Emu: Hehe. Yeah, a lot really did happen☆
Emu: (We probably wouldn't have had a chance to do these ambassadorial performances if it weren't for them...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
Emu: Huh? Negotiations? What are you talking about?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Dad, Keisuke, Shosuke... I... Um...
Emu: I'm sorry!
Emu: But I just couldn't give up!
Emu: I want Phoenix Wonderland to be “a place that makes everyone smile” forever and ever!
Emu: I don't care if you replace all the rides and get rid of the stages...
Emu: I just don't want it to stop being a place where everyone can smile, laugh and be happy!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Keisuke: Somewhere along the way, I'd convinced myself that dreams and ideals were too frivolous to be bothered with...
Keisuke: But you proved me wrong. I realize how great it is to be able to believe in something now.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: (We were able to keep Phoenix Wonderland the way Grandpa wanted it because they were all there to help...)
Emu: (And we were able to put on so many fun ambassadorial shows for the same reason.)
Tsukasa: Emu? Why are you staring at the Wonder Stage? Is something the matter?
Emu: Hehe. Because it looks more sparkly than usual♪
Emu: Not just the Wonder Stage! Everywhere we went!
Emu: All the guests look so shiny and sparkly because they're smiling so much!
Tsukasa: I agree. Your brothers did mention how we've been getting more guests as a result of our ambassadorial performances.
Emu: Yeah!
Emu: I felt really sad when we heard that we'd stop doing ambassadorial performances...
Emu: But it also made sense since it was a sign that everyone's smiles had made Phoenix Wonderland all better!
Tsukasa: Yes, you're right!
Emu: Hehe. I wanna tell Miku and others later since they were there for us the whole way.
Rui: Then, why don't we tell them when we go discuss our next show?
Emu: Yeah!
Emu: Oh, speaking of which! What do you guys wanna do for our next show?
Nene: Wait, didn't we just agree to discuss that when we visited SEKAI next?
Tsukasa: I was under the same impression... I suppose that's just Emu for you...
Rui: Hehe. It's just who she is.
Nene: Alright... Anyway, Rui, I take it you have some ideas already? You even said that you wanted to discuss something with us while on our way over here.
Emu: Is that true, Rui?!
Rui: Yes, I was wondering if we could do a show about an orchestra run by little elves.
Rui: I was thinking about having the stage look like a piano or trumpet with keys or valves. Depending on where you walk, you'd be able to produce different sounds.
Tsukasa: Hey, that sounds pretty fun!
Tsukasa: Hm? But you need to do more than just push down on the valves to play the trumpet...
Rui: True. That's why I'm also thinking about including a scene where the elves work together to make it produce sound...
Nene: Yeah, it might be fun to make it look like we're frantically scrambling around.
Emu: Rui! Rui! I wanna try doing that show!
Rui: Alright, we can discuss it with Miku and the others once it's a little more complete.
Tsukasa: Sounds good. But for now, let's call it a day. I'm sure we're all exhausted since we just finished doing our last ambassadorial performance.
Nene: Okay, see you all tomorrow.
Emu: See you!
(Black cut)
