571_Emu Otori_R4 The Sparkle In Your Eyes (event_82)

Gacha phrase: I like your performances, Tsukasa.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Emu: Hehe. I can't wait to practice again today!
Mascot: ...
Mascot: It's good to hear that your practices are going so well...
Emu: Yeah, they really are! And Tsukasa's been doing an amazing job!
Emu: Everything from his facial expressions to his body language have been spot-on perfect!
Emu: Also...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Also, that reminds me. Apparently, on the last day, we're supposed to put on a performance at a small auditorium that's being rented out for this workshop.
Tsukasa: And we're allowed to invite guests, so I hope you'll come by to watch!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mascot: Ms. Emu...?
Emu: Oh...
Emu: Um... Tsukasa said that they'll be doing a show at the end of the workshop, but we haven't been told what they'll be performing yet.
Emu: I was just...wondering what it's gonna be!
Mascot: I see... Let's hope for a nice surprise.
Emu: Yeah...
Emu: Wah! A message? From who?
Emu: Oh... Yeah...
Mascot: Is something the matter?
Emu: Yeah... Tsukasa just said that he's running a little late because he wants to ask the person leading the workshop some questions.
Mascot: It sounds like he's very hard at work...
Emu: That's because he's gonna be a star in the future. Hehe. Which means I also need to keep doing my best!
Emu: Especially since so many people are visiting Phoenix Wonderland again.
Emu: (I mean, even just today...)
Girl: Look, it's Phenny! Mommy, can we go take a picture with him?
Mother: Yes, of course. Let's go ask him for one.
Boy: Daddy, let's go on that next! C'mon, hurry!
Father: Hahaha. Don't worry. It's not going anywhere, so there's no need to rush.
Emu: (Huh...?)
Emu: (I usually smile whenever I see the guests really enjoying themselves...)
Mascot: Ms. Emu...
Girl A: Hey, it's Poochie! Mommy, Sissy, look! It's Poochie!
Mascot: ...!
Girl A: Hi, Poochie! Wait, doesn't she do shows at the Wonder Stage...?!
Girl B: Yeah, it's her! You're from the Wonder Stage! Does that mean you're doing a show today?
Emu: Huh...?! U-Uhh...
Girls' Mother: Kids, it's rude to point and ask questions like that. I'm sorry. They saw one of your shows the other day and have been your fans ever since.
Emu: ...!
Girl A: What kind of show are you guys gonna do today?
Girl B: Tell us! Tell us!
Emu: Hmm... Well, as much as I want to tell you, I have to keep it a secret right now...
Emu: But I'll be more than happy to give you a hint☆ Try guessing what we're gonna do based on it♪
Girl A & Girl B: A hint...?!
Emu: Ready?! First, the main character goes all sizzly, bang, boom and hiyaa!
Emu: And partway through, he goes all zing-zang-zoom! It's a big mystery with a fun climax at the end☆
Girl A: Haha. Sizzly? Boom?
Girl B: I have no idea what you just said, but that sounds fun!
Girls' Mother: Hehe. Yes, it does. Why don't we all go see it together later?
Girl A & Girl B: Yeah!
Girl A: See you later, Wonder Stage Lady!
Girl B: Bye bye!
Emu: We'll be waiting for you at the Wonder Stage and promise to do our best to make sure you all have fun!
Emu: Hehe. They really put a smile on my face...!
Mascot: That's good to hear, Ms. Emu...
Emu: Thanks!
Mascot: Now, Ms. Emu, you need to hurry over to the Wonder Stage or you're going to be late for practice.
Emu: Oh no! You're right! Rui and Nene are probably waiting for me already!
Emu: (I have to do my best during practice... For those kids!)
Emu: Let's go wonderhoy!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Another sunny, sunny day♪ It's so won-won-wonderhooooooy♪
Nene: Someone's in a good mood...
Rui: Yes, she is.
Tsukasa: Hm? What's this? Did something good happen to you?
Emu: Hehe. I'm really excited about us doing a show with everyone from the Phoenix Stage!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Shosuke: We have some news to report... Or rather, a proposition.
(White cut)
Shosuke: We'd like everyone from both the Wonder Stage and the Phoenix Stage to do a show together.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsukasa: Although it came as a surprise, it certainly is an exciting proposition!
Rui: I agree. We've been performing alongside them for our night shows, but those also involve quite a few other people who we asked to participate...
Rui: A show put on by the Wonder Stage and the Phoenix Stage working in collaboration...
Rui: Hehehe. I'm looking forward to seeing how it turns out.
Nene: I'm looking forward to singing with Seiryuin and the others again. Plus, it should be a good learning experience.
Tsukasa: Yes, considering she claims that the Phoenix Stage is the number one show stage in Phoenix Wonderland.
Tsukasa: However, we may have the power right now to take that honor from them!
Nene: Alright, calm down. This isn't like the show contest we had to do. We get to work together this time.
Emu: Hehe. Let's do everything we can with Sakurako and her friends to put on the most ultra-wonderhoy show ever!
Tsukasa, Nene & Rui: Yeah! Yes.
Tsukasa: At the same time, Emu's brothers still haven't told us everything regarding this show.
Rui: True. For now, we should focus on making sure our next regular show succeeds.
Tsukasa: Right! We don't have much time left, so we need to make the most of today's practice!
Emu, Nene & Rui: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Mascot: How did practice go today?
Emu: It was sooo much fun!
Emu: Oh, you gotta hear this! Tsukasa taught us some sword-fighting techniques that he learned during his workshop!
Emu: After he did, we discussed how we could work that into our own shows because it's super cool, and Rui decided to add more action scenes!
Mascot: I see. Then, it seems things are going to get more fun moving forward...
Emu: Yeah! Also! Practicing those action scenes was amazingly fun!
Emu: You should've seen the way Tsukasa went all zing and zow while wielding his sword!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: How'd I do? Was I able to show that I am a proud and powerful hero?
Rui: Yes, you've improved quite a lot! However, you still have some room to grow...
Rui: Yes, he has what it takes to become the hero, but the sword he is about to pull also has the power to save the world.
Rui: As such, I'd like for you to give it that sort of energy as well.
Tsukasa: Grr! That is easier said than done!
Tsukasa: But fine! I shall use my acting prowess to turn this wooden sword into a legendary blade!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: What he was doing looked really difficult, but Tsukasa seemed super motivated!
Emu: Seeing that even made Nene want to work more on her singing!
Emu: So, I wanna do what I can too! Which is why I had Rui take a look at how I was making facial expressions and stuff♪
Mascot: I'm sure you and your friends will have no problem putting on a spectacular show, Ms. Emu.
Emu: I hope so too...!
Emu: Especially since I promised those kids we met earlier that we'd put on a really fun show for them!
Emu: Also, something crossed my mind during practice just now.
Emu: About how it's really fun to spend time with everyone the way we do.
Mascot: ...
Emu: Every day feels like a show and it's super duper fun...
Emu: And I found myself wishing that it could go on forever...
Mascot: Ms. Emu...
Emu: But I know that every show has to come to an end at some point.
Emu: Even so...
Emu: It doesn't matter as long as it has a happy ending where everyone's smiling! That's the best way for a show to succeed☆
Mascot: ...!
Emu: Hehe. So, I'm gonna cherish every minute I spend with them and do my absolute best for every show we do moving forward!
Mascot: Yes, that sounds like a good plan...
Mascot: (There is little that I can really do for you, Ms. Emu, but you have my support.)
(Black cut)
