655_Emu Otori_R4 Enter Count Otori! (event_96)

Gacha phrase: I will be helping myself to those young ladies!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Good morning, everyone☆
Tsukasa: Good morning, Emu. As peppy as ever, I see.
Nene: Peppy...? Actually, it looks to me like she just heard some good news.
Emu: Hehe. Well, the thing is...
Emu: Ta-daa♪ My brothers gave me tickets to the Phoenix Bridal Fair!
Rui: The Phoenix Bridal Fair?
Emu: Yup! It's a convention where you can look at and even try on all sorts of wedding dresses!
Emu: Oh, and they're also supposed to have lots of booths where you can make your own bouquets and stuff!
Nene: Oh, wedding dresses...? I'm kinda interested since that could come in handy later for a show.
Tsukasa: So, when is this fair taking place?
Emu: Let's see... Oh, it's on the ticket... It says this weekend.
Rui: Sorry, but I already have a prior engagement.
Tsukasa: Me too.
Nene: Oh, I'm also going somewhere with my family...
Emu: That's too bad. I was hoping we could go together...
Tsukasa: We're sorry...
Rui: Can you think of anyone else who you think would be interested?
Emu: Anyone else...?
Emu: Wait, yeah! I think Honami said that she likes to make her own clothes and stuff!
Emu: I'll ask her the next time we're at school♪
Nene: Actually, Emu, if you don't mind... Can you tell me more about the fair as a whole?
Tsukasa: Yes, I would also like to know! Since we won't be able to go, I'd like to hear all about what's going on!
Rui: You've mentioned so far that you can try on dresses and make your own bouquets...
Emu: Yup! Oh, gimme one sec! I jotted down everything my brothers told me earlier...
Emu: So... They're gonna have all these dresses made by famous designers, and even some by amateurs who won a contest.
Emu: They're also gonna have tiaras, necklaces, bracelets and a bunch of other accessories there!
Emu: Oh, there's even supposed to be this one booth where you can have custom ones made!
Nene: Wow, this is starting to sound like a pretty big fair...
Rui: Yes, it would've been nice to see all these dresses and accessories. We could've used them as reference for future costumes and outfits.
Emu: Then, I'll make sure to take a bunch of pictures! I'm supposed to go have a look around with my brothers for work.
Rui: Ah, please do. That would be much appreciated.
Emu: Sure thing♪
Emu: Oh, I almost forgot! I wanted to ask you guys for some advice about the event for the fitting area!
Tsukasa: You want our advice?
Emu: Yeah! I just remembered something my brothers said after looking at my notepad.
Emu: “The fitting area won't draw in many people if it's just a place where you can try on dresses. It needs to feel more special.”
Emu: “As such, we're looking to have some sort of activity available at the chapel. If you have any fun ideas, we'd like to hear them.”
Nene: But this is supposed to be a really big convention, right? Are you sure they want to use our ideas? We're just high schoolers.
Tsukasa: Surely they've thought this through, no?
Rui: I agree. They wish to hear from us, which I suspect can only mean...
Rui: They're hoping to put on some kind of show, yes?
Emu: Whoa! Yeah, that's right! How'd you know, Rui♪
Emu: When they first told me about this bridal fair, I immediately began telling them about what you did with the flash mob at that wedding.
Rui: Ah, I see... If it's a show they want, this is right up our alley.
Tsukasa: Indeed! We should be able to come up with something good!
Emu: Yay☆ Thanks, you guys!
Rui: By the way, is there anything we need to be mindful of?
Nene: Yeah, can you tell us more about the actual wedding area?
Tsukasa: Also, the amount of time to be allotted. How long will each group have in the limelight?
Emu: Okay! Just gimme a sec to look through my notes☆
(Black cut)
Rui: It's a wedding, so having to overcome an obstacle or solve a problem together may be nice.
Tsukasa: Then, how about disposing of someone who barges in to stop the wedding from proceeding?
Nene: D-Dispose...?! That sounds like a bit much. I'm sure they have their reasons...
Tsukasa: Oh? Then... What if we made this person an overly intrusive vampire?
Nene & Emu: A vampire?!
Rui: It's a bit fantastical... But it may work given that the show needs to be easily understood in a short amount of time.
Tsukasa: See what I mean? If anything, it's probably better to do something that seems a little wild or crazy.
(Black cut)
Nene: So, that...actually kind of came together?
Rui: In terms of moving the story along, we made it so the guests simply need to do as the staff says. That way, anyone will be able to participate.
Emu: Yup yup☆ This sounds like a lot of fun♪ I'll make sure to tell my brothers!
Tsukasa: Great. And feel free to ask us if you think you need any more help!
Emu: Thank you guys so much! I promise to make it a super duper fun show that everyone's gonna love!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki)

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Oh where, oh where could they be☆ Aha!
Emu: Morning, everyone! Time for a wonderhoy blitz♪
Tsukasa & Nene: Huh?! Eep!
Emu: Huh?! Hey, you guys managed to dodge me♪
Tsukasa: We managed?! Don't put us in this position in the first place!
Rui: Hehe. As energetic as ever, I see.
Nene: Too energetic if you ask me... I mean, it's still too early for this. I thought my heart was gonna stop...
Emu: Hehe☆ Sorry if I startled you guys, but there's something I wanna tell you!
Nene: Tell us?
Rui: Do you have news regarding the bridal fair you told us about the other day? I heard that it attracted quite a crowd.
Emu: Yup! It wasn't all just grown-ups either. Lots of people our age came to see dresses with their friends and stuff!
Emu: They saw all the pretty dresses on display and said that they hoped to get to wear them someday in the future, and some even tried them on at the fair!
Tsukasa: Yes, I see. After all, a wedding dress means something special to everyone.
Emu: Yeah, you should've seen how their eyes sparkled when they tried them on!
Emu: Their friends were totally dazzled when they saw someone they know wearing one. Some of them looked a little embarrassed, but everyone seemed to have a lot of fun!
Rui: That's good to hear.
Nene: Oh yeah, how'd the wedding show go? Did you guys end up using our idea?
Emu: We did! Everyone seemed to really enjoy performing!
Nene: Wait, really?
Tsukasa: Hm? You sound perplexed. Did you forget that we planned it together?
Nene: I know it was our idea, but I still wasn't sure if a vampire barging in on someone's wedding would actually work as a plot.
Rui: Yes, it must've been quite staggering at first.
Tsukasa: So, Emu, how did it go in practice?
Emu: People were surprised. They really didn't know what to do!
Emu: But once they realized that all they had to do was ring the bell, they began to really enjoy it♪
Rui: They must've felt more comfortable after figuring out the task at hand, even if they couldn't fully grasp the situation.
Emu: Also, some of the pairs were acting kind of uncomfortable after actually putting the wedding wear on.
Emu: But after the show started, they went right back to their happy selves for some reason.
Nene: Oh, that could be because they weren't used to seeing each other in something so glamorous...
Rui: Hehe. But it seems our show provided just the distraction they needed from those nerves.
Tsukasa: See?! Which means a vampire was the right choice!
Nene: Okay, calm down.
Emu: Oh, also! Honami and her friends decided to participate♪
Tsukasa: Hm? Honami...?
Emu: I gave her one of the tickets my brothers gave me.
Emu: And then, Honami, Kanade and Mizuki all came together!
Nene: Oh, Yoisaki was there? Wait, did you also say Akiyama?
Rui: Yoisaki offered an invitation because she knew Mizuki likes to make collages and alterations to clothing.
Tsukasa: What?! You knew?!
Rui: Mizuki shared some thoughts with me about our show idea.
Rui: Our little twist elicited surprise, but the show proved enjoyable in the end.
Rui: That being said, Mizuki was in the audience while Mochizuki and Yoisaki played the main characters.
Nene: Interesting... I can kind of see Mochizuki performing in a show, but not Yoisaki.
Emu: Hehe. Honami and Kanade were both startled in the beginning, but they worked really hard together to ring the bell♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: So, you just want Kanade to have fun today...?
Honami: Yes, that was the plan. But it sort of ended up having the opposite effect.
Honami: I didn't realize it would be this difficult...
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: (I'm really glad Honami and Kanade had so much fun in the end.)
Emu: Hehe...
Nene: Emu...?
Emu: I just remembered the way they smiled at the end, and I'm feeling happy all over again♪
Emu: It wasn't just Honami and the others! Our show made so many people smile from ear to ear!
Emu: Thank you guys so much for your advice!
Rui, Tsukasa & Nene: You're welcome! You're welcome.
Tsukasa: Well, enough chatter for now. I believe it's about time we began practicing.
Emu: Okay! Thanks for listening!
Nene: Thanks for telling us what happened. I've been meaning to ask you about it for a little while now.
Rui: Alright, shall we get started?
Tsukasa, Emu & Nene: Yeah! Yeah.
(Black cut)
