693_Emu Otori_R2 A Day Out With Sis☆ (event_102)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori)

[Emu's Room]

Emu: So, translate the following sentences...
Emu: Hmm... Okay, got it☆
Emu: “Tomorrow, I need to remember to go shopping.”
Emu: And for this one...
Emu: “I remember lending my little sister my house keys yesterday.”
Emu: We just did both of those in class♪ That was a piece of cake☆
Hinata's Voice: Emu, do you have a minute...?
Emu: Sis...? Yeah, come in!
Emu: Also, welcome home! Are you done with classes already?
Hinata: Yes, because one lecture got canceled.
Hinata: I decided to relax at home for a change and heard that you were doing your homework.
Hinata: I've prepared some snacks for you as a little reward. Would you like to take a break and have some with me?
Emu: Snacks! Yes! It's officially breaktime!
Hinata: Hehe. Then, I'll get the table ready.
Emu: Wow! All these bits of fruit are so colorful and pretty! What is this stuff?!
Hinata: It's called yogurt bark.
Hinata: You make it by mixing yogurt with honey and throwing in whatever fruits you like. It hardens into this after you freeze it.
Emu: Yeah, it's rock solid! That's so cool!
Hinata: I know. It's actually very easy to make, so why don't we do it together sometime?
Emu: Yeah♪
Hinata: Hehe. Then, shall we start?
Emu: Yeah, let's dig in♪
Emu: Mmm☆ It's so nice and cool!
Hinata: The honey has this gentle sweetness to it, and it goes so well with the fruits and yogurt because they're a little tart! The Chef really outdid himself this time!
Emu: Yeah, he did♪ Getting to have a treat that's so yummy and delicious in my own house makes me so happy♪
Hinata: Me too.
Hinata: But still, there are just some sweets you can only enjoy at a cafe.
Emu: Is there somewhere you want to go, Sis?
Hinata: Oh, was it that obvious?
Hinata: The truth is, I've been wondering about this parfait some of my friends told me about. Here's a picture.
Emu: Wh-Wh-What?! This parfait... It's so big!
Hinata: Isn't it? Apparently it's called the “Mount Everest strawberry parfait”!
Emu: Whoa! That's such a cool name!
Hinata: It looks like it lives up to its name, right? I'm thinking about going out to try it sometime soon, but...
Hinata: If you're not busy with a show or practice, Emu, would you like to join me?
Emu: Yes, I wanna go!
Emu: At the same time, Sis, you don't have to wait for me. You'd have no problem finishing this on your own.
Hinata: I know, but I'd rather have someone to enjoy this with. Also, I want to go with you since it's been a little while since we last went out together...
Emu: Really?! Hehe. That makes me so happy. I've been wanting to go out somewhere with you too☆
Hinata: Hehe. Then, that's perfect!
Hinata: We'll be going to a cafe called... Let's see... I believe it's called “carino/carina”. I'll be sure to find exactly where it is!
Emu: Wait, that name sounds familiar...
Emu: Sis, can I see that picture again?
Hinata: Sure, but that one was only of the parfait. This one might be better. Here, it shows more of the cafe...
Emu: Oh, I knew it...! This is where Saki and Minori work!
Hinata: Your friends from school?
Emu: Yeah! I've been there before, so I know exactly where it is!
Hinata: You do? Then, if you don't mind showing me the way.
Emu: Of course♪
Emu: I hope they have a shift scheduled when we go.
Hinata: I hope so too! If it isn't too much of a bother, I'd love to meet them.
Emu: Okay☆
Emu: Hehe. I can't wait to go.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Emu Otori, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[carino/carina]

Emu: I wanna try something new next time!
Emu: See you later, Mizuki! Thanks for the yummy parfaits!
Mizuki: See you! I'm glad you enjoyed everything!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Hinata: Hehe. That parfait ended up being very good.
Hinata: And I'm glad your friends were also there, Emu.
Emu: Me too. And not just Saki. I was really surprised to see Mizuki there♪
Hinata: You and Mizuki became friends recently, yes?
Emu: Yup! Rui and Mizuki go way back. Mizuki's even seen a few of our shows.
Emu: We got to know each other at the Phoenix Bridal Fair, and we've been friends ever since.
Hinata: I see. It's wonderful to hear that you made a new friend.
Emu: Hehe...
Hinata: Oh, we didn't actually decide what we were going to do after visiting the cafe. Is there anywhere you'd like to go, Emu?
Emu: Hmm... We went shopping before going to the cafe, so...
Emu: Let's go where you wanna go, Sis!
Hinata: Oh, are you sure? Hmm...
Hinata: I know where we can go! It's been so long since we last went together!
Emu: Where?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Emu: Whee! It's going so fast☆
Hinata: Emu, look! Here comes the loop-the-loop!
(Black cut)
Hinata: Hehe. It's been far too long. That was a lot of fun!
Emu: Yeah♪ Okay, what should we go on next?
Child: Grandma, Grandpa, that one! I wanna go on the fish coaster next!
Grandfather: Ah, the fish coaster. That takes me back.
Grandmother: Me too. Remember how that was the only thing you ever wanted to go on, son?
Father: That's because I thought the fish were so cute.
Mother: Hehe. Even now, you always seem more excited about going on it than your own child.
Hinata: Wow, three generations all at once...
Emu: Yeah...!
Child: Mommy! Mommy! I also really love the fish coaster!
Child: That's why I'm gonna bring my kids here when I'm all grown up!
Mother: Oh, I'll be looking forward to that day.
Grandparents: Hahaha. Hehe.
Emu: I hope that little boy doesn't forget what he just said and brings his own children here in the future.
Hinata: I can't say for sure that he will... But how incredible would that be if he did?
Emu: Yeah...
Emu: That means I need to keep doing what we can to make sure Phoenix Wonderland never ever loses its magic.
Hinata: ...
Hinata: You really love this park, don't you, Emu?
Emu: Hehe. Of course I do!
Emu: I'm gonna do everything I can to make sure Phoenix Wonderland keeps putting smiles on everybody's faces forever and ever!
Hinata: I see...
Emu: Sis...? Is something wrong...?
Hinata: No, nothing's wrong...
Hinata: It's just... I really want to hug you right now.
Emu: Really...?
Hinata: Yes, really! Or we can rub our cheeks together!
Emu: Haha! Sis, that tickles!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hinata: The sun's already setting.
Hinata: *Sigh* Time sure does fly when you're having fun. I sort of don't want this day to end.
Emu: Don't worry. This day is ending, but it's also the beginning.
Hinata: Huh...?
Emu: Hehe. It's something I heard from someone♪
Emu: Dusk is when you should start preparing for tomorrow's fun!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Hinata: Oh, that's so beautiful... I really like how this person thinks.
Hinata: Then, let's go home, have dinner and take a nice, hot bath! For tomorrow's fun!
Emu: Yeah♪
(Black cut)
