700_Emu Otori_R4 A World Of Smiles (event_104)

Gacha phrase: This is so much fun, Grandpa!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, MEIKO)

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Emu's Voice (Emu): I'm back☆
Emu: Oh, Sis! I'm back!
Hinata: Welcome home, Emu! You're back a little later than usual.
Emu: Yeah! There was somewhere I wanted to go with Tsukasa and the others!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Hinata: Oh, Emu, that reminds me. Keisuke and Shosuke told you about what Grandpa said to them, right?
Emu: Yup...! So, Sis...
Emu: I'm gonna visit lots and lots of places, and learn as much as I can!
Emu: With Tsukasa and the others!
Hinata: I'm sorry for everything that you had to go through.
Emu: No, that's okay... So you were worried about me too.
Hinata: Of course I was worried. We're family.
Hinata: So, is there anything else that's on your mind? Anything you'd like to say? Please feel free to tell me everything.
Hinata: Because I want you to be the happiest person in the world.
Emu: I'm okay...! I've gotten everything off my chest.
Emu: Hehe. So much weight's been lifted off of me that I can't help but tear up again...
Hinata: Just let it all out.
(Black cut)
Hinata: Oh, Emu, your eyes are all red.
Emu: Hehe. So are yours, Sis. You look like a bunny now.
Hinata: Hehe. We should cool off our faces before they start swelling too much.
Emu: Um, Sis...?
Hinata: Yes?
Emu: Did you already know what was going through my mind?
Hinata: I did...
Hinata: Keisuke and Shosuke mentioned it to me before. How Tsukasa and the others had started to hope for more opportunities to hone their craft outside Phoenix Wonderland...
Hinata: And how you might decide to stay behind to protect the park...
Emu: They did...?
Emu: Then, does that mean Mom and Dad also...?
Hinata: Yes, they know as well. We had a meeting as a family to discuss that.
Emu: What?! But I thought they were both traveling overseas on business right now!
Hinata: Hehe. That's where the tool of our age comes in! The internet!
Hinata: Mom became so worried after we told her what was going on that she began shuffling her schedule around just to come back to Japan to see you, Emu.
Emu: R-Really?! Oh no... Do you think she's still worried?
Hinata: She should be fine. Keisuke and Shosuke said they'd let her know once you made your decision.
Hinata: I'm sure she's feeling much better right now.
Emu: Okay...
Emu: Still, I didn't realize just how much trouble I was causing you guys...
Hinata: Oh, don't say that.
Hinata: You're the baby in the family, so you should be making big wishes whenever you can.
Emu: Hehe. Thanks, Sis!
Maid: Ms. Emu, I have your mother on the phone.
Emu: What?! Mom?!
Hinata: Hehe. You should go. I'm sure there's lots of things you'd like to tell her about.
Emu: Yeah...! I'm gonna tell her all about what's happened☆
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Nene: *Sigh* If I could collapse on my bed right now, I'd probably fall asleep right away...
Emu: Hehe. Me too. I bet our dreams would be really amazing since we'd be sleeping like babies.
Tsukasa: We did spend the last two months preparing for our final show at a furious pace.
Tsukasa: I might fall asleep as I eat if I'm not careful.
Nene: As you eat? You shouldn't literally act like a baby.
Rui: To be fair, it's safer than falling asleep while taking a bath. Others may not immediately realize if something were to go wrong.
Tsukasa: Hey, what's with that grin?! Stop trying to scare us!
Nene: Ugh, Rui... Now I'm fully awake...
Rui: That's good, right?
Tsukasa & Nene: No, it's not!
Emu: Haha!
Emu: (I get to keep being with them...)
Emu: (I get to keep doing shows as a member of Wonderlands×Showtime...!)
Emu: (Hehe. That makes me so happy...!)
(Black cut)
Emu: Huh...? There's a ton of people gathered around the main gate!
Tsukasa: You're right... But it's past closing. All the visitors should've left by now...
Emu: Then, let's see what's going on☆
Emu: Oh wow...! So many of the cast members are here!
Tsukasa: Wh-What's going on...?!
Cast Member A: Hey, you guys! It's Wonderlands×Showtime! They're here!
Cast Member B: Perfect! We've been waiting for you!
Emu: Huh? For us...?
???: That's right.
Tsukasa: S-Sakurako Seiryuin?!
Sakurako: I suppose it's going to be quite some time before I hear you shout my name like this again...
Sakurako: I went around to suggest we see you off on your journey, and basically everyone decided to show up.
Sakurako: Take it as proof that my word carries some weight around here.
Sakurako: But we all owe you so much.
Emu: What...?
Cast Members: Thank you for saving Phoenix Wonderland!
Emu: Oh...
Cast Members: If you hadn't acted, who knows what would've become of our stage...
Cast Members: You guys are the reason why the Phoenix Wonderland we all know and love is still the way it is!
Cast Members: All of you reminded us what really matters most. That gave us the courage to stand back up and fight!
Cast Members: So, from the bottom of our hearts...
Cast Members: Thank you!!!!!
Sakurako: And!
Sakurako & Cast: Break a leg out there!
Emu, Tsukasa, Rui & Nene: We will!
Sakurako: And this park is in good hands. We're going to keep protecting it and make it an even happier place than before.
Cast Member A: We won't let you down this time, Emu!
Cast Member B: Yeah! So don't worry about us!
Emu: You guys...!
Emu: Okay...! I promise to do my best!
Emu: I'm gonna see a lot of new things, learn as much as I can, grow like crazy and come back here!
(Background change)
(Background change)
Emu: Huh?! Fireworks?!
Sakurako: Yes. They're a special farewell gift from a very special guest.
Sakurako: Honestly, how long do you plan on hiding back there?
Tsukasa: Oh...!
Emu: Mr. Mascot!
Mascot: Ms. Emu...
Mascot: I still remember the day I stood on stage with you for the first time.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mascot: Not one visitor was in the audience.
Mascot: The voices of those on the rides and attractions echoed through whenever you paused between lines.
Mascot: Our second and third days were also... No, not just then. That situation continued for a very long time...
Mascot: But things are different now.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Mascot: You and your troupe have helped return the Wonder Stage to its former glory. It is once again a place where people come to see shows, feel genuine excitement and go home smiling.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mascot: Your ability to dream has helped you meet countless new people and made your own dream a reality.
Mascot: I doubt I'm ever going to forget seeing all of those smiles.
Emu: Mr. Mascot...
Mascot: I believe your ability to dream will bring smiles to people all around the world.
Mascot: Just as your grandfather once did.
Mascot: So, please... Go. Do not worry about us.
Emu: Mr. Mascot...!
Emu: Thank you for helping me all those times! And thank you for performing on stage with me!
Emu: I'm standing here today because of you! I never would've been able to make it this far without you!
Emu: Thank you! Thank you so so much...!
Emu: You're the bestest friend ever...!!!
Mascot: You give me far too much credit...
Mascot: We likely won't be performing on stage together in the future, but I will still be at your service.
Mascot: So, please ask me if you're ever in need of assistance. I shall come to your aid whether you're on the other side of the world or in outer space.
Emu: Okay...! I'll be sure to let you know then, Mr. Mascot!
(Black cut)
