713_Emu Otori_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: I love all my presents so much!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[The day before Emu's birthday]

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Heh heh. I couldn't help but drop by.
Emu: We won't be doing any shows here at the Wonder Stage for a while...
Emu: But we're going to learn and experience everything we can and come back with a bang!
Emu: Alright☆ Motivation, check! Energy, check! I'm gonna do my best!
Emu: Huh? Was someone here just now?
Emu: Oh...!
Emu: An envelope! I'm pretty sure it wasn't there before...
Emu: Ah, there's something written on the back...!
Mysterious Message: “Open this on your birthday, when you're in a pinch. K.S.H.”
Emu: On my birthday? When I'm in a pinch?
Emu: K.S.H. is probably the sender's name. I wonder who it is.
Emu: Oh well, that's for tomorrow☆ The letter said to open it on my birthday anyways!
Emu: Okie dokie, time to go to school! Doop dee doop doo♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-B]

Emu: Good morning, everyone☆
Honami: Good morning, Emu!
Saki: Good morning!
Emu: Huh? All of you are here! Even Airi and Shizuku!
Emu: Does this mean you're planning to do something fun?
Airi: That's exactly right! And we were waiting for you to make it all the more fun.
Emu: For me?
Airi: Hehe. Alright, everyone, here we go!
Airi: We're a day early, but happy birthday, Emu!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Emu: Wow!
Emu: Thank you, everyone!
Saki: Heh heh heh, it's way too soon to thank us, Emu.
Saki: Our gift is going to render you speechless!
Shiho: Saki, your face...
Ichika: Hehe. But I do have a good feeling that Emu is going to enjoy it.
Honami: Me too.
Honami: Here Emu. This is your birthday gift from all of us!
Emu: Thank you! Oh, it smells like cookies!
Honami: That's right. They are frosted cookies.
Honami: But they aren't just any regular frosted cookies. Right, Kohane?
Kohane: Here's the guide. Why don't you take a look?
Emu: A guide?
Emu: “How to Assemble Your Own Cookie Wonder Stage”?!
Honami: All you need to do is connect the cookies with chocolate and then you'll have your very own cookie Wonder Stage. I don't think it'll be too difficult, so I hope you'll give it a try.
Emu: T-This is amazing! How did you make something like this?!
Saki: Hehe, allow me to explain!
Saki: We first asked Kohane if she could give us lots of photos of the Wonder Stage!
Ichika: And she really did give us a lot. Probably about a hundred photos, I think...
Kohane: I thought it would be good to have photos from many different angles...
Shiho: I've only ever seen the stage from the front, so it really helped us out.
Honami: On top of that, Kohane also helped make the guide too.
Kohane: I wanted to do something for you for your birthday. Also, the Wonder Stage is a very special place for me too since I've watched so many wonderful shows there.
Kohane: So I wanted to do something to express my gratitude!
Emu: Kohane...
Emu: That makes me so so soooooo happy! Thank you, everyone!
Saki: It was our pleasure♪
Minori: But Emu, you won't be able to do any shows with just the Wonder Stage, right?
Haruka: Yes, you'll need a cast and backdrops too.
Emu: What...?!
Emu: W-Wait, does this mean...!
Minori: Hehehe, our gift to you is...
Minori: This! A “Wonder Stage Transformation Kit!”
Airi: We've made marzipan figures of you and the others, as well as frosted cookie backgrounds.
Airi: Using the photos Kohane gave us as reference, we really zeroed in on the details for the costumes!
Shizuku: When we were making the backgrounds, Wonderlands×Showtime's shows naturally sprang to mind.
Airi: Yeah! I'd say that goes to show just how memorable they always are.
Airi: In any case, we're quite proud of how it turned out, so we hope you like them!
Emu: Wow! Amazing! This is so cool!
Emu: Thank you so much you guys! I'm going to make the best Wonder Stage ever!
Honami: After you make it, please don't forget to eat it as well.
Emu: Okay! Don't worry, I'll be sure to enjoy both making and eating it☆
Airi: Oh, before I forget...
Airi: Do you have some time after school today, Emu?
Emu: Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After school]

[School Gate]

Mizuki: Hey! Emu!
Emu: Oh! Mizuki, Ena!
Emu: I was so surprised when I heard you two were coming to visit!
Mizuki: Of course! It's your birthday, after all♪ We're pretty proud of how our gift turned out, so we couldn't wait to give it to you!
Mizuki: Here you are! We made some coloring sheets for you!
Emu: Coloring sheets?!
Ena: Yeah. There's a variety of them in there, with some simpler ones and others that are a little more detailed. Feel free to color them however you like.
Mizuki: By the way... I put that climactic scene from “The Popcorn Knight in the Pressure Cooker World!” in there!
Emu: R-Really?!
Ena: Um... That's an anime movie, right?
Emu: Yes! It's a movie that me and Mizuki really like, and we couldn't stop talking about it when we went shopping at the mall last time!
Emu: I can't wait to color these in. Thank you so much, Ena, Mizuki☆
Mizuki & Ena: You're welcome♪ You're welcome.
Emu: Hehehe. So many people have been wishing me a happy birthday and giving me gifts even though it's not even my birthday yet.
Ena: Well, that's because everyone cares about you.
Mizuki: Yeah! Have lots of fun tomorrow, okay♪
Emu: I will!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Emu's birthday]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Okay everyone, here we go☆
Miku, Rin & Len: Emu, happy birthday♪
Luka, MEIKO & KAITO: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Tsukasa, Nene & Rui: Happy birthday!
Emu: Yaaay! Thanks everyone☆
Rin: Let's have lots and lots of fun today, Emu♪
Emu: Yeah!
Rui: Now, without further ado, I have a challenge I'd like all of you to take on.
Rui: And that is... A treasure hunt!
Emu: A t-treasure hunt?!
Tsukasa: That's right! There are jigsaw puzzle pieces hidden all over SEKAI right now.
Nene: The plushies were the ones who hid them, so we have no idea where they are.
KAITO: Now that I think about it, we left everything in Rui's hands, so we don't actually know how many puzzle pieces there are, or even what the final picture will be...
Rui: Hehe. With regards to the final picture, I'd like you all to enjoy the anticipation as we put the puzzle together.
Rui: However, I will tell you how many pieces are there. It is a total of...three hundred pieces!
Tsukasa: Three...
Tsukasa, Emu & Nene: Three hundred?!
Miku (WxS): Wow! There's that much treasure to hunt for?!
Rui: Yes. I thought it would be much more enjoyable to have lots to search for.
Tsukasa: I can understand that, but still, three hundred jigsaw pieces?!
Nene: I think searching for the pieces alone is going to take up a lot of time. Will we even be able to finish the puzzle today?
Rui: Hehehe. Well that will solely depend on how hard we all work♪
Tsukasa: Hey, don't brush it off as if this is going to be a walk in the park.
Rui: Even with that being said, I think we'll do just fine. I limited it to a small portion of SEKAI and had the pieces placed in flashy-looking pouches so that they'd be easier to find.
Rui: You're also welcome to ask the plushies for some hints.
KAITO: Thank goodness. In that case, we might be able to do this by the end of today.
Luka: Hehe. Then let's go find those puzz... Zzz... In my...dreams... Zzz...
MEIKO: Ah! Luka?! The pieces aren't hidden in your dreams!
Emu: Hehehe! Let's go find those pieces☆
Miku, Rin & Len: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): Oh... There's another one! Yay! I found ten puzzle pieces so far♪
Rin: Wow, that's amazing, Miku! We need to step up our game♪
Emu: Rui, Tsukasa! You can do it!
Rui: Can you...reach it, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: J-Just a little more to the right... Too far! A little more to the left!
Nene: How were they even able to get that piece up there? To think that we'd need to ride on each other's shoulders to get it...
Emu: One of the plushies has a balloon attached to them, so maybe they did it?
Tsukasa: Hey, Emu, Nene. I'm going to drop this piece down!
Nene: Okay, we'll pick it up. Once you're done with that one, could you get the piece above that speaker over there?
Tsukasa: What?! There's another one?!
Rui: Huff huff... I don't think I can do this any longer. Tsukasa, can we swap for the next one?
Tsukasa: Hm? Alright... Let's give it a try.
(Black cut)
Emu: Luka, MEIKO, Len! We got some more puzzle pieces!
Luka: Oh my, you found so many. How much does this make in total, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Let's see... That's a total of 105 pieces!
Rui: Looks like our hunt will continue for a little longer.
(Black cut)
Luka: Emu, would you like to join us in putting the puzzle together? I think these pieces will make up this section that looks like a fountain.
Emu: Fountain?
Emu: Oh! I know this! This piece goes here, and this one over here... And this one goes here!
Len: Whoa, amazing! You connected them in a blink of an eye!
MEIKO: Hold on... Do you know what picture this makes up, Emu?
Emu: Hehehe, I have an idea! Alright, so this piece goes over here...!
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Tsukasa: Oh! This is...!
Nene: I had a feeling when we were about halfway done. But it really is Phoenix Wonderland.
KAITO: Phoenix Wonderland at night, huh... It reminds me of the night show.
Miku (WxS): We worked so hard for it too, didn't we?☆
MEIKO: But we're missing the pieces that make up the Phenny on top of the fountain.
Tsukasa: Yes... I suppose we're missing three pieces.
Rui: We found all of the pieces that were hidden in SEKAI, so...
Rui: Emu. Have you received anything from anybody?
Emu: Huh? I received a lot of gifts yesterday, but...
Emu: Oh, I know! I found an envelope that said I should open it if I'm in a pinch!
Emu: Ah, there's a birthday card and...three puzzle pieces!
Tsukasa: Excellent. Put those in and the puzzle is complete!
Nene: By the way, what's written on the card?
Emu: “We will be having a party for you tonight, so don't come home too late. From K.S.H., Mom and Dad”♪
Emu: (My family organized all of this just for me... Hehehe, that makes me so happy!)
Miku (WxS): Let's complete the puzzle, Emu♪
MEIKO: Yes! And let's also dig into the cake and snacks to our hearts' content!
Emu: Yeah☆
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000226/bg_s000226.png)
Saki: Happy birthday, Emu! Thank you for sending us photos of the cookie Wonder Stage♪
Shiho: I know we were the ones who planned it, but it was still surprising to actually see the Wonder Stage made out of cookies.
Ichika: Yeah. We couldn't have been able to do it without our PXL expert Kohane's help.
Kohane: But all of you guys were really amazing too for following the templates perfectly to make the cookies!
Saki: Hehehe. Well, that was because we had the ever-benevolent Hona there with us♪
Honami: Hehe. It was pretty difficult, but it was really fun baking cookies with everyone.
Honami: Emu, thank you for always being cheerful and making us smile. I hope our gift gave you even just a little bit of joy.
Honami: I hope you have an amazing birthday!
Minori: Happy birthday, Emu! I'm glad that you liked our gift!
Airi: Hehe. I heard that she took lots of photos of the cookie Wonder Stage and showed it around to the PXL cast members too.
Shizuku: Yes. I received a message from Tsukasa saying, “Thank you for doing that for Emu.”
Haruka: Hehe. I'm so glad that she liked it more than we expected.
Airi: Same here!
Airi: Emu. I hope you continue to make lots more wonderful shows with your troupe! As an idol and your school senior, I'll be cheering you on♪
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Otori. It'll be a little belated, but I'd like to tell you this again in person the next time I see you at school.
Kanade: I heard it was your birthday, Otori. Happy birthday. You'll be celebrating with Kusanagi and the others today, right? I hope you have lots of fun.
Mizuki: Alright then, once again... Happy birthday, Emu♪ Have you been having lots of fun? Thanks for already coloring in those coloring sheets!
Ena: You colored all of them so well too. The details you added to the flowers and animals made them so lively. I could really see you in the way you colored them.
Mizuki: You said it! I hope you continue to keep doing your best with a smile on your face! We're rooting for you!
Nene: Happy birthday, Emu. The treasure hunt was kinda tough, but it was fun.
Rui: Hehe. From searching for the pieces to completing the puzzle... I think all of it was worth the effort in the end, no?
Tsukasa: Yes. I was a little apprehensive when I heard there were three hundred pieces, but once we figured out the final picture, it was worth it.
Tsukasa: But above all, I'm glad that Emu spent the day with a smile on her face!
Rui: Emu. As your fellow troupe member, I look forward to the next step on our journey.
Nene: No matter what happens, if we're together, it'll work out. Let's do our best, Emu.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Emu: So many people wished me a happy birthday and celebrated with me♪
Emu: From the cookie Wonder Stage to the coloring sheets and the Phoenix Wonderland jigsaw puzzle, all of the gifts made me so happy!
Emu: That reminds me! I've gotta show Shosuke, Keisuke and Sis that I finished the puzzle.
Emu: Oh yeah, and maybe I'll change the decorations on the cookie Wonder Stage with them♪
Emu: Hehehe. There's so many things I wanna do that I can't stand still!
Emu: Alright, time to dash home♪
Emu: Here I go! Won-won-wonderhoy dash!
(White cut)
