717_Emu Otori_R3 A Sweet, Sweet Memory (event_106)

Gacha phrase: The chocolate's all smooth and shiny!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Kohane Azusawa, Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Behind the School]

Haruka: Hah!!!
Emu: Whaaa?!
Emu: Oh, I got hit...
Mafuyu: That's unfortunate...
Emu: I'm sorry, Asahina! Haruka popped out from behind Saki so fast, and I couldn't catch the ball 'cause I was just so surprised...
Mafuyu: It's not your fault. Their coordination was really impressive.
Mafuyu: I'll still be counting on you on the outfield.
Emu: Okay...! I'll do my best to get the ball passed around all quick-ity quick and take aim super fast!
Mafuyu: Right. And I'll be the only one left on the infield, so I'll do my best not to get hit.
Emu: (We're down to just Asahina on the infield... But the other team only has Saki and Haruka, so we're definitely gonna turn this around!)
Emu: (Hopefully, that'll...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: Honami, Kohane! I'm joining you on the outfield!
Honami: Right, let's do our best together! We were just coming up with a plan of action, so would you mind hearing us out?
Emu: A plan of action? Oooh, what is it, what is it?!
Kohane: Just now, the other team kept passing between the infield and the outfield to create an opening for them to hit you, right?
Emu: Oh... Uh-huh! I didn't know where it'd come from, so I couldn't get myself psyched up and ready to catch...
Kohane: We were talking about doing the same thing ourselves.
Honami: We want Asahina to concentrate on not getting hit... So let's pass the ball around between us and make an opening for ourselves.
Emu: Gotcha! I'll remember to pass to you guys whenever I get the ball!
Emu: Alright! Let's go wonderhoy!
(Black cut)
Kohane: Emu, catch...!
Emu: Okaaay!
Emu: (Alright, next...)
Emu: Honami!
Honami: Got it!
Saki: Huh? Wha?
Honami: Oh...
Honami: I'm sorry, Saki!
Saki: Eep...!
Saki: *Sob* I got hit...
Emu: Hooraaay! Wait...
Haruka: Hah!
Kohane: The other team's already making their attack! Asahina, look out...!
Mafuyu: ...!
Honami: Oh...! She managed to dodge the ball, but she's lost her balance...
Emu: Ahh, you can do it, Asahina!
Shiho: Now's my chance...!
Mafuyu: ...!
Shiho: What...?
Minori: Seriously?! She was able to catch that even after she'd lost her balance?!
Emu: ...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Mafuyu: I'll still be counting on you on the outfield.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Emu: (Asahina! Over here!)
Emu: (Please, give me the ball...!)
Mafuyu: Oh...
Mafuyu: Otori!
Haruka: What?! Oh no—
Emu: Won-Won-Wonderhoy Super Very Fast Attaaack!!!
Haruka: Ah...!
Honami: I-It hit...
Kohane: That means...
Emu: We won!!!
Emu: Yaaaaaay! Asahina, we won!
Mafuyu: Oh...!
Mafuyu: Hehe... We did it.
Emu: Yeah!
Emu: (Oh...)
Emu: Hehehe♪
Honami: That final attack was amazing, Emu!
Kohane: And Asahina, it was so cool how you just caught the ball no matter what!
Mafuyu: Hehe, thank you. And you two were really reliable with your impressive passes.
Emu: Eep!
Emu: Th-Then, let's all do a wonderhoy high five to celebrate our win!
Kohane: A wonderhoy high five...?
Emu: Yeah! We say, “Wonderhoy!” and slap our hands together on “hoy”!
Honami: Hehe, sounds good.
Emu: You too, Asahina!
Mafuyu: Okay.
Emu: Here we gooo... One, two, three!
Everyone: Wonderhoy!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Airi Momoi, Emu Otori)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Airi: Alright... Let the chocolate fondue party begin!
Emu & Saki: Woohoo!
Saki: Thank you both for coming even though you're so busy!
Airi: Oh, don't worry about that! Everyone needs a break once in a while, and I was really happy to get your invitation!
Emu: But Saki, why did you wanna have chocolate fondue?
Saki: I had this treat a long time ago where they coated strawberries in chocolate, and it was super yummy!
Saki: So I thought, if it's that good with hardened chocolate, it'd probably be even better coated in melty chocolate fondue!
Emu: Gotcha! And then you totally wanted to give it a try!
Airi: We bought plenty of strawberries, so let's eat a whole lot today!
Saki: Yeah!
Airi: Okay, let's get right down to the prep. We can split up the tasks like making the chocolate sauce and cutting our dippers, so let's all do our best!
Emu: Excuse me, Ms. Airi! What should we do?
Airi: Let's see... Emu, you can chop these chocolate bars into small pieces, and Saki, can you slice the fruit? I'll get the hot water bath and the milk ready!
Emu: Okay☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Emu: The chocolate sauce is all done♪
Saki: And I finished slicing everything and getting it all lined up♪
Airi: Good work, you two! Now we just pour our chocolate sauce into this fondue machine, and...
Airi: It's ready!
Saki: Whoa, it's a melty, glistening, chocolatey fountain...!
Emu: Ooh! How about we start by eating together on three?!
Saki: Oh, great idea! Okay, I'm gonna capture the moment in a photo♪
Airi: Hehe, dip it in the chocolate slowly so it doesn't splash, okay?
Saki: Okay! Wh-Whoa, it's dripping, it's dripping!
Emu: Hehehe, look, look! The chocolate's all smooth and shiny☆
Saki: Yeah! It looks super cute, and I bet it's just as yummy!
Airi: Okay, looks like we're all ready.
Saki: Then let's eat! One, two, three...
Saki: Mm-mmm!
Emu: The inside of my mouth feels so wonderhoy with the sweeeet strawberries and the warm melty chocolate!
Airi: I feel like I could just keep eating this forever!
(Black cut)
Saki: *Sigh* This is bliss...
Airi: We ate most of the standard dippers... How about we get you-know-what started?
Emu: *Gasp*
Airi: It's time for “Curveball Competition: Which is the tastiest?”
Emu & Saki: Yay!
Saki: Hehehe, it's fun how this kinda feels like one of MMJ's streams♪
Airi: Hehe, that's true. Then first, can I ask that we all share what curveballs we brought?
Airi: As for me, I brought sweet potatoes and tomatoes! They're vegetables, but I think they'll go well with chocolate since they're sweet.
Saki: I brought rice crackers and almonds! I figure the sweet and salty will be the ultimate combination!
Emu: I brought fish sausages and little snack cheeses! I had a bunch at my place!
Airi: Fish?! These foods... This will probably make for some juicy shots.
Airi: Alright, let's get to trying them!
Saki: Okay!
(Black cut)
Emu: Ooh... Rice crackers, you never fail to impress! They go great with the chocolate, and it's fun how they go crunchy crunch!
Saki: Mhm! I could keep eating these forever...!
Airi: I know... But these are probably insanely high in calories. This is some terrifying food...
(Black cut)
Saki: Our next contestant is...the mini tomatoes! Emu, Airi, what do you think?
Emu: Mmm... Mmm?! Hmmm...
Airi: I know the feeling... For a second you think it might be good, but in the end it's pretty iffy...
(Black cut)
Emu: Let's see, last up is...
Saki: The fish sausages! This whole time I've been wondering how it'll taste!
Airi: I was kinda avoiding it, but now it's time to face it...
Airi: One, two, three!
Saki: Huh...?
Airi: Th-This is actually good!
Airi: The sausage is a bit salty, so it makes the chocolate taste sweeter... This really stimulates the appetite!
Saki: Amazing, Emu! This is a huge discovery that needs to get passed down to future generations!
Emu: Hehehe, I'm really glad I had you at home, fish sausages!
Airi: I think I'll have one more...
Saki: I want another too!
Emu: Oh... Then, what if we put a fish sausage and some cheese on a skewer and ate them together?
Airi: *Gasp* That's a great idea...!
Saki: Emu, are you a genius...?!
Airi: We've come this far, so let's keep going and find out what goes best with the fish sausage too!
Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)
