737_Emu Otori_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - School Gate]

Emu: Backpack, backpack, backy-backpack! It's a fun, fun, fun, fun, new term♪
Emu: Another happy day of school! I'm up to 1,000 friends now♪
Saki: Morning, Emu! You sound super wonderhoy again today!
Emu: Oh, Saki, morning!
Emu: Hehe. You saying wonderhoy puts such a big smile on my face☆
Saki: Heehee! I am the little sister of Tsukasa Tenma, the Wonder Stage's big superstar, after all!
Saki: Since we ran into each other, let's head to the classroom together!
Emu: Yeah! Let's GO GO☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saki: I guess a bit of time has passed since we all changed classes... Have you been able to settle in yet, Emu?
Emu: Yup! I wasn't sure how I'd feel this year since I really loved my class last year...
Emu: But I was able to make a bunch of new friends, so every day is super exciting!
Saki: Yeah, I know what you mean! Getting to know people is one of the nice things about changing classes!
Saki: But it seems like my body hasn't gotten used to it yet...
Saki: Yesterday morning, I accidentally walked into my old classroom and the first-years all looked so confused. It was really embarrassing.
Emu: Haha. I bet you were as surprised as the first-years!
Emu: But there's no need for you to worry today! We're heading straight to Class 2-B and...
Emu: Wait, huh? Isn't this...?
Saki: Oh no! Emu, this is the first-year hallway! It's happening all over again!
Emu: Hehe. Sorry... I guess my body's still not used to things either...
Saki: It takes time to adjust, huh? Anyway, let's hurry over to the second-year hallway!
Saki: You know, this might sound silly, but it feels so different here... Changing classes was one thing, but there's a lot to get used to this term...
Saki: Oh! That reminds me! I think we're supposed to pick committees today!
Emu: Yeah! I finally get to become that!
Saki: Hehe. So you really are going to volunteer for that!
Saki: I can't wait to see how the class will turn out if you do manage to get chosen! You can do it!
Emu: Hehe. Thanks, Saki!
Saki: Oh, there's the bell! We gotta get to class now!
Emu: Oh no! Let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Class 2-B]

Teacher: Okay class, as a new school year has begun, it is time to select committees.
Teacher: I will start by listing off the different committees, so please raise your hand if you wish to volunteer for one of them.
Emu: (This is it! My chance has finally come.)
Teacher: First, class representative—
Emu: Me! I'd like to do that!
(Black cut)

[During break]

Shiho: I didn't realize you were that set on becoming the class representative, Otori...
Classmates: I was surprised too. I thought you were gonna join the planning committee for the Sports Festival since you worked so hard on it last year.
Emu: I thought about that too! But the other day...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: Shosuke! Which committee do you think I should be on this year?!
Shosuke: Huh? Just join whichever one you like. You don't have to ask me every time.
Emu: But I can't decide! Doing the lunchtime program for the broadcasting committee sounds really fun, but I also wanna try taking care of the rabbits for the animal caretaker committee!
Emu: Wait, I know...! What if I made my own committee?!
Emu: I'll call it the “wonderhoy committee!” We'll put on shows at school and make everyone smile! I'll ask the teachers about it and...
Shosuke: No, anything but that! That'll get you in trouble and your school would try to set up a meeting with us!
???: Then, why not become the class representative?
Emu: Keisuke!
Shosuke: Emu? As class representative? Are you trying to cause total chaos..?
Emu: Hmm... I've never really thought about that before...
Keisuke: The class representative holds the important role of guiding the class.
Keisuke: They must consider the differing opinions of their thirty or so classmates to come up with the perfect plan that keeps the class running in an orderly fashion.
Emu: ...! That means...
Keisuke: Yes. It is the perfect job for those who are “destined to lead”.
Keisuke: If you truly wish to carry Phoenix Wonderland into the future, then wouldn't you say this is a great place to start?
Emu: Right...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: Which is why I decided to become the class representative.
Saki: Emu...
Shiho: I never would've guessed...
Shiho: I was completely under the impression that you were doing this to satisfy your curiosity...
Shiho: But I think your motivation qualifies you for the job.
Emu: Shiho...!
Classmates: Yeah. It's gonna be a blast with you representing us, Otori. I'm pretty excited.
Emu: Hehe. Thanks, everyone!
Emu: I'm gonna do my very best to make our class as fun and smile-filled as I can!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Diner]

Nene: What?! Emu, you became a class representative?!
Emu: Yeah, I did!
Emu: I wanna do everything I can to fill my class with as many smiles as I can♪
Rui: Emu as a class representative... That sounds very fun.
Nene: Does it sound fun...? Or does it sound like chaos...?
Tsukasa: Actually, you may be surprised. Emu could actually excel at leading the class in an innovative way.
Emu: You really think so?!
Tsukasa: But you mustn't take this job lightly! It involves squabbling with others constantly...
Tsukasa: There may be times when you get wrapped up in heated discussions with your classmates that last all day! That's far from easy.
Emu: Squabble? Heated discussions? What do you mean...?
Rui: You may get into a few arguments. From what I recall, Tsukasa's previous class was very active in that department...
Rui: That ball sports competition where the volleyball and baseball teams fought over players especially comes to mind.
Tsukasa: Yes, that's definitely in the top three for toughest conflicts that I had to resolve as a class representative.
Nene: Oh, right. I forgot that you were a class representative until not too long ago.
Nene: I'm honestly still having trouble imagining you as one... Do you plan on giving it another go?
Tsukasa: No! For various reasons, I have decided to be a hall monitor this year.
Nene: A hall monitor?! You?!
Emu: Haha. It's just one surprise after another for you today, Nene!
Nene: Of course I'm surprised. I mean, I never expected you to become a class rep or Tsukasa to become a hall monitor.
Nene: Seriously, how were your classes okay with either of those things?
Tsukasa: Well... A lot happened.
Rui: Very true. It was quite the scene.
Tsukasa: And who do you think is to blame?
Nene: Maybe I should stop asking about this...
Emu: Wait, Nene, Rui, you haven't told us which committee you're gonna be on yet!
Nene: I joined the library committee.
Emu: Oh, okay! That makes sense since you've been reading lots of books lately!
Nene: I'm just doing that to learn more about becoming a better stage performer. Besides, I didn't exactly volunteer...
Nene: Oh, that reminds me... Aoyagi was there when I went to go meet the other committee members.
Tsukasa: What?! Toya's going to be on the library committee again this year?!
Rui: Interesting... I didn't know that. He must really love books.
Emu: Wait, when you say Toya, do you mean the one who was really good at video games?!
Emu: That's great, Nene! I bet you two will get a lot closer this year!
Nene: I dunno about that... But I'm glad that someone I know is there.
Tsukasa: Yes, if Toya is around, you should have no problems!
Tsukasa: Still, this conversation is making it feel like the new term has truly begun...
Emu: Yup yup! We're in new classes and on new committees. It's like everything around us is sparkling!
Emu: Wait... Rui, what committee did you end up going for?
Rui: It's not new so it might not count as “sparkling,” but I've chosen to remain on the greening committee.
Emu: Oh, really?! You must like it a lot, huh?
Rui: Well... It's not a committee that stands out very much, but the work is rewarding.
Rui: Also, there are some seeds that I planted that have yet to sprout.
Rui: It didn't feel right for me to leave before they had the chance to grow into flowers.
Tsukasa: I didn't expect you to care for plants that much...
Emu: You don't even eat your veggies!
Nene: I said the same thing to him just the other day.
Rui: Anyway, let's leave it at that. I'm glad to hear that we all joined committees we can enjoy.
Emu: Me too! And if I run into any trouble, I'm gonna ask you for help since you used to be a class rep, Tsukasa☆
Tsukasa: Of course! Throw any questions you have my way!
Nene: Honestly, I'm not sure if you really wanna follow his example...
Rui: But as far as I could tell, his classmates seemed to hold him in very high regard.
Emu: I see...
Emu: Then, I'm gonna do my best to become a reliable class rep just like Tsukasa!
Emu: Class 2-B's gonna be so wonderhoy and full of smiles! I'll work hard to make this the most fun year ever☆
Nene: Hehe. Break a leg.
Rui: That's our Emu for you. I'll also be cheering you on.
(Black cut)
