794_Emu Otori_R3 1920s Girl♪ (event_113)

Gacha phrase: Hehehe♪ Look at me, Nene!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori)

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Emu: Humhumhuum♪ Yaki-yaki-taiyaki-yaki-ki♪ That was a really yummy taiyaki♪
Shosuke: What are you singing...?
Hinata: Hehe. You sound extra happy today.
Keisuke: I take it you enjoyed the taiyaki we had for dessert?
Emu: Yup! And it was super wonderhoy because they came in four different flavors♪
Keisuke: Red bean paste, cream cheese, matcha and... Ah, there was also a chocolate-filled one.
Emu: Yup yup! I didn't know which to choose because they all looked so yummy!
Shosuke: And yet, you still ended up trying all of them...
Shosuke: I bet you never would've been able to choose if we hadn't offered to give you some of ours.
Emu: B-But they all looked that good! There was no way I could choose just one!
Hinata: To be fair, you really do love taiyaki that much.
Emu: I do! I love how they look and how they come in so many fun flavors...
Emu: But these tasted way better than the ones I usually have!
Shosuke: Really? They tasted that good?
Emu: They tasted good...
Emu: But I think that's because we all got to have them together!
Emu: You guys have been so busy lately that we haven't had many chances to eat together, right?
Emu: All four of us are here today—you two, Sis, me—so I'm super duper happy!
Emu: That's why I think those taiyaki tasted so good!
Shosuke: You're blowing things out of proportion again.
Hinata: Still, I'm also happy about the four of us sitting down to have a fun meal together.
Keisuke: I agree. We're nearly through the busiest time of the year for the company, and Mom is about to return from volunteering overseas.
Keisuke: We should take the opportunity to spend more time together as a family.
Emu: Including Mom and Dad? Woohoo! I can't wait♪
Emu: We even get to start working with that other troupe starting tomorrow...! There's so much fun waiting just over the horizon!
Shosuke: Ah, yes... I forgot that you were going there tomorrow.
Hinata: Oh, is this about you and the others learning from different troupes about how to become better performers?
Emu: Yup! We get to start working with one called Shunmeiza starting tomorrow☆
Hinata: Shunmeiza...? I just saw one of their plays not too long ago.
Emu: Wow, really?! How was it?
Hinata: It was a story set in the modern day about a father and child learning to understand one another after not being able to for so long...
Hinata: As undramatic as that may sound, I was very moved by it. The cast did such a wonderful job of making each character feel so real.
Emu: Whoa...!
Keisuke: Shunmeiza is famous for actors who pursue realism with their characters.
Shosuke: Not only do they have a different style to the four of you, but I have to think they also practice in a very different way.
Emu: You think so...?! What do you think they do?
Emu: I'm really good at going boooing and doing backwards loop-the-loops in the air!
Shosuke: I seriously doubt reverse somersaults are a part of their practice regimen...
Emu: Hmm... Then...
Emu: How about practicing belly laughs?! Rui's always saying how I'm really good at that♪ Listen...
Emu: Mwah hah hah hah hah hah!
Emu: Alright, how'd I do?!
Shosuke: Hey, not so loud! Are you trying to scare everyone?
Hinata: I'm sure they won't be doing that either.
Emu: Aww, really...? Hmm... Then, I have no idea what their practices are gonna be like...
Keisuke: I haven't heard many details either... However, I do know that Shunmeiza focuses on developing young talent.
Keisuke: Which may mean that they have everyone work on having solid fundamentals.
Emu: Fundamentals...?
Emu: Oh, you mean the things that are absolutely necessary for putting on good shows!
Emu: Then, alright! That means I gotta do my very best when we practice!!
Emu: Oh, I almost forgot! Rui and I are apparently gonna talk to some of the people from Shunmeiza's production team!
Hinata: Oh, so you'll get to learn about what goes on behind the scenes?
Emu: Yup!
Emu: Rui was talking about how the people working behind the scenes play an important role in putting smiles on the faces of everyone involved in a show.
Emu: So, I'm gonna ask them lots and lots of questions!
Emu: Because I wanna do everything I can to make sure all those who love Phoenix Wonderland also smile☆
Emu: And I'm gonna make that happen by learning as much as I can!
Keisuke: Yes, please do.
Shosuke: Just don't cause them too much trouble, okay?
Emu: Okay♪
Hinata: Hold on, Emu... Aren't you supposed to be meeting everyone really early tomorrow?
Emu: Huh...?
Emu: Oh no! You're right! I have to leave earlier than usual because we're gonna practice a little bit before heading over!
Emu: So, good night, you guys! Wait, I need to brush my teeth before going to bed...!
Keisuke: Okay, night...
Shosuke: Never a dull moment, huh?
Hinata: Hehe. We wouldn't have her any other way.
Keisuke: I agree. Working with a different troupe won't be all that easy.
Keisuke: But we should look forward to seeing how our little sister grows.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Scramble Crossing]

Emu: The Showa Commemorative Museum's gonna be so much fun☆
Rui: Hehe. I'm excited as well.
Rui: Especially since the museum can teach us all about the culture and events of the Showa period, which means this is the perfect way to prepare for our roles.
Nene: Yeah, since they have all sorts of different items on display, like tools that were actually used back then.
Nene: Also, thank goodness this museum's so close. Books and the internet help a little, but seeing those kinds of things for real should make things a lot easier for us.
Tsukasa: Agreed! We should try to experience as much as we can! From feeling how heavy those old telephone receivers are to appreciating the atmosphere of a room!
Rui: I looked up what they have and discovered that the exhibits are divided along different decades.
Rui: So, we should focus on seeing as many exhibits as we can from the setting of the play.
Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Showa Commemorative Museum]

Emu: Whoa...
Nene: This is so cool... It's like we've gone back in time.
Rui: They appear to have turned a building from back then into a museum.
Rui: Apparently, it was originally an inn... Now, each of the rooms contains a different exhibit.
Emu: Oh, look! You can experience what daily life was like back in the Showa period in this room!
Tsukasa: Ooh! So everyone from “The Pomegranate” must've lived in rooms like these...!
Nene: We can apparently even use all the old appliances. Wanna head in?
Emu: Yeah! Pardon us!
(Black cut)
Emu: Ready when you are, Tsukasa☆
Tsukasa: Alright! And action!
Tsukasa: “No good! I won't make the deadline at this rate! But my livelihood depends on it...”
Tsukasa: “No, all this anxiety is just going to prevent me from coming up with good ideas. I should try to relax by having some tea...”
Tsukasa: “Excuse me. Would you mind bringing some tea?”
Emu: “Right away, Sir!”
Nene: What are they doing?
Rui: I believe they're improvising a conversation between a novelist feeling the pressure of a deadline and his housekeeper.
Nene: Oh geez... Cut it out, don't you realize that other people are also here...?
(Black cut)
Emu: Wow! This room's full of old toys!
Rui: What a marvelous sight...! Toys covering every inch of space!
Nene: Yeah. What are these ones...? Oh, they're all tin robots.
Tsukasa: Hmm... So many. And they all have the same, bland look on their faces.
Emu: Bland? I think they're all really cute.
Rui: Tsukasa, look! If you wind this one up...
Tsukasa: Whoa! It can walk?!
Nene: Hmm... More like waddle.
Rui: Hehe. I find tin toys fascinating because of how they can move in a variety of ways despite their simple designs.
Emu: Hehe. You look like you're having a lot of fun, Rui!
(Black cut)
Nene: Find something interesting, Emu?
Emu: So... I just noticed all these funny-looking signs.
Tsukasa: Funny-looking?
Emu: Yeah. I can read each letter, but I don't get what they mean.
Emu: Like that one! Uhh...
Emu: “Maerc Eci”? Is that what it says?
Rui: Oh, I believe that one's for ice cream. Back then, they sometimes used to write Japanese to be read from right to left.
Emu: Wait, really?!
Tsukasa: Th-This also news to me. I was wondering what all these strange words meant...
Emu: Hehe. We're learning so many new things! This is so much fun☆ Oh, let's try going over there next!
Nene: Huh? Emu, wait...!
(Black cut)
Emu: *Stretch* That was a lot of fun! We got to see so much☆
Rui: It was nice how each exhibit was set up with an interactive element so that visitors get an immersive experience.
Emu: Yeah, it was! I loved trying on all those Showa outfits♪ And they had sooo many, so choosing which ones to wear was also super fun!
Nene: That hat and one-piece dress looked really good on you. I'll send you that picture a little later.
Emu: Really?! Thanks, Nene!
Rui: And that outfit I picked out for you, Tsukasa. Wasn't it spectacular?
Tsukasa: Spectacular? Hardly...
Rui: Oh, was it not to your liking?
Tsukasa: You made me dress up as a greengrocer! What does that have to do with the character I'll be playing?!
Nene: Yeah, but it suited you really well. You looked like the real thing when we took that picture of you at the vegetable stand exhibit...
Emu: She's right! You looked really good with a headband on♪
Tsukasa: Again, I'm supposed to be playing a magazine editor!!!
Nene: Hey, keep your voice down. This is so embarrassing... Everyone's looking at us now.
Tsukasa: Grr... Why am I the one being chastised...?! If anything, that should be Rui...
Tsukasa: So, the next time we come here, I'm going to pick out a ridiculous outfit for you to wear! Call it payback!
Rui: Hehe. I'll be looking forward to that.
Emu: But I agree with Tsukasa. We should totally come here again sometime since we didn't have time to see everything!
Nene: Yeah, I'd also like to come back. We really only went around to the exhibits from the years that our show's set in.
Rui: They apparently have two more halls... It'll be exciting to see how they differ from what we saw today.
Tsukasa: Indeed! So, to make sure that we come back here smiling, we'll need to give this show everything we have!
Emu: Yay! We get to come back♪
Emu: Hehe♪ Let's do our absolute best during our next practice!
(Black cut)
