805_Emu Otori_R4 Featuring Cinnamoroll

Gacha phrase: Hehehe. I'm just like Cinnamon!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Scramble Crossing]

Emu: I'm super duper excited☆ Doop dee doo♪
Rui: You seem even more energetic than usual today, Emu.
Tsukasa: That's understandable. After all, today is the first day of our shows collaborating with Puroland!
Emu: Yup! We're gonna put on a special wonderhoy performance with our buddies at Puroland!
Nene: That's right. They taught us a lot of stuff during our rehearsals, so we've gotta make sure we put it into practice for the real thing.
Emu: Yup, yup! It's time to deliver a whole lotta smiles to the guests at Puroland!
Emu: Off we gooo☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wisdom Tree Stage]

Narrator: “Do you all know about Dream Fairies? These adorable spirits are born from humans' dreams and support them in making them come true.”
Narrator: “Oh, look over there! It seems the dreams you all hold have drawn a pair of Dream Fairies here to visit.”
Dream Fairy A (Emu): “Hello, everyone!”
Children: Hello!
Dream Fairy B: “Wow, you're all so full of energy! I'll bet you each have wonderful dreams!”
Dream Fairy A (Emu): “Yeah! We just have to support these guys!”
Dream Knight (Tsukasa): “Forgive my intrusion. There have been sightings of a Nightmare Fairy in the area. Have you seen them?”
Dream Fairy A (Emu): “A Nightmare Fairy?”
Dream Knight (Tsukasa): “Yes. A loathsome creature that stomps out humans' dreams. Let me know if you find them, and I, the Dream Knight, will defeat them!”
Dream Fairy A (Emu): “Stomping out dreams? That's so mean! Why would they do that...?”
Dream Fairy B: “There's no use thinking about that. Let's just focus on supporting the dreams of everyone here!”
Dream Fairy A (Emu): “Yeah! Hey everyone, what kind of dreams do you have? Who would like to share?”
Children: I do! Me! Me!
Nightmare Fairy (Rui): “Please pick me. I'd love to tell you my dream.”
Dream Fairy B: “Huh? You're...”
Nightmare Fairy (Rui): “Hehe, I am the Nightmare Fairy! And I am here to stomp out the dreams of all these children!”
(Black cut)

[One hour later]

Emu: Hehehe. We left the guests smiling so much♪
Tsukasa: Indeed. They responded well to our call-outs, so it made for a good interactive show.
Nene: Their cheering was really intense at the part when the Dream Knight drew energy from everyone's dreams to defeat the Nightmare Fairy.
Rui: Hehe, it made me delighted to be defeated.
Rui: But, we wouldn't have been so successful had it not been for everything we learned in rehearsals about drawing in the audience.
Emu: Yeah! We gotta learn even more during the rest of our performances, and that way we can bring even more smiles to everyone watching!
Tsukasa: Oh, look at that. The show that our co-stars recommended to us is about to start.
Emu: Oh yeah! Hehehe, I can't wait to see Cinnamon's show♪
Nene: It's about Cinnamon making food for his friends to fulfill his dream of becoming a restaurant chef, right?
Rui: It's a different kind of show from the one we're appearing in, so I'm sure we'll have much to learn from it.
(Black cut)
Emu: Oh, it's starting...!
Keroppi: “Aww, I'm hungry.”
Cinnamoroll: “Hello, Keroppi. If you're hungry, how about I cook you something?”
Keroppi: “Oh, really?”
Cinnamoroll: “Yes. It's my dream to become a restaurant chef, so I want to get some practice.”
Keroppi: “I see! Then can you make me some rice balls with looots of tasty filling?”
Cinnamoroll: “Leave it to me♪ Squeezy squeezy, rolly rolly...”
Emu: Whoa... Cinnamon's working so hard to make those rice balls!
Emu: His ears are so floppy and fluffy and cute! Right, Nene?
Nene: Yeah... You're right. I kinda want to touch them.
Cinnamoroll: “All done♪ Bon appetit, Keroppi.”
Keroppi: “Don't mind if I do! Om nom... Oh, it's so good!”
Cinnamoroll: “Hehe, I'm glad you like it.”
U・SA・HA・NA: “Hey, Cinnamon. I want an orange sherbet.”
Hangyodon: “I want chilled noodles!”
Cinnamoroll: “Okie dokie! I'll make them one at a time, so can you guys form a line?”
Tsukasa: He looks like a fish, but he likes chilled noodles?
Rui: Do you mean Hangyodon? Apparently, he's not a fish but a merman, so his taste in food is probably similar to a human's.
(Black cut)
Dwarf: “Hmm... It is delicious, but I wanted 'Mom's pancakes', and this doesn't quite taste like that...”
Cinnamoroll: “I see... Then, let me try again. Can you tell me how it was different from what you wanted?”
Dwarf: “Huh? But these pancakes are yummy. They taste just fine.”
Cinnamoroll: “But my dream is to become a restaurant chef and make everyone happy.”
Cinnamoroll: “So I'm gonna keep trying until my pancakes make you smile from the bottom of your heart!”
Emu: Oh...
Emu: (So Cinnamon is trying really hard to make people smile too...!)
Emu: You can do it, Cinnamon!
(Black cut)
Emu: That was a super wonderful show!
Tsukasa: It truly was. I teared up during the scene when Cinnamon completed the dwarf's ideal pancakes.
Nene: It gave me extra motivation to make someone else smile like that.
Rui: Me too. Let's do our best tomorrow.
Emu: Yeah!
Emu: (Cinnamon worked really hard to make everyone smile.)
Emu: (I've gotta do the same...!)
Emu: Hey, guys. Before we go home, do you wanna look around Puroland a little?
Emu: I wanna know what sorta stuff they do to make their guests smile!
Tsukasa: Of course, that's fine by me.
Nene: We could even go on the rides while we're here?
Emu: Yeah! Then our Puroland Smile Survey Grand Adventure begins! Let's go☆
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Emu's Room]

Emu: I'm glad we made so many people smile with our Puroland collaboration show☆
Emu: We also got to have so much fun exploring Puroland and learning a whole bunch of stuff.
Emu: And after that...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Cinnamoroll: “But my dream is to become a restaurant chef and make everyone happy.”
Cinnamoroll: “So I'm gonna keep trying until my pancakes make you smile from the bottom of your heart!”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: (It made me happy to know Cinnamon is also working hard to make people smile.)
Emu: Hehehe. I'm gonna work hard too to bring smiles to people around the world! I can do this!
Emu: Huh? My phone just flashed... What could that be?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: Hmm... I thought it was Miku and everyone calling me over, but no one's around.
Emu: Huh?! Something flashed again...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Wah!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Emu: Wh-What was that?!
Emu: What is this place? I get the feeling I've been here before...
Emu: Oh, I know! It looks just like Puroland!
???: Heeey! Emu!
Emu: Oh! You guys are here too!
Tsukasa: Yes. I was just in my room when my phone flashed suddenly.
Tsukasa: Hm? What's that up there?
Rui: There's something floating in the sky. It's getting closer...
Nene: Wait, is that—
Cinnamoroll: Hello!
Nene & Tsukasa: Cinnamon?!
Emu: Whoa...! Hellooo!
Cinnamoroll: Oh, it's not just us! Other friends are here too!
Nene: Wh-What's going on...?! How is Cinnamon here?
Tsukasa: C-C-Calm down Nene! In SEKAI, this sort of thing is a regular, everyday, run-of-the-mill occurrence!
Rui: Hm... What would be more fun? I could join the panic and say, “You're the one who should calm down, Tsukasa,” or I could make a deadpan quip like, “'Regular, everyday, run of the mill' is redundant, Tsukasa.”
Emu: Ooh, let's all panic! That sounds fun! What do you think, Cinnamon?
Cinnamoroll: Hm, me? I think...
Tsukasa: Hey! Don't just carry on talking as if this is an ordinary conversation!
Tsukasa: How are you here? What is this place...?
Cinnamoroll: Hmm, I also just appeared here somehow. But, I do know a little about this place.
Cinnamoroll: Apparently, it's a “SEKAI formed from a fragment of a feeling”, and it was born from people thinking, “Puroland was so fun!” and “I wanna go back again!”
Rui: I see... In that case, it's no surprise to see Cinnamon descend from the skies.
Nene: No, I think it's more than a little surprising...
Cinnamoroll: Hehehe, I'm riding a cloud now, but usually I flap my ears to fly!
Emu: Really?! That's so amazing!
Rui: They have a quite different shape than a bird's wings... Hehe, how intriguing.
Cinnamoroll: Do you guys wanna touch my ears?
Rui: May I? Then don't mind if I do...
Rui: They're...even fluffier than I imagined!
Emu: Oh, wow! Can I touch them too, Cinnamon?
Cinnamoroll: Of course!
Emu: Whoa, they're all fluffy and fuzzy...!
Tsukasa: Oh, they really are... Nene, why don't you try too?
Nene: Huh? O-Okay...
Nene: Whoa... It's true. So fluffy...
Cinnamoroll: Hehehe, that kinda tickles.
Cinnamoroll: Hey, can I hear about you guys now?
Tsukasa: *Gasp* My apologies! We still haven't introduced ourselves. We are...
(Black cut)
Cinnamoroll: Oh, so you're learning about putting on shows so you can put smiles on lots of people's faces?
Cinnamoroll: I also put on shows at Puro Village sometimes myself.
Emu: Oh! We saw one of them!
Emu: When I saw you working so hard to make your dream come true, it inspired me to work hard too!
Cinnamoroll: You really mean that? Hehehe, I'm happy to hear that♪
Cinnamoroll: Hey, you all did a show at Puroland too, right? I wish I could watch it.
Tsukasa: It would be our pleasure to perform it for you!
Emu: Yeah! We'll do our best to make you smile too, Cinnamon☆
Cinnamoroll: Yay♪
Rui: It's an interactive show, so we'd love it if you could participate and make it even more fun.
Cinnamoroll: Okay, you can count on me.
(Black cut)
Nightmare Fairy (Rui): “Dreams? Pathetic. My Nightmare Wand will show you cold, hard reality! Behold!”
Girl (Nene): “Wait, what...? I was working so hard to become an international songstress...”
Girl (Nene): “All I can think about is failure... Maybe it is an impossible dream...”
Dream Knight (Tsukasa): “Not so fast, you nasty Nightmare Fairy! It is anything but pathetic to have a dream!”
Dream Fairy (Emu): “That's right! It's hard to make a dream come true, and the road is never easy...”
Dream Fairy (Emu): “But if you can dream, you can face anything, even nightmarish reality!”
Dream Fairy (Emu): “Isn't that right, everyone?!”
Cinnamoroll: Yeah!
Cinnamoroll: Sometimes things don't go my way and leave me feeling blue...
Cinnamoroll: But when I see people enjoying my cooking and smiling, it makes me want to dream bigger and make even more people smile.
Cinnamoroll: And when I dream even bigger, I can try my hardest to overcome all the challenges I face.
Emu: Cinnamon...
Cinnamoroll: And that's why I think, if I just cherish my dream, I can one day become a chef who'll bring happiness to everyone♪
Girl (Nene): “Yes... That's right. I won't give up either. I already made up my mind to sing all over the world!”
Nightmare Fairy (Rui): “What is this...?”
Dream Knight (Tsukasa): “With such powerful dreams concentrated in one place, we might just be able to destroy the Nightmare Wand.”
Dream Knight (Tsukasa): “Prepare yourself, Nightmare Fairy!”
(Black cut)
Emu, Tsukasa, Rui & Nene: Thank you very much!
Cinnamoroll: Thank you, everyone! It was a wonderful show♪
Emu: Hehehe. I'm glad you enjoyed it!
Emu: But it wouldn't have been such a wonderhoy show without you helping us put it together!
Cinnamoroll: Wonderhoy?
Emu: Oh, so like, “wonderhoy” is like our magic word to make people smile☆
Cinnamoroll: Oh, I see. What a wonderful word!
Cinnamoroll: Hey, can we all say wonderhoy together?
Cinnamoroll: If we do, I have a feeling that we'll always be connected through our hope to make people smile♪
Emu: Okay! I wanna say it with you too, Cinnamon!
Nene: Me too.
Tsukasa: Well then, Emu, cue us in please!
Emu: Okay!
Emu: On three! One, two, three!
Everyone: Wonderhoy!
(Black cut)
