858_Emu Otori_R2 Group Film Viewing☆ (event_119)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Emu: Let's see... We've got plenty of drinks and snacks...
Emu: Okay! I think we're all set to go☆
Emu: I can't wait to see what Mr. Ohara's films are like! I'm really looking forward to the story!
Emu: I hope the others get here soon♪
Emu: Oh, I think that's them...! Welcome, everyoooone!
(Black cut)
Emu: Come on in☆ I've been waiting for you guys!
Nene: Waiting for us to get here is great and all...
Tsukasa: B-But...
Tsukasa: What in the world is this plaaaaaaaaace?!
Emu: Huh?
Tsukasa: Don't “huh” me! Answer me! What is the meaning of this place...?!
Tsukasa: It has a giant screen covering the whole wall and a sound system I've never seen anywhere else! Also, these chairs are far too luxurious for their own good...!!!!!
Tsukasa: It's like a full-blown movie theater!!!!!
Emu: We always come here to watch movies and stuff.
Tsukasa: Always...?!
Rui: Hehe. Emu's house never ceases to amaze.
Nene: Yeah...
Emu: Guys, look! I've got snacks and drinks for all of us☆ We can have these while we watch♪
Tsukasa: Hm? Ah, right... I was so staggered that I forgot why we're all gathered here today...
Nene: We're watching “The Spring Lantern”, right?
Rui: Yes. The protagonist, Mabuchi, saw his mother arrested when he was little, and has been labeled the son of a criminal ever since...
Rui: The story centers around him as an adult discovering that his mother may have been the victim of a miscarriage of justice.
Tsukasa: I have to say... That sounds like a bleak story...
Rui: It is. However, very unlike Mr. Ohara's other works, this one involves a few action scenes... I have a feeling we'll all enjoy watching it together.
Emu: Action does sound like fun! Then, let's start watching☆
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Hmm... Not only did his neighbors talk about him behind his back, but everyone at school treated him like dirt... I can't imagine how he must've felt while growing up...
Emu: Yeah... Talk about a sad childhood...
Tsukasa: Wait... Not only did this man say something foreboding a minute ago, but he also seems very familiar with Mabuchi's mother...
Tsukasa: That's it! This man's the real culprit!
Nene: Yeah, I seriously doubt this one's that simple...
(Black cut)
Mabuchi: <I don't plan on ever forgiving you. But...I still appreciate what you did. I probably wouldn't have made it this far on my own.>
Mabuchi: <I can finally start living a normal life.>
Nene: Oh, we're at the credits...
Emu: It's over...
Tsukasa: I can't believe it was actually that person...
Emu: Yeah, I got fooled too! I completely thought it was his neighbor Sasano the entire time!
Rui: Hehe. Sounds like you two went straight for the bait.
Nene: The man you thought was behind it all ended up being the protagonist's most important friend, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Grr... My deduction skills still need work...
Tsukasa: However, this film really delivered in terms of doing an excellent job of presenting each character's emotions.
Nene: Yeah, and the whole cast was amazing.
Nene: I couldn't help but side with the protagonist. I found myself rooting him on as he went after the real suspect...
Emu: Yeah, my heart really went out to him...!
Rui: They did a magnificent job of making use of each actor's talents and skills.
Rui: The way you can lead the viewer's eye with good camerawork or cleverly use certain shots to present how a character's feeling... The screen gives you access to so many techniques.
Tsukasa: Yes, and despite it being a bit of a sad story, it was still very good. I think we all learned a lot from it.
Rui: I agree.
Nene: Oh, didn't Rin say that she wanted to watch a film with us?
Nene: Who don't we take this one over to SEKAI the next time we visit?
Rui: Yes, we can take this over and tell them about how we get to be in a film.
Emu: Okay! I hope Rin and the others like this as much as we did♪
Nene: Still, I can't help but wonder what this director's gonna be like when we meet him in real life.
Tsukasa: I can't say... But if he's capable of creating films as profound as this one, then I'm sure we'll be able to learn a lot from him.
Rui: Right. I'm very much looking forward to learning more about directing from him.
Emu: Yeah! I'm really nervous since it's our first film ever, but let's all do our best!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Scramble Crossing]

Emu: *Stretch* We're finally done shooting that film, you guys!
Nene: We managed to get through the last day in one piece...
Emu: Which means we can call it a wrap☆
Tsukasa: A wrap, eh? A lot really did happen these past few weeks...
Tsukasa: But looking back, each day we worked on this film ended up being very fulfilling.
Rui: I agree. Especially since the initial plan was to participate for one day as extras. I still can't believe they allowed us to join the crew...
Nene: Yeah, we sorta ended up working as a part of the crew a lot longer than the cast.
Tsukasa: Yes, but getting to be extras was still an invaluable experience!
Tsukasa: After our last performance, I was encouraged to keep the entire story in mind while still maintaining the passion behind my acting, and I was able to apply that this time.
Tsukasa: And we got to watch Bakuno up close as he starred in a feature film for the first time!
Nene: Yeah, I learned a lot from everyone too. Seeing how they played their characters, like how they used gestures and facial expressions, taught me a lot...
Rui: Hehe. It sounds like this film ended up being a wonderful experience for the both of you.
Emu: You both sound even more enthusiastic than usual!
Emu: And you got to work as the director's assistant, Rui! How was that?
Rui: Oh, each day was a challenge because of how unaccustomed I was to that environment. I could only do so much...
Rui: But I was able to learn quite a lot from Mr. Ohara, so I'm glad I was given this opportunity.
Rui: It reminded me of just how deep the directing rabbit hole goes... Hehe. So much so that I'm raring to put on another show now.
Emu: Hehe... You also sound really enthusiastic, Rui!
Rui: How about you, Emu? From what I understand, you spoke quite a lot with everyone on the crew.
Emu: Yup! I learned lots and lots of things after talking lots and lots with the entire crew!
Rui: Really? What did you talk about with them?
Emu: Uhh... They told me how many people worked on the film, how they got everything ready for it and...
Emu: How to actually make films like that from scratch!
Nene: How to actually make them?
Emu: We only got to help shoot this film, but other people put the schedule together, hired crew members, found shoot locations...
Emu: Actually, people had already been doing a lot of work on it for years!
Tsukasa: For years...?
Emu: Not only that, they said how they still have a lot of work left to do after getting everything on film...
Emu: So many different people have to come together to get it onto a screen for people to see!
Emu: Also, what everyone told me reminded me of Keisuke and Shosuke.
Rui: Your brothers?
Emu: Yeah! It made me think how hard they have to work to bring shows to guests and put smiles on all their faces!
Emu: Which is why I've decided to put in even more effort for the shows we do moving forward!
Emu: Because just like this film, lots and lots of people are working behind the scenes to make those shows happen!
Tsukasa: ... You're right.
Tsukasa: And I'm glad to hear that you also had a wonderful experience!
Rui: Working on this film taught us all some incredibly valuable lessons.
Emu: Hehe. I'm super duper glad that we all got to work on this film☆
Emu: (It's so great how we get to go to all these different places and learn new things together.)
Emu: (First, we got to hear about how shows are produced with Shunmeiza. Then, we got to work as part of this film's crew...)
Emu: (It's been fun to learn about just how much work goes into making people smile and laugh.)
Emu: (I'm still not able to do much...)
Emu: (But I'm gonna keep moving forward. I'm gonna keep working towards my dream.)
Emu: (And we're gonna keep growing together!)
(Black cut)
