885_Emu Otori_R4 Let's Think Together (event_124)

Gacha phrase: Don't worry! I'll help☆

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Emu: Woohoo! The spinning teacups were so much fun!
Emu: Alright, what do you wanna go on next?!
Nene: S-Slow down... I think I need a quick break...
Tsukasa: Y-Yes, I'd like that as well... My eyes are still spinning after riding those teacups...
Rui: Oh? We're here to get away from everything for a bit, aren't we? I thought spinning our teacup as hard as possible would be fun for you, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: It was fun in the beginning, but—
Emu: And I spun it super duper hard too because I didn't want Rui to have all the fun!
Tsukasa: That's why my eyes are still spinning! You two are to blame!
Nene: Seriously, you guys...
Rui: Hehe. You two do seem like you could use a break. Why don't we look for a bench where we can all sit?
Emu: A break...
Emu: Oh, you guys! I just thought of something great☆
Nene: Something great?
Emu: Yeah! We should...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Taking a break while riding the Ferris wheel was a good idea.
Emu: See what I mean?! We're giving ourselves a chance to relax while going on an actual ride! It's almost too good to be true☆
Nene: Yeah, I'm starting to feel a little better already...
Nene: Also, it's been so long that I'd forgotten how good the view is from up here.
Emu: Right?! I really love the view too☆ That's why I wanted us to all go on it together!
Rui: Hehe. I see.
Emu: *Nod* I mean, this Ferris wheel means so much to us!
Tsukasa: Yes, it certainly does...
Tsukasa: This is where we decided to fill the Wonder Stage back up with smiles after we'd heard that it was about to be torn down...
Tsukasa: Also, Emu, this is where you told us about how you wanted to protect Phoenix Wonderland.
Rui: When you put it into perspective like that, it's somewhat moving that the four of us are here, looking down on the park again like this.
Emu: *Nod*
Emu: Huh?
Rui: Is something wrong?
Emu: Lots of people are gathering by the Wonder Stage!
Nene: She's right. Does that mean they're about to do a show?
Tsukasa: Even though we're gone, the cast and audience are working together to keep it alive.
Emu: Yeah... Looks like it...
Emu: Oh, you guys! Wanna go over once we're off the Ferris wheel?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonder Stage]

Emu: Wow, that was such a fun show☆
Rui: Hehe. The way they incorporated the seating area into their performance was very clever.
Nene: Yeah, I wasn't expecting the antagonists to be hiding among the audience.
Tsukasa: Yes, and everyone seemed to love that! Also...
Spectator A: Man, that was so much fun! Another great show at the Wonder Stage...!
Spectator B: And we got to see them do all those stunts right up close! I had trouble staying seated!
Tsukasa: It sounds like they're genuinely enjoying seeing shows at the Wonder Stage.
Emu: Yeah...! They're all smiling!
Tsukasa: Yes, they are... Still, it felt strange watching a show here as members of the audience.
Nene: Yeah, since we only ever saw things from the stage.
Tsukasa: Exactly. And this place has given us so much.
Rui: It really has. It gave me friends to do shows with.
Nene: Same here... I was reminded of just how much I love singing on stage... It gave me the inspiration to go after my dream again.
Emu: Yeah... And we did so many shows here together.
Emu: (Because of this stage and the others, I was able to keep believing in my dream.)
Emu: Which is why... I wanna keep doing my best to fill Phoenix Wonderland with as many smiles as I can!
Emu: I'm gonna start here... And someday, I'll make the whole world smile!
Nene: Emu...
Emu: So, I'm gonna learn as much as I can to make that dream a reality!
Emu: Together! With you guys!
Nene: Right. Let's keep doing our best together.
Emu: Yeah! Now, ride what should we go on next?
Len (WxS): <Hey, you guys! Come quick! We've got an emergency!>
Tsukasa: Huh? What's going on?!
Rin (WxS): <S-So... There's something we need to tell you...>
Len (WxS): <Y-Yeah, uhh...!>
Len (WxS): <A new area just appeared in SEKAI!>
Tsukasa: What...?
Emu: A new area?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

[Harbor]

Emu: Wow☆ All that house's windows are circles!
Emu: Oh, look over there! Some little birdies made a nest! That's so cute♪
Emu: And check out that house! Its walls and roof are all red! And it's so big!
Tsukasa: Emu, slow down! Don't run off like that! We're not here to explore the city right now!
Emu: Oh, right...! We need to find that phoenix!
KAITO (WxS): Haha... Let's ask around and do our best so that we can go back to Rui and the others with some good news.
Emu: Yeah☆ Let's ask lots and lots of people!
Emu: Hi, Mr. Hippo! We're looking for a phoenix. Did you happen to see one flying by?
Hippo Plushie: A phoenix...? Hmm... No, I've never seen one before...
Emu: Okay...
Hippo Plushie: Sorry I can't be of much help. Anyway, I need to go. I've got an appointment to keep.
Emu: Okay, thanks!
Emu: Oh, hello! Have you seen a...
(Black cut)
Emu: Hmm...
Emu: We've asked a lot of different plushies about that phoenix, but we still don't know where it's gone.
Tsukasa: Yes, we're just spending a lot of time with nothing to show for it...
MEIKO (WxS): I just hope that Rui and the others have learned something...
Tsukasa: Me too...
Emu: Hm?
Luka (WxS): Is something wrong, Emu?
Emu: Hmm... That doggie plushie...
Doggie Plushie: Uhh... This is the center of the market, so that means I'm...
Emu: He's been looking around really nervously for some reason...
KAITO (WxS): Oh, you're right. Do you think something's wrong?
MEIKO (WxS): What if he's lost?
Emu: Then, I'm gonna go help!
Tsukasa: Hey, Emu, wait! Honestly... Let's go, everyone!
Emu: Hi there☆ What's wrong? Is everything okay?
Doggie Plushie: Oh, um... I'm supposed to meet with a friend... But I think I got lost somewhere along the way...
MEIKO (WxS): You got lost...?
Tsukasa: I'm not sure we'll be of much help. We still don't really know a whole lot about this city...
Emu: Yeah, but... We can't just leave. I wanna help if I can...
KAITO (WxS): Yes, then... Let's try figuring out where this meeting location is.
Tsukasa: We might even learn something about where the phoenix went!
Emu: Thanks, you guys!
Emu: Now then... Let's find where Mr. Doggie's supposed to go!
MEIKO (WxS): Yes, let's!
Doggie Plushie: Thank you all very much!
Luka (WxS): Could you tell us a little more about where you're supposed to meet your friend?
Doggie Plushie: Um... I'm supposed to find this big house with a red roof and walls!
Emu: A house with a red roof and walls...?
Emu: Wait, didn't we just...?!
(Black cut)
Doggie Plushie: Wow...! Yes, it's here! This is the place I've been looking for!
Hippo Plushie: Ah, there you are! I was wondering where you've been... Wait, you're...
Emu: Oh, Mr. Hippo, hi again! So you're the friend Mr. Doggie's here to meet☆
Tsukasa: I can't believe the house you saw just earlier turned out to be where they agreed to meet...
Tsukasa: But I'm glad everything worked out in the end.
Emu: Me too! I'm really glad we could help♪
Doggie Plushie: Again, thank you very much. I couldn't have made it here without you!
Hippo Plushie: Also, did you find someone who can tell you more about that phoenix?
Luka (WxS): No, not yet...
Doggie Plushie: A phoenix?
Emu: Yup! We're looking for this phoenix, but no one else seems to have seen it...
Doggie Plushie: I see... Then, you might want to head over to the inn.
Tsukasa: The inn?
Doggie Plushie: Yes, the one right near the harbor. I'm actually staying there.
Doggie Plushie: You get to hear lots of rumors because plushies from different islands like to gather there.
Doggie Plushie: So, you might be able to learn more about this phoenix you're looking for there.
KAITO (WxS): Yes, the inn... Thank you for the tip.
Emu: Yeah! Thank you so much!
Doggie Plushie: No, I'm just glad I could also be of help!
Doggie Plushie: So, good luck finding that phoenix. I'll be rooting for all of you!
Emu: Thanks! See you later!
Emu: Hehe...
Emu: I'm so glad we got him to smile...
Tsukasa: Anyway...
Tsukasa: Now that we've acquired a nice piece of information, let's go report back to Nene and the others!
Emu: Okay!
Emu: We're gonna find that phoenix no matter what!
(Black cut)
