897_Emu Otori_R4 A Momentary Reunion

Gacha phrase: Grandpa wrote about this in his notebook...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori)

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Emu: Hum humhuumhum♪ Humhumhuum♪
Maid: Ms. Emu, would you like another cup of tea? There are many cookies left as well.
Emu: Really? Then, seconds☆
Maid: Understood. Oh?
Emu: Oh, it's Dad! Welcome home! Are you already done with work for today?
Emu's Father: No... My meal with our overseas partners has simply been postponed.
Emu's Father: I found a Chinese restaurant and wanted to have lunch there, but my secretary here put a stop to that.
Secretary: My apologies, sir. That presented some security concerns.
Emu: Gotcha! So then you came back home!
Maid: In that case, I will arrange for your meal. It will be ready shortly.
Emu: Then, wanna have some cookies while you wait? They're our snack for today♪
Emu's Father: Thank you, Emu.
Emu's Father: Hm? That notebook...
Emu: This? Hehehe, it's my idea notebook☆
Emu: I write down all the stuff I think would be fun to do at Phoenix Wonderland and stuff that'd be good to have♪
Emu's Father: I see. You've been thinking about these things quite a bit.
Emu's Father: Sorry to ask, but could you fetch that notebook from my study? My father's.
Secretary: Of course, right away.
Emu: What notebook?
Emu's Father: It belonged to your grandfather.
Emu's Father: Like you, Emu, he wrote quite a few ideas down.
Secretary: Apologies for the wait.
Emu's Father: Yes, this is the one. Thank you.
Emu's Father: Emu, you can have this.
Emu: Huh? But this belonged to Grandpa. It must mean a lot to you, right...?
Emu's Father: It does. And because it has such meaning, I think you should hold on to it.
Emu's Father: There are plenty more where that came from. His other notebooks should be set aside in our archive, so I'll have it arranged that they be made available to you as well.
Emu: ...
Emu's Father: That notebook contains renovation ideas for the family lodge that was built back in his day.
Emu: A lodge...?
Emu's Father: You were two or three years old when we took you there. It's no surprise you don't remember.
Emu's Father: It wasn't originally designed with children in mind, so we had plans to renovate the place based on his ideas and make it more enjoyable for you and your siblings.
Emu's Father: However...
Emu's Father: No, never mind that.
Emu's Father: My father wasn't able to make those ideas a reality himself, but I'm sure he'll be happy to know that someone has taken up the torch in one sense or another.
Emu's Father: Treat that with care. Both the notebook, and your grandfather's wishes...
Emu: Right! I'll take super good care of them! Thanks, Dad!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Emu's Room]

Emu: He gave me something really great!
Emu: I wonder what kinds of ideas are in here...!
Emu: Whoa! He wrote a lot, and drew a lot too! Let's see...
Emu: “Rock climbing wall. Leads up to second floor.” “It's getting kinda hard for ol' gramps, so make some less steep stairs.” “Make the steps short for the kids too?”
Emu: Being able to climb the wall up to the second floor sounds so fun...! And he's thinking about how to make the stairs easy to climb too!
Emu: What else... “Replace the floor or walls with glass to make an aquarium with plenty of fish.” “A bathroom that makes you think you're underwater”...
Emu: Wooow! Having any of this stuff in your house would make every day so fun!
Emu: Oh, but there's an asterisk by the aquarium idea... Let's see...
Emu: “Making an aquarium would require major changes to the building itself. Considering all the memories this lodge holds, perhaps renovations should be kept to a minimum”...
Emu: He's got so many notes about what would be needed and what to be careful of...
Emu: Grandpa really was amazing...
Emu: I talked to him lots about shows, and we got to chat about this and that all the time, but...
Emu: I wish I could've asked him lots about his work too...
Emu: I don't get to talk to him anymore, but he's left this notebook behind!
Emu: Alrighty! I'm gonna read every line and study up♪
Emu: Huh? My phone just...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: Huh? I'm in SEKAI all of a sudden...
Emu: Why's it all dark? It was still snack time back home...
Emu: Oh! Something's flashing over there! Could it be a star?!
Emu: Fooound ya☆ So this round ball thing here is where the light's coming from!
Emu: Is this a prop for a show? I'm gonna go show everybody♪
Emu: Wah! What's going on? It's so bright!!!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Emu: Well that threw me for a loop! I didn't think it'd go all flashy-flash like that.
Emu: Wait, huh what?! Now I'm not in SEKAI, I'm in somebody's house?
Emu: ...
Emu: I...think I recognize this place...
???: Ah, Emu. Thanks for waiting!
Emu: Hwah?
Emu: G-GGGGGGGGG...!
Emu: GRANDPA?!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, MEIKO)

[???]

Emu: G-GGGGGGGGG...!
Emu: GRANDPA?!
Rakunosuke: Yes, the very same! What's the hubbub? You look like a pigeon that just got shot by a peashooter.
Emu: I-I mean, Grandpa, you...
Emu: You're...
Rakunosuke: Hm...
Rakunosuke: “Grandpa and Emu Secrets Quiz!!!”
Emu: Huh?! A-A quiz?!
Rakunosuke: Heh heh heh. Emu, could you quiz me on something that only I'd know the answer to?
Emu: Huh...?
Rakunosuke: Ask as many questions as you like. I'll keep answering them all until you're satisfied!
Emu: Th-Then...! Um...!
Emu: What was the name of the first show I saw with you at the Wonder Stage?
Rakunosuke: I know this! “Teddy In The Magical Forest”!
Emu: Ding ding ding! Perfect answer☆
Rakunosuke: My oh my. Is that enough quizzing? I've only answered one question, you know.
Emu: It's enough! I mean, I knew it was you the second you suggested a quiz!
Emu: Even if this is all a dream, I'm super duper happy...!
Emu: (I haven't dreamt about him at all since I had to say goodbye...)
Emu: (Is this because I was wishing I could've talked to him more?)
Emu: (If this is a dream, I'd better talk to him lots and lots before I wake up!)
Emu: Um, Grandpa! There's so much I wanna talk about!
Rakunosuke: There's something I was hoping to get your thoughts on too, Emu!
Emu: Wait, my thoughts?
Rakunosuke: That's right. Look, over there.
Emu: Over there... Are you talking about the dollhouse on the table?
Rakunosuke: Indeed. You see, I've been thinking about ways to renovate this lodge.
Emu: Lodge...
Emu: Oh! You mean the stuff about rock climbing up to the second floor or making the bathroom an aquarium?!
Rakunosuke: Ah! Did your dad tell you? That's exactly right!
Rakunosuke: To start, I've put together a dollhouse so I can better imagine how things will turn out.
Rakunosuke: So, I wanted to ask you what sort of lodge you would make... Ah, but a brainstorming battle sounds much more interesting!
Emu: You and me are gonna face off?!
Rakunosuke: These old legs wouldn't be a match for yours, but I won't lose to the young folk when it comes to a contest of ideas!
Emu: Well, I've been learning all kinds of stuff at Shunmeiza, on a movie set and all sorts of other places!
Emu: So, I'll do my best to keep up with you and come up with some super shiny sparkly ideas☆
Rakunosuke: Yes, that's it! That's the way!
Rakunosuke: There are plenty of furniture miniatures! Use whichever you like and propose lots of variations.
Emu: Okie dokie! Whoa...! There are even little dolls of us!
Rakunosuke: Cute, aren't they? They're my pride and joy, made to order.
Rakunosuke: Okay then, are we all set for our brainstorming battle? Ready... Go!
Emu: Gooo!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000300/bg_s000300.png)
Emu: (Hmm, what to do. Grandpa already came up with ideas to make the place feel like a playground or an aquarium...)
Emu: (That reminds me, he wrote in his notebook about how difficult it was to climb the stairs and how many memories are packed in here.)
Emu: (Trouble climbing the stairs... Then...!)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Emu: (Oh... But I think this idea would mean making really big changes to the lodge...)
Rakunosuke: Emu, that's the face of somebody with an idea! Keeping all the fun to yourself is no fair. Could you let Grandpa in on it?
Emu: Um... I thought you could have a ramp heading up to the second floor, instead of stairs. I figured that would be easier on you...
Rakunosuke: Aha! Go on.
Emu: An easy slope would mean a reeeally long ramp, so I thought it might be nice to put in windows looking out at the yard or hang some family photos. That way, you wouldn't get bored on the walk.
Rakunosuke: I see! That's quite the interesting idea. So, why did you look so down?
Emu: Oh...
Emu: Well, I realized making that long ramp would probably mean you have to remodel the lodge a whole lot.
Emu: But this lodge is full of so many memories, right? So...
Rakunosuke: Ah...
Rakunosuke: So you were thinking about us. You're so kindhearted, Emu...
Rakunosuke: But this is an idea you came up with. It'd be a waste to never put it in words!
Emu: But...
Rakunosuke: Listen, Emu. The way I see it, sharing an idea is a very meaningful thing to do.
Rakunosuke: After all, a thought that seems obvious to you could feel like an incredible epiphany to someone else.
Rakunosuke: And even when it's an idea you're not sure how to execute, maybe someone out there has the answer.
Rakunosuke: Haven't you experienced that before, Emu? Moments when something you thought impossible came to fruition with the help of those around you.
Emu: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: Yeah. Lots of times...!
Rakunosuke: Of course, of course you have!
Rakunosuke: Ideas are the seeds of dreams! Planting more will cause all sorts to bloom!
Rakunosuke: So, Emu! Give me lots of ideas! If you don't, how are you supposed to beat your Grandpa?
Emu: Oh right, we were competing!
Emu: Um, then...! How about putting a rail cart in the yard?!
Emu: The yard looks super spacious, so if there was a rail cart, you could go all around and really enjoy the nature!
Rakunosuke: I like that! And planting some flowers along the tracks would surely make for a beautiful sight.
Emu: Also, about the inside of the lodge... Oh, can I use the dollhouse?
Rakunosuke: Of course! Which part are you thinking of changing up?
Emu: Hehehe, well...!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: Oh...
Emu: Wait... Where's the lodge? Where's Grandpa?
Emu: Grandpa?!
MEIKO (WxS): Sorry, Emu. It's me.
Emu: MEIKO!
Emu: Listen to this! I was with my grandpa until just now! And we were having a brainstorming battle!
Emu: And...! And...
Emu: I guess it really was a dream.
MEIKO (WxS): Yes, I suppose it was something similar...
MEIKO (WxS): Emu, you picked up some sort of glowing ball, right? That's called a fragment of a feeling, and it allows you to get in touch with someone else's emotions.
Emu: A fragment of a feeling...
MEIKO (WxS): So, after you touched that fragment of a feeling, you were taken to a fragment SEKAI.
Emu: Wow! That was a SEKAI too?!
MEIKO (WxS): I don't know what kind of SEKAI it was...
MEIKO (WxS): But even if it was a fragment, someone's feelings were here, and you took them on.
MEIKO (WxS): It may not have been real... But it wasn't just a dream, either.
Emu: Oh... I see...
Emu: I...talked to Grandpa there. We talked about the family lodge... Oh, we never got to finish our brainstorming battle.
Emu: But we got to...we got to talk lots and lots.
Emu: He listened to all my ideas. He told me he liked them, and they sounded fun...
Emu: And then... And then...
Emu: *Sob* *Sniffle* Hey, that's weird...
Emu: I just had so much fun, but...
Emu: MEIKO...?
MEIKO (WxS): There's no one else around. So, you don't need to hold it in.
Emu: Thank you, MEIKO!
Emu: But... I have this feeling that if I cry, the tears are gonna take away everything me and Grandpa talked about together, and everything I felt.
Emu: So...
Emu: So, I'm gonna write it all down before I forget!
MEIKO (WxS): That's a wonderful plan! I'd love to hear what you two talked about.
Emu: Sure♪ I'll tell you all about it!
(White cut)
