927_Emu Otori_R4 Smirk Of A Winner (event_131)

Gacha phrase: Well, that was a bit of an ordeal...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori)

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Emu: Phew, that was really good! Thanks for dinner!
Hinata: Thank you for dinner.
Hinata: Oh, one of my friends gave me some tea leaves today. I also bought a Swiss roll, so why don't we have them together?
Emu: Oh, a Swiss roll?! I wanna have some!
Shosuke: Is it from that famous shop you mentioned the other day? If so, I might also like a slice.
Hinata: Hehe. Okay. Then, I'll go get everything ready now.
Keisuke: That reminds me, Emu. I heard that your time with Shunmeiza ended the other day. I assume things went well?
Emu: Yeah, we learned so much! Thank you for introducing us to them!
Emu: Oh, this person named Bakuno's a member, and he was a super duper amazingly good actor!
Shosuke: Yeah, he's their star. I've heard that he's an incredible actor.
Emu: He is! We were all totally blown away! It's like he's a completely different person when he's on stage!
Emu: Also, we got invited to help work on a film with him!
Emu: We got to learn so much about how they're actually made and what people do behind the scenes♪
Keisuke: We don't overlap all that much with the film industry, but it's good to hear that you were all able to experience something new...
Shosuke: I agree. Now it feels like it was worth begging them to allow you to train with them. So, do your best again with your next troupe.
Emu: I will! I'm gonna keep seeing and hearing about new things so I can keep growing and growing!
Keisuke: Yes, we'll be looking forward to that.
Hinata: Thank you all for waiting. I decided to turn it into milk tea since it's apparently supposed to be very good that way.
Hinata: Here's your cup, Emu. With plenty of milk and sugar.
Emu: Yay, thanks!
Keisuke: This Swiss roll also looks very good.
Hinata: Doesn't it? I bought it as a little reward for Emu, and I'm very glad that I did.
Emu: Huh? A reward for me?
Hinata: Yes.
Hinata: You're learning as much as you can about acting and how to operate business, yes? So, I thought your hard work shouldn't go unrewarded.
Emu: Really?! Thanks, Sis!
Emu: Hmm... But...
Hinata: Is something wrong?
Emu: Umm... I don't know how to put it into words...
Emu: But I don't think I'm the only one working really, really hard! So are all of you!
Hinata: What?
Emu: What are you doing, Sis?! You're studying super hard because you want to help little kids for a living, right?!
Emu: And you two think so, so hard every single day about what's best for Phoenix Wonderland as its operators, right, Keisuke, Shosuke...?!
Emu: So, I think we should see this Swiss roll as a reward for all of us!
Hinata: Yes, I see what you mean...
Hinata: But I still like to think it's meant for you, Emu.
Emu: Huh?
Hinata: Because I didn't really know what I wanted to do with my life when I was your age. I honestly had no idea...
Hinata: That's why I admire you so much. You already know what you want to do.
Hinata: Seeing you work so hard to make your dream come true makes me want to do the same.
Emu: Sis...
Emu: Hehe. Thanks.
Emu: But I could say the same thing for you guys!
Hinata: What?
Emu: Again, Sis, you're studying really hard for the sake of little kids...
Emu: And Keisuke and Shosuke are working really hard to make sure the park's guests go home smiling.
Emu: That makes me want to work even harder. Seeing you guys gets me super fired up!
Emu: That's why I'm gonna take the time you guys have given me to learn everything I can.
Emu: And someday, I'm gonna fill Phoenix Wonderland and the whole world with lots and lots of smiles!
Shosuke: I see. That's excellent to hear.
Hinata: Hehe. It's okay for you to take your time and learn what you can at your own pace, Emu.
Emu: Thanks! But I still promise to keep growing lots and lots with everybody!
Keisuke: That's what we like to hear.
Emu: Hehe. Anyway...! I'm gonna do my best to make today another wonderhoy... No, wait!
Emu: This Swiss roll comes first♪ Let's eat, you guys!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: Alright, here we go! And, action!
Nene: “I was born into a family of warriors. If I must wield a blade to defend these children, then I shall...!”
Nene: “Hiyah!”
KAITO (WxS): “Your determination is admirable! Unfortunately, the Minamoto clan must end here! Prepare yourself!”
Miku (WxS): Whoa☆ Nene's putting on such a powerful performance!!!
MEIKO (WxS): And she's moving so convincingly!
(Black cut)
MEIKO (WxS): “No, he's too strong... R-Retreat! Retreeeat!”
Rui: “Foolish humans... Such is your punishment for desecrating these mountains with your filthy footprints...”
KAITO (WxS): The way he's moving is riveting. It's like he's a real tengu.
Len (WxS): That was awesome...! Rui just swatted away those Taira henchmen!
(Black cut)
Emu: “I have no interest in restoring the Minamoto clan to its former glory, but making a plaything of brutes such as yourself is all too enticing.”
Emu: “So, shall we go stir things up in this world a little?”
Emu: “Your name is Benkei, correct...? Come with me. You will surely enjoy what we are going to see together.”
Miku (WxS): Whoooaaa☆ That was so cool!
KAITO (WxS): You and Nene both did an excellent job of capturing your respective characters' traits, even while wielding weapons, Rui.
MEIKO (WxS): And we got to play the people fighting against them. We essentially had the best seats in the house!
Rui: We appreciate you saying that. And thank you for playing those characters for us.
Rin (WxS): The final showdown between you and Tsukasa was also really amazing, Emu!
Luka (WxS): I was blown away by the way you swung around that naginata, Tsukasa.
Miku (WxS): They did all practice a ton☆
MEIKO (WxS): But I was most blown away by what you did during that fight, Emu! I still can't believe the way you jumped over his head to take his back.
Len (WxS): It was so cool when you poked him with your fan...!
Emu: Hehe. Thanks, you guys! Getting showered with all this praise is starting to make me feel a little embarrassed, but I really appreciate it!
Rui: Even we were stunned by your physical feats this time around.
Nene: Yeah. We knew that you were a great athlete, but you really never cease to amaze us.
Rin (WxS): I know, right?! I mean, the way you jumped around and just barely dodged all his attacks!
Rin (WxS): I wish I could do what you can. Have you been good at sports and stuff ever since you were little, Emu?
Emu: Hmm... I was the fastest runner at my elementary school!
Miku (WxS): Oh, we have a winner☆ I had a feeling you'd say that, Emu♪
KAITO (WxS): Yes, it's very easy to imagine.
Nene: Hehe. You're good at basically every sport, Emu, so I bet you do really well during P.E.
Emu: Hehe. I always liked taking on different roles during class, and I still do even today.
Len (WxS): Different roles?
Emu: Yeah! Like... Being the person who passes the ball or the goalkeeper!
Emu: I mean, if I ended up scoring all the goals or points, then others who want to wouldn't get that chance. They'd end up feeling really sad, right?
Emu: Which is why I like doing different things! So that everyone gets to have fun!
Rui: That's so kind of you, Emu.
Luka (WxS): Hehe. And I guess you've always been like this...
Emu: Huh?
Luka (WxS): It sounds like you've been doing everything you can since you were little to make sure those around you smile.
Rin (WxS): Yeah! I bet all the classes you've been in have been super fun and full of smiles♪
Tsukasa: I have to think you're right about that.
Rui: And we can't help but smile whenever we're with her. There's really never a dull moment.
Nene: Yeah, since she always manages to find a way to make things fun for everyone.
Emu: Hehe. Thanks, you guys.
Tsukasa: A great athlete who cares deeply about her team and knows how to lead them to victory...
Tsukasa: Imagine if you were born a few centuries earlier. You very well could have been Ushiwakamaru.
Nene: Yeah, I'm glad we decided to have you play him.
Emu: Thanks, me too!
Emu: Anyway! I'm gonna keep improving my acting skills!
Emu: And...
Emu: I'm gonna put even bigger smiles on everyone's faces!
Tsukasa: Yes, we'll be looking forward to that!
(Black cut)
