959_Emu Otori_R3 Beware Of Thieves! (event_136)

Gacha phrase: Watch out for anybody like this!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park]

Emu: Hehehehehe♪
Emu: I'm so glad they gave us permission to warn the guests about these thefts by putting on performances♪
Nene: Yeah, I'm glad the park gave us the green light too.
Tsukasa: Indeed! But what are we going to perform...?
Rui: Well, we want everyone to understand what's been going on, so we'll want to do something that's short and simple.
Emu: Yup yup! It's gotta be easy to understand above all else!
Emu: Oh, also... We need to try to remind them to stay calm if they do happen to run into the thief!
Nene: Stay calm, huh...?
Nene: Yeah, learning that people's things have been getting stolen would scare anyone...
Emu: Exactly. I know it's important to warn everyone about what's been going on, but I also want them to really enjoy their time here.
Rui: Hehe. It's very like you to come up with such a wonderful idea, Emu.
Tsukasa: I agree. We should do our best to not make them worry.
Tsukasa: So, something short, simple and easy to understand, but also fun and enjoyable...
Guests: Oh, did you hear?
Emu: Huh?
Guests: People's things have been disappearing. And it's apparently been happening quite a lot lately.
Guests: Oh, really? That's pretty scary...
Guests: I even heard that someone's things got stolen just yesterday. What if it happens again today...?
Guests: What?! Doesn't that mean the thief might be hiding in plain sight?
Emu: Oh...
Nene: People are already talking about it...
Rui: There isn't much anyone can do since word can spread so quickly like this.
Nene: Emu? Is something wrong...?
Emu: It's just...
Emu: I want those people to smile, you know...?
Emu: They came here wanting to have a fun time, so I don't want them to feel all sad and scared.
Tsukasa: Yes, I agree... I feel the same way.
Rui: Hehe. Then, why don't we try doing a quick skit for them right here...?
Rui: We'll have to improvise, but I have a feeling that it'll make things feel more real.
Emu: Yeah! I'm in!
Emu: Let's do an improv skit that'll make them smile and laugh!
Nene: Hehe. Okay... Let's give it a try.
Tsukasa: Then, let's quickly come up with some roles! Any ideas?
Emu: Then, I'll be the thief! You play the victim, Nene, and Rui can...
(Black cut)
Guests: Oh, these are so cute! Wanna buy some as souvenirs?
Guests: Yeah, okay! Oh, but we need to be careful since someone's been stealing everyone's things...
Guests: R-Right...! Then, maybe we should buy these later.
Emu's Voice (Emu): “Hah hah hah! I am the great thief, Emuemon Otori! All of your possessions are mine, young lady!”
Guests: Wait, what?!
Nene: “S-Stop! Thief!”
Emu: “Do you honestly think anyone would stop after hearing that?! If you want your things back, then come get them!”
Guests: Oh, is this supposed to be a skit...?
Guests: I recognize them from the posters. They're a part of the cast for the show that they were supposed to do today.
Nene: “Wh-What do I do...? I've already lost sight of her...”
Rui: “What's wrong? You seem very distraught.”
Nene: “Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Samurai, but my things just got stolen!”
Rui: “Wait, that's terrible. Can you tell me what this thief looked like?”
Nene: “She was about this tall, but very fast... Wait, that's her!!!”
Emu: “Oh no! You found me!”
Rui: “Freeze!”
Emu: “No! You aren't going to catch me so easily!”
Guests: Huh...?! She's coming this way!
Guests: Wh-What do we do...?!
Tsukasa: “Stop right there, thief! Did you really think you'd get away with this?”
Guests: Eep...! Someone's coming from behind!
Emu: “No, you're that detective! N-Not good!”
Tsukasa: “Heh. End of the line! You're under arrest!”
Rui: “The life of a criminal is seldom a long one. Now, it's time for you to face the music!”
Emu: “Nooo! A pincer move! I'm trapped!”
Guests: Haha. She's starting to panic!
Guests: I've never seen people do a skit so up close like this before. This is really fun.
Emu: “Grr...! Th-There's nothing I can do!”
Emu: Anyway, everyone, the moral of the story is that you need to be very careful with your belongings!
Nene: If you happen to witness a theft in progress, be sure to ask a nearby ronin or detective wearing a staff badge for help.
Rui: We promise to continue doing our best to keep you smiling and laughing, so please try to stay positive.
Tsukasa: Now then, we hope you enjoy the rest of your time here at Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park!
Rui: Nice work, everyone.
Nene: Phew... We did that skit completely on the fly, but everyone seemed to really enjoy it.
Emu: Yeah! I really hope it helps keep their spirits up!
Tsukasa: Actually, I think it's already having a positive effect. Look...!
Guests: That was meant to be a warning about all the thefts we've been hearing about, right?
Guests: I think so. But I ended up laughing for most of it.
Guests: Me too. And the staff will help us if anything does happen, so let's just try to have fun...!
Emu: ...! Thank goodness!
Emu: (Things are just so much better when everyone's smiling like this...)
Emu: (I mean, this park's meant to be a place where they get to have fun.)
Emu: Alright, let's keep up the momentum and keep doing more of these skits!!!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Mikazukigumi Practice Area]

Kijima: Sorry, everyone!
Kijima: I feel terrible about having our farewell party here since it's supposed to be a special occasion...
Tsukasa: No, that's not a problem!
Tsukasa: It isn't your fault that the place you usually go to was closed due to an emergency... We're just glad to be here!
Emu: Plus, we owe you and your troupe so much for letting us train here! This place has a special place in our hearts now!
Kijima: Thank you for saying that.
Kijima: Alright, then...
Kijima: Today, we have to say farewell to Wonderlands×Showtime! So, let's give them a proper send-off!
Kijima: Cheers!
Emu, Tsukasa, Rui & Nene: Cheeers! Cheers!
Kijima: On top of everything we got from the deli, we splurged on pizza and sushi! Feel free to have as much as you like!
Emu: Yay, pizza♪ Let's dig in!
Tsukasa: I'll have some as well! Ow, hot!
Nene: S-Slow down, you two. That pizza's still scalding hot.
Rui: Still, there's so much here. Chili prawns, Salisbury steaks, omelets, fried chicken... I don't know where to begin.
Emu: Oh, I'm gonna have some of this sushi next☆
Tsukasa: Wait, Emu, you've already finished eating that pizza?! But it's molten hot!
Emu: Hehe. It was so good that I had to gobble it up whole♪
(Black cut)
Nene: Phew... I'm stuffed...
Mikazukigumi Members: I'm glad you enjoyed everything. Here, have some tea.
Nene: Oh, thank you! I really appreciate it.
Kijima: But you two still seem hungry, Otori, Tenma...!
Emu: Yup! I've still got plenty of room left in my tummy!!!
Kijima: Hah hah hah! I like your spirit!
Rui: But we really need to thank you again for throwing us a farewell party like this.
Rui: We learned a lot from all of you. We owe you a great debt.
Kijima: No, we should also be thanking you. The performances we did together were so fun and eye-opening!
Kijima: And we certainly wouldn't have been able to catch the thief that was terrorizing Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park without all of you.
Mikazukigumi Members: He's right. We honestly couldn't believe it when we saw you up on top of that fire tower, Otori.
Emu: Wait, you saw me?!
Mikazukigumi Members: Just when we were thinking that it'd be nice to have an eye in the sky, we noticed you up there...
Kijima: That was a great idea! We wouldn't have been able to catch that thief without your plan, Otori.
Emu: Hehe. I'm glad I was able to help♪
Emu: But I didn't come up with that idea! A friend of mine did! I'll make sure to thank her the next chance I get!
Mikazukigumi Members: I see! Still, your vision must be really good since you were able to pick out individual people from that high up.
Nene: Yeah, it really is incredible...
Kijima: Right, I was also amazed by that! I didn't know anyone could see that far without using a pair of binoculars!
Emu: Hehe. My vision's always been super good!
Mikazukigumi Members: You're also really athletic, Otori.
Mikazukigumi Members: I know, right?! We thought we'd gotten used to that sort of thing looking at our leader, but you just kept finding new ways to surprise us...
Rui: Hehe. Emu's always surprising us as well.
Emu: Huh? Is that true?
Tsukasa: Yes. You're always somersaulting down from these tall trees!
Nene: And you dodged everyone's attacks with ease during our sword fighting practices. Plus, you're really fast.
Emu: Woohoo! Everyone's showering me with praise!
Tsukasa: There's more where that came from.
Rui: When we got stranded on that island, you were the first one to find us berries and bananas.
Mikazukigumi Members: S-Stranded...?
Kijima: Hah hah hah...! Sounds like you all had yourselves an interesting adventure!
Kijima: Shosuke told me a little about all of you, but you really are a fun bunch of kids.
Kijima: I wish we could spend some more time together since it really felt like you were constantly surprising us!
Emu: I wish we could stay longer too...!
Emu: You had me on the edge of my seat every time I saw you play a character, Mr. Kijima...
Emu: Now I really wanna learn how to put on those kinds of performances!
Kijima: That makes me really happy.
Kijima: As long as we all keep on acting, I'm sure we'll cross paths again someday.
Kijima: So, I'll be looking forward to the day we meet again!
Emu: Me too!
Emu: I'm gonna practice lots and lots to make sure I blow you guys away the next time we meet!!!
Kijima: Ah, we'll certainly be looking forward to that!
Emu: (They're all so nice... And I learned so much from them.)
Emu: (I have to make the most of what they taught me!)
Emu: (Because I wanna make as many people as I can smile from ear to ear!)
(Black cut)
