987_Emu Otori_R4 I'm The Meow-Meow Monster! (event_141)

Gacha phrase: Meow♪ Welcome to your test of courage!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Emu: Tapey-tapey-tape-tape, tapey-tape♪
Emu: Okay, our posters for volunteering to pull weeds are all up!
Emu: Hehe. I hope lots and lots of people decide to sign up... Wait, huh?
Student A: ...
Emu: (The girls outside the classroom are looking at our poster! Does that mean they're interested? If so...)
Emu's Voice (Emu): Hi there! Do you happen to be interested in volunteering...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Vacant Classroom]

Mafuyu: I see... You could only get one person to sign up?
Emu: Yes... So, combined with the people you got to sign up, that makes three in total...
Mafuyu: To be fair, you just put up that poster the day before yesterday.
Mafuyu: And feeling bad about ourselves won't solve anything, so why don't we keep trying to come up with new ideas?
Emu: Oh, you're right...! Let's see... Then, what if we...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Emu's Room]

Emu: Hmm...
Emu: (Asahina and I brainstormed a lot together, but we couldn't come up with any ideas that felt just right...)
Emu: (Honami helped make our poster really amazing by drawing all those great pictures for us, so anyone who spots it should be able to see how fun it's gonna be...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: Oh...
Emu: (What if they aren't...?)
Emu: (What if they can't see how making everything nice and squeaky-clean by pulling out all the weeds would be fun and make them feel really happy...?)
Emu: (But...)
Hinata's Voice: Emu, do you have a minute?
Emu: Oh, Sis?! Come on in!
Hinata: Sorry, I know it's late. I just got back from that trip and brought back some souvenirs for you. Here you go.
Emu: Wow...! It's one of those regionally-themed taiyaki keychains! I really love these☆
Emu: Thanks, Sis! Hehe. I wonder what color the paste inside it is♪
Hinata: Hehe. I'm glad you like it so much.
Hinata: Oh, what's that on your desk? A poster for something...?
Emu: Yeah, that's right...! I'm doing some volunteer work as a class rep!
Emu: I'm in the middle of trying to recruit more people to come pull weeds with me...
Hinata: And you're running into some trouble?
Emu: H-H-H-How did you know?!
Hinata: Hehe. It was written all over your face. You seemed a little down.
Hinata: Also, pulling weeds is usually very hard work. People must be thinking that having to do it in the heat would be incredibly exhausting.
Emu: I knew it...! Another class rep in the year above me said the same thing...
Hinata: So, how have you been trying to recruit people?
Emu: So, I've been putting up posters like this one... And talking to anyone who seems interested!
Emu: Whenever someone stops in front of one of our posters, I fly over towards them and tell them about how fun it's gonna be☆
Hinata: I see. You're trying to invite individual people who spot your posters...
Hinata: This is just my humble opinion, but I feel that it'd be better to try reaching out to a large group of them all at once.
Emu: All at once?
Hinata: Yes. For example, you could ask the teachers to see if they'll let you make an announcement in the morning or before school gets out.
Hinata: I know it's easier to get your message across to someone when you talk to them one-on-one, but it's also very time-consuming, no?
Hinata: Speaking to multiple people all at once should save you quite a lot of time. Plus, any who decide to sign up may try to convince their friends to do the same.
Emu: Oh...!
Emu: I never would've thought of that...
Emu: Hmm... Which means I've still got a lot to learn...
Hinata: There are many ways to go about an issue like this. And what I just said isn't necessarily the only solution.
Hinata: However, it's good that you're able to come up with so many ideas on your own. I'm sure you'll learn to see things from different angles as you keep gaining more and more experience.
Emu: Okay! I promise to keep trying...! Thanks for the advice, Sis!
Hinata: Do your best, class rep! I'll be rooting for you!
Emu: Hehe. I really appreciate it!
Emu: Alright, I'm gonna get lots and lots of people to volunteer to pull weeds with us!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shizuku Hinomori, Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Mountain]

Emu: (Alright, I'm all set and ready to scare! I wonder when the next group's gonna come♪)
Emu: (Oh, I hear footsteps! Ready, steady...)
Emu: Meooow!
Local Elementary Schooler A: Waaahhh! Y-You scared us...!
Emu: I'm the pink cat monster! Meow meow♪
Local Elementary Schooler B: Haha! That's really cute! I feel like we could be friends!
Local Elementary Schooler A: Does this mean we'll run into more cute monsters and stuff if we keep going?
Emu: Yup☆ My friends are all waiting for you guys!
Local Elementary Schooler C: Really?! Then, let's keep going!
Local Elementary Schooler A: Bye bye, pink cat monster!
Emu: Bye bye!
Emu: I'm so glad I was able to send those kids on their way with smiles on their faces♪
Emu: Heh heh heh... I'm gonna make the next group smile just as much☆
Emu: I'll hide behind this tree and... Whoa!
Emu: That was scary... I thought I was gonna get blown off the mountain!
???: Well, aren't you an adorable little monster.
Emu: Huh?
???: Hehe. Those children were a part of the final group.
Emu: Wait, really?! Thank you for letting me know, ma'am!
???: You're welcome. And your acting was spectacular. I actually decided to come over after hearing that I'd find some cute monsters and spirits here.
???: I loved all your outfits.
Emu: Really?! Thank you very much!
Emu: My friends and I made our costumes together☆ We wanted to make sure people who don't like being scared would also have fun!
???: Hehe. I see. I also heard some very lively voices in the afternoon. It's been quite a while since this place had so many visitors...
???: Also, it was nice to see the head priest with such a big smile on his face.
???: I've caused him quite a lot of trouble over the years, so I'm glad you were able to turn his frown upside down today. That made me very happy.
???: So, thank you...
Emu: Oh, hehe... I'm really glad we were able to help him!
???: Otori?
Emu: That voice... Hi, Asahina! Did you come to get me?
Emu: Ma'am, let's go... Whoa!
(White cut)
Emu: Hnng! Another big gust...! Are you okay, ma—
Emu: Huh...?
Emu: (Where'd that old lady go...? She was right next to me a second ago...)
Emu: (Oh, wait...)
Emu: (What if she's really fast?!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Diner]

Emu: Everyone! Thank you all for helping with our volunteer event the other day☆ Cheers♪
Everyone: Cheers. Cheers!
Emu: This mega fruit parfait looks so good! Let's dig in♪
Mizuki: Whoa! Emu's going to town on it!
Mafuyu: You ordered some shaved ice, Mochizuki?
Honami: Yes. It was very hot today, so I wanted to get something nice and cool...
Shizuku: Hehe. That reminds me of the shaved ice we handed out while we were pulling weeds.
Mizuki: Wait, you gave out shaved ice?! No fair! I totally would've wanted some!
Mizuki: *Sigh* Now I really regret not being there to pull weeds...
Mafuyu: But you were really active during the test of courage.
Shizuku: Yes. Not only did you do a wonderful job as a scarer, but those incredible costumes you made for us were very popular.
Honami: Especially Emu's costume. Everyone seemed to really love the pink cat monster.
Emu: Oh, the old lady I met on the mountain also said she thought my costume was cute!
Mizuki: Really? That's great. Now I'm really glad I put so much effort into them.
Shizuku: Hehe. Everyone also seemed to enjoy your acting performance, Otori...
Shizuku: I mean, you were so cute that I wouldn't be surprised if you ended up attracting some real ghosts.
Emu: What?! Real ghosts?!
Mizuki: Haha. Totally! There's a cemetery right next to that shrine, so she might be right.
Emu: Real ghosts...?! I would've loved to hear what they thought about me as a monster.
Mafuyu: Hehe. I'm sure they would've told you how cute and fun you were.
Mizuki: Yeah! Especially since the adorable costume that I'm so proud of was made even better by your acting, Emu♪
Mizuki: I've gotta think you would've made any ghost you came across smile from ear to ear!
Emu: Hehe. That'd be so great!
Emu: Oh, Hinomori, your yuki-onna costume was also really wonderhoy since you looked like the real thing☆ And I loved how you made it snow...
(Black cut)
