992_Emu Otori_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: Neighborhood Expedition Team, gather 'round!!!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Honami Mochizuki, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Neighborhood]

Emu: Neighborhood Expedition Team, gather 'round!!!
Everyone: Yeah! <Yeah!>
Emu: You know the drill, recruits! Today's mission is to look for fun! There's always excitement hiding in our very neighborhood☆
Rui: With you at the helm, Captain Emu, our success is assured.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! Leave everything to us!
Nene: Hey, don't scare the neighbors shouting like that.
Miku (WxS): <Hehe. This is so exciting! We get to be members of Emu's expedition team!>
Len (WxS): <I'm so glad that she invited us to her special birthday exploration!>
Rin (WxS): <You think we'll find amazing treasures or get to experience hair-raising adventures?>
Len (WxS): <Hehe, that's what I'm hoping for! We'll be following your lead, Captain Emu!>
Rin (WxS): <Hmm? Where did the Captain go? Emu?>
Tsukasa: Ah! You take your eyes off her for one second...!
KAITO (WxS): <The Captain is over there. It seems she's already found something.>
Emu: Over here, everyone! I've found our first fun of the day!
Nene: She has so much energy...
Rui: It seems she's been looking forward to today's expedition very much.
Tsukasa: Well, we certainly mustn't allow ourselves to fall behind!
Tsukasa: Well done, Captain! What have you found for us?
Emu: Look! A cicada!
Tsukasa: Gah! A bug?!
Tsukasa: AHHH! Stop right there, Emu! Don't you dare bring that thing any closer!
Emu: Don't worry, Tsukasa! These ones sound really cute when they sing☆
Tsukasa: That does not put me at ease whatsoever!!!
Tsukasa: Listen to me, Emu! Place that cicada back on the tree, veeery carefully, and don't provoke it!
Tsukasa: Before I lose my nerve entirely and run away!!!
Nene: You don't have to be that honest about it.
Rui: A true cry of anguish, indeed...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: To think I would face such tribulations so early in the day...
MEIKO (WxS): <Hehe. Looks like we got our hair-raising adventure already! Or at least, Tsukasa did.>
Luka (WxS): <Oh, how wonderful. I would also... Love to... Zzz...>
Len (WxS): <Come on, Luka! It's not much of an expedition if you sleep through it!>
Emu: Look, everyone! Check this out!
Tsukasa: W-What is it this time?!
Emu: That cafe over there came out with a new menu!
Emu: They have autumn eggplant Bolognese, and mushroom spaghetti! Ooh, and pumpkin gratin!
Miku (WxS): <Ooh, that sounds so good! I would love to try the gratin!>
Rin (WxS): <They have chestnut cake, too! Those chestnuts on top are so round and cute☆>
Nene: Haha. Everything's a new discovery when you're with Emu, isn't it?
Rui: True. But it can be fun making adventures out of things you normally wouldn't look twice at.
KAITO (WxS): <Speaking of, cicadas like the one Emu found earlier are most active around the end of summer, right?>
Len (WxS): <Oh, right! And all those items on the cafe's special menu are seasonal, too!>
Rui: Perhaps Emu is feeling the changing of the seasons, in her own way.
Nene: When you put it that way, “neighborhood exploration” is a pretty neat hobby.
Emu's Voice (Emu): Aaah! Everyone! Come over here!
Miku (WxS): <What is it?!>
Tsukasa: What have you found this time... Ack?!
Tsukasa: I beg your pardon?!
Ichika: O-Otori...
Kohane: H-Hello...
Emu: Good wonderhoy! What are you three up to?
Honami: Oh, um, just doing some errands...!
Emu: That's nice! Did you buy those on your errands too?
Kohane: Ah...!
Emu: Look at all the party hats! And funny-shaped glasses! And big party poppers, too!
Ichika: Um, those are...
Tsukasa: They're... Right! Props for your shows, yes?!
Nene: R-Right! That must be it. Right?!
Ichika: Huh?
Honami, Ichika & Kohane: Ah!
Ichika: R-Right! We use all sorts of things for our shows!
Kohane: T-That's right. And I'm helping them, since they had to buy a lot.
Emu: Wooow... So, these glasses with the fake moustache are for your show too? That's so fun!
Honami: We thought it might help us make our interactions with the audience more fun.
Nene: You did say you were looking to work some humor in, right, Hoshino?
Ichika: R-Right, now that we are pros and all...!
Honami: Oh, I just remembered! We have another stop to make! So sorry, everyone!
Emu: Okay! Good luck on your show!
Tsukasa: W-We made it through, somehow...
Emu: What an amazing discovery we made!
Emu: I wonder what kind of show it's going to be! I'd love to go see it♪
Emu: Hehehe☆ Onward to the next discovery!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Emu: Where's our next big discovery hiding? Hmmm... I know! That way!
Tsukasa: W-W-W-Wait!
Tsukasa: Let's...not go in that direction.
Emu: Huh? Why not?
Tsukasa: Because... Well! Because it is simply not very exciting!
Rui: There isn't much in that direction but the park, after all.
Nene: I agree! I passed through there yesterday, and there wasn't anything interesting around.
Emu: But there might be today! Something big and wonderful, packed with smiles, might be waiting for us☆
Emu: As long as we're all together, I'm sure we'll find something fun♪ Neighborhood Expedition Team, set sail!!
Tsukasa: W-Wait, wait! Stop right there!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shibuya Park]

Minori: Okay... This time it'll work for sure!
Minori: Behold, an ordinary, everyday newspaper! But if I pour in some of this milk... Look!
Minori: Just like that, the milk has vanished! Your applause, please!
Saki: Wow! That was amazing, Minori! You did it!
Shiho: No, look there. You can see it sogging through the paper.
Minori: What?! But I thought I did it perfectly this time!
Haruka: Haha. Don't worry. Just a little more practice, and you'll have it ready for the real thing.
Emu: Yeah! Next time it'll be a super-duper magical success for sure!
Minori: Hehe, thanks, Emu.
Minori: Emu?!
Saki, Haruka & Shiho: Huh?!
Tsukasa: Huff... Huff... Huff... We were too late...!
Saki: Ts-Tsukasa?! What are you doing here?!
Tsukasa: Forgive me, Saki! We tried, but in the end we couldn't redirect Emu...
Emu: Huh? Tsukasa, you knew Saki and the others were here?
Tsukasa: Ack! No, I know nothing! I know not a single thing!
Emu: Really...?
Emu: But magic sure is fun, huh☆ Are you putting on a magic show with everyone?
Saki: Urk...
Minori: Oh, um...
Rui: A magic show! What a wonderful idea. It's certainly rewarding to practice on your own, but it's best to perform for others.
Saki: T-That's right! I've gotten really into stage magic lately!
Saki: Remember? We did magic together at the Seaside School!
Saki: I just couldn't forget how much fun it was! I thought it would be even better to do it with everyone!
Haruka: That really was impressive, after all.
Shiho: Yeah. So, that's what it is.
Emu: That's so great! I'd love to do more magic too.
Minori: Then let's do it again sometime! I'll be sure to practice a lot!
Emu: Yay! It's a promise☆ I'm looking forward to it already!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Miyamasuzaka)
Emu: Another amazing discovery! I didn't know everyone was so interested in magic!
Nene: Right... That definitely was a shock...
Rui: I think it should be just about time, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Oh, is it that time already? Indeed, it should be fine...
Emu: What's going on?
Rui: There's a place we would very much like to explore with you, Emu. Would you be willing to indulge our curiosity?
Emu: Oh! That means it's Rui's turn to be captain! Let's go find that excitement!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Nonogi Park]

Emu: Captain Rui! Is this our next exploration zone?!
Emu: Hmmm? Look over there...
Airi: Oh?
Emu: It is! It's Airi and everyone!
Emu: Your lunches look so tasty! Are you having a picnic?
Airi: Something like that! We're about to have a party.
Shizuku: We've just been waiting for the star to arrive.
Airi: Yup. But she just got here, so now we can start!
Emu: She did?
Saki: Ah, look! They beat us here!
Ichika: Hello, everyone. We brought the party goods.
Kohane: It looks like everything's ready to go.
Haruka: Our practice ended up working out in the end, too.
Emu: Huh? Everyone?
Rui: All the performers have taken their marks. Now, let the curtain rise!
Emu: Whoa! Something flew up into the sky! Was that your fwooshy thing, Rui?
Shizuku: Can you read the banner under the drone for us, Otori?
Emu: Huh? Oh! There's something written on there! Umm... “Happy Birthday, Emu”?
Everyone: Happy birthday!!!
Emu: Huh?! Wait, you mean, the star of the party...?!
Tsukasa: That should be obvious! Who could be the star today but you, Emu!
Honami: I'm sorry things were a little awkward earlier.
Kohane: We were buying things for the party, so we were really nervous.
Ichika: It was a surprise party, after all.
Emu: Oh! So that's what it was!
Haruka: We sort of panicked, too. We didn't expect you to find us, Otori.
Saki: I even told you not to go to that park, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: I can only beg your forgiveness!
Emu: So, does that mean your magic practice...?
Minori: We thought you'd like seeing some magic tricks at your party!
Shiho: We know you like this kind of thing, after all.
Emu: You did all that for me?!
Saki: I'm glad you're already having fun, Emu, but don't jump the gun!
Nene: Right. The party's only just gotten started.
Tsukasa: Now then, let's celebrate! Here's to the very pillar of Wonderlands×Showtime!
Emu: Everyone...! Oh, I'm so, so happy! Thank you so much for such a wonderhoy party!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000351/bg_s000351.png)
Ichika: Happy birthday, Otori!
Honami & Kohane: Happy birthday!
Kohane: The party was so much fun!
Honami: I'm so glad you enjoyed all those party props we bought.
Ichika: Tsukasa said you would love them, and he was right on the mark. I didn't expect you to like the moustache glasses most of all, though.
Kohane: Haha. I took lots of photos, so I'll send them over later.
Saki: Happy birthday, Emu! I'm so glad you enjoyed our magic show.
Minori: I even got the newspaper trick to work!
Shiho: It did still leak a little, though.
Minori: Huh?! Really?! And I thought I did so well...
Haruka: But since Emu liked it so much, it was worth all the time we spent practicing.
Saki: Yeah! And we promised to do more magic together later. I'm looking forward to the next time we hang out♪
Airi: Happy birthday, Emu!
Shizuku: Happy birthday.
Airi: I'm glad you liked the lunch Shizuku and I made. Thanks for really digging in!
Shizuku: You were right to suggest that taiyaki, too, Airi. Emu had such a lovely smile on her face!
Airi: Her expressions are always so great that it makes you almost just as happy watching her.
Shizuku: Hehe. May you have another healthy, energetic year. Let's have a meal together again sometime!
Akito: Hey, I heard it's your birthday, Otori. You're probably sick of hearing it by now, but you know... Have a good one.
Toya: Happy birthday, Otori. It sounds as though you enjoyed your day exploring with Tsukasa and the others. I hope you'll consider inviting me on your next expedition.
Toya: And it would be fun to play games together again, too. If you would like, please also invite Kusanagi.
Ena: Happy birthday, Emu!
Kanade, Mafuyu & Mizuki: Happy birthday!
Ena: I heard all about it from Airi and the others. It sounds like it was a great party.
Ena: She did say the surprise almost got out a few times, and everyone panicked a little.
Mizuki: They must have been freaking out! But still, what a fun-sounding party!
Kanade: I'm sure it was a very lively one.
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Otori. I would love to speak more with you, at the student council or any other time.
Tsukasa: Once more! Happy birthday, Emu!
Nene & Rui: Happy birthday.
Tsukasa: It took quite a lot of coordination, so I'm as pleased as punch you loved our surprise party!
Nene: Things came so close to falling apart. Why did we have to run into basically everyone...?
Rui: Emu's fun radar is no slouch, after all. We should have expected it.
Tsukasa: Regardless, as they say, all's well that ends well!
Rui: Haha, that's true. Let's continue to strive for that level of fun and excitement in all we do.
Nene: Yeah. Emu, let's keep working hard together.
Tsukasa: Right! Let us shine as bright as we can upon the stage, together! I'll be counting on you!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Everyone! Thank you for celebrating my birthday with me!
Emu: We went out on an expedition, and found so many friends, and sooo much fun☆
Emu: Oh! I'd love to go on an expedition with everyone who celebrated with me today! I'll send out the invitations now!
Emu: See you later, everyone! Won-won-wonderhoy!!!
(White cut)
