1035_Emu Otori_R4 Dream Study Session? (event_149)

Gacha phrase: Everyone... It's study time...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Emu's Room]

Emu: The Morinomiya Revue was so cool!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: Their theatre was so big and sparkly, and their rehearsal rooms were put together just right♪
Emu: And then there's the Morinomiya Music Academy!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Arita: So, during this visit, you'll all be training with the Morinomiya Music Academy.
Tsukasa: What...?! We get to take lessons at the Morinomiya Music Academy?!
Emu: Hey, I've heard of that school! It's where everyone studies to become members of the Morinomiya Revue, right?
Rui: That's right. Several hundred apply to enroll each year, but they're competing for around thirty spots.
Rui: Only those who are accepted can apply to become members of the Morinomiya Revue. In other words, they're the best of the best.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: I knew that you had to enroll in their school in order to become a full member, but getting to study there is so cool.
Emu: It would've been great to learn more about singing and acting with the others!
Emu: But! I need to learn as much as I can about how they run things!
Emu: Because they're incredibly popular, and have been loved by all sorts of people for over a hundred years!
Emu: Hehe. That means I need to learn how to make it so Phoenix Wonderland is loved by everyone ten thousand years from now!
Emu: So, in order to do that♪
Emu: I'll return to their website! And continue reading about the history of the Morinomiya Revue☆
Emu: (My plan was to learn all about them before we went...)
Emu: (But a hundred years of history is a ton of stuff, and I couldn't get through it all in time.)
Emu: But I'm halfway through, so I've gotta do my best to read the rest today! Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
Emu: Phew... I'm finally done...
Emu: Oh, but I crammed a lot of information into my head today, so I should probably start again from the beginning and... Yawn...
Emu: Huh...? I'm starting to feel really sleepy all of a sudden... What time is it...?
Emu: Whoa, it's already snack time.
Emu: But I brushed my teeth already. Mr. Chef's already asleep, so I can't ask him to make something for me... Yaaawn...
Emu: Hehe. I feel like ice cream that's melting away...
Emu: Then... Oh, I'll try holding my notebook while I sleep. That might help me dream about what I learned today.
Emu: But does that mean I'm gonna be learning alone in my dream...?
Emu: It'd be great to have Nene and the others there with me...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: Huh...? When did I get back to Morinomiya?
Nene: Oh, Emu. I know it's early, but you gotta wake up.
Emu: Huh?! Nene?! Tsukasa?! Rui?!
Emu: What are you guys doing here?! I brushed my teeth, was about to have my three-o'clock snack and... Wait, huh?
Tsukasa: What are you saying? We're here to learn together, aren't we?
Rui: We mentioned how we'd like to learn more about the operational side of things with you, because we don't have any lessons today, didn't we?
Emu: Really?! That's perfect! I really wanna learn with you guys!
Tsukasa: Again, that's why we're here.
Nene: Yeah, we gotta go, or we're gonna be late.
Emu: Right...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: Hehe... Mhm...
Emu: Everyone... It's study time...
Emu: Zzz... Zzz...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Len)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: Hmm...
Len (WxS): Hmm...
Emu: Mmm...
Len (WxS): Mmm...
Rui: Why don't you two sit and rest for a bit?
Tsukasa: You both saw what Nene said, right? She should be here soon.
Emu: Yeah, but!
Len (WxS): We wanna know how her audition went!
Emu & Len: Owwy...!
Rui: Oh, that looked like it hurt.
Tsukasa: You two need to learn to sit still.
Emu: But! Before Nene contacted us, Tsukasa, you were all like...
Emu: “What's taking her so long...? Did something happen...?” Your brow was all furly-burlied! Am I wrong?!
Tsukasa: Hey, you can do a better impersonation of me than that. And what do you mean “furly-burlied”...?
Rui: I think she means you had a rather serious look on your face. And I actually liked that impression. It captured the key points rather well.
Emu: Yay♪ Rui praised me☆
Len (WxS): That's great, Emu! Lemme try... Oh!
Emu: Oh, Nene's here!
Nene: Sorry I'm late... I wanted to talk to one of my classmates about something.
Emu: That's fine! We've been on pins and needles this entire time!
Nene: Wait, that seems like the opposite of fine.
Emu: Hehe. Len and I literally bumped into each other after pacing around back and forth. But we're both okay now...
Emu: Wait, Nene...
Nene: Hm?
Emu: Umm... Your eyes look a little red...
Nene: Was it that obvious...?
Nene: I was talking to my classmate for a while, so I thought they'd have cleared up by now...
Emu: Nene...
Nene: But I need to tell you guys how I did. That's what you've all been waiting for, after all.
Nene: I failed.
Nene: I'm really sorry. After you guys gave me all the help you did...
Nene: I did everything I could to prepare, and gave it my all. That much I know for sure.
Nene: But it wasn't good enough.
Emu: (She seems so frustrated...)
Emu: (I mean, I'd be too... I have to think she practiced lots and lots by herself and stuff...)
Emu: (But what do I say in this kind of situation...?)
Nene: But I'm okay.
Emu: Huh...?
Nene: Because I'm gonna work harder than ever before to become a singer and actress who can outdo all her peers.
Nene: That includes winning the roles I want to play.
Len (WxS): Nene...
Emu: Whoa...! Nene, that was so cooool!
Nene: Huh? It was?
Emu: Yeah! Your eyes were super sharp and sparkly!
Rui: Hehehe. Super sharp and sparkly indeed.
Tsukasa: Yes, even I understood what she meant just now by super sharp and sparkly!
Nene: Alright, can you guys stop saying that now?
Emu: Hehe...!
Emu: (I've gotta keep learning more and more!)
Emu: (In order to make it so Phoenix Wonderland is loved by as many people as the Morinomiya Revue!)
(Black cut)
