1128_Emu Otori_R4 Helping You Show Thanks (event_159)

Gacha phrase: I'll give you all the help you need!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Shiho Hinomori, Emu Otori)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Emu: Humhumhumm♪ So excited about our shadowing☆
Saki: What do you think we're gonna get to do?! How cool would it be to help out with an event or something?
Shiho: Aren't you two getting a little ahead of yourselves? We still don't know if we actually got spots with them.
Emu: *Gasp*
Shiho: What's wrong?
Emu: The company being advertised on that building's sign was also on the list of companies.
Saki: Oh, I think you're right. Your eyes are so sharp, Emu!
Emu: Hehe. I knew I'd seen them before somewhere!
Emu: But I also recognized some of the other companies from that list. Why do you think that is?
Shiho: Is it possible that they're a part of the Otori Group? I know it's a big conglomerate that does a lot of other things besides running an amusement park.
Emu: Oh, right...! I think I heard my brothers talking about them!
Emu: Still, it's kinda hard for me to tell what they actually do...
Shiho: I mean, isn't that pretty common?
Emu: I guess...
Emu: (I'm learning as much as I can right now for the sake of Phoenix Wonderland...)
Emu: (But I'm trying to learn how to operate a business. I should learn as much as I can about everything I can!)
Emu: (I'll try asking Keisuke and Shosuke when I get home!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Keisuke: —is how many guests we're expecting to receive this month, based on the data from last month.
Shosuke: These figures aren't bad, but I feel like we're hitting a ceiling.
Keisuke: I agree. On the other hand, the park's satisfaction rating is showing a consistent upward trend. If things continue along this track...
Emu: Uhh... Sorry, you guys! Do you two have a minute?
Keisuke: Hm? Oh, Emu. How can we help you?
Emu: So, our school is having us participate in this work research shadowing program...
(Black cut)
Shosuke: Interesting... You get to visit an actual company and receive hands-on work experience? That should be fun.
Emu: Yeah, and we're allowed to choose from this list of companies! Are any of them part of the Otori Group?
Keisuke: Let's have a look...
Keisuke: Yes, a few. Five in total if you include our affiliates. These ones here.
Emu: Wait, that many?!
Shosuke: I mean, we keep our fingers in more than a few pies, after all.
Shosuke: But if you're here asking us about our group's companies, then does that mean you're interested in visiting them?
Emu: No, I've already made my choice! I'm gonna visit a company called HeartUp Creation.
Shosuke: HeartUp Creation?
Emu: They're an event planning company! They run stage performances and town revitalization events and all sorts of other things!
Emu: This company must come up with lots and lots of fun ideas to make sure their guests enjoy themselves. So, I wanna learn about how they think and operate!
Shosuke: Sounds fine to me. That viewpoint should help you down the road.
Keisuke: I agree. This is a valuable opportunity, so be sure to make the most of it.
Shosuke: Still, if you already had your mind set on a place, why ask about our group's companies?
Emu: Because I wanna learn about as many different companies as I can!
Emu: They might not have anything to do with how Phoenix Wonderland is run, but learning how they all think might help me in the future!
Keisuke: I see. Your diligence is admirable.
Keisuke: In that case, would you like to learn more about these companies right now? I'd be happy to give you a general overview.
Emu: You mean it?!
Emu: Oh, but...
Emu: Actually, I'll pass for now!
Emu: I think doing my own research and asking you about what I learn would be better for me!
Shosuke: Well, well, listen to you.
Emu: Hehe♪
Keisuke: Then, instead of limiting yourself to our group, you should go out there and learn about as many companies as you can.
Keisuke: Especially the ones you're planning on visiting.
Emu: Right!
Emu: I promise to learn lots and lots about everything I can!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Emu Otori)

[White Day]

[Emu's Room]

Emu: Hehe♪ Our White Day party was so much fun!
Emu: I'm really glad that Miku and the others liked the cards I made for them☆
Emu: (I hope my remaining cards are received the same way.)
Emu: (Mom and Dad won't be home until late, but Sis and the others should be home by dinner...)
Emu: So, I'll give them their cards then! Now I really can't wait for dinner☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Emu: Dinnertime♪ Dinnertime♪ I wonder what we're having tonight!
Hinata: Hehe. You seem to be in a good mood, Emu.
Emu: Oh, Sis! I have something for you!
Hinata: Oh, for me?
Emu: Yup! Here you are☆ I made this card just for you!
Hinata: Wow, this is so adorable...! The whole card looks just like a flower field.
Emu: Hehe... I really love how you always have a cheerful smile on your face!
Emu: So I decided to use plenty of pretty stickers and masking tape to make a flower field that's just as happy and smiley as you!
Hinata: Thank you, Emu. I don't know what to say.
Hinata: You gave me those cute chocolates for Valentine's Day, and now you're giving me this beautiful card for White Day.
Emu: Hehe. I'm glad you like it so much!
Emu: The thing is, I got to help out with a White Day event where everyone made their own thank you cards.
Emu: I got to watch a bunch of people pour their feelings into their very own, one-of-a-kind cards.
Emu: That's why I decided to make a card for you, Sis. Packed full of all my gratitude and love!
Hinata: Emu...
Hinata: You're always such a ray of sunshine for me, Emu. I hope you know I'm always here for you if you need me.
Hinata: Hehe... Still, you beat me to the punch.
Emu: Huh?
Hinata: I also prepared a White Day gift for you. I'll give it to you after dinner, okay?
Emu: Really...? Thanks, Sis! I can't wait to see what it is!
Shosuke: *Sigh* It's finally time for dinner. I'm famished after all those meetings...
Emu: Oh, you guys are back!
Keisuke: Hm? Were you looking for us?
Emu: Hehe. Guess what?
Emu: Here you are, Shosuke, Keisuke!
Emu: I want to thank you for helping me and the others pursue our dreams, Shosuke.
Emu: And I want to thank you for always giving me such great advice, Keisuke!
Keisuke: Wait, these cards...
Keisuke: Are these White Day gifts?
Shosuke: They're pretty elaborate. They each have a completely different design to them... Did you make these yourself?
Emu: Yup! I drew lots of pictures that I knew would make you guys smile from ear to ear☆
Shosuke: Oh, that explains why there's the Phoenix Coaster and some corn dogs on mine.
Keisuke: I see. Mine has a Ferris wheel and some deep-fried mackerels.
Shosuke: Wait, fried mackerels...? I guess you do like them a lot, but still.
Keisuke: Still, these are a fine expression of your feelings, and wonderful presents to receive. Thank you, Emu.
Shosuke: Yeah, true. Thanks.
Emu: You're welcome!
Emu: Hehe. Now I can't wait to give Mom and Dad their cards☆
Keisuke: Oh, they won't make it in time for dinner, but they did say that they'll try to come home as quickly as they can.
Emu: Really?! Woohoo!
Shosuke: Anyway, why don't we start eating?
Keisuke: Shosuke and I asked the chef to prepare some special dishes as a way to thank you both for the Valentine's Day gifts that you gave us.
Emu: What?! Special dishes?
Hinata: I wonder what he made? I'm excited already!
Emu: Yeah! Thanks, you guys!
(Black cut)
