1156_Emu Otori_R4 Clear-Eyed To The Future (event_164)

Gacha phrase: This is our proposal.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Morinomiya Revue - Office]

Management Staff Member: ...which makes this a crucial point.
(Background change)
Len (WxS): <We thought she might be feeling lonely studying management all by herself...>
Len (WxS): <But Emu's really working hard.>
Rin (WxS): <Yeah, she's listening so closely...!>
(Background change)
Management Staff Member: Next, I'd like to discuss how the revue makes contributions to society.
Emu: Okay! I'm listening!
(Background change)
Len (WxS): <Still, it really is just Emu.>
Rin (WxS): <Is the person talking someone from the revue?>
(Background change)
Management Staff Member: One of the ways we follow through on our mission statement is by helping our surrounding communities.
Emu: Surrounding communities...? Do you mean the ones in this city? The one where the Morinomiya Revue is located?
Management Staff Member: Yes. We have been able to exist for this long because of the support of the locals, and we're always doing our best to return the favor.
Emu: I see...
Emu: (Phoenix Wonderland also works with the communities surrounding it from time to time...)
Emu: (But I wonder what Morinomiya does...)
Emu: Oh, I have a question! How does Morinomiya engage with the locals?
Management Staff Member: Excellent question. We participate in local events, and even put on performances at elementary and junior high schools.
Emu: Local events...?
Management Staff Member: Hehe. I was only going to give a quick explanation here, but I feel that I should provide you with more details now.
Emu: Huh?
Management Staff Member: You were listening so closely to what I had to say just now. I'll bring over some documents detailing what we do a little later.
Emu: Wow! Thank you very much!
(Background change)
Rin (WxS): <Emu seems so cool right now...!>
Len (WxS): <Yeah, I'm really impressed! She's taking lots of notes and asking all these great questions...>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Management Staff Member: That's everything as far as our contributions to society go. Do you have any further questions?
Emu: No further questions. Thank you very much for being so thorough with me!
Management Staff Member: My plan is to next have you actually help out backstage, but let's take a break first. Please meet me outside of the theatre in thirty minutes.
Emu: Okay! I'll be looking forward to our next activity!
Emu: Alright, during my break, I gotta review everything I just learned.
Emu: Let's see...
???: <Hey, Emu.>
Emu: Hi, Len, Rin! What's up?
Rin (WxS): <We came over to see how your studies are going.>
Len (WxS): <Management sounds really hard, but you seem to be having a lot of fun.>
Emu: Yeah, things have been really fun!
Emu: You guys know how the people in management work really hard behind the scenes to make the company's most precious goals a reality, right?
Emu: I've been learning so many new things that I want to figure out how to think like they do.
Emu: Even when we were talking just now about making contributions to society, I learned that what they do is way different from what Phoenix Wonderland does.
Len (WxS): <Hehe. We saw you asking all those questions.>
Emu: Hehehe. Some of the things they do seemed really fun, so I wanna see if we can give them a try.
Emu: Both our companies do stuff with the locals, but we mostly just do simple public engagement events...
Emu: While Morinomiya places a lot of value on going around and doing full-on shows for people.
Emu: Putting on shows in a bunch of different places like we did with those ambassadorial performances would be a great way to get lots of different people to talk about the park...
Emu: Wait, maybe that won't work. The troupes have to practice and do shows almost every day already...
Emu: Still, I wanna come up with a fun idea that'll make the locals and everybody at the park smile.
Rin (WxS): <So, we were a little worried about you having to study all by yourself...>
Len (WxS): <But I guess our worries were misplaced, since you're obviously having a lot of fun!>
Emu: Hehe. I'm totally fine! I really am having fun learning about all these different things!
Len (WxS): <Yeah, we could tell just by watching!>
Rin (WxS): <Oh, can you tell us more about what you've been learning?!>
Emu: Sure! Let's see... The other day, I learned about...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Morinomiya Revue - Courtyard]

Emu: Huh? Everyone from the crowd is basically gone now. When did that happen?
Tsukasa: We have been talking for quite a while now about how great the new Kikyogumi is...
Byakkomachi: I really appreciate you all telling me what you thought. It's always nice to hear directly from the audience like this.
Byakkomachi: This is just the start of a new journey, but I plan to continue down this path with confidence and turn our idea into the correct solution.
Nene: *Nod* We'll be rooting for you.
Nene: While we're on the subject, Emu, you helped come up with this idea, right? You've only told us bits and pieces until now. Can you tell us more about how you contributed?
Emu: How I contributed?
Tsukasa: Yes, since you did just pull off something rather spectacular. I'd also like to hear more about what you did.
Rui: Me as well. This has everything to do with management, so I'm sure that it wasn't easy.
Emu: No, it wasn't...
Emu: It was really challenging. No matter how hard I tried, I struggled to come up with good ideas.
Byakkomachi: Especially since saving Kikyogumi from being disbanded meant coming up with an idea that didn't hurt their revenue or the quality of their performances.
Byakkomachi: But none of this would have been possible without Otori's help.
Emu: No, you did all the work in terms of making it actually possible! I never would've been able to do that all by myself.
Rui: I see. In other words, you both contributed equally to this idea.
Nene: And you presented it to the board, Byakkomachi?
Byakkomachi: Yes, Otori and I did.
Tsukasa: Together...? Wait, Emu, you were also there?
Emu: Yup! I helped present our idea to the board!
Nene: What...?
Tsukasa: Emu? Giving a big presentation...?
Tsukasa: I have to think it went like...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: Dun da-da-dun! Everybody, eyes on me!
Emu: Today's presentation is going to be so much fun!
Emu: Because I came up with an idea that's gonna make everybody smile from ear to ear!
Emu: And I'm sure it'll make the entire board smile in the same way!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: Upbeat and cheerful is what comes to mind.
Nene: S-Same...
Tsukasa: Was there any trouble...?
Byakkomachi: She was visibly nervous before we got started, but she ended up doing an incredibly good job.
Byakkomachi: She presented all of the key points in a very digestible and dignified manner.
Nene: Digestible and dignified...?
Byakkomachi: But she also did a good job of making an emotional appeal. The board responded very well to that.
Byakkomachi: She got them to hear her out and think about our idea seriously, and moved their hearts in a fairly obvious way.
Tsukasa: Emu? Giving a moving speech...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: Everyone! What Kikyogumi needs to worry about the most right now is being wonderhoy!
Emu: They should be putting on wonderhoy performances that make everyone feel really wonderhoy...
Emu: As long as they do that, then I'm sure this plan will end up succeeding!
Board Members: Wonderhoy... Yes, I'd forgotten all about that sensation...
Board Members: Me too. We used to be all about making people feel wonderhoy.
Emu: Then, so that you don't forget again... Let's all remind ourselves what it really means to feel wonderhoy!
Emu: Ready?! One, two, three!
Emu: Wonderhoy!
Board Members: Wonderhoy!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: I-I see...
Rui: I have a feeling that what really happened is starkly different from what we're imagining.
Nene: Way different. There's no way we're right.
Emu: What's wrong, you guys?
Tsukasa: Ah, sorry. We just don't seem to have the imagination necessary to accurately predict what actually happened...
Nene: Yeah. But the fact that you actually convinced the board with your presentation is really amazing...
Emu: Actually, I have to thank my brothers for that.
Nene: Your brothers?
Emu: Yup! I wanted to give a moving presentation that made our intentions clear.
Emu: So, I asked them to train me!
Rui: I see. We had no idea.
Emu: Hehe♪ I knew that I had to learn how to sooner or later... And I practiced giving it a bunch of times.
Nene: I see. You really did your best, huh...?
Tsukasa: *Nod* It's still hard to imagine how you actually pulled this off, but the results you achieved speak for themselves.
Rui: I agree. I'm also glad that your hard work ended up paying off, Emu.
Nene: Nice work, Emu.
Emu: Thanks, you guys...!
Emu: I'm gonna work even harder moving forward... To learn more about management, and get better at giving presentations too!
(Black cut)
