1170_Emu Otori_R4 At A Stage Full Of Smiles (event_167)

Gacha phrase: They look like they're having so much fun☆

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Nonogi Park]

Emu: Ahhh, that was so much fun!!!
Emu: And everyone else watching had such big smiles on their faces!
Tsukasa: Yes, this musical definitely lived up to the hype!
Rui: A comedy about an evening in the world of witches.
Rui: In order to draw the audience into the story, they created an intricate world and reflected that in the set and costumes. To put it in one word, it was fantastic...!
Nene: The songs also left a big impression. Each one had memorable lyrics and a catchy melody.
Emu: Their dance routines were really fun too! When all the witches appeared together during that one scene, I almost stood up to dance with them♪
Tsukasa: I know what you mean! That scene included an almost overwhelming number of dances, but they were such wonderful expressions of the witches' feelings that my heart began to soar!
Emu: Mine too! I think it went something like this...!
Emu: Tap-tappity-tap-tap♪
Rui: Oh, you memorized it after just watching it once?
Emu: Hehe! I paid really close attention because I wanted to try dancing it!
Tsukasa: Nicely done, Emu! Next, what follows should be...
Emu: Yup yup! A mishap occurs during their meeting, so their dancing gets all panicked!
Nene: That dance really made things feel hectic. I loved how they were sorta all over the place.
Rui: Yes. I'm impressed by your memory as well, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: It was a very striking scene! That being said, I can't say that I remember every individual step.
Tsukasa: I think you're supposed to raise your knee high while stepping and then...
Nene: Didn't they do side steps or something? Also, some moves that hip hop dancers do.
Rui: Yes, and...
Emu: (Hehe. I invited them to come see this musical with me on really short notice...)
Emu: (But talking about shows with them is just so much fun!)
Emu: (Oh, that reminds me! The dance that the heroine did...)
Nene: Wait, are we just gonna keep talking here...?
Emu: Huh?
Tsukasa: Hmm... Yes, the sun is already starting to set.
Rui: Time does fly when you're having fun. Why don't we resume this conversation at a later date?
Emu: Oh...
Emu: (Right. It's getting dark, so I guess that means it's time for us to say bye bye to each other...)
Emu: (But...)
Tsukasa: Emu...? Is something wrong?
Emu: Not yet...
Nene: Huh?
Emu: I don't wanna go home yet!
Emu: I wanna keep talking with you guys! Please! Just for a little bit longer!
Emu: Could we...?
Tsukasa: Well, I think we have our hands tied now...
Tsukasa: In that case, I'll let my family know that I'll be staying out a bit longer.
Nene: Me too.
Emu: ...! You mean it?!
Nene: Yeah. To be honest, I also wanna keep talking about it.
Tsukasa: Me too. If we're going to talk, we should do so while it's still fresh in our minds.
Rui: There should be a diner just nearby. Why don't we talk there?
Emu: Thanks, you guys!
Nene: We want to talk too, so don't thank us.
Emu: Hehehe...
Emu: Then, let's head over to that diner♪
Tsukasa: Hey, Emu, wait! You need to let your family know as well!
Emu: I will☆
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Otori Household - Living Room]

Emu: That was so good! Hehe. I'm totally stuffed!
Shosuke: Your appetite's as big as ever.
Emu: That's because Mr. Chef's so good at what he does. I really loved the Salisbury steaks he made for us today!
Keisuke: I'm sure it means a lot to a chef to see someone enjoy their dish so much.
Emu: I really want Sis to have some since she said before how she really likes the way these are seasoned.
Keisuke: She mentioned that she wouldn't be home until late since she made plans with her university friends today...
Shosuke: Huh. Guess she's making the most of her time as a student.
Emu: (I really wanted her to be here too...)
Shosuke: Oh, that's right. Are you free to talk for a minute after this, Keisuke? I need to ask you something regarding tomorrow's meeting.
Keisuke: Not a problem. I believe we're all finished eating, so let's...
Emu: No, you guys, wait!
Keisuke: What's wrong?
Emu: Hehe. I've actually prepared a present for you guys!
Emu: Please come in, Mr. Chef!
Shosuke: Oh, a cake. This is a nice surprise.
Keisuke: It even has two layers. This looks quite extravagant.
Emu: I actually baked and decorated it with the help of Mr. Chef here!
Shosuke: Wait, you made this?
Emu: Yup! I know you guys love fruit, so I topped it with lots of them! I'm sure it turned out really yummy, so give it a try!
Keisuke: Then, let's talk after dessert, shall we?
Shosuke: A little sugar for our brains should help our conversation go more smoothly.
Emu: Woohoo! Alright, Mr. Chef, please get the tea ready too!
Shosuke: Still, why prepare a cake...? It's not like any of our birthdays are coming up.
Keisuke: Hmm... Could it be that you want something from us?
Shosuke: Hey, it's going to take more than cake to win us over.
Emu: No, you've got it all wrong! I just wanted to do this to thank you guys!
Keisuke: Nothing more...?
Emu: Yup! Nothing more!
Shosuke: Hmm...
Emu: Anyway, which part do you guys wanna have?
Emu: Do you want a slice from the top layer, or does the bottom look better?
Keisuke: Yes, well... Why don't you recommend a part to me, Emu.
Shosuke: Then, try to get me a slice with as many different fruits as you can.
Emu: Okay!
Emu: (I hope they know I appreciate them...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Keisuke: It's okay for you to be a little more honest about how you feel...
Keisuke: So, if you're feeling sad, then you should say that you're sad.
Keisuke: To us... And your friends.
(White cut)
Shosuke: I can't say there's anything wrong with that, but... It's perfectly normal for you to feel sad.
Shosuke: After all, they're your friends, and you put on shows with them.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Emu: (Even during that dream, they tried to encourage me.)
Emu: (They've always been really nice and showed me so much support...)
Emu: (Including when it came time for us to leave...!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: How's the cake? Good?
Keisuke: Yes, it's just the right sweetness...
Shosuke: You did a pretty great job with this.
Emu: Yay!
Emu: (Thank you guys so very much, Keisuke, Shosuke...!)
Shosuke: Hey, quit staring at us like that. You're making it hard to eat.
Keisuke: Ah, the tea's here. Emu, why don't you have some of this dessert as well?
Emu: Okay!
(Black cut)
