1200_Emu Otori_R2 Eyes On Other Troupes (event_172)

Skill name: For The Future

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Diner]

Emu: Movie, movie♪ It's gonna be so goodie♪
Tsukasa: It's been making headlines with all the powerhouse young actors that are in it. I've also been looking forward to seeing it.
Rui: But we still have a bit of time before it begins, so why don't we stay here for a little longer?
Emu: Okay!
Emu: Oh, can we go shopping afterwards? I wanna buy a new pair of training shoes!
Nene: There's also a book I wanna buy, so I'd like to stop by the mall.
Tsukasa: We'll see the movie, go shopping... And have ourselves a relaxing day off.
Tsukasa: Still, we have so much time on our hands now that our away training is over.
Rui: We were so busy with rehearsals and assignments that even our holidays ended up being fairly chaotic.
Nene: But we've definitely learned a lot. So, I'm glad that we've been able to train with all these different troupes.
Tsukasa: Yes, and we need to thank them, as well as Emu's brothers, again for giving us these wonderful opportunities.
Rui: I hope we get to keep visiting different troupes and continue to grow together.
Emu: Different troupes...
Emu: So, where do you guys wanna go next?
Tsukasa: Hmm... That's a tough question.
Rui: Each troupe possesses different strengths and qualities.
Nene: Personally, I think it'd be nice if we could visit one with a lot of focus on singing...
Tsukasa: Yes, that's a good option! As for me, I'd say dancing!
Tsukasa: By learning a variety of dance styles, we could expand the breadth of our shows!
Emu: I'm thinking... Oh!
Emu: A troupe that's all dressed as mascots!
Nene: Mascots?
Rui: Yes, there are troupes out there that put on those kinds of shows.
Emu: Exactly☆ Those types of shows sometimes don't involve much speaking...
Emu: But you can tell exactly what's going on in the story just based on the way the characters move. I think that's really amazing!
Tsukasa: Yes, now that you mention it...
Tsukasa: Telling a story only through gestures and pantomime is easier said than done.
Nene: And those costumes really limit your range of motion.
Rui: We could gain some good experience by learning how to get through to an audience under such conditions.
Emu: See what I mean♪ Oh, also!
Emu: Umm... Im...? Immer...? Emergency?
Nene: There's an emergency now?
Rui: Were you trying to say immersive theatre?
Emu: Oh, Rui, that's it!
Nene: How'd you make that leap...?
Nene: Immersive theatre involves having the audience actively participate in a show, right?
Rui: Yes. As the name suggests, the audience becomes immersed in the world of the show.
Rui: Some shows have the audience walk around and converse with the actors, or even help them move the story along.
Emu: Things can change depending on what they say and do too, right?♪
Tsukasa: Things can change... That sounds a lot like improvisational theatre.
Tsukasa: I've heard of those before, but actually performing in one sounds rather challenging.
Nene: You'd have to memorize multiple scenarios and adapt based on what actually happens.
Nene: I feel like I'd get my lines for the different happenings all mixed up...
Rui: And performing alongside the audience means...
Rui: Not only do you have to know how to deal with the unexpected, how you rope in the audience and get them excited will also be important.
Tsukasa: Right. That sounds like a good workout for our improvisation muscles.
Rui: And you'd learn how to stay in character regardless of the situation.
Nene: True. Thinking about it that way, there are still so many places we could learn from.
Emu: Yeah!
Emu: Huh?
Nene: What's wrong, Emu?
Emu: Keisuke just sent me a message.
Tsukasa: Hm? It seems he sent it to us all.
Nene: Let's see... He wants us to visit your house next Sunday so he can tell us something.
Rui: What could it be? Is there anything you can tell us, Emu?
Emu: No, I have no idea...
Emu: But I have a good feeling about it for some reason!
Nene: Hehe. Then, it'll be something we can look forward to while we wait for the week to pass.
Emu: Yup☆
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: Hey, you guys!
Miku (WxS): Oh! Hi, Emu! Welcome♪
Rin (WxS): What brings you here today?
Emu: Hehe. There's a video I wanna watch with you guys!
Len (WxS): A video?
Emu: Drum roll, please! It's a video by Elio Sakurai☆
Miku (WxS): Wow, really?!
Emu: Yup! I decided to bring this over since you guys showed a lot of interest the other day♪
Miku (WxS): That's because you talked about him with so much enthusiasm, Emu.
Miku (WxS): Like how he taught you jazz dance, and even got to do some theatre dancing with him.
Len (WxS): You said all the demonstrations he did were amazing!
Rin (WxS): We've been wondering what he's like ever since, so it's great that we finally get to see a video of him♪
Emu: Today, I'm gonna show you guys a video of the dance I wanna start practicing soon!
Miku (WxS): Oh, I can't wait to see what it's like☆
Len (WxS): You always have such a big smile on your face when you talk about the workshop, Emu.
Rin (WxS): It must have been so much fun♪
Emu: Yeah, I'm so glad that we got to do it!
Emu: I got to see how the best singers and dancers and actors in the world do their stuff. I really learned so much!
Emu: All the people from ArcLand were super impressed, too!
Miku (WxS): Wow, that does sound amazing! I wish we could've been there with you guys!
Emu: It would've been so much fun if you were all there with us...
Rin (WxS): Emu?
Emu: Oh, it's just...
Emu: I wish the others from Phoenix Wonderland could've participated too.
Emu: So that they could also see what world-class performers do and how they think...
Emu: And they could learn just as much as I did.
Len (WxS): I see...
Emu: I hope we can hold a workshop just like that at Phoenix Wonderland someday.
Emu: Oh, we could invite Riley Dream Park's actors and performers!
Emu: That show we saw a while back was really awesome, so I'd love to learn how they put theirs together.
Len (WxS): The folks from that giant amusement park?
Rin (WxS): That sounds amazing. I'm gonna pop over to take peeks when that happens☆
Emu: Hehe. Definitely come!
Emu: Also, I'd want the troupes we trained with to come too.
Emu: That includes Bakuno, Mr. Kijima and everyone from the Morinomiya Revue!
Emu: If we study and learn about lots of shows from places that aren't Phoenix Wonderland...
Emu: Maybe someday we can put on a show that's different from all the other ones we've done!
Miku (WxS): Oh, speaking of someday...
Miku (WxS): Maybe someday you and the others will be the ones teaching everyone, Emu☆
Emu: Huh?
Miku (WxS): You've all been working so hard and getting so good!
Miku (WxS): So that day may come, someday♪
Emu: Us, teaching...?
Len (WxS): Wow, that'd be pretty cool!
Rin (WxS): I wanna see you guys being teachers!
Emu: Teachers...
Emu: Yeah! That'd be super duper amazing!
Emu: But if we wanna get there, we have to train, learn and grow a lot more!
Len (WxS): Then, let's start by watching that video of Mr. Sakurai!
Rin (WxS): Oh, I can't wait!
(Black cut)
