1230_Emu Otori_R4 Smiling Fairy (event_178)

Skill name: A Colorful Offering
Gacha phrase: I'm your oh-so-cute fairy friend!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Nonogi Park]

Tsukasa: Oh, this looks like a fine spot.
Rui: There aren't many people around, either. It should be perfect for practice.
Tsukasa: Indeed. Let's work hard, with our sights set on winning the contest!
Nene: Emu messaged saying she was almost here, so she should be—
Emu's Voice (Emu): Heeeey!
Rui: Hehe, what perfect timing.
Nene: Hey, is it just me, or does Emu have wings on her back...?
Rui: I see them too, so it's not just you, no.
Tsukasa: She's arrived with her costume already on! Such motivation!
Emu: Here I aaam! Sorry for the wait!
Nene: Good morning, Emu. So... Why did you arrive with your wings on?
Emu: Huh? Oh, you mean these wings?
Emu: I'm playing the fairy in our next show, right?
Emu: I figured, if I wore my wings around, I'd get lots of ideas about how she would move and how to act that out!
Nene: I guess I can sort of see that, but people must have been staring...
Rui: The mysterious winged girl... Emu might have given rise to a brand-new urban legend.
Emu: A legend?! I'm gonna be legendary?! Hooray!
Nene: That's not really something to be pleased about.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! I think it's wonderful to think about your role that deeply.
Tsukasa: After all, you'll be playing a lady-in-waiting and other small roles as well, but the fairy is your main role!
Tsukasa: It's an excellent idea to think about your role and put every last drop of energy into your performance! Just be careful not to damage or wear out your wings.
Emu: Okaaay!
Nene: Well, if it helps you work things out, I think it's fine. The fairy's an important character for the princess and prince's journey, after all.
Rui: That's right. She also serves as comic relief, so I hope you'll give her your all.
Emu: Hehehe. I want to show everyone how funny the fairy you wrote for me is!
Emu: And if I want to make her really, really fun and interesting, I need...
Tsukasa: Physical acting, right?
Emu: Yeah! That's why I'm thinking so hard about it!
Girl A: Huh? Look, Nana! That girl has wings!
Girl B: Oh... She does...
Tsukasa: Hm? Those munchkins are looking at us.
Nene: Well, it's hard to ignore a girl with fairy wings on.
Girl A: Hi, Miss. What are you doing?
Emu: We're practicing for a show! I'm playing a fairy!
Girl B: A fairy...?
Emu: “You called, and here I am! I'm your oh-so-cute fairy friend!”
Emu: “Here we go! Pose!”
Girl B: That's a weird fairy.
Emu: “Huh?! A weird fairy?! Where? Where is she?”
Girl A: Hahaha, it's you! The fairies in storybooks are quiet and graceful.
Girl B: And they don't move weird like that either.
Emu: “Wha-huh?! I'm the weird fairy?! No way, no way! Look how graceful I am!”
Girl B: Hehe, “wha-huh”.
Girl A: That's weird!
(Black cut)
Girl A: Good luck with your show!
Girl B: Bye bye, Ms. Weird Fairy.
Emu: Thanks! See you!
Emu: Hehehe, that was fun!
Emu: Oh, wait! I was supposed to be practicing my fairy moves!
Emu: I need to decide how I'm gonna move for our scenes today! Hmmmm...!
Tsukasa: Wouldn't what you just did be fine?
Emu: Huh?
Nene: The way you moved while talking to those kids. They really liked all the fun ways you reacted to them.
Rui: Yes, I think it would make a fine base to work from.
Emu: Ooh, okay! In that case, um...
Emu: I... What did I do, again?
Nene: Huh?
Tsukasa: You did it yourself, just a moment ago!
Emu: I know, but I was so focused on making those kids smile, like whoosh! Kapow! And now I don't remember any of it!
Tsukasa: You're unbelievable... Remember when you said, “Wha-huh!” and all that?
Emu: Oh, right! I remember! What else did I do?
Tsukasa: Why do I have to teach you how to do what you just did...? Alright, watch closely now!
Emu: Okay! Thanks!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Main Street]

Staff Member: Thank you very much!
Nene: Phew... Thank goodness I was able to get my hands on it. Thanks for coming with me, Emu.
Emu: Hehe. You're very welcome!
Emu: Hey, so, that's a book by someone from ArcLand, right?
Nene: Yeah. It's by a director famous for princess characters.
Nene: It's full of tips and pointers for being more princessly, so I thought it might come in handy for my role for the contest.
Emu: You're putting so much effort into this princess role, Nene!
Emu: I can't wait to see you after you level up all with that book, like b-baaam!
Nene: I really don't think it's going to be quite that sudden...
Nene: But I'll do what I can before the day of the contest. Including in practice tonight.
Nene: Um... That's all I wanted to buy, but is there anything you want, Emu? I'd be happy to go with you.
Emu: Me?
Emu: Hmm, anything I wanna buy... Oh!
Emu: Hey, hey, Nene! Are you hungry?
Nene: Huh? A little, I guess...
Emu: Great! Then there's a place I wanna go!
(Black cut)
Nene: I didn't expect you to want to go to your usual taiyaki place.
Emu: Yeah! They're starting a special seasonal menu today!
Emu: See, look! Rainbow taiyaki!
Nene: Wow... Pink, blue, green... They've got all sorts of colors.
Emu: Isn't it so exciting just looking at them? And apparently each color is a different flavor!
Emu: Oh, it says the yellow one is grapefruit bean paste!
Nene: Huh, grapefruit bean paste?
Nene: I'm having trouble imagining what that would be like... But I guess it sounds good?
Emu: Ooh, the blue kind has soda candy flavor paste! I bet that would make Rui super smiley!
Emu: Which one do you think Tsukasa would like the most?
Nene: Maybe this banana one? He really liked that chocolate banana parfait he got at the diner the other day.
Emu: Ooh, that's gotta be it! He was all, “Yes, this is delicious!” at the top of his voice!
Nene: Yeah... And then everyone turned to stare at us...
Emu: Oh, I bet KAITO would like the melon flavor.
Emu: I brought some melon-flavored candy to SEKAI a while back, and KAITO said it was really tasty!
Emu: How about everyone else? I bet Miku would like the muscat flavor. And the apple one too!
Nene: I'm glad you're thinking of everyone, but why not choose one for yourself first?
Emu: Oh, right! Hmm, maybe the pink strawberry one for me?
Nene: It's hard to choose from this many flavors. I'd like to try a lot of them, but it's only for a limited time...
Emu: Oh! I know!
Nene: What's up?
Emu: Hehehe, I just had a great idea!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[That night]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: Great. Let's take a break here.
Emu & Miku: Okay!
Rui: Thank you as always for spending so long helping with our practices.
MEIKO (WxS): No need for thanks! We're all excited to see a new show getting off the ground!
Luka (WxS): You've all been improving steadily. I can't wait to see the finished thing.
KAITO (WxS): Right. Emu was especially dynamic as the fairy today... Hm?
KAITO (WxS): Speaking of, where is Emu?
Emu: Everyone! Your attention, please!
Rin (WxS): Hm? What's up?
Emu: Behold! I have special snacks for everyone today!
Rin (WxS): Ooh, snacks?!
Emu: Ta-daa! We bought a whole bunch of rainbow taiyaki!
Len (WxS): Wow, look at that! So many different colors!
Rin (WxS): Aren't they just so cute?☆
KAITO (WxS): But so many... What's the occasion?
Emu: Me and Nene visited the taiyaki place today, and it felt like a waste to only get some for the two of us!
Emu: And when we saw these special limited-time flavors, we wanted to let everyone try them together!
Tsukasa: I see. How truly considerate of you! I was just thinking I could use a little something.
Rui: We really appreciate the thought, Emu.
Emu: No problem! Go ahead and pick whichever ones you like!
Rui: Let's see... I'll take this soda candy taiyaki, then.
Tsukasa: And I choose this banana one! I've been on a banana kick lately!
KAITO (WxS): Let's see... I think I'll have this melon one.
Miku (WxS): I want the muscat! Oh, but the apple one looks good too!
Nene: You hit the bullseye with everyone, huh?
Emu: Hehehe, I did!
Emu: Let's all have lots of tasty taiyaki, and then work hard for the rest of practice!
(Black cut)
