1241_Emu Otori_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Skill name: Princess Of Emuland?!
Gacha phrase: I really do feel like a princess♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[The day before Emu's birthday]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO (WxS): Happy birthday, Emu!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Emu: W-W-Wow! Thanks, you guys☆
Emu: You guys really surprised me when you asked me to come over to SEKAI all of a sudden, Rin...
Emu: But now I see it was for my birthday party!
Rin (WxS): Hehe. Our surprise went off without a hitch♪
MEIKO (WxS): We heard that you'd be busy on your actual birthday, so we decided to throw you a party a little early.
Emu: Really...?! That makes me so happy♪
Len (WxS): Tsukasa and the others are throwing you a party tomorrow, right?! What are you guys gonna do?
Emu: So...
Emu: We're having a tea party tomorrow☆
Miku (WxS): A tea party?
Emu: We're gonna meet up after school and have some delicious tea while munching on yummy snacks!
Emu: That's what they came up with after I said I wanted a party that would be fun for everyone♪
Miku (WxS): Really?! That sounds super duper fun☆
Emu: I know, right?! I'm so excited that I don't know if I'm gonna be able to sleep.
Luka (WxS): Don't worry. All you have to do is close your eyes and... Zzz...
MEIKO (WxS): No, Luka! We're not about to let you fall asleep in the middle of the party!
Len (WxS): We gotta get her to wake up!
KAITO (WxS): I hope you get to have a wonderful birthday tomorrow, Emu.
Emu: Me too! And thanks for throwing me this party, you guys☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Rental Room]

Emu: Everyone! You guys are so wonderhoy for waiting☆
Emu: Wait, huh? There's no one here...?
Emu: Uh oh... Did I come to the wrong place?!
???: No, you did not! This is the right place, Emu!
???: Or rather, Princess Emu!
Emu: Huh? Princess...?
Rui: That's right. You are our princess... The princess of Emuland.
Rui: And we are your faithful servants.
Nene: Now, Princess, please take a seat in this chair.
Emu: Wah...! Um, thanks, Nene!
Emu: Hehe. I feel like a real princess now for some reason♪
Rui: Not “like” a princess. You are a princess. And here's the proof. Take a look...
Nene: You forgot to put this on, Princess.
Emu: Wow...! It's so sparkly, dazzling and cute...!
Emu: Is this a tiara?
Nene: Yes, and it suits you very well.
Tsukasa: Now then, since our princess has arrived, let us begin our tea party.
Rui: Starting with the dried fruit tea. Here you are.
Emu: This tea has strawberries in it! Hehe. And it smells so good...
Rui: In order to strike a balance with the dried fruit, we decided to blend it with some not-so-bitter Japanese black tea.
Emu: Really...?! And this cup's adorable. I'm so excited to try this♪
Rui: Hehe. We're glad that you like what you see.
Nene: Next, we'll serve the tea snacks. Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Yes, just a moment.
Tsukasa: Here you are, Princess.
Emu: This cake... It's shaped like a fish...?! And it's so big!
Nene: Not just any fish. Please try taking a closer look.
Emu: Okay! Hmmm...
Emu: Oh, is this...
Emu: A taiyaki cake?!
Rui: Yes, that is correct.
Tsukasa: And there are even more taiyaki inside. We wanted you to enjoy a variety of different flavors, Princess.
Emu: That's amazing! Did you guys bake this...?!
Tsukasa: No, all we did was come up with the idea.
Tsukasa: We made a request to your family chef through your brothers.
Emu: They asked to have this made...?
Emu: I had no idea. Thanks, I feel so happy...!
Emu: Hehe. This tea and cake and show all feel so festive and celebratory...!
Emu: This has become a really special and won-won-wonderhoy birthday!
Rui: Oh, but the party is not about to end just yet.
Emu: Huh? But that's it for the tea and snacks...
Tsukasa: This is your birthday, after all, Princess. We are far from finished celebrating.
Nene: You see, Princess, some others have expressed that they also wish to celebrate your birthday.
Nene: You could call them special guests.
Emu: Special guests...?
Tsukasa: Now then, let us begin— From this point on, you are going to have a very special time!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

Emu: Who could the guests be...?
Rui: You will soon see when they take the stage.
Tsukasa: Now, allow us to introduce them!
Tsukasa: The band of virtuoso minstrels who are here just for you, Princess.
Tsukasa: Our special guests are this group!!
Saki: Hi, Princess! We're Leo/need!
Emu: What...?! You're here with your band, Saki...?!
Saki: After we heard about this party from Tsukasa, we told him we wanted to be here to celebrate. So—
Saki: This band of virtuoso minstrels will be singing you a birthday song!
Shiho: No, we're just a regular band...
Tsukasa: Hm? But you are virtuosos, are you not?
Ichika: H-Haha...
Ichika: For your birthday present, Otori, we're going to perform a song for you.
Honami: We're going to celebrate by playing with everything we have, so we hope you like what you hear.
Emu: Oh, okay...!
Honami: Then, here we go.
Ichika: ♪——————————!
(Black cut)
Emu: Thanks, you guys☆ That was an amazingly wonderful song!
Emu: My chest feels tight with joy right now. And really warm...
Emu: I heard your message loud and clear!
Saki: Really? Thank goodness!
Ichika: We're glad that you enjoyed it so much, Otori.
Rui: Hehe. Inviting them as special guests was the right call.
Nene: Yeah. Emu looks so happy.
Emu: Hmmm, after hearing them sing, I feel like singing something too!
Tsukasa: Ah, in that case...
Tsukasa: Why don't we all sing together?
Emu: Wait, are you sure?
Rui: Of course. After all, Emu, it is your birthday.
Nene: Feel free to tell us everything you want to do.
Emu: Oh, then I wanna sing with everybody here! All four of us, and the whole band too!
Shiho: Okay, we'll play whatever you want.
Honami: Hehe. Also, be sure to think of what we're going to do after we've finished singing.
Tsukasa: Right! Let us enjoy this party until the very end and celebrate with everything we have!
Emu: Wow...! Thanks, you guys!
Tsukasa: Now then, let's begin! One, two, three—
Ichika, Saki, Honami & Shiho: ♪——————————
Tsukasa, Nene, Rui & Emu: ♪——————————
Emu: (Everyone's smiling from ear to ear.)
Emu: (I get to be surrounded by yummy snacks and sing with everyone. Things are really, really fun already...)
Emu: (But I want to keep having even more fun with them☆)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000494/bg_s000494.webp)
Minori: Happy birthday, Emu!
Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Minori: Shiho told us about how she and the others put on celebratory shows at your party!
Airi: We're also gonna do a show for you! We promise to give our performance everything we have, Emu!
Haruka: That's right. Um, in your words, that'd be... We're gonna put on a really wonderhoy show for you.
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm looking forward to doing our show. And happy birthday, Otori. I hope this upcoming year goes wonderfully for you!
Kohane: Umm... H-Happy birthday, Princess Emu...!
Akito: Wait, why are you calling her that?
An: They apparently did a show during her birthday party! We heard that Otori became a princess, so we're gonna celebrate her like one too.
Toya: I see. Then, I'll join in. Happy birthday, Princess Emu.
Akito: Well, I'm just gonna say it normally... Happy birthday, Otori.
Ena: Happy birthday, Emu.
Kanade, Mafuyu & Mizuki: Happy birthday. Happy birthday!
Kanade: It's amazing how you got to play a princess during that show, Otori. I'm glad that you enjoyed yourself.
Mizuki: By the way, I came up with the design for that tiara at Rui's request♪ I hope you liked it!
Mafuyu: I have a feeling you did, since you wore it for that photo. That lovely smile of yours made it clear just how happy you felt.
Ena: I hope we get a chance to celebrate together sometime. I really wanna talk to you again.
Saki: Emu! Did you have fun during our show? We were like a band of virtuoso minstrels, right?
Shiho: No, we were just a regular band.
Shiho: But I am glad that we got to celebrate by playing for you in person.
Ichika: We were more motivated than usual during our performance. Singing with you so much and seeing your big smile made me really happy, Otori.
Honami: It's hard not to smile when she does. I hope we get to keep seeing that beautiful smile. Once again, happy birthday!
Tsukasa: Happy birthday, Emu!
Rui & Nene: Happy birthday!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! Our surprise birthday show was a rousing success. I did an excellent job as her servant, no?
Nene: Says the person who didn't know how he was going to play that role until the very last minute...
Rui: Hehe. He probably just wanted to celebrate with all his might, no?
Rui: In the end, we were able to grant Emu's wish for a party that everyone could enjoy.
Rui: And it's only fitting for Emu to be surrounded by smiling faces.
Tsukasa: Yes, the way everybody there smiled really made it feel like a birthday party for Emu!
Nene: I hope we keep making lots of people smile as we chase after our dreams together.
Nene: Happy birthday, Emu!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Everyone! Thank you all so very much for celebrating my birthday like this!
Emu: But what made me the happiest was the way you all smiled.
Emu: I know it's gonna be really hard to make everyone around the world smile...
Emu: But I wanna work towards making my dream come true by learning how to do lots and lots and lots of different things! So—
Emu: I'm gonna keep moving forward with the others♪ Anyway, bye bye!
(Black cut)
