1258_Emu Otori_R3 Smiley Stamp Rally (event_181)

Skill name: Fiery, Electric And All Pshhh
Gacha phrase: Let's go collect some stamps!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Island Shrine]

Emu: Make it so that all our performances go really well, and the festival becomes really happy and wonderhoy, please!
Mizuki & Saki: Please!
Emu: Alright, now that we've made our wishes to the deity, everything's sure to go really well!
Haruka: We've also finished paying our respects, so let's return to the stamp rally, shall we? Our next stop is supposed to be the zoo.
Saki: Wow, what kinds of animals do you think they have there? I can't wait to see!
Emu: Then, let's start heading over towards the zoo...
Emu: Hm? Hmm...?
An: What's wrong?
Emu: That really wiggly tree over there!
Emu: Lala and her friends took pictures by one that looks just like it!
Mizuki: Hey, you're right! That's amazing, Emu! How did you spot it?!
Emu: Hehe♪ My vision's really good!
Haruka: Lala...?
An: I feel like Mizuki mentioned that name before...
Emu: Lala's a miraculously wonderhoy magical girl!
Mizuki: She's the protagonist of this anime called “Miracle Magic Girl ☆ Lala”.
Mizuki: And there's an episode that takes place on this island. My original goal was to come here and visit everywhere she went.
Haruka: Were you always a fan of MiraMagi, Otori?
Emu: No, I watched it for the first time after Mizuki told me about it!
Emu: At first, I thought watching it would help me learn more about this island, but then I started to get really interested in the other stories!
Mizuki: And you ended up watching the whole first season, right?♪
Emu: Yeah, it was such a wonderhoy anime!
Girl: But I'm tired...!
Girl's Mother: No, don't stop and squat here. It's almost our turn, see?
Emu: (Maybe she's feeling tired after waiting in line to pay her respects... Hm?)
Emu: (That keychain on her bag... It's Lala's fairy friend, Miraran!)
Emu: (Does that mean she likes MiraMagi? I know!)
Emu: *Sob* “What do I do?! My magic powers aren't strong enough!”
Mizuki: Huh? That sounded like...
Girl: Miraran?!
Emu: “I can't beat the magic phantom all by myself!”
Emu: “I have to find a miracle girl fast...! Aren't there any kind and strong ones out there?!”
Girl: Yeah! I'll be your miracle girl!
Emu: “Wow! I didn't realize there was a miracle girl right here!”
Emu: “Thanks! Let's save the world together!”
Emu: “First, I'll teach you the magic spell for transforming! Miracle Magic Fortune...!”
Girl: Metamorphosis!!
(Black cut)
Girl's Mother: Oh, it's our turn now... What do we say to the nice young lady?
Girl: She's not a young lady! She's Miraran!
Girl's Mother: Oh, this girl... I really can't thank you enough for playing with her like this.
Emu: “I should be the one thanking you! She's the reason why the world remains peaceful!”
Girl: Bye bye, Miraran!
Emu: “As a miracle girl, you have to keep helping people, okay? I'll be rooting for you!”
Emu: Hooray! Operation: MiraMagi couldn't have gone any better!
An: That was amazing! I can't believe how fast you were able to get into character!
Saki: That girl looked so happy! She seemed to have so much fun playing with you, Emu.
Mizuki: Yeah, I couldn't help but smile. Your Miraran was the best, Emu!
Emu: Hehe. Thanks! But I was only able to do this because you told me about MiraMagi, Mizuki!
Haruka: Hehe. Now that we've had a chance to see Otori's MiraMagi show, why don't we return to the stamp rally?
Emu: Okay! Then... Let's start heading over to the zoo!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Haruka Kiritani, An Shiraishi, Emu Otori, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Harbor Town]

Emu: Alright, done! That's our third stamp of this rally!
Haruka: We've been to that shrine, the zoo and the harbor, but our cards have four spaces...
Emu: We just need to get one more before we can have a stamp party!
Mizuki: The last one is pretty high up. It's supposed to be at an observation deck that allows you to see the whole island!
An: Hey, that's great! I bet the view's gonna be awesome!
Saki: I can't wait to see it. I'm really excited since walking around this island has been so much fun!
Mizuki: I know what you mean. It's so serene and nothing like Shibuya.
Emu: This place is so peaceful and laid-back that it's hard not to feel super relaxed!
???: Mya! Mya!
Emu: Huh? Was that a cat?
Emu: Meow? Meow meow meow?
Emu: Huh? I thought I heard a cat just now...
Haruka: Wait, what if it was...?
Gull: Mya!
Emu: A bird...?!
Mizuki: It wasn't a cat that we heard. It was a black-tailed gull!
Saki: I thought it was a cat too! These gulls really do sound just like them, huh?!
Emu: It's so cool how a bird can sound like a cat!
Emu: Mya! Mya!
Gull: Mya!
An: Haha. It replied!
Mizuki: Also, Emu, your imitation of them is spot on...!
Emu: Mya!
Haruka: W-Wait, more are starting to gather...
An: Whoa...! Do they think Otori's one of them or something?
Elderly Lady: Oh my! So many gulls have gathered.
Emu: Oh, hello!
Elderly Lady: You're quite talented, young lady. Your call sounded just like the real thing.
Mizuki: Emu here's an actress.
Emu: Hehe... I'm here to do a show during the festival tomorrow!
Elderly Lady: Oh, during that festival?! That means you're going to need all the strength you can get.
Elderly Lady: Here, take this.
An: Oh, that's passion fruit!
Elderly Lady: It's just about the perfect ripeness, so don't be shy, now. Eat up with your friends, young lady.
Saki: Wait, are you sure?
Elderly Lady: Thanks to the festival, quite a lot of people have come to visit the island.
Elderly Lady: I run a fruit stand down by the harbor. Consider it a special service for helping attract so many visitors, young lady!
Emu: Wow! Thank you so much!
Emu: We promise to use our passion to make the festival and the island really fun and exciting!
(Black cut)
Emu: Hehe. She gave us so much! We're in a tropical paradise!
Mizuki: I know, right?! There's no way we're gonna be able to eat all of these, so why don't we share them with the others during the barbeque?
Saki: Yeah!
Emu: We got to have so much fun just during this day! This island's such a fun, exciting and wonderhoy place!
Haruka: Yeah. It's been so long since I got to enjoy the great outdoors like this.
An: And the island's residents are such nice people!
Saki: After just one day, I've fallen completely in love with this island!
Mizuki: Hehe. If this festival goes well, they might invite you back next year.
Saki: Really?
Mizuki: This festival's meant to revitalize the island, after all. If people start talking about it, they'll probably hold it again next year, right?
Emu: Then, that means we gotta do our best!
Emu: In order to get everyone to know about this island, we gotta make tomorrow's show super duper wonderhoy☆
Saki: We were just given a boost of passion fruit power.
Emu: Exactly! Let's make the festival fiery, electric and all pshhh♪
Mizuki: Fiery?
Haruka: Electric and all pshhh?
An: Haha. I'm not sure what you mean exactly, but it sounds fun!
(Black cut)
