511_Mafuyu Asahina_R4 Gentle Magic Words (event_72)

Gacha phrase: Pain, pain, go away...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Kanade: That was fun, Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: Yes, it was...
Mizuki: You two put on such a great performance!
Mafuyu: Miku, Rin? Is something the matter...?
Rin: <Miku and Len were concerned about all of you.>
Miku (N25): <Yes, and we wanted to see what the festival was like...>
Mizuki: Okay. Then, let's check it out together!
Ena: Yeah. Shibuya Festa's almost over, but now might be a good time since there's less people out and about now...
Kanade: Are you okay with that, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: Yes, that sounds fine.
Len: <Thank you, everyone...>
Luka: <Hehe. I'd like to take a look as well. I hope you won't mind having us, Ena.>
Ena: You too, Luka? Just be careful not to get seen, okay?
Mizuki: Haha. Nice. The more the merrier.
Mizuki: Alright, let's do a lap of the stalls. I hope there's something you guys like, Miku.
Kanade: Something they'll like?
Mafuyu: What would Miku and the others want to see...?
Mafuyu: How about over there...?
Kanade: Huh? Did that crepe stall catch your interest, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: I saw a lot of people going there during the day.
Mizuki: Really?! A crepe stall might be perfect since you get to see them being made!
Miku (N25): <Crepes...?>
Rin: <What do those involve?>
Kanade: Since we're here, I'd like to make it so they can really see what's going on...
Len: <Oh, I can see just fine... I like how it starts out as a blob.>
Mizuki: Are you talking about the crepe batter? The hot plate cooks it while they try to make it really thin.
Miku (N25): <They're using that stick to spread it out. I didn't realize it would be used so elegantly...>
Len: <Oh, you're right... It's getting bigger and bigger.>
Rin: <Is it supposed to be this thin?>
Kanade: They'll place fruits and whipped cream on it before wrapping it.
Mizuki: Yeah, and the crepe itself is super soft, so I think you're gonna really like it!
Len & Miku: <Okay...>
Mafuyu: ...
Ena: It might be good to also get something other than crepes. Would you like to see what else there is?
Luka: <Yes, let's take a look. Oh, what are those red things...?>
Ena: Oh, those are called caramel apples.
Luka: <I see. They're so cute. I like how shiny they are♪>
Ena: Yeah, they coat the apples in a glaze that uses red food coloring. We can get some if you want.
Luka: <Really? That'd be lovely.>
(Black cut)
Kanade: Our order should be done soon. Mafuyu, are you going to get a crepe?
Mafuyu: Oh...
Mafuyu: I still have the lunch I was given earlier.
Kanade: Wait, did you not have lunch?
Mafuyu: No, I wasn't feeling very good before. I was worried that food would upset my stomach.
Kanade: I see. I didn't realize... Do you feel better now?
Mafuyu: Yes, I feel much better. I should be able to eat now.
Mafuyu: I think I'll try a crepe.
Mizuki: You got it! Hey, buddy, whip up a really good one for her!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty SEKAI]

Miku (N25): Thank you all very much. I didn't know crepes were so good...
Len: It's so thin but so soft...
Luka: It's interesting how light the crepe and whipped cream are. And a big helping of fruit makes it all the more delicious.
Mafuyu: (It's been so long since I last had a crepe...)
Ena: Still, seeing you eat a crepe seems strange... How is it?
Mafuyu: It's soft.
MEIKO: Did you ask for this custard, Mizuki? It's good. Not too sweet with a refined flavor.
Mizuki: Really? Awesome♪ But Rin's the one who actually asked for that.
MEIKO: Is that so? Thank you, Rin.
Rin: You're welcome...
Mafuyu: (It doesn't taste like anything...)
Mafuyu: (But it doesn't feel bad.)
Mafuyu: (Is it because we're eating them together?)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Neighborhood]

Mafuyu: (It's already been a week since Shibuya Festa...)
Mafuyu: (Mom asked how it was after I got home, but no other questions besides that since.)
Mafuyu: (She didn't seem too concerned about me going...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-B]

Classmate: Oh, Mafuyu, sorry to bother you during lunch, but do you have a minute?
Mafuyu: Sure, how can I help you?
Classmate: I couldn't get my head around the things we discussed in class. Would you mind helping me understand it better?
Mafuyu: Oh, that was pretty tricky. I don't know if I'll be able to teach it to you properly, but I'll try my best. Let's sit down and talk about it.
Classmate: Really?! You're a lifesaver!
(Black cut)

[After school]

Classmate: Thanks for teaching me that part during lunch! It was super helpful and I'm really glad I asked you, Mafuyu!
Mafuyu: Really? That's good to hear. I was actually a little worried if I could explain it correctly.
Mafuyu: Anyway, I need to head to club. I'll see you tomorrow.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mafuyu: (I didn't have time to eat much of my lunch...)
???: Oh, thank goodness we found her in time. Asahina!
Mafuyu: Huh?
Mafuyu: Oh, Hinomori, Momoi, hello.
Airi: Hey, sorry if this seems sudden, but there's something we need to tell you.
Mafuyu: Yes, of course. How can I help?
Shizuku: There's something about club that I'd like to discuss with you.
Mafuyu: About club? Is everything okay?
Shizuku: Yes, nothing's wrong. However, I just thought I should tell you that I may be a little late to club today.
Shizuku: We'll be holding a meeting to discuss ideas with the rest of MORE MORE JUMP! in just a bit, so I won't be able to make it to club until that's finished.
Mafuyu: I see. That's understandable. Feel free to come to club whenever you're ready.
Mafuyu: And I'm sure you two will come up with some good ideas. I'll be rooting for you both.
Shizuku: Thank you! We promise to do our best! Let's go, Airi!
Airi: Sorry about that. Good luck with club, Asahina!
Airi: We'll need to come up with an idea for what to do just before our solo show.
Shizuku: Yes. Ideally, it should be something fun that everyone can enjoy. Oh, what if we do a stream the day before where we just chat about whatever we like...?
Shizuku: I have a feeling that our fans are also going to be anxious, so it might be a nice way to lighten the mood going into our show.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: We worked very hard to make sure we're able to spread hope to as many people as we can.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: ♪—— ♪—— ...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: I should head to club...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Mafuyu: Oh, it's them...
Saki: Hey, what if we all had our own solos during our next show?! How awesome would that be?!
Shiho: I'm glad that we all feel a little more confident now, but we still need to think about things seriously...
Honami: I'm not sure how it'll go, but I do want to give it a try...
Ichika: In that case, I can try singing with a little more power.
Mafuyu: (They seem to be discussing their next show...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: One, two, three, four!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: (My chest... It feels...)
Mafuyu: (But now it's gone. What was that...?)
Mafuyu: ...
???: Asahinaaa!
Mafuyu: That voice... Otori?
Emu: Thank goodness I found you!!
Mafuyu: You were looking for me? What for?
Emu: Oh, there's something I want to tell you! It's about how Rui got hurt...
Emu: He says his arm's all better and that his foot doesn't hurt anymore! Also, you were right about it being just a light sprain!
Mafuyu: I see. I'm glad to hear that Kamishiro's all better now.
Mafuyu: Oh, however... The pain may be gone, but he still should probably not do anything too strenuous for a while.
Emu: Right! Rui said that he's taking P.E. off, and we'll make sure he gets to sit and stay off it during practice!
Mafuyu: Hehe. It sounds like he's in good hands.
Emu: Hehe. Again, we really appreciate how you helped him! Thanks to your treatment, he should be back to being 100% in no time!
Mafuyu: Oh... Okay.
Mafuyu: Thank you for letting me know. Please send him my regards.
Emu: Hehe...
Emu: We're gonna do our best to make it so you smile like you did just now after seeing one of our shows...!
Mafuyu: Huh...?
Emu: Anyway, if you'll excuse me! I need to head to practice!
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: She's such a strange girl...
(Black cut)
