557_Mafuyu Asahina_R4 A Stillness Only You Know (event_80)

Gacha phrase: I'm not reliable...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Archery Range]

Mafuyu: *Sigh*
Second-Year Archery Club Member: You're doing awesome, Asahina! If you keep this up, you might just win the individuals match.
Mafuyu: Hehe. I appreciate it, but I can't let my guard down.
Mafuyu: Just now, I released my arrow too soon after taking the draw position, so I'll need to fix that...
Second-Year Archery Club Member: And I need to fix my work ethic to be more like yours!
Ex-Archery Club Third Year Student: Hey, everyone. How's practice going?
Mafuyu: Oh, it's you. Hello!
Second-Year Archery Club Member: It's been ages! What brings you here today?
Ex-Archery Club Third Year Student: I came to take a break from studying for exams. So, I decided to see my juniors practice. Mind if I watch?
Mafuyu: Of course. Having you here should give us a nice motivation boost.
Ex-Archery Club Third Year Student: Hehe. Don't mind me. Also, where are Hinomori and the others...?
Mafuyu: Hinomori's busy doing idol stuff with her group today.
Second-Year Archery Club Member: And the others are working on some stuff on their own!
Mafuyu: But since you're here, why don't we try asking them to join us for a bit?
Ex-Archery Club Third Year Student: Are you sure? Then, if you don't mind...
Mafuyu & Classmates: Of course!
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Mafuyu: Thank you for coming to watch us practice today.
Second-Year Archery Club Member: And thank you especially for working with the first years.
Ex-Archery Club Third Year Student: No, it was my pleasure. I had a lot of fun today!
Ex-Archery Club Third Year Student: If anything, thank you all for allowing me to participate after dropping in on such short notice.
Mafuyu: No, you'll always be welcome here.
First-Year Archery Club Member: Asahina's right! Please drop by whenever you feel like you need a break from studying!
Ex-Archery Club Third Year Student: Thanks! Then, I might just bring by some nice treats for all of you next time.
Archery Club Members: Woohoo! Haha.
Second-Year Archery Club Member: Alright, first years! It's time to start cleaning up!
First-Year Archery Club Members: Okay!
Ex-Archery Club Third Year Student: Oh, second years, can we talk for a moment? I'm sure the teacher already let you all know...
Mafuyu: About what?
Ex-Archery Club Third Year Student: About finding a first year who might make a good club captain and showing them the ropes.
Mafuyu: The next captain...?
Second-Year Archery Club Member: Wait, isn't it too soon for that?
Ex-Archery Club Third Year Student: That's what we said last year. Then, before we had a chance to prepare ourselves, the time came for us to retire.
Ex-Archery Club Third Year Student: Do your best and make the most of each day! Now, if you'll excuse me! 
Mafuyu: O-Okay. Thank you for stopping by!
Second-Year Archery Club Members: Thank you!
Second-Year Archery Club Members: I hate to say it, but she's right... If we're not careful, we'll be retiring before we even know it.
Second-Year Archery Club Members: Right... But I'm looking forward to not having to practice every morning!
Second-Year Archery Club Members: Hey, you won't do well during tournaments if you don't put in the work.
Second-Year Archery Club Members: Haha! Relax! I was just kidding!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Mafuyu: Now that I've returned the key to the archery range, I should head home...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ex-Archery Club Third Year Student: Then, before we had a chance to prepare ourselves, the time came for us to retire.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: (I feel cold... But I definitely wiped off my sweat earlier...)
Student A: Hey, check out these snow rabbits! Aren't they adorable?! I'm gonna take a picture!
Student B: Me too! But who made them?
Mafuyu: (Oh, didn't Hinomori make that one yesterday...?)
Mafuyu: (Wait, huh...? There's eight of them now...)
Student A: They're so cute. The one in the middle's bigger than the others too. Do you think they're one big family?
Student B: Yeah, they could be siblings or close friends! Alright, let's make this shot count!
Mafuyu: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shizuku: So, I'd like it if you could remember what we did today...
Shizuku: I'm sure that there are already plenty of people around you who are willing to give you their support.
Shizuku: But I'd like it if you could remember that I'm also there for you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: (Huh? I don't feel as cold anymore for some reason...)
Mafuyu: (Is it just me? With the wind and all, it's only supposed to get colder tonight.)
Mafuyu: I should head home...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Holiday]

[Miyamasuzaka]

Mafuyu: (Cram school ended much sooner than usual today since we had a short class...)
Mafuyu: (But they gave us more assignments than usual, so I'll need to get started on those as soon as I can...)
Mafuyu: (And Mom's going to be home all day, so I probably won't be able to work on anything N25-related...)
Mafuyu: (... For now, I should get home as soon as I can...)
???: Asahina!
Mafuyu: Hinomori...?
Shizuku: Hehe. It's so nice to run into you outside of school like this. Were you about to go somewhere?
Mafuyu: No, I was on my way home from cram school. What about you, Hinomori?
Shizuku: We have practice today as MORE MORE JUMP!, but I wanted to do some shopping first.
Shizuku: Remember how we ended up walking to the station together after I broke my umbrella?
Mafuyu: Oh, right... It did get bent pretty badly...
Shizuku: Yes, it did. So, I'm here to buy a new one at this shop Airi showed me.
Mafuyu: I see. I hope you find a nice replacement.
Shizuku: Thank you, Asahina!
Shizuku: *Sigh* But I hope I can find this shop before practice...
Mafuyu: Do you not know where it is...?
Shizuku: So... Airi showed me the website for it, which listed its location... Unfortunately, I ended up getting lost...
Shizuku: But I know what to do now! It's supposed to be right by the post office, so I just need to keep an eye out for that.
Mafuyu: Hang on... What if you end up finding the wrong post office?
Shizuku: Y-You're right...! I would've gotten even more lost if I did! Thank you, Asahina!
Mafuyu: Y-You're welcome... Also, mind if I take a look at the shop on a map?
Shizuku: A map? Sure, here you go. It's the one from the website...
Mafuyu: Thank you. Let's see...
Mafuyu: You're looking for the shop on Miyamasuzaka, right, Hinomori? This appears to be a map for a different branch.
Shizuku: What?! But Airi said it's right by the post office...
Mafuyu: There's one very close to the Miyamasuzaka branch. This is where we are right now, and the post office I think you're looking for is here. Which means the shop you wish to visit is this one.
Shizuku: I-It was under my nose this entire time?! Oh no... I feel so embarrassed...
Mafuyu: No, don't be. You managed to get this close by yourself. Also, you probably would've found it just fine if it weren't for this map.
Shizuku: A-Asahina...!
Mafuyu: I know. Hinomori, mind if I take a look inside with you?
Mafuyu: Cram school ended early for me today, so I have some time on my hands.
Shizuku: Yes, of course!
Shizuku: So... It's this way, yes?
Mafuyu: Yes, that's right. Now, shall we?
(Black cut)
Shizuku: Hehe...
Shizuku: Thank you for helping me pick this out, Asahina! As a result, I was able to find a wonderful replacement umbrella.
Shizuku: I promise to cherish it for as long as I can.
Mafuyu: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that. Especially after we put quite a lot of thought into selecting it.
Mafuyu: Oh, also, it's bigger than what you normally see.
Shizuku: Yes, I wanted one that I could share with others.
Shizuku: With this, I'll be able to help Shii, Airi or anyone else who forgets to bring their umbrella.
Shizuku: That of course also includes you, Asahina!
Mafuyu: M-Me...?
Shizuku: Yes. Remember how you helped me the other day?
Shizuku: I'd like to return the favor the next chance I get.
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: Thank you, Hinomori...
Shizuku: Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to get to practice. Thank you for joining me today, Asahina!
Mafuyu: Anytime. It was my pleasure. See you again at school.
(Black cut)
