741_Mafuyu Asahina_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Teacher: Thank you for helping me, Asahina. You're a real lifesaver.
Mafuyu: I'm glad I could be of service.
Teacher: You should still have time to have lunch. Please make sure to rest before afternoon classes begin.
Mafuyu: Thank you, I will. Now, if you'll excuse me...
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: (I hope the school store still has something available...)
???: Asahina, wait!
Mafuyu: Huh...?
Shizuku: Good morning, Asahina.
Mafuyu: Hinomori, Momoi, good morning.
Airi: To be fair, it's already lunch.
Mafuyu: Did you two just get here...? Does that mean you had work this morning?
Airi: Yeah, we were at a shoot for a TV show.
Mafuyu: I see.
Mafuyu: Weren't you on TV just the other day? It's like I'm seeing you all wherever I go now.
Shizuku: Thank you. But we're usually invited on as guests, so we're trying to make the most of each opportunity.
Airi: Even when the cameras are squarely on us, we don't get nearly as much airtime as the other idols and personalities.
Mafuyu: Right. Being an idol sure sounds like hard work.
Shizuku: Hehe. But this is what we want to do, so we're willing to work as hard as we need to.
Mafuyu: I see... That's very admirable.
Shizuku: ...
Shizuku: By the way, Asahina, have you eaten already?
Mafuyu: Oh... No, not yet. I was helping a teacher just now...
Shizuku: Then, that's perfect. Why don't we have lunch together?
Shizuku: How does that sound, Airi?
Airi: Yeah, please join us!
Mafuyu: Then, if you don't mind...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Courtyard]

Mafuyu, Airi & Shizuku: Let's eat. Let's eat!
Shizuku: Hehe. Thank goodness the school store still had so many things available.
Airi: But your choices... I mean, who buys a plum rice ball with an egg salad sandwich...?
Shizuku: That's because I thought I'd get hungry again if I only bought one.
Shizuku: Also, Asahina, is that tuna sandwich going to be enough for you?
Mafuyu: Yes. I didn't have practice this morning, and I don't usually get that hungry after just studying.
Shizuku: Really? If you say so...
Airi: That reminds me... We saw a few first-years talking about visiting clubs and stuff.
Airi: And it sounded like they already knew which clubs they wanted to join.
Mafuyu: Most of the ones who came to visit the archery club picked up a bow and wore the protective armor for the very first time. But they seem eager to get familiar with everything as fast as they can.
Shizuku: I saw that as well when I went to visit the other day. Their eyes sparkled with so much excitement.
Shizuku: That reminded me of when I first observed the archery club. It was quite nostalgic.
Airi: Nostalgic...? Wasn't that only two years ago? You sound like a doting grandma talking about her grandchildren.
Mafuyu: A grandma...? I can easily see Hinomori elegantly sipping tea while sitting by a Japanese garden.
Shizuku: Oh, how did you know? I love having tea by our garden.
Mafuyu & Airi: What...?
Airi: Haha! I guess Grandma here can't really help it.
Mafuyu: Hehe. I guess so.
Shizuku: Why are you two laughing? Please tell me. I don't want to be left out.
Airi: How do we explain this?
(Black cut)
Mafuyu: Oh, there's the bell...
Shizuku: Yes, we should head back to our classrooms.
Airi: Thank you for joining us for lunch, Asahina. That was really fun.
Mafuyu: No, thank you for inviting me.
Mafuyu: I really appreciate it.
Shizuku: You're welcome.
Airi: Let's have lunch together again sometime!
Mafuyu: Yes, let's.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[After school]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Mafuyu: (The student council starts back up again today. I ended up becoming a class representative after the teacher and my classmates fervently asked me to...)
Mafuyu: (I guess the one positive about this is that I don't have to get used to a new committee or anything...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty Classroom]

Mafuyu: Huh...?
Emu: Oh! Hi, Asahina!
Mafuyu: Hello, Otori.
Emu: Eep...!
Emu: G-G-G-G-G-Goo...
Mafuyu: (Goo...?)
Emu: G-Good wonderhoooy♪
Mafuyu: Hehe. As energetic as ever I see.
Emu: Haha... Thank you...
Mafuyu: Since you're here, am I correct in saying that you've also become a class representative?
Emu: Y-Yes, I am!
Emu: Oh, also...? Are you one too?
Mafuyu: Yes. Everyone asked me to, so I decided to be one again this year.
Emu: Wow... Even after changing classes, everyone believes that you'll do a good job of representing them!
Emu: That's so amazing. I feel like you're one of those really reliable and hard-working people who are destined to lead...
Mafuyu: Destined to lead?
Emu: Yes!
Emu: My goal is to make sure Phoenix Wonderland keeps being a place that puts smiles on everyone's faces forever and ever!
Emu: And in order to make that happen, my brothers suggested that I become a class representative. They said it'll be a good experience for me!
Mafuyu: That's a wonderful reason...
Emu: Hehe. Thank you very much.
Second-year: Oh, Asahina! You're gonna be a class representative again?
Mafuyu: Yes, I see you are as well. It's nice to see a familiar face.
Second-year: Likewise! I really had a lot of fun last year!
Third-year: Wow, that's so pure and simple. I'm doing this to try to boost my grades.
Mafuyu: You say that, but you worked really hard last year and even stayed late after school often to put documents together.
Third-year: Haha! A part of me probably just doesn't want you to hog all the glory, Asahina.
Mafuyu: Hehe. How sneaky of you.
Mafuyu: Oh, Otori, I'm sorry. These two are also class representatives.
Mafuyu: They have quite a lot of experience now, so I'm sure they'll be able to teach you whatever you need.
Third-year: Otori...? Oh, didn't you work really hard on the sports festival last year with Haruka Kiritani last year?
Third-year: Everyone from the planning committee said you guys came up with a lot of great ideas and made things really fun in the end.
Emu: R-Really?!
Second-year: Wow...! Then, we're really lucky to have you as a class representative!
Second-year: Let's do our best to make this school year a fun one.
Emu: Yeah☆ You can leave making everyone smile to me♪
Emu: Oh, um...! Asahina!
Mafuyu: Yes?
Emu: Eep...
Emu: I... I...! I'm going to do everything I can to make it happen!
Mafuyu: *Nod* Yes, let's do our best together.
(Black cut)
