859_Mafuyu Asahina_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: It's a bit different from usual, but...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Yoisaki Household - Kitchen]

Kanade: Oh... Good morning, Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: Good morning.
Mafuyu: It's not like you to be in the kitchen at this time.
Kanade: I was working, but I got hungry... So I came to get something to eat.
Kanade: I was about to heat something up. Do you want some?
Mafuyu: I'm not hungry...
Kanade: Oh... Okay.
Mafuyu: But... Maybe I'll have a little.
Kanade: Okay. It'll be ready in a second.
(Black cut)
Kanade & Mafuyu: Let's eat.
Kanade: By the way... You're up pretty early today. Do you have something at school?
Mafuyu: I have a student council meeting. Apparently, our teacher has something to discuss with us.
Kanade: Really? Being on the student council sounds pretty tough...
Mafuyu: I've been doing it so long that I'm used to it, but... It's not that hard.
Kanade: I see. That's impressive.
Kanade: Oh, yeah. I forgot something important... Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: What is it?
Kanade: Happy birthday.
Mafuyu: Oh...
Mafuyu: (That's right... It's my birthday today. I forgot.)
Mafuyu: Thank you.
Kanade: But... It feels kind of strange saying it to you in the morning like this.
Mafuyu: Yes, it does.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy]

Mafuyu: (The council meeting is in—)
Mafuyu: (A message? From who...?)
Mafuyu: Oh...
Mafuyu: ... Dad.
Mafuyu's Father's Message: <Happy birthday, Mafuyu. I hope you're feeling well despite this cold weather.>
Mafuyu's Father's Message: <I'll bring your present the next time I come by Ms. Yoisaki's apartment to see you.>
Mafuyu: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: *Wince*
Mafuyu: (I have to get to the meeting...)
???: Asahinaaaaaaaaa!!!
Mafuyu: What...?
Emu: Good morning, Asahina!!!
Mafuyu: Good morning, Otori. I see you're already raring to go, as usual.
Mafuyu: There's still time before the student council meeting... Why the hurry?
Emu: Good question! Today's your birthday, right?!
Emu: This time I'm gonna do it! I've got a funny story that'll definitely make you...smile...
Emu: Asahina...?
Mafuyu: What's the matter?
Emu: Um...! Could you stick out your hands for me?
Mafuyu: My hands?
Mafuyu: Um... Like this?
Emu: Thank you! May I please hold them?!
Mafuyu: Yes, that's fine, but...
Emu: Then I will!
Mafuyu: Oh...
Mafuyu: (Her hands are so much smaller than mine... They don't even wrap the whole way around.)
Mafuyu: (But...)
Emu: Okaaay! Here we goooooo!
Emu: Nnnngh...!
Emu: Nnnnnnnnnngh...!
Emu: Won... Won...
Emu: Wonderhoooooooooy☆
Mafuyu: What...?
Emu: I just cast a powerful cheerfulness spell on you, Asahina!
Mafuyu: A cheerfulness spell?
Emu: That's right☆ Now you're definitely gonna spend the rest of the day with a smile on your face!
Emu: Oh, but, um... You shouldn't force yourself to smile either...!
Emu: But it is your once-in-a-year birthday! So please have lots and lots of fun today!
Emu: Also, Tsukasa and Rui told me to pass on their birthday wishes too!
Mafuyu: Tenma and Kamishiro...?
Mafuyu: I see. Please tell them I said thank you.
Emu: Yes, you can count on me!
Emu: Hehehe... Let's do our best in the student council meeting☆ I'm gonna go ahead and go inside!
Mafuyu: *Nod*
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: (That girl's always so energetic...)
Mafuyu: (Also...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Mafuyu: (I think she was showing concern for me.)
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: My hands...are still warm.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 3-B]

Junior Archery Club Members: See you at club, Asahina!
Junior Archery Club Members: Happy birthday!
Mafuyu: Thank you. I'll see you later.
Mafuyu: *Sigh*
Shizuku: Good morning, Asahina. Do you have a moment?
Mafuyu: Good morning, Hinomori. I do, but... Why are you all here?
Shizuku: Well, we were on our way to give you a birthday present when we ran into these three in the corridor.
Shizuku: And so we decided we may as well come here together. Only...
Ichika: There's just one big problem...
Mafuyu: Problem?
Airi: I think it would be easier to explain once we hand over the presents.
Shiho: I agree.
Airi: Well, we'll go first...
Airi: Here you go. This is from Shizuku and me! Happy birthday, Asahina!
Shizuku: Happy birthday!
Mafuyu: Oh... Thank you.
Saki: Okay, now please accept this from us!
Ichika: Honami couldn't make it since her committee called a sudden meeting... But she and all of us worked together to pick this out for you.
Mafuyu: I see... Thank you, everyone.
Mafuyu: Would you mind if I opened them now?
Airi: Of course not!
Mafuyu: From Momoi and Hinomori... Oh, it's a blanket. And it has a lovely design.
Mafuyu: And from you girls...
Mafuyu: Oh...
Mafuyu: Is this...another blanket?
Saki: *Groan* Yes! We got you the same thing as Airi and Shizuku...!
Airi: We were talking in the corridor just now when we realized what we'd done.
Mafuyu: Hehe, is that so? But... I'm very happy with both these blankets.
Mafuyu: Momoi and Hinomori's has a minimalist design, so it won't stick out too much in school...
Mafuyu: And the other blanket is soft and looks very warm. This will be perfect for relaxing at home.
Mafuyu: I'm very lucky to receive two wonderful presents like these in one day.
Shizuku: Thank goodness... Airi and I went to several different stores to pick out a design we thought would suit you.
Airi: I'm sure your legs must get chilly when you're sitting in class. We'd love for you to get use out of it!
Saki: And we wanted to make sure you wouldn't catch a cold, so we also shopped around for something nice and warm!
Saki: We made sure to pick out the fluffiest one we could find, so we hope you like it☆
Ichika: It's going to be cold for a while longer still, so we hope it keeps you warm when you're working at home.
Mafuyu: Wow... You all put so much thought into it.
Mafuyu: Thank you so much.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: Yay! Happy birthday, Mafuyu!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Mafuyu: Thank you.
Mizuki: C'mon everyone, we have a ton of snacks, so dig in!
Mizuki: KAITO and MEIKO, come a little closer! There's no point in a party if you don't enjoy yourselves♪
Mafuyu: ...
Len (N25): How was your day, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: I got some presents.
Rin (N25): What kinds of things did you get?
Mafuyu: My classmates gave me an osmanthus-scented hand cream, my club juniors gave me a mug...
Mafuyu: And... I was given two blankets.
Miku (N25): Two of them?
Luka (N25): Hehe. It sounds like a lot of people wanted to celebrate your birthday.
Mafuyu: Yes.
Mizuki: Really? Did you do something to celebrate at home too?
Mafuyu: Nothing special...
Mafuyu: Mochizuki made pot-au-feu for dinner, and the three of us ate it together.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Honami: Um... Are you sure about this? My joining you, I mean...
Kanade: Yes, it's about dinnertime, and... It's nice to have someone over like this sometimes.
Kanade: Right, Mafuyu?
Mafuyu: *Nod*
Mafuyu: Thank you for making dinner.
Honami: Not at all. It's my pleasure to join you two.
Honami: Um, Asahina. I didn't get a chance to say it at school, but...
Honami: Happy birthday.
Mafuyu: Thank you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ena: Oh. So you had dinner with Honami.
Miku (N25): Did you get to relax?
Mafuyu: Yes. Also...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: (I couldn't taste the pot-au-feu. But...)
Mafuyu: It was warm.
Miku (N25): I see.
Mizuki: Heh heh heh... But it's still too early to be content with all that! After all, we still haven't celebrated with you♪
Mizuki: First on our program of events is a cat's cradle demonstration by Miku and Kanade♪
Miku (N25): So we should play cat's cradle...?
Kanade: I... I don't know how well I can do it...
Ena: It's fine, Mizuki's just making stuff up.
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: (This birthday was a bit different from usual...since we celebrated at Kanade's. But...)
Mafuyu: (This scene hasn't changed at all. Also...)
Mafuyu: (It really is warm.)
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000278/bg_s000278.png)
Akito: Happy birthday, Asahina. As always, thank you for looking out for Ena... Please feel free to come over again sometime.
Emu: Asahina! Did my spell work? I'd be as happy as a clam if you had a super smiley birthday☆
Rui: Hehe. If Emu cast a spell on you, then I'm confident it must have been a wonderful birthday.
Tsukasa: Indeed! No one has smile-power like Emu! But to go beyond today and fill your year with smiles, here is a birthday wish from all of us! Here we go!
Tsukasa: Asahina... Happy birthday!!!
Emu & Rui: Happy birthday!
Airi: Happy birthday, Asahina! I'd love it if we could go sightseeing together somewhere, like we did on the school trip!
Shizuku: Me too. I enjoyed our tour of the city and getting to chat together. I was so happy to make those memories with you, Asahina.
Shizuku: I said it at school, but happy birthday! As your clubmate, know that you can lean on me.
Saki: I was so shocked that we got the same present as the others...
Saki: But I'm really happy you liked them, Asahina! I hope you get lots of use out of that cozy blanket!
Shiho: Happy birthday. I often hear about you from my bandmates and Shizuku. I hope we can continue to get to know each other.
Ichika: Happy birthday, Asahina. We don't see each other as often now that we're not on the same committee... But I hope we can still chat from time to time.
Honami: Happy birthday, Asahina.
Honami: Even though I couldn't be there to give you your present, I was glad to share a meal with you. If there's ever anything I can do, please let me know.
Ena: Happy birthday, Mafuyu. Well, I guess it's not the “happiest” time for you right now...
Ena: But only if just for today, I hope you can relax. It is your birthday, you know?
Mizuki: Exactly! We hope you had a blast celebrating with us!
Mizuki: I know you have a lot on your mind lately. But we'll be there when it gets tough. That's what friends are for, Mafuyu!
Kanade: Happy birthday. It really does feel strange to say that so many times in one day.
Kanade: I know that so much has changed... But one thing will always stay the same. One day, I swear I'll write a song that can save you, Mafuyu.
Kanade: So, I'm looking forward to another year with you.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mafuyu: A lot of people gave me wished me a happy birthday today...
Mafuyu: It was different from usual in a lot of ways... But I didn't mind.
Mafuyu: So...
Mafuyu: Thank you all for the birthday wishes.
(White cut)
