988_Mafuyu Asahina_R4 Cat-Eared Guide (event_141)

Gacha phrase: There... I hope you enjoy the test of courage.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Vacant Classroom]

Mafuyu: There we are...
Mafuyu: (That should be all the gloves and hats we're going to need.)
Mafuyu: (I was also able to borrow some cans of bug spray, so that just leaves—)
???: Asahina!
Emu: I brought those garbage bags you asked for! The custodian gave me a lot, so we should be all set☆
Mafuyu: Thank you, Otori. Then, let's put these in that box over there.
Emu: Okay, got it!
Emu: Humhumhummm♪ Pulling weeds, pulling weeds, it's so much fun♪
Mafuyu: (She seems as energetic as ever...)
Emu: We'll be getting the snacks and drinks on the day of the weed pulling, right?!
Mafuyu: Yes, that's right. The teachers were going to get them for us, but the head priest was kind enough to tell the business owners in the local shopping district about what we're doing, and they've decided to give us some assistance.
Emu: Wow, even everyone from the shopping district is on board now?!
Emu: That means we've really gotta make sure we pull lots of weeds and put on a fun test of courage☆
Mafuyu: Yes, it does.
Emu: Hehe. Let's make the most of every minute we have left☆
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Mafuyu: Okay, we seem to have everything we need, so let's stop here for today. Thank you for all your hard work, Otori.
Emu: You're welcome! We both worked really hard today!
Mafuyu: Anyway, shall we start heading out? We can bundle everything up and—
Emu: Oh, Asahina, actually!
Mafuyu: Hm? Yes?
Emu: We don't have to leave for a few more minutes, so can you tell me what you think about my monster acting?
Mafuyu: Your monster acting? Oh, for the test of courage...?
Emu: Yes! I've been thinking lots and lots about how to play a cute monster!
Emu: I told Tsukasa and the others about what we're doing, and they suggested that coming up with a little story would make things easier...
Emu: So, we came up with a short story called “The Spirits of the Colorful Haunted Mansion”...!
Mafuyu: “The Spirits of the Colorful Haunted Mansion”...?
Emu: It's about people stumbling upon a mansion deep within some dark mountains. The resident spirits start by scaring them a little, but they end up becoming friends and partying together later on☆
Emu: Each room is home to a different spirit, and each of them scares people in its own unique way.
Emu: And I play a pink monster that lives in a pink room☆
Emu: Hinomori plays a snow-white yuki-onna who haunts a white room. And Honami...
Mafuyu: (She came up with a story to help her get into character...?)
Mafuyu: (She's willing to go that far.)
Mafuyu: (The test of courage is supposed to be sort of an added bonus after the weed pulling. More to the point, it's just something we have to do as class representatives...)
Emu: I'm gonna jump out and shout, but not in a scary way. My goal is to make it feel like my monster wants to play with everyone!
Emu: Oh, but! I have a feeling that doing lots of cute poses and stuff will help make things a lot more fun for everyone! Also...
Mafuyu: (She wants everyone to have fun...)
Mafuyu: (I don't really understand that feeling...)
Emu: Then, all the rooms in the mansion combine together... And make a rainbow appear in the sky!
Emu: What did you think?!
Mafuyu: *Nod* I thought your story was lovely.
Mafuyu: I'm sure that everyone will smile when they see you as that monster, Otori.
Emu: Really?! Thank goodness!
Emu: Tsukasa, Nene, Rui and I thought really long and hard about this story and my monster!
Mafuyu: I see...
Emu: Oh, but we actually came up with a few different variations!
Mafuyu: Huh?
Emu: During our discussion, we came up with lots and lots of fun ideas!
Emu: Would you like to hear them?!
Mafuyu: Oh...
Mafuyu: (The bell's about to ring.)
Mafuyu: (I don't mind staying to listen for a bit longer, but...)
Mafuyu: Yes, I am interested in hearing these other ideas...
Mafuyu: But you still haven't shown me how you're going to play your monster.
Emu: *Gasp*
Emu: R-R-R-R-Right...! U-Uhh...
Emu: Then, I'll start with the part where I jump out! Watch and tell me what you think...!
Mafuyu: (Okay, she's finally going to show me.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina)

[Shrine Grounds]

Mafuyu: Okay, you passed the test of courage with flying colors. I'll take your flashlights here.
Local Elementary Schooler A: That test of courage was so much fun!
Local Elementary Schooler B: I was worried that it was gonna be really scary, but all the monsters and stuff ended up being really cute...!
Mafuyu: Hehe. I'm glad to hear that. I'll let the monsters know that you thought they were cute.
Elementary Schoolers: Thanks! Bye bye!
Mafuyu: (That was the final group.)
Mafuyu: (I promised the scarers that I'd come get them once we finished, so I should find Hinomori and the others.)
Mafuyu: (She should be just over there, so I should probably start with her. The area she covered was—)
???: You're going the wrong way.
Mafuyu: Huh...?
???: It's this way...
Mafuyu: (That girl... Is she beckoning to me?)
Mafuyu: (She looks like an elementary schooler. I don't remember her volunteering today...)
Mafuyu: (And her yukata... It looks so old...)
Mafuyu: (Wait, is she...?)
Mafuyu: Is something wrong?
???: The yuki-onna girl lost her way.
Mafuyu: (Yuki-onna...? Is she talking about Hinomori?)
Mafuyu: I see. Thank you for letting me know. Can you tell me where she is now?
???: Yeah, my friend said she'd help her... This way.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mountain]

???: I heard a lot of people having fun earlier around the shrine this afternoon. What were you all doing?
Mafuyu: Pulling weeds.
Mafuyu: We also made shaved ice, which did seem to get everyone excited.
???: Shaved ice...? I haven't had any in so long.
???: I had some during a festival at a different shrine a long time ago...
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: We ran out of shaved ice, but we do still have a few snacks left.
Mafuyu: I'll give you some later.
???: But I didn't help pull weeds or anything...
Mafuyu: You told me that my friend was lost.
Mafuyu: I'll set aside enough for you and your friend.
???: Thanks... Then, can you leave them behind the shrine office for us?
Mafuyu: Okay.
???: Oh, also...
Mafuyu: Yes?
???: You seem a little different when you're not with your friends.
Mafuyu: Yes, that may be true.
Mafuyu: But you don't need to do what I do, right...?
???: ...! Hehe. You're right.
???: Oh, even though you noticed us here... Please don't tell the head priest that you did.
Mafuyu: Sure, but why?
???: He's a really nice man. He keeps the cemetery nice and clean.
???: So, I don't want to scare him...
Mafuyu: I see. Then, I promise not to tell him.
???: Thanks.
Mafuyu: Oh...
Shizuku: Hi, Asahina!
Mafuyu: Hinomori, there you are. Thank goodness I was able to find you.
Shizuku: Me too. I got a little lost, but this little girl kindly showed me where to—
Shizuku: Huh?
Mafuyu: Is something wrong?
Shizuku: The girl I was just with a second ago is gone. Where could she have gone...? I didn't get a chance to thank her...
Mafuyu: Oh, that should be fine. I promised to give her and her friend some snacks later.
Shizuku: Oh, okay! Then, I'll help you choose what to get.
Mafuyu: Okay. Let's choose together later.
Mafuyu: Anyway, we need to find Otori next.
Mafuyu: She should be just down that way, so we should be able to find her fairly quickly. Let's go.
Shizuku: Okay!
(Black cut)
