1014_Mafuyu Asahina_R3 Tasting Some Serious Squid (event_145)

Gacha phrase: It's more tender than I expected.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - School Festival]

[Gym]

MC: Thank you all for your patience!
MC: The Kamiyama High Quiz Tournament, brought to you by the Kamiyama High School Festival Planning Committee, will now begin!
Mizuki: Yay♪
Kanade: Almost all the seats are filled... Are we all participants?
Mafuyu: It seems that way. They've placed little flags under our chairs to use when we want to answer.
Kanade: Under the chairs...? Oh, you're right. There's a box with flags in it.
Ena: You can play while seated, so I think a lot of people are partially here to take a break like us.
MC: Ahem... I will now briefly explain the rules!
MC: This quiz is made up of ten multiple-choice questions about Kamiyama High! Each one will have four choices! When answering, please raise the flag with the number that corresponds to your choice.
MC: Only those who answer correctly will be able to proceed to the next question! We ask those who do not to put their flags back under their chairs and cheer the remaining contestants on!
Mafuyu: I suppose you can call these flags, but they're clearly just pieces of construction paper glued to disposable chopsticks...
Mizuki: You're right... Oh, look at mine. Whoever was cutting totally just eyeballed it.
Ena: Yeah, the triangle on mine looks kinda crooked too.
Kanade: I actually sort of like how they have a handmade feel to them.
MC: I should also mention that each question will become exponentially more difficult as you progress.
MC: The tenth question is incredibly hard, so we'll be giving out our snack bag prizes to anyone who answers the ninth question correctly!
Ena: Wait, you don't have to get the last question right to win stuff? That's really nice of them.
Mafuyu: Or maybe the tenth question is just impossible to get right...
Mizuki: Whoa, now I'm really interested.
MC: Now then, let's get this quiz tournament started!
Mizuki: Oh, it's starting.
Kanade: I'm not sure I'm going to be able to help much, so I'll mostly be relying on you two, Ena, Mizuki.
Ena: You can count on us! We're students at this school, so we should be able to answer anything they...
MC: Our first question will basically be a warm-up problem! “How many years have passed since Kamiyama High School was founded?”
MC: Please choose from the four choices that are going to appear on the screen!
Ena & Mizuki: Uh oh...
Ena: H-How many years has it been? I vaguely remember it being mentioned during the opening ceremony.
Mizuki: I also remember hearing it at some point... Uhh...
Mafuyu: It's #3.
Mizuki: Huh? You know the answer, Mafuyu?!
Mafuyu: I helped put together an exhibit about the history of each school in Shibuya as part of my class rep duties, so I'm fairly certain.
Ena: Then, three it is! Hurry, Kanade, raise your flag!
(Black cut)
MC: Next question! “Which event from Kamiyama High's sports festival always garners considerable acclaim?”
Mizuki: Oh, I know this one! The cheering competition! So, #1!
(Black cut)
MC: “What did Class 3-D prepare for this year's festival?” This is meant to be a freebie, so please feel free to take a look at your pamphlets!
Mafuyu: 3-D? Isn't that your class, Ena...?
Kanade: That means the answer's grilled squid, so #2.
(Black cut)
MC: And here's another freebie for you Kamiyama High students out there! “Which teacher is in charge of all the third-years?”
Mafuyu: Which one is it, Ena...?
Ena: U-Uhh... Do night school and daytime students have the same teacher assigned...?
Mizuki: Hey, don't look at me! I'm not even a third-year!
(Black cut)
MC: Alright, here comes the ninth question! This one involves the school song!
Ena: What?! I don't remember the school song!
(Black cut)
MC: Thank you all for participating in the Kamiyama High Quiz Tournament!
MC: We hope that you were all able to learn a few fun facts about our school! And please do keep enjoying our wonderful festival!
Kanade: That was a tough quiz.
Mizuki: Haha. We had to start guessing around the sixth or seventh problem.
Ena: Yeah, I'm really glad we decided to all give different answers for the ninth question so we could win a goodie bag.
Mafuyu: But we all would've been able to win goodie bags if you and Mizuki remembered the school song...
Ena & Mizuki: Urgh...
Mizuki: S-Still, that final question was so hard!
Ena: I mean, who knows off the top of their head how many windows there are in this school?
Kanade: The questions were difficult, but it felt pretty enjoyable even though I'm not a student here.
Mafuyu: The quiz seemed to be aimed at helping everyone learn a few facts about this school, so I believe they succeeded in that sense.
Ena: That's your takeaway...? Did you find it fun...?
Mafuyu: It was a nice break, I think...
Kanade: Yes, I also feel rather refreshed now.
Mizuki: That's great to hear! Anyway, what should we check out next?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - School Festival]

Mafuyu: We've gone around most of the school now...
Mizuki: Yeah, what do we have left? The stalls outside?
Ena: Yeah. We saw that cotton candy stall at the end and the ones near the rest area...
Kanade: But we still haven't been to your class's stall, Ena.
Mafuyu: The lunch rush is probably over, so it may not be all that crowded.
Ena: You're serious about going...?
Mizuki: Yeah, since we're here! You practiced making them a ton, right? You gotta grill us up some squid!
Ena: Alright, fine. If it isn't that crowded...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Stalls]

Ena: Really...? There's no one here.
Ena's Classmate: Hi, Shinonome! Oh, you brought friends...?
Ena: Yeah, they wanted to try our squid. Oh, these look just about ready, so could we have them...?
Mafuyu: Wait, Ena, aren't you going to grill us some?
Ena: Huh? It doesn't matter who makes them. They basically all turn out the same...
Mizuki: Yeah, but we wanna have ones that you grilled.
Ena's Classmate: Hehe. The grill's all yours, Shinonome. These ones are actually part of an order, and I was just about to go deliver them.
Ena's Classmate: So, show your friends just how much you've been practicing for this!
Ena: O-Okay. Thanks...
Ena's Classmate: Anyway, I'm gonna go deliver these! Have fun, everyone!
Mafuyu: Thank you.
Mizuki: Alright, Ena, show us what you got!
Ena: Okay, fine. I just need to make two, right?
Ena: I mean, all I'll really be doing is throwing them on the grill since they're already seasoned...
Kanade: Oh, they're starting to sizzle nicely.
Mafuyu: Yes, they are...
Ena: Can't somebody talk about something...?
Mafuyu: Why...?
Ena: Because this feels really awkward.
Mizuki: Haha... Alright, then... What gave you trouble when you were learning how to grill squid?
Ena: How the smell clings to your clothes.
Ena: I wore my uniform while practicing on the grill, and it kept smelling no matter how much deodorizing spray I used on it afterwards.
Mafuyu: Is that all...?
Mizuki: No way, she's surely got more to say. Like the trick to grilling them just enough for optimum flavor, or...
Ena: Seriously, all I have to do is throw them on the grill! Can't you show a little more interest in what I had to say?
Mizuki: I dunno what to tell you...
Mafuyu: Then, where were the squids you're grilling caught? Also, what species are they?
Ena: Huh? So, we made sure to find two suppliers in case anything happened with one of them...
Ena: Which one are these from...? I remember one of the suppliers was in Hokkaido...
Ena: You could've picked an easier topic, you know...?
Kanade: Umm... What should we talk about now...?
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: Come to think of it, squid is apparently “grilled” very differently depending on if you're in the Kanto or Kansai region.
Kanade: Wait, really?
Ena: Oh, one of my classmates mentioned that. We're all used to seeing squid grilled whole as it is over here in Kanto.
Mizuki: Yeah, that came up in one of the anime I saw! In Kansai...
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Ena: Alright, they're done!
Mizuki: Awesome!
Kanade: The topics you came up with made the time fly right by, Mafuyu.
Mizuki: Yeah! Oh, I don't wanna burn my tongue, so you two start without me.
Ena: Here you are, Kanade, Mafuyu. They're really hot, so please be careful.
Kanade: Thank you. Let's eat.
Mafuyu: Let's eat...
Ena: How are they?
Mafuyu: It's softer and easier to bite through than I expected...
Kanade: Yes, it's good.
Ena: Right? We did get some good squid for this.
Mafuyu: But you couldn't remember where these were caught or what species they are...
Ena: Just eat.
Mizuki: Haha!
(Black cut)
