1043_Mafuyu Asahina_R2 Delayed Reunion (event_150)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome)

[Kamiyama High School - School Gate]

Ena: Kanade! Mafuyu!
Kanade: Oh, Ena.
Ena: I mentioned this on Nightcord, but there's this one place where I think Mizuki will show up.
Ena: So, I'm gonna go there! Would you two mind sticking around here?
Mafuyu: Okay.
Ena: Thanks!
Kanade: I hope we find Mizuki soon.
Mafuyu: Me too.
Kanade: Wait, what if Mizuki comes here instead...?
Mafuyu: We can let Ena know. But I have a feeling that...
Mafuyu: ...we shouldn't let Mizuki see that we're here.
Mafuyu: Us being here would be an indicator that Ena is too, which could cause problems if Mizuki wants to avoid her.
Kanade: Then, we should hide somewhere.
Kanade: But where...?
Mafuyu: All the paths leading here are so open that there's nowhere to hide. We'll need to sneak on campus and hide in the bushes by the gate.
Kanade: Oh...
Mafuyu: We should be able to remain hidden from anyone going in or out of the school here.
Kanade: Having to squat like this is going to be hard for me, but I'll deal with the pain somehow.
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: In the event that Mizuki does discover us, we may want to say, “We came looking for Ena.”
Kanade: Wait, why?
Mafuyu: Remember what I just said? Us being here is a sign that Ena is also present.
Mafuyu: By saying that we're looking for Ena, we can claim that our business is with her alone.
Mafuyu: There's no way for Mizuki to know what we've been up to without logging in to Nightcord, which hasn't happened recently.
Mafuyu: We could say that Ena's also stopped logging in and we haven't seen her for a little while...
Kanade: Do you think Mizuki will want us to elaborate on that further...?
Mafuyu: We'd have to lie... But as long as it keeps Mizuki from running.
Kanade: Right...
Kanade: Wait, what if Mizuki runs without hearing what we have to say?
Mafuyu: Then...
Mafuyu: We'll just have to find a way to win this game of cat and mouse no matter what.
Kanade: Oh...
Kanade: But Mizuki's really athletic, right?
Mafuyu: Yes.
Mafuyu: When we played tag in SEKAI before, I don't think any of us was able to lay a finger on Mizuki.
Mafuyu: I guess someone can have the stamina of a student-athlete without actually playing for any clubs or teams.
Kanade: Right...
Kanade: But I'm sorry. I don't think I'll be of much help if it comes to a footrace...
Mafuyu: I know.
Mafuyu: We should be fine as long as we know which streets Mizuki goes down.
Mafuyu: I basically memorized all of the streets, back alleys and side alleys around Kamiyama High the last time I came here to search.
Kanade: What? A-All of them?
Mafuyu: Yes. I know which streets go where, including where all the best shortcuts are.
Mafuyu: Mizuki may miss or cut class a lot, but being a Kamiyama High student still gives the advantage here, so I felt that I needed to understand the lay of the land.
Kanade: W-Wow... I didn't realize just how much effort you were putting into our search...
Mafuyu: I thought it was necessary.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ena: Thanks for doing this, you two...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: All that's left is to see if Mizuki actually appears...
Kanade: *Nod*
Kanade: We'll be waiting right here for you, Mizuki.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Scramble Crossing]

Mizuki: Oh! Hey, Mafuyu!
Mizuki: Wait, where's Kanade? I thought you two came here together.
Mafuyu: She went to that shop over there to retrieve a CD she ordered.
Mizuki: Oh, okay.
Mizuki: Still, I'm glad I made it here in time.
Mizuki: I woke up just an hour before I had to leave my house. You should've seen the panic I was in while I got ready.
Mizuki: Thanks to that, I was only able to have a slice of bread before coming here.
Mafuyu: Were you that hungry...?
Mafuyu: I feel that you could've skipped that to give yourself more time, since we're having our after-party at the diner.
Mizuki: I know, but I've been craving pancakes today. I didn't want dessert to be the first thing I ate on an empty stomach.
Mizuki: But at the same time, I'm not sure I'd be able to handle pancakes if I had a full meal at the diner.
Mafuyu: I can't comment since I've never found myself in that sort of situation.
Mizuki: Haha. Let's ask Kanade and Ena about this when they get here!
Mizuki: By the way, I think Ena's gonna agree with me, while Kanade says more or less the same thing as you!
Mafuyu: I see.
Mizuki: I just remembered something I said to you before.
Mizuki: Remember when I talked to you about how scary it is to think you won't be accepted?
Mafuyu: Yes, I remember.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mizuki: You're afraid that he won't understand...
Mizuki: Especially since he's someone really important to you.
Mizuki: The thought of possibly being rejected after telling him everything is just so terrifying...
Mizuki: Which makes you think, why bother telling him at all?
Mizuki: That's probably why I became stuck for so long too.
Mizuki: But I'm starting to think that...
Mizuki: There are more people who will accept me for who I am than I realized.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mizuki: Now that I think about it, I really put myself on a pedestal there. I mean, the things I said and the way I talked.
Mizuki: To be honest... That was sorta also meant for me.
Mizuki: Because I care so much about myself, I'm really scared of being hurt or rejected...
Mafuyu: Then, why did you tell me all that?
Mafuyu: If you don't like being hurt, then it must've been hard for you to talk about those things.
Mafuyu: And yet, you did. Why is that?
Mizuki: ... It's because of something Luka said a little while back...
Mizuki: She said that I could help you because I was a coward who'd been running from everything.
Mizuki: And I agreed with her then.
Mizuki: Also...
Mizuki: I couldn't just leave you be, Mafuyu.
Mafuyu: I see.
Mafuyu: Mizuki.
Mafuyu: Does this mean you're done running?
Mizuki: Dunno... I really wanna stop...
Mizuki: Especially since certain people came chasing after me like there was no tomorrow.
Mafuyu: That also must've been hard.
Mizuki: Haha... Well, that was sort of a first for me...
Mizuki: The thing is, I asked Ena to wait until I was ready to talk.
Mizuki: But she ended up finding out before I got to, and then I ran away...
Mizuki: I mean, who wouldn't come chasing after me in that situation?
Mafuyu: She didn't stop complaining for a while after that day. She blames you for making her eyes hurt after crying so much, her losing her voice and being sore from running around...
Mizuki: Yeah, I know...
Mizuki: When I saw her chasing after me, I really didn't want her to...
Mizuki: I actually hoped that she'd give up.
Mizuki: But looking back, I feel really happy knowing that I have a friend who's willing to do that for me...
Mizuki: So...
Mizuki: At the very least, I'm not running again from Ena or N25... I don't want to...
Mizuki: Just, well... Go easy on me, okay?
Mafuyu: Okay...
Mizuki: Oh, there's Kanade! Hey!
Mafuyu: Ena as well. She seems sleepy...
Mizuki: Huh...? Haha. Look at that!
Mizuki: Oh, we gotta ask them about having dessert on an empty stomach!
Mafuyu: You remembered...?
Mizuki: Yup♪
Mizuki: Hey, Kanade! Ena! Over here!
(Black cut)
