1105_Mafuyu Asahina_R4 In A Silent Library (event_156)

Gacha phrase: Thanks for those special to you...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Shizuku Hinomori, Mafuyu Asahina, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

[One week before Valentine's Day]

[Miyamasuzaka]

Mafuyu: Just one week left until Valentine's Day. We're in the final stretch.
Mafuyu: Come to think of it, Mizuki's apparently going over to the sewing lounge again today.
Shizuku: Oh, that means we'll get to work as a group again.
Shizuku: How are your gifts coming along?
Haruka: I'm just about done with the embroidery on mine. I just have to shape them into pouches now.
Mafuyu: You work fast, Kiritani. I still have quite a lot left to do.
Shizuku: You also have to make your home ec project, after all.
Mafuyu: Yes, but I'm already finished with that.
Mafuyu: And I have you to thank, Hinomori. I really appreciate the help you've given me.
Shizuku: No, don't thank me... You were the one who put in the work, Asahina.
Haruka: Does that mean you can focus on your gifts for Valentine's Day now?
Mafuyu: Yes, it does. But only when I take breaks from studying.
Shizuku: You've been working in the library, yes?
Mafuyu: Yes, because it's so quiet. Embroidering has been a nice way for me to take my mind off of things.
Mafuyu: But I'm running out of time, so I'll need to pick up the pace now.
Shizuku: Yes, let's do our best together!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Sewing Lounge]

Mafuyu: (That's one finished.)
Mafuyu: (If I can keep this up, I should have everything ready by Valentine's Day.)
Mafuyu: (Next, I think I'll work on Miku's handkerchief...)
Haruka: Uh oh... I forgot how to do this part... Sorry, Shizuku, but would you mind showing me again?
Shizuku: Let's see... So that's where you are? I see. So now, you need to use a different stitch...
Mizuki: I think I'll go with a finer gradation here. Yeah, that should make it look a lot better!
Mafuyu: (They're all working so hard...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Mafuyu: Who we're giving gifts to?
Mizuki: Yeah, I was wondering where our gifts were going.
Haruka: Mine are going to the other members of my group and our manager. Them, and some senior idols who have been helping us.
Shizuku: Yes, this is a golden opportunity for us to show our appreciation for them.
Shizuku: We're able to lead fulfilling lives as idols because of their help and support.
Mafuyu: I see. I can tell that they mean quite a lot to the both of you.
Haruka: What about you, Mizuki?
Mizuki: The others in my group... And a few other friends who mean a lot to me.
Mizuki: They've been a huge source of support, and I really can't thank them enough for that.
Mafuyu: Yes... I'm sure they're going to love your gifts.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Mafuyu: (Showing appreciation for those who mean the most to you...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: Embroidery, huh... Yes, a gift does tend to feel more special when you know it's handmade.
Shizuku: Right? This is just how I feel, but I believe quite a lot of emotion goes into every stitch.
Mafuyu: A lot of emotion...?
Shizuku: Yes. The process of choosing the right design for the person you have in mind, and carefully stitching it in, really allows you to channel in your emotions.
Shizuku: Which is why, for those truly special occasions, I almost always give people things that I embroidered myself.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: (Everyone's putting their feelings for the recipients into their gifts...)
Mafuyu: (So, for Miku's handkerchief...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mafuyu: (I should try thanking her through each stitch...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Empty SEKAI]

Mizuki: Heeey! MEIKO, KAITO!
Kanade: I'm not seeing them anywhere...
Luka (N25): After Mafuyu went to the trouble of bringing her gifts for them over too.
Mafuyu: It's not like we asked them to meet with us.
Ena: But they should know about our Valentine's Day party. They could hang around nearby for today, at least...
Mizuki: Oh, MEIKO!
MEIKO (N25): I was wondering why you were all shouting. What are you up to?
Rin (N25): We were looking for you, MEIKO. Mafuyu has something for you.
MEIKO (N25): For me?
Mafuyu: This is for you, MEIKO.
MEIKO (N25): A handkerchief?
Mafuyu: You're always watching over us, so I decided to make you a gift for Valentine's Day.
Kanade: Oh... Yours has a butterfly embroidered on it.
Ena: Mafuyu did that, you know?
MEIKO (N25): She did?
MEIKO (N25): I see... Thank you for making this.
Mafuyu: *Nod*
Mizuki: The rest of us also prepared gifts, so you should come party with us if you're in the mood!
MEIKO (N25): I'll think about it.
MEIKO (N25): Anyway, if you're also looking for KAITO, he was just over there a second ago.
Kanade: He was?
Mizuki: Then, he might also appear if we keep shouting his name! Hey, KAITO! We have yummy chocolates!
Len (N25): Umm... They're sweet and delicious...
Miku (N25): Please come talk to us. Even just for a minute.
Luka (N25): Doesn't seem like he wants to.
Mafuyu: I don't have to give this to him.
Mizuki: No, it's too soon to give up. I mean, you made this just for him, Mafuyu.
Kanade: I agree. You should give it to him if you can.
Ena: Honestly, what kind of person doesn't show up after having their name called this much? If he really is just nearby, then there's no way he doesn't know we're here.
Ena: If he wants to force our hands, we'll just have to give him what he's asking for.
Mizuki: Th-This has gotten intense all of a sudden.
Luka (N25): Hehe. But I also want you to give this to KAITO personally. I'm very interested in seeing how he reacts.
Mafuyu: That's assuming he's going to accept my gift.
Luka (N25): I actually believe that he won't be able to refuse.
Mafuyu: He won't?
Luka (N25): After all, he talks about how important it is to be honest about your feelings on a daily basis.
Luka (N25): If you tell him you want him to have it, he won't be able to refuse your gift.
Kanade: Yes, I see your point...
Mafuyu: If I tell him that I want him to have it...
Mafuyu: (This handkerchief will likely just go to waste if I don't give it to him...)
Mafuyu: (But I'm not sure that equates to me genuinely wanting him to have it...)
KAITO (N25): Hey.
Ena: Aha, you finally decided to show yourself.
KAITO (N25): Who wouldn't, with you all making such a racket? Anyway, what do you all want?
Mafuyu: I have something for you, KAITO.
KAITO (N25): You?
Mafuyu: ...
Mafuyu: I embroidered handkerchiefs for everyone as gifts for Valentine's Day. I was just handing them out.
KAITO (N25): Embroidered...? You mean this blue flower?
Mafuyu: It's a bellflower. I thought it suited you, KAITO.
KAITO (N25): Okay, I'll take it...
Mafuyu: Oh...
Mizuki: He really took it...
Luka (N25): See? What did I say?
Luka (N25): But that was so anticlimactic. I wanted to see him smile, but he only gave us his usual, stone-faced expression.
Mizuki: I mean, anything else would've been pretty startling.
KAITO (N25): Are we done here?
Mizuki: No, don't go! We brought chocolates, so you should stay and have some with us!
Kanade: I'm glad you managed to hand out all of your Valentine's Day gifts.
Mafuyu: Me too. Oh, actually...
Mafuyu: I haven't given Mochizuki her gift yet.
Mafuyu: I thought about giving it to her at school, but I sort of want to do it at your house, Kanade.
Kanade: Then, let's both give our gifts to her when she visits next. I'm sure she's going to be very happy.
Mafuyu: *Nod*
(Black cut)
