82_Hatsune Miku (Ln)_R2 School SEKAI

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): ——♪ ——♪
Luka: How's it going today, Miku?
Miku (Ln): Hmm? It's going great. Both my guitar and I are in top condition! Would you like to do a session together to see for yourself?
Luka: Sure. Shall we get started right away?
Saki: Hello!
Miku (Ln): Saki! Ichika! Welcome!
Ichika: Hello.
Ichika: We, um... We've got a favor to ask you...
Miku (Ln): Yes?
Ichika: The studio where we normally practice is temporarily closed for refurbishment...
Ichika: We tried to find somewhere else we could play, but everywhere's fully booked.
Ichika: Would it be okay if we...practiced here?
Miku (Ln): That's what you came to ask? Of course you can use this SEKAI as you please. It's yours.
Luka: By the way, Miku and I were just about to have a musical session.
Luka: Would you like to join us?
Saki: We can play with you?! But we're only rookies... Is that okay with you?
Miku (Ln): We don't mind, and it will be more fun if we play together!
Ichika: Thank you, Miku and Luka!
Miku (Ln): Let's get set up. Luka, do you need a tuner?
Luka: Yes, thanks. I'll get my bass tuned.
Luka: Have you already checked your guitar, Miku?
Miku (Ln): You mean, checked if the strings haven't gone rusty or too loose? I always do that before playing. You taught me to do so.
Saki: So you normally get advice from Luka?
Luka: Yes. She's more experienced than me at playing in a band.
Saki: I didn't know that. But still, you're more experienced than me and Ichi...
Saki: So in a way, you're our seniors!
Ichika: Let me guess, the whole junior-senior dynamic is another school life feature you romanticize?
Saki: Hehehe, was it that obvious?
Miku (Ln): Hehe, I don't mind becoming a mentor figure.
Saki: In that case, I'll have to act with more respect!
Saki: Miku and Luka, you do us a great honor allowing us two scrubs to play together with you!
Saki: Ichi, now you say something polite!
Ichika: Um... Thank you for this...unique opportunity?
Miku (Ln): Well, this makes me feel more important somehow!
Saki: We should also title you properly. So it's Miss Hatsune and Miss Megurine!
Luka: Hehe, this feels very different.
Miku (Ln): But it also puts a distance between you and us.
Saki: Oh, I guess so... What would be better...? Oh, I know! Miss Miku!
Ichika: And what about Luka?
Saki: Um... Lady Luka!
Ichika: Why the different standards...?
Saki: Teehee♪
Miku (Ln): Hehe, you heard that, Luka? You're a lady.
Luka: That doesn't have a bad ring to it.
Saki: Hmm... Or maybe Miss Miku and Ms. Luka would be better?
Ichika: I think I'd like to just keep calling you by your first names, without any titles, as before.
Ichika: If you don't mind?
Luka: Hehe. If that's what you're most comfortable with, then of course that's fine.
Miku (Ln): Precisely. If you want to title us for fun, that's fine, but we can just be informal.
Luka: You don't need to use formal titles to communicate a respectful attitude.
Ichika & Saki: Right!
Luka: It seems we're all done tuning our instruments.
Miku (Ln): Let's play some music!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku)

[School SEKAI]

Honami: Um, hello?
Shiho: Miku, are you here?
Miku (Ln): Yes, I am! Welcome!
Shiho: Sorry to bother you, but is it okay if we borrow this space for a bit?
Miku (Ln): Sure. Is your usual studio still closed for refurbishment?
Honami: No, that's not why we decided to come over here.
Honami: We already had a rehearsal at the studio, but Shiho and I wanted to practice some more...
Shiho: Yeah, we wanted to work more on some bits.
Miku (Ln): Well then, could I join you as lead guitar?
Miku (Ln): I play with Ichika and Saki sometimes, but I haven't had the chance to play with you two, yet.
Honami: If you'd like to, then of course! We'll happily play with you. Isn't that right, Shiho?
Shiho: I have no objections.
Miku (Ln): Okay then! Let's begin!
(Black cut)
Honami: Thank you, Miku! It was really helpful to have you play with us.
Shiho: Yeah. It was a really good practice.
Miku (Ln): You're more than welcome! It was very satisfying. I had a great time.
Shiho: Still, it's better when we all play together.
Honami: Shiho, don't be rude...
Shiho: Oh, sorry. I guess that sounded ungrateful...
Miku (Ln): Hehe, don't worry. I know what you meant. Having the whole band together is the best.
Shiho: Yeah, that's exactly it.
Shiho: Honami, thanks for catching that.
Honami: No problem! I'm glad I didn't upset you.
Miku (Ln): Hehe.
Shiho: On a different note, there's this question that's been on my mind for a while now.
Miku (Ln): Hmm? What is it?
Shiho: The first time we met here in SEKAI, you suggested that we all play together. Why?
Honami: Oh, I was wondering about that too.
Miku (Ln): It's very simple. I knew you'd understand each other through music.
Shiho: You wanted us to communicate through music?
Miku (Ln): You seemed to have trouble communicating with words alone, so I thought that might work for you better.
Honami: You were right. Back then I found it very difficult to talk to Shiho and the others...
Honami: But playing together was an entirely different matter.
Honami: To make it work, everyone has to listen carefully to one another. Pay attention to what the others are doing.
Shiho: Yeah, but we did play terribly. The tempo was all over the place, and you guys kept missing notes...
Shiho: But despite that, it left a lasting impression on me.
Honami: Same for me. And also...
Honami: Even though we kept making mistakes... I was very excited to be playing with you.
Shiho: Miku, you made it happen.
Honami: Yes, Miku, thank you so much.
Miku (Ln): Hehe, you're most welcome.
(Black cut)
