83_Hatsune Miku (MMJ)_R2 Stage SEKAI

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): You guys were amazing today!
Rin: Just one more song!
Miku (MMJ): Let's have fun on stage until the very end!
(Black cut)
Airi: Great singing, Miku and Rin! I brought you some towels.
Rin: Oh, that's just what I needed! Thanks, Airi♪
Shizuku: This one's for you, Miku.
Miku (MMJ): Thanks!
Airi: Thank YOU for checking out our performance!
Miku (MMJ): It was our pleasure.
Miku (MMJ): But wouldn't you have preferred it if we watched you sing and dance from the audience seats?
Airi: Nope! It's useful to know how the performers sharing the stage look too!
Miku (MMJ): Well, I'm glad we could help!
Miku (MMJ): Let us know if there's anything else we can do for you.
Rin: Yeah♪ Don't be shy and show us every new performance!
Airi: You guys are great, thanks.
Shizuku: By the way, Airi... Wasn't there something you wanted to ask them?
Airi: Was there? Ah, that?
Rin: You've got a question for us? Alright, shoot!
Airi: That's a bit personal, I hope you don't mind...
Airi: What's your selling point? Like, what's your theme?
Miku (MMJ): Our...selling point?
Rin: And theme?
Miku & Rin: Hmm...
Rin: I don't think we've got anything in the sense you're asking. We do gigs together, but we're not an idol group.
Airi: Seriously?! How come you can sing and dance so well if you're not a tight-knit idol group driven by a shared vision?! Maybe it's down to you being VIRTUAL SINGERS...
Airi: But if you did settle on a theme, and got a producer to market you, you could become a phenomenon out of this world!
Rin: Huh...?
Airi: Miku could go for the pure and innocent girl theme.
Airi: Rin, you have the makings of a top younger sister type idol... Together, you could amplify each other's appeal!
Miku (MMJ): Um... What do you want us to do, exactly?
Shizuku: Hehe, Airi's totally obsessed with all things related to idol groups.
Airi: The original idol duo who made it big were PINKY WINK. They went with the cool and mysterious vibes that were popular back then.
Airi: Recently, there are only few duos. Most idols either work solo, or as part of big groups.
Airi: But I think you have huge potential as a duo of two idols with different themes! Sometimes you pull in different directions, but it highlights each other's best points...
Miku (MMJ): ...
Shizuku: You're smiling to yourself, Miku. What are you thinking?
Miku (MMJ): About this SEKAI, how it's created from the energy of lots and lots of shows.
Miku (MMJ): It's filled with the happy emotions fans feel when watching their idols performing on stage.
Miku (MMJ): It made me itch to do more shows too!
Rin: Oh, same here!
Miku (MMJ): Let's keep doing them together then!
(Black cut)
Airi: But in the end we didn't decide on themes for you...
Airi: That's the one downside of having ridiculously huge potential. It makes it harder to narrow down which way of producing you as idols would be best.
Shizuku: Well, you tried, Airi.
Miku (MMJ): Thanks for putting so much thought into it!
Rin: Oooh!
Miku (MMJ): What's the matter, Rin?
Rin: Since our role is to help people discover their true feelings...
Rin: Couldn't we be helper idols?!
Airi: Helpers, huh?
Airi: How about angelic idols helping out those in need?!
Airi: Then you can incorporate the pure and innocent, and younger sister themes into that! But why stop there...
Shizuku: Hehe, she's on a roll now...
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. It seems we're going to learn a lot about idols today♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): Rin, have you put your costume on yet? The show's starting soon!
Rin: I'm almost done, just have to tie my ribbon!
Minori: How are you, Miku and Rin?
Haruka: Do you have a moment?
Miku (MMJ): Sure, what do you need?
Minori: We wanted to ask you if we could watch your show too!
Miku (MMJ): Of course you can!
Miku (MMJ): Is it just the two of you today?
Haruka: Yes. We came because Airi and Shizuku kept boasting about the shows they've seen here without us, saying they were exceptional.
Rin: Hehe, that's nice to hear!
Miku (MMJ): We'll have to treat you to an exceptional show too!
Rin: Why don't you go sit in the front row for the best view? We'll see you in a bit!
Minori: Thanks!
(Black cut)
Minori: Wow, front row seats! I've got really bad luck with getting the seats I want, so I rarely ever get to watch a show this up close!
Haruka: I'm happy you get front row seats today, Minori.
Rin: Thank you for your patience! Here we are!
Minori: Yaaay! Miku! Rin!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe, thank you for the lovely applause♪
Rin: Today we're joined by two special guests! Minori and Haruka!
Miku (MMJ): Minori, thank you so much for your very spirited cheering! Muah♪
Minori: O-Oooh! Miku blew me a kiss?! Did this really happen?!
Haruka: You said you wanted to pick up some tricks of the trade from them, but you're just letting yourself get swept away...
Rin: It was amazing to have that encouragement from you, and we're now ready to perform our first number! Let's go!
(Black cut)
Haruka: That was wonderful, thank you. Minori, don't you want to say anything?
Minori: Uh... Thank...you so much...
Miku (MMJ): Hmm? Is something the matter, Minori?
Haruka: It looks like the special attention you gave her was too effective. She'll recover in time.
Minori: (Ugh... My heart's still racing! I can't believe Miku blew me a kiss from the stage!)
Minori: (I wonder what it'd be like if Haruka did that for me one day...)
Minori: Nnngh!
Haruka: Minori, are you okay?
Minori: Y-Yeah, I-I'm fine!
Minori: (Just imagining it nearly gave me a heart attack!)
Miku (MMJ): Your face is all red...
Minori: It's n-nothing! Anyway, I wanted to say that you were totally awesome! I was on the edge of my seat watching you dance and listening to your singing!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe, you liked it that much?
Miku (MMJ): But you know what's more amazing than us here? The power of your feelings!
Minori: Huh...?
Miku (MMJ): It's your feelings that created this whole world.
Miku (MMJ): So the reason we can stage shows here and bring fun to everyone is you guys!
Rin: That's right! And if your feelings could lead to that, you have what it takes to make even more people happy with your own shows!
Minori: Aw, Miku... Rin... Thanks!
Haruka: Look forward to seeing what we can achieve!
(Black cut)
