84_Hatsune Miku (VBS)_R2 Street SEKAI

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku)

[Street SEKAI]

Miku (VBS): ——♪ ——♪
Miku (VBS): Hmm, my voice seems to carry farther than usual today.
Miku (VBS): ——♪ ——♪
An: I heard singing coming from this street... There she is!
Kohane: Hello, Miku.
Miku (VBS): Hello, girls. What can I do for you today?
Kohane: Well, we didn't come here for any special reason...
An: Other than we missed you! Sorry if we interrupted your singing.
Miku (VBS): You didn't interrupt me, don't worry about it. I'm happy to see you!
Kohane: That's nice!
An: Do you often sing here on this street?
Miku (VBS): I do, actually. It has good acoustics, and I just like it here.
An: I totally get you. We usually sing on Vivid Street.
Kohane: There's more space there, but that also means I have to sing really loud or my voice gets drowned out by the noise.
Kohane: But it's good practice for gigs, and it helps me project my voice better.
Miku (VBS): Hmm... I'd like to hear the results of that practice!
Kohane: You want me to sing for you right now?!
An: Why not? Let's do this, Kohane!
An: Won't it be cool to do a mini performance here, in Miku's favorite spot?
Kohane: I... I suppose so!
Kohane: Um, Miku... I'll give it a try.
Miku (VBS): Great! What will you sing for me?
Kohane: Maybe... The song which led to me to become An's partner?
An: Great choice! Let's sing it then!
(Black cut)
Kohane: Phew... So w-was it okay?
Miku (VBS): It was great! I loved how you two were really enjoying yourselves.
Miku (VBS): You were so into it. That's your song, isn't it?
An: Yup! It's our special number!
An: Do you have any songs like that, Miku? That have a special meaning to you?
Miku (VBS): Hmm... Something that would bring back memories...
Miku (VBS): The song that comes to mind is the one born from your true feelings.
Kohane: Oh... And you were even singing it earlier when we arrived.
Miku (VBS): This SEKAI and the versions of me and my friends who live in it have been created by your feelings.
Miku (VBS): That's why the song embodying them is very special to us.
Miku (VBS): Just like it has that special meaning to you, it also has unique significance to us.
An: Wow, hearing that makes me kind of overwhelmed by how much influence our feelings have on everything!
Kohane: Yes...
Kohane: It's so strange to think that a world could be created from feelings.
An: Yeah, it's like a fantasy.
Miku (VBS): It's not so easy to kindle feelings which can do that.
Kohane: No?
Miku (VBS): Your feelings need to be really powerful to make a SEKAI appear. It's very rare for it to happen.
Miku (VBS): It can be compared to your singing. You've had to practice many times to sing that song well, to perfect it. It took you a lot of time and effort.
Miku (VBS): You became able to sing it well because of your strong desire to sing better.
Miku (VBS): It's like this with SEKAI, too. They grow over time with very strong feelings, nourished by unwavering determination.
An: I get it now.
An: This whole world is here because we've all been working together towards surpassing RAD WEEKEND!
Kohane: That's really something...
Kohane: But if our passion for singing grows stronger, will that give birth to yet another SEKAI?
Miku (VBS): Who knows?
An: You can't tell us? That's going to keep bugging me!
An: I guess we'll just have to test it out for ourselves!
Kohane: Yeah!
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Good luck, girls.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Miku (VBS): Welcome! Oh, it's you.
Akito: Hey.
MEIKO: Welcome, Akito. I see you've got Toya in tow.
Toya: Hello.
Miku (VBS): Are Kohane and An not with you this time?
Akito: Why do you expect us to turn up together anyway?
Miku (VBS): Because the four of you are a team, right?
Akito: It just means we have the option to sing together. Besides, having the same goals doesn't mean we always hang out together.
Miku (VBS): Your partner is as prickly as ever, Toya.
Toya: That shows he's in good mood.
MEIKO: Hehe. Well, I'm not complaining. I'm happy to get to see you in my cafe, with or without your other guys.
MEIKO: Sit down and relax.
Miku (VBS): Pick any table you like, the place is all yours.
Akito: Sure thing. Toya, you want a coffee too?
Toya: Yeah.
MEIKO: Two coffees then? I'll be right back.
Akito: ...
Miku (VBS): Are you looking for something, Akito?
Akito: Just wondering why Len's not here.
Miku (VBS): He might come later, but he doesn't come here every day.
Akito: Hm...
Miku (VBS): You wanted to talk to him?
Akito: It wasn't anything important...
Toya: He wanted to make sure Len patched things up with his partner.
Akito: Dude!
Miku (VBS): Oh? I see.
Akito: He's helped me a great deal, so I wanted to check up on him.
Miku (VBS): You have a strong sense of duty, don't you?
Toya: He does. He turns up for work half an hour before his shift to check the inventory and whatnot, even though he only needs to be there ten minutes early.
Akito: We're short-staffed, so I gotta do that.
Miku (VBS): Is that so?
Toya: I don't think that's the real reason.
Akito: Are my words worth nothing to you?
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Despite appearances, you have a serious nature?
Toya: Not serious, but responsible, I'd say.
Toya: If he says he'll do something, he will without cutting any corners. He's a perfectionist, and not only when it comes to music, but also his job and soccer club.
Toya: Even more so when the other people involved are also very dedicated.
Miku (VBS): Hmph...
Akito: Why don't you talk about this kind of stuff when I'm not here, huh?
Miku (VBS): He just wanted to clear up any misconceptions about you.
Toya: That's right. Akito's easily misunderstood, which was the case with Kohane. It makes life harder for me too, so I rather it didn't happen.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. You hear that, Akito?
Akito: ...
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Your coffees are ready!
Akito: Thanks...
Akito: ...
MEIKO: You seem perplexed.
Akito: It's just that Toya's never been the chatty type but today he won't keep his mouth shut. Maybe he and Miku are on the same wavelength?
MEIKO: Hehe. Since this SEKAI has been created from your feelings, and we're part of it, our personalities are somewhat similar to yours.
Akito: Is that so...
Toya: Another example, Akito's very caring towards his sister. He goes out to buy her snacks whenever she asks him to—
Akito: Enough, Toya! I don't want you gossiping about me!
Akito: And what's the situation with Len? Did he make up with his partner?
Miku (VBS): Won't it be better if you ask him yourself?
Akito: It doesn't look like he's coming today.
Miku (VBS): Then ask him next time you see him.
Akito: I'll have to come again, and I wanted to get it done today.
MEIKO: You should visit whenever you like. It's your SEKAI.
Toya: Let's try again some other time, Akito. We'll run into him eventually.
Akito: Sigh... Fine.
Akito: See you next time.
Toya: The coffee was delicious, thank you.
MEIKO: You're welcome. Take care, guys!
Miku (VBS): See you.
(Black cut)
