85_Hatsune Miku (WxS)_R2 Wonderland SEKAI

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rui: This is such a marvelous place.
Rui: The flowers sing, a steam train flies above, it's all like a giant stage.
Tsukasa: ...
Rui: Is something amiss, Tsukasa? You don't seem too pleased.
Tsukasa: When I asked you for inspiration for our next show on the rooftop a moment ago...
Tsukasa: I didn't mean THIS! What did you drag me here for again?!
Rui: Oh. Are you not excited to be here?
Tsukasa: Have I ever been excited about this place?!
Tsukasa: Every time we come here, we end up as Miku's pawns. I don't want to discuss our shows here, I want to get out before we get caught up in some silliness again!
Rui: I see... In that case we should go and find Miku at once.
Tsukasa: What, why?! Did you not hear what I said?!
Rui: I did, and it seems to me that getting caught up in some silliness is precisely what we need.
Rui: It's an excellent way to find inspiration.
Rui: Besides, isn't Miku like Emu in some ways? Meeting her is sure to inject you with positive energy.
Tsukasa: Positive energy? If anything, she DRAINS me of energy with all the incongruous stuff she says!
Rui: Haha, well, that's unfortunate.
Miku (WxS): Very unfortunate, yes!
Tsukasa: That's no concern to you, is it, Rui? Why is it always me suffering because of Emu's or Miku's antics...?
Tsukasa: Hold on...
Miku (WxS): Hmm?
Tsukasa: Aaargh! She's already here!
Miku (WxS): Eek!
Tsukasa: Y-You sneaked up on me!
Miku (WxS): No, I didn't! I saw you from over there and you seemed to be having fun, so I ran right over!
Miku (WxS): It's been a long time since I last saw you! How have you been?
Rui: Very well, thank you. As for Tsukasa, you can see for yourself.
Tsukasa: M-My heart's going to give out if you keep this up...
Miku (WxS): It's good to see you two are well! Is there any specific reason you came here today, or did you just want to hang out?
Tsukasa: I wouldn't come here just to hang out! We're here on a quest for inspiration.
Miku (WxS): Inspiration for...?
Rui: Our next show. Maybe you could tell us what sort of performances you normally do, and we could use that as a starting point?
Miku (WxS): Hmm, what could I describe as our usual repertoire... The other day we did magic tricks in our show!
Tsukasa: Oh, that's a good one.
Miku (WxS): It was a huge hit! KAITO climbed into a box and I stabbed it with swords!
Miku (WxS): I had five swords, and was supposed to only use three, but I decided to just use all of them! That made KAITO panic for a moment there!
Tsukasa: ?!
Miku (WxS): He's really good at acting! His screams were SO REAL! I was very impressed.
Rui: Hehe, that must have been a very thrilling show.
Tsukasa: I-Is KAITO okay?! He's not...you know...is he?!
Miku (WxS): Oh, he's perfectly fine.
Tsukasa: Th-Thank goodness...
Miku (WxS): We've also done a show about heroes defeating villains, and one with flying!
Miku (WxS): Our concept for the next one is swimming with dolphins. I've already got KAITO working on it!
Tsukasa: Heroes, flying, swimming... That's totally random.
Rui: Thank you so much, Miku. It was very informative.
Rui: Your shows can be summed up in one word. Unconventional.
Rui: We have much to learn from you.
Tsukasa: Er... I think we could've done without Miku's wisdom.
Tsukasa: But maybe you did point us in the right direction. We should let our imagination spread its wings without worrying about conventions.
Miku (WxS): Hehehe! So I helped?
Tsukasa: You did!
Miku (WxS): Yay!
Miku (WxS): You can always come and watch our shows, you know! You're welcome anytime♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: Hello!
Nene: Hello.
Miku (WxS): Yaaay! You came to see me? That's so great!
Emu: Miku! Hiii! Let's have a playdate!
Nene: Emu, we're not toddlers. It's not a playdate, it's a girls' day out. I mean, maybe that's just what playdates for grown-ups are called...
Miku (WxS): What do you do on a girls' day out?
Emu: We meet up and eat lots of candy, and talk lots too, and it's sooo much fun! Here, I brought a goodie bag of snacks and sweets♪
Emu: I've got cookies, chocolates, marshmallows, rice crackers...
Miku (WxS): Wow, that's a banquet☆
Nene: I didn't think it'd be possible to bring food over from the real world...
Emu: Why not? We carry over our stuff like smartphones, so why wouldn't it work with food?
Nene: I suppose that checks out...
Nene: (But still, it somehow doesn't make sense in my head. This strange frustration must be what Tsukasa feels whenever he is talking to Emu...)
Emu: Hmm? Your eyebrows are getting all knotted, Nene! It looks funny.
Miku (WxS): Shall we go sit on the grass over there?
Emu: Okay!
(Black cut)
Emu: Wow! You've got so many flowers around, and they all can talk!
Nene: I can't decide whether that's cool or creepy...
Emu: Do you think the flowers would like to be fed some snacks too?
Nene: Please, no, don't do that. That'd be too disturbing.
Miku (WxS): Sooo, what would you like to chat to me about?
Emu: Hmm... I know! Why don't you tell us how you normally spend time here?
Miku (WxS): Come to think of it, what do I do...
Miku (WxS): Um, forget about me! How do you spend your days, Nene?
Nene: Huh? You want to know about me...?
Miku (WxS): Yeah!
Emu: We go to different schools, so I also have no idea what you do most of the time!
Emu: So, what's your usual day like?
Miku (WxS): Yeah, tell us, tell us!
Nene: But...why do we have to talk about me? You were going to tell us about yourself, Miku...
Miku (WxS): Come on, Nene, don't make us beg you!
Emu: Yeah, come on!
Nene: (I understand Tsukasa better now... I wish I knew how to assert myself like he does...)
Emu: Nene! Don't keep us waiting!
Miku (WxS): Tell us about yourself! Curiosity's driving me crazy now!
Miku (WxS): Tell us～♪ Tell us～♪
Nene: Why...? Why are you singing at me?!
Emu: I want to know too♪
Emu: Flowers, sing with us!
Miku & Emu: I～♪ want～♪ to～♪ know～♪
Miku & Emu: Lalala～～～～♪
Nene: Fine! Fine!
Nene: I'll answer your question, so please stop singing!
Miku & Emu: Okay♪
Nene: I never imagined I'd miss Tsukasa so much...
Miku (WxS): So? How do you spend your days?
Nene: I don't get up to anything too exciting. It's quite boring, really....
Miku (WxS): Let us be the judges!
Miku (WxS): Besides, we're not here for spicy gossip. We just want to get to know you better!
Nene: Okay...
Emu: Yeah! You can tell us just about anything, there's no pressure!
Nene: Right...
Nene: But when I'm done, it'll be your turn, okay?
Emu: Sure♪
Miku (WxS): Yup!
(Black cut)
