88_Hatsune Miku (MMJ)_R4 The Big Debut

Gacha phrase: Let's perform on stage together!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): Hehe. How cute.
Rin: Miku? What do you look so happy for?
Miku (MMJ): Oh, Rin! Look at this! Ta-da!
Miku (MMJ): These are the new costumes for our next show♪
Rin: Wow! They're so cute!
Rin: That's going to look perfect on you! Try it on!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Not yet. We agreed to practice right up until the next show first, remember?
Rin: Oh, come on! I just want a quick peek...
Minori: Hello! Miku, Rin, are you here?
Miku (MMJ): Oh, Minori! Hello!
Rin: Hey, there! Are you alone today?
Minori: Hehe. Yeah. I thought I'd come do some practicing on my own.
Miku (MMJ): Really?! We were just talking about our next show. Since you're here, would you like to practice with us?
Minori: Are you sure?
Rin: Of course! Let's practice!
Minori: Hehehe. Thanks for the invite, Miku! Rin!
(Black cut)
Minori: One, two, three, four, turn!
Miku (MMJ): Minori, you're really making sure to do each and every step carefully, aren't you?
Minori: Yeah. I'm still kind of a beginner at this idol stuff. My dancing isn't very good unless I really focus like this.
Rin: I don't think that's true! You've really improved!
Minori: Y-You think so? Hehe, thanks.
Minori: I'm still going to work even harder, though! One, two, three, four...
Rin: Minori sure is working hard. She's really improving.
Miku (MMJ): Yeah. It's too bad she doesn't really have the chance to see just how much she's improved, though.
Rin: Yeah, you're right.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I have an idea! What do you say we...
Rin: Yeah! That's perfect!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Great! Let's do it!
(Black cut)
Minori: Thanks for practicing with me today. I'll have to come back again.
Miku (MMJ): Hey, Minori. Do you think you can come back at the same time tomorrow?
Minori: Huh? Sure. I don't have any plans after practice, so that should be fine.
Rin: Great! See you tomorrow, then! We'll be waiting!
Minori: Okay. See you tomorrow!
(Black cut)

[The next day]

Minori: Miku, Rin, are you here?
Miku (MMJ): Hi, Minori! We've been waiting for you!
Rin: Welcome!
Minori: Wah! So cute! Is that a new costume?
Miku (MMJ): Yep! We're unveiling them in our upcoming show!
Minori: That's great. I'll make sure I'm here to cheer you on.
Miku (MMJ): Minori, you should be in the show with us.
Minori: What?! I-I couldn't! My dancing still needs a lot of work!
Miku (MMJ): You'll be just fine, Minori! You've gotten really good!
Minori: But...
Miku (MMJ): You haven't had nearly as many opportunities to perform in front of people like Haruka and the others, right?
Miku (MMJ): Well, we want to help give you more chances!
Minori: I...
Miku (MMJ): Being an idol isn't about being able to perform a perfect song and dance routine.
Miku (MMJ): The reason I get up on stage is so I can give joy and hope to others.
Miku (MMJ): You feel the same way, don't you?
Minori: I do!
Minori: I want to see everyone's smiling faces! That's the reason I want to perform!
Miku (MMJ): Good! That's exactly how it should be!
Miku (MMJ): C'mon, Minori! Rin!
Rin & Minori: Right!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): The show we did the other day with Minori went great, don't you think?!
Miku (MMJ): It looked like she was really enjoying herself, too! It was so much fun!
Rin: Yeah, it sure was! The whole crowd loved it, too!
Rin: I hope our next show will be just as good.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe, me too. What do you say we start thinking about what to do for next time?
Rin: Sure!
Miku (MMJ): We already make sure to always go all out on our singing and dancing, though.
Miku (MMJ): I know! How about we try adding some kind of fun segment in the middle of the show?
Rin: An interesting segment? But whoever's MCing already does that.
Miku (MMJ): What about doing a magic trick or something?
Rin: Didn't we already do one of those while singing that one time?
Miku (MMJ): Oh, you're right!
Miku (MMJ): We've done so many shows that it's getting hard to come up with brand new ideas.
Rin: Yeah, this is tough...
Minori: Hello, Miku, Rin.
Rin: Oh, Minori!
Miku (MMJ): Hello! What brings you here today?
Minori: Actually, I wanted to stop by and say thanks again for asking me to perform with you the other day. It was really fun.
Minori: I really appreciate it.
Miku (MMJ): Don't mention it. Having you up on stage with us was a lot of fun for us too.
Miku (MMJ): Right, Rin?
Rin: Yeah! I hope you'll perform with us again some time!
Minori: Hehehe, I'm happy to hear that! I'm looking forward to it.
Minori: I'll make sure to practice extra hard so I'm ready whenever the time comes. More, more!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. We'll have to work extra hard too, then!
Miku (MMJ): Rin, now we really need to come up with a new way to get the audience extra fired up!
Rin: Yeah!
Minori: A new performance? I guess you've always got to be thinking about what to do next, huh?
Minori: Oh, but...
Miku (MMJ): Hm?
Minori: I still really liked the performance you did for us the first time we all came to this SEKAI.
Minori: I kind of wish I could see it again.
Miku (MMJ): Oh...
Rin: You really want to see it even though you've already seen it before?
Minori: Sure. You were so dazzling that night! It was wonderful!
Minori: Oh, sorry! I really need to get going! I have to meet Haruka and the others for practice soon.
Minori: See you later!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, right... Bye!
Rin: See you soon, Minori!
Miku (MMJ): ...
Miku (MMJ): Huh... Maybe we don't have to force ourselves to come up with new ideas all the time.
Rin: Yeah. We've got plenty of new outfits. Maybe we've been overthinking this.
Miku (MMJ): Up until now, we've always tried our best to give the audience the best show that we can.
Miku (MMJ): Maybe instead of coming up with something new this time, we work on perfecting our previous performances?
Rin: I like that idea! It might be fun to mix and match ideas from different shows we've done, too.
Miku (MMJ): Yeah! This is going to be great!
Miku (MMJ): I can't believe we've never thought about this before. I feel like Minori just helped us grow as idols again.
Rin: Hehe. Me too.
Miku (MMJ): Alright, Rin! Let's get to planning!
Rin: Right!
(Black cut)
