145_Hatsune Miku (WxS)_R4 Wonder☆Christmas (event_8)

Gacha phrase: Let's give 'em a show they'll remember!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): It's almost Christmas♪ What's our show gonna be like?
Miku (WxS): Oh, how about one with lots of Santas! Having lots of presents would be so much fun☆
Miku (WxS): And what else... Oh? It's the plushies.
Plushie A: Did you hear? KAITO's planning a Christmas show!
Plushie B: What, really? What's it going to be like?
Miku (WxS): (Yay! It seems everyone's looking forward to Christmas!)
Plushie B: Apparently this thing called snow is supposed to fall during Christmas too.
Plushie B: It's white, fluffy and falls from the sky! It even disappears when you touch it!
Plushie A: That's so strange, but it must be pretty! I'd like to see it!
Plushie B: And, and, there's something called a sleigh that you can ride on and fly around the sky!
Plushie A: Wow! Will that be in the show too?
Miku (WxS): (Snow and a flying sleigh... Hehehe. These are some good ideas!)
Miku (WxS): (Hmm, I wonder if the plushies know about Santa too? And the reindeer? He's the one that rides the sleigh while delivering everyone's presents after all...)
KAITO's Voice (KAITO): Miku! Come over and let's start talking about our next show!
Miku (WxS): Sure♪ I'll be right there!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: First, does anyone already have any ideas for what they'd like to have in our Christmas show?
Miku (WxS): Yes! Me! Me! Me! I want to have snow falling on the stage!
KAITO: Snow on the stage...?
Miku (WxS): And reindeer too! With a sleigh that flies around the sky♪
Len: Wow, reindeer and a flying sleigh?! That all of that sounds really fun!
KAITO: Yes, those are some great ideas. And of course, it wouldn't be Christmas without Santa.
KAITO: Now let's think about how we can make it all happen.
Miku (WxS): Yeah! We can do it! I know it!
Len: Haha, you're burning with motivation!
Miku (WxS): (The plushies will love it!)
Miku (WxS): One more thing! Let's invite the Wonderlands troupe♪ They might be able to give us some exciting ideas for our show too!
Len: Yeah! Let's do it together with them!
Miku (WxS): Okay! I'll go over to Phoenix Wonderland to see Emu and the others!
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): Sob... I'm back...
KAITO: Are you okay, Miku?
Len: What's wrong? Were you able to talk to them?
Miku (WxS): No, I did but... They're all busy preparing for their own show.
Miku (WxS): Nene looked so sad too and said she wasn't interested in joining our show.
Len: So they won't perform with us?
Miku (WxS): No, I'm not giving up just yet...!
Miku (WxS): I don't know what's eating away at Nene, but...
Miku (WxS): Tsukasa seemed determined to help her! And I'm sure he will!
KAITO: I see. In that case we can invite them again later.
KAITO: (We'd still need someone to help with our show, though... But I know who else I might be able to recruit as actors.)
KAITO: Worst case scenario, we can at least invite them to watch our play.
Len: Yeah! And the plushies have to see the show too! They'll get so excited about the snow and the flying sleigh!
Miku (WxS): Yup! Um, wait a minute... How did you know about the plushies?
KAITO: We were talking about the show while you went over to Phoenix Wonderland.
KAITO: It was easy to guess why you suggested snow and the sleigh since the plushies were talking about them too.
Miku (WxS): Hehehe, was it that obvious?
KAITO: We're going to have our hands full preparing this show. Let's all do our best!
Miku (WxS): Okay! Let's make it the best Christmas show ever and bring Christmas cheer to everyone♪
Len: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): La-di-da-di-da♪ As usual, we had a really fun performance!
Plushie A: Yeah! It was great! Let's finish putting the props away so we can go talk about it with everyone!
Plushie B: Okay! Let's do it!
Miku (WxS): Oh, is someone waiting outside? Is that...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nene: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (WxS): It's Nene. Why's she not coming in?
Miku (WxS): (Oh, maybe it's because she still feels shy around the plushies?)
Miku (WxS): (Well, let's make her more comfortable☆)
Miku (WxS): Little ones, you go and play. I'll take care of the rest♪
Plushie A: Wait, really?
Plushie B: Yay! Thanks, Miku!
Miku (WxS): Yup! No problem!
Miku (WxS): Nene! It's just me here now!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nene: Oh! Um...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (WxS): How are you, Nene? Is there something you want to talk about?
Nene: Um...
Nene: I just wanted to tell you that we finished the last of our Christmas show performances and that they all went well.
Miku (WxS): That's great! And thank you for coming over to tell me about it!
Miku (WxS): And what about the contest?
Nene: We managed to beat our rivals this round.
Nene: But they still lead in total points, so we have to do really well during our next performance to win.
Miku (WxS): That's great! I'll be cheering for you!
Nene: Thanks.
Miku (WxS): ...
Nene: Miku...?
Miku (WxS): The first time you visited SEKAI, you spent the whole time hiding behind Robo-Nene...
Miku (WxS): But now you're here talking to me face to face☆
Nene: Oh...
Miku (WxS): Hehehe! It makes me very happy♪
Nene: Really...?
Miku (WxS): Huh? What's wrong, Nene?
Nene: Um, well...
Miku (WxS): There's no rush! You can tell me whenever you like.
Nene: Okay, well... I've been wondering about this for some time...
Nene: This world was created based on Tsukasa's feelings, right?
Nene: You and KAITO have been inviting us here to see your shows, so that Tsukasa would remember what his true feelings were, I guess...?
Miku (WxS): Yup, that's correct.
Nene: So this is what I don't get...
Nene: Tsukasa's already discovered his true feelings, and I'm just performing in the same troupe as him so...
Nene: Why do you and KAITO care about me at all?
Miku (WxS): Hehe, that's simple! It's because we want to see you blossom as an actress!
Nene: Huh... That's it?
Nene: But you do so much for me and encourage me every time I visit...
Nene: It's not that I'm worried about Tsukasa getting annoyed with me getting so much support from you, but I feel like you're spoiling me with this being his SEKAI and all...
Miku (WxS): We're absolutely not, Nene!
Miku (WxS): And besides, you have a connection to SEKAI too!
Miku (WxS): Tsukasa's wish of bringing joy to everyone with your shows is also your wish!
Nene: Oh...
Miku (WxS): Tsukasa also needs you, Emu and Rui to create the shows he dreams about!
Miku (WxS): You can't make great shows alone after all!
Miku (WxS): Don't you think so too, Nene? Don't you need your friends to create really special performances?
Nene: Yes, I do...
Miku (WxS): Keep coming to SEKAI whenever you like! I want to talk to you more and more♪
Miku (WxS): Come for rehearsals, shows or just to hang out! You're always welcome here and promise not to be a stranger!
Nene: I promise... Thanks, Miku.
Nene: Next time, I'll drop by just for fun. I'll bring Emu along too.
Miku (WxS): That'll be great☆ I'll be looking forward to it♪
(Black cut)
