149_Hatsune Miku (VBS)_R4 Powerful Smile (event_9)

Gacha phrase: Why not walk away while you can?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Crase Cafe]

Miku (VBS): The Hanetsuki battle was so much fun.
Kohane: Yeah! The match between you and MEIKO versus Rin and Len at the end was so exciting!
An: Both pairs were like well-oiled machines and every rally lasted really long.
Akito: I like how you guys split into the front and back players. It felt very strategic with everyone calling out plays.
Toya: I noticed that too... Have you guys played Hanetsuki before?
Miku (VBS): Nope. It was our first time.
Miku (VBS): I suppose we approached it like a badminton or tennis match. What do you think, MEIKO?
MEIKO: Yes, I'd say so. It translated into Hanetsuki rather well.
Len: Oh, I see! But if you two were competing against each other, I wonder who'd win.
Rin: I'm curious about that too. Why don't you two play against each other?
Miku (VBS): Oh, that's alright. I've had my fill of excitement.
MEIKO: Same here. Besides, I'd rather not have my face get all covered in ink...
Len: Aww! You're no fun...
Rin: I guess we can get rid of the remaining ink then?
MEIKO: Right. We don't really have any use for it so...
Miku (VBS): Hmm... I don't think that's true.
Miku (VBS): Didn't you mention something about calligraphy and writing out what you want to do this year?
Kohane: Oh, you mean New Year's resolutions?
Rin: Resolutions?
Kohane: You think of what you want to achieve during the new year and write it with a calligraphy brush on a piece of paper.
Len: Oh, okay. But calligraphy sounds kinda tough.
Rin: Yeah. But it'd be something new for us to try!
Miku (VBS): Kohane, could you show us how it's done?
Kohane: Huh, me?
Miku (VBS): I'd like to see an example before I try it myself.
Rin: Yes. Please show us, Kohane!
Kohane: Okay. I'm not very good at calligraphy, but I'll give it my best shot!
An: If you're doing it, so am I!
Miku (VBS): And how about you two?
Akito: I'll pass.
Toya: Same. We wouldn't have enough ink for everyone anyway.
An: Oh, alright. Now, let's do this!
Rin: Yay! MEIKO, can we use this table?
MEIKO: Sure, but put this paper underneath so the wood doesn't get stained.
Kohane: We'll do that. Thanks!
Len: Okay, what do we do now...?
Kohane: Hold the brush like this, dip it in the ink and...
Kohane: Write each character very carefully. Make sure to write straight lines decisively, like this... And curved lines with a bit of finesse, like this...
Len: Wow! That looks awesome!
Miku (VBS): And I like the word you chose. Challenge.
Kohane: I chose it because I want to challenge myself to become as good at singing as everyone else.
Kohane: But to do that, I have to gain experience by taking the initiative.
Miku (VBS): That makes sense. Nice!
An: If that's what Kohane is going with, I know what to pick.
Kohane: Forward...?
An: Yeah. Now that I have the most awesome partner, and friends to match, all we have to do is to keep moving towards our goal.
Miku (VBS): Oh, I like your resolution too!
Len: Alright, it's our turn now!
Rin: Sorry, Kohane. Can you show me again how to hold the brush?
Kohane: Sure. Hold it like this and...
MEIKO: Hehe. They're really enjoying it.
Miku (VBS): They really are.
Miku (VBS): How about you, Akito, Toya? What are your New Year's resolutions?
Akito: Resolutions, huh...?
Toya: For me, it's... Determination.
Akito: Like sticking with it?
Toya: Yes. My dad disapproves, but I've made up my mind about singing with you guys.
Toya: I want to keep performing with you, no matter what.
Akito: Alright.
Miku (VBS): Nice! That's great! And what about you, Akito...?
Akito: I guess I don't have a choice...
Akito: Mine is... Victory. What happened at STAY GOLDEN is still nagging at me.
Akito: I want to compete in another battle. And get a better result this time.
Miku (VBS): Yeah, I'll keep my fingers crossed.
MEIKO: Hehe. I see no one here's lacking any ambition. I'm sure another exciting year awaits us.
Miku (VBS): Yeah. I think so too!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, Akito Shinonome, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Crase Cafe]

Miku (VBS): I'll carry the dishes...
MEIKO: Thanks for the help, Miku. But you know...
MEIKO: ...
MEIKO: It's so quiet without everyone here.
Miku (VBS): Yeah. Are you feeling lonely...?
MEIKO: Maybe.
MEIKO: You've had that look on your face since they left too.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. You noticed?
Miku (VBS): Seeing them talk about their New Year's resolutions made me think back to how they were when we all first met.
MEIKO: Oh, I know what you mean. They've come a long way, haven't they?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Kohane: Is this place really the result of both our feelings?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Miku (VBS): Kohane's really changed her look since then. She used to have long hair and wore glasses...
MEIKO: She'd only just met An and didn't understand her own feelings yet.
Miku (VBS): But then...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Kohane: After An shared her dream with me, I decided to sing as best I could...
(White cut)
Kohane: My... My true feelings...
Kohane: I want to put on an event that will surpass RAD WEEKEND!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Miku (VBS): She acknowledged her lack of resolve, as well as her shortcomings, and found the determination to tackle them.
Miku (VBS): Thanks to that resolve, Kohane managed to discover what it was that she really wanted.
Miku (VBS): I was so happy to see that moment of realization too.
MEIKO: Meanwhile, Len was sulking because he was looking forward to hanging out with Toya and Akito, but they didn't want to come to SEKAI.
Miku (VBS): Yeah. I remember that. But you sorted that out...
MEIKO: Oh, it wasn't all me. Len played his part too.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Len: I have a friend who's really important to me, too. We're always together, and it's so much fun when we sing, but...
Len: We still fight sometimes, so I kind of understand.
Len: It always feels really lonely after you fight with someone close to you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Miku (VBS): Oh, so that's how it went.
Miku (VBS): Maybe it struck a chord with them because it was Len who said that.
Miku (VBS): It'll be interesting to see how their group evolves from here on out.
MEIKO: Yeah...
MEIKO: Hmm... But something tells me you already have an idea, no?
Miku (VBS): I'm not a fortune teller...
Miku (VBS): But that's not to say I haven't been thinking about some possible outcomes.
MEIKO: Oh? Won't you share them with me?
Miku (VBS): Well, for example... Right now Kohane is focusing on improving her skills to match her friends.
Miku (VBS): But one day, she could end up being the strongest member of their group. Things like that.
MEIKO: I could see that happening. Once she sets her mind to something, she really commits and never wavers.
Miku (VBS): Exactly. But the rest of the group won't be content with how things are now either.
Miku (VBS): They may be friends, but they're also all very competitive.
Miku (VBS): Well, it's just one interesting possibility. It'd be great if I turned out to be right.
MEIKO: You're really hoping for it, aren't you...?
MEIKO: Is it because you want them to reach a level where they become your rivals?
Miku (VBS): Oh, was it too obvious?
MEIKO: Yes. I saw right through you.
MEIKO: I mean, you're all so competitive.
Miku (VBS): True.
Miku (VBS): In fact, I'd like nothing more than for them to exceed my expectations.
Miku (VBS): That would make me the happiest.
(Black cut)
