277_Hatsune Miku (Ln)_R3 Rooftop Chat (event_33)

Gacha phrase: Just from watching you each day, you know, Shiho?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Phew... That should be enough for today.
Miku (Ln): Thank you for your help, Luka.
Luka: Hehe. It was my pleasure. You also seemed a bit lonely since the girls aren't here today.
Miku (Ln): What? I wasn't lonely. And I'm sure they're all off enjoying their own moon viewing parties.
Luka: Yes, so let's make sure to ask them all about what they all did.
Miku (Ln): Yes, let's.
???: Miku, Luka...
Miku (Ln): Huh...?
Luka: Oh, Shiho. Welcome.
Miku (Ln): What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be with your sister right now...?
Shiho: Yeah, I am. But I wanted to give you guys these...
Luka: Are these dango...?
Shiho: Shizuku and I just had a moon viewing party, but we ended up with some extra dango.
Miku (Ln): I see.
Luka: Hehe. And based on your smile, is it fair to say that you had a lovely time?
Shiho: Yeah, I did.
Shiho: Which is also why I came by to thank you all...
Miku (Ln): Thank us?
Shiho: Yes. Remember the story I told you about me and Shizuku?
Shiho: After that, on my way home, I ended up watching her stream...
Miku (Ln): Oh, how was it?
Shiho: Well, she kept talking about us when we were little, which was pretty startling at first.
Luka: Hehe. I see. She must love you just that much.
Shiho: I... I guess...
Shiho: Ironically, her talking about us helped me understand how she really felt about me...
Miku (Ln): What do you mean?
Shiho: Again, this goes back to that story I told you and how I believed that I'd never really done anything for Shizuku...
Shiho: But during her stream, she talked about how she was encouraged by some of the things I did.
Luka: Oh, really...?
Miku (Ln): Hehe. See? Didn't I say that she probably feels the same way?
Shiho: Yeah.
Luka: So, you had a moon viewing party with her?
Shiho: Yeah. It was myself, Shizuku and the other idols from her group.
Miku (Ln): How was it?
Shiho: A little rowdy at times, but really fun.
Shiho: I found out that one girl's a big Phenny fan too, so we talked a lot about that. Oh, and this older girl made some delicious dango dishes for us...
Shiho: And Shizuku was just Shizuku.
Miku (Ln): I wish I could've been there. I'd love to meet your sister.
Shiho: No, that won't be necessary...
Shiho: But... Thanks.
Shiho: If you two weren't there to nudge me forward that time, I probably wouldn't have been able to realize what I did and spend time with my sister like this.
Shiho: These dango are also my way of saying thank you.
Shiho: I appreciate what you did for me, Miku, Luka. You gave me the courage to move forward.
Miku (Ln): Oh, you're exaggerating.
Miku (Ln): But still, I'm glad... Especially since it sounds like you had a really lovely evening.
Miku (Ln): And thank you for the dango as well. We'll make sure to share some with MEIKO and Rin.
Luka: Oh, why don't we invite them over and have ourselves a little moon viewing party?
Miku (Ln): Would you like to join us and have some dango together, Shiho?
Shiho: I'm pretty full already. Also, I have school tomorrow.
Luka: Oh, that's unfortunate.
Shiho: But please invite me next time. For now, good night...
Miku (Ln): Good night, Shiho. And thank you again.
Miku (Ln): I'm so glad her evening went so well.
Luka: Hehe. You were so worried about her too, Miku.
Miku (Ln): Hey, you were too. Right?
Luka: True. But I'm also glad that she was able to spend such quality time with her sister.
Luka: Now then... Shall we go find MEIKO and Rin?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI - Rooftop]

Miku (Ln): Rin, could you grab the other end of this tarp for me?
Rin: Sure! Here?
Miku (Ln): Yes, now pull...!
Rin: Wh-Whoa! It's so flatly laid out now!
Rin: Are you some kind of tarp-laying genius, Miku-P?
Miku (Ln): I'd sort of rather be a genius of something else...
Rin: Aww, I was trying to compliment you☆
Miku (Ln): Oh, Rin...
MEIKO: Thanks for waiting, you two... Hm?
Luka: Oh, you've already gotten started.
Rin: MEIKO, Luka! Where were you both?!
MEIKO: Sorry, but we did bring some dango in return.
Luka: Here, have a look.
Rin: Oh, those look amazing♪ Soy glaze, soybean powder, soy sauce and... Roasted ones too!
MEIKO: Shiho brought us these, so we'll have to thank her again later. For now, let's dig in.
Miku (Ln): Oh, Rin, MEIKO, wait just one moment.
Rin: What's up, Miku-P?
Miku (Ln): There's still something I need to do. Would you mind waiting just a little bit longer?
(Black cut)
Rin: Oh wow...!
MEIKO: Look at that... Plates, napkins and chopsticks for all of us...
Rin: And these cushions! Aren't they adorable? They're so soft and comfy too!
Luka: Hehe. With these, we should be able to relax very nicely while we look up at the moon.
Rin: Yeah, these are perfect! Were these always here?
Miku (Ln): The girls have been having birthday parties and planetarium nights here.
Miku (Ln): So they decided to leave these here because they figured that they'd use them again in the future.
Rin: And I'm glad they did! That's so smart of them♪
MEIKO: I was okay with just sitting on a tarp, but these do add a nice touch.
Rin: Yeah☆ Hey, does anyone else smell something really good...?!
Luka: Would you all like some tea? I'm sure it'll go well with our dango.
Rin: Oh, me! I want some! It's like a real party now!
MEIKO: Is this something the girls left here too?
Luka: Yes. It's Honami's, actually.
Rin: Oh, isn't this the mug that we used during that tea party we had with Hona? I didn't know that she left these here!
Miku (Ln): She did. She wanted to make it so we could have tea whenever we like.
MEIKO: Hehe. We'll have to savor every drop then.
Miku (Ln): Right! Anyway, shall we get started?
Miku (Ln): Such a beautiful moon...
Luka: Yes, it really is. The way it glows is so majestic too.
Rin: Yeah, this is the best! On top of that, the dango Shiho brought us goes so well with this tea♪
Rin: But that reminds me of something Sakki said. Do you think it's true that there's a rabbit living on the moon?
Miku (Ln): A rabbit on the moon? Hmm... I'm not so sure about that...
MEIKO: It's true, Rin.
Rin: What?! No way, really?!
MEIKO: Yes, really. It even pounds mochi on the night of the 15th.
Rin: Wait, why's it making mochi?! This is starting to go way over my head!
Rin: But it'd be so amazing to meet this rabbit! We could have mochi together and even do a little session♪
Miku (Ln): It would be interesting to hear it play the guitar.
Luka: Hehe. I'm sure that you'd get along just fine with it.
Miku (Ln): Huh?
MEIKO: Yeah, because you're Miku-P!
Miku (Ln): Wait, MEIKO, you too...?! Why can't I just be Miku?
Rin: Haha♪
(Black cut)
