298_Hatsune Miku (VBS)_R4 Even What You Don't Want To Hear (event_37)

Gacha phrase: Isn't it just that?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

MEIKO: Welcome, Miku. Are you guys done with practice?
Miku (VBS): We found a good place to stop, so I came to help out.
MEIKO: Oh, I really appreciate that. And will it be a cafe au lait for you?
Miku (VBS): Yes, iced, please.
MEIKO: Coming right up.
Miku (VBS): ...
Miku (VBS): (Practice went just fine but... I can't help, but wonder...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (VBS): (For a while now, it seems like An hasn't been at 100%.)
Miku (VBS): (But they did just perform in a big event. I suppose anyone would want to relax a little after something like that.)
Miku (VBS): (At the same time, she seems bothered by something. So much so that Akito's begun to take notice.)
Miku (VBS): Hmm...
MEIKO: Is something bothering you, Miku? I hardly ever see you like this. Anyway, here's your cafe au lait.
Miku (VBS): Oh, thank you.
Miku (VBS): Um, MEIKO...? Have either An or Akito come to talk to you recently? Did they seem bothered by anything?
MEIKO: An and Akito?
Miku (VBS): Yes. An seems bothered by something and Akito seems to be worried about that.
MEIKO: Hmm... I really can't say.
Miku (VBS): Okay...
MEIKO: But I didn't expect to hear that An's name when you first started talking.
Miku (VBS): I was surprised too. I always figured that An would ask her teammates when she needed help figuring out something...
MEIKO: Me too. That was also exactly the case when she was trying to get Kohane to believe in herself more.
MEIKO: She tried talking to me, her father, Akito and Toya about it. Pretty much everybody she could.
Miku (VBS): Right, and I think that's one of An's best qualities.
Miku (VBS): But something feels different this time around.
MEIKO: Could it simply be that it has nothing to do with us, music or her team...?
Miku (VBS): I'm not sure...
Miku (VBS): I seem to only ever see that look of concern on her face whenever she's practicing...
Miku (VBS): Akito probably became worried because it has everything to do with their music and team.
MEIKO: Hmm... I see...
Miku (VBS): (Not only that, she looks even worse whenever Kohane's name comes up in conversation.)
MEIKO: What if it's something like this?
Miku (VBS): Like what?
MEIKO: It's something she can't tell her teammates.
Miku (VBS): Huh...?
MEIKO: Oh, don't kid with me. You know what I'm talking about, right?
MEIKO: She could be afraid of letting her teammates down or them not understanding her problems.
MEIKO: Everybody has their reasons.
Miku (VBS): ...
MEIKO: However, it could also be that she doesn't know how to talk about what she's feeling...
Miku (VBS): Wait, how?
MEIKO: She might not quite know how to describe or explain whatever she's going through.
Miku (VBS): Oh, I see...
MEIKO: But the possibility that An wants to resolve this on her own isn't zero.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. That's still my expectation.
Miku (VBS): (But...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
MEIKO: If you're that worried about her, why not just ask her yourself?
Miku (VBS): I mean...
Miku (VBS): No, I'd like to keep observing for a little while longer...
Miku (VBS): Like you said, there are still other possibilities out there and we don't know everything yet.
Miku (VBS): Even Akito's still just watching and refraining from interjecting.
Miku (VBS): So for now, I should probably just be patient.
MEIKO: Okay...
MEIKO: Since what one of them does affects the entire team, this may've just been an inevitability.
Miku (VBS): Maybe...
Miku (VBS): (I really can't say what's bothering An, but I sure hope she finds a good way to get through this.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Hatsune Miku)

[Street SEKAI]

Miku (VBS): ♪————!
Miku (VBS): ♪——!! ♪————!!
Miku (VBS): Phew... That should be enough for today.
Miku (VBS): Thank you for waiting. I'm all done now.
An: Haha. Busted, huh...?
Miku (VBS): I mean, I can sense when you guys come over to SEKAI so...
An: Right...
Miku (VBS): Anyway, is something the matter? I don't remember hearing anything about you guys having practice here today.
An: No, I just came here to talk. You know, about what's been bothering me?
Miku (VBS): Shall we head over to MEIKO's place...?
An: No, here is fine. Would you mind listening for a bit?
Miku (VBS): Of course.
An: Thanks, Miku!
An: So, you know... I really love the way Kohane sings.
An: My heart begins racing whenever she does and feel like something amazing's about to happen.
An: That's why I want to be by her side... I want to sing with her forever!
An: I want to be a partner that she can respect and be proud of!
Miku (VBS): And this is how you truly feel, An?
An: It is, and I'm gonna do everything I can to make it happen.
Miku (VBS): If that's the case, good for you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (VBS): (I had a feeling that she'd figure out what to do when An was singing with her, but...)
Miku (VBS): I wasn't expecting to hear you make such a clear declaration. I may have to hold you to your word if you really mean it.
An: I absolutely do.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. Good.
Miku (VBS): (An's finally going back to being her usual self.)
An: Still, these growing pains are really rough.
Miku (VBS): Growing pains...?
An: From becoming someone's partner.
Miku (VBS): You can't really do much about that, can you? Especially since your partnership's still in its infancy.
An: I know, but...
An: Man, this is so hard... Being way too protective at first was a huge mistake too.
Miku (VBS): Again, I really doubt there was much you could've done about that.
Miku (VBS): (She finally found the right partner, but didn't do very well when it came to doing their first event.)
Miku (VBS): (I'm sure she didn't want to lose Kohane so soon either. I can't blame her.)
An: Do you think Akito and Toya had to go through anything like this...?
Miku (VBS): Who knows? Why don't you ask them yourself?
Miku (VBS): But from what I've gathered, being someone's “partner” is different from being someone's friend or teammate.
Miku (VBS): Which also means it's important to be honest with each other, like Akito and Toya.
Miku (VBS): Sometimes you just have to have some tough conversations.
An: ...
Miku (VBS): But I'm not saying that you should emulate everything they do.
Miku (VBS): Akito and Toya, you and Kohane... You're all different people with different personalities.
An: Oh...
Miku (VBS): You need to be you, Kohane needs to be Kohane, and the Vivids need to be the Vivids...
An: Us being us...?
Miku (VBS): Yes. That goes for Vivid BAD SQUAD too.
An: Right...
An: Hmm... I feel like being a “partner” just became that much more complicated.
Miku (VBS): Hehe. I'm sure experience will be the best teacher there.
An: Okay, I'll just have to keep trying.
Miku (VBS): An...
Miku (VBS): I understand why you want to beat yourself up...
Miku (VBS): But you were able to take a hard look at yourself and what you were feeling, so I'm sure you'll figure out a way to be the best partner you can for Kohane.
An: ...!
An: Hehe. When you say it like that, Miku, it sounds like it's actually gonna happen.
Miku (VBS): Right?
An & Miku: Hehe.
An: Thanks for everything, Miku!
An: I might have to come back and ask you for help again...
Miku (VBS): That's my job so you're welcome to at any time, especially if it's about your partner.
Miku (VBS): But you guys will always have to make the final decision, which I know isn't easy.
Miku (VBS): So feel free to ask me about everything else.
An: Miku...
An: Hehe. You're way too cool!
(Black cut)
