393_Hatsune Miku (MMJ)_R4 The SEKAI Dressing Room Is This Way♪ (event_52)

Gacha phrase: It's like I've transformed into someone else♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

KAITO: I'm glad Shizuku was back to smiling again.
Miku (MMJ): Me too♪ I have a feeling Shizuku's gonna come up with a really good design now.
Rin: Yeah! I can't wait to see it.
Miku (MMJ): (We believe in you, Shizuku. We'll be rooting for you from SEKAI.)
(Black cut)

[Dressing Room]

Miku (MMJ): At the same time... I sort of can't believe how many outfits we have now.
Miku (MMJ): It just dawned on me while I was showing Shizuku around.
Rin: Yeah, me too!
KAITO: Hehe. That may be because I arrived here only recently and added my outfits to the pile.
Rin: Oh, maybe. Hm?
Rin: Miku, look! Isn't this what we wore during our first show together?
Miku (MMJ): It is! Hehe. Remember the dance we did? The one where we twirled around while holding each other's hands?
Rin: Yeah, I do! We twirled around so much that we still couldn't see straight when we tried to start our second song.
KAITO: Haha. That really happened?
KAITO: Would you mind telling me more about some of the things that happened when you wore these outfits on stage?
Miku (MMJ): Of course. Next, we can...
Miku (MMJ): Oh, how about these? We usually wear them when we know we're going to do a duet or song for couples.
KAITO: And it looks like it's designed to match your hair color, Miku.
Rin: Mine's the same♪ Not only that, each outfit's color-coded in a special way♪
Miku (MMJ): Take a look at the cuffs and collar. Oh, the skirt too.
KAITO: You're right. These certainly look like they've been made with duets and other romantic songs in mind.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, KAITO. Can we hear some stories about your outfits?
Rin: Yeah, I wanna hear too!
KAITO: You do? In that case... Oh, how about this one?
Rin: Whoa! The wings on the shoulders look so fluffy! They're so stylish and cool!
Miku (MMJ): They are, but... I'm not sure I've ever seen you wear that.
KAITO: Hehe. This is actually one of my more extravagant outfits in my wardrobe. I'll wear it when I feel the time is right.
Rin: Really? Like for a special occasion?
KAITO: Yes. Also, the wings and other decorations you see on it are very delicate.
KAITO: Much more fragile compared to any of the other outfits I have, so it's in safe-keeping for now.
Miku (MMJ): Ah...
Miku (MMJ): Our shows usually involve us dancing and running around all over the stage.
Miku (MMJ): As a result, anything attached to our hips or shoulders ends up falling off more than the other parts.
Rin: Yeah. I know exactly what you mean.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, that reminds me! I accidentally stepped on the hem of my dress this one time and caused some of the lace to tear.
Miku (MMJ): I really liked that dress because of how cute it was too. I had it mended so that I could wear it one last time, but I don't know where I put it...
KAITO: Oh, that's like my outfit with a loose button.
Rin: I remember getting one of my outfits all dirty after tripping while trying to exit the stage.
Rin: No, it's not this one... Huh? The sequins on the arm for this one are gone!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, you're right... It won't be stage ready until those are reattached.
Rin: *Sob* I was thinking about wearing it for my next show...
KAITO: You've both done so many shows already, so it's honestly no surprise that some of your outfits need mending.
Miku (MMJ): ...
Miku (MMJ): But we'll both shine on stage again if it does get mended!
KAITO: Yes. It should be doable as long as it's nothing major.
Miku (MMJ): I'd like to give it a try if you think it's possible!
Miku (MMJ): These outfits are a large part of why we're able to shine on stage as idols after all.
KAITO: I agree.
KAITO: Alright, why don't we also ask Luka and the others to join us for our little inventory check?
KAITO: If I recall correctly, we're supposed to all meet sometime soon. I'll be sure to check your schedules later.
Rin: That's KAITO for you! An idol and a manager!
Miku (MMJ): I really appreciate it, KAITO! For now, why don't we go let Luka and the others know?
Rin: Sounds good♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): Let's do our best during this inventory check, everyone!
KAITO: I should be able to mend any outfits with loose stitching or buttons if you bring them to me.
Len: That's amazing. I didn't know you could sew, KAITO.
KAITO: No, I only have some basic knowledge.
KAITO: I'm thinking that we can ask Shizuku about any that prove to be more of a challenge and hand them over to her if necessary.
Luka: Oh, that's right. Shizuku's a talented seamstress in her own right♪
MEIKO: Alright, KAITO, I'll bring any that I think need some attention to you.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Shall we get started♪
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Len: Hmm... This outfit... Looks okay... Next is...
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Hm? The stitching on the sleeve for this one's coming loose on the inside... It's not immediately obvious, but I suppose it's worth mending...
(Black cut)
Rin: Oh, the shoulder decorations on this one are drooping a bit.
Rin: Hey, KAITO, can you fix stuff like this?
KAITO: Mind if I take a look?
KAITO: The stitching for both the decorations and the outfit itself appears to be coming loose. I should be able to mend this.
Rin: Really?! Thank you so much!
(Black cut)
Miku (MMJ): This one seems fine. The next should be in the back... Wah!
Luka: Miku? Oh, did your hair get caught in the other outfits?
Miku (MMJ): Yes, I think so. Can you untangle me, Luka?
Luka: Of course. Stay still for me, okay?
(Black cut)
Len: KAITO, I found some loose threads on this one too...
Len: Uh, KAITO...? Are you under this pile of outfits?
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I think he is.
KAITO: Unfortunately, more outfits than I expected need mending. I started using my lap after I ran out of space and this happened...
Luka: Well, there are quite a few with only very minor damage...
Len: True... But I kinda want them mended since we never get this kind of opportunity.
Miku (MMJ): I agree. Let me give you a hand, KAITO.
Miku (MMJ): Especially considering that I was the one who brought up this idea.
Len: I'll join you. I should have the dexterity to help out somehow.
KAITO: Thank you both very much! Alright, let me give you a quick rundown.
Miku & Len: Okay!
(Black cut)
Miku (MMJ): Tie it off tightly and... Done!
Miku (MMJ): How's this, KAITO? I tried restitching it after getting to pattern on the fabric to line back up...
KAITO: Wow! You did a wonderful job, Miku! You deserve a 100 for this.
Miku (MMJ): Really?! Thank goodness!
Len: Nice job, Miku. How does mine look, KAITO?
KAITO: Yes, it looks good! You've both done a fantastic job.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. That's because you're such a good teacher, KAITO.
Miku (MMJ): Alright, let's keep this up and mend away!
Len: Yeah!
MEIKO: Hey, you three. You've been at it for a while now. How does a quick break sound?
Miku (MMJ): I can keep going. If anything, I'm actually having a lot of fun right now.
Rin: You are? I didn't know you liked to sew, Miku.
Miku (MMJ): There's that...
Miku (MMJ): These outfits play a big role in letting me shine as an idol. That's why I'm really happy about getting this opportunity to tell them, “Thank you.”
Len: Oh, Miku.
Len: Still, they do play a big role in letting an idol shine...
Len: I feel something similar. It's like putting one of these on gives me the confidence I need to be the idol that I am.
KAITO: Oh, I know what you mean. These outfits make it easier for me to switch between being an idol and a manager.
Rin: Really? Hmm... What do my outfits do for me...?
Rin: Oh, I know... Not only do these give me confidence, but they're also able to lend me their power somehow♪
Rin: When I'm wearing one of these, I feel like I can shake off my nerves by telling myself, “You can do it!” or “I believe in you!”
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Now that you mention it, Rin, your eyes and smile always sparkle when you're in one of these outfits.
Miku (MMJ): What about you two, Luka, MEIKO?
Luka: Me? I'd say my outfits give me an extra dash of spice♪
Luka: Similar to how Miku said her outfits give her the ability to shine as an idol.
MEIKO: Spice, huh? That does sound nice!
MEIKO: For me... My outfit is my partner. I can't go on stage as an idol without it.
Rin: Whoa! MEIKO, that's so cool!
Len: It's interesting to compare and contrast how we all see our outfits.
Miku (MMJ): Yes, I'm glad we had this talk.
Miku (MMJ): But in the end, we're idols and can't do anything without these outfits.
Miku (MMJ): Let's keep cherishing them to make sure we're able to spread and inspire hope in others♪
KAITO: Alright, everyone, let's continue. There's just a little bit more to go with our inventory check.
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)
