414_Hatsune Miku (WxS)_R2 Become The Understudy! (event_55)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): When are Emu and the others gonna get here...?
KAITO: I'm sure they'll be here soon. We'll need to tell Tsukasa about filling in for him when they do.
Miku (WxS): Filling in?
KAITO: Yes. Rui asked me about having one of us to play Thorpe in Tsukasa's place so that the others can work on their lines.
KAITO: Which I suspect is going to be me...
Miku (WxS): So, like an understudy...
Rin: Oh, there they are! Miku! KAITO!
Miku (WxS): Heya☆ What brings all of you guys here?
MEIKO: There's something we'd like to ask you two! Right, Len?
Len: Yeah. You're both supposed to practice with Emu and the others today, right?
Len: Is Tsukasa gonna be there with them? It feels like it's been so long since we last met...
KAITO: Oh... Right now, Tsukasa's...
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): So right now, Tsukasa's trying really, really, really hard to figure things out☆
Rin: I didn't realize he was working so hard on getting into character. That explains why we haven't seen him in so long...
Len: Speaking of which, I remember Rui saying something about Tsukasa not being a good fit for Thorpe.
Miku (WxS): Yeah. But Tsukasa responded by saying, “I promise to do this role justice!”
Miku (WxS): So I'm sure he'll figure it out!!
Luka: Hehe. I'm sure he will. After all, this is Tsukasa we're talking about here.
Len: But it's gotta be so hard being all on your own like this. Isn't there something we can do for him...?
Miku (WxS): Yeah, I know exactly how you feel...
KAITO: At the same time, Tsukasa needs to take care of this on his own if he wishes to grow as an actor.
KAITO: I'm sure chatting with him is still okay, but we have to be more or less hands-off this time around.
Miku (WxS): Especially since he wants to become a world-famous star! That means he's gonna have to learn to play all sorts of different roles!
Rin: Right... I guess we should stay on the sidelines for this one.
Luka: Aww... You two seem so deflated now.
Miku (WxS): Hmm...
Miku (WxS): Oh, I know!
Miku (WxS): Hey, Rin, Len! Let's try getting into character too!
Rin: Huh?
Miku (WxS): The thing is, the others need someone to be Tsukasa's understudy♪
Miku (WxS): KAITO's probably the best pick... But Tsukasa's trying his darndest to get through this!
Miku (WxS): Which is why I think we should also try playing Thorpe!
KAITO: Oh, that actually might be a good idea.
KAITO: As I mentioned earlier, we should probably be more hands-off when it comes to Tsukasa this time around.
KAITO: However, a quick chat can still go a long way.
KAITO: So I think it'd be nice if we could all learn a little more about Thorpe just in case Tsukasa decided to stop by and ask us for some advice.
Len: I think so too! I know it won't be easy, but let's give it a try, Rin!
Rin: Yeah! Especially if learning more about Thorpe means we'd be helping Tsukasa♪
MEIKO: Alright, I'll help out too♪
MEIKO: Oh, why don't we turn it into a little contest where the winner gets to be Tsukasa's understudy?
Miku (WxS): Yeah, that sounds fun☆ There's no way I'm losing!
Len: Me neither!
Rin: Len, let's go read through the script together!
Len: Yeah, sure!
MEIKO: We're doing the same, Luka! I'm going to need your help learning these lines!
Luka: Hehe. Yes, of course...
Luka: Let's... Give it our... Zzz...
MEIKO: She fell asleep?! Hey, Luka, wake up!
Miku (WxS): Here we goooo! I'm gonna try super extra hard too!
KAITO: As motivated as ever I see.
Miku (WxS): Yup!
Miku (WxS): That's because Tsukasa, Emu, Nene and Rui all seem like they're tangled up in knots right now.
KAITO: True. Tsukasa's having trouble playing his character, which is causing the others to worry about him.
Miku (WxS): Yeah, exactly!
Miku (WxS): But I'm like the exact opposite of Thorpe! Imagine if I somehow figure out how to play him! The others might think, “Wait, it's that easy?”
Miku (WxS): Which could become the motivation they need to try even harder and turn their frowns upside down!
KAITO: Miku...
KAITO: I was under the impression that you made this suggestion to cheer Rin and the others up...
KAITO: I had no idea you were being this thoughtful. Again, Miku, you've come up with a wonderful idea.
Miku (WxS): Woohoo! KAITO liked my idea♪
Miku (WxS): Alright, for everyone's sake, I'm gonna learn everything I can about Thorpe! Let's go!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Tsukasa was so surprised when he heard that I'd be his understudy for Thorpe☆
Miku (WxS): But I still don't really get why he always seems so down or why he gets so nervous that he can't play the piano.
Miku (WxS): Hmm... For now, I just gotta keep getting to know Thorpe better!
Miku (WxS): Starting with the audition scene! Oh, the composer's there too, so I'll just play both at once♪
Miku (WxS): “Let's start the audition. First up, Thorpe. Show us what you got.”
Miku (WxS): “Okay...!!”
Miku (WxS): Ba-da-da-dum♪
Miku (WxS): “Thank you!”
Miku (WxS): Oh no...! I forgot to stay in character! That was just me talking!
Miku (WxS): I don't get it. Playing the piano's so much fun. How can Thorpe get so nervous that he can't play it...?
Miku (WxS): That goes for how much I love being in shows too. I don't think I've ever felt nervous or anything like that...
Miku (WxS): Hmm...
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Miku (WxS): Hmmmm...
(Black cut)

[A few more hours later]

Miku (WxS): Hmmmmmm...
Miku (WxS): Gwah... I don't understand how Thorpe feels at all!
Miku (WxS): I know! I can just ask KAITO...
Miku (WxS): Oh, wait...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
KAITO: At the same time, Tsukasa needs to take care of this on his own if he wishes to grow as an actor.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (WxS): That's right! Tsukasa's trying really hard, so I have to do the same!
Miku (WxS): Hnnnng...
(Black cut)

[A few hours later]

Miku (WxS): Hmm... Out of gas...
Birdie Plushie: Oh no! Did Miku collapse?!
Tanuki Plushie: What happened? She seems really tired.
Miku (WxS): Oh, Birdie! Tanuki! Actually...
(Black cut)
Birdie Plushie: Oh, okay. You were learning more about this character...
Tanuki Plushie: You should take a break for now, Miku. In the meantime, we can think for you!
Miku (WxS): You will?! Thank you both so much!
Miku (WxS): But this is something I need to do on my own in order to grow as an actress.
Miku (WxS): So your kind words should be more than enough right now♪
Birdie Plushie: Okay! That's so amazing of you, Miku!
Miku (WxS): Heh heh heh. That's just who I am☆
Miku (WxS): Wait, hold on...? Think for me...?
Miku (WxS): In my place...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (WxS): That reminds me of when Nene originally needed Robo-Nene to perform in shows...
Miku (WxS): I remember her saying how she ran into some trouble with her old troupe and became too scared to perform in front of others.
Miku (WxS): Hold on...
Miku (WxS): (Thorpe's never been able to pass an audition for a band.)
Miku (WxS): (I know it's because he has trouble playing when it matters most... But the root cause of that has to do with him getting too nervous...)
Miku (WxS): “What if I fail again when it matters...?”
Miku (WxS): “If I do, everything that I've been doing until today would go to waste...”
Miku (WxS): “More importantly, I'll just end up wiping the smiles off the faces of everyone in the crowd...!”
Birdie Plushie: Whoa! It's like you just turned into a totally different person, Miku.
Miku (WxS): Really?!
KAITO: How's practice going, Miku? If Thorpe's giving you any trouble at all...
Miku (WxS): KAITO! You gotta hear this! I just...!
(Black cut)
KAITO: I see. Nene and Robo-Nene, huh...?
KAITO: Instead of looking for what I have in common with Thorpe, you thought about what Nene has in common instead.
Miku (WxS): Yup!
Miku (WxS): Oh, wait... This sorta means I cheated, huh?
KAITO: No, I don't think so. It's just another way of comprehending a character.
Miku (WxS): Really?! Thank goodness!
Miku (WxS): Hehe☆ In that case, I think I've gotten to know Thorpe a lot better♪
KAITO: Hehe. You'll probably get to know him very well if you keep this up.
Miku (WxS): Yup! I'm gonna keep doing just that! Here we go!
(Black cut)
