425_Hatsune Miku (MMJ)_R3 How About Tickling? (event_57)

Gacha phrase: H-How about ticking?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku (MMJ): Whoa...! Those look adorable! They all look so well made too!
Luka: Yes, you should have no trouble dancing in these since they made them using a slightly elastic fabric, and this tulle's so pretty.
KAITO: They must've put so much care into making these. It's clear just based on the attention to detail.
Minori: I know, right?! I almost cried after I saw how amazing these were...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): They have these adorable outfits now, and they're about to get a new song next...
Miku (MMJ): I wonder what the girls' second real-life show is going to be like.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, for example...!
Miku (MMJ): They could run the stage end to end or interact with their fans by calling out to them!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, they could do a quick costume change too! It can even be a race to see who can head back, change and return the fastest!
Miku (MMJ): I have a feeling it's going to be a wonderful event where all of their fans will have dazzling smiles on their faces.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Thinking about them putting on a fun show is making me want to sing now♪
Miku (MMJ): (Speaking of which, I've been singing with Rin and the others a lot lately...)
Miku (MMJ): (So it might be good for me to fly solo and do a show on my own for a change!)
Miku (MMJ): Yeah...! I may even make some new discoveries by revisiting my roots.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, it might be fun to try some new things too♪
Miku (MMJ): But what? Hmm...
Miku (MMJ): I could jump with all my fans! No, that isn't all that new...
Miku (MMJ): We can do cheers together, but I use mine during shows all the time...
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I could try some different stage effects, like releasing a bunch of balloons or changing out the lights!
Miku (MMJ): No... That's pretty much been done before too.
Miku (MMJ): Hmm... I can't think of anything.
KAITO: What's wrong, Miku? You look like you have a lot on your mind.
Miku (MMJ): KAITO...? And Haruka?
Miku (MMJ): But why? We didn't make plans to practice together, did we?
Haruka: No, we didn't. I'm here to practice on my own.
Haruka: But I decided to come talk to you since you seem concerned about something...
KAITO: I was about to do the same thing when I bumped into her.
Miku (MMJ): I see. Thank you both for showing so much concern for me.
KAITO: So, what's on your mind?
Miku (MMJ): Well...
(Black cut)
KAITO: Ah, something new for your own show...
Haruka: That's a tough one. I mean, you've done so many shows in SEKAI already.
Miku (MMJ): I know. I've been putting a lot of thought into it, but I keep coming up with things I've already done or tried...
Miku (MMJ): Sorry, Haruka. I know you want to get in some practice.
Haruka: No, that's okay. You're always there for me, so I'd like to help out somehow.
Miku (MMJ): Haruka...
Miku (MMJ): Thank you so much...!
KAITO: Fear not. I'm sure the three of us will be able to come up with a good idea if we put our heads together.
Miku (MMJ): Right!
KAITO: First, Miku, mind telling us what you want to do?
KAITO: Your theme this time around is to “revisit your roots” and feel some sort of “nostalgia”? 
Miku (MMJ): Yes, but it doesn't have to be all new. I'd be happy with even just one thing...
Haruka: Hmm... Like feeling a sense of nostalgia when we compare your past and current selves?
Haruka: Oh, but nostalgia and new are very different things.
Miku (MMJ): True...
Miku (MMJ): Hmm... Isn't there anything that'll help show everyone that I'm the same but not, or how I'm still me with some new things to offer?
Miku, Haruka & KAITO: Hmm...
???: Ah, there you are...
MEIKO: Oh, Haruka's with you♪ Perfect!
MEIKO: Mind taking a look at our dance routine?
Miku (MMJ): Huh?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): So... Your dance routine?
Luka: Yes. We learned to do this fun dance routine and were hoping you could see it♪
Miku (MMJ): Sure, but what do you mean by a “fun” dance routine...?
MEIKO: Just sit back and find out♪ Here we go... One, two, three, four!
Miku (MMJ): Huh? No music?
Haruka: I guess not. And they seem to be dancing like they usually do...
KAITO: But they're changing their tempo or rhythm here and there at some interesting points...
Miku (MMJ): Yeah, and this looks familiar for some reason...
KAITO: Wait, is it...?!
Luka: Oh, I think KAITO knows.
Luka: This is actually the dance we've been working on but in reverse.
Miku (MMJ): I-In reverse?!
KAITO: That's astounding! Now I see what you meant by “fun”!
MEIKO: See?
MEIKO: Airi shows us some videos of these kinds of dances, so we decided to give it a try♪
Miku (MMJ): It's definitely what we've been practicing, but it looks completely different...
Haruka: Miku, this means...!
Miku (MMJ): Yes! It's the same but not. It's the same but new...!
Miku (MMJ): This might be just what I need for my show!
Luka: Your show?
(Black cut)
MEIKO: Oh, I remember you three discussing that.
Miku (MMJ): Yes. But I'm still amazed at how you can dance in reverse like that.
Haruka: It can't be easy to master. Nor is it something you'd normally think of doing.
Luka: But there were so many other videos like this. Some reversed each side-to-side motion and others involved dancing like you're looking at yourself in the mirror.
Luka: They were so interesting that MEIKO, Airi and I ended up watching quite a few of them♪
Miku (MMJ): Wow, I guess there really are a lot.
Miku (MMJ): ...
Haruka: What's the matter, Miku...?
Miku (MMJ): I think I became too focused on my theme.
Miku (MMJ): My goal was to put on a show that let me get back to my roots, but that seems to have given me tunnel vision in terms of ideas...
Miku (MMJ): Revisiting my roots while hoping to try some new things sort of doesn't make sense now...
Miku (MMJ): I got so caught up in doing a show on my own that I'd forgotten about what I actually wanted to do during it.
KAITO: Miku...
Luka: Oh? I believe that's sort of nice every once in a while.
Luka: I mean, good chunks of most shows are usually put together through feelings.
Miku (MMJ): Oh...
Miku (MMJ): Right. We're allowed to choose which songs we want to sing, all the effects we wish to try and a whole list of other things.
MEIKO: Exactly! It's important to “do all the things you want” every so often during a show, right?
KAITO: I agree! Having a theme or concept in mind is important, but seeing you driven by passion would be very new to all of us, Miku!
Miku (MMJ): Driven by passion...
Miku (MMJ): (That reminds me... When I was just starting to do shows in this SEKAI...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku (MMJ): Everyone! We have so many songs in store for you today!
Miku (MMJ): Alright, Rin, ready♪
Rin: Yeah!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (MMJ): (I wasn't sure what to do during a show other than singing as many songs as I could.)
Miku (MMJ): Thank you all very much.
Miku (MMJ): I know what I want to do now.
Haruka: You do?
Miku (MMJ): I'm going to sing all the songs I want to sing with absolutely everything I have!
Miku (MMJ): Because that's all I really did when this SEKAI was first born. I sang and sang and sang.
Haruka: Really?
Luka: I didn't know that either.
Miku (MMJ): Um, is something wrong?
Miku (MMJ): I have a feeling that going back to my roots like this will show all of you a new side of me.
Haruka: Yes, I think it's a great idea!
Luka: Me too. I'm looking forward to seeing your show.
MEIKO: Me three. I can't wait to see this new side of you, Miku♪
KAITO: Same. I'll be looking forward to it as well!
Miku (MMJ): Thank goodness...!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Stay tuned and get ready for the hottest Miku show you've ever seen♪
(Black cut)
