479_Hatsune Miku (WxS)_R2 Miku Miku ☆ Gunner! (event_66)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Where could those two be? I can't wait for them to get here.
KAITO: You seem awfully anxious, Miku.
Len: Yeah, are you waiting for someone?
Rin: Oh, is that true? Who are you waiting for?
Miku (WxS): Hehe. Well...
Emu: Miku! Hiya!!
Miku (WxS): Oh, there you are!! I've been waiting for you two!!
MEIKO: Oh, Emu, Nene! Is that who you were waiting for, Miku?
Luka: *Yawn* Good morning, you two...
MEIKO: It's not really morning anymore, you know?
Nene: Emu, aren't you gonna give them that thing? That's why we're here, right?
Emu: Oh, that's right!
Emu: Here you are, Miku! These are the Print Stickers we took during the gaming tournament!
Miku (WxS): Yay! Thank you so much!
Luka: Mhm... Gaming tournament?
Rin: Did you forget already, Luka?
KAITO: You entered into the gaming tournament this arcade held in order to win the tickets they had up on offer as the prize, yes?
Nene: Yeah. A lot happened during it, but we managed to win in the end.
Len: That's great! Good for you both, Nene, Emu!
Emu: Thanks! And because we won, we all get to go see that show together♪
Luka: Oh, really? That's so nice.
MEIKO: Also, your pictures turned out so cute!
Rin: Aww, no fair!
KAITO: Oh, these faces drawn above Nene... Did you draw Miku, Tsukasa and Rui?
Emu: Whoa! That's right, KAITO!
Miku (WxS): You worked really hard on that because you want to include these with their tickets as a present, right?
Emu: Hehe☆
Rin: No fair! Doodling on pictures sounds like so much fun!
Len: Yeah, I wanna try doing that too!
Emu: Really?! Then, why don't we all visit that arcade together?
Miku (WxS): Together? But...
Nene: Emu, I'm not sure that's going to work since they won't be able to actually hold the pen to draw.
Miku (WxS): Yeah, that's right! I couldn't do anything at all when I tried!!
Emu: Oh no! Y-You're right...!
Rin & Len: But...
MEIKO: Oh dear... I was interested in trying it out as well... What if we all wished really hard? Would that help?
KAITO: I'm doubtful...
Luka: Mhm... We can doodle on you if it's in our dreams, MEIKO. You won't be mad, right?
MEIKO: Hey, just what exactly are you “dreaming” of doing to me?! I mean, of course I'll be mad if you were to draw on me.
Luka: But you liked it when I drew a flower on your cheek the other day, didn't you?
MEIKO: A flower on my cheek? Yes, it was cute, so I suppose so...
Emu: Hmm... Isn't there anything we can do about this, Nene?
Miku (WxS): I wanna try doodling too.
Nene: I know how you feel, but...
Nene: Hmm... We could do something very similar if I brought a tablet over...
Miku (WxS): Hmmm...
Miku (WxS): Taking pictures and doodling all over them...
Miku (WxS): Hmmm!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Emu: Oh...! What about this, Rui?!
Emu: I've been trying to come up with ideas that might get more people to come to the park and wrote it all down in a notebook...!
(White cut)
Miku (WxS): Oh, Emu! Can I have a look at the notebook you just showed Rui?
Emu: Yeah, sure!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Miku (WxS): That's it! I remember now!
Miku (WxS): Emu, listen! *Whisper*
Emu: Okay, yeah... Whoa, Miku, you're a genius! That might just work!
Emu: Lemme head back home and grab it!
Nene: Huh?! Wait, Emu, grab what?!
Rin: What's Emu getting, Miku?
Len: Yeah, what were you whispering to her?
Miku (WxS): Heh heh heh. You'll just have to wait until Emu gets back☆
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: I'm back, everyone!
Miku (WxS): Welcome back, Emu! Did you find the thing?
Emu: Yup! It's right here! Ta-daa!
Rin: What is that? It looks like a camera...
KAITO: Oh, is it one of those cameras that immediately prints out the photos you take?
Nene: Oh, it's an instant camera?
Emu: Correct!
Emu: We can take pictures using this and doodle on them together!
Emu: Here! I even brought a bunch of pens for us to use♪
Nene: Now I see. This is pretty close to what we did.
MEIKO: So, Miku, you were whispering to her about...?
Miku (WxS): Hehe. I asked her about this camera♪
Len: You really are a genius, Miku!
Luka: I agree. Although, you had me a little worried when you shouted just now.
KAITO: Oh, that's right. You specifically said, “I remember now!”
Miku (WxS): Yup! Remember that meeting we had a while ago when Phoenix Wonderland was in big trouble?
Miku (WxS): I had Emu show me her idea notebook that time☆
Miku (WxS): One of those ideas was “taking commemorative photos with the mascots and receiving the actual photos from them”!
Emu: We didn't end up using that idea, but I had an instant camera ready for it and decided to go fetch it...
KAITO: I see. Now it all makes sense.
Rin: Does this mean we get to take pictures and doodle on them together?!
Miku & Emu: Yeah!
Rin, Len & MEIKO: Yay!
Nene: Hehe. Even you seem happy about this, MEIKO.
MEIKO: That's because I was curious about it as well!
MEIKO: Also, I might try actually taking some photos!
Rin: I wanna try that too!
Len: Me three!
Miku (WxS): Oh, don't forget me!
Emu: Yeah, of course! We can take lots and lots of pictures!
MEIKO: Then, I'll take the first one! Gather up for me, everyone!
Miku, Rin & Len: Okay!
KAITO: We may need to get fairly cozy if we all want to fit into the frame.
Miku (WxS): In that case! Squeeeeze!
Rin: Haha! Miku, stop! It tickles when you rub your cheek up against mine!
MEIKO: Ready, everyone?! Say, “Cheese!”
Luka: Mhm...
MEIKO: No, Luka, you dozed off and fell out of the frame! I only got half of you!
Nene: Hehe. It really is exactly half of her. This one might actually be pretty fun to doodle on.
Emu: Yup yup! Let's keep taking more and more pictures!
Miku (WxS): Yeah!
(Black cut)
Emu: Next, it's doodling time!
Nene: Emu brought over a bunch of pens for us, so feel free to use whichever you like.
Miku (WxS): Woohoo! This is what I've been waiting for♪
Miku (WxS): Doodle-doodle. Whoosh-whoosh. Spinny-spin♪
Nene: Whoa...! She's drawing all over hers without a second thought!
Luka: Hehe. This photo's becoming more and more festive by the second.
Len: We're not gonna let her have all the fun! Let's go!
Emu: If you'd like, KAITO, you should try doodling too!
KAITO: Are you sure? Well, if you don't mind.
Miku (WxS): Emu, Nene, join us!
Emu: Okay! C'mon, Nene!
Nene: I'm not exactly the best artist out there, but since we're all doodling together...
Miku (WxS): Yay! We get to have a doodling party!
Miku & Emu: Hahahahaha!
(Black cut)
