492_Hatsune Miku_RB Happy Anniversary!

Gacha phrase: I'd like to show everyone my appreciation.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: Hmm... Which classroom is Miku in?
Ichika: Oh, that sounds like a guitar...
Ichika: (The others should be preparing for her anniversary party, so it must be her.)
Ichika: This one...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (Ln): Hm? What's wrong, Ichika...? Is everything ready over there?
Ichika: No, not quite. Saki and Len have been obsessing a bit over how things should be decorated, so it might take a little while.
Miku (Ln): I can see why Saki would, but Len?
Ichika: Yeah, he's been overseeing how things are being laid out by pointing out how things aren't hung up straight and saying where to place decorations to “balance them out”.
Miku (Ln): I see. Len does have a keen eye for details.
Ichika: Really? I definitely wasn't expected to hear that.
Ichika: Oh, also. Since they're going to need a little more time, Luka asked me to come talk to you and keep you company.
Miku (Ln): I really appreciate it. To tell you the truth, I was getting anxious having to wait all by myself like this, and I feel much better knowing that you're here now.
Ichika: I see... I didn't realize how that can also happen to you, Miku.
Miku (Ln): On occasion. Still...
Miku (Ln): I already know that you guys are throwing a party for me, so do I really need to wait in a different room?
Ichika: Yes, you do. Like I said just now, Saki and Len are going all out, and I think you're gonna be blown away by what they're putting together.
Miku (Ln): Right. Then, I'll be looking forward to seeing that.
Ichika: Thanks.
Ichika: Oh, Miku, that reminds me. A ton of people over on our side were celebrating your anniversary.
Ichika: Here, look. Right after the clock struck midnight, people began posting their comments and illustrations to social media.
Ichika: Some even uploaded music and posted pictures of themselves cosplaying. They're all thanking you and wishing you a very happy anniversary.
Miku (Ln): I see... This is such a strange sensation.
Miku (Ln): They're all wishing a different version of me a happy anniversary, but it also feels like their kindness is being directed at me...
Ichika: Hehe. That's because you're both “Miku”.
Ichika: There's something else I want to show you. Let's see... Oh, it's this video...
Miku (Ln): “Hatsune Miku - Special Anniversary Show Stream Trailer”...?
Ichika: Yeah, it's a preview for the show the Miku from my side's gonna do.
Ichika: Would you like to take a look at it?
Miku (Ln): Sure. I've actually been wondering what this version of me's like.
Ichika: Okay, I'll play it now.
(Background change)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

MEIKO: Hello, everyone! It's me, MEIKO! The one behind the camera for this special occasion♪
MEIKO: I'm here today to bring you a trailer for Miku's special anniversary show!
MEIKO: As such, I think we should have our star tell us all about it! Let me just take this camera and...
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): Great! I've got a good picture, so let's go and find her!
(Background change)
Miku (Ln): So that's what this version of MEIKO's like. She doesn't quite speak the same, but her personality's pretty similar.
Ichika: Hehe. I agree.
(Background change)
Miku: Hm? MEIKO? What are you doing walking around with that camera?
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): Hehe. I was thinking that I could put together a little trailer before your anniversary show!
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): Also, the camera's rolling right now, so if you could tell our viewers out there a message...!
Miku: What?! H-Hang on! I was just practicing my dance routine, so my hair's probably a mess...!
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): Hehe. I see no problem with that. If anything, it shows everyone just how hard you were working, no?
Miku: No, it's just too embarrassing.
Miku: Wait, this is supposed to be a trailer. Can't you just edit this part out?
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): Yes, I can.
Caption: “Miku was just too adorable, so I decided to leave this part in♪ - MEIKO”
(Background change)
Ichika & Miku: Hehe.
(Background change)
Miku: Thank you for your patience, MEIKO. I should be ready now.
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): Alright, give us a little message for our viewers!
Miku: Okay!
Miku: Hello, everyone! It's me, Hatsune Miku.
Miku: My special anniversary show's fast approaching and I'd like to make it one that shows just how much I appreciate all of you.
Miku: And I want it to be fun regardless of whether you're there in person or watching online!
Miku: I promise to practice very hard to sing lots of great songs for you, so stay tuned♪
Miku: I hope we meet again during the show!
MEIKO: Thank you all for watching! I'll see you again on the day of her anniversary!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (Ln): Thank you for showing me this, Ichika.
Miku (Ln): This other version of me seems so different. I had no idea this is what she's like.
Miku (Ln): When we met for the first time, I remember how startled you were, Ichika. However, now that I know what you're used to seeing...
Ichika: Yes, I was a bit surprised when you said, “I'm Miku”. But...
Ichika: No part of me doubted that. As strange as that was, I had no problem accepting you for who you are.
Miku (Ln): Really? That makes me really happy. Especially since I know you love Miku songs so much, Ichika.
Ichika: I-It does...?
Ichika: Um, Miku... Can I ask you something?
Miku (Ln): Yes?
Ichika: So... You... You and the others aren't going anywhere, right, Miku...?
Miku (Ln): Yes, of course.
Miku (Ln): As long as your thoughts, feelings and wishes remain, we'll be here... Along with SEKAI.
Ichika: Okay...
Ichika: I remember asking you something similar before, but I still sort of can't believe that I'm here talking with you...
Ichika: Sometimes I wonder if this is all just a dream...
Ichika: So...
Miku (Ln): Don't worry, Ichika...
Miku (Ln): We want to see you and the girls' dream become a reality, so we won't be leaving anytime soon.
Miku (Ln): I mean, you don't want us to go anywhere, right?
Ichika: Of course! I want you to stay for as long as possible!
Miku (Ln): See? So, don't worry.
Miku (Ln): Your feelings are closely tied to us. So much so that we might still be here even when you're all old and gray.
Ichika: Miku...
Len's Voice (Len): Hey, what are you guys all doing bunched up in front of the door like that? I thought you were going to tell Miku and Ichika that everything's ready.
Rin's Voice (Rin): Len, shush! Things are just getting good!
Ichika: Huh? Those voices...
(Background change)
Honami: Oh...
Rin: Len, why'd you have to do that? You completely blew our cover!
Len: Okay, I'm sorry...
Saki: M-Miku...!!
Miku (Ln): Whoa, S-Saki?!
Saki: I want you to stay forever too! Please, don't ever leave us!
Miku (Ln): Don't worry. We're not going anywhere.
Shiho: Anyway, back to why we're actually here.
Honami: Oh, right. Thank you for being so patient, Miku. The party's all set.
Miku (Ln): It is? I've been looking forward to seeing how Saki and Len decorated the place.
Len: Yeah, you won't believe what we did.
Saki: So, Miku, Ichi, let's head back over!
Ichika & Miku: Okay.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Luka: Everyone in the audience, hello.
Len: And hello to everybody watching the stream! I hope you guys can see us okay!
MEIKO: Oh, we're getting a ton of comments! Yes, it looks like they see us just fine!
KAITO: MEIKO, look. Some people are saying that they saw the trailer you made.
MEIKO: Really? Did anyone in the audience also happen to see it?
Rin: Wow! So many people are saying they saw it!
Luka: Yes. Which means they all saw how adorable Miku was when she seemed so embarrassed.
Rin: Yeah, she was way too cute!
MEIKO: I know right?! Miku got a little mad and said, “Why'd you leave it in?!” But there was no way I was taking that part out.
MEIKO: However♪
MEIKO: You're all going to see an even cuter and more wonderful Miku than what you saw in that video! Get ready!
KAITO: Alright, I believe it's time for our star to make her entrance.
Len: Right! Everyone, let's count down together! Five seconds!
Rin: Four!
MEIKO: Three!
Luka: Two!
Len: One!
KAITO: Zero!
Everyone: Mikuuuuuuu!!
Miku: Hello, everyone! It's me, Hatsune Miku!
Miku: Thank you all for joining us for my anniversary show! And a special thanks to all those watching the stream!
Miku: I'd like to sing lots and lots of songs for you today to show just how much I appreciate all of you!
Miku: Starting with this one...!
(Black cut)
Rin: That was a nice first song, Miku! You sound great right out of the gates!
Miku: Hehe. I may've gotten a bit ahead of myself after seeing how many people I'd be singing in front of♪
Miku: However, I'm going to hold onto this feeling and keep showing my appreciation for all of you!
Miku: Also, you're not the only ones I want to thank today.
Luka: Oh, do you mean us...?
Miku: I do!
Miku: As a way of showing my appreciation, I came up with songs for each of you that I'm hoping you'll sing with me.
Miku: So... Would you guys mind?
Rin: Miku...!
Len: Of course we'll sing with you! Let's do this!
Luka: We'd be more than happy to do so, Miku.
Miku: *Gasp*
Miku: Thank you all so much...!
Miku: First, Luka! If you'll join me!
Luka: Yes, of course.
Miku: Thank you! Alright, start the music♪
(Black cut)
Miku: ————♪ ————♪
Luka: ————♪ ————♪
Miku & Luka: ——~~♪ ——~~♪
Miku: We're just getting started! Everyone, together!
(Black cut)
Miku & Rin: ————♪ ————♪
(Black cut)
Miku & Len: ————! ————!
(Black cut)
Miku & MEIKO: ♪~~~ ♪~~~
(Black cut)
KAITO: That just leaves me. Ready, Miku?
Miku: Ready!
Miku: ————♪ ——~♪ ——————~~♪
Miku & KAITO: ————! ————!
(Black cut)
Miku: Your energy felt so incredible, everyone! I had a lot of fun singing!
Miku: I take it you're also having fun?
Miku: Hehe. That's great to hear!
Miku: This next song will be our last, so let's keep this energy up until the end!
Len: Wait, stop! There's something we need to do before you sing your last song!
Miku: Huh? Something you need to do?
MEIKO: Yes. Just as you wanted to show your appreciation for us, Miku...
KAITO: There's something we'd all like to tell you. Would you mind listening for a minute?
Miku: ...!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000109/bg_s000109.png)
Rin: Happy anniversary, Miku! And thank you for always being such a great friend♪
Rin: I really love singing, playing and talking with you! So I hope we get to be friends forever!
Len: Happy anniversary, Miku! Thank you for always being there to help Rin and I make up whenever we fight. We really appreciate what you do for us.
Len: You even correctly point out who's to blame, which makes it easier for the person at fault to apologize to the other.
Rin: Yeah! I feel like we can get into fights without really worrying since we know you're gonna be there for us!
Len: FYI, I don't fight because I want to! If anything, we should be more careful in the future.
Rin: Okay.
MEIKO: Haha. You really may be the best out of all of us at bringing peace between them.
MEIKO: And singing is no different. It's important to think about how the person you're singing to feels...
MEIKO: You're such a wonderful person, Miku. So, happy anniversary, and I hope you keep being the beautiful soul you already are!
Luka: Happy anniversary, Miku. MEIKO sort of already beat me to it, but I also think it's really wonderful how thoughtful you are.
Luka: Even for today's show, you danced and sang to show how much you appreciate everybody here, even though it was really supposed to be about you...
Luka: I believe that's why we all love you so much, Miku.
Luka: Of course, that also includes me♪ So, I hope you'll keep being an amazing person.
KAITO: Happy anniversary, Miku. Getting to sing on the same stage as you during such a special occasion fills my heart with so much joy.
KAITO: And you made it clear through your performances just how much you appreciate all of us here. I'm really at a loss for words...
KAITO: So... Um...
Rin: KAITO...? Hold on. Are you crying?
KAITO: N-No, I'm not! I just... I can't help but...
KAITO: A-Anyway! Happy anniversary, Miku.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Miku: You guys...
Miku: That's not fair...
Miku: I still have one last song to sing... All your kind words... I'm starting to tear up...
Miku: Rin.
Miku: Len.
Miku: Luka.
Miku: MEIKO.
Miku: KAITO.
Miku: Thank you for always being there... Thank you for always singing with me...
Miku: Thank you... Thank you so much!
Miku: I hope we all get to spend more and more time together moving forward, and spreading that joy to as many people as we can!
Everyone: Yeah! Yes. Of course!
Miku: Thank you all for joining us here today, and thanks to all those watching the stream!
Miku: Now, this is it! The final song! Let's all have fun until the end!
(White cut)
