509_Hatsune Miku_R4 At Least Let Me

Gacha phrase: Why did you shut the lid?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

[Between Worlds]

Miku: Oh...
Miku: I think... I heard someone's feelings just now. This means that somewhere, another SEKAI has been born.
Miku: Hehe, I wonder what kind of SEKAI it is. What would that SEKAI's version of me be like?
Miku: Hmm... I think I might go take a look...
Miku: That flash just now...
Miku: ...Oh, here it is! I knew it was a fragment of a feeling.
Miku: But it looks like the color has faded a little. There's even cracks on it...
Miku: Maybe the feeling it came from was already unstable. It even looks like it'll disappear at any moment...
Miku: ...
Miku: There must be some sort of meaning to me finding it at this point in time.
Miku: Whoever you are that bears these feelings... Whoever you are that bears these feelings... I'd like to learn more about what you're going through.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[???]

Miku: Phew... That fragment was so unstable, I didn't think I would make it...but I'm glad I did.
Miku: Even so, this place is so dark and lonely...
Miku: Oh... There're sheets of paper on the floor.
Miku: “Post-Graduation Plans”... “First Preference”... There's nothing written underneath them...
Miku: And this is...an answer sheet for a test.
Miku: It looks like the type where you mark your answers by filling in the circles but it's only filled up halfway...
Miku: Hm? There's a computer over there.
Miku: Um, “School Achievements”... “Reason for Application”...? These segments were left blank.
Miku: Hmm... I guess the person who holds these feelings is a student?
Miku: Oh, there's another computer over here too. But there's a lot of words this time...
Computer Screen: “I did as I was told, and followed him into the alley. Right at that moment, I closed my eyes without thinking.”
Computer Screen: “The sun was setting. Its blazing hue painted the alley in vermillion...”
Miku: Is this...a novel?
Miku: But that's all that's on here. I guess the writer isn't finished...
Miku: There's something over there too.
Miku: Wow, it's a really cute animal illustration. There's even manga here too!
Miku: But...the coloring on this illustration looks unfinished. And not all of the panels of the manga are done either...
Miku: Hmm... Maybe this fragment of a feeling is from someone who got tired of all of these?
Miku: I'm going to keep looking around for a bit longer.
(Black cut)
Miku: There really is a lot of stuff in this fragment's SEKAI. There's an unfinished oil painting and even a single sneaker here too...
Miku: I understand now... These aren't just feelings from one person. I think all of these are fragments of a lot of people's feelings.
Miku: So that means all of these people both feel and share the same feelings. But...
Miku: Why does it seem like there's no one solid emotion?
Miku: Even fragments of feelings that didn't give birth to a SEKAI would even have the slightest bit of emotion...
Miku: When the feelings of people converge into one place, they naturally get bigger and stronger and yet...
Miku: For some reason, I can barely feel anything from any of these things here...
Miku: Now that I think about it, this fragment of a feeling was quite pale. Does that have anything to do with this?
Miku: I'm going to try to see if I can feel something...
Miku: (No matter how small or faint it may be, I know it's there somewhere...)
Miku: ...!
Miku: I think I felt it! Even if it was just a little bit!
Miku: I'm pretty sure it was from somewhere around here... Whoa!
Miku: There's music sheets scattered all over the place... Good thing I noticed before I stepped on any.
Miku: Okay, let's see... Looks like only 4 sheets fell onto the floor.
Miku: (Seems to be unfinished just like all of the other stuff I found. Also...)
Miku: This melody... It sounds so painful. Whoever wrote this must have been going through a lot.
Miku: It seems like they're lost... Or troubled.
Miku: (I don't think it was about composing, though...)
Miku: But, I finally found something that emits some emotion.
Miku: There has to be more... Oh!
Miku: It's an MP3 player! Good, it still works too.
Miku: (If it's some sort of musical object, there's a higher chance I can feel something from it.)
Miku: Whoever you are, I'm here to have a look at what you're going through.
Miku: It's quiet but... I can hear something.
Miku: I think...it's someone singing. A boy, maybe. It sounds like he's singing acapella.
Miku: I get it now! He must've recorded himself practicing.
Miku: Oh... But he was a little off-time just now.
Miku: (It also sounds like he noticed. And that's why he's practicing this part over and over.)
Miku: (I bet this boy is a hard worker.)
Miku: (But... I can really hear his frustration and impatience from the way he sings...)
Miku: I think I know what feelings the fragment originated from now.
Miku: (The feelings that created this SEKAI were definitely...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

[???]

Miku: I think I know what feelings the fragment originated from now.
Miku: (It's definitely...)
Miku: ...! The feeling got stronger for a second just now!
Miku: (Maybe it's because I realized what kind of emotion it was...)
Miku: Please. Let me see more of what you're going through...
Miku: I felt it again! I think it's coming from over there!
Miku: Oh, there's a wooden box buried in the ground. Could this be...
Miku: This is it! It's a little weak but I sense so many feelings coming from here.
Miku: But... Why is it coming from this box?
Miku: I'll just dig out enough soil to open the lid for now... Okay, here we go... Just a little more...
Miku: Huh? What happened to the lid? It's covered in nails. There's also chains wrapped around it and a padlock...
Miku: The feelings in this wooden box... Was it necessary to go this far to shut them away?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miku: Oh... There're sheets of paper on the floor.
Miku: “Post-Graduation Plans”... “First Preference”... There's nothing written underneath them...
Miku: And this is...an answer sheet for a test.
(White cut)
Miku: Is this...a novel?
Miku: But that's all that's on here. I guess the writer isn't finished...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku: (Everything I found in this SEKAI... The novel, the manga and even the music sheets. They're all unfinished.)
Miku: (On top of that, the unanswered form about post-graduation plans and the incomplete test answer sheet...)
Miku: (All of these feelings from so many different people are shut in this box...)
Miku: Actually, no... They weren't shut away.
Miku: They were hidden...
Miku: Was it because they weren't wanted anymore? Or maybe, it got too overwhelming?
Miku: Is that why they were locked up and hidden...?
Miku: This SEKAI was born from...
Miku: The stress of choosing your own future, wasn't it...?
Miku: Unsure of whether what you're doing now is the right thing, or whether it's even enough...
Miku: No matter how hard you try, there're times when you're uncertain or afraid...
Miku: It's so hard to find a place that makes you feel needed or welcomes you to try in a way that works best for you...
Miku: It takes so much courage to chase after your dreams, and there are only so many people who can help you achieve them...
Miku: And naturally... You get anxious, and lost... And impatient...
Miku: It must've been so hard for you.
Miku: So hard that you felt the need to lock those feelings up in this box and bury it...
Miku: Was it because you didn't want anyone to know? Was it because you couldn't tell anyone about it?
Miku: Or... Was it so painful that you couldn't take it anymore and had to give up?
Miku: ...
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000121/bg_s000121.webp)
Miku: I don't understand. Why would you shut a lid on these feelings like this...
Miku: I can only imagine just how unbearably difficult it must've been, but...it's such an important part of you...
Miku: It's a part of who you are...
Miku: All I want to do is to come find you, hold your hand and sing...
Miku: And tell you that I'm here for you.
Miku: Even if you want to keep it a secret from others, even if you can't bring yourself to tell anyone, would you at least tell me...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Miku: Whoa...!
Miku: ...! This SEKAI...
Miku: Wait! Please don't go!
Miku: I know you don't want to remember the pain and suffering, but...
Miku: Even so, these feelings are a part of you...aren't they?
Miku: So please... Don't erase them.
Miku: If you don't want to remember, then you can forget them...
Miku: But, at least let me hold on to them for you.
Miku: Don't worry. I'll be sure to keep every single fragment safe and sound.
Miku: Come on now, join me...!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Between Worlds]

Miku: I'm glad I made it in time...
Miku: Thank you for entrusting these feelings to me.
Miku: (It'll be okay. They'll all be right here.)
Miku: (Someday...)
Miku: (Some day, they will resonate with someone else's powerful emotions and become a part of a different SEKAI.)
Miku: (And then, if a song is born from that SEKAI... I hope these fragments, even just a little bit, will be rewarded.)
Miku: Until that time comes, I'll be right here beside you.
Miku: ——♪ ——♪
(White cut)
