525_Hatsune Miku (WxS)_R3 Feeling Down, Down, Down (event_74)

Gacha phrase: I don't know what to do...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Hmm...
Miku (WxS): Hmmm...
Rin: Is everything okay, Miku? You seem really worried about something but haven't said a word.
Len: Oh, is this about Birdie...?
Miku (WxS): Yeah...
Miku (WxS): I was trying to think of a way for us to put on a show together that isn't dangerous...
Miku (WxS): I thought really, really hard, but haven't been able to come up with anything good!
KAITO: It won't be easy since their show requires others to fly.
KAITO: But if we try to make it safe, it'll likely end up not being the show they wanted to do...
MEIKO: And that's the biggest problem. Isn't there a clever way for us to quickly resolve this issue...?
Luka: That sounds difficult... It's like when you have to choose between covers or a pillow...
KAITO: Wait, huh? O-Okay...?
MEIKO: No, this is nothing like that.
MEIKO: Anyway, let's take this opportunity to brainstorm together and figure out a way for us to put on a show with our feathery friend!
Miku (WxS): Yeah☆ Let's do our best, everyone!
Rin & Len: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): W-Wow! We came up with so many ideas!
Miku (WxS): KAITO, what do you think?! Will we be able to do a show with Birdie now?
KAITO: ...
Len: KAITO...?
KAITO: Well... We came up with every idea that we could.
KAITO: Yours in particular seemed especially good, Miku. Using wires may be the closest we'll ever get to what Birdie originally wanted.
Rin: Does that mean...?!
KAITO: Yes, let's tell them what we came up with.
Rin: Woohoo!
Len: We did it, Miku!
Miku (WxS): Yeah! Thank you for helping, MEIKO, Luka!
Miku (WxS): Huh? You both seem a little unsatisfied.
MEIKO: Oh, sorry! I didn't mean to look so gloomy! I know this isn't the right time!
MEIKO: But please try to remember what Birdie actually wanted, Miku.
MEIKO: Our ideas allow us to take a step closer to their original plan, but it's still not what they were hoping for...
Miku (WxS): Yeah, you're right... None of us said that we should jump around on top of the flying train...
Miku (WxS): But I still wanna do a show with Birdie.
Miku (WxS): I wanna tell Birdie that we all want to, and that we really mean it...
KAITO: Yes...
KAITO: Okay, Miku, go. Our thoughts are in your hands.
Miku (WxS): Okay☆ I'll be back!
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): Where'd Birdie go...?
Miku (WxS): Hmm... Aha!
Birdie Plushie: “Flap-flap-jump-jump! Straight through the donut!”
Birdie Plushie: No, there has to be a better way to show how much fun it is to fly... A cooler way...
Miku (WxS): Birdie's really all alone...
Birdie Plushie: “Flap-flap-jump-jump! Straight through the donut!” Ow!!
Miku (WxS): Oh no...!
Birdie Plushie: That was close. I'd have a big bump on my head right now if I weren't a plushie.
Birdie Plushie: *Sob* If only someone would help me...
Miku (WxS): Bird...
Birdie Plushie: No! Now's not the time for that!!
Miku (WxS): ...!
Birdie Plushie: I said I'm gonna do this show! And only I can do it because it's too dangerous for the others!
Birdie Plushie: I have to do it! I have to show everyone just how much fun it is to fly!
Birdie Plushie: It's so sad that only I know what it's like to fly. So, I'm gonna show everyone how great it is!
Birdie Plushie: I wanna show them how great it feels to rip through the air! I wanna tell them about how fun it is when you become so light as you fly really high into the air!
Birdie Plushie: Alright, I'm gonna keep trying that last part until I succeed!
Miku (WxS): Birdie...
Miku (WxS): (Now I see... Birdie wants to pull off those stunts no matter what.)
Miku (WxS): I'm not sure I should say anything right now...
Miku (WxS): As worried as I am, I kinda want to see Birdie's show...
Birdie Plushie: “Flap-flap-jump-jump! Straight through the donut!”
Miku (WxS): Good luck, Birdie! I'll be back a little later...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Hehe. Thank goodness Rui feels a little better now♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Rui: Thank you...
Rui: I really appreciate how you always listen to our concerns.
Rui: I'll try giving it some more thought and see which way I should go...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Miku (WxS): I hope Rui goes back to smiling soon...
Miku (WxS): Hm? There's something on the ground over there...
Birdie Plushie: Ohh...
Miku (WxS): B-Birdie?! Did you fall over again?!
(Black cut)
Birdie Plushie: Oof... Thanks, Miku. I really appreciate you helping me again.
Miku (WxS): That's okay♪ I mean, we're friends, right? And fellow show performers☆
Birdie Plushie: Miku...
Birdie Plushie: I'm sorry for asking so much of you guys...
Miku (WxS): What?
Birdie Plushie: Flying freely through the sky... Putting on a show that makes it look fun and exciting... Showing you all how amazing it feels...
Birdie Plushie: That's what I've always wanted to do... That's why I wanted to do a show on top of the flying train.
Miku (WxS): But your show was so good! I really liked it!
Miku (WxS): You did a great job of showing us just how fun it is to fly in the air! A really, really great job!
Birdie Plushie: Hehe. Thanks, Miku. I'm glad I got to do my show too.
Birdie Plushie: Still... I couldn't help but feel kinda sad while I was walking over here...
Birdie Plushie: I keep wondering if it would've been more fun if you guys did that show with me.
Miku (WxS): Birdie...
Miku (WxS): Actually, Birdie! There's something I want to tell you.
Birdie Plushie: Tell me?
Miku (WxS): I waited until now because I didn't want to bother you while you were so focused on practicing...
(Black cut)
Birdie Plushie: Wow! You guys came up with all these ideas for my show?!
Miku (WxS): Yup! Rin, Len, KAITO, MEIKO and Luka all helped♪
Miku (WxS): We did our best to get as close as possible to the original idea for your show...
Miku (WxS): But based on your performance, I understand now that the show you wanted to do is what we just saw... That's what we have to do...
Miku (WxS): Which is why we were so impressed with how you followed through with it until the very end!
Birdie Plushie: Miku...
Birdie Plushie: Um, Miku...?
Miku (WxS): Yeah?
Birdie Plushie: I wanna do a show with you guys. One with flying and everything.
Birdie Plushie: I wanna do the show you guys came up with!
Miku (WxS): Really?! Are you sure?!
Birdie Plushie: Yeah!
Birdie Plushie: It's true that your ideas are a little different from what I wanted to do.
Birdie Plushie: But seeing the ideas you came up with made me want to try them out!
Miku (WxS): You do?! Yay!
Len: Oh, there you are! Hey, we found Miku and Birdie!
KAITO: Thank goodness... We were getting worried since we hadn't seen you all day.
Miku (WxS): Oh no! I'm so sorry! I was busy looking for Birdie and talking to Rui.
MEIKO: Oh, that explains quite a lot.
Miku (WxS): More importantly! Everyone! Birdie said we should do that show we all came up with!
Rin: Wait, really?!
Birdie Plushie: Yeah! Wh-What do you guys think...?
Len: We definitely want to! Right, KAITO?
KAITO: Yes, of course.
Miku & Birdie Plushie: Woohoo♪ Woohoo!
MEIKO: Hehe. Then, let's head back to the stage and tell Luka the good news!
Miku (WxS): Yeah! Birdie, let's go♪ I'll carry you on my shoulders☆
Birdie Plushie: Yay! Thanks!
(Black cut)
