537_Hatsune Miku (Ln)_R4 Voices In Unison (event_76)

Gacha phrase: I want to sing your song, Ichika.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): I'm glad the girls' music video shoot went so well.
Rin: Yeah, me too! They gave me goosebumps because they looked so awesome♪
Len: And they played well. They all seemed really confident about themselves.
Miku (Ln): I agree. I thought I knew about how much they've grown up to this point...
Miku (Ln): But today, their performance made my heart jump. It was like they were absolutely determined to have their song heard by as many people as possible.
Len: Yeah, I felt as if I'd been hit by a wave of their emotions while listening.
Miku (Ln): I hope they succeed... I really want more people to hear their song.
Rin: They totally will☆ I mean, their performance was just that amazing!
Rin: I bet people around the world are gonna hear them and say, “Wow! Check out Leo/need♪”
Len: You know it's not gonna be that easy, right...?
Rin: Why not? They played so well today!
Len: Yeah, I know... But the world's full of even more amazing bands, including professional ones.
Rin: So...?
Len: So... Um...
Miku (Ln): There's plenty of other incredible songs and performances in this sea of music.
Miku (Ln): And Leo/need has to compete against all of them and find ways to turn people's heads, right?
Rin: Do you think they're not gonna be able to do that, Miku-P...?
Miku (Ln): No, I'm just trying to say that there's a very big world out there. Bigger than we realize...
Miku (Ln): And the girls practice each day because they're fully aware of that fact.
Len: Yeah, they're gonna feel a lot of pressure if our expectations become too inflated.
Rin: Oh, right...
Miku (Ln): But I know how you feel, Rin. I also want lots and lots of people to see the girls' music video.
Miku (Ln): At the very least, I was incredibly moved by the way they played.
Miku (Ln): It may've been just for a music video, but I'm incredibly glad that I got to witness that...
Rin: Me too! We were the only ones there, so it was like... Uhh... A private show, right?!
Len: I don't think that's quite...
Rin: Ugh! Forget the details! Anyway, let's talk more about their video♪
Rin: Sakki was so amazing during the chorus! It's like she was able to channel all of her feelings into each note!
Len: Yeah, Saki definitely seemed to be on a roll. It was like she was saying, “Get ready for the chorus! Here it comes!” And she really pulled everyone forward.
Miku (Ln): She did. Honami and Shiho had perfect synergy with her too, which created such a wonderful vibe.
Len: Yeah. They provided the foundation that allowed her synth to really shine through.
Len: And then, the way Ichika played her guitar! That was so cool!
Miku (Ln): Yes, it was...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika: ♪————!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): She sounded so much better than usual. I could feel each note resonating with my heart...
Rin: Yeah, same! Ichi was so cool!
Rin: *Sigh* I really wanna see them play like that again...
Len: It won't be live, but you can watch their music video as many times as you like.
Rin: Wait, that's right! Len, you're a genius!
Len: I'm not sure how I feel about that... If anything, I feel like you're sorta making fun of me.
Rin: No, I'm not making fun of you! Honest!
Miku (Ln): Hehe.
Miku (Ln): (Getting everyone around the world to suddenly hear the girls' song like Rin says is a tall order...)
Miku (Ln): (But there are definitely people out there who know how good their music is.)
Miku (Ln): (I really hope they succeed...)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): ♪————
Miku (Ln): (Ichika's song really is nice...)
Miku (Ln): (They've only played it a few times, but I know all of it by heart already for some reason...)
Miku (Ln): ♪————　♪————
KAITO: Miku, what was that song...?
MEIKO: I've never heard it before. But it sounds very nice for some reason.
Len: Yeah, hang on... Is it a new Leo/need song?
Miku (Ln): Impressive. You knew after just listening to a small part of it.
Miku (Ln): I was just playing a song that Ichika wrote.
KAITO: Wait, Ichika...?
Len: She's writing songs now?! Not just lyrics?!
MEIKO: That's great news! When did this all happen?!
MEIKO: Miku, can you play it again? You don't have to play it all. Just what you know!
KAITO: I'd like to hear it again as well...
Len: Me too!
Miku (Ln): Sure, I can do that. I was actually practicing it anyway.
(Black cut)
Miku (Ln): ♪————...
KAITO: It's nice... Such a warm and gentle song.
Len: Yeah, from start to finish, it felt like a song that was written by Ichika.
MEIKO: I agree. It's so easy to listen to and understand because her music and lyrics are so straightforward.
Miku (Ln): Yes, it's like Ichika filled it with all of her best qualities. Also...
Miku (Ln): This one's sort of special.
KAITO: Special...?
Miku (Ln): Here's a copy of the original that she gave me. I'd like you all to listen to it.
Miku: ♪————
Len: Wait, this is...!
Miku: ♪————
KAITO: Miku's voice...?
Miku (Ln): Yes.
Miku (Ln): Ichika said that she wrote this because she wanted to sing with the me over there.
KAITO: I see...
MEIKO: I think I sort of understand why this song sounds so nice and seems to really hit home now...
KAITO: Her appreciation for Miku plays a significant role. That may be why we're feeling a personal connection to it.
Len: Yeah...
Miku (Ln): And the girls plan on playing this song as Leo/need.
Len: Oh, that explains why it uses the same instruments as them...!
MEIKO: I'm sure it'll be quite something when we hear them perform this live.
Miku (Ln): Yes, I'm also very excited about that.
Len: Hang on. Were you practicing it just now with the hopes that you'd get to play it with them?
Miku (Ln): Yes, there's that...
Miku (Ln): But I also wanted to get more of a sense of what Ichika put into writing this song.
KAITO: I know what you mean... This song's full of riffs and phrases that make you want to play it.
KAITO: I'm getting my guitar...
Len: Oh, me too!
MEIKO: Hey, wait! Me three!
MEIKO: Also, why don't we go ask Luka and Rin? I'm sure they'll want to play this song as well.
Miku (Ln): Yes, let's.
MEIKO: Okay! Then, I'll go find them! You wait here, Miku!
Miku (Ln): Alright, thank you!
Miku (Ln): I was only planning on playing it a little, but we all have a habit of practicing songs until we learn them completely.
Miku (Ln): I wonder if we'll be ready to perform by the time the girls get here.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. I'm looking forward to seeing the look on Ichika's face when we do.
(Black cut)
