579_Hatsune Miku (Ln)_R3 Watchful Seniors (event_83)

Gacha phrase: You're all in great form.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

(Black cut)
Miku (Ln): (Every time I play this song... It feels like there's just something different about it.)
Miku (Ln): (It's like Ichika said... When I play it, my heart...)
Miku (Ln): H-How long have you all been there?!
Rin: We came in just now. But it looked like you were trying to focus, Miku-P, so we figured we should keep quiet!
Luka: We were wondering where you'd gone after Ichika and the girls left. So you've been practicing here the whole time?
Miku (Ln): P-Practicing? Not really. Just playing something I like...
Miku (Ln): Also, you really should've said something. I thought my heart was going to stop.
MEIKO: Haha. Sorry about that. We didn't want to interrupt since you had a good sound going and seemed to be really enjoying yourself.
Rin: Yeah, I wanted to hear more! You were playing the song Ichi wrote just now, right?
Miku (Ln): Yes...
KAITO: The sound you were producing felt very happy. More than usual...
Luka: Yes, you seemed to have a lot of fun playing it.
Luka: Does this song have a special place in your heart, Miku?
Miku (Ln): When you put it that way, I can't help but feel embarrassed...
Miku (Ln): Still, you're right... Although I didn't directly do anything for Ichika when she was writing this song...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Ichika: And... Miku, when I heard you sing that melody for the first time, I...
Ichika: I thought our hearts were in perfect sync.
Ichika: The way I wanted to show how much I want to be there for everyone and how brilliant their smiles are... Miku, through your singing voice, you said that you understand.
Ichika: That made me so happy. Which is why when I finished writing my song earlier...
Ichika: It felt like we made it together... I didn't create it alone. This song felt like our song.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (Ln): It made me so happy when she said that “we made it together”.
Miku (Ln): I knew that Ichika liked the Miku from her world... But I wasn't expecting her to say that about her very first song that meant so much to her.
Miku (Ln): Which is why this song is also precious to me... Whenever I play it, I can feel my heart syncing perfectly with hers, just like she said.
Miku (Ln): I can feel her honest personality flowing through me.
Luka: It really is a wonderful song... The others have mentioned this before, but I hope this reaches the ears of more and more people.
Rin: But it is! The video for this song's already gotten 500 views!
Len: The one with Miku singing has 1,600, right? That's pretty incredible.
KAITO: However, I agree with Luka... I too hope more people listen to it.
Miku (Ln): Me too. No, I don't hope... I'm sure it'll reach them.
Miku (Ln): Because Ichika's song is just that good!
Rin: Hehe♪ So it really did put a big smile on your face, Miku-P♪
Miku (Ln): Well, of course...
KAITO: Yes, also... It's had a fairly significant effect on us...
MEIKO: It has. Not only does it resonate with me each time, I seem to learn something new with every listen.
MEIKO: Because Ichika poured her heart and soul into this wonderful song.
Miku (Ln): All of you...
Luka: Hehe. Then, let's show just how much this song means to us by singing it.
Miku (Ln): Okay...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Ichika: ♪——————!
Miku & MEIKO: ...
KAITO: They've taken on quite a challenge...
Len: They're good through like the third song, but they start looking visibly tired from the fourth onwards...
Luka: Ichika seems to be out of breath too...
MEIKO: They're practicing for the real thing by playing songs back to back, which is likely going to take its toll both physically and mentally.
Miku (Ln): ...
Shiho: Alright, next song...
Ichika, Honami & Saki: Okay...!
(Black cut)
Ichika: Well, thanks for today. We'll be going now.
Honami: We'll see you all later.
Miku (Ln): They looked exhausted...
Luka: Yes, they did... Playing this much back to back must've been harder on them than we realized.
KAITO: I agree. Their performance began to unravel during the second half...
MEIKO: It seems that they're at a critical juncture...
Rin: But...! Can't we just sub in for them partway or something?!
Len: There's no way we could do that.
Luka: Unfortunately... All we can do is watch over them...
Miku (Ln): Right...
KAITO: Miku...?
Miku (Ln): I want the girls to keep trying their best...
Miku (Ln): Since this is their big chance to achieve their dream of going pro together.
Miku (Ln): At the same time...
Miku (Ln): I'm worried about them practicing so hard... If something were to happen to any of them...
Miku (Ln): Ichika in particular, since she sang with everything she had throughout their practice... She could lose her voice at any given time.
Miku (Ln): Not only that, they have to do a whole list of other things in preparation for their solo show.
Miku (Ln): Which is why I'm really worried about them having to work so hard...
Miku (Ln): But I can't possibly tell them not to do that...
Rin: Miku-P...
MEIKO: I understand how you feel, Miku. I'm just as worried as you are.
MEIKO: Saki's prone to getting sick and Honami has to physically do more work by virtue of being the drummer...
MEIKO: Shiho also has a strong sense of responsibility and wants to become a professional musician above all else, so she's not going to stop here.
MEIKO: Just seeing them... I agree with you, Rin. I wish there were some way we could swap places with them.
MEIKO: However...
MEIKO: I'm also confident that they'll figure out a way.
Luka: They've overcome so much already...
Luka: When they decided to go pro together, and when they had their intense practice sessions here so they could show that their music means something...
Luka: They made it this far because they didn't run away from themselves, no?
Rin: Yeah, you're right...! I'm super worried... But the girls should be able to...!
Len: Yeah. I'm sure they'll find a way to fly past this hurdle!
Miku (Ln): All of you...
Luka: So, let's maintain our faith and keep supporting them as much as we can.
Miku (Ln): Okay...
Miku (Ln): Thank you all very much.
Miku (Ln): Worrying won't actually help solve anything.
Miku (Ln): So, to make sure that their solo show succeeds, let's keep watching over them and be ready to support the girls at a moment's notice!
Luka: Yes!
(Black cut)
