644_Hatsune Miku (MMJ)_R4 Yokohama? I Predict Good Food♪ (event_94)

Gacha phrase: Everything looks so yummy♪

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): (There's so many shops and places in this Yokohama guidebook Minori left for us.)
Miku (MMJ): Let's see, Minori said that she and her group are going to... Chinatown, was it?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Minori: Check this out, Miku! This steamed bun is shaped like a panda!
Miku (MMJ): It is! It's called a “panda bun”. That's so cute!
Miku (MMJ): And this castella looks so soft and yummy! I wonder what it tastes like.
Minori: Oh, then I'll get some for you as a souvenir! We can all share!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Miku (MMJ): I hope she and her group get to eat all of the things they want.
Miku (MMJ): Oh, there's stuff about the Red Brick Center on this page.
Miku (MMJ): Haruka said that she and her group are going to go shopping there. I'm sure it'll be fun just looking around since there's so many shops.
Luka: What are you reading so intensely, Miku?
Miku (MMJ): Oh, Luka! Rin!
Miku (MMJ): I was reading through the Yokohama guidebook. Minori, Haruka and their classes will be going there for a field trip♪
Rin: Wow! There's a huge red building and the sea!
Miku (MMJ): This place is called the Red Brick Center.
Luka: Well it definitely lives up to its name, given the red bricks. Looks historical too.
Miku (MMJ): Apparently it used to be a warehouse for the harbor. Here, it says so in the guidebook.
Rin: You're right! So, it has three floors, huh? It looks really big and has lots of shops!
Miku (MMJ): Yeah. Haruka said she wasn't even sure if they'll get to see everything.
Miku (MMJ): There's also Chinatown and the Ferris wheel too. Looks like there's a lot of fun places to go.
Rin: I didn't know that! Hey, where's Minori going?
Miku (MMJ): She said Chinatown. Which page was it...
Luka: Isn't that where that magnificent gate is?
Miku (MMJ): Yeah, it is. Oh, here's the page!
Rin: Wow! That is magnificent! And huge too! There's a lot of people taking photos in front of it.
Miku (MMJ): Yeah. But it looks like the food vendors are the selling point of this place.
Miku (MMJ): Here, look at where Minori put her sticky notes.
Rin: Whoa, that's amazing! There's so many food places!
Miku (MMJ): It seems like they stretch on and on once you go through the gate.
Luka: Authentic dim sum, broiled sweet chestnuts, castella... Everything looks so yummy.
Miku (MMJ): Yeah. Apparently even the steamed buns taste different depending on the shop, which makes you just want to try all of them.
Luka: What's this? Sounds like someone is quite the glutton.
Miku (MMJ): What?! G-Give me a break. Airi said the same thing...
Rin & Luka: Haha. Hehe.
Rin: I hope Minori and the others have lots of fun.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe, me too.
Miku (MMJ): (I told them to try to relax since they're always working so hard, but...)
Miku (MMJ): (Haruka and Minori will be changing to the credit-based course.)
Miku (MMJ): (Which means they won't get to be in the same class as their friends in the general education course...)
Miku (MMJ): (That's why I want them to enjoy the field trip with their friends as regular high school students.)
Rin: Hey, Miku. Wanna look and decide what places we would want to see if we were going?
Miku (MMJ): That sounds like so much fun♪ Yeah, let's!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): Make sure to keep in sync♪ One, two, three, four!
Minori: One, two, three, four!
(Black cut)
Haruka: Good work, everyone. Let's drill the next part tomorrow.
Minori: Okay! Phew, it's over...!
Luka: The steps midway were quite difficult, but the song's rhythm made it really fun to dance to.
Airi: Yeah! I picked it since I thought it'd be good for refining our dancing.
Minori: *Groan* Just when I thought I was finally able to start doing harder routines... I guess there is always going to be something harder...
Shizuku: Yes, but once you gain the skills, you'll be able to do really cool routines and perform them for the fans.
Airi: Also, we just had the rest of the souvenirs that you and Haruka brought for us. I think we broke quite a sweat and burnt those calories off, don't you?
Miku (MMJ): Oh, we also ate some before practice! The creamy caramel, the manju, everything was so yummy!
Luka: You especially liked the creamy caramel, didn't you, Miku?
Miku (MMJ): Yeah. The castella and the chocolate cookies were really good too, but that was so sweet and melted right in my mouth...
Miku (MMJ): It was like a bite of pure happiness. I felt like I was going to melt away with the caramel.
Haruka: Hehe, I'm glad you liked it.
Luka: But at one point, Miku said that she was feeling a little regretful.
Haruka: Huh?
Miku (MMJ): L-Luka! I told you to keep that a secret...
Miku (MMJ): Um, I wouldn't say I was regretful... But after we ate all of the souvenirs, I felt a little sad...
Minori: Oh, right! We should've bought you all some more.
Airi: Oh wow, Miku. I guess you really are quite the glutton—
Miku (MMJ): Aaahhh! No, no, no! I didn't mean to imply that it wasn't enough!
Miku (MMJ): It's just... They were souvenirs from your trip, so I was sad that they're all gone.
Miku (MMJ): When you receive souvenirs, you usually ask about where the person went and what they did, right?
Miku (MMJ): So getting those souvenirs felt like you were sharing your memories you made on your trip with me.
Shizuku: Sharing memories... What a wonderful way to put it.
Minori: So that's what you meant! We did only end up bringing back food and didn't think about getting anything you could put up for display.
Haruka: That's true...
Haruka: In that case, why don't we fill those holes of sadness by sharing more and more memories with everyone?
Miku (MMJ): Huh?
Haruka: For example, with...this.
Shizuku: A phone?
Airi: Oh, I get it! Photos!
Haruka: Correct! I showed a few to Miku already... But there's still plenty more, so I thought I could tell you more about the trip while we look through them.
Haruka: Also, I don't think you've seen the photos Minori and her group took either.
Minori: Yeah! There's so many photos I want to show you all!
Miku (MMJ): ...!
Miku (MMJ): Thank you, Haruka, Minori! I want to see all of your photos and hear everything about your trip!
Shizuku: Me too.
Minori: Okay, then let's start with my photos! Um, what to show first...
Minori: Here! This is when we arrived at Chinatown!
Miku (MMJ): Wow! It's the exact gate that's in the guidebook!
Luka: It is. Hehe, Minori and her group are all smiling.
Airi: Ah, so Kohane and Shiho were in the same group.
Shizuku: Shii looks like she's having so much fun that even I'm smiling...!
Airi: Smiling? Don't you mean fawning?
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. I get how Shizuku feels. I can't help but feel happy just seeing Minori and her group in this photo♪
Luka: Me too. So did you all go and try the food after this?
Minori: Yeah! Once we got in, we went to the nearest shop to get meat buns and then...
Miku (MMJ): (I read a lot about all of the different shops there and what each of them sold in the guidebook, but...)
Minori: So I split it open with my chopsticks first like the staff at the soup dumpling shop told me to, and the soup was really hot and came pouring out!
Minori: I was so surprised at how much there was and wondered if all of that was really in there from the beginning!
Airi: Hold on, wait a minute. That sounds exaggerated.
Minori: I-I'm not exaggerating! Here, look at this photo!
Miku (MMJ): (It's so much fun just listening to Minori and Haruka talk about their experiences...)
Miku (MMJ): (And since they're sharing these precious memories with us, I want to remember them too.)
Miku (MMJ): Hey, Minori. Can I see the soup dumpling photo too♪
Minori: Sure! See? The soup looks like it's about to spill over the spoon, right? And then, after that...
(Black cut)
