706_Hatsune Miku_RB Happy Anniversary! 2024

Gacha phrase: To give you more of what you love!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Miku (VBS): Alright, that should be all the ingredients.
Toya: Yes, and all the equipment we need is set up.
Kohane: Hehe. I hope your anniversary cake turns out well.
Akito: It's gonna take some time, so we better get started now.
Miku (VBS): You're right.
MEIKO: Miku, are you sure you don't want me and KAITO to help?
Miku (VBS): Well, if you did, then there's no way it could go wrong.
Miku (VBS): But don't worry. We'll make sure we don't waste the ingredients by working together and following the recipe to a T.
MEIKO: If you say so... It is your anniversary, so I guess we should just let you do what you want to.
KAITO: And so, we're counting on you, An, as the experienced cook in the room.
An: Ahaha...
Akito: (I don't really get what's going on, but I have a bad feeling about this...)
(Black cut)
Miku (VBS): So, let's start by sifting out some cake flour.
Kohane: Oh, I can do that since I did it when we baked at school.
An: Thanks, Kohane! I'll leave that to you then!
Kohane: Sure! Then I'll do it over on that table so I don't get flour on anyone.
An: Got it! Which leaves us to make the meringue I guess.
Miku (VBS): I actually know how to make a meringue. KAITO taught me and Toya when we were making cupcakes.
An: Really? I'll leave that to you two then!
Miku (VBS): Sure. I'll take the hand mixer then.
MEIKO: (Luka...! Luka...!)
Luka: (Got it, I'm on it♪)
Luka: An, I'll keep an eye on those two, so please hand out the rest of the work.
An: Thank you, Luka. Though, the only job left is...
Akito: “Beat egg yolks with a hand mixer until fluffy and light.”
An: Oh, I brought a hand mixer from home, so you can use that.
Akito: Thanks.
Rin: Akito, do you know how to use a hand mixer?
Akito: How to use it? You just flip the switch and make sure everything gets evenly mixed.
Akito: Well, I guess you also gotta make sure the mixer doesn't bump against the bowl and send everything fly—
Luka: Whoa! Miku, stop stop stooop! The mixer's scraping against the bowl!
Len: Like that?
Akito: Like that...
An: W-Well it's not easy to never hit it even once, so let's just be careful!
An: Oh yeah, did you add the sugar already?
Miku (VBS): I'm about to. You add it three times, right?
An: Yep, that's right! Wait...
Akito: Uh, Miku? Just to be clear, you know that doesn't mean three bowlfuls, right?
Toya, Miku & Luka: Huh?
An & Akito: Huh?
Rin: Luka! You shouldn't be confused about it too!
Luka: B-But, Miku said it so confidently!
Len: (I'm gonna go help Kohane. It's gotta be less chaotic over there.)
(Black cut)
Akito: I just put the batter in the oven.
Miku (VBS): Got it, thanks.
Kohane: I'm excited to see how it turns out. I hope it bakes evenly.
An: It'll be okay... It should be...
MEIKO: Um... Good work, everyone...
KAITO: We have drinks here for everyone, so why don't you take a break?
Kohane: Oh yeah! Maybe the show's started already.
Miku (VBS): What show?
Kohane: The Miku from our world is putting on an anniversary show. It's being streamed, so you can even watch it on a phone.
Miku (VBS): Nice. Can you show me?
Len: Oh, I wanna see too!
Luka: An...
An: Hehe, let's all watch together.
Rin: Woohoo! Thanks, An!
(Background change)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Rin: <We only just got started, but everyone's already so excited!>
KAITO: <I've been so excited in the lead-up to today.>
KAITO: <After all, we get to announce the results of our “Who's Your Favorite Miku?” poll.>
Luka: <You'll know this if you watched the trailer, but we put out a poll asking for song requests for today's set list.>
Rin: <And the theme was “Who's Your Favorite Miku?”!>
Miku: <Thank you so much for all the requests!>
Miku: <We asked you to write reasons for the songs you chose, and I was moved at how some of you poured out your hearts as if you were writing a letter to me.>
Miku: <To tell you the truth, the plan was to sing the top ten requested songs from that poll.>
Miku: <But after reading all your messages, that didn't feel like enough.>
Miku: <And so, I put together a special medley of the songs that got the most passionate requests♪>
(Background change)
Miku (VBS): “Favorite Miku”...? I like that.
Len: We still have time until the cake is done baking, right? Let's take this chance to watch the show!
Rin: Hmm, if only we had something to wave like those glow sticks the people in the venue have.
Luka: Oh, what if we waved the ladles?
KAITO: Or the spatulas!
MEIKO: Hey, don't treat my kitchen like your toybox.
Luka & KAITO: Yes ma'am...
Kohane & An: Hehe. Hahaha.
Toya: Everyone, they're about to announce #10 from the poll.
Miku (VBS): This is exciting. I wonder what kind of song it is.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

???: Thank you for waiting, everyone♪
Miku: I'm so glad you're all here for my anniversary show!
Miku: Everyone watching the stream, can you hear me okay?
Miku: Hehe, thank you for all the anniversary wishes in the comments! It looks like you can hear me just fine.
Rin: We only just got started, but everyone's already so excited!
Len: That's only to be expected! It's her anniversary after all!
MEIKO: That's right! But we're not just here to celebrate Miku. There's something else that everyone's looking forward to.
KAITO: Yes! I've been so excited in the lead-up to today.
KAITO: After all, we get to announce the results of our “Who's Your Favorite Miku?” poll.
Luka: You'll know this if you watched the trailer, but we put out a poll asking for song requests for today's set list.
Rin: And the theme was “Who's Your Favorite Miku?”!
Miku: Thank you so much for all the requests!
Miku: We asked you to write reasons for the songs you chose, and I was moved at how some of you poured out your hearts as if you were writing a letter to me.
KAITO: I also got to peek at some of them, and I agree that they were all very passionately written.
Miku: Yeah!
Miku: To tell you the truth, the plan was to sing the top ten requested songs from that poll.
Miku: But after reading all your messages, that didn't feel like enough.
Miku: And so, I put together a special medley of the songs that got the most passionate requests♪
Miku: And now, without further ado, let's get this show started♪
Miku: Starting from #10 from the poll! Here we go...
Everyone: Start the music!
(Black cut)
Miku: ♪————! ♪——————!!
Rin, Luka & MEIKO: ♪————!!
Len & KAITO: ♪————!!
(Black cut)
Miku: Before we move on to #5, it's time for the special medley!
Len: We chose the songs for this medley based on all the interesting messages we received, so we'll read some of those out first!
MEIKO: Who knows, you might hear your own message!
Miku: Hehe. I'm sure you're all excited♪
(Black cut)
Miku: There are just three more songs to go...
MEIKO: Time really flies by when you're having fun.
Miku: Yeah...
Miku: We received so many requests for a whole range of songs.
Miku: For every one of these songs, there are so many people who hold it dear, each with their own tastes and preferences.
Miku: I feel lucky to think that I get to be the one singing songs like that.
Luka: What's this? Miku, are you tearing up?
Miku: N-No I'm not...
Rin: Hahaha! Seeing you already choked up makes me wonder if you're ready for our surprise.
Miku: Huh? Surprise?
Luka: Don't you think there's an important thing we've yet to do, given it's your anniversary?
Rin: All together now, everyone! Just like we practiced!
Miku: Wait, what? “Practiced”?
KAITO: Hehe. One, two, three!
Audience: Miku!
Audience: We'll love you forever and ever!!!
Miku: Oh...
Miku: Everyone...!
Rin, Len, Luka, MEIKO & KAITO: Happy anniversary, Miku!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000228/bg_s000228.png)
Rin: Miku, happy anniversary!
Rin: Did the birthday wishes from the audience surprise you? We practiced with them sneakily while you weren't there! I'm glad we pulled it off.
Rin: And thank you to the audience for helping us out!
Len: Happy anniversary, Miku! I had so much fun reading those messages!
Len: You could really feel the love of your fans in every one of them. Even I was beaming after reading them.
Len: Let's give it our all right until the end of the show!
Luka: Happy anniversary, Miku.
Luka: Even though this was a show for demonstrating your fans' “favorite Mikus”, we had some duets and ensembles in the mix.
Luka: I guess that means I got to help people love you more? If so, I'm very pleased.
MEIKO: I agree!
MEIKO: You're my treasured friend, Miku. I'm proud to think that I've done something to help you and the fans who love you.
MEIKO: By the way, never hesitate to call on me if you need help, even for things that aren't music-related. We're friends, so it's no trouble at all!
KAITO: Happy anniversary, Miku!
KAITO: You covered such a big range of songs today, from cute pop tracks and slow ballads to creepy, dark tunes and comedy numbers.
KAITO: For each song, you showed a specific, brilliant side of yourself and delivered the “favorite Miku” that the person who requested it had in mind.
KAITO: Now we just have the top three left! I'm excited to see what “favorite Mikus” are next!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Miku: You guys... Thank you...
Miku: Being loved by so many people... Working so hard to get here... I couldn't have done it alone.
Miku: It's thanks to all of you being by my side.
Miku: Genuinely, thank you so much...!
Miku: I'd also like to thank everyone who came to today's show.
Miku: Thank you for all your love for me and my music!
Miku: I'm going to keep singing with all my heart to give you more of what you love!
Miku: Now, I'll be finishing off with the top three back-to-back!
Miku: Let's have a blast until the very end!
(White cut)
