707_Hatsune Miku (WxS)_R4 Shiny Smiley Magic (event_105)

Gacha phrase: I'm gonna make everyone smile!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): So, let's decide on which show we're gonna do to show our support for Tsukasa and the others☆
Len & Rin: Yeah!
MEIKO: Yay!
Luka: They all seem very excited about this.
KAITO: Hehe. Yes, they do.
KAITO: Now, let's start with some general ideas. Any suggestions?
Miku (WxS): Oh, I do♪ We should do a show they've done before☆
KAITO: One they've done before?
Miku (WxS): Yeah♪
Miku (WxS): Remember how Nene did a really amazing job during the Christmas show?
Miku (WxS): She managed to overcome what happened to her in the past and put on an incredible singing performance!
KAITO: Right.
KAITO: Yes, each show they've done up until now seems to have involved overcoming some kind of hurdle.
KAITO: Being reminded of what they've achieved may give them a nice boost of confidence.
MEIKO: I agree! Nice idea, Miku♪
Miku (WxS): Hehe.
Rin: But which one? They've done so many♪
Luka: “A Pianist Named Thorpe” or “The Happy Phoenix” seem like good options.
KAITO: Those involved Tsukasa making rather remarkable strides as an actor.
Len: Hmm. Still, which do we choose?
Rin: Yeah, it's too hard to pick just one!
MEIKO: Then, why don't we do all of them?
KAITO: As much as I'm sure we'd all like to, I don't think we'll have enough time to prepare...
MEIKO: Right... I'm actually not sure if I'll be able to remember all of my lines.
KAITO: Which means we should probably just pick one and focus all our attention on it.
Miku (WxS): But which one? They've done so many♪
Miku (WxS): Hmmm...
Luka, Len & Rin: Hmmm...
MEIKO & KAITO: Hmm...
Miku (WxS): Tsukasa and the others are gonna leave Phoenix Wonderland to do shows in all sorts of different places, right...?
KAITO: Yes. Their goal is to improve their skills by meeting new people and performing in new places.
MEIKO: And I'm sure they're going to achieve some spectacular results!
MEIKO: After all, they've already succeeded in putting on a show that involved the entire cast of Phoenix Wonderland♪
Rin: Yeah, for the night show! That was so amazing.
Len: It really was! And it was great that we got to join in on the fun.
Miku (WxS): I know, right☆ I was so moved by Shao and Miles's story that...
Miku (WxS): Wait a second!!!
KAITO: Huh...?!
Rin: Why?! What's wrong?
Miku (WxS): We've been forgetting about one of their most important shows! The one about Shao and Miles!
Miku (WxS): It was about making people who've lost hope smile again with magic!
Miku (WxS): And I know that smiles and laughter mean absolutely everything to them! Everything!
Miku (WxS): I mean, Tsukasa wanted to become an actor because he wanted his little sister Saki to smile♪
MEIKO: Oh, right...
Miku (WxS): Not only that, Emu's dream is to protect Phoenix Wonderland and fill it with even more smiles, right?
Miku (WxS): Nene and Rui also want their shows to put smiles on the faces of the people who come see them!
KAITO: Miku's right. Smiles and laughter do mean quite a lot to them.
Miku (WxS): See?
Miku (WxS): That's why I wanna do that show and encourage them to keep making people smile and laugh.
Miku (WxS): It'll be our way of telling them to keep doing their best☆
MEIKO: Yes, that sounds wonderful!
Len: Yeah! I wanna do that show too!
Rin: Me too♪
KAITO: Then, let's go with Miku's suggestion. The story of Shao and Miles!
Miku (WxS): Woohoo!
Miku (WxS): Alright♪ Let's do our absolute best for Tsukasa and the others☆
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): *Sigh*
KAITO: Huh? Miku?
KAITO: It's rare to see you staring off into space like this.
Miku (WxS): I don't have anything to do after putting on that show for Tsukasa and the others.
KAITO: Ah, I see.
KAITO: I'm sorry, Miku. Maybe I shouldn't have suggested we all take a break after working so hard on our show...
Miku (WxS): No, it's important for us to take breaks when we can! You did nothing wrong, KAITO.
Miku (WxS): It's just...
Miku (WxS): *Sigh* I'm so bored...
KAITO: Then, why don't we chat about something together?
Miku (WxS): Wait, really?
KAITO: Hehe. I was just thinking about organizing the props since I also don't have much else to do at the mo—
Miku (WxS): Wait, KAITO, that's actual work! You shouldn't be doing that!
KAITO: That's sort of my point. I figured I'd talk to you instead. So, how about it?
Miku (WxS): Okay☆ Let's talk about stuff!
Miku (WxS): So, what do you wanna talk about?
KAITO: Well...
KAITO: We talked quite a lot about the show we did for Tsukasa and the others after it finished, so...
KAITO: I know. Can you tell me more about you-but-not-you, Miku?
Miku (WxS): ...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (WxS): Okay!
Miku (WxS): Come here, KAITO! Sit next to me! Hurry♪
KAITO: Thank you. Then, if you don't mind.
KAITO: You had such a surprised look on your face after you said you'd met her.
Miku (WxS): Yeah☆ Because nothing like that had ever happened to me before♪
Miku (WxS): Oh, KAITO! Do you think she's the Miku you met that time?
KAITO: Hmm... I'm not sure. I only caught a brief glimpse of her. And she looked...
KAITO: She looked much paler compared to the Miku you described.
Miku (WxS): Really...?!
Miku (WxS): Then, that means every SEKAI really does have totally different versions of us in it!
KAITO: That's because this SEKAI was born out of the others' feelings. We were as well.
KAITO: So, what those feelings entail can greatly affect how a SEKAI and our counterparts look.
Miku (WxS): Hehe. We really are an interesting bunch☆
KAITO: Hehe. Yes, we certainly are.
Miku (WxS): Oh, me-but-not-me also said she's been watching all our shows!
Miku (WxS): She even said that she felt really encouraged by them!
KAITO: That's wonderful to hear! We should be proud as actors.
Miku (WxS): And...
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): Hehe. We ended up talking a lot☆
KAITO: The more we talk about them, the more our various encounters begin feeling odd or uncanny.
KAITO: What do you think our counterparts are doing in their respective SEKAI right now?
Miku (WxS): They might be talking to each other and having fun like us♪
KAITO: Hehe. That'd be nice.
Miku (WxS): Oh, KAITO!
KAITO: Yes?
Miku (WxS): Do you think I'll ever see that other me again?
KAITO: Hmm... I can't say for sure...
KAITO: I'd also like to speak with our counterparts from the other SEKAI again, but...
Miku (WxS): But...?
KAITO: I don't know if that will ever happen.
KAITO: I'm guessing that we were able to at all because our feelings were in perfect sync.
Miku (WxS): Okay...
Miku (WxS): Wait, but I remember someone saying...!
Miku (WxS): “What happens twice will happen thrice”!
KAITO: Yes, that's right. It's happened twice already, so a third time doesn't seem out of the question.
Miku (WxS): Exactly♪
Miku (WxS): I hope we get to talk lots and lots more next time.
(Black cut)
