744_Hatsune Miku_R2 Original Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku)

[Program Studio]

Host: Welcome back to another episode of “Get on Those Hot Topics!”
Host: Let's jump straight in and give a warm welcome to our special guest.
Host: Today's guest is none other than... VIRTUAL SINGER Hatsune Miku!
Miku: <Hello, everyone! I'm Hatsune Miku.>
Host: As it turns out, Miku will be performing in the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show, set to be held in Shibuya.
Host: Social media was ablaze with excitement as soon as the show was announced!
Host: Starting today, in the lead-up to the show, we'll be interviewing each of the VIRTUAL SINGERS set to appear!
Host: And Miku is our top batter!
Miku: <Thank you for having me!>
Host: Let me begin with a short bio.
Host: Hatsune Miku is one of the world-famous VIRTUAL SINGERS.
Host: Her long pigtails are not only instantly recognizable, but also adorable.
Miku: <That's very kind of you. I'm glad I made an effort today♪>
Host: You did? You make it look effortless!
Host: Now then, I think we'd all agree that there are a great deal of people with strong feelings about our cute, mischievous Miku and the songs she sings.
Host: With that in mind, we took to the streets and asked folks the question: “What are your Hatsune Miku memories?”
Miku: <Oh, I've been looking forward to hearing the responses to this.>
Host: Is that so? Well then, let's get to it!
(Background change)
Passerby A: My memories of Miku? Hmm...
Passerby A: So, I was told I didn't have a shot at getting into my first choice of high school after I did badly on a practice exam. I was feeling really down...
Passerby A: But then I found a video online of Miku singing, and the song was really motivating. I listened to it all the time while I was studying.
Passerby A: Thank you so much, Miku! Thanks to your song, I pulled it together and scraped my way into the high school I wanted!
(Background change)
Miku: <Hehe, that's great! Congratulations on passing, and have fun in high school!>
(Background change)
Passerby B: Huh, memories of Miku? I have too many to count!
Passerby B: She was there to comfort me when I got my heart broken, and she gave me courage when I decided to tell my crush that I liked him.
Passerby B: Oh, and she has a show coming up, right? I'm gonna bring my boyfriend along to see you, Miku!
(Background change)
Host: And those were our street interview clips! How was that for you, Miku?
Miku: <I'm so glad to see that my singing has helped people.>
Miku: <All of my songs are labors of love by various creators.>
Miku: <So I'm very happy to know that they've reached so many people.>
Host: We also heard this story.
Host: It's from four girls who attend a high school in Shibuya and are in a band together.
Host: Their original inspiration for forming the band was to perform your songs, Miku!
Miku: <Wow, really?>
Miku: <It's surprising to learn that I've even inspired people to start something new like that.>
Host: It seems that's actually happened more often than you might think.
Host: We encountered all sorts of people inspired by you during our interviews, from those who decided to become singers to those who picked up an instrument!
Miku: <Really? I'm so happy to hear that.>
Miku: <It would be nice to sing on stage with those people one day...!>
Host: That would be nice indeed!
(Black cut)
Host: Well, as much as we could keep chatting forever, we have an important announcement to make! Miku, would you do the honors?
Miku: <Of course!>
Miku: <We're looking for your “Miku memories”, like the ones you heard just now, for the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show♪>
Miku: <Check out the official website for more details♪ I can't wait to hear from you!>
Miku: <And tomorrow's guest is—>
Host: Miku, tomorrow's guest is a secret, don't forget.
Miku: <Oops, I forgot!>
Host: Those itching to find out will have to tune in tomorrow for Get on Those Hot Topics!
Host: On that note, Miku, could you please round us off with a message for our viewers?
Miku: <Everyone, thank you for watching this first installment in the interview series♪>
Miku: <We've been working hard to put together a show that a lot of people can enjoy, so you won't be disappointed!>
Host: Maybe even I'll take the day off and go see the show.
Host: And with that, all that's left to say is...
Miku & Host: <Goodbye!> Goodbye!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Miku: Hello everyone!
Miku: It's the event you've all been waiting for, the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show!
Miku: Everyone in the venue, are you ready?!
Miku: How about everyone watching online or in live screenings?
Comments: <Ready!> <I'm so excited!> <Miku!!!>
Miku: Hehe. It seems like everyone can hear me okay!
Rin's Voice (Rin): We can hear you too! Let's hurry up and get started♪
Miku: C'mon now, Rin!
Miku: It sounds like my friends waiting in the wings can't wait any longer.
Miku: Well then...
Miku: Let's get the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show started♪
(Black cut)
Miku: How is the show so far, everyone?
Rin: Whoa, that's some loud cheering! I thought you were gonna blow me away there!
Luka: Hehe. Everyone watching the stream seems excited too.
Comments: <Best show ever!> <This set list is unreal!> <Literally crying, they sang the song I wanted to hear...>
Miku: I'm glad everyone's having fun!
Miku: But now I think it's time to pause and talk for a bit.
Rin: We're gonna chat for a while while they get ready for the next song!
Luka: Speaking of which... Miku, you brought a topic for us to discuss, right?
Miku: Oh... Um...
Rin: Wait, did you forget to come up with something?
Miku: No, nothing like that. It's just that I was stuck on which topic to pick right up until the show started.
Luka: I see. But, did you decide in the end?
Miku: Yup♪
Miku: So, my name means “the first sound from the future”...
Miku: Using that as a springboard, I'd like our theme to be, “What will our shows be like ten years from now?”
Rin: Our shows ten years from now?
Luka: That's an interesting topic that's sure to have us flexing our imagination muscles.
Miku: Right?
Miku: I'll start us off. I hope that we'll be able to go down into the aisles and walk about.
Miku: That way we'll be able to interact more intimately with our audience.
Luka: That sounds like it would have a lot to offer in terms of immersion and entertainment value.
Luka: Oh, speaking of immersion, I think it would be lovely if those joining by livestream were able to get more of a sense of the atmosphere in the venue.
Rin: Yeah! Like when the vibe gets really intense, or the audience cheers so loud you get goosebumps! And our singing, of course!
Luka: I think it will be possible when VR improves. For example, they could have the stage appear as a 3D object right in front of the viewer's eyes.
Luka: That would give them fuller immersion while they listen to us sing.
Rin: I love that! Oh, and I hope we'll be able to see everyone's faces more clearly!
Miku: Everyone is already happy just for us to read out comments, but we want to be able to see their smiles with our own eyes.
Rin: Oh, Miku. It looks like we're all set for the next song!
Miku: Well then, let's put a pin in our little chat!
Miku: There's plenty left for today's show, everyone! I hope you'll keep up the energy with us until the end!
(Black cut)
