753_Hatsune Miku (WxS)_R2 Brand New Wonderland

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): The sun's shining and smiling♪ And I'm feelin' super duper good♪
Miku (WxS): *Sigh* But I'd feel even happier if Tsukasa and the others came to visit...
Miku (WxS): But they're about to start a new “term”...
Miku (WxS): Oh, and they're becoming “freelancers”!
Miku (WxS): They're gonna spread their wings and soar faaar away from Phoenix Wonderland to study in lots of other places☆
Miku (WxS): I wonder what sorts of places they'll go to put on shows? Hehehe, I'm so excited for them♪
Miku (WxS): *Gasp* Soar...
Miku (WxS): Hehehe! I just had an idea♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (WxS): Hey, listen!
Rin (WxS): Oh, it's Miku!
KAITO (WxS): What's got you so flustered?
Miku (WxS): Heh heh heh. I have an idea.
Miku (WxS): What I thought was...
Miku (WxS): Just like Tsukasa and everyone, we should all soar faaar away from SEKAI☆
MEIKO (WxS): Soar away from SEKAI?!
Miku (WxS): Yup! That way we can learn a lot more about shows☆
KAITO (WxS): That sounds very fun, Miku. But, I don't think it's possible...
Miku (WxS): Whaaat?! Even if we ride the flying train?
KAITO (WxS): I doubt it...
Miku (WxS): Aww... Really? That's sad...
MEIKO (WxS): Hey, don't give up that easily!
Miku (WxS): Huh?
Len (WxS): Do you have an idea?!
Luka (WxS): Oh, I know what it is. We can do a show in our dreams...
MEIKO (WxS): No, Luka... That's not it.
MEIKO (WxS): We can “soar” away from this stage and do a show somewhere new!
MEIKO (WxS): If we do that, I'm confident we can have a change of pace by putting on a different type of show than normal♪
KAITO (WxS): That's a good point.
KAITO (WxS): Everyone, would you be okay with trying to put on a different kind of show than normal since Miku came to us with her suggestion?
Luka, Rin & Len: Yeah! I would.
Miku (WxS): Y-You guys...!
KAITO (WxS): Well then, I suppose the first thing to do is find a venue.
MEIKO (WxS): Yes! Let's all look for a place where it would be fun to put on a show♪
Everyone: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rin (WxS): Oh, I bet it would be fun to do a show while riding the horsies on the merry-go-round♪
Luka (WxS): Oh yes, it would. It would be a very cute show.
MEIKO (WxS): What about a show where the audience is looking down from the Ferris wheel?
Len (WxS): Whoa...! That sounds super fun!
MEIKO (WxS): Hmm, but it would be hard for them to hear the cast's voices, so the actors would have to emphasize their body language and gestures♪
KAITO (WxS): What about you, Miku? Did you see anywhere promising?
Miku (WxS): Hmm... Everywhere looks so good that I just can't choose.
KAITO (WxS): Hehe, that's not the worst predicament ever.
KAITO (WxS): Well then, what if we give up on choosing and come up with a show that involves moving from spot to spot?
Miku (WxS): Moving from spot to spot?!
KAITO (WxS): Yes. The audience will move with us as the story progresses.
KAITO (WxS): What's more, the lack of a barrier between the stage and the audience will make it a very impactful show.
Miku (WxS): That's amazing! They'll be watching the show right up close!
Miku (WxS): (But, maybe Tsukasa and the others would prefer to be IN the show if they're that close...)
Miku (WxS): Oh, I've got it!
Miku (WxS): Hey, KAITO, listen to this! The thing is...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Thanks for coming, everyone♪
Emu: Yay☆ It's Miku and KAITO!
Tsukasa: Thank you for the invite! It seems you have a special show in store?
Miku (WxS): Heh heh heh. That's right!
Miku (WxS): You're not gonna believe this! It's a show where you all play a part too!
Tsukasa: We do?
Rui: You mean to say it's an interactive performance? I'd love to hear more.
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. You'll be joining Meekoo's Party of Adventurers to help hunt for the “Wish-Granting Treasure”.
KAITO (WxS): Meekoo will need all the help you can give her since the Treasure can only be found after solving some puzzles.
Emu: Hey, Miku! What's the Wish-Granting Treasure?
Miku (WxS): Hehehe. Well now...
Miku (WxS): It never ever breaks or stops being shiny!
Tsukasa: It never breaks or stops shining? Like a diamond?
Nene: But, is there anything like that in SEKAI?
KAITO (WxS): I'm sure you'll learn what the Treasure is during the course of the show. Without further ado, shall we get set up?
(Black cut)
Mayor Kayeeto (KAITO-WxS): “Take care, adventurers! May your journey be a safe one!”
Adventuress Meekoo (Miku-WxS): “We'll be sure to find the Wish-Granting Treasure!”
Adventuress Meekoo (Miku-WxS): “Here we go, everyone! Let's start by solving the prancing ponies puzzle!”
Emu, Nene, Tsukasa & Rui: Okay! Yes!
Narrator (Luka-WxS): “Thus began the arduous journey of Meekoo and her trusty companions.”
Nene: Wait, Luka? When did you get here?
Luka (WxS): Hehehe. I'm the narrator! So I'll be following you and narrating what you do.
Rui: By the way, Meekoo. A moment ago, you said that we need to solve the “prancing ponies puzzle”. What is that?
Adventuress Meekoo (Miku-WxS): “So, in order to find the Wish-Granting Treasure, we apparently need to first find the Four Hidden Treasures!”
Adventuress Meekoo (Miku-WxS): “There's the Mane of Faith, the Paintbrush of Dreams, the Drum of Courage and the Banner of Wisdom!”
Tsukasa: A mane and a paintbrush? That's quite an eclectic mix of treasures...
Emu: Yeah. What could they all be?
Adventuress Meekoo (Miku-WxS): “It'll all make sense when we solve the riddles! Let's keep going!”
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Treasure Guardian Lenne (Len-WxS): “You who have solved our riddles, behold our final task! You must find the Mane of Faith among the horses on this carousel!”
Tsukasa: The riddles before this must have been clues! Let's see... The answers were “star”, “sibling” and “piano”...
Tsukasa: That's it! Look at that small horse above that drawing of piano keys. It's the horse nuzzling up to it with a star on its forehead!
Treasure Guardian Lenne (Len-WxS): “Correct! The Mane of Faith is yours.”
(Black cut)
Treasure Guardian Rinne (Rin-WxS): “Wah...! I have never seen such a strange creature! Such imagination makes you worthy of the Brush of Dreams.”
Emu: Woohoo♪ I won something just for drawing☆
Rui: It really is an incredible picture. Especially this animal with plants growing out of it! There are hermit crabs in real life that attach anemones to themselves, so if we were to consider actual examples in nature—
Nene: Rui, we get it. Let's get moving.
(Black cut)
Narrator (Luka-WxS): “Meekoo and her party were happily collecting the Hidden Treasures, until two of the group were snatched away by a giant bird!”
Tsukasa & Nene: Huh?
Mother Hen Mayeeko (MEIKO-WxS): “My oh my, just look at those delicious snacks on legs♪ My chicks will eat well tonight, oh ho ho!”
Emu & Rui's Voices: Whaaat?!
Adventuress Meekoo (Miku-WxS): “Oh no! Emu! Rui!”
Tsukasa: Those two enjoyed getting snatched away far too much...
(Black cut)
Adventuress Meekoo (Miku-WxS): “Turn right at that corner! You're halfway to the end!”
Nene: Ngh... It's so hard to go through a maze blindfolded.
Nene: Especially with all these obstacles— Eep! Wh-Why is the ground suddenly so bumpy?!
Tsukasa: Ignore it, it's just a foot massage mat! Keep going!
(Black cut)
Mother Hen Mayeeko (MEIKO-WxS): “Now I won't need to worry about my chicks falling out of my nest! You humans really are clever♪ Please accept this token of my gratitude!”
Mother Hen Mayeeko (MEIKO-WxS): “I believe it's called...the Banner of Wisdom.”
Emu: Oh, we've been looking for that!
Rui: Indeed. Let's take this unexpected loot back to Meekoo and the others.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Adventuress Meekoo (Miku-WxS): “The Four Hidden Treasures led us to this location! Now all we have to do is find the Treasure Sage.”
Tsukasa: But, isn't this the village we started from? There's a sage here...?
Mayor Kayeeto (KAITO-WxS): “You've returned safely, I see.”
Emu: Oh, Mr. Mayor! Yes, we're back! And we brought the Hidden Treasures!
Mayor Kayeeto (KAITO-WxS): “I knew you had it in you. The time has come for me to reveal myself.”
Nene: Wait, you don't mean...
Sage Kayeeto (KAITO-WxS): “The sage who guards the secret of the treasure was I all along.”
Tsukasa: What?! You were right under our noses the whole time!
Rui: Hm? You guard “the secret of the treasure”? Not the treasure itself?
Sage Kayeeto (KAITO-WxS): “Do you remember what kind of treasure the Wish-Granting Treasure is?”
Emu: Yup! It never ever breaks or stops being shiny!
Sage Kayeeto (KAITO-WxS): “Correct. The truth is, that treasure is already in your possession.”
Tsukasa: What?! But we never found anything other than the Four Hidden Treasures...
Sage Kayeeto (KAITO-WxS): “Hehe. The real treasure is the bonds the four of you have forged amongst yourselves.”
Rui: Our bonds...
KAITO (WxS): With those strong bonds, nothing can stop you.
KAITO (WxS): And...
Miku (WxS): You have bonds with us, too☆ Hip hip hooray!
Everyone: Hip hip hooray!
Nene, Rui, Emu & Tsukasa: Hip hip hooray!
(Black cut)
KAITO (WxS): Miku, how was it putting on a different show than usual? Did you have fun?
Miku (WxS): Yup, I sure did♪ I have to thank MEIKO later for suggesting it!
Miku (WxS): Hey, did you have fun too, KAITO?
KAITO (WxS): I did. My part wasn't until the finale, so I got to secretly watch your adventure from afar.
Miku (WxS): Really?! I didn't notice!
Miku (WxS): Ooh, in that case, I want to be the secret watcher next time we do this!
KAITO (WxS): Next time, huh? I suppose it does seem a shame to end things here. Maybe we can invite the plushies for round two.
Miku (WxS): Yeah!
(Black cut)
