801_Hatsune Miku_R4 Featuring Hello Kitty

Gacha phrase: Let's get to know each other, Kitty!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[???]

Miku: Hey, Kitty! What's that big tree over there?
Hello Kitty: In Puroland, we call it the Wisdom Tree.
Hello Kitty: It's where we sing, dance and hold parades for all our friends who come to visit.
Miku: Ah, so that's why there's a stage at the bottom!
Hello Kitty: Speaking of friends, where did everybody go?
???: Come on everyone! Hurry!
Hello Kitty: Was that just...!
Rin: Wait for us, Pochacco!
Miku: Oh! Rin, Len!
Hello Kitty: Purin!
Rin: Oh, Miku! You're here too!
Len: Hehe. We've made some new friends!
Pompompurin: Your name is Miku, right? I'm Purin!
Pochacco: Nice to meet you! I'm Pochacco! We've been exploring around the Wisdom Tree with Rin and Len!
Miku: Purin, Pochacco, it's lovely to meet you both! Thank you for being so kind to Rin and Len!
Hello Kitty: We were just looking for everyone! Have you seen Melody, Kuromi and Cinnamon?
Pompompurin: Cinnamon's on that bench over there♪
Cinnamoroll: Teehee, you're great at giving scritches, Luka. I'm so cozy I might doze off right here in your lap...
Luka: Hehe, you can sleep if you want. Your ears are so soft and fluffy, they're so nice to pet.
Miku: Oh, Luka's here too! Does that mean...
Rin: MEIKO and KAITO are right over there!
My Melody: And then, I gave out the cookies I baked with Grandma to all of my friends. Except, there weren't enough left for Kuromi...
My Melody: So I said, “It's okay, you can have my cookie!” And then, Kuromi split the cookie in half and shared it with me!
MEIKO: My, what a lovely friendship you two have!
KUROMI: That darn My Mel! She's always so selfish.
KUROMI: First she offers me her cookie...
KUROMI: ...but then when I try to take a bite she just keeps sighing over and over, like she wanted to eat it so badly! How could I possibly eat it when she's acting like that?
KAITO: Hehe, so that's why you gave her half.
KUROMI: What else could I do?! And on top of that, I couldn't break it evenly, so My Mel ended up with a bigger piece than me!
KAITO: I see. You're very good to your friends, aren't you, Kuromi?
KUROMI: F-Friends?! Far from it! She's my ultimate rival! I can't stand losing to her...
KAITO: Really? You would do something kind like that for your rival?
KAITO: That's really sweet of you, Kuromi.
KUROMI: Oh...
KUROMI: K-KAITO...!
KUROMI: You're a good judge of character, huh?! Hehehe...
Hello Kitty: Everyone's become such good friends!
Miku: Yes. I want to make friends with everyone just like Rin and the others have.
Hello Kitty: Don't worry, Miku♪ I'm sure you can make friends with them right away!
Hello Kitty: Hey everybody! There's someone I'd like you to meet!
(Black cut)
Cinnamoroll: So your name is Miku? Teehee, let's be friends!
My Melody: My name is My Melody♪ Lovely to meet you!
KUROMI: The name's Kuromi!
KUROMI: If there's anything you need to know about this place, just gimme a shout!
My Melody: But Kuromi, when we were trying to figure out what this place is, you said, “I don't know. Let's stop talking about it.”
KUROMI: Hm? I don't remember that.
Miku: Did you all explain that this is a SEKAI formed from a fragment of a feeling?
Rin: We did! But we weren't sure what kind of feelings it actually came from.
Len: That's why we've been exploring with Pochacco and everyone to see what kind of SEKAI this is.
Luka: We've all only just arrived here as well, so we've been chatting to try and get to know each other.
MEIKO: So we're still not sure what feelings could have created this SEKAI.
KAITO: Although, this place is nearly identical to Puroland, so I think there must be some connection there.
Miku: Perhaps this SEKAI was born from the fun and enjoyment all the people who visited Puroland experienced.
Pompompurin: Whaaat?! Really?!
Miku: And maybe it also looks like Sanrio Puroland because of the people who wished they could come back to visit again.
KUROMI: So this place was made from people's feelings... But why all of a sudden?
MEIKO: Hmmm. Maybe because some exciting event took place in the real world?
Len: But that would mean... Once the event is over, this SEKAI will return to a fragment?!
My Melody: What will happen when it returns to a fragment?
Rin: It means we won't be able to play or hang out here anymore, and you and everyone else will be sent back to Puro Village.
Pochacco: What?! I thought we were gonna get to explore!
Pompompurin: I wanna keep adventuring!
KAITO: Don't worry. I don't think this place will be disappearing any time soon.
KUROMI: But it will someday, right?! And then we'll have to say goodbye to you and everyone?!
Hello Kitty: It is sad...
Hello Kitty: But I think getting to meet Miku and all of you...
Hello Kitty: ...and learning how this SEKAI came to be is truly incredible.
Hello Kitty: Because it means so many people created wonderful memories at Puroland, that an adorable SEKAI like this could be born!
Hello Kitty: And knowing that makes me feel so happy!
Pochacco: So, we were able to meet Len and everyone thanks to all the people who came to visit Puroland?!
Len: That's right!
Luka: Instead of worrying about when the fun will end, let's think of how to enjoy our time together now.
MEIKO: Yeah! And since this SEKAI is built from fragments of feelings, it's possible more people might be drawn here by their emotions.
Pompompurin: That means we can make even more friends! Yaaay!
KUROMI: Sure, that's what you think. But I kinda like where your head's at.
Cinnamoroll: Yeah yeah♪ We should have fun!
Miku: Hey, Kitty!
Miku: Now that we're all together, do you think you could teach us one of your songs?
Hello Kitty: Of course! Let's practice on that stage over there♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[???]

Miku: This SEKAI is much larger than I expected. I discover something new here every day. It's so much fun♪
Hello Kitty: Yes, it is! Everyone's found their own favorite spots too, and it seems like they're having a great time!
Rin: Miku! Kitty! Would you like to ride the boat with us?
Miku & Hello Kitty: Boat?
Pompompurin: Yeah! It's a ride here that looks just like the Sanrio Character Boat Ride from Puroland!
Miku: That sounds like fun. I'd love to ride with you!
Hello Kitty: Hehe, yes! Let's all ride together♪
KAITO: Hello, Pochacco. Where are you off to?
Pochacco: That bridge over there! Miku and the others are gonna go on the boat ride, so I'm gonna go over there and wave to them!
KAITO: That sounds like fun! What do you two think, shall we join him?
KUROMI: Oh KAITO, I could never say no to you!
My Melody: Hmmm, I think I would rather go on the boat ride...
My Melody: Kuromi...?
KUROMI: Nope! I'm goin' with KAITO and that's that.
Luka: In that case, care to ride with us, My Mel?
My Melody: Really? Hehe, thank you♪
MEIKO: By the way, does the boat only circle the area around the Wisdom Tree?
Cinnamoroll: Teehee. I think it'll surprise you♪
MEIKO: Surprise me?
Luka: I wonder what that could mean. I'm excit—
Miku, Rin & Hello Kitty's Voices: Eep!
Len & Pompompurin's Voices: Woohoo! Ahaha!
My Melody: I-I changed my mind. I want to go to the bridge with Kuromi instead...
Cinnamoroll: Huuuh? It'll be okay♪ We'll all be together!
Luka: We can ride holding hands, if you like. Then you won't have to be afraid.
My Melody: R-Really? Do you promise you won't let go until we get off?
Luka: Of course, we promise.
(Black cut)
Pochacco: Welcome back! How was the boat ride?
Len: It was really cool seeing all the different sights with everyone! And I loved the part where it slid down that slope like “whoosh”!
Hello Kitty: Yeah! But the drop was scarier than the one in Puroland. It really surprised me.
My Melody: I thought I was going to go flying...
Cinnamoroll: It was great! My ears went swish, flop, flop in the breeze♪
Miku: By the way, there was a white house I saw from the boat. What is that?
KUROMI: It's Puroland's number-one hot spot! Right, Kitty?
Hello Kitty: Hehe. That's my home, Lady Kitty House. It has a rose garden and a dress tower. It's totally cute and chic!
Miku: A rose garden and a dress tower? That sounds so stylish!
KUROMI: Riiight? And it— *Gasp* Nooo!
Pochacco: Wah! That scared me!
Cinnamoroll: What's wrong, Kuromi? Did you forget something on the boat?
KUROMI: I didn't go on the boat! It's not that!
KUROMI: *Sigh* Lady Kitty House is filled with a bunch of super cute stuff and I completely forgot to tell Ena and the others about it!
Miku: Huh? Ena?
KUROMI: I was hangin' in my favorite spot when I ran into her and her friends. They just appeared all of a sudden.
Pompompurin: Oh! When I was exploring, I ran into a girl named Saki and her friends, and we became best buds!
Pochacco: Me too! Me too! I made friends with a boy called Toya and his team, and showed them my secret flower field!
Len: Huh?! Could they be the ones who formed this SEKAI?!
Luka: It seems so. Did you meet someone too, Cinnamon?
Cinnamoroll: Oh, I met Emu and her friends! We hung out together all day♪
My Melody: Airi and her friends helped me bake cookies!
My Melody: We made enough to share with everyone, so there's plenty left. Do you want some?
Cinnamoroll: Hurray♪
Rin: So you all met them in this SEKAI!
Pompompurin: Wait, do you guys know them too?
Miku: Yes. We watch over them so they can find their true feelings and work hard to follow their dreams.
Hello Kitty: Watch over them...
Pochacco: Oh! Toya said he and his team are working hard to surpass this legendary night!
Cinnamoroll: Emu said she and her troupe want to make tons of people smile with their shows♪
Len: At first, we didn't know how things would turn out for them. Everyone had forgotten their true feelings, or buried them deep down.
KAITO: It was very difficult at the time, but I'm so glad they rediscovered their feelings.
MEIKO: Yes! And those feelings gave birth to songs.
Hello Kitty: Wooow! I wonder what kind of songs. They must be wonderful!
Rin: Hm? You don't seem very surprised to hear that feelings can give birth to songs.
Hello Kitty: That's right. I can kind of understand that.
Hello Kitty: After all, I sing songs to tell everyone “You can do it!” and “It will be okay!”
Pompompurin: Teehee. Songs help you say things that are hard to put to words♪
Miku: They're precious because they let people express their emotions.
Luka: Yes, they are.
Miku: Hey, Kitty! I'd love to go see Lady Kitty House if that's okay?
Hello Kitty: Yes, of course! I was just thinking the same thing.
Hello Kitty: I wonder if it will be different than the one in Puroland.
Pochacco: I'll come with! I haven't explored over there yet.
Pompompurin: Me too♪
KUROMI: Oh yeah! In Puroland, that area's where we keep the eco-friendly My Melocars I came up with! I wonder if they're here too.
Len: Eco-friendly My Melocar? I want to ride that!
Rin: What?! I want to ride too, but I also want to see the fancy house!
Pompompurin: Then let's do both!
Cinnamoroll: Yup yup♪ The more fun the better!
Hello Kitty: Hehe, let's have another day filled with fun everyone♪
Miku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
