875_Hatsune Miku (MMJ)_R4 Marks With A Message (event_122)

Gacha phrase: A lot of feelings are packed into this place.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Main Street]

Len (MMJ): <That's awesome. You really get to be on TV again?>
Luka (MMJ): <But you all should hurry. I'm sure the producer's eagerly awaiting your arrival.>
KAITO (MMJ): <Then, we should head back to SEKAI. Tell us how things go later, okay?>
Minori: Okay! We'll talk again soon!
Rin (MMJ): <Bye bye!>
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): We're back♪
Luka (MMJ): Welcome back, Miku♪ Oh, would you mind welcoming me back as well?
Rin (MMJ): Oh, me too!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Sure. Luka, Rin, welcome back!
Rin & Luka: We're back♪
MEIKO (MMJ): That was a lot of fun. We got to see four houses today!
KAITO (MMJ): We were hoping to talk more about the houses with Minori and the others...
Miku (MMJ): But that'll have to wait since they received a work offer.
Rin (MMJ): But that producer must really like them if they were personally asked to fill in!
Len (MMJ): I hope things go well for them.
Luka (MMJ): They'll be fine♪ Right, Miku?
Miku (MMJ): I agree! I'm sure they'll come visit right after their meeting's finished, so let's just keep believing in them for now.
Rin (MMJ): Still, that might not be for a while... Wanna do something until then?
MEIKO (MMJ): We already practiced singing and dancing before we went to meet them.
MEIKO (MMJ): Or we could have another practice right now♪
Rin (MMJ): Eep! A-Another practice?!
MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. Just kidding♪ I know we're all very tired...
Rin (MMJ): Th-Thank goodness. You had me going there for a second...
Luka (MMJ): You're so mean. I thought you were actually being serious.
Miku (MMJ): (Another practice...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Minori: The floor's all scratched up... Does that mean...
Miku (MMJ): <The previous tenants also practiced here?>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (MMJ): Um, everyone...? Can I have you all come with me for a second?
MEIKO (MMJ): Huh?
(Black cut)
Len (MMJ): So, what are we doing on this stage...?
KAITO (MMJ): Are you planning on practicing more?
Rin (MMJ): What?! Miku, didn't you hear just now?! MEIKO was joking!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. I know.
Miku (MMJ): I wanted to talk about a room from the fourth house we went to today. The floor was all scratched up like someone had been practicing there.
Len (MMJ): Like someone had been practicing there?
Miku (MMJ): Yes, and some scratches looked newer than the others. Aside from scratches, there were also some dents and bumps.
Miku (MMJ): But all those things made the room seem like it was filled with hope for some reason.
Luka (MMJ): In other words, the previous tenants practiced enough to leave their mark on that house.
Miku (MMJ): And the stages in SEKAI are no different. They're all scratched up from us doing so many shows.
Miku (MMJ): For example, there was that time we crashed into each other on this one.
Rin (MMJ): Wow! I remember that! Talk about a blast from the past!
KAITO (MMJ): Wait, what happened exactly?
Luka (MMJ): Miku and Rin had trouble mastering the formation for this one dance. They ended up having a bit of a nasty crash during practice.
Miku (MMJ): Which caused me to drop my mic... Oh, I think this is the spot.
Rin (MMJ): Yeah, here! We panicked so much...
Rin (MMJ): We both apologized to each other, asked if we were okay, checked to see if the mic was and what happened to the floor!
Len (MMJ): This is news to me...
Miku (MMJ): I think this part got scraped during another one of our dance practices.
KAITO (MMJ): Yes, the lights make it hard to see, but there are just so many little scratches.
MEIKO (MMJ): Wow... I never would've noticed.
Miku (MMJ): This SEKAI was born out of Minori and the others' feelings, but it's nice to see how we've been able to leave our mark on this place...
Miku (MMJ): (And I hope we get to keep doing that as we cheer them on in the future.)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Minori: Thanks for letting us borrow the stage today, Miku!
Miku (MMJ): You're welcome♪ Come back any time you like, okay?
Haruka: We really can't thank you enough, Miku. But I'm not sure when we'll be able to visit next...
Airi: Between work and packing, we might not be coming back for a bit.
Miku (MMJ): Packing?
Shizuku: Yes, since we have a move-in date for that house now. We're in the middle of packing everything we'll be taking over.
Miku (MMJ): Right! The MORE MORE HOUSE is finally becoming a reality!
Minori: Yup! We even found some really cute furniture! We can't wait to show you guys!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. I can't wait to see either♪
Miku (MMJ): Oh, I know! Would it be okay for me to watch you pack?
Haruka: Sure, but... You're really that interested?
Miku (MMJ): Yes, because I'd like to see what you're going to take over to the MORE MORE HOUSE.
Airi: Then, tomorrow afternoon should work. We've set aside some time then to get everything packed.
Airi: How about this? If you see anybody slacking off, Miku, you can give them a stern warning.
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. Okay♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

Miku (MMJ): <We're here, Minori♪>
Minori: Hi, Miku! Oh, you brought Luka and KAITO along!
Luka (MMJ): <Hello. We decided to tag along♪>
KAITO (MMJ): <So, how much have you gotten packed?>
Minori: Haha. About that... Actually deciding what to take over is turning out to be harder than I thought...
KAITO (MMJ): <Hmm... What if you started by writing down all the things that each room in the MORE MORE HOUSE is going to need?>
KAITO (MMJ): <For example, you talked about having plushies in the room where you'll be streaming.>
Minori: Oh, that's right! Gimme one second to get my notebook out!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku & Luka: <Hello♪>
Haruka: Welcome... Oh, Luka, you're here too.
Luka (MMJ): <Yes. Actually, KAITO was with us as well, but he decided to help Minori pack.>
Haruka: Hehe. I see.
Miku (MMJ): <Um, Haruka? Can I ask what you were thinking about just now? Is something bothering you?>
Haruka: You saw...? The thing is...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Airi: Wait, Haruka's wondering if she should take the penguin we got for her or a different one?
Miku (MMJ): <Yes, because the one you all got for her means so much. It's big and looks very nice, but it's also a private gift. She's a bit torn there.>
Airi: Don't tell me this is keeping her from getting anything else packed. No, that wouldn't be like her...
Luka (MMJ): <No worries there. She said she'd get the other essentials packed first since she can always put the plushies in at the end.>
Airi: Which is expected. Thank goodness for her decision-making skills.
Airi: Anyway, this box is all packed...! I'll give Haruka a call before I start working on my next one.
Miku (MMJ): <Oh wow...>
Miku (MMJ): (She kept up a great pace while talking to us.)
Luka (MMJ): (Way to go, Airi!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (MMJ): <Hello?>
Miku & Luka: <Uh oh!>
(Background change)
Miku (MMJ): <Phew... That was close.>
Luka (MMJ): <Yes, but your reflexes saved the day♪>
(Background change)
Shiho: Alright, which box should I take next?
Shizuku: Oh, I can't tape this one up yet, so would you mind taking this one?
Shiho: Okay... Wait, Shizuku, this box doesn't say what's inside or where it's supposed to go.
Shizuku: Oh, you're right. I'm fairly certain it's full of things for our streaming room...
Shiho: I already moved another box like that to the front door. Does that mean there are two?
Shizuku: Huh...?
Shiho: *Sigh* Aren't you glad I asked before you taped it shut...?
(Background change)
Miku (MMJ): <It's so interesting how everybody packs in different ways.>
Luka (MMJ): <Yes, I'm having fun just watching.>
Luka (MMJ): <Oh, Rin and the others should be done practicing soon. Why don't we go invite them to do the rounds with us, starting from Minori again?>
Miku (MMJ): <We can go back for KAITO too♪>
Luka (MMJ): <Then, let's head back to SEKAI temporarily. Shall we?>
Miku (MMJ): <Okay♪>
(Black cut)
