1148_Hatsune Miku (Ln)_R4 Wrapped Up In Your Emotions (event_162)

Gacha phrase: This is what their performances are about.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): They're having another serious talk today...
Luka (Ln): Yes, they've been having brainstorming sessions each day before they start practicing.
MEIKO (Ln): They're so motivated. Now I'm really looking forward to seeing their performance.
Rin (Ln): Hey, isn't there anything we can do to help them? What if we brought them snacks and stuff like that other time?
Miku (Ln): Hmm... Unfortunately, we've already gone through everything we had.
Rin (Ln): Oh, I know! What if we played them some songs of encouragement while they're on break?!
Luka (Ln): That's a wonderful idea. I'm sure they'll enjoy listening to some relaxing music when they're feeling tired.
MEIKO (Ln): Speaking of relaxing, brewing some of that herbal tea they brought over the other day should also work, no?
MEIKO (Ln): You work like you mean it and rest like you mean it. Switching gears properly should help them concentrate better.
Luka (Ln): Right. Let's see if we have anything else aside from the tea too.
Rin (Ln): Alright! In the meantime, I'm gonna come up with some good songs to play!
Miku (Ln): (They're all trying to come up with good ideas for Ichika and the girls...)
Miku (Ln): (Is there anything I can do for them right now...?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Miku (Ln): Oh...
MEIKO (Ln): Hm? Was that a light bulb, Miku?
Miku (Ln): Well, I don't know if this counts...
Miku (Ln): But when we told them that we're excited for their show, they looked really motivated.
Rin (Ln): Yeah! They all had this shine in their eyes☆
Luka (Ln): It is easier to work hard when you know that others are looking forward to seeing you succeed.
MEIKO (Ln): Right. It's important to sit back and believe in them, but we can give them words of encouragement too.
Rin (Ln): Then, let's also do that! For example, we could...
(Black cut)

[A few days later]

Shiho: Are we all ready now?
Ichika: Wait, I need a little more time. I'm still not fully tuned.
Saki: Okay!
Saki: In that case, I'm gonna have some of that tea MEIKO brought over for us.
Saki: It's got a nice cool flavor to it. Feels like it helps me focus!
Honami: That would be the peppermint tea, I think. I have to think she put quite a lot of thought into her choice.
Shiho: Now that you mention it, they've all been supporting us in a lot of different ways. They've even been playing smooth jazz and stuff for us during our breaks...
Shiho: We need to make sure we pay back their generosity.
Ichika: Sorry, thanks for waiting! Let's get started...
(Background change)
Ichika's Voice (Ichika): ♪————!
Rin (Ln): Oh, Ichi and the others are all here!
Miku (Ln): Yes, and they're hard at work again today.
Rin (Ln): Wait, Miku-P, isn't now our chance?
Miku (Ln): Huh?
Rin (Ln): Remember what we talked about the other day?! We're gonna support them from afar, right?!
Rin (Ln): Now's definitely our chance! Here, stand next to the door!
Miku (Ln): A-Alright, don't push.
(Background change)
(Background change)
Miku (Ln): (I couldn't really say no... But we're really going to do that now?)
Miku (Ln): (I don't really have a choice, huh...)
Miku (Ln): (Then...!)
Miku (Ln): (A gentle smile that conveys my faith in them, while also sending vibes of encouragement and expectation...!)
Rin (Ln): (Wow, Miku-P, that's perfect! Keep going! Just like that!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: How do you feel about that last run...? Wait, huh?
Ichika: Miku's looking our way...
Honami: Oh, you're right. What do you think she's doing?
Shiho: Does she want to talk to us? No, maybe not.
Saki: What if she's trying to say, “Hey, you girls better be working in there”, like a teacher checking up on their club!
Shiho: I seriously doubt that.
Ichika: But seeing her watching us does make me want to keep trying my best for some reason...
Saki: Me too! So, let's show her that we're working really hard!
Shiho: Alright, let's go over what we just did. For the first part leading up to the chorus...
(Background change)
Miku (Ln): (Umm... I don't know what they're saying, but they do seem a little more motivated now...)
Rin (Ln): (Way to go, Miku-P☆)
(Background change)
(Background change)
Miku (Ln): (They're working hard on their music like we expected.)
Miku (Ln): Hehe. I can't wait to see your performance, girls.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage Wing]

Saki: Free Cluster should be going on soon! I can't wait to see them play! They're gonna be so amazing!
Ichika: Yeah, and to think that we get to see them from this close...
Shiho: We need to commit everything Ms. Naruse and her band do to memory.
Honami: Can you all see everything okay?
Miku (Ln): <Yes, we can see just fine.>
Rin (Ln): <Thanks for letting us watch with you!>
Ichika: No need for thanks. We want to show you all, too.
KAITO (Ln): <Oh, I think they're starting.>
Miku (Ln): (Free Cluster is about to perform. This is the band Ichika and the others have been chasing after so desperately...)
Miku (Ln): (I can't wait to see them play.)
Naruse: Let's go!
Naruse: ♪————!
Miku (Ln): <...!>
Ichika: Wow... So this is what Free Cluster sounds like live...
Honami: Video recordings don't do them justice at all. I mean, they electrified the air just by taking the stage...
Saki: They even changed how this song is structured from the beginning to the first chorus! I really like this arrangement.
Shiho: Me too. And they immediately got the crowd's attention like we expected...
Miku (Ln): <Everybody in the arena is going wild... And this is just the first song.>
Luka (Ln): <Yes, and it's a very good one. I can feel it resonating in my heart already...>
KAITO (Ln): <But it's not just her impeccable singing. The bassist and drummer are also doing an excellent job of fanning the flame they've created.>
MEIKO (Ln): <They're able to spice things up without ruining the entire dish. This would excite any music lover worth their salt.>
Miku (Ln): (In order to put on this kind of performance, you need both true passion for music, and the technical skill to back it up...)
Miku (Ln): (In addition...)
Naruse: You all came here today to release a lot of different feelings, right?
Naruse: Happiness, pain, sadness... We're ready to take whatever you're carrying, so don't hold back!
Miku (Ln): (Her words have a way of moving your heart.)
Miku (Ln): (Ichika and the others were right. They know how to guide their audience's emotions, and that's the result of a lot of work and planning.)
Miku (Ln): (Hehe. I can see why Ichika and the others chose to chase after them. I mean, what an unbelievable performance...)
Ichika: Wow... They transitioned so seamlessly into their next song...!
Saki: Yeah...! I couldn't even tell that they'd started playing a new song!
Shiho: They used the guitar solo in the outro to maintain your attention, while gradually raising the key to start the next song.
Honami: The drummer also started playing the intro with two beats left to go. They didn't just shrink the pause between the two songs, they actually overlapped them.
Saki: Hey, do you think we could do that with a couple of our songs?
Miku (Ln): (I know how she feels... She's also being influenced by this performance.)
Miku (Ln): (Ichika and the girls are also trying to propel themselves forward.)
Miku (Ln): <And I need to do the same.>
Ichika: Hm? Did you say something just now, Miku?
Miku (Ln): <Oh, I was just saying... This is an incredible show.>
Ichika: It is. I can't take my eyes off of them.
Miku (Ln): (They're going to keep growing and growing.)
Miku (Ln): (They're going to write new songs, become better performers, play on bigger stages and share their music with the world.)
Miku (Ln): (If I'm going to keep on being a senior they can look up to and rely upon...)
Miku (Ln): (I also have to keep doing what I can.)
(Black cut)
