1232_Hatsune Miku (WxS)_R3 So Hoppy To See You! (event_178)

Skill name: Hoppity Hop Hop!
Gacha phrase: Hoppy evening, Tsukasa!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Hatsune Miku)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Humhumhummm♪ What should I do today☆
Miku (WxS): Maybe practice a new dance with the plushies? Oh, oh, or I could sing songs with the flowers!
Miku (WxS): Hmmm... Huh? Who's that over there?
Miku (WxS): Heeey, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Oh, hello there, Miku.
Miku (WxS): What are you doing here?
Tsukasa: At the moment, I'm waiting to meet up with Emu and Nene.
Tsukasa: We're planning to practice our final assignment for the workshop.
Miku (WxS): Final assignment?
Tsukasa: To sum it up, it's something of an overall review of everything we covered in the workshop.
Tsukasa: The assignment is to perform a song from the musical “Finding the Rainbow”...
Tsukasa: But both the song itself and the choreography are very advanced! And the characters' emotions in the scene are complex, which requires us to take care with our acting too.
Miku (WxS): Wow, so it's super hard!
Tsukasa: Yes... We've tried it many times now, but we're still struggling.
Tsukasa: However! Today is the day we succeed! I've watched the cast recording so many times I've burned it into my screen, all to capture it perfectly in my mind!
Miku (WxS): You're all super powered up and motivated, huh♪
Miku (WxS): Hey, I wanna see the video too! I'm curious what the song's like.
Tsukasa: Hahaha, of course! Here, this is it.
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): Wow! The dance moves are all super sharp and swishy! So cool! And there are so many feelings swirling around in the song too! How wonderful!
Tsukasa: It is known as a masterpiece among musical numbers, after all.
Miku (WxS): Ooh, wow! Still, the singing and the dancing and the acting really do look hard.
Tsukasa: They are. We're struggling with the choreography right now.
Tsukasa: The steps are so precise that even though we understand how it goes, our bodies just can't keep up.
Miku (WxS): Hmm, it started out like this, right?
Miku (WxS): Tappy tappy step step♪
Tsukasa: Oho, well done, Miku. You've learned it already?
Tsukasa: But this is where it gets difficult, and suddenly. The tempo changes rapidly, and—
Miku (WxS): Tappy tappy tappy♪ Tappy step step tap♪
Tsukasa: What?!
Miku (WxS): Something like that?
Tsukasa: Wait, wait, wait! How did you do that?!
Tsukasa: That was the part I've been struggling with, and you made it look so easy!
Miku (WxS): Huh? Really?
Tsukasa: Hnng...! As a future star, I cannot allow myself to be outshone!
Tsukasa: You just watch! I'll catch up in no time!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Gwah!!! I tripped at the same place as always!
Miku (WxS): Oh, but you were so close that time!
Miku (WxS): You stick your right foot out like whoop, and then with your left foot, you go bip-bip-bop.
Miku (WxS): And then, you move your arms like fwoosh fwoosh fwoosh fwoosh flappy flappy. Give it a try!
Tsukasa: I don't know what you're saying!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Whoop! And then, bip-bip-bop!
Tsukasa: It's not polished enough yet, but how was that for a start?!
Miku (WxS): Wow, that was great! You got the timing down just right!
Miku (WxS): Okay, I'll dance with you!
Tsukasa: Of course! Please do!
Miku (WxS): Here we go! Tappy tappy tappy♪ Tappy step step tap♪
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Huff, huff... How was that, Miku?
Miku (WxS): You did it! You really nailed it!
Tsukasa: Haha, I see...
Tsukasa: Yesss! I have mastered those steps!!!
Miku (WxS): Hooray! Congrats, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Thank you, Miku!
Tsukasa: It really does fire me up to have someone so capable to practice with.
Tsukasa: With your help, I've conquered one of the pain points in the choreography.
Miku (WxS): Huh? One of them? So that's not the only hard part?
Tsukasa: That is what's so vexing about this song.
Tsukasa: The section after this one is even more difficult and even more confusing!
Miku (WxS): Oh, okay! Then I wanna try that one too!
Tsukasa: I thought you might say that. Let's see which of us can conquer it first!
Miku (WxS): Hehehe. I won't lose☆
Nene: Huh? They've started practicing already...?
Emu: Heeey! Tsukasa, Miku! Let us join in too!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

[Harbor]

Miku (WxS): Humhuuum♪
KAITO (WxS): Someone's in a good mood.
Miku (WxS): Yeah! The show the plushies put on yesterday was so much fun!
Len (WxS): Yeah, it was super good! Hey, look! There are the plushies right now.
Miku (WxS): Oh, yeah! Hi, plushies♪ Your show yesterday was sooo much fun☆
Plushie A: Yay! Thanks!
Rin (WxS): I really liked the part where everyone did a line dance!
Len (WxS): My favorite part was the chorus. Your song was really cute!
Luka (WxS): The audience was all smiles, too. It was lovely to see.
Plushie A: Yeah. I'm so glad we did it!
Plushie B: It's because you all helped us out.
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. We're glad to have been of assistance.
Miku (WxS): But remember, we're not the ones who made it a big success!
Miku (WxS): That was all of you, and the lots and lots of practice you put in☆
MEIKO (WxS): Yes, it was so much fun! I can't wait to see the next one!
Plushie B: Oh...
Plushie A: About that... There's something we want to talk about.
Rin (WxS): Ooh, what?
Len (WxS): If we can help, we'd be happy to!
Plushie B: Um, so, everyone says the show was lots of fun, and they want us to do another one.
Plushie A: They keep asking when the next one will be, and they seem really excited.
Miku (WxS): Wow, that's amazing!
Miku (WxS): That shows how much you made everyone's hearts sparkle and jump♪
Plushie B: So, we'd like your help again. Because we can't think of any good ideas...
KAITO (WxS): Of course. We're always happy to help making fun shows with everyone.
Plushie A: Wow, thanks!
Luka (WxS): So, I wonder what would be good for your next show...
KAITO (WxS): Yesterday's show took full advantage of the plushies' cuteness.
KAITO (WxS): Something in the same vein would work... But it might be fun to try something completely different, too.
Miku (WxS): Ooh, like what?
KAITO (WxS): What about a horror show?
KAITO (WxS): An exciting, spooky show starring a group of monsters who love to scare people.
MEIKO (WxS): Ooh, that's fun! I bet it would really spook the audience to have ghosts and monsters appear in the stands!
Rin (WxS): L-Let's not make it too scary, or we'll probably make some of the plushies cry.
Luka (WxS): If we want to do something different, a mystery might be fun.
Miku (WxS): A mystery?
Luka (WxS): That's right. Like a group of plushies solving an incident at the harbor.
Luka (WxS): Letting the audience join in on solving the mystery would be fun and exciting, wouldn't it?
Miku (WxS): Wow, that does sound fun! I hope I can figure it out!
Len (WxS): Or there's also... Ah! How about a cool show?
Len (WxS): A battle between plushies with lots of stage combat would be awesome!
Miku (WxS): And it'd really shock everyone to see our cute plushies zipping all over everywhere☆
MEIKO (WxS): If we want coolness, a story starring heroes of justice would be wonderful!
MEIKO (WxS): Imagine the plushies transforming, combining and beating up bad guys!
KAITO (WxS): C-Combining...? I can't really imagine what that would entail, but it sure sounds impressive.
Miku (WxS): Let's see, other cool stuff...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: But... At the same time, I can see clearly how much faster he is than me, and how much further down the path he is.
Miku (WxS): Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: But... But, well. There's nothing for it but to do it.
Tsukasa: I have to push forward and blaze a path for myself.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Miku (WxS): Oh...
Miku (WxS): Hey, how about this kind of cool?
Miku (WxS): The main character has a big dream, but he runs into lots and lots of troubles.
Miku (WxS): But even when things are sad or painful, he pushes through step by step... And in the end, he makes it!
Rin (WxS): Ooh, that is cool too!
Luka (WxS): Hehe. That kind of steady, hard work is the coolest of all.
Plushie A: Steady... Ah! I just had a great idea!
Plushie A: A carp plushie works super hard to swim up a river, and eventually they become a dragon! How about that?
Len (WxS): A carp turns into a dragon?! That's super cool! I like that!
KAITO (WxS): Steady, hard work... I feel as though we know someone who fits that bill.
MEIKO (WxS): Hehe. A certain someone working hard for his contest, even.
Miku (WxS): Hehehe. Thinking about Tsukasa made me want to see a show like that!
Luka (WxS): I'm sure the plushies' show will be wonderful.
Rin (WxS): Oh, but I bet Tsukasa will be surprised to see a show that's based on him♪
Len (WxS): Then let's work on it in secret, and surprise him!
Miku (WxS): Okay! Let's all work hard with the plushies!
(Black cut)
