1234_Hatsune Miku_RB Happy Anniversary! 2026

Skill name: 100% Miku Anniversary Concert?!
Gacha phrase: If we're together, we can go anywhere.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[A few weeks before Miku's anniversary]

[MORE MORE HOUSE]

Minori: Are you there, Miku?
Miku (MMJ): <Yes, I've been waiting for your signal♪>
Shizuku: Thank you for taking the time to meet with us like this.
Miku (MMJ): <No, it's my pleasure. You said you needed me for something?>
Airi: Your anniversary is coming up, right? We were talking about how we're going to celebrate.
Airi: We're calling it “The 100% Miku Anniversary Party That We Build Together With Miku”!
Miku (MMJ): <100% Miku? That we build together?>
Airi: Yeah, that's not super helpful, is it?
Haruka: The reason for this concept is the concert that Miku and the others in our world are doing for your anniversary.
Shizuku: Which is titled “The 100% Miku Anniversary Concert That We Build Together”.
Minori: Yeah! It's apparently gonna include lots of fun activities that involve the crowd and stream viewers! I mean, the title alone makes it sound really fun!
Airi: That's why we wanna throw you a 100% Miku anniversary party in our own style.
Miku (MMJ): <Now I see! But what do you mean by a 100% Miku anniversary party in your own style?>
Minori: Believe it or not, Miku, you're gonna be the one making all the decisions! Everything from the cake to the party decorations!
Minori: We're gonna fill the place with everything you love! That's the 100% Miku party that we wanna throw!
Miku (MMJ): <Everything that I love...! That sounds incredible! And really fun!>
Minori: We even came up with a cool catchphrase! A party by Miku, with Miku and uhh... How'd the rest go?
Airi: A party of Miku, by Miku, for Miku, remember?
Minori: Yeah, that!
Shizuku: However, in order to make this happen, we're going to need your help setting everything up, Miku. Would that be alright?
Miku (MMJ): <Yes, it sounds interesting, so I'd love to help!>
Haruka: Then, that settles that. Let's start planning everything out, shall we?
Miku, Minori, Airi & Shizuku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Shizuku: This cake shop is our second candidate, Miku.
Miku (MMJ): <Wow...! This shop's cakes look so delicious too!>
Minori: Let's see... Their best one is apparently a shortcake loaded with strawberries! See, they even have pictures of it on their poster.
Miku (MMJ): <This looks amazing! Look at how many strawberries they managed to cram onto the top!>
Shizuku: Yes. It says the cream is made with strawberries too.
Miku (MMJ): <Even the cream?! That explains why it looks somewhat pink. I love how cute it is.>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Airi: Can you see the drinks on the shelf, Miku?
Miku (MMJ): <Yes, I can see them! Some soft drinks would certainly be nice. Like barley tea and orange juice!>
Haruka: Barley tea and orange juice. Got it. We can just buy those the day before.
Airi: What are we going to drink after we eat? They have tea and coffee over there.
Miku (MMJ): <In that case, tea. Oh, if possible, I'll probably want some lemon tea.>
Airi: Of course. We'll get some ready for you!
Haruka: Then, next, snacks. Go ahead and pick out everything that catches your eye, Miku.
Miku (MMJ): <Okay♪>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len (MMJ): There we are...
Miku (MMJ): Huh? Len? KAITO? That table...
KAITO (MMJ): We just happened to run into Minori and the others carrying everything. We decided to help set things up, since it's your anniversary party and all.
Len (MMJ): The others are bringing over the chairs and stuff. See?
Rin (MMJ): We're here to help, Miku!
Miku (MMJ): All of you...!
Miku (MMJ): Thank you so much! Let's make this venue look really spectacular!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miku's anniversary]

Rin (MMJ): We're all finished setting the tables, Miku!
Minori: And here's the cake! I'll place it right here in the middle.
Luka (MMJ): I've finished putting up the balloons and flowers.
Airi: All the tables have drinks and snacks now!
Haruka: Can you do a final check for us, Miku?
Miku (MMJ): Okay!
Miku (MMJ): Wow...! This place is really filled with all the things that I picked out!
Miku (MMJ): Including the tables, tablecloths, flowers and balloons...!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. I even got to decide how they were going to be used as decorations.
MEIKO (MMJ): What do you think? Is this what you imagined?
Miku (MMJ): Yes, it's exactly what I imagined! Thank you, MEIKO, Luka, KAITO!
Len (MMJ): You also chose this cake with all the strawberries on it, right?
Rin (MMJ): The chocolate flowers on top make it look so cute.
Shizuku: Miku was actually the one who suggested that we add them.
Minori: She said it'd be great to have some since we're holding the party here in the flower field.
KAITO (MMJ): Come to think of it, the tablecloths are also made of flower-patterned lace.
Luka (MMJ): The small plates for cake slices even have little flowers on them.
Miku (MMJ): Yes, my goal was to make everything colorful with lots of flowers♪
Miku (MMJ): So, thank you all very much for helping!
Miku (MMJ): All I'm seeing are things that are near and dear to my heart.
Miku (MMJ): Which really makes it 100% Miku!
Minori: Th-That means...!
Haruka: “The 100% Miku Anniversary Party That We Build Together With Miku” is ready to go.
Rin (MMJ): Woohoo! All that's left is to celebrate and enjoy the party, right♪
Airi: Do you all have your poppers ready?
Minori & Rin: Yeah!
Shizuku: Would you mind standing in the center for us, Miku?
Airi: Are we all ready? Then, here we go!
Everyone: Happy anniversary, Miku!
Miku (MMJ): Thank you all so much for doing this...!
Miku (MMJ): I can't believe that I got to help make this wonderful party happen. I feel like I'm dreaming...!
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh? But you wouldn't be able to have any cake if this were all a dream, would you?
Airi: Yeah. All the snacks we prepared would also go to waste.
Miku (MMJ): No, that'd be terrible! I've been looking forward to having them with all of you!
MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. We were just joking. Anyway, everyone, let's start eating!
Miku (MMJ): Okay...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Miku's Voice (Miku): The show's about to start, everyone!
Miku's Voice (Miku): Can all of you watching the stream hear my voice okay?
Comments: <Mikuuuuu!> <I can hear you!> <Finally!>
Miku's Voice (Miku): Hehe. Looks like we're all set. So...
Miku: “The 100% Miku Anniversary Concert That We Build Together” starts...
Rin & Len: Now!
Miku: All of you in the audience! All of you watching the stream!
Miku: Thank you for helping with this concert, which we are going to try to build together♪
Miku: We'll go over each thing one by one. Starting with the commemorative illustrations we received!
MEIKO: We'll show them all on the screens off to the sides of the stage as we keep our talk going.
Luka: We hope you enjoy what we have to say, but please don't forget to look at the pictures too.
Comments: <So many cute drawings of Miku! This is the best!> <I need more eyes!> <Are they gonna show the message I sent?>
Rin: What's more, the set list for today's show will actually be decided by all of you.
Len: Haha! They're totally stunned.
Len: But that's okay! The process is actually really simple!
Rin: So, Miku, why don't we jump right in and pick the first song?!
Miku: Okay.
Miku: All of you in the audience will need to get your phones out. All of you watching the stream can post your responses in the comments.
Miku: Now, I know this is a bit sudden, but I have a question for all of you! “Which Miku would you all like to see?”
Miku: A, “Cool Miku!” B, “Cute Miku!” Please make your choices!
KAITO: “Cool Miku”, eh...? Which song is that referring to, I wonder?
Luka: You'll have to wait to find out.
Len: Alright, Rin, which Miku do you wanna see?
Rin: I'm gonna go with “Cute Miku”! I mean, then I'd get to sing with―
MEIKO: Easy, Rin! That's supposed to be a secret, remember?
Rin: Hehe.
KAITO: Oh, it looks like the results are in...
MEIKO: Let's see... Everyone wants to see...
MEIKO: B, “Cute Miku”!
Rin: Yes! Let's do our best, Miku♪
Miku: Yes, and I hope all of you also have fun!
(Black cut)
Luka: Our next song will be based on this question. “Which would you rather say right now?”
Luka: A, “Thank you!” B, “Happy anniversary!”
KAITO: I think it's pretty easy to guess which songs these choices involve...
Len: Again, you gotta wait to find out!
Len: You guys in the crowd and watching online also have to keep it a secret if you've already figured it out! So, shh!
(Black cut)
Rin: Our next one is... Oh, it's “Which Miku would you all like to see?” again!
MEIKO: But this time, your choices are... A, “Happy Miku.” B, “Dark Miku.”
Miku: Which would you choose, Rin?
Rin: Hmm... I want to pick the one I'd be singing in, but I'm not involved in either of these...
Len: No, Rin, stop! Saying that you're not gonna be singing might give it away!
(Black cut)
Miku: Thank you all for helping make this a wonderfully exciting concert!
Miku: We only have a few minutes left together, but I hope you all enjoy the rest of our singing performances.
MEIKO: But before we continue, we need to present our usual messages!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000487/bg_s000487.webp)
Rin: Happy anniversary, Miku! I'm so glad that we were able to celebrate with you again this year.
Rin: Let's make sure everyone watching has fun as we sing and dance to the rest of our songs!
Len: Happy anniversary, Miku! I got to help out with a bunch of your songs, and you really put everything you had into all of them.
Len: I promise to also keep doing the same until the very end, so let's do our best!
Luka: I can tell just how motivated you are, Miku. There must have been just so many emotions that you wished to share with everyone.
Luka: I promise to support those feelings of yours by putting my heart into it as I sing. A very happy anniversary to you.
MEIKO: Happy anniversary, Miku! I've really been enjoying this show that we've been building together.
MEIKO: There really is nothing like a concert that you built from the ground up with the audience! Let's stay joined as one and sprint to the finish line!
KAITO: Happy anniversary, Miku. The others more or less covered what I was going to say...
KAITO: But I hope this concert will be an unforgettable memory. For you, for this audience and for everybody watching.
KAITO: I promise to sing with everything I have! You all can still keep going, right?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Miku: Thank you all for those thoughtful messages...!
Miku: This wonderful concert wouldn't have been possible without the help of you and the others, KAITO. And all of you cheering for us.
Miku: Thank you all very much!
Miku: I'm here on stage today because I was sure that we could make this concert a fantastically fun one.
Miku: So...
Miku: I hope you all enjoy being here with us until the very last minute!
Len: So, let's start our final sprint!
Rin: We've actually got a special medley planned!
MEIKO: That's right. This medley will be a fun mix of “Cool Miku”, “Happy Anniversary!” feelings, and maybe even some “Happy Miku.”
Rin: Huh? Does that mean?
Luka: Hehe. Some of you already seem to have figured out what's going on here...
Luka: The songs we're about to sing are all the ones for the answers which weren't chosen.
KAITO: Quite a lot of you have been wondering what they were, yes?
Miku: We practiced them all, so we wanted to perform them for you no matter what.
Miku: So, here we go! Our special medley starts now♪
(White cut)
