1259_Hatsune Miku (VBS)_R2 Time For A Break (event_181)

Skill name: There For The Memories

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

An: Isn't there a way to make the intro to the first song feel more impactful?
An: A lot of the people coming to the festival aren't gonna know who we are, so we should try to immediately grab their attention.
Kohane: In that case... Would it be better for us to all sing in unison right from the beginning?
Toya: That may work, but we could also have just one or two of us sing with limited backing to give a stronger impression of our sound.
Akito: Yeah. And we'd put the pedal to the metal from there.
MEIKO (VBS): An and the others are hard at work. These past few days, they've been practicing and discussing things from dawn to dusk.
Miku (VBS): *Nod* It's like they're rushing headlong towards the festival.
Miku (VBS): (But since they're going to be performing on an island...)
MEIKO (VBS): Would you mind taking these drinks and snacks over to them, Miku?
Miku (VBS): Okay.
Miku (VBS): Nice work, everyone. These are from MEIKO.
An: Wow, rum raisin steamed cakes! Thanks!
Akito: Come to think of it, we've been at it since this morning. Why don't we take a quick break now...?
Miku (VBS): How are your preparations for the festival coming along?
An: Hmm... We're actually having a little trouble choosing songs and coming up with arrangements for them.
An: We'll be performing for a pretty different crowd compared to normal, so it's gonna feel like an away game.
Miku (VBS): Right. It won't be like playing at a live house.
Toya: But that's also why it should give us good experience.
An: Yeah! We've even been asked to headline, so we gotta end things with a big bang!
Miku (VBS): Hehe. You all sound very motivated. I'm also looking forward to hearing your performance.
Miku (VBS): Also... I'm sure you'll get to experience quite a lot outside of the festival.
Kohane: Huh?
Miku (VBS): This festival takes place on an island, yes? I feel that you'll get to see things you wouldn't normally.
Kohane: Oh, she's right... We got so caught up in the festival that we forgot about all the free time we're going to have.
Toya: Yes, I remember hearing about activities for the performers being planned.
Miku (VBS): What kinds of activities...?
Kohane: We won't know until the day of. But the goal is to have the performers get to know each other.
Miku (VBS): It sounds like they're going to have you go sightseeing and such with people from the other groups.
Kohane: The other groups... Shiho and her band, and Minori and her group are going to be there. Also, everyone from Wonderlands×Showtime.
Akito: Wait, there's a chance I'm gonna get stuck with those weirdos...?
Toya: Yes, it'd be nice to go sightseeing with them.
Miku (VBS): You should try to have as much fun as you can during your free time too.
An: Huh...?
Miku (VBS): Between visiting the United States and practicing, you've all been very busy lately, no?
Miku (VBS): Aside from the festival, I hope you all also get to experience a variety of things with your friends and create fun memories together.
An: Me too. The others are also working hard to make their dreams come true, so we haven't hung out in a while...
An: Thanks, Miku! We're gonna go have lots of fun with them!
Kohane: You should also come if you're interested.
Miku (VBS): Me?
An: It's not every day you get to visit an island! And you might get to see some really interesting stuff, you know?
Miku (VBS): True... In that case, I might pop over for a bit.
An: Yeah, let's enjoy it together!
Toya: Then, to make sure that we do enjoy this trip, let's start doing research on the island.
Kohane: Okay. I want to learn about the native plants and take pictures of them.
Akito: They also listed a bunch of famous dishes in that pamphlet. We should look up some of those shops.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku)

[Island Forest]

Miku (VBS): (Huh? They're in a forest now...?)
Miku (VBS): (Where could Kohane and her team be headed?)
Kohane: The shrine that's the next stop on our stamp rally should be straight up ahead on this trail.
Shizuku: Thank you. Still, this mountain trail really is wonderful... There's so much greenery and you can hear all this beautiful birdsong.
Honami: Yes, the air's so clean. It's really soothing.
Miku (VBS): (Oh, they're about to visit a shrine.)
Nene: Oh, a hibiscus... This place is starting to feel like a tropical paradise.
Kohane: It's such a beautiful red. Oh, I should get my camera out...!
Miku (VBS): (Kohane seems to be really enjoying herself...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Zoo]

Minori: Wow, look how big its horns are! The sign says “Barbary sheep”... Wait, it's a sheep?
Tsukasa: Still, the mane-like tuft of fur on their chests looks so elegant. To think that it can be strong and beautiful at the same time. I like it...!
Miku (VBS): (Akito's at the zoo.)
Miku (VBS): (Hm? I thought I just heard something go, “Ook!”...)
Minori: Look, Shiho! These monkeys have rings on their tails!
Shiho: Oh... It's the ring-tailed lemurs. I was hoping to see them. Their tails look so fluffy...
Tsukasa: Oh, Shiho, are you interested in those monkeys? I happen to know how to communicate with them. Allow me to call them over for you!
Shiho: Huh? No, you don't have to d—
Tsukasa: Monkeys, on me! Ook ook!
Akito: This is really embarrassing, so please stop.
Miku (VBS): (Hehe. It looks like he's got some interesting company.)
Miku (VBS): (It feels kind of rare for Akito to be at someone else's mercy like this.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Observation Deck]

An: Whoa! You can really see the whole island! It's so beautiful!
Miku (VBS): (Wow, this place has a really nice view.)
Haruka: Oh, take a look at this sign... It says that a lot of squirrels live around here.
Emu: Really?! I wanna see some!
Saki: Me too! Let's try looking for them!
An: Okay! Wait, where do squirrels normally hang out? Places where lots of nuts and stuff are lying around...?
Miku (VBS): (...? I thought I just saw something move in the grass... Oh!)
Miku (VBS): <Look, An, on top of that tree!>
An: Huh? Oh...! You guys, isn't that animal nibbling on a nut a squirrel?
Mizuki: Look at that...! It's so cute how it's stuffing its cheeks...!
An: Thanks, Miku.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Harbor Town]

Miku (VBS): (Why do Toya and his team look so serious...?)
Miku (VBS): (It looks like they're trying to eat some dried fish. What could be going on here...?)
Ichika: You need to be pretty brave to eat this...
Airi: Yeah, since...
Airi: This fish's face looks terrifying!
Miku (VBS): (Look how sharp its teeth are. You would have to muster up a bit of courage to have this.)
Toya: Then, I'll try tasting it.
Rui: Are you sure, Aoyagi...?
Toya: Yes. The residents of this island were generous enough to give us this. Also, since I'm here, I'd like to experience as many things as I can.
Miku (VBS): <You can do it, Toya.>
Toya: ... ...!
Toya: It's good! As you chew, the smell and taste of the sea begin filling your mouth...
Miku (VBS): <Oh, I wonder what it tastes like...>
Miku (VBS): <I sort of feel like trying some now.>
Toya: I'll buy some for my friends as a souvenir.
Ichika: You enjoyed it that much...? Now I feel like trying it.
Miku (VBS): (I think Toya heard what I said.)
Miku (VBS): <I'm sorry for making you buy some for me.>
Miku (VBS): (Still...)
Miku (VBS): (Based on these relaxed expressions, they all seem to be having a nice vacation...)
Miku (VBS): (The others also seemed to enjoy doing the things they love while having a merry time with their friends. They've all been having a good time...)
Miku (VBS): (And I hope they get to keep making fun memories.)
(Black cut)
