94_Kagamine Len (VBS)_R2 Street SEKAI

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Kagamine Len)

[Street SEKAI]

An: Now that we're here, do you want to go to MEIKO's cafe?
Kohane: Yeah! I'm sure everyone else is there already.
Len: Oh, hello there...
Kohane: Len! Hi!
Len: It's great to see you again! What are you up to?
An: We thought we'd come by after practice to say hi to everyone. We were just going to the cafe.
Len: I'm going there too. Let's walk together.
Kohane: Sure!
An: Do you help out at the cafe too?
Len: No, I only visit as a customer, but Miku does help out.
Len: I've got another important job in this world as a DJ!
An: Oh, really?
An: But where's your kit? The turntable and the amp? I've never seen you carrying anything like that around.
Len: Heh heh heh.
Len: You think I'm not carrying them right now? But... I've got this pocket here...
Kohane: ?!
Kohane: D-Do you have a whole other dimension in your pocket?!
An: It's a strange world, this SEKAI... Different rules might apply here...
Len: Got ya! I was just kidding. I don't have a magical pocket.
An: Oh?
Kohane: You don't?
Len: It is a mysterious world, but it's not magical.
Kohane: I would have believed you if you said it was. It wouldn't surprise me if you could make things appear just by wishing for them.
An: I thought the same. A lot about this world really is inexplicable.
Len: I wish we could use magic here! The DJ's kit is awfully heavy and a pain to carry around!
Kohane: Hehe, I bet it is.
Kohane: I used to think that you guys were almost supernatural beings... But you're not that different from us.
Len: That's right.
Len: Our special power is helping people discover their true feelings.
Len: And that's about it.
Kohane: But that's an amazing power to have! Without that, we wouldn't even be here!
An: Yes. Don't sell yourself short!
Len: If you say so.
An: You did just enough to make it all happen, but not too much so that it would stop us from facing our problems.
Kohane: Exactly. Some problems have to be solved without help, even when they're very difficult.
An: We're tremendously grateful to you guys.
Kohane: Yeah! Thank you so much for everything, Len.
Len: Hehe. I feel better knowing you see it like that!
Len: Buuut, there's something else I can do for you.
Kohane: And what's that?
Len: I'm the DJ, so, obviously, I'm going to do some DJing for you when we get to the cafe!
An: That'd be sweet!
Kohane: Yeah!
Len: Okay, let's go, go, go!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len)

[Street SEKAI]

Akito: ...
Toya: Are you looking for Len, Akito?
Akito: Yeah, I've got to ask him something.
Akito: He wasn't at the cafe, so I thought he might be around here.
Akito: There he is! Hey, Len!
Len: Oh, hello! Good to see you back in SEKAI!
Len: What's up?
Akito: Len, did you patch things up with your partner?
Len: You mean Rin? Oh yeah, ages ago!
Akito: Ah, good.
Toya: ...
Len: ...
Akito: ...
Len: Um... Was that the only thing you wanted to talk to me about?
Akito: Yeah.
Toya: Akito's been very concerned about you and Rin having that falling out earlier.
Toya: He's been looking for you to ask you about it.
Len: Oh, that's really kind of you, Akito!
Akito: I wasn't very concerned, but it's been on my mind.
Toya: He went to the cafe many times trying to find you, but you were never there. Don't you work at MEIKO's cafe?
Len: Oh, I don't actually. I only go there for coffee.
Toya: Ah...
Akito: Do you like, have a job?
Len: Sure I do! I'm a DJ!
Akito: A DJ? Really...
Toya: But don't you work with Rin as a duo? Are you DJing together?
Len: Hehe, we do!
Akito: I know lots of DJs, but they all work solo.
Akito: How does it work with two DJs?
Len: Hmm, how to explain it...
Len: Sometimes we're mixing together, other times one of us sings while the other mixes.
Len: So even though we work as a pair, we do have our solo parts too.
Len: As a team, you get to offer a more varied experience.
Toya: I see...
Len: The best part is when together we accomplish something we couldn't do on our own!
Len: Isn't that the same for you?
Akito: !!
Len: You can still perform solo, but you can also sing with one, two, or three other people.
Akito: Yeah, that gives us lots of options to try out.
Toya: Did Len give you some food for thought?
Akito: I won't deny I got some new ideas just now.
Toya: I'll be looking forward to finding out what they are.
Len: If you're going to be putting on shows, I'd like to see them!
Akito: Sure, you're welcome as the audience or you can join in if you like.
Len: Really? I'm going to make use of that invite!
(Black cut)
