95_Kagamine Len (VBS)_R3 Reluctant Reconciliation

Gacha phrase: I'm going to see Rin.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

Len: Sigh... I do want to patch things up with Rin, but I don't know how to apologize...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Len: Akito, good luck!
Akito: Thank you all for the help.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len: But Akito was so determined to make up with Toya as well. I can do this too...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Crase Cafe]

Len: MEIKO! Is Rin here?
MEIKO: Hello, Len. Rin was here just a short while ago.
Len: Oh... I must have just missed her.
MEIKO: Hehe, looks like you're ready to make up with her?
Len: Yes... I don't really have the courage, but I also know I can't keep letting this drag on.
Len: I'd be so uncool if I didn't at least try after encouraging someone else to make up with his friend, right?
Len: I'll go look for Rin again!
MEIKO: Yes. I'm sure she'll understand if you talk to her properly.
MEIKO: Actually, when Rin was in the shop just now, she was telling me she wanted to patch things up with you.
Len: What? Rin said that?
MEIKO: Yes. She said she wanted to patch things up and then have some lemon soda together with you again.
Len: Oh, okay. I have to find her quickly, then!
MEIKO: I'm sure you'll be fine. See you later.
Len: Thanks! See you later!
MEIKO: Hey, it's dangerous to break into a run like that. Be careful...
Len: Yikes! Ah, sorry... Huh? Rin?!
MEIKO: Oh my...
Len: Um... Rin, I just...need to talk to you about something.
Len: Yes... Um, maybe we can go over there?
MEIKO: Looks like everything's going to work out right. You can do this, Len.
(Black cut)
Len: Humhuuum♪
Len: I'm back!
MEIKO: Hello, again.
MEIKO: Judging from your expression, you've managed to patch things up with Rin, right?
Len: That I did!
Len: Rin actually listened and understood what I had to say. If I'd known it'd be so easy, I would've done it sooner!
MEIKO: You two have always been thick as thieves, after all. I'm glad everything's fine between you now.
Len: Thanks!
Len: After making up, we started singing at the street outside. It was really fun to sing with Rin again after so long!
Len: Miku showed up halfway through, and they're singing together now.
MEIKO: I guess I should start preparing some lemon soda, then?
Len: Hehe! I came back again because I thought of the same thing!
Len: Can I order some for takeout? I'm going to take the drinks to Miku and Rin.
MEIKO: Alright. Three lemon sodas it is.
Len: Why not four?
MEIKO: Hm?
Len: You should join us once in a while too, MEIKO.
Len: It's not like there are any customers around right now... I'll help you out with the cafe later in return!
MEIKO: Hehe. Since you asked so nicely, maybe I should oblige.
MEIKO: To celebrate you and Rin making up with each other.
Len: Hehe, great!
MEIKO: Four lemon sodas, and a Closed sign...
MEIKO: Done. Shall we go now?
Len: Yeah! Miku and Rin are gonna be so happy to see you!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Crase Cafe]

Len: Hi everyone... Huh?
Kohane: Ah, Len. Hello.
An: Hey. We're here again.
Akito: Len's really a regular customer here, huh? You never came here at all the last time we were looking for you, though.
Toya: I'm glad we could meet you here today.
Len: Everyone's here! All four of you are finally here together!
MEIKO: They've been waiting for you, Len.
An: Now that you mention it, this is the first time we're here together after that initial visit, right?
Kohane: Um, I think so... An and I would drop by sometimes, though.
Akito: Toya and I visited too.
Toya: It's just hard to find a day when everyone's available.
Len: I'm so glad everyone's here together today!
Len: You see, there's something I've been wanting to suggest.
Kohane: What is it?
Len: Well, why do you guys think about holding an event together with us one day?
Akito: Event? What kind of event are we talking about here?
Len: I haven't thought about that yet...
Akito: Then why bring it up?
An: Because he wants to think about it together with us, right? Come on, that's fine!
Len: I'll take it that everyone's interested, then? In that case, let's do something...you know? Super fun!
Akito: That's too vague for me...
MEIKO: Since we have enough people, instead of just doing a street performance, we can try to hold a proper event, right?
MEIKO: We'll build an outdoor stage and come up with a program...
Len: Yes, that's it! That's what I was thinking about!
MEIKO: You want to sing with Rin because you've made up recently, right?
Len: Actually... I was hoping we could keep it a secret from her.
Len: Can we prepare for the event without letting her know?
Toya: Does that mean you intend to give her a surprise?
Len: Yup!
Len: That's why I want this to be the best event ever! Something that'll surprise her and make her happy!
Len: So, please! Will you help me with this?
Toya: An event especially for your partner, huh?
An: That's awesome! I'm all for it. What about you guys?
Kohane: I've never planned for an event before, but I'd love to give it a go. I want to prepare for the event together with Len!
Toya: I think this sounds very interesting too. What about you, Akito?
Akito: Well, Len's been pretty good to us, so...
Akito: I'll help. But I won't accept anything half-hearted if this is going to be the greatest event ever, understand?
Len: Of course! Thanks so much, everyone!
Len: Okay, let's start brainstorming right away!
(Black cut)
