96_Kagamine Len (WxS)_R4 New Troupe Member!

Gacha phrase: This SEKAI is so fascinating!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Len: Miku! KAITO! Are you here?
Len: That's weird. They were just here a minute ago.
Len: Still, this place sure is impressive. There are strange things everywhere. There's even a flying train.
Len: Huh? What's that walking this way? Is that a stuffed animal?
Plushie: Hi there! You must be a new guest!
Len: Whoa! You can talk! Hey, do you know where I can find Miku and KAITO?
Plushie: Troupe leader KAITO and Miku? Sure! Follow me!
(Black cut)
Singing Flower: ～～～♪
Len: What's with that flower?
Plushie: Oh, she's a very talented singer! Why don't you say hello?!
Len: Okay!
Len: Hello there, Ms. Flower. I love your singing!
Singing Flower: ～♪ Hm?
Plushie: This is our new guest. I'm taking him to see Troupe Leader KAITO and Miku.
Singing Flower: ～♪
Plushie: I see! She wants to help show you the way. Do you mind if she comes along?
Len: You're going to help me find Miku and KAITO? Thanks!
Plushie: Alright, let's go find Troupe Leader KAITO!
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): Oh, it's Len! Hi ho!
KAITO: Welcome, Len! It's great to see you.
Len: Hi ho, KAITO, Miku! So I heard the one who made this SEKAI was able to find his true feelings.
KAITO: That's right. He was finally able to remember the important memories that he'd forgotten.
Len: That's great. I wish I could have come visit sooner. I would have helped you.
Miku (WxS): Did you come all this way just to see this SEKAI, Len? It's so much fun, don't you think?
Len: Yeah! It sure looks that way! Everyone's really nice, too.
Len: I sure hope I can meet the one who created this place soon.
KAITO: Hehe. I think you'll get along really well. He's really passionate about getting others to smile.
Len: Oh, really? I want to sing together!
KAITO: I understand how important the songs born in this place are to us, but there's no need to be in a hurry.
Len: He's not here today, is he?
KAITO: Sorry, but I haven't seen him.
Len: Oh, that's too bad.
Miku (WxS): You really can't wait to meet him, can you?!
Miku (WxS): I know. KAITO, why don't we put on a show for Len while we wait for everyone to arrive?!
Len: You'd do that for me?! I'd love to see one!
KAITO: With that kind of enthusiasm, I couldn't possibly refuse. Very well, then! Let's give Len a show!
Plushie: You're doing a show! I want to join!
Singing Flower: ～♪
Miku (WxS): Of course! We can all be part of the show!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Miku (WxS): Alright, let the show begin!
Len: (Wow! This is amazing! Miku and KAITO are like completely different people up there!)
Len: (I'd love to be part of a show like this! I wonder if they'd let me give it a try!)
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): What did you think of the performance, Len?!
Len: It's was great! The song and dance was really cool, too! Everyone looked so dazzling!
Miku (WxS): Hehehe! Thanks, Len! I'm glad we could put a smile on your face!
Len: KAITO! Miku! Could I join your troupe?
KAITO: I'm happy to hear you liked it, but what makes you want to join us?
Len: Your performance was so moving! It made me want to be a part of something so special! Please! What do you say?!
Miku (WxS): I say yes☆ We have no reason to say no! Right, KAITO?!
KAITO: Of course. Although, there's one thing I want you to promise me.
Len: What's that?
KAITO: Creating performances is a lot of hard work. They aren't something you can do on your own.
KAITO: I want you to promise you'll remember that great shows rely on everyone working together.
Len: Got it! I promise I'll remember!
KAITO: Wonderful. Just be careful. It can be easy to lose sight of what's most important from time to time.
KAITO: Many people get discouraged. Do you think you can push through to the end even when things get tough?
Len: Yeah! I'll do my best!
KAITO: Good answer. In that case, welcome to the troupe.
Miku (WxS): Hurray! We've got a brand new member! We're gonna have lots of fun, Len☆
Len: Yeah! Thanks for having me!
Len: Hehehe. I can't wait to start making shows together!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Len: Alright, I think I want to try coming up with a show like KAITO and the others do, but this time I'll make it on my own!
Len: The only problem is, I'm not sure where to start.
Len: I should probably decide what kind of things I want in the show first. What sounds like it'd be fun?
Len: KAITO's shows are usually a story with singing and dancing. I just need an idea that the audience will enjoy.
Len: Hm... This is harder than I thought.
Len: What's the most important thing for a show? Maybe I should start with the script? Or maybe choosing parts? Oh, costumes are really important too.
Plushie: Len! You look like you're working hard. Let us know if there's anything we can do to help!
Len: I will, thanks! Actually, there was something I wanted to ask you.
Len: I'm trying to figure out everything I need to make a good show. Is there anything you can think of other than the script and costumes?
Plushie: Hm... Have you thought about stage props?
Len: Oh, stage props! I completely forgot about that.
Plushie: There's also stage lighting, any mechanical props you might need... Oh, and music too!
Len: Hrng... This is going to take even more prep work than I thought...
Len: I think I'm getting a good overall picture, though. Let me give it some more thought.
Len: Thanks for the suggestions!
Plushie: Sure! Good luck!
(Black cut)
Len: Backgrounds, lighting, production, music... Then there's the script, costumes, and casting... So much to do...
Len: Making a show sure isn't easy.
Len: For the audience, the show goes by before you realize it, but the time it takes to prepare could be a hundred times as long as that.
Len: I wonder if I can do something this tough on my own...
Len: Probably not...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
KAITO: Do you think you can push through to the end even when things get tough?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len: Oh, I nearly forgot! I promised I'd see things through to the end no matter what!
Len: But I really don't think I can do this on my own. What am I going to do?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
KAITO: Creating performances is a lot of hard work. They aren't something you can do on your own.
KAITO: I want you to promise you'll remember that great shows rely on everyone working together.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len: You can't make great shows on your own...
Len: Oh! This must be what KAITO meant when he said that!
Len: I can't take everything on myself. Alright! I should find Miku and KAITO and ask them for—
Miku (WxS): Hi ho, Len☆ Working hard?
KAITO: You seem to be struggling with something.
Len: Miku?! KAITO?! What are you doing here?!
KAITO: We heard from the stuffed animals that you were working hard on a show, so we came to check on you.
Miku (WxS): How's it coming?
Len: Well, I don't think I can do this on my own. I was just going to find you two and ask for your help!
Miku (WxS): We'd love to help! Do you have an idea of what kind of show you want to do?
Len: Yeah! I'm just not really sure where to start...
Miku (WxS): In that case, let's get everyone here! If we all work together, we'll be done in no time!
(Black cut)
Miku (WxS): KAITO, look! We finished another costume! What do you think?
KAITO: It looks great. Can I get you to start on the main character's costume next?
Miku (WxS): Sure! We'll get right on it!
Plushie: The stage props are finished! How does this look?
Len: Wow! It's just like I imagined! Do you think you could lighten the sky just a bit?
Plushie: I'll see what we can do!
Len: (I wasn't getting anywhere trying to do this on my own. Now that everyone's helping, though, things are going so fast.)
Len: (It's way more fun coming up with ideas as a group than it was struggling to find ideas on my own, too!)
Len: So this is what it means to make a show together.
Len: Hey, KAITO. You told me before that you can't make a great show by yourself.
KAITO: I remember. That's one of the first things I told you when you joined the troupe.
Len: I think I finally understand what you meant!
KAITO: I'm glad to hear that. I always believed you'd realize it sooner or later.
Len: Hehe. I have everyone here to thank for that.
Len: Alright! Let's all make this show a huge success together!
(Black cut)
