150_Kagamine Len (VBS)_R4 Absolute Strongest Duo?! (event_9)

Gacha phrase: Rin really is the best partner there is!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Len: Heya!
Rin: We're here...!
MEIKO: You turned up at just the right time!
Miku (VBS): MEIKO's working on a new menu item... Parfaits.
Rin: P-Parfaits?!
MEIKO: Would you like to try them?
Len: Yeah! We absolutely do!
MEIKO: Great! I'll make you one right away... Oh no!
Len: What's wrong?
MEIKO: I was planning on making the trial parfaits only for myself and Miku, so I don't have enough ingredients for four.
Miku (VBS): Make ours a half-size, then Len and Rin can have some too.
Rin: But... Half a parfait won't be enough for me...!
Rin: Oh, I know! We can compete for a whole one!
Len: Huh? We're gonna fight for a parfait?
Rin: Yeah! The winner gets an entire parfait, Len. Are you game?
Len: Sure, sounds good! But don't come begging me for a bite of my parfait when I win!
Rin: Don't be so cocky! How should we do this?
Len: We could do a Hanetsuki battle like before. Do you still have everything, MEIKO?
MEIKO: I do, but we're out of ink.
Len: We only need the paddles and a shuttle! Alright, Rin. Winner gets the parfait!
Rin: Okay! Let's go outside!
MEIKO: Haha... Since I'm trying out a new menu item, I'd prefer it if everyone got to try a little bit...
Miku (VBS): Well, you go make the parfaits. I'll be the judge.
MEIKO: Okay, thanks.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Avenue]

Miku (VBS): Alright then, five points to win. Sound good?
Len & Rin: Yeah!
Miku (VBS): Let's get... Started!
Len: Here we go! Haaah!
Rin: Ah...! Len, that's too fast! I can't get...!
Miku (VBS): One point for Len!
Len: Hehe! Say goodbye to the parfait! It's gonna be all mine!
Rin: Grrr...! Not so fast! I'm ready for the next one!
Len: Okay! Here!
Rin: Got it!
Len: Huh... It flew up so high! I can't even see it!
Rin: Hehehe! That's because it's BEHIND you♪
Len: Whaaat?! When did it get there...?!
Miku (VBS): One point for Rin!
Rin: Hah! Power's not the only thing you need for this game!
Rin: I'll devour that parfait in front of you, all by myself!
(Black cut)
Len: (Okay... Next, fake right and go left... No, Rin might see that coming... What if I fake twice and...?)
Rin: Hah, I knew you'd hit it to the right! You're an open book to me, Len!
Len: You're clever, I'll give you that! But you're in trouble now! Here it goes!
Rin: (Looks like he's going to hit it with everything he has again. In that case, I should retreat further back!)
Len: Gotcha...!
Rin: No...! A drop shot?!
Miku (VBS): Nice fake. Len wins!
Len: Yay!
Rin: Sigh... I lost!
Len: It was a good match, though! Let's do it again sometime!
Rin: Sure, and I promise I won't lose next time!
Miku (VBS): Since Len won the match, he gets the parfait as well!
Len & Rin: Oh...
Len: Right... I forgot that's what this whole match was about.
Rin: ...
Rin: Um... It was my idea, and we agreed that the winner gets the entire parfait... It's not a big deal, I didn't want it that much anyways...
Len: (Aww, she looks so disappointed...)
Len: But man...! That was an intense match! I'm parched!
Len: I'll have to ask MEIKO for some juice. But if I drink a glass of juice, I won't have enough room for a whole parfait.
Len: It'd be a waste to just throw half of it away...
Rin: Oh...
Rin: Hehe. Then I guess I'll just have to help you finish it.
Len: Alright! Deal!
Miku (VBS): Hehe. You two...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: Oh, a juicy slice of peach! Dibs!
Rin: Don't dig it out like that, Len. You'll make the ice cream fall out!
MEIKO: I'm glad you're having fun, but don't forget that this is a taster session. I need your honest reviews!
Len: We haven't forgotten!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Kohane: Hello!
Len: Hi, guys! It's been a while...!
MEIKO: Welcome! Should I get you your usual?
An: Yes, please.
Len: So, what have you been up to this whole time?
Toya: Same thing as always. I've been practicing.
Akito: But it's been kind of hard to find a good time to meet up being New Year's and all...
Len: Why? You don't spend New Year's together?
An: No, it's a family thing for us. And everyone's with their own family.
Kohane: Yeah. My family got together for a traditional New Year's brunch.
Rin: What sort of stuff did you eat?
Kohane: Um, it's lots of different things that are supposed to bring you good luck for the new year.
Kohane: For example, black soybeans, which are supposed to help you study more diligently.
An: And kelp rolls for starting off on a good roll.
Rin: Hahaha. They're all just silly puns?!
Len: New Year's traditions are so funny!
Len: What else did you do for New Year's? Tell us all about it!
Kohane: Oh, we paid a visit to a local shrine, and then we went to the Phoenix Wonderland to take some pictures.
Len: Wait, you went to an amusement park to take pictures? What about riding roller coasters and stuff?
Kohane: Yeah. They do special New Year shows and parades, and they have a different theme every year. They're really spectacular and photogenic!
An: Kohane and her dad are really into photography.
MEIKO: Aww. It's so sweet that you share a hobby with your dad!
Kohane: It can be nice, but I hate it when my dad starts taking pictures of ME taking photos of something else!
An: But isn't that because he loves you that much?
MEIKO: Wait., come to think of it... Isn't your dad like that too, An?
An: Huh? Um, well... I'm sure he loves me...
Rin: An, tell us about how your family celebrated the New Year!
An: Well, we have our cafe, so we only do family stuff on New Year's Day since we're open again right after that.
An: Our friends, as well as some of the regulars, come by to wish us well and stuff, so you could call that our family tradition.
Rin: Wow, that's nice! It sounds so heartwarming!
Len: Yeah, that's nice! Akito, how about you?
Akito: I didn't do anything special. I was at home for the entire holiday just chilling and practicing singing.
Len: Whaaat?! But it's New Year's!
Akito: It was better than the other times when my sister forced me to go shopping with her.
Akito: Thanks to Akiyama, I didn't have to go this time.
An: Oh, yeah. Mizuki's friends with your sister, right?
Akito: That's right. They went to all the New Year's sales together, so I got a breather.
Rin: New Year's sales?
Akito: Yeah. You know, to celebrate reopening for the new year.
Akito: Lots of places do grab bags too, which are supposed to be cheaper than buying stuff normally, but you don't know what you're gonna get.
Toya: Akito was complaining to me earlier about how his sister made him line up to get grab bags every day last year, and how she made him carry everything she bought.
Akito: Yeah. And all I got in return was a lousy lunch...
Rin: But you've gone shopping with her every year until now?
An: He complains about his sister, but still tries to make her happy...
Toya: Exactly...
Akito: Enough about me... Your turn, Toya.
Toya: Me? Well, Akito invited me to visit a shrine. After that, we practiced together...
Toya: But other than that, I just did my assignments for the winter break.
Akito: Oh...
An: Right, homework...
Kohane: Um... Have you guys not finished yet?
An: Finished? I haven't even started...
Kohane: Are you going to be okay? School starts again next week!
An: S-Sure, I can do it! I'll do something about it this weekend...!
Akito: ...
Toya: Akito...
Akito: Yeah, yeah. I know...
Len: Say, Rin. Aren't you glad we don't have homework?
Rin: Haha. Yeah!
Len: But your New Year's customs sound like a lot of fun!
Len: Is there anything else you can tell us?
Kohane: Huh?
Rin: I want to hear more about how you celebrate the New Year!
Kohane: Okay. Would you like to hear about the shrine An and I visited?
An: Or we could tell you about the shooting gallery at a New Year's fair!
Rin: Whoa, a shooting gallery! What's that?!
Len: Tell us! Tell us!
(Black cut)
