229_Kagamine Len (WxS)_R4 Sparkling Curiosity☆ (event_24)

Gacha phrase: So this is gonna be your stage prop, Rui?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Len: Oh, is that...? Hey, Rin!
Rin: Yeah, I think it's them♪
(Black cut)
Len: Hi, guys!
Emu: Hey, it's Len and Rin! Wonderhoy♪
Rin & Len: Wonderhoy♪
Tsukasa: You two seem to be in high spirits today!
Len: Of course! Anyways, what's up?
Rin: More practice?
Nene: Yeah. We already practiced a little at the Wonder Stage, but wanted to do a little more.
Rui: I also wanted to bring my little friend along too...
Len: Your friend?
Lion Dance Robot: CHOMP! CHOMP!
Len: Oh! The Lion Dance Robot! He's all better now?
Rin: Wait, who? You know this robot, Len?
Len: Oh, that's right! You weren't here to meet him last time!
Len: He's a robot that Rui made! They came over for New Year's but...
Rui: We ran into some trouble and he ended up malfunctioning. Fortunately, he's all better now.
Rui: You helped me fix him that time too, Len, so I was hoping to show you once he got better.
Len: Oh, okay! Thanks, Rui!
Len: Does that mean he won't go chomping away at Tsukasa anymore?
Rin: Chomp away? That sounds fun☆
Nene: I think that's a request, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Wait, wait, wait! That only happened because it malfunctioned! Things weren't supposed to turn out that way, okay?!
Len: Haha! But I'm glad he's all better now.
Len: So let's get you introduced to him, Rin!
Rin: Hehe☆ Nice you meet you, Lion Dance Robot! I'm Rin and I hope we get to have lots of fun together♪
Lion Dance Robot: CHOMP! CHOMP!
Emu: Oh, Rui! We should show them that splishy-splashy thing that we got to see earlier!
Rin: Splishy-splashy?
Rui: Hehehe. Excellent idea, Emu!
Rui: Okay, Lion Dance Robot... Go!
Lion Dance Robot: Burst...!!
Len: Whoa! Water's gushing from his mouth!
Rin: That's amazing!
Rui: Sometimes we use him as a power washer, but we can also use him to create rainbows for our stage.
Rui: He's now Lion Dance Robot Mk II...!
Emu: Yeah! This is awesome! Go! Go! Go!
Rin & Len: Go! Go! Go!
Tsukasa: They seem to be having fun...
Nene: Well, there's been no harm done so far. Let him do what he wants.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[KAITO's Stage]

Tsukasa & Emu & Nene & Rui: Great work, everyone!
Rin: *Sigh*... Practice was so much fun☆ Was it fun for you too, Lion Dance Robot?
Lion Dance Robot: CHOMP CHOMP CHOMP!
Len: Nice. I think he's saying he had a good time!
Rui: You two already seem to know him so well.
Len: Hehe. Yeah!
Rin: But this is so amazing, Rui. I never knew that you could make robots like this!
Len: Yeah, I thought the same thing! How do you do all this?
Rui: Actually, I generally use robots that I can buy commercially as a base...
Rui: Then I'll try to come up with what it'll look like and what I want to it be able to do...
Rui: After that, it's a matter of gathering all the parts I need and building it.
Rui: Nothing generally works all that well at first, and then I begin thinking about what to add or how to improve it. I usually arrive on a final design through trial and error.
Len: That's so cool!
Rui: Hehe. If you're that interested, would you like to try building one yourself?
Len: Me? Really?!
Rui: Yes, of course. I'm actually about to start building another one. Why don't you tag along while I go shopping for parts next time?
Rui: You should be able to in your holographic form, no?
Len: Oh, you're right! I'm definitely going...!
Rui: Then how does this Sunday sound? We don't have practice either, so we can leisurely spend our time looking around.
Len: Yeah! Thanks, Rui!
Rin: That's great, Len!
Rin: Oh, in that case...! Emu, Nene, what are you doing this weekend?
Emu: I'm going shopping with my big sis! It's a little far, but we're going to the really big mall together♪
Nene: I'm going to the theatre with my family.
Rin: Those both sound like so much fun! But I don't think I can go if you're with your families...
Emu: I'm so sorry, Rin. We should all go somewhere together next time when we get a chance♪
Rin: Yeah!
Len: Haha. Good for you, Rin.
Len: What about you, Tsukasa? Are you doing anything this Sunday?
Tsukasa: Me? I'll be working as an extra that day!
Len: An extra?
Tsukasa: Yes. I've been meaning to try it out to learn what I can for our performances.
Tsukasa: But my charisma may just end up drowning out the main characters entirely! Hah hah hah hah hah!
Nene: Drowning them out with your charisma...?
Rui: Hehe. Such is our Tsukasa.
Rui: Anyways, Len, I'll see you this Sunday.
Len: Yeah! I can't wait!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Len)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Len: Where could Rui be? I hope he gets here soon...
Len: Heya, Rui! Thanks for coming today!
Rui: Oh, it's my pleasure.
Rui: As promised, I'm here to help teach you how to make some simple devices.
Len: Awesome! So what are we gonna make?
Rui: Hehe. Let's start with this part first. I'm you'll figure it out soon after...
Len: A tube...? Or a barrel...? I know, it's a cannon!
Rui: That's correct, Len! Nicely done!
Len: Yay! Wait, you think I can make one of those?
Rui: No need to worry. It's a simplified design based off an existing kit, so it shouldn't be difficult.
Rui: I've also made the blueprint as simple as I could as well. For example, these red lines correspond to the red lines on the circuit board.
Len: Yeah, cool. And these blue lines are talking about these blue parts, right?
Rui: Correct. Let's begin by making the control panel then.
Len: Okay!
(Black cut)
Len: Red goes to red... Uh oh... It didn't go on straight...!
Rui: Mind if I take a look?
Len: Sure, is it gonna be okay...?
Rui: Yes. It's on there just fine and shouldn't have any trouble conducting.
Len: Thank goodness! Alright, I have to loosen this plug by untightening its screw...
(Black cut)
Len: I... I'm done!! I think I'm done, Rui!
Rui: Well done, Len. But we're not quite done yet.
Rui: Now that you've finished, we'll need to test it out.
Len: Wait, right now?!
Rui: Of course. There's something I'd also like to test out...
Len: Like what?
Rui: This...
Len: Um... They're pieces of paper... Shaped like fairies...?
Rui: Yes. I made them from pieces of construction paper. I took about ten of cut-outs, glued them together and bent its arms and wings slightly in a certain way...
Len: Cool...
Rui: Your little cannon is made to go right along with them!
Len: Really? What's gonna happen?
Rui: You'll just have to see to find out. Why not try pressing the switch?
Len: Alright! Then here... We... Go!
Len: Whoa! The fairy's flying!
Rui: Yes, it is. Your cannon seems like it's working just fine. Congratulations, Len.
Len: Heh heh heh! Oh, but what happened to the thing you wanted to try out, Rui?
Rui: That's up to our little fairy friends...
Rui: Ah, it looks like they're also working well. See...?
Len: Wow! That's amazing...! That one's spinning around like it's dancing!
Len: Rui, you gotta tell me! How's it able to do that?!
Rui: Think of it as a bamboo-copter made out of paper. Its arms are shaped in such a way to act as a propeller.
Rui: It creates lift by spinning around and dances its way gently back down to the ground.
Len: That's so cool! I didn't know you could make anything like that! You're so smart, Rui!
Rui: Hehe. Thank you. But some didn't seem to make it. They just came crashing back down without doing much else.
Rui: I have to think that the initial thrust from being launched caused too much damage to the paper. This is good. I can take that into consideration next time...
Len: Next time?
Rui: Yes. We can't have that happen during a show.
Rui: Which is why I'll keep experimenting through trial and error as many times as I need to until it becomes safe to use.
Len: I see...
Len: (So he's been doing this without any of us really knowing what was going on. All this work...)
Len: (Rui really is amazing!)
Len: Hey, Rui... How do you come up with all these ideas?
Rui: Well, I usually just think about how the characters or our audience will feel during each scene as I read a script.
Rui: For example... I was wondering how we could make it so that the audience feels like they're in a forest of fairies...
Rui: Then I thought, Eureka! I'll just have the fairies dance for them!
Rui: The how became of question of making them dance while they're floating in the sky. That's how I arrived on the bamboo-copter idea.
Len: Oh, okay. So you think about what kind of effects you want!
Rui: Each effect is just an added option. The goal is to make the show as fun as possible.
Rui: However, I do occasionally arrive on certain effects before I'd seen anything at all. Sometimes entire shows are born out of them...
Len: Really?! There's so much going on in that brain of yours, Rui!
Len: It kind of makes me happy too...!
Rui: Happy?
Len: KAITO taught me a lot about how to put on shows and I love making it so that everyone smiles!
Len: And the way you talked just now, Rui, it told me that you really love seeing and putting on shows too...
Len: I'm really happy about how we sort of think alike!
Rui: We think alike...
Rui: Yes, I understand how you feel as well.
Rui: Especially now that I have this troupe.
Rui: Now, we'll need to make some improvements to these fairies and test them out once more...
Rui: How does that sound, Len?
Len: Yeah! Let's do it, Rui!
(Black cut)
