256_Kagamine Len (VBS)_R4 My Dancing Shoes! (event_29)

Gacha phrase: These shoes are so cool!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Akito: Hey.
MEIKO: Welcome, you two.
KAITO: Hello. Len's been waiting for you.
Len: Yeah, what took you so long? Let's get down to dancing!
Akito: Okay, slow down. Before we get started, we have to choose a song and choreograph everything.
Toya: That's actually why we came today.
Toya: We may not be able to dance together during the event, but we would appreciate your help very much, Len...
Len: You got it!
Akito: You know we're just singing and dancing, right? You won't get a chance to be a DJ here.
Len: I'm completely okay with that! I can just become the dancing DJ!
Len: Also, you guys have all been getting better and better, so I thought that I should try new things and get really really good too!
Akito: Really really good?
Len: Yeah! Really really good!
KAITO: Haha. I don't see why not. It's good to take on new challenges.
KAITO: You never know what might come in handy down the road.
Toya: I agree. Even that work we did as extras the other day taught us quite a lot.
KAITO: Yes, that exactly! Life is all about taking the time to stop and smell the flowers.
MEIKO: Well, in your case, KAITO, that's all you sort of do...
KAITO: That's not fair! I just believe that people should try new things and see new sights, including myself!
KAITO: Which is why you should do the same, Len!
Len: Yeah, I wanna do that too! But maybe not quite like you, KAITO...
KAITO: What? You're on her side, Len?!
Len & MEIKO: Haha. Hehe.
Akito: But since we're in this together, why not set some goals for yourself while you're at it?
Len: My own goals...?
Toya: Yes. For example, our goal for the moment is to perform in the Summer Festival.
Len: Right...
Len: Oh, I know...! I can try performing for MEIKO and KAITO!
Len: Also, Akito, Toya! I know I can't be in the Summer Festival, but can we try coming up with a three-person version too?
Akito: A three-person version?
Len: Yeah! We can use the same song but change the dance around a little to add me. It'd be okay as long as it doesn't end up being more work, right?
Len: Then it'd sort of feel like I was in your event too!
Toya: I see.
Toya: I suppose it should be okay since it likely won't interfere with us practicing for the Summer Festival.
Akito: Yeah, why not? Again, we're in this together, right?
Len: Yay! Then it's settled!
Len: Oh, also! I'd like it if An and Kohane could come and watch!
Toya: We'll have to ask when Shiraishi is free next, then.
Akito: And Kohane should be back from the Seaside School by the time the Summer Festival is over, so we can ask her then. 
Len: Thanks, you guys!
Len: Hehe. Okay! I need to do my best during dance practice!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

Rin: Len, you're doing great!
Len: Hehe! I've gotta keep up with Akito and Toya!
(Black cut)
Len: Okay! How about this?!
KAITO: Hello, Len. You seem to be in high spirits.
Len: Hey, KAITO! Did you come to watch?
KAITO: Yes, since I'm the one who said that you should try pursuing this.
KAITO: By the way, how has juggling practice been going?
Rin: Oh, right! Akito, actually, brought a soccer ball for Len to use and began practicing with it!
Len: No problems there either! My record's up to 30 now!
KAITO: Good for you!
KAITO: But I didn't expect you to hit your stride this quickly, if I'm going to be honest. Maybe I should've come to check on you sooner.
Len: Why? Did you want to practice with me, KAITO?
KAITO: Haha. Not quite. I was hoping to see your progress in real time is all.
Len: My progress?
KAITO: Yes. For example, learning to do something you couldn't do the day before. I like seeing those kinds of eureka moments.
Rin: Oh, I totally get that! It's an amazing feeling when whoever you're helping figures something out!
Len: I see.
Len: That means you two might really like it if you learn about that other thing!
Rin: What other thing?
Len: I'm actually thinking about trying something.
Len: The dance I'm practicing right now is the same as the one Akito and Toya are gonna do during the festival they're gonna be in...
Len: But I'm hoping to make a three-person version of it!
KAITO: Oh, I remember you mentioning something like that at MEIKO's place.
Len: Yeah, that!
Len: But the problem is that Akito and Toya are performing for real during the festival, so what I'm doing sort of feels like something extra, you know...?
KAITO: It does? I'm sure they'll give both dances everything they have.
Len: Yeah, I know they will...
Len: But I sort of want them to focus more on their performance for the festival.
Len: (I want them to be able to help out Akito's friend in their time of need.)
Len: Anyway, that's why I've been thinking about making a version of this dance for three people.
Len: But don't get me wrong. I'm giving it everything I have too!
KAITO: Don't worry. I know you will.
KAITO: By the way, have you thought about what kind of adjustments you'll be making...?
Len: Yeah, I have a few ideas... Wanna hear them?
Rin: Oh, I do! Tell us! Tell us!
Len: Okay, since you're here, some feedback might be nice too!
Len: I was thinking about trying...
(Black cut)
Len: So today, I want you guys to hear my ideas about making a three-person version of your dance!
Toya: I see. You even went through the trouble of asking Rin and KAITO for their feedback...
Akito: Thanks, Len. Let's hear it.
Len: Okay!
Len: I was actually thinking about basing some moves on juggling a soccer ball!
Toya: Juggling a soccer ball?
Len: Yeah! I can't really do any fancy tricks, but you still have to use all sorts of different leg muscles, right?
Akito: Right.
Len: But when people juggle a bunch of soccer balls at the same time, it kinda looks like they're break dancing, doesn't it?
Len: I even heard that competitions for doing tricks like that exist! Freestyle football or something...
Akito: Oh, yeah. That's true...
Len: See what I mean? That's why I thought it'd be cool to try something like that together!
Akito: Yeah, it could end up looking pretty cool as long as we fine-tune each step.
Akito: Okay, I'll bite. This could be interesting.
Toya: I think so too.
Len: Really?! Yay!
Len: Hehe. Rin and KAITO actually helped me choreograph some of it too...
Akito: Someone came prepared.
Len: Of course I did. Anyway, stand back and watch!
(Black cut)

[A few days after the Summer Festival]

Len: Okay, everyone ready?!
Akito: Yup. Let's do this.
Toya: Okay.
(White cut)
Kohane: Weren't they amazing, An?! They were good! Like really good!
An: Haha! Every other word you said just now is good, Kohane!
An: But I understand how you feel. The break dancing bit in the middle was so cool!
Toya: Len actually came up with that part.
Kohane: He did?! Len, that part was so good!
Len: Thanks. Rin and KAITO helped me come up with that, but Akito and Toya said they wanted to try it, so I felt really good about it!
An: Still, you guys dancing at the Summer Festival was a pretty huge surprise too...
An: You guys thinking about doing flash mobs and stuff now?
Akito: No way. This was just a one-off thing.
Kohane: But I think it'd be really cool to do something like this during one of our shows!
Rin: Len, you're grinning...
Len: Because I pulled off something really cool with everyone.
Miku (VBS): Yes, I agree that it was a very good performance.
MEIKO: Me too! I'm sure the wise old master is also satisfied with this result, no?
KAITO: Haha. I barely had anything to do with this. Len did this all on his own.
KAITO: And I do also genuinely believe that it was a very good performance.
Len: *Gasp*...! Hehe. You should be proud of your star pupil!
Rin: Haha. Star pupil...?!
Len: Hey, Akito, Toya!
Len: Thanks for doing this with me! It turned out to be super fun!
Akito: We had fun too, right, Toya?
Toya: Yes, we did. Let's try this again sometime.
Len: Okay!
(Black cut)
