265_Kagamine Len (MMJ)_R4 Prince Of The Stage (event_31)

Gacha phrase: I'm sure I brought hope to all of them.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Len: One, two, three, four...! Good. I have all the invitations I need for sharing!
Len: Hehe. I bet Rin and the others are gonna be so surprised when they get invited to a show completely out of the blue.
Len: (I took a bit of a break from doing shows to come up with new ideas and learn more about giving back to the fans...)
Len: (But lately, the girls who made this place also just managed to get the ball rolling...)
Len: Now that I'm done with my side dealings, I can get back to doing shows!
Len: And since it's gonna be a special event, I really want Rin and the others there to see it.
Len: Which is why I made these invitations...
Len: Oh, wait a minute... While I'm at it, I could throw in a little twist.
Len: Yeah! This'll be great!
(Black cut)
Len: (Oh, there's Miku! I'm glad that I made sure to look up her show schedule.)
Len: (Is the side entrance to the stage over there? I need to be as quiet as possible so that I don't interrupt or anything...)
Len: Excuse me...
Len: Okay, leave the gift and invitation here...
Len: And we're all set!
Len: Miku and the crowd look like they're really having fun! I'd love to be up there with her, but I still need to deliver invitations to everyone else...
Len: That's a shame but I guess there's always next time.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: Okay, MEIKO and Luka should be practicing somewhere around here...
Len: Aha, there they are...!
Len: Slowly... Make sure they don't notice you...
MEIKO: Hm? Was that balloon always there...?
Luka: What balloon?
Luka: Oh, the yellow one floating over there? It looks so cute♪
MEIKO: L-Luka...?
Luka: Look, MEIKO! There's something tied to the end of its string!
MEIKO: Oh, you're right. Let's see... Invitations? For us? But it doesn't say who it's from...
Luka: Hehe. Maybe it's not necessary. This balloon is a nice hint♪
MEIKO: Yeah, I guess so...! Now it makes sense!
MEIKO: Hehe. He really likes pulling little tricks like this, huh?
Luka: I'm sure it all has to do with him wanting to spread hope and inspire everyone to see some wonderful dreams.
Luka: By doing this, the anticipation level for his show rises and makes it just that much more exciting.
MEIKO: That makes perfect sense too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: Next is my last one.
Len: She should be practicing here somewhere...
???: Eep!
Len: Huh? Was that...?
Rin: Ow... I feel again. During the same part too...
Rin: Okay, one more time!! One, two, three, four!
Len: ...
Len: (That step sequence looks so tough, but she's not backing down from that challenge...)
Rin: Turn here and... Wah!
Len: (Uh oh... I hope she didn't twist her ankle just now...)
Rin: No! Why can't I do it?! I thought I had it just now!
Len: (Thank goodness. She's okay. But I still feel worried...)
Len: (Maybe I should go and stop her instead of leaving this invitation behind...)
Rin: No, I've gotta keep trying...
Len: Huh...?
Rin: I'm gonna be a great idol just like Miku and the others. I wanna sparkle the way they do!
Rin: And...!
Rin: I want to be able to help Minori and the girls more! I want to be there for them!
Rin: Okay, again!! One, two, three, four!
Len: Rin...
(Black cut)
Rin: *Huff*... *Huff*... I... I did it... I did it!
Rin: Phew... I'm exhausted...
Rin: Huh?
Rin: Is someone there...? I could've sworn that I heard somebody applauding just now...
Rin: There's something on top of my towel too. Lemme see... Oh, I'm being invited to see a show!
Rin: Haha. Only one person I know would do something like this!
(Black cut)
Len: Rin managed to figure it out all on her own.
Len: (They're all so dedicated and work so hard to be the best idols they can.)
Len: And I'm gonna put on a show that makes even them jump for joy!
Len: I'm gonna give it everything I have!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Rin: Hi, Luka! Hi, MEIKO! I didn't know you two were coming to this!
Luka: Hello, Rin, Miku. I see that you two were invited as well♪
Miku (MMJ): Yup! Hehe. I've really been looking forward to this!
MEIKO: Hey, look. There's a flower broach placed on every seat.
Rin: Oh, you're right! Let's see, where's my seat? Oh, I get an orange one!
Miku (MMJ): Mine's green.
MEIKO: I got a red one. How about you, Luka?
Luka: Hehe. Mine's a very musical color♪
MEIKO: Yes, we call it pink...
Rin & Miku: Hehe.
Rin: Hey, it's starting!
Len's Voice (Len): Thanks for your patience, everyone!
Len: And thank you for being in attendance today!
Len: I took a bit of a break to come up with some new ideas for events and stuff, but I'm back to doing shows like usual starting with this one!
Len: I have some really fun stuff in store for you today too, so please enjoy the show!
Len: And we'll be using those broaches on your seats during the show, so don't lose them, okay♪
Len: Now, let's have some fun! Start the music!
MEIKO: Len really knows how to get a crowd going, huh?
Miku (MMJ): He really does! And I can't wait to see how we'll be using our broaches!
Rin: Oh wow! It's so pretty!
Luka: Hehe. His talent for touching people's hearts is quite something, no♪
(Black cut)
Len: Alright, everyone, it's time! Get your broaches ready!
Rin: Oh, here we go! What do we do? What do we do?
Len: In my hand is a very special box! And it's full of the same flowers that are on your broaches!
Len: I'll be drawing two flowers from it. If your broach happens to be the same color, you get to dance with me during the next song!
Len: But I can't see what's inside! Now, let's see who are lucky guests are!
Miku (MMJ): Oh, this is so exciting!
Rin: Yeah! Pick an orange one! An ORANGE one!
Len: Okay, here we go!
Len: Everybody with... Ta-daah! Orange and green broaches!
Rin: Yay!
Rin: Wait! Luka and MEIKO don't get to come with us...
Len: Rest assured, my red and pink flowers! We need you to be our chorus!
Rin: Oh...!
Luka: Hehe. Now we all get to have fun♪
Rin: Yeah!
Len: Alright, oranges and greens, let's start by practicing a little!
Rin & Miku: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Rin: Len, your show was awesome!
MEIKO: We had so much fun! Thank you for inviting us!
Len: You're very welcome!
Len: I need to thank you guys too! You all sang and danced so well!
MEIKO: That's because you created such a good vibe for us!
Luka: Yes, you really did.
Luka: Your show also reminded me of how performances can vary so much based on who's on stage♪
Rin: What do you mean?
Luka: For example, MEIKO likes to become one with the audience and is incredibly talented at doing so...
Luka: Len seems to know how to create a fun atmosphere with some unique ideas while throwing in a little fan service.
Len: You hit the nail right on the head, Luka!
Rin: That's so cool...
Rin: (And if I could learn a lot by doing shows with Len!)
Rin: L-Len...?!
Len: Yeah?
Rin: I've been thinking about doing some shows on my own but...
Rin: Would it be okay if we did some shows together?!
Len: I appreciate the offer, but are you sure...? It won't be a solo performance if I'm there with you...
Rin: That's totally fine! I want the audience to have as much fun as they possibly can!
Rin: And I feel there's a lot that I can learn from you about being an idol, Len!
Len: Yeah, alright! In that case, I gladly accept!
Rin: Yay! Thanks, Len!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. I can't wait to see what you two have in store for us.
Len: Let's do our best to make this a great livestream, Rin!
Rin: Yeah!
(Black cut)
