347_Kagamine Len_RB Happy Anniversary!

Gacha phrase: Here's a special song for all of you!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Saki's Room]

Saki: It should be starting soon!
Ichika: Saki, you've been saying that every minute for a little while now.
Saki: Huh? I have?
Shiho: It is about that time, so I guess you're not wrong.
Shiho: But you really caught us off guard when you said that two hours ago.
Honami: Hehe. I'm sure she's just excited.
Saki: Yeah! I mean, it's Rin and Len's anniversary show!
Saki: And they're streaming it! Isn't it awesome?!
Ichika: It is since not everyone can go see them in person. This way, we can all celebrate together.
Ichika: Oh, it's starting...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Rin: <Everyone, are you ready?!>
Len: <How about everybody watching the stream? Are you ready?>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Yeah, of course, we are!
Honami: Oh, Saki, you should write a comment if you want them to know how you feel.
Saki: Haha. I know, but it's hard not to cheer since it feels like I'm right there with them!
Ichika: I see what you mean.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rin: <Let's get Kagamine Rin & Kagamine Len's Special Anniversary Show started♪>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Honami: Hehe. They look like they're having so much fun.
Ichika: They really do. They seem so happy about being able to celebrate with their fans like this too.
Saki: Yeah!
Saki: And I'm so glad that we got to celebrate with them...
Shiho: Oh, you mean that Christmas party?
Saki: Wrong! It wasn't just any old Christmas party. It was a super special Christmas party with their anniversary party built in!
Ichika: Hehe... Super special...
Saki: Hey, don't laugh so much!
Ichika: Sorry... No matter how many times you say it, I just can't help it...
Saki: But Rin and I spent so much time coming up with a good name for it...
Honami: Still, I really wasn't expecting to celebrate their anniversary during a Christmas party.
Shiho: Yeah, that caught me by surprise too. I get Len, but I didn't think Rin would prefer quality over quantity.
Saki: She actually said that we should just have “one big party”♪
Ichika: And Len seemed to nod in agreement then, so I'm sure he felt the same way.
Shiho: But he did mention something about not being used to being at the center of such a big party, so he might've been a little shy about having multiple.
Honami: Hehe. I noticed that too.
Honami: And combining three parties into one really helped us in terms of our budget.
Ichika: It even let us turn the snacks we originally had as prizes for bingo into something much nicer.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: <Alright, everyone! My part's about to start!>
Len: <I hope you're all ready!>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Yay♪
Honami: Oh, that's right. The first half was Rin's part of the show.
Shiho: Yeah, they're doing two separate shows.
Ichika: These two may be no different from the Rin and Len we know from SEKAI, including the desire to have “one big party”.
Shiho: Hehe. You might be right.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Honami: I can't help but smile seeing them have so much fun performing like this.
Saki: Yeah, me too!
Ichika: (I know that they're probably different from the Rin and Len we know from SEKAI, but...)
Ichika: I see a part of them in these two.
Honami: It just means that we've become that close with them, right?
Ichika: Yeah.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len: <You'll get to hear some classics, but my part of the show should feel a little different from Rin's part.>
Len: <But I've also thrown in some fun songs that should really make you smile and others that I'm sure you'll want to sing along to!>
Rin: <Yeah, it sounds like he really wants to go for more power and energy!>
Len: <So try to keep up, you guys!>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saki: Alright, we gotta be just as hyped as they are...!
Ichika: Okay, I'll try cheering a little too.
Honami: Hehe. I might just join you.
Saki: Yeah! You too, Shiho♪
Shiho: Do I have to...?
Ichika: It is a show after all.
Honami: Right. Join us, Shiho.
Shiho: Okay, okay. Yaaay...
Saki: You can do better than that, Shiho! Like this!
Ichika & Honami: Hehehe.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Rin: Everyone, are you ready?!
Len: How about everybody watching the stream? Are you ready?
Len: Let's see... “Good to go!” And... “Let's do this!” Alright, I think we're set!
Rin: Let's get Kagamine Rin & Kagamine Len's Special Anniversary Show started♪
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
Len: Alright, everyone! My part's about to start!
Len: I hope you're all ready!
Len: Oh wow...! Everyone's still got tons of energy!
Rin: Yeah, this is amazing!
Miku: Doesn't it mean they want to celebrate your anniversary just that much?
Len: Th-Thank you so much, everyone...!
Len: How about everybody watching the stream? Can you keep going?
Luka: Yes, I'm sure they can.
Luka: I just saw someone say, “My cheering could shatter windows right now.”
Len: Haha! I'm glad to see that they're enjoying everything, but try not to actually break any windows, okay?
MEIKO: Hehe. Anyway, let's just keep having fun!
KAITO: But we still have plenty more in store for you.
Len: Yeah, the fun's just getting started!
Len: You'll get to hear some classics, but my part of the show should feel a little different from Rin's part.
Len: But I've also thrown in some fun songs that should really make you smile and others that I'm sure you'll want to sing along to!
Rin: Yeah, it sounds like he really wants to go for more power and energy!
Len: So try to keep up, you guys!
(Black cut)
Len: Everyone, thank you so much for coming out today to celebrate my and Rin's anniversary!
Len: I always believed that these are twice as fun since I get to celebrate together with Rin...
Len: But I realize now that it's more fun than that because we also get to celebrate with Miku and everybody else here!
Luka: You may be right. It's definitely been quite a bit of fun and we're all so happy for you.
MEIKO: Yes, exactly. So... The more the merrier...?
KAITO: I believe so. I'm sure everybody watching the stream will agree with you on that.
Miku: I'm sure they do!
Len: Haha. Yeah, the more the merrier!
Len: Alright, now for our last song...
Len: Huh? It's playing already...
KAITO: Hehe. Just as we prepared special messages for Rin, we've prepared some for you as well.
Len: Oh...
Len: I was so caught up in my show and our surprise for Rin that I completely forgot!
Luka: But we were hoping that you'd still be surprised by it, so let's call it a happy coincidence.
Miku: I agree! So please, if you don't mind hearing what we've prepared.
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000033/bg_s000033.png)
Miku: Happy anniversary, Len!
Miku: Thank you for being such a kind and thoughtful person, Len. I hope we can keep being friends!
MEIKO: Hehe. She said you're kind, but I know about your mischievous side, Len.
MEIKO: So let's keep playing pranks on KAITO every now and then, okay?
KAITO: Every now and then?  Hold on, MEIKO, you've been helping him...?
KAITO: Anyway, Len, happy anniversary.
KAITO: Your pranks never fail to startle me, but for some reason, they always end up making me smile.
KAITO: I suppose I don't mind you doing these things as long as that's the result. Although, it'd be nice to be on the pranking side for a change...
Luka: Happy anniversary, Len. Hehe. It's so wonderful how cheerful and hard-working you and Rin always seem to be.
Luka: I've actually been wondering what it'd be like to be pranked by you, so please try one on me sometime.
Rin: Happy anniversary, Len! Hehe... I'm not gonna lie, putting this into words is pretty embarrassing...
Rin: But every day is fun when you're around. From hanging out to singing together... Oh, hehe... Pulling pranks on you occasionally! 
Rin: And you're always the first person that comes to mind whenever I'm thinking about doing something.
Rin: So let's keep having lots and lots of fun together!
(White cut)
(Background change)
KAITO: Alright, everyone... One, two...!
Everyone: Happy anniversary, Len!
Len: Whoa...!
Len: Haha. I knew that you guys would be doing this since you did it during Rin's part of the show...
Len: But... I couldn't be happier!
Len: Thank you all so much!
Miku: You're very welcome!
Len: Thanks, Rin!
Rin: Hehe. You're welcome♪
(Black cut)
Len: Also, thanks to all of you in the audience as well as everybody watching the stream!
Len: I hope you guys, Rin and I can keep singing, hanging out and having fun together!
Len: And thank you all again for celebrating our anniversary like this! We really appreciate it!
Rin & Len: Bye bye!
(Black cut)
