375_Kagamine Len (VBS)_R4 Uncontrollable Curiosity (event_49)

Gacha phrase: Can I go there too?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Street SEKAI]

[Crase Cafe]

Len: Alright, see you later!
Len: Man, I can't wait to see what this venue looks like!
Miku (VBS): It is where RAD WEEKEND took place. The very thing that Kohane and the others are trying to surpass.
Miku (VBS): On top of that, this venue seems to mean quite a lot to both An and Akito.
MEIKO: True. After all, it's where their dreams and feelings were born...
Len: Exactly! That's why I'm looking forward to seeing it so much!
Miku (VBS): But all we know so far is that it's not a particularly big live house or anything.
Len: Yeah, that's right!
Len: I was under the impression that it'd be this huge place with tons of people because it's being touted as such a legendary event...
Len: But it's not supposed to be all that different from the live houses where Kohane and the others usually perform, right?
Miku (VBS): That's what I heard as well.
Len: Which makes it even more amazing, right?! I mean, this place pretty much went from zero to hero!
Miku (VBS): I see your point. No ordinary event would be remembered in such a way.
Len: But I'm still not really sure how amazing it was.
Len: Everyone who performed that night had to be absolutely outta this world, you know?
MEIKO: I'm sure they were.
MEIKO: But you need more than just performers to put on an event like that.
Len: Huh? What do you mean?
Miku (VBS): You've seen what the events Kohane and the others usually perform at are like, haven't you? Try starting there.
Miku (VBS): An event isn't just about singers. You need something else to really make it happen.
Len: Hmm...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Len: Oh, are you talking about the staff and crowd...?
Miku (VBS): Bingo.
MEIKO: We have no way of knowing just what kind of event RAD WEEKEND really was...
MEIKO: But we know for a fact that events can only happen when everyone works together.
MEIKO: Singers, songs, lights, an MC to act as a bridge, and an audience to energize. Or in some cases, to receive energy from...
MEIKO: All of these factors meld together in different ways...
MEIKO: And only then do you get to see an event start to take shape.
Len: Seeing an event take shape...
Len: Hmm... Our goal's usually to make sure the crowd has fun while listening to our songs...
Len: But that's not enough, I guess?
Miku (VBS): No, that's also important to keep in mind since it's just as much a part of what makes an event “good”.
Miku (VBS): But “legendary” is a different story. What you said likely wouldn't be enough to elevate it to that level.
Len: Yeah...
Len: Oh, does this have anything to do with “oneness”?
Miku (VBS): I'd have to say not quite.
Len: Not quite...?
Miku (VBS): I'm sorry. I know it's not a great answer and it's not like I witnessed RAD WEEKEND firsthand.
MEIKO: Same. All we can do is imagine what happened.
MEIKO: The next time you get to see Kohane and the others perform in an event, it might be good to try and see things from a broader perspective.
Len: A broader perspective...? Now you really got me confused.
Miku (VBS): Also, going to the venue where RAD WEEKEND happened might give you a better insight.
Len: But what kind of insight?
Miku (VBS): Who knows?
Len: Ugh, you're no help.
Len: *Sigh* I wish I knew what you two were talking about.
Len: I mean, if I don't figure this out, I won't be able to help Kohane or anyone else!
Miku (VBS): They have been growing at a very steady pace.
Len: No... If this keeps up, I just won't have what it takes to help them! That'd be the opposite of cool!
Len: That means I need to practice more!
Len: I get to see a legendary place, so I need to put myself in the right state of mind!
Miku (VBS): Mind if I join you?
Len: You will?! Thanks, Miku!
Miku (VBS): You're welcome. Shall we?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[Street SEKAI]

Rin: Len, do you know where KAITO is?
Len: Nope. Ugh... Why's he gone at a time like this?
Len: Alright, wanna try taking another look around?
Rin: Yeah, let's try searching together this time!
(Black cut)
Len: Based on what MEIKO said, he's been spending time here lately to work on some mixes.
Len: Wait, this song!
Rin: It's coming from over there! Let's go!
(Black cut)
KAITO: ————♪ ————~♪
Rin: There he is!
Len: KAITO!
KAITO: Hm? Hello, you two! As energetic as ever I see.
Len: Energetic?! We looked all over for you!
KAITO: For me? Oh, does this mean the new dessert MEIKO was working on is finally ready...?
Rin: No! Tell him, Len!
Len: Okay. The thing is, I saw this unbelievable show the other day!
KAITO: An unbelievable show?
(Black cut)
KAITO: I see... So you actually got to see a video of the very event that Akito and the others are trying to surpass.
KAITO: I wish I could've also seen it. Why didn't you tell me sooner?
Len: Finding Rin's one thing, but you're like a needle in a haystack.
KAITO: Haha. True.
Rin: But that's not the whole story, KAITO!
Len: Yeah, I haven't told you why I came to find you yet!
KAITO: Hm?
Len: You've taught us a lot about music and being a DJ up until this point...
Len: But we want you to teach us those things more often.
KAITO: ...
KAITO: Is this because of what you saw?
Len: Yeah, that's a part of it.
Len: All of us watching got completely sucked in right from the first song, and it was all over before any of us realized it.
Len: We were like, “Oh, it's over...” But we had goosebumps everywhere because we just knew that we'd seen something absolutely amazing.
Len: I still can't really believe how good it was, and it really opened my eyes.
KAITO: It did?
Len: Yeah. That video told me that I need to do more.
Len: Akito and the others are trying to surpass that, which is obviously going to be an impossibly hard challenge.
Len: I know that just wanting to sing with everyone won't be enough now.
KAITO: ...
Rin: I didn't get to see that video, but the fact is that Kohane's been improving at a daunting pace.
Rin: Which is why we need to do more to keep up with her and the others.
Len: Yeah, so we want to learn more from you.
Len: Just trying something for a day or a few days won't cut it! We want to do more! A lot more!
Rin: Please, KAITO!
Len: We also promise to adjust our own practice schedules since we know we're asking a lot from you.
KAITO: It's clear to me that you're serious about this...
KAITO: So yes, I'll agree to help.
Rin: KAITO...!
Len: Thanks, KAITO!
Len: Can we start today?
KAITO: Of course.
KAITO: No, wait...
KAITO: There's still a chance that MEIKO's done working on that new dessert I mentioned earlier.
Len: Huh...?
KAITO: Alright, why don't we stop by her place for a quick break first?
Rin: Were you really listening to anything we were saying just now, KAITO...?
KAITO: Of course. We can start... Tomorrow.
Rin & Len: What?!
Len: No, way! That means you're not gonna help us at all!
Rin: Yeah! We know that you're a complete slob when it comes to anything not related to music!
KAITO: But...
Len: We're starting right now!
Rin: The cafe can wait until after we're done!
KAITO: Haha... It's like I'm the student now.
Len: Enough talk! Let's do this!
KAITO: Okay, okay. We can start right now.
(Black cut)
