471_Kagamine Len (Ln)_R4 A Moment After School (event_65)

Gacha phrase: Hey, you're here!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

KAITO: I hope you figure it out.
Saki: Same! And thank you too, KAITO!
Saki: I'll see you two later!
Len: Okay, good luck!
Len: Saki seemed a little better than when she came.
KAITO: Yes, she did...
KAITO: Still, I was surprised to hear that their show didn't go so well.
Len: Yeah. Especially since they seemed to be doing great lately.
Len: Hmm... Do you think it's because they didn't play at their usual venue?
KAITO: That may be a part of it... But based on what Saki said...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Saki: So, I guess I should start by talking about how our show went...
Saki: You guys probably heard that we'd be performing somewhere different than usual.
Saki: Unfortunately, we couldn't get anybody in that crowd there going at all.
Len: What...?
Saki: Until now, we always knew that getting everyone going would be pretty hard, but at least some people would listen intently...
Saki: And then, I decided to ask someone from this band that the crowd really seemed to love about our songs.
Saki: They said, “I thought they were cute. But they didn't really strike a chord with me.”
Len: Geez, talk about being blunt...
Saki: Haha...
Saki: However, compared to the song we wrote for Hanano and her brother, the song I wrote for this show was...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Len: They were cute but didn't really strike a chord, huh...?
Len: I guess we should start by listening to the song she wrote for that show.
KAITO: Sure.
Len: Okay, here's the file Saki gave us. I'll play it now. Ready?
KAITO: I see...
Len: Yeah, I can see how someone might say it lacks a real message compared to the song they wrote for those fan siblings.
Len: But...
Len: I like this song since it's so catchy.
Len: It's like everyone's having fun and I'm being invited to join them, you know?
KAITO: I agree... I see no real fault with that.
KAITO: It's a nice expression of how Saki's feeling and having fun right now.
KAITO: And yet, it didn't work for the people at that live house...
Len: Based on Saki's story, this crowd seemed to include people who mostly just wanted to chill, listen and gradually get into a song.
Len: Hmm... It's pretty easy to chalk stuff like this up to bad luck.
KAITO: But Saki doesn't want to do that...
Len: Right. Which is why she wants to write a song that really hits home with them.
Len: I get that, but...
Len: I really don't want her to toss aside something that she worked so hard to create.
Len: It's a great expression of how dazzling her life is right now, so flatly labeling it as “bad” seems a bit...
Len: I mean, it's like saying how Saki feels is wrong somehow.
KAITO: Len...
KAITO: Don't worry. I'm sure she understands that and just needs to find a better way to express herself.
KAITO: That's likely why she came to talk to us. She wants to figure out how to write a song that really resonates with others.
Len: Yeah...
Len: She's probably taking a really hard look at what she's feeling right now.
KAITO: *Nod*
Len: (We believe in you, Saki!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Miku (Ln): Judging from the way you're playing, Len, you seem very happy.
Luka: Did something good happen?
Len: Yup!
Miku (Ln): Hm? Are you not going to tell us...?
Len: Hmm...
Len: (Telling them means talking about how Saki came to ask KAITO and me for help...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: “You're not alone.” “There's a fun future ahead.”
Saki: That's how I'll understand their loneliness...
(White cut)
Saki: I can keep going...!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len: (Saki already seems to have figured out what was missing from her song.)
Len: Sorry, but I have to keep it a secret.
Luka: That just makes me even more curious.
Miku (Ln): Hmm... What could it be? Did Saki bring you some delicious snacks?
Len: What's that supposed to mean? FYI, I'm not Rin.
Len: (I can't wait to hear the song Saki comes up with...)
Len: (Still, I don't really see anything wrong with this one.)
Miku (Ln): He really seems to enjoy playing that tune.
Luka: Yes, he must like it very much.
Luka: Oh...?
Ichika: Hello.
Len: Heya, Ichika, Saki!
Saki: Hi! Pardon the intrusion♪
Saki: Wait, Len, were you just playing...?!
Len: Yeah, I've been playing it a lot recently.
Saki: But no one at that live house really seemed to like it and one person even told me that it didn't really strike a chord with them...
Len: I still like it. It's fun, catchy and great to sing to!
Saki: What...?!
Saki: Y-You really think so...?
Len: Why would I lie to you?
Len: I mean, this song not getting the response you were looking for during your show is probably a bit concerning...
Len: But I still like playing it.
Len: For example, I really like this part.
Saki: Hey, it's that part!
Saki: Shiho and I talked a ton about how to make that chord progression feel really good!
Len: Really? Then, how about this part?
Saki: Oh, for that part...!
Luka: Hehe. They certainly seem to be enjoying themselves.
Ichika: Oh, I think her having talked to him and KAITO about songwriting also has something to do with that...
Miku (Ln): About songwriting? Does this have to do with a different song? Not the one she wrote for you girls to play at that other live house?
Ichika: Yes. A lot happened after that show and...
Miku (Ln): Oh, right. I heard a little about that from Honami and Shiho.
Luka: Hehe. Including how Saki pushed herself really hard.
Luka: However, this experience may've been a necessary step that she had to take in order to grow.
Miku (Ln): I agree.
Len: Really?! This part's based on that feeling when you're running as fast as you possibly can?!
Len: KAITO and I actually talked a lot about what this part represented.
Saki: You did?!
Luka: Hehe. I'm starting to get a better understanding of why Len seems so happy.
Miku (Ln): Yes, me too.
(Black cut)
