502_Kagamine Len (Ln)_R3 My Own Way Of Being Cool! (event_70)

Gacha phrase: I think it's the best way to go for this drawing.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[School SEKAI]

Len: Okay, I'll make this line stand out more and make this one a little blurry...
Len: Yeah, that's perfect!
Miku (Ln): Oh, Len, are you still working on your drawing?
Len: Yeah, I was just getting into a good groove.
Rin: Haha. Look at you having so much fun! After you said that drawing is childish or whatever♪
Len: G-Gimme a break...
Miku (Ln): Anyway, how's your drawing coming along?
Len: Oh, here.
Rin: Wow...! Your guitar looks so cool now!
Miku (Ln): Yes, it does. Your attention to detail is incredible. It's obvious that you're doing everything you can to make it look as cool as possible.
Len: Hehe. I know right?
Len: After putting so much effort into drawing this guitar, I really want to play it now.
Len: I mean, this is SEKAI. Isn't it possible for this guitar to appear if I really wish it?
Rin: What if you wished really, really, really hard?! Would that make it appear?!
Miku (Ln): Hmm... I'm not so sure about that...
Len: Yeah, I figured...
Miku (Ln): By the way, Len, are there any other things that you think are really cool?
Len: Hm? Let's see... Oh, definitely rock music!
Rin: Yeah, totally! Listening to rock songs is fun, but playing them yourself makes you sound really cool, you know?
Len: Yeah! I really love songs that have good bass action!
Len: But I kinda want to actually learn more about why rock is rock. Right now, I'm sorta playing it superficially...
Miku (Ln): I see.
Rin: Oh, is there anything other than music that you think is really cool?
Len: Something other than music? Hmm...
Len: Oh, motorcycles and staying up really late...
Rin: Huh...?
Miku (Ln): I understand motorcycles... But staying up late?
Len: Yeah, because I see myself staying up late playing my guitar and drinking coffee that I normally wouldn't!
Len: How cool is that?
Rin: Hmm... I've had coffee before, but prefer tea or juice because it was too bitter.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. I understand how you feel, Rin.
Miku (Ln): However, I also understand the allure of staying up late while playing my guitar.
Miku (Ln): When it was just me and Luka here, I spent some nights up on the rooftop playing ballads while stargazing.
Len: Yeah, that's exactly what I'm talking about!
Rin: Really?! In that case, Len, why don't you try drawing all of those?
Len: A-All of them...?
Rin: Yeah! I bet your drawing is gonna turn out super cool if you do!
Len: Y-You think so? Well, I did want to draw more, so maybe I'll give that a try...
(Black cut)
Len: Okay, I'm done.
Miku (Ln): It's...
Rin: You playing a rooftop rock concert... With motorcycles and coffee, Len?
Len: Yup.
Len: Anyway, I drew what you suggested and... What in the world's going on here?
Rin: Hmm... I was sure that you drawing everything that you thought was cool would turn your drawing into something spectacular.
Miku (Ln): But there seems to be too much going on here.
Len: To be fair, I had a feeling this would happen.
Len: Oh, but... When I asked KAITO about learning how to draw better, he mentioned something about “less is more”...
Len: Which means my drawing might actually become better after subtracting a few of these things.
Len: First, I have to think about how I want it to look cool... Motorcycles go perfectly with rock, so...
Rin: Len's gone straight back to drawing...
Miku (Ln): Hehe. He must be really enjoying it.
Miku (Ln): And I'd rather not interrupt him, so why don't we go somewhere else to practice?
Rin: Okay!
Rin: Show us how your drawing looks later, okay, Len?
Len: Sure.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Kagamine Len)

[School SEKAI]

Len: Hm? Did someone just arrive...?
(Background change)
Saki: Hi, Len!
Len: Hey! Let's do our best again during practice.
Len: Hang on. Where are Ichika and Shiho...?
Honami: They both have work today, but they said that they should be able to make it in time for practice.
Len: Oh, right. They mentioned that during practice yesterday...
Len: Then, wanna chat for a bit?
Len: I've actually been doing some drawing since we last spoke.
Saki: Really?! Does this mean I get to see what you drew?!
Len: Of course. If anything, I want to show you. And here it is...
Saki: Wh-Whaaat?! Is this a synth?! It's so cool!
Len: I've always liked the way all the knobs and switches on synthesizers look.
Len: So, I ended up really focusing on how they look more than the keyboard.
Honami: Yes, you captured its characteristics so well!
Saki: Haha. I dunno if it's because of how detailed it is, but my eyes are just naturally drawn to those parts.
Len: Hehe...
Len: And I'm already working on drawing the next set of instruments. Here, it's a drum kit...
Saki: Whoa, this looks really cool too! I bet these drums sound amazing!
Honami: Me too! And I really like the top-down angle you chose here.
Len: I thought a lot about what the best and coolest angle would be for these.
Len: After a few laps of walking around a drum kit, I figured it out.
Len: As it turns out, the best angle seems to be from straight above.
Honami: I see. Your overall design is very impressive, but I'm astonished at the amount of thought that's gone into this drawing.
Len: Nah, this is just me wanting to draw a really cool drum kit.
Len: I mean, the snare and bass drum aren't exactly to scale.
Honami: Yes, that may be, but I really do think that these drums look very cool.
Saki: Yeah, me too!
Len: Haha. Thanks!
Saki: Hmm... I kinda feel like drawing now...
Len: Speaking of which, Honami, didn't you paint a wall together with everyone during your job shadowing?
Saki: Then, wanna paint one of this school's walls?
Len: Yeah, that sounds like fun! Especially since it'd be like us doodling where we're not supposed to!
Honami: Doodling is probably against the rules...
Honami: However, I think we all had fun when Luka suggested that we draw all over one of the chalkboards.
Saki: Yeah! That means we get to draw all we want since there are so many chalkboards here!
Saki: Oh, I wanna do that thing where you take a bucket of paint and splash it against a wall!
Len: Wait, what?! People do that?!
Saki: Yeah! I saw someone doing it in a video the other day♪
Saki: They even covered themselves in paint and rolled around like a human paint roller!
Honami: Hehe. They made handprints and footprints too.
Len: Wow...! That sounds like so much fun!
Saki: I know, right?!
Saki: If we did that in a classroom, it'd probably become a huge mess... So, let's try doing it outside when it's nice and sunny!
Len: Yeah! We should be able to do that whenever since the weather in SEKAI is always nice! When it showers, it's usually just stars.
Saki: Oh, you're right!
Saki: Hey, Hona, let's do it! Len's in, so you're in too, right?!
Honami: Hehe. We should let Ichika, Shiho, Miku and everyone else about this too.
Len: Oh, I'll tell Miku and the others!
Len: I'll start with Rin and MEIKO. Those two should be all for your idea.
Len: After that, if I ask KAITO, Miku and Luka in that order, then we should be all set!
Saki: Ah, I see...
Saki: That means we should talk to Ichi first, right?
Saki: Then, we'll beg Shiho to join us♪ I'm sure she'll cave if we ask her over and over again!
Honami: Y-You want to do this that much...?
Len & Saki: Yes!
Len: Alright, Saki, let's do our best to get the others to join in!
Saki: Yeah!
(Black cut)
