562_Kagamine Len_RB Happy Anniversary! 2023

Gacha phrase: I want to do fun stuff with everyone!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Question! What important event follows Christmas?
Emu: The answer is...
Emu: Rin and Len's anniversary☆
Len: <Woohoo!>
Nene: Geez... Way to keep us all on the edge of our seats. Isn't that the reason we decided to meet up today?
Rui: Tension makes everything all the more special, don't you think?
Tsukasa: Exactly! Now let's get down to business!
Tsukasa: We shall be providing Rin and Len with our utmost support as we perform a special show on their anniversary!
Tsukasa: That means that today's going to be a big day for rehearsals! I trust you all will make preparations as necessary!
Emu: Yessir!
Rui: Oh, that reminds me. I'd like us to all check our props together.
Nene: We do have quite a lot of them this time round.
Len: <Hey, Rui. Mind if I join you while you check?>
Rui: Of course. Now, first up is...
Rui: This ejection device.
Len: <Hey! Isn't that the one from the wedding flash mob?>
Rui: Precisely!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: It holds a special place in our hearts. That makes it the perfect way to mark your anniversary.
Tsukasa: I remember you said you would save it for when the occasion called for it.
Rui: Ah, yes. I'd say now is the perfect time to quite literally “bring out the big gun”.
Tsukasa: Okay. Looks like everything's in order. Next is...
Emu: My turn! I've got 'em! The glowing bracelets from the night show☆
Len: <Ah, the night show. Even though we were performing in it that time, it was a night to remember!>
Emu: Thanks for helping us out that time!
Emu: And I remember you guys gave me great advice even before we decided to do the night show.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Len: Um, Emu... You don't have to make yourself smile if something is making you feel sad!
Rin: Whenever something bothers us, it sort of just shows on all of us♪
Rin: And thanks to that, we're all able to help each other out!
Len: So if there is something that's not making you smile, we want to be there to help you!
Len: You don't have to force yourself to smile!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: We're gonna put eeeevery ounce of energy we've got into this to show our gratitude!
Len: <Alright! That's good to hear, Emu!>
Nene: Okay, moving on...
(Black cut)
Nene: Phew... There were so many props to check.
Tsukasa: Yeah. We've ticked everything off the list. That is, everything but...
Tsukasa: Rui, where's the big showstopper?
Rui: Ah yes, that. I'll need a hand carrying it, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Oh, I see. Let's get that sorted now!
Rui: Thank you. Would you all mind waiting here?
Emu, Nene & Len: <Okie dokie!> <No problem.>
Emu: Nene, Nene! While we're waiting, whaddya say we watch that video from yesterday again?
Len: <Video...?>
Nene: The Rin and Len in our world are having an anniversary show. She's talking about the teaser for that.
Nene: Here, look.
(Background change)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Rin & Len: Hello everyone!
Rin: It's Kagamine Rin...
Len: And Kagamine Len!
Rin: Do you guys know what makes December 27th so special?
Len: It's our anniversary! And what's a better way to celebrate than with an anniversary show?!
(Background change)
Len: <Oh! That Len's also putting on a special show with Rin, huh.>
Len: <Hehehe, I can't lose to that, now can I?>
Emu: I really can't wait to help you and Rin put on your show!
Nene: Me too. After all, with all the attractions in SEKAI involved, it's really going to be a big show.
Emu: Yeah! And the storyline is super duper exciting!
Nene: The flower fairies Len and Rin traverse the land in search of their parents, leaving a trail of blooming flowers in their wake.
Nene: And their only lead is a mysterious seed that yields no flowers. With a mystery like that to solve, I had a hard time peeling my eyes from the script.
Len: <Hehe, it's actually based on an original story, which we decided to weave a little element of mystique into.>
Len: <We had some input from KAITO and MEIKO, too. Brainstorming for it was so much fun.>
Tsukasa: The time is nigh for us to showcase the fruits of their labor with a grandiose display!
Tsukasa: Rui, I'm putting it down now... Alright!
Len: <That's a big bag. What's inside?>
Rui: Hehe. It's what's going to make this show really “blossom”. See for yourselves.
Len: <Whoa! It's those glowing flowers I asked for!>
Rui: Yes. We'll drape them all over the attractions and watch them light up in an array of colors.
Emu: W-Wowzers! Nene, come check this out! These are like, bigger than our faces!
Nene: I had a feeling you guys were up to something behind our backs... Wait, aren't these not even props?
Tsukasa: What they are matters not, for they are what will illuminate the way to a perfect finale!
Tsukasa: And that's everything on our preparations checklist covered! Now all that's left is to head to SEKAI for rehearsals!
Len: <Thank you all so much for going out of your way with all these preparations for me and Rin!>
Rui: It's the least we could do.
Tsukasa: Agreed! Celebrating your special day is the perfect way to repay you for all you do for us!
Emu: Not to mention, performing with you guys is sooo much fun!
Nene: Yeah. So don't hesitate to enjoy yourself.
Len: <You guys...!>
Len: <Understood! Let's give it our all during rehearsals!>
Tsukasa, Emu, Nene & Rui: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Len: Thank you all for coming to celebrate our anniversary!
Len: I'm all warmed up and ready! How about you guys?
Len: Hahaha, I'll take that as a yes! Alright, how about our fans joining us from home?
Len: Whoa! Look at that flood of messages! They're too fast for me to read them!
Rin: I guess they're just as excited to get started!
KAITO: I also can't wait to make this memorable day with you all.
Luka: Yes, me too. I already know it's going to be wonderful.
Miku: Hehe, I think it's about time for Len's part. Take it away!
Len: Leave it to me! Ahem...
Len: Thank you all for waiting! My part of the Kagamine Rin and Kagamine Len Special Anniversary Show starts...
Everyone: Now!
(Black cut)
Miku & Len: ♪————! ♪————!
(Black cut)
MEIKO: It's time for a singing showdown! Which team will win the most cheers during the chorus? Let the battle commence!
Len & Luka: ♪——! ♪——~~!
Rin & KAITO: ♪——! ♪——~~!
Miku: Wow, they're neck and neck! This is going to be a close one!
MEIKO: Which side are you on? If you're at the venue, show us with your glow sticks! If you're watching the stream, comment the team name of who you think should be victor!
(Black cut)
Luka: What a showdown! I think it's time for a well-deserved breather... Wait a minute...
Luka: What happened to the candles?! We brought them especially for this occasion, too...
Klepto KYTO (KAITO): Muahahaha! It is I, Klepto KYTO! Stealer of the light and riddle aficionado!
Len: S-Say what now?!
Rin: Those belong to us! Now give them back!
Klepto KYTO (KAITO): If you wish to see your precious candles again, you must follow the clues and locate them yourself!
Klepto KYTO (KAITO): Half of them are within this venue, while the other half can be found on the livestream site.
Klepto KYTO (KAITO): Now if you excuse me, I'll be off enjoying this spectacle from the shadows. Toodle-oo!
KAITO's Voice (KAITO): Come on, come on... Let's see... Cloak off, check. Scarf on, check... Oh! I need to bring the envelope with the clues!
Luka: Oh dear...
MEIKO: Klepto KYTO? You seem to have left your mic on!
KAITO's Voice (KAITO): Huh? Oh no!
Rin & Len: Hahaha!
(Black cut)
Rin: That little mystery sure was fun!
Len: I know we could have done something simpler instead, but I really wanted to get the audience involved!
Len: Thank you everyone for helping out! If it wasn't for our audience, we wouldn't have managed to safely retrieve every last candle!
Luka: It was a pleasure to encounter that clumsy candle crook, too.
MEIKO: Don't you think, KAITO?
KAITO: C-Candle crook? I don't know what you're talking about.
Miku: Alright, it's time to wrap things up with a few personal messages from us!
Len: Okay!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000146/bg_s000146.webp)
Miku: Happy anniversary, Len! That candle thief segment you came up with was so much fun.
Miku: As usual, you went out of your way to put on a show for everyone, even though we were supposed to be the ones celebrating you. You were amazing today!
Rin: Len, the singing showdown and the mystery segment were amazing! I was kinda anxious since it was completely different from our usual shows, but...
Rin: Tee hee, we totally didn't need to worry! Let's keep up the creativity for another year! Happy anniversary!
Luka: Happy anniversary, Len. You've always got some amazingly fun idea up your sleeve.
Luka: There are times I'm convinced you've taken it too far, but the looks on everyone's faces soon prove me wrong. Hehe, I can't wait to see what else you have in store for us next.
MEIKO: Len, happy anniversary! You're always coming up with ways to put a smile on everyone's face. Take today, for example!
MEIKO: That's one of the many things I like about you. Next time you think of something, don't forget to invite me. I'd love to help out!
KAITO: Len, firstly, congratulations on delivering a fantastic performance. I'm glad you and Rin had a good time, despite a few hiccups along the way...
KAITO: Today has definitely given me plenty of inspiration for my anniversary show! I hope you can give me a few pointers when it comes around. Happy anniversary!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Miku: Ready everyone? All together now!
Everyone: Happy anniversary, Len!
Len: Hehehe, thanks everyone!
Len: I may have a lot of fun ideas, but most of them would be useless if I were alone. It's the shared experience that makes them so fun.
Len: So thank you everyone, for always jumping on board with my ideas!
Len: Next time my brain hatches an idea, I'll be sure to let you all know so we can have even more fun!
Miku: Oh yes, please do!
(White cut)
