666_Kagamine Len (MMJ)_R4 We Would Know (event_98)

Gacha phrase: So, I think you'll be okay.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Len: When you and I talked, you said schoolwork might be a challenge... Does this mean you know what you're gonna do about that?
Minori: Oh, um... Not exactly since I won't know how a lot of things go until I actually give it a try...
Minori: But I've just gotta do the best I can!
MEIKO: Hehe. In any case, it's nice to hear that you're all looking forward to being in the credit-based course.
Rin: Okay, you two! That means you really gotta have fun during the time you have left as regular high schoolers!
Minori: Thanks, we will!
(Black cut)
Miku (MMJ): Huh? Len, you look a little sad...
Rin: Yeah, is something wrong?
Len: Oh, no... It's nothing, but...
Len: I was just thinking that I don't really know anything about the girls' school...
Rin: Huh? Their school?
Len: Yeah...
Len: For example, Minori said how getting her homework and stuff done is gonna be really hard...
Len: But I'm having trouble imagining how hard that'll actually be...
Miku (MMJ): When you put it that way, I can't really imagine it either.
Miku (MMJ): When it comes to being an idol, you can practice singing and dancing or watch DVDs of past shows to see what kinds of effects might be good...
Rin: Yeah. I remember Minori saying how math and English are really hard...
Rin: But the only thing I really got is that she has to use a lot of brainpower for those subjects...
Len: What about their actual school? Have they ever told you what it's like?
Rin: Uhh... There's only girls!
Miku (MMJ): Hehe. It is an all-girls high school after all.
Rin: Oh, I think I remember someone saying that they're given tests a little more often compared to other schools.
Miku (MMJ): Also, the fact that they have a credit-based course...
Miku (MMJ): It apparently makes it easy for students to attend while working in show business.
Rin: Oh, there's also the Sports Festival, School Festival, choir recital and lots of other school events...
Miku (MMJ): I believe that's about all we know.
Len: So you feel that way too...
Len: I wanna learn more about what they're like as students...
Len: I think I'll go see for myself.
Miku (MMJ): What?
Len: If I don't go now, I might never get another chance to see what the girls are like as normal students.
Len: So, I know I should've done this sooner, but I'm gonna go see what they're like at school.
Miku (MMJ): Yes, I see. It is important to always learn new things♪
Rin: Yeah!
Len: Then, wanna ask the others to see if they'll join us?
Rin: Yeah! I think MEIKO and Luka are practicing together right now.
Miku (MMJ): KAITO's probably working on the schedule for our next show.
Len: Alright, let's split up and go get them!
Len: We can head over to the girls' school once we've all gathered.
Miku & Rin: Okay♪
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Kohane Azusawa, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Lunch break]

[Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A]

Teacher: That's all for today's class.
Minori: It's lunchtime!
Kohane: Huh...?! Sh-She's already gone...
Shiho: Maybe she has lunch practice again...
(Background change)
MEIKO: <I think it's a good thing that she's so hungry. It's a sign that she's happy and motivated!>
Luka: <Hehe. I wonder what she'll be having for lunch.>
Len: <Haha...>
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Minori: I'm back!
Classmate A: What...? Minori, you're back already? That was so fast!
Minori: Hehe. I want to spend as much time as possible with everyone during lunch today!
Minori: So, wanna eat together?
Classmate A: Sure. While we're at it, should we invite a few others?
Minori: Yeah, let's!
Minori: Hey, wanna have lunch with us?
Classmate B: Okay.
Classmate C: Mind waiting for one more? She's grabbing something to eat now.
Minori: No problem! Oh...!
Minori: Are you two about to have lunch?! Wanna join us?
Classmates: Really? Then, we'll bring our lunches over now!
(Background change)
Len: (Hehe... Minori's really full of energy.)
(Background change)
Minori: Oh, Shiho, Kohane! You two should join us too!
Shiho: Sure... Wait, hold on... How many people did you invite...?
Minori: Hehe. Everyone who was still in the classroom!
Minori: Okay, we have two more joining us! Please try to make some room for them if you can!
Classmate A: Is there room on your side?
Classmate C: Yeah, one sec!
Classmate B: Hinomori! Azusawa! You two can sit here!
Shiho: Th-Thanks...
Kohane: This is incredible! Our desks are all together like lunchtime during elementary school!
Minori: Oh, you're right...! I couldn't put my finger on it, but I knew this felt nostalgic somehow!
Classmate A: Alright, I think we all have a seat. Minori, let's start eating!
Minori: Okay, everyone! Put your hands together and...!
Classmate B: Haha! We're really doing this?!
Minori: Hehe...
(Background change)
Len: <Minori has so many friends.>
Rin: <Yeah, and they're all really into it! They brought their desks together and were even nice enough to make room for more people♪>
(Background change)
Minori: Oh, your fruit sandwiches look really good!
Classmate B: Here, have a bite. In return, Hanasato, I get to try your bread.
Minori: Yeah, of course!
(Background change)
Miku (MMJ): <Hehe. They look like they're having so much fun♪>
Luka: <Yes, it's such a heartwarming scene.>
Len: <People really seem to gravitate toward Minori...>
KAITO: <Yes, you're right.>
KAITO: <She's very open with her feelings, so I can see why others would have no trouble reciprocating.>
Len: <Friends really are a wonderful thing to have.>
(Black cut)
