709_Kagamine Len (Ln)_R4 Heartfelt Performance (event_105)

Gacha phrase: This is my way of supporting you!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI]

Luka: That was incredible, Len. You played all the parts you were worried about so well.
MEIKO: She's right. Each note packed such a big punch. I got all excited just listening to you play!
Len: Thanks. I did practice those parts a ton.
Rin: Still, you seem way more motivated lately for some reason.
KAITO: Yes, I've noticed that you've been practicing very late...
Len: I mean, who wouldn't feel motivated after seeing a show like the one we saw?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len: The performance Miku and Ichika put on made me want to learn to play better.
Miku (Ln): Hehe. I see.
Rin: Come to think of it, the girls are officially pros now, right? What does that mean for them moving forward?
Miku (Ln): They have gone pro, but they've only just signed their contract. Apparently, there's still quite a lot that needs to be done before they make their big debut.
Luka: I'm very much looking forward to seeing what they accomplish as professionals.
MEIKO: Me too. And I hope their new chapter starts off on a really good note.
Len: Their new chapter...!
Rin: Oh, I really like the sound of that!
Rin: Wait, we should totally do something to cheer them on! Something that'll really pump them up!
Len: Cheering them on seems fine, but what do you mean by “pumping them up”...?
Rin: You know...?
Rin: Miku-P, help!
Miku (Ln): Huh?!
Miku (Ln): Um... How about something fun and recreational? We could play hide and seek in the school or have a quiz tournament!
KAITO: Saki might enjoy those...
MEIKO: I agree. It'll be a nice break for them, and we should be able to have a fun time.
Len: (A nice break... Yeah, the girls have been super busy lately.)
Len: (And they're only gonna get busier as they get ready to debut.)
Len: (Hang on... It's not like they're gonna have a lot of free time after they debut either, huh?)
Len: (If anything, that's pretty much when they'll really start working as professional musicians...)
KAITO: Len? Is something wrong...?
Len: Hmm... Nothing's wrong...
Len: But I just realized that the girls are gonna be working even harder as musicians now that they're pros.
Luka: Yes, that's very true.
Len: So, why don't we do something for them that'll encourage them to do their best as pros moving forward?
Len: For example... We could put on a really amazing show for them!
Miku (Ln): A show for them?
Len: Yeah! I bet it will get them excited about their future if we really put our minds to it!
Len: (Just like how they lit this fire inside of me through their show!)
Rin: So...
Rin: Whoa! That's such an amazing idea!!
Len: Hehe. See what I mean?
KAITO: I'm all for it. A show does sound more fun than playing some games with them...
MEIKO: Hey, you don't have to be that brutally honest.
Miku (Ln): I'm for it as well.
Miku (Ln): I agree with Len that a show seems like the best way to motivate the girls.
Luka: Oh, that's unfortunate. I was actually looking forward to having a quiz tournament and playing hide and seek.
Miku (Ln): Just forget about those, okay...?
Len: Then, let's do it!
Len: We're gonna put on a super awesome show that gets the girls really excited about their future!
Everyone: Yeah! Yes.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[School SEKAI - Rooftop]

Len (Ln): Huh...?
Len (Ln): I'm back in my own SEKAI...?
Len (Ln): Aww... But things were just getting good.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Len: I've been wanting to meet you for the longest time! You're such a great guitarist, you're mature and you're so cool!
Len (Ln): Cool? Me...?
Len: Yeah! You were just having guitar practice, right? It's super cool how you're trying to pull everyone forward through your singing and playing!
(White cut)
Len: I also need to do better!
Len: So, let's both do our best!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len (Ln): I'm cool?
Len (Ln): To be fair, I really appreciate him saying that since I want to do my best to keep being cool.
Len (Ln): And he's basically me! That just makes me feel even happier inside...!
Len (Ln): I bet he's watching me right now. So, I'm gonna do my best to put on a really amazing show for the girls!
KAITO: Oh, Len, there you are...
Len (Ln): Were you guys looking for me?
KAITO: Yes... The girls just brought some ice cream over for us.
KAITO: We were talking about having it together, but you'd disappeared from the classroom we were practicing in...
Len (Ln): Oh, right. Sorry...
Len (Ln): (It was that fragment. It sent me over to that strange SEKAI.)
KAITO: ...
KAITO: Did something good happen just now, Len...?
Len (Ln): Huh?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len (Ln): *Nod* Sort of...
Rin: Why'd you go wandering off like that, Len?! What's the big idea?!
Rin: If we don't hurry, the ice cream Ichi and the others brought over is all gonna melt!
Len (Ln): Alright, I'm sorry. I was just getting some fresh air.
Len (Ln): But, you guys could've just started without me.
Rin: No, that'd be like us leaving you out on purpose! We wouldn't do anything so mean!
Len (Ln): Oh, right! In that case, thanks!
MEIKO: Anyway, now that we're all here, let's eat!
Len (Ln): What choices do we have?
Miku (Ln): They're all popsicles. You apparently get a free one if you draw one with a stick that says, “You win!”
Len (Ln): Haha. I bet I know who chose these for us.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: You get a free popsicle if you draw the right one! How fun and exciting is that♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len (Ln): (I had to be Saki. She'd want to bring us treats that involve some sort of game.)
Len (Ln): Wait a second. The girls brought these over for us, right? Where are they now?
KAITO: They immediately went back because they're practicing at the studio today...
Len (Ln): Okay. I guess they're still hard at it.
Miku (Ln): That means we also need to do our best.
Len (Ln): Right!
Len (Ln): (Since I'm gonna be on vocals for this show, I need to put on a really cool performance for them.)
Len (Ln): (Not just for the girls. For that other me as well, who's watching over us.)
(Black cut)
