746_Kagamine Len_R2 Original Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kagamine Len)

[Program Studio]

Host: Welcome back to another episode of “Get on Those Hot Topics!”
Host: We have a wonderful guest visiting us today, so let's get him on stage right away!
Host: Today's guest is... Kagamine Len, the VIRTUAL SINGER!
Len: <Heya! I'm Kagamine Len! Great to be here!>
Host: Thank you for the energetic greeting! I felt energized just watching you.
Host: Now then, as I'm sure you all know, Len is a well-known VIRTUAL SINGER.
Host: By the way, you have your hair tied up in the back. So it's easier to move around, perhaps?
Len: <Yup! Wait, no, I should say it's for fashion. Umm... I look cooler this way, don't you think?>
Host: Hehe. Let's hope they make that part a bit smoother when they do the editing.
Host: Now, one thing you can't forget when talking about Len is, of course, Kagamine Rin.
Host: You share the name “Kagamine”, but what exactly is your relationship?
Len: <Hehe. I think I'll leave that up to each of you to decide! Ah, but I'd say a lot of songs have us as siblings.>
Host: Offering creators the freedom to tell the stories they see fit is yet another appeal of the VIRTUAL SINGERS!
Host: Len here will be participating in the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show that's going to be held in Shibuya.
Len: <I'm working with Rin and the others to get ready and make this a fun show, so look forward to it!>
Host: As it turns out, we've received lots of messages from people who say they cannot wait for the show!
Host: This one's from a homemaker with a child: “This will be the first time we take our child to a concert. Until the day arrives, we'll be having fun trying to each come up with the set list we think you'll go with.”
Host: Surely they're all getting fired up making their predictions.
Len: <Yeah! It's great how they can get enjoyment not just from the day of the show, but in this lead-up time too!>
Len: <Plus, I bet it'll be really exciting for them if any of their predictions come true!>
Host: Indeed. Any of you who'll be attending the show, why not give this a try with your friends and loved ones?
Host: On the topic of the show, it seems that tickets have already sold out.
Len: <Thanks to everybody who bought tickets! I'm looking forward to seeing you!>
Len: <And everybody who wasn't able to, don't worry. We actually have livestream and remote screening options too.>
Host: That means you'll be able to watch the show from your neighborhood movie theater or even the comfort of your own home!
Len: <Right! So to everybody who was fretting about not being able to make it to Shibuya, don't you worry.>
Host: It's nice that there are so many ways to take part. We even got this response in a street interview.
(Background change)
Host: Good afternoon! You seemed quite invested in taking photos of this Rin and Len poster for the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show.
Mother: Yes. My daughter and her friend both love them.
Daughter: But, he's in a hospital in another country. So, I'm taking pictures of the poster to send to him.
Host: So that's why you were taking so many pictures. I hope your friend likes them.
Daughter: Me too! And for their next show, we're going to watch the stream together on a video chat!
(Background change)
Host: It seems that, despite being hospitalized abroad, the friend of the girl I spoke to will be able to watch one of your livestreams with her.
Host: Using such communication tools, we can enjoy chatting with friends as if they're right by our sides.
Len: <Hehe. I've gotta do my best to make sure she and her friend both have lots of fun!>
(Black cut)
Host: Well unfortunately, that's about all the time we have.
Host: Thank you for joining us today, Len. We're all looking forward to your show.
Len: <Great! I'm gonna do my best to make this show enjoyable for everyone, whether you're at the venue, attending a screening or watching the stream!>
Len: <Okay, everybody! I'll see you at the show!>
Host: Len, thank you very much for today!
Host: And with that...
Len & Host: <Bye bye!> Goodbye!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

MEIKO, Len & Miku: ♪————! ♪————!!
Rin, Luka & KAITO: ♪————! ♪————!!
Len: All together now! Here we go!
(Black cut)
Len: See you three later!
MEIKO: Putting on a show together really is the best! It's like I get more in the spirit the longer we sing!
Miku: Me too! How about everyone here at the venue?
Miku: Wah...! So many cheers! Thanks, everyone♪
Len: How about all of you at the remote screenings and everybody watching the stream?
Comments: <I'm having so much fun!> <The call-and-response part was great!> <I'm glad we got to join in the call-and-response even with comments.>
Len: Looking pretty good! Thanks for joining the call-and-response!
Len: Oh yeah, this show is getting streamed around the world, right? So...
Len: Hey! Are you having fun?
Miku: Wow, English! Did you practice that ahead of time?
Len: Hehehe, a little! Just now, I asked everybody whether they're having fun.
Comments: <Yeah!> <Awesome!> <Sooooo fun!>
Len: Ooh, and I'm getting responses in English too! Uh... Thank you very much!
MEIKO & Miku: Thank you!
Miku: Looks like people overseas are enjoying this too.
Len: Yeah!
Len: Still, this is pretty amazing.
Len: I mean, right at this moment, people all around the world are watching our show!
Len: It's evening in Shibuya right now, but for people on the other side of the globe, it's the middle of the day, right?
Miku: Yeah, you're right.
MEIKO: In fact, there may be some people watching this later at night, or very early in the morning.
Len: Whoa...! If it was the middle of the night for me, would I actually be able to stay up until the show started...?
Len: Actually, I'm not even sure I'd be able to get up early for it.
MEIKO: Oh? Even with such a wonderfully fun show waiting for you?
Len: I mean, I get that, but...
Miku: Hehe. I'm sure some people watching our show right now did stay up late or wake up incredibly early for us.
Len: Everybody out there watching our stream! Let me say it again, thank you for coming to see our show!
Len: We're able to sing at such an incredible venue because you all listen to our songs.
Len: We're gonna keep pumping up the heat so even all of you beyond the screen can feel it!
Len: So all of you on the stream, I hope you bring the energy too in the comments!
Comments: <Of course!> <I'll enjoy every second to the fullest!>
Len: Alright, and a message for people overseas... Thank you for coming to the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show!
Len: I can sing thanks to everyone's support! Let's enjoy it together till the last!
Miku: So you came up with an English version of that part too.
Len: Yup! I put just as much effort in as I did remembering all my lyrics!
Comments: <ty, Len!> <okeyyyyy!> <Let's enjoy this!!!>
Miku: Looks like you made your feelings understood to them, Len!
Len: Yeah, I'm glad!
MEIKO: Ah, but this isn't the time to breathe a sigh of relief, is it?
MEIKO: You said we'd be pumping things up, so we need to keep that promise.
Len: Of course!
Len: Alright! I'm gonna sing my hardest!
(Black cut)
