782_Kagamine Len (MMJ)_R3 Excited For The Journey (event_111)

Gacha phrase: Rin, your hat's crooked.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Len (MMJ): Where'd Rin get to? She said she wanted to come up with some stage effects together...
Minori: Heeey, Len!
Len (MMJ): Oh... Welcome back, everyone. Wait, what?
Len (MMJ): Rin, you guys. I didn't know you were with them.
Rin (MMJ): Sorry! They said they had something really important to tell us...
Len (MMJ): Something really important?
Airi: That's right! Now that we're all here, let's tell them.
Miku (MMJ): This is so exciting. I can't wait to hear.
Minori: Okay, we'd like to announce...
Minori: That we're gonna be on TV!
Len (MMJ): Wow...! Another offer for TV! That's incredible!
MEIKO (MMJ): Yeah, things have going so well lately for you. How many shoots is this now?
Luka (MMJ): Yes, all the hard work you put in is really starting to pay dividends.
Len (MMJ): Yeah. It's great to see that you're finding so much success.
Airi: Well, we still have room to do more! After all, our next goal is to do a show at the Butokan!
Minori: Yeah, that's right! I hope this next program gets even more people interested in MORE MORE JUMP!
Len (MMJ): Sounds like you all have plenty of motivation.
KAITO (MMJ): But please be careful not to push yourselves too hard with such a busy schedule.
Airi: Thanks, we will!
Airi: However, we're going for a shoot and some R&R, so we should have plenty of time to relax.
Len (MMJ): A shoot and some R&R?
Minori: Yup! We're gonna check in at a nearby inn the day before the shoot!
Miku (MMJ): Wow, that sounds so nice! What's the inn like?
Haruka: It's called Ryusuiso. Just give me one second... Ah, this is it. Can you all see?
Rin (MMJ): Oh my gosh! It has its own hot spring?!
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, that sounds fantastic! Speaking of which, I remember hearing that inns with hot springs also usually have table tennis. Is that true for this inn...?
Rin (MMJ): What?! That sounds super fun! So you could all play against each other if you wanted?
Len (MMJ): It could be fun to break into pairs and have a doubles tournament.
Len (MMJ): Who do you think would be the best out of all of us?
Luka (MMJ): KAITO and Miku seem like they'd make a strong pair. They'd probably be unstoppable once they got on a roll.
Miku (MMJ): I have a feeling that you and MEIKO would stun us with some surprising moves, Luka!
Len (MMJ): I've got a pretty good feeling about Rin and me. Right, Rin?
Rin (MMJ): Yeah! We're not gonna let anyone beat us!
Haruka: Hehe. Now we're all excited.
Airi: I dunno if they have table tennis... But we'll let you all know when we get there.
Len (MMJ): Oh, are you sure?
Shizuku: It shouldn't be a problem. We'd like for you to get the chance to enjoy the trip with us, especially since we're going to such a lovely place.
Rin (MMJ): Woohoo! I can't wait.
Rin (MMJ): Oh, hey! Since we're going on a trip together, we should grab some outfits for ourselves from the dressing room!
Miku (MMJ): I agree! That sounds really fun♪
Miku (MMJ): Oh, can you girls give us some advice on what we should wear?
Airi: Sure thing! You're gonna look absolutely adorable once we're done♪
Rin (MMJ): Yay! Then, let's go!!
Len (MMJ): Oh...
KAITO (MMJ): Hehe. There they go.
Len (MMJ): Yeah.
Len (MMJ): Still, I get why they're so excited. It's been a while since they last got to stay over somewhere together.
Len (MMJ): Plus, they've been so busy lately. I mean, they've been working so hard.
Len (MMJ): I hope this trip ends up being really refreshing for them.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Len (MMJ): What brings you all here today, Airi?
Miku (MMJ): Oh, did you get another work offer, like the camping shoot you did recently?
Airi: Hehe. Not quite that sort of news this time.
Haruka: We brought back some souvenirs from that camping shoot, and now we're here to give them to you all.
MEIKO (MMJ): Souvenirs?
Shizuku: Yes, here they are.
Len (MMJ): Oh, aren't these hot spring manju? I remember you saying that they were really good.
Rin (MMJ): Woohoo! You remembered to bring some back!
Shizuku: Of course. We were hoping that you'd all get a chance to try these.
Minori: When we had them, we were really surprised, so I'm sure you guys—
KAITO (MMJ): Surprised?
Minori: *Gasp*
Airi: Minori...
Minori: U-Uhh, I meant...! We were really surprised by how yummy these manju were!
Minori: So, we want you all to try them as soon as possible. If you want... Ahaha...
Len (MMJ): In that case, let's have some now. I really wanna see what they taste like.
Shizuku: Then, I'll start handing them out. Here you all are.
Len (MMJ): Thanks, Shizuku. Alright, now that we all have one...
Len & Rin: Let's eat!
Len (MMJ): Oh...
Len (MMJ): There's two layers of bean paste...?!
Rin (MMJ): He's right! There's white bean paste on top and red bean paste on the bottom!
Miku (MMJ): But they're both delicious♪
Airi: Hehe. Just the reactions we were hoping for.
Haruka: We were also really surprised when we had them at the inn. Saito said that the filling was special in some way, but we weren't expecting two layers.
Minori: I know, right?! I thought mine was the only one like that, and I'd drawn a lucky manju and won a prize!
Airi: I've seen lucky popsicles, but I've never heard of a lucky manju.
Shizuku: Hehe. We wanted to surprise you all the same way, so we decided to keep it a secret. We're glad to see that you like them so much.
Airi: To be fair, Minori almost spilled the beans...
Minori: *Sob* I-I'm really sorry!
Len (MMJ): (That explains why Minori panicked there for a second.)
Len (MMJ): Still, to think that even the gift you brought would be hiding a surprise like this. There was never a dull moment on your trip.
Haruka: Never a dull moment, huh...? We did sort of end up doing a lot.
Airi: Yeah. I mean, we chopped wood and had to start a fire in such an unexpected way during our shoot.
Minori: I didn't think we'd ever get it to start... It's all my fault for having such terrible luck...
Rin (MMJ): But I thought you were really cool that time, Minori!
Len (MMJ): Yeah. You definitely made it clear that you were going to get that fire started no matter what.
Len (MMJ): We were rooting for you the entire time.
Minori: You were?! Then, maybe you were the reason our fire finally started?!
Len (MMJ): Hehe. It's nice to think that we might have ended up helping.
Luka (MMJ): Also, this shoot sounds so fun since you all experienced things that you normally wouldn't. I'm somewhat curious now.
Len (MMJ): She's right. I know that we probably couldn't go camping in the wilderness... But I really wanna try doing something like that, even in SEKAI.
Rin (MMJ): Like what, for example?
Len (MMJ): Hmm... Well... For example, we could have another training camp.
Miku (MMJ): A training camp?
Len (MMJ): It wouldn't exactly be a vacation, but we'd still get to experience something new and different...
Len (MMJ): Also, we might notice some things this time round that we couldn't before.
KAITO (MMJ): Yes, Len may be right. Doing another training camp may be a good idea.
Rin (MMJ): I'm for it too! It sounds super fun♪
MEIKO (MMJ): Hehe. That means I'll need to come up with another training regimen that pushes us all to get fitter and stronger! I wonder what to include...
Len (MMJ): Oh, MEIKO, can I help you with that? I really wanna give it a try.
MEIKO (MMJ): Huh?
Len (MMJ): I've been wondering lately if there's any way for me to help everyone.
Len (MMJ): Plus, you need to have a strong core and build up muscles in order to put on good performances. Coming up with a training regimen seems like a good place to start.
Len (MMJ): So, how about it? Mind if I help out?
MEIKO (MMJ): In that case, you're more than welcome to join me. Let's come up with something that helps everyone grow even stronger, Len!
Haruka: I think you're going to do a great job, Len.
Airi: Yeah, we'll be looking forward to seeing what you come up with!
Len (MMJ): You got it. I'm gonna come up with something really amazing!
(Black cut)
