798_Kagamine Len (WxS)_R4 Ideal Protagonist (event_114)

Gacha phrase: The protagonist should be cool and kick butt!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Rui: Thank you. This ended up being a nice break.
Len (WxS): Yeah, sure thing!
Tsukasa: Alright, we should head back! We have that meeting about the arts festival with the others!
Miku (WxS): Okay, good luck☆
Rui: Then, we'll be going. Please tell KAITO and the others we said hello.
Len (WxS): Bye bye!
Miku (WxS): Wow, an arts festival! They both sounded really excited☆
Len (WxS): Not only that, Tsukasa's the lead with Rui as the director... I bet their play's gonna be great!
Len (WxS): What do you think Nene's class is gonna do? Also a play? Oh, what if they sang as a chorus or something...?!
???: You all seem to be having a fun conversation. What's going on here?
Rin (WxS): Hey, KAITO! Oh, plus MEIKO and Luka☆ You just missed Tsukasa and Rui!
Len (WxS): Their school's holding an arts festival, and their class is gonna put on a play for it!
MEIKO (WxS): Oh, that sounds enjoyable. Have they already decided on one?
Len (WxS): Yeah, they said... They're paying homage to “The Phantom Of The Opera”!
KAITO (WxS): To “The Phantom Of The Opera”?
Len (WxS): Yeah. Apparently, their story involves rumors of a mysterious phantom hiding underground below this one popular theatre...
Len (WxS): One day, the protagonist, a young actor, decides to go investigate and find out the truth!
MEIKO (WxS): Okay, it's the same as the original so far. And then?
Len (WxS): And then...
Len (WxS): He finds himself in a grassy field that he doesn't recognize at all...!
KAITO (WxS): Hm? A grassy field...?
Len (WxS): Yeah! He was sent to another world! That's where his adventure begins, which is gonna be filled with both sadness and joy!
KAITO (WxS): I see. That's quite the twist.
Luka (WxS): It sounds like a wonderful surprise.
KAITO (WxS): Still... Ending up in a completely unfamiliar place...
KAITO (WxS): That sounds like Tsukasa and the others when we first met them.
Miku (WxS): Oh, are you talking about the first time they came to SEKAI?!
Miku (WxS): The look on Tsukasa's face when he saw me and the plushies was so priceless!
KAITO (WxS): Wasn't it? So, I think they have a good understanding of what it's actually like to be sent to another world.
Len (WxS): Right...! Then, Tsukasa's probably gonna do an amazing job as the lead!
Luka (WxS): I also wonder what Rui will decide to do as the director.
KAITO (WxS): The inclusion of another world points towards fantasy... Rui should have plenty of opportunities to wow the audience.
Rin (WxS): I kinda feel like doing a show now...
Len (WxS): Then, why don't we do one together? Something about being sent to another world!
Miku (WxS): Ooh☆ I wanna do that too!
Len (WxS): Then, let's start coming up with a story!
MEIKO (WxS): Hehe. Sounds like fun! Where would you like to be sent, Len?
Len (WxS): Me? Well...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len (WxS): If I were to choose... I'd wanna be sent to a really big school!
Rin (WxS): A big school?
Len (WxS): Yeah! A school where us, the plushies, Tsukasa, the others and all sorts of people attend as students!
Len (WxS): We'd wake up at this school to discover that we're all classmates!
Luka (WxS): Us as classmates...? Hehe. That does sound like fun.
Len (WxS): Exactly! We'd study together, hang out around campus after school...
Len (WxS): And there's the school festival! We could do a show with the plushies!
Len (WxS): But something bad would happen while preparing for it...
Rin (WxS): Something bad?
Len (WxS): A group of bad guy plushies suddenly appears! They start messing up the school and attacking our plushie friends!
Miku (WxS): Oh no! But we would've been having so much fun preparing for our show☆
Len (WxS): That's why we're gonna stand up against them as a class and drive them out!
Rin (WxS): Oh, that's really cool! We'd be the ones saving our friends and the school festival♪
Miku (WxS): Yeah, I'm getting all excited just talking about this show♪
KAITO (WxS): Nice idea, Len! It definitely sounds like a fun show.
Len (WxS): Hehe♪ Then, let's keep working on it together!
Everyone: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Len (WxS): Thanks for bringing over a copy of your movie for us, Nene!
Nene: I did promise to bring it over once it was finished. Anyway, let's watch it together.
Miku (WxS): I can't wait to see how the story we helped you come up with turned out☆
Emu: A film directed by Nene! I'm so excited!
Nene: Quit playing up the whole “director” thing... Okay, I'm hitting play now.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Narrator: “Far in the future... A series of disasters has led humanity to the brink of extinction...”
(Black cut)
Wandering Cook (Akito): “I'm just a humble cook...”
(Background change)
Emu: Wow, it's Akito!
(Background change)
(Background change)
Len (WxS): Whoa! Did you see that roundhouse kick?! I could hear his leg go all whoosh!
Rin (WxS): The Dark Cook got blown away by that blast! That was so cool☆
Rui: Hehe. No matter how many times I see it, the cinematography here astounds me. Taking this scene using drones makes it feel so much more dramatic.
Tsukasa: Yes, it has quite the impact! This must've been very hard to actually pull off, no?
Len (WxS): (Cool, strong heroes like this really are awesome! I wanna know what he does next on his journey!)
Len (WxS): (I also wanna play a character like him...)
(Black cut)

[After the screening]

Nene: Thank you all for watching...
Len (WxS): Thank you for showing us! It was a great film, Nene! I'm glad we got to see it!
Len (WxS): Time really flies by when you're having fun! The hero was so cool, and so were the stunts...!
Rin (WxS): Oh, Nene! Are you gonna make a sequel?!
Nene: Huh? A sequel?
Nene: Sorry... I really appreciate the interest, but I doubt that's gonna happen.
KAITO (WxS): Yes, that's understandable... This involved your entire class, so it won't be easy to make another one...
Miku (WxS): Then, let's make it ourselves☆
Len (WxS): Huh...?
Nene: Wait, you guys are gonna make it...?
Miku (WxS): Yup☆ What do you guys think?!
MEIKO (WxS): Sure. It could be fun to make a film for a change instead of putting on shows!
Rin (WxS): Yeah, I'm in too♪
Len (WxS): Then, I wanna play the Wandering Cook!
Len (WxS): I'm gonna play a super cool hero like him!
Miku (WxS): Okay♪ Then, Len can be our hero☆
MEIKO (WxS): Alright, what else do we need to do?
Rin (WxS): I wanna be the director☆ That's such a cool title!
KAITO (WxS): Then, I'll be behind the camera... Let's do our best to make our actors look as good as we can, Rin.
Len (WxS): I'll be counting on you two!
Tsukasa: This is starting to sound like a lot of fun!
Rui: Hehe. Alright, I'll need to bring over some film equipment that you can all use.
Emu: Oh, and the clapperboard! You've gotta say, “Action!”♪
Len (WxS): Nene, you're gonna be the first one to watch it once it's done!
Len (WxS): It's gonna be so cool! And just as good as the one your class made, if not better!
Nene: Okay, then... I'll be looking forward to seeing it.
(Black cut)
