839_Kagamine Len_RB Happy Anniversary! 2024

Gacha phrase: Thank you for thinking this up for me!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len)

[Len and Rin's anniversary]

[Scramble Crossing]

Mizuki: I think it should be okay now, Kanade.
Kanade: I think so too.
Kanade: Thank you for waiting, Len.
Len (N25): <Um, Kanade... And everyone... Thank you.>
Len (N25): <Thank you for taking me shopping on my anniversary...>
Mizuki: Hahaha. You're welcome♪
Ena: Besides, we're the ones who should be thanking you. This'll make for a nice break.
Mafuyu: Why are you looking at me?
Ena: Because you're the one who needs it the most.
Kanade: By the way, where's Rin? It's also her anniversary. I thought we were going to look for a gift together...
Len (N25): <Um...>
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rin (N25): Cake...
Len (N25): Huh?
Rin (N25): They're taking you shopping because you don't know what you want, right?
Rin (N25): But I've already decided, so I don't need to go.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanade: I see. Rin would like cake.
Ena: There're so many different kinds, though...
Mizuki: That's where we come in, isn't it? We should be able to pick a cake to Rin's exact preferences!
Mafuyu: ...
Kanade: Mafuyu? What's wrong?
Mafuyu: Look over there. Len's on screen.
Ena, Len & Mizuki: Huh? <Huh?>
(Background change)
Len: <Hello everyone! It's me, Kagamine Len and...>
Rin: <Kagamine Rin! You haven't forgotten our anniversary event today, have you?>
Len: <In the chat segments, we'll be interviewing each other!>
Rin: <You'll also be able to watch it on livestream, so I hope you can make it!>
Len: <Alright, we'll be waiting on stage!>
Len & Rin: <See you later!>
(Background change)
Ena: Oh, you meant the Rin and Len over here. I freaked out when you said Len was on screen.
Len (N25): <Um... I didn't know the me in your world is having a celebration too.>
Kanade: Yes. It seems like they do it every year.
Len (N25): <I see...>
Len (N25): <I know that it's a different version of me, but... I'm happy for him.>
Kanade: You really are kind, Len.
Mizuki: Alright, I think it's now time to go get a gift for our Len!
Ena: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len (N25): <Wow... There's so many CDs. I wouldn't know which one to pick.>
Mizuki: In that case, let's pick something based on the cover! Shall we try that out?
(Black cut)
Kanade: Hmm... I made my choice after imagining what sort of cover you would like, Len, but...
Len (N25): <Oh, yours has a photo on it. Mizuki's and Ena's have illustrations, and Mafuyu's...>
Mizuki: Is super simple! I would've never thought they'd just have the album title on a plain white cover.
Ena: We're supposed to be picking something as Len's potential gift. You could've picked something cuter.
Mafuyu: But everyone said to just pick one that seemed interesting...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ena: It's not like it gets cold in SEKAI... But do you like these kinds of faux fur scarves or hats?
Len (N25): <Faux fur?>
Mafuyu: It's a type of fabric that mimics the texture of animal fur with different materials.
Mizuki: Hey Kanade, explain to Len what sort of texture it is.
Kanade: Wait, me? Um...
Kanade: It's soft, shiny... And smooth?
Mizuki: Ooh! I was just fooling around, but you totally nailed it!
Len (N25): <Soft, shiny and smooth...>
Ena: Since we're already here, let's go buy one of these and have you feel it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Empty SEKAI]

Rin (N25): Oh, you're back.
Mafuyu: I didn't know you were here too, Miku.
Mizuki: Rin! We got a super delicious-looking cake for you♪
Rin (N25): What kind is it?
Mizuki: Hold on one sec. I'll open it for you now.
Miku (N25): Did you find something you like, Len?
Len (N25): Yeah. Oh, um... Everyone picked a CD based on the jacket for me.
Len (N25): Each person picked a CD, and then I got to pick the one I liked the most.
Kanade: Looks like Len had fun. I'm glad.
Mafuyu: Me too.
Mizuki: Hey, you guys! Rin said she wants to have the cake!
Ena: It's a little early in the day for that, but...
Ena: I guess we shouldn't keep one of the stars of the day waiting either. Shall we just go ahead and start celebrating now?
Len (N25): Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[VIRTUAL SINGER Stage]

Len: Hey everyone, sorry for the wait!
Len: It's now time for my half of me and Rin's anniversary event!
Rin: I'm so glad everyone seems to still be pumped!
Luka: Yes. How about all of you watching on stream?
Len: Hey! You guys are still fired up to go, right?
Comments: <You bet!> <I'm so hyped!> <Good luck, everyone!>
Len: Hehehe. Thanks for the support!
Len: Alright, let's sing, sing and sing! We can't lose to everyone's energy!
Rin & Co.: Yeah! Yes!
(Black cut)
Len: ♪——! ♪————!!
Miku: Sing along with us, everyone♪ Here we go!
Len & Miku: ♪——! ♪————!
(Black cut)
KAITO: Alright, put your hands in the air! Let's wave together.
KAITO: One, two, three!  One, two, three!
Len: Oooh! Looking good, you guys!
MEIKO: For everyone watching on stream, please feel free to join in!
MEIKO: Okay, it's time for the real deal!
MEIKO, Len & KAITO: Start the music!
(Black cut)
Len: Thanks, you guys! Go rest until the prep for the next song is all done!
Rin: In the meantime, we'll be doing the long-awaited interview!
Len: Let's recap!
Len: In Rin's half, I asked her a bunch of questions, but this time it'll be reversed.
Rin: I'll be asking Len the questions you guys sent in for him!
Rin: Okay... I think we definitely have to start with this one!
Rin: Question number one! “How do you feel celebrating another anniversary?”
Len: Without a doubt, super happy! I mean, so many people have wished me a happy anniversary.
Len: There's no way I wouldn't be happy! I have people celebrating with me right here, but there's also people joining in through the stream!
Rin: I totally get how you feel! It's so hard not to smile when everyone wishes you a happy anniversary!
Len: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Rin: Okay, last question! “Strike us your coolest pose, Len!”
Len: Hahaha! Was that even a question?
Rin: Well, I thought it would spice things up. Alright, stand in the middle of the stage and show everyone!
Len: You got it! Hmm, a cool pose, huh?
Len: Alright, I know the one!
Len: Okay, here I go! Feast your eyes on this!
Len: Hehe. What do you think? Pretty cool, right?
Len: I'm so relieved! I totally wasn't sure how I was gonna do after a sudden request like that...
Len: Whoa! Why is it dark?
Miku: That's because... It's time for a surprise♪
Len: Ah...!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000263/bg_s000263.webp)
Miku: Happy anniversary, Len! Also, great job being the main MC!
Miku: I hope I've been able to help you out in making sure everyone has a great time.
Miku: We're entering the finale of the show now, so I'll be doing everything I can to help out until the very end!
Luka: Happy anniversary, Len. The pose you did just now was wonderful.
Luka: You moved so much during the dancing, chants and shout-outs that I wondered if this is what it means to be bursting with energy.
KAITO: When you called out to the audience, you even jumped and waved repeatedly so that the people at the back could see you.
KAITO: I also wanted to add to the energy of you and Rin's anniversary, so I went all out. Have an absolutely amazing anniversary, Len!
MEIKO: Happy anniversary, Len!
MEIKO: I don't know whether you're immune to fatigue or you just keep getting more and more energetic!
MEIKO: I better not get complacent! I'm gonna hype it up until the very end!
Rin: Happy anniversary, Len!
Rin: You and I have been together for a veeery long time, and it's funny how we either butt heads like crazy or are two peas in a pod!
Rin: But even when we do disagree with each other, I learn more about you and other ways of thinking, which is actually really fun!
Rin: That's why I hope we can continue being close just the way we are!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rin: Okay everyone, let's wish Len a happy anniversary! Here we go!
Rin: Happy anniversary, Len!
Miku & Co.: Happy anniversary!
Len: Wow!
Len: Thank you, everyone!
Len: I knew that I was going to get anniversary messages, but I didn't think I'd get them like that!
Len: I'm sure you guys spent a lot of time thinking about how to surprise me with your messages.
Len: Hehehe. It might seem like something small, but it means a lot to me that you'd put in this much thought just for me! Thank you so much!
Miku: Hehe. You're very welcome♪
Rin: Len! Let's sprint to the finish!
Len: Yeah! Let's make this the best anniversary ever!
(Black cut)
