981_Kagamine Len_R4 Always The Best Partners (event_140)

Gacha phrase: Guess they've been good partners since day one.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Kagamine Len, MEIKO)

[Between Worlds]

Len: Let's see... Miku said she'd be around here somewhere...
Len: Aha...!
Len: There you are, MEIKO! I finally found you!
MEIKO: Hello, Len. Were you looking for me just now?
Len: Yup. I wanted to ask you about that fragment.
Len: Remember how we got separated after being sent over to that SEKAI together?
Len: Can you tell me more about where you went after we got split up?
MEIKO: Of course.
MEIKO: Then, can you tell me about what happened on your end as well?
Len: Okay!
(Black cut)
Len: So, while I was witnessing how Akito and Toya first met, you were with An the whole time?
MEIKO: Yes, that's right. She practiced and performed in events all by herself, while looking very hard for someone she could call her partner.
Len: I see...
Len: But that must've been really hard. I mean, she didn't meet Kohane until high school, right?
Len: Which means... She kept searching for over two years?
MEIKO: Right...
MEIKO: Not only did she struggle to find a good partner, she had to deal with a lot of naysayers.
Len: Naysayers?
MEIKO: Yes. That fragment only allowed me to catch glimpses of what happened up until she met Kohane...
MEIKO: But I was able to see how people's thoughts regarding RAD WEEKEND changed on Vivid Street as more and more time progressed.
MEIKO: Immediately following it, a lot of people wanted to put on an event that would surpass it. But it would soon turn into “that legendary night”, which nobody would ever surpass.
Len: Oh...
MEIKO: As the competition increased, and as people began to try harder and harder, both the performers and their audience slowly began coming to terms with a harsh reality.
MEIKO: Putting on an event that surpasses RAD WEEKEND would be impossibly difficult.
Len: Right... So, everyone around her...
MEIKO: As more and more began to revere RAD WEEKEND as “that legendary night”, the number of people hoping to surpass it dwindled significantly.
Len: ...
Len: Trying to find a partner who'd allow her to surpass that night must've been so hard...
MEIKO: Yes, very hard.
MEIKO: But hard work and dedication ultimately pays off.
Len: Yeah, because she found the best partner she could've asked for in Kohane!
MEIKO: This sort of applies to everyone in all the other SEKAI too, but fate, it seems, has a strange sense of humor...
MEIKO: Actually, Len, do you know the story behind how Kohane and An met?
Len: Umm... Kohane got lost on her way back from the store, stumbled upon a cafe where she happened to hear someone singing and decided to go in, right?
MEIKO: Right.
MEIKO: So, imagine if her mother hadn't asked her to go out and buy that CD...
MEIKO: Or if she hadn't gotten lost after taking that back alley.
Len: And what if An wasn't singing there?!
Len: No, this is An we're talking about... She was basically singing every day, right?
MEIKO: Hehe. True.
Len: Still, what are the odds? Do you think their feelings had anything to do with them meeting?
Len: Oh, what if their feelings made Kohane's mom ask her to go buy that CD...?!
MEIKO: I really can't say...
Len: Haha! Yeah...
MEIKO: In that sense, them meeting could be considered a miracle.
MEIKO: Or Nagi slowly nudged them closer and closer together as she watched them from up above.
Len: Their next goal is to stand on top of the world, right?
MEIKO: Yes, they really do like to dream big, don't they?
Len: But I bet they'll succeed!
Len: (I'll be rooting for you guys from SEKAI, so go show the world what you've got!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

Len: You two seem to be enjoying yourselves.
Rin: Hi, Len!
KAITO: We were just seeing how everyone in the band SEKAI was doing.
Rin: They were all having fun playing badminton using the equipment they borrowed from Ichika and the others!
Len: Oh, badminton?! That does sound like fun!
KAITO: So, Len, what were you doing just now? Luka told us that you'd gone somewhere...
Len: I was also checking to see how the other versions of us were doing in their SEKAI.
Len: I started with idol me. Then, I went over to see timid me.
Rin: Really?! How were they?
Len: Both SEKAI seemed pretty peaceful and relaxed.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rin (MMJ): Mhm... No... Right foot first... Then your left...
Rin (MMJ): Zzz... Zzz...
Len (MMJ): Nice work today, Rin. I know you're all tuckered out after staying behind to keep practicing that dance.
Len (MMJ): So, keep resting for as long as you like.
Len (MMJ): Also, I'll get you a blanket. I wouldn't want you to catch a cold or anything.
Len (MMJ): Just give me one second, Rin.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
KAITO: Idol Len seems like such a nice person.
Len: He is! I know he's me, but I'm kinda starting to admire him because he's so cool and suave.
KAITO: I know what you mean. My idol counterpart makes me feel the same way.
Rin: Hey, don't forget that I'm here, you guys. Tell us more about that other SEKAI.
Len: Yeah, sure. So...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Luka (N25): Oh, why don't we run an experiment to see if talking about someone behind their back actually makes them sneeze?
Len (N25): Huh...? Umm...
Rin (N25): No thanks...
Luka (N25): Oh, you're no fun...
Luka (N25): Don't either of you want to talk about MEIKO or KAITO? You may even get to see them sneeze.
Miku (N25): Do you just want to see them sneeze, Luka...?
Luka (N25): Yes, I'm deeply invested.
Luka (N25): I have a feeling that MEIKO's sneezes are cute and dainty, while KAITO's are...
Rin (N25): Sorry, Luka, but we've already made plans to meet Ena by the lake...
Luka (N25): Plans?
Miku (N25): Yes, she's going to give us an art lesson...
Rin (N25): If you're bored enough to come up with silly experiments, then why don't you come with us...?
Luka (N25): Hehe. You saw right through me.
Luka (N25): In that case, I think I will join you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rin: Oh, Luka ended up going with them?!
KAITO: I know she was just trying to pass the time, but they all seem very close.
KAITO: Still, Len, you were right. Every SEKAI seems very peaceful today.
Len: Yeah.
Len: Because they're in such a peaceful state, we kinda don't need to keep an eye on them right now...
Len: But I can't seem to stop myself from wondering what's happening.
Len: I really enjoy seeing them having fun together. It always puts a smile on my face, y'know?
KAITO: Sounds to me like you care quite a bit about how the you of those other SEKAI are doing.
Rin: They are always doing their best for the owners of the feelings.
Rin: So, I want them to take this opportunity to have as much fun as they can!
Len: Me too!
(Black cut)
