1036_Kagamine Len (WxS)_R4 Cheers ☆ For ☆ You! (event_149)

Gacha phrase: Go, go, go Nene!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Emu Otori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Len (WxS): Tsukasa and the others are probably doing their best at the Morinomiya Music Academy right now.
Len (WxS): They said it's a really amazing school, so I hope they get to experience lots of different things.
Len (WxS): Hmm... I also wanna do something that can help me become a better actor, but I don't know what...
Len (WxS): Wait a second... Nene said that she's gonna be auditioning for a role!
Len (WxS): You can learn a lot by watching a bunch of different people play the same character, so I might give that a try.
Emu: Hi, Len! How are you!
Len (WxS): Emu! Welcome!
Len (WxS): You were at Morinomiya today, right? Are you all done for the day?
Emu: Yup♪ I've been learning a ton about how they run things!
Emu: But I'm taking a quick break! I don't get to work on my acting while I'm with them, so I'm gonna practice on my own now♪
Len (WxS): Really?! Then, let's practice together.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Len (WxS): Oh... I know...!
Len (WxS): Say, Emu! Let's try auditioning... No, actually... Wanna have an acting contest with me?
Emu: An acting contest?
Len (WxS): Yeah! I want to do more stuff that can help me become a better actor!
Len (WxS): And just now, I thought that a contest would allow me to see a bunch of different people play the same character!
Emu: Wow, that sounds like fun☆ You're a genius, Len!
Len (WxS): Hehe. The truth is, you playing Ushiwakamaru is what gave me the idea!
Len (WxS): By holding a contest like this, I feel like I can learn a lot about how to act cool or cute or elegant! What do you say?
Emu: It sounds like a lot of fun! So, Len, you can count me in!
Len (WxS): Thanks! Then, let's go over and ask KAITO to see if we can use the stage!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO (WxS): I see. An acting contest.
KAITO (WxS): I think it's a wonderful idea, so let's run with it.
Len (WxS): Woohoo! Thanks, KAITO!
KAITO (WxS): Then, let's start by deciding the overall framework for it. That includes coming up with the rules, categories and such.
Len & Emu: Okay! Okay♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Len (WxS): Extra! Extra! This just in, Len and Emu are holding an acting contest in SEKAI!
Len (WxS): All those who wish to learn more about acting are welcome to join! Take a flyer to find out more details♪
Miku (WxS): Wow! An acting contest?! Can I have a flyer?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Extra! Extra! Len and Emu are holding an acting contest in SEKAI!
Emu: Everybody with confidence in acting cool, cute or elegant is welcome to join!
Doggie Plushie: Hi, Emu! You're passing out flyers?
MEIKO (WxS): Something fun must be happening! Would you mind giving me one as well?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
KAITO (WxS): Welcome back, you two! Did everyone take a flyer?
Len (WxS): Yeah! A lot of them even said that they wanted to join, so we've got tons and tons more participants now!
Emu: MEIKO and the plushies all said that they wanted to join in on the fun♪
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. Then, I think we're in for a very lively contest.
Len (WxS): Hehe. Now we need to pick a good script for it, right?!
KAITO (WxS): Right. Would you two be okay with helping out a little while longer?
Len & Emu: Yeah!
KAITO (WxS): Wonderful!
KAITO (WxS): While you two were passing out flyers, I tried searching for some suitable manuscripts...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[SEKAI Acting Contest]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Len (WxS): Listen up, everyone! That includes all of you participating in this contest, and all of you guys in the audience!
Emu: The SEKAI Acting Contest, the Len & Emu Cup, will begin momentarily!
Rin (WxS): Woohoo♪
Len (WxS): First, allow me to explain the rules for this contest. Each category will have its own script, and you'll be tasked with reciting lines from it.
Emu: You can't go changing the lines entirely, but you can adjust them a little if you want to!
Len (WxS): Right! Which means ad-libbing is allowed!
Len (WxS): Next, we have our judges. KAITO and the others will each score contestants based on a ten-point scale.
Emu: Thank you for doing this, KAITO! And you guys for agreeing to help him, Tsukasa, Nene, Rui!
Tsukasa: Of course we agreed to help. You didn't honestly think we'd pass up such a fun event, did you?
Nene: Plus, the scripts you guys picked for these categories all seemed really good.
Rui: Yes, I think we're all looking forward to seeing everyone's performances.
Len (WxS): Then, let's get this contest started!
Emu: Our first category is... “Cuteness”! Let's go!
(Black cut)

[[Cuteness Category]]

Miku (WxS): “Oh, those cookies look so yummy♪”
(Black cut)
Luka (WxS): “Can I have one? Please...”
(Black cut)
Rin (WxS): “Pretty please with sugar on top! Just one... That's okay, right☆”
(Black cut)
Nene: They've definitely all come up with plans as to how they're going to capture everyone's hearts with their cuteness.
Tsukasa: Yes, despite each performance only being a few lines long, they were all very compelling. Next, we have...
Len (WxS): Entry number seven! Kagamine Len! Thank you for having me.
Len (WxS): “Oh, those cookies look so yummy♪”
Len (WxS): “Can I have one? Please?”
Len (WxS): “...”
Len (WxS): “Pretty please with sugar on top! Just one is okay, right☆”
KAITO (WxS): Oh, I liked the way he paused for a second there!
Rui: Yes, he used his eyes very well there just now. If he acted that way in front of me, I'd probably give him all the cookies instead of just one.
(Black cut)

[[Elegance Category]]

MEIKO (WxS): “What...? Of course I have a conscience. I am human, after all.”
MEIKO (WxS): “But all is fair in love and war. If it means getting that man to notice me, then I am willing to do anything.”
Tsukasa: The story of a female spy who is willing to resort to any means in order to complete her mission, for the one she loves. What a bewitching performance!
Nene: Yeah, MEIKO really knows how to look and act beautiful. What did you think, Rui—
Nene: Huh? Luka?
Luka (WxS): Hehe. Rui's over there...♪
Rui: Entry number X. Rui Kamishiro. Thank you for having me!
Nene: What?!
Rui: “What...?”
Rui: “Of course I have a conscience. Even... Even I am human, after all!”
Rui: “But all is fair in love and war! If it means getting that man to notice me...”
Rui: “Then I am willing to do...anything...”
Tsukasa: What...?! No fair, Rui! I want to be in this contest too!
(Black cut)

[[Coolness Category]]

Emu: Entry number eight! Emu Otori!
Emu: “It's not that I'm too strong to give up.”
Emu: “It's because heroes aren't supposed to give up.”
KAITO (WxS): Interesting. She chose to shine a light on how heroes can feel very lonely at times, because they can't afford to show any weakness.
Rui: Yes, and the way she presented her character's resolve to keep being a hero was very cool. She definitely deserves some points for that.
Nene: Hey, we're missing someone again.
Tsukasa: Entry number X2! Tsukasa Tenma! Here we go!
Miku, Rin, Luka & MEIKO: You can do it♪
(Black cut)
Len (WxS): Thank you all for participating in the SEKAI Acting Contest! I really learned a lot watching your performances!
Emu: Yeah, me too!
Miku (WxS): Thanks for doing this for us, Len, Emu☆ That was really fun!
Nene: Also, congratulations on winning the Cuteness and Coolness categories.
Len & Emu: Thanks!
KAITO (WxS): You also put on a stellar performance, Tsukasa. And you were so close. Just one point behind Emu.
Tsukasa: I already had a rough idea of how I'd play that character.
Tsukasa: But I certainly would've worked on it more if I knew that we were allowed to jump in at the last minute.
Rin (WxS): You also came close in the Elegance category, Rui!
Rui: Yes, I couldn't quite match MEIKO's performance, but it was nice to be able to apply what I've learned at Morinomiya about playing a female character.
MEIKO (WxS): Right. Kikyogumi may consist of only boys, but you still play female characters.
KAITO (WxS): Congratulations again to the both of you, Len, Emu! Bravo!
Len (WxS): Thanks for helping us out with this, KAITO! We never would've been able to compete in it ourselves if you hadn't.
Len (WxS): And thanks again for agreeing to do this with me, Emu!
Emu: No, I should be the one thanking you! I was able to learn so many new things about acting because of you!
Emu: And it's two birds with one stone in my case, since I got to run an actual contest☆
Emu: So, Len, thank you very much!
Len (WxS): Hehe! You're welcome!
(Black cut)
