1106_Kagamine Len (MMJ)_R4 Sending An Extra Special Heart (event_156)

Gacha phrase: Can you feel the love?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

KAITO (MMJ): Looks like we're all here.
Len (MMJ): You said you wanted to discuss something important. Were you talking about...?
KAITO (MMJ): Yes, I'd like to discuss what we'll be doing for Valentine's Day, since it's coming up soon.
KAITO (MMJ): We've already decided to put on a show during the day of, but we haven't really hammered out the details yet.
Luka (MMJ): We have to come up with a set list and effects... It's a special occasion, so it would be nice to do something a little different.
Miku (MMJ): Different... What if we threw in some Valentine's Day activities in between songs?
Rin (MMJ): Yeah, I bet everyone would love that♪
MEIKO (MMJ): I agree. But what would count as a Valentine's Day activity?
Miku (MMJ): Something involving chocolates is what immediately comes to mind for me...
KAITO (MMJ): Right... I am thinking about including a few songs about chocolate in the set list, but other ideas would also be nice to have.
MEIKO (MMJ): What else is central to Valentine's Day...? Confessing to someone you care about?
Len (MMJ): Oh, what about hearts? We could do something involving those?
Rin (MMJ): Yeah, that'd be great! And really cute!
Luka (MMJ): Not only is it a wonderful idea, it also suits who we are as idols.
Miku (MMJ): Yes, I like it as well!
KAITO (MMJ): Then, let's come up with an activity involving hearts, shall we?
MEIKO (MMJ): Hearts... Hearts...
Rin (MMJ): Oh, we can have a contest to see who can draw the most hearts in a short amount of time!
Len (MMJ): Drawing lots of hearts together does sound like fun.
Luka (MMJ): Still, since we're doing this, I feel that we should do something for the audience.
Rin (MMJ): Yeah, good point! We shouldn't be the ones having all the fun.
Miku (MMJ): The audience...
Miku (MMJ): Oh, what if we made hearts for them?
Len (MMJ): If we made hearts for them?
Miku (MMJ): Yes, we'll take turns doing heart-themed poses for them♪ We can even make it a contest to see who receives the best response.
KAITO (MMJ): Yes, that's an excellent idea!
KAITO (MMJ): I'd also like to see your poses! I'm getting excited just thinking about them.
MEIKO (MMJ): Yes, making hearts for everyone does sound like a wonderful idea♪
Len (MMJ): And it has a Valentine's Day feel to it.
KAITO (MMJ): Then, why don't we go with that?
Everyone: Yeah! Yes.
KAITO (MMJ): Excellent. Then, let's start coming up with the set list next...
(Black cut)

[One hour later]

Len (MMJ): (Thank goodness we were able to figure out the plan for our show.)
Len (MMJ): (Now we just need to practice as much as we can until the day of, and work on our activity...)
Len (MMJ): Making hearts for the audience... What kind of pose should I do?
Len (MMJ): I can use just my fingers, or my hands... If I used both my hands, then I could use my fingers in different ways.
Len (MMJ): And place them in some unique positions as I pose.
Len (MMJ): Do I make a heart in front of my face and smile... Or in front of my chest and smile... I feel like somewhere near my face would look the cutest...
Len (MMJ): But I should give this some more thought.
Len (MMJ): We're supposed to make hearts, so I sorta just naturally started thinking about cute poses...
Len (MMJ): But Miku and Rin are gonna be way better at that. I mean, these are the kinds of poses they would do.
Len (MMJ): Everyone would probably like it if I did something in a bit of a different direction.
Len (MMJ): Yeah, that should make it feel more fun and unique. So, let's go with that.
(Black cut)
Len (MMJ): Alright, I think I've got a plan.
Len (MMJ): Based on how everyone sees me, I should be going for something stylish.
Len (MMJ): My pose won't just be cute. I'll also be trying to look cool and elegant...
Len (MMJ): I'll keep working on it, but it might be a good idea for me to ask for an outside opinion too.
Len (MMJ): Hmm... Who knows a lot about striking good poses...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Len (MMJ): I guess Shizuku is the best person to ask.
Len (MMJ): I'll go see if she can help.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Stage SEKAI]

Miku (MMJ): Welcome to our Valentine's Day show, everyone!
MEIKO (MMJ): It's that special day when you show your appreciation for those around you!
Luka (MMJ): We hope you enjoy our performance of gratitude until the very end.
KAITO (MMJ): Let's get started, everyone!
Rin (MMJ): Happy Valentine's Day, everyone in the front♪
Len (MMJ): Happy Valentine's Day, everyone in the back!
Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku: Happy Valentine's Day♪
Minori: That was just the first song, but everyone's going nuts!
Airi: They're going all-in on the fan interaction, even while singing.
Haruka: Yeah, they're really after everyone's hearts.
Shizuku: I'm looking forward to seeing how things unfold from here.
Rin (MMJ): Alright, let's keep raising the temperature!
Len (MMJ): Here comes our next song!
(Black cut)

[Halfway through the show]

Miku (MMJ): Thank you all very much!
KAITO (MMJ): Okay, this seems like a good place for us to do our special Valentine's Day activity!
MEIKO (MMJ): Yay♪ It's time for the heart pose contest♪
Miku (MMJ): We'll now take turn striking poses which involve hearts in some way.
Len (MMJ): It's a competition to see who does the best pose.
Luka (MMJ): We put quite a lot of thought into our poses, so we hope you enjoy them♪
Minori: Oh, this sounds like fun!
Haruka: We also stand to learn quite a lot.
KAITO (MMJ): Okay, let's draw straws to see who goes first.
Len (MMJ): (I'm going last. That means my pose will be the freshest in everyone's minds.)
Len (MMJ): (Unless one of the others does something similar. Then it'll end up being extra awkward for me...)
Len (MMJ): (But I came up with a pose that I think everyone is going to enjoy. So, I've just gotta do my best...!)
Miku (MMJ): Okay, I'm up first!
Miku (MMJ): Let's make some fun and exciting memories together! This heart is just for you♪
Minori: Wow! Thank you for making such a cute heart!
Airi: She made a heart in front of her chest using her hands... It's pretty standard, but she nailed it.
Len (MMJ): (Miku went with a standard, cute pose.)
Len (MMJ): (She knows her strengths, and she pulled off her pose beautifully.)
KAITO (MMJ): I'm not about to let Miku walk away with this.
KAITO (MMJ): I want you all to have the best Valentine's Day ever! So, don't take your eyes off of me today!
Len (MMJ): (He made a heart with his fingers and winked. More of a cool pose that goes along with his personality.)
Len (MMJ): (It hits a different appeal from Miku's, and everyone seems to be enjoying it.)
Luka (MMJ): Nicely done, KAITO♪
Rin (MMJ): Yay! You looked really cool, KAITO!
MEIKO (MMJ): Alright, we also have some incredible poses in store for you!
(Black cut)
Rin (MMJ): Hehe. Thanks, you guys!
Len (MMJ): (Luka went with something more grown-up, while MEIKO focused on looking beautiful.)
Len (MMJ): (And Rin was full of energy... They're all expressing themselves really well through their poses.)
KAITO (MMJ): Last but not least, Len.
Len (MMJ): Yeah, I'm ready.
Len (MMJ): (I need to use the momentum they've built up to strike a good pose.)
Len (MMJ): Thanks for all your support! You guys are the best!
Shizuku: What an incredible response...!
Minori: He made a heart on his cheek and winked...! That was a great pose, Len!
Haruka: That was cute, but also kind of cool at the same time.
Airi: And he acted totally natural. It was almost unfair how cute he looked...
KAITO (MMJ): Okay, we've all done our poses now.
MEIKO (MMJ): Let's see who struck the best one.
Luka (MMJ): Yes, but... I'm fairly certain that we all know who won.
KAITO (MMJ): The winner of our heart pose contest is...
KAITO (MMJ): Len!
Len (MMJ): Thanks, you guys! I'm glad you all enjoyed our Valentine's Day activity!
(Black cut)

[After the show]

Minori: That was such an amazing show, you guys!
Airi: The performance was incredible too, but the way you interacted with your fans was outstanding.
Haruka: I agree. That was a great way to show your fans just how much you appreciate them.
Miku (MMJ): Thank you! I'm glad you all enjoyed the show♪
Shizuku: And your posing contest was also very fun. Congratulations on your win, Len.
Len (MMJ): Hehe. Thanks.
Minori: Your pose was so good, Len! Actually, all of you did an amazing job. We really learned a lot.
MEIKO (MMJ): Oh, that's so kind of you. I'd love to hear more of your thoughts.
Minori: Sure! Let's see... Well, I think...
Shizuku: Nice work, Len. Your pose turned out even better than when we practiced.
Len (MMJ): I really appreciate it, Shizuku. I never would've been able to do that without your help.
Len (MMJ): So, thank you. I'm really glad that I asked you for your advice.
Shizuku: Len...
Shizuku: You're welcome. I'm also glad that I was able to help you like this.
(Black cut)
