49_Tsukasa Tenma_R1 Headed For Stardom!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Kamiyama High School - Courtyard]

Tsukasa: Now, where shall I enjoy my most elegant luncheon? Hm?
Tsukasa: Ooh, I behold a breezy place illuminated by sunbeams filtered through the foliage. It is as if it's a natural spotlight made to shine on me!
Tsukasa: Perfect. The perfect place for my most elegant luncheon. I'm impressed by myself for finding this amazing place!
Tsukasa: Now, a handkerchief to prevent my uniform from getting dirty...
Tsukasa: Hmph, how very gentlemanly of me.
Tsukasa: And now it is time to enjoy my elegant luncheon... Hm? What is this little black dot in the air...
Tsukasa: I can't really see because it's too small—GAAAAAAH!!!
Tsukasa: S-S-S-Spider?!
Tsukasa: Stay away! Stay away from me! I found this place first! There are so many other trees here you can climb on! Get away from me!
Tsukasa: Ugh! It's suspended in midair completely motionless... No wait, if it moves, it may fall on my handkerchief just underneath!
Tsukasa: D-Drats... What should I do?!
Akito: Oh, that place under the tree looks like a nice place for a nap. Huh, someone's already there?
Tsukasa: Wait, wait, wait, wait! Don't come any lower! That's my handkerchief right there!
Akito: Oh, it's just him. What a nuisance.
Akito: Well, I have some time. Lemme go wind him up a little.
Akito: Tsukasa! What are you doing over there? And why're you all hunched up like that?
Tsukasa: Hunched up?! How can you say that, when I'm so valiantly trying to confront this unscrupulous spider preventing me from enjoying my luncheon?!
Akito: Spider? You're afraid of spiders?
Tsukasa: N-Not at all! I'm just trying to prevent this infernal bug from contaminating my precious handkerchief...
Akito: Handkerchief? Where's the spider, anyway?
Tsukasa: Right there! Look, it's just over there!
Akito: I don't see anything.
Tsukasa: You're not looking hard enough! Look again!
Akito: Oh, there it is.
Tsukasa: See? Look at how it's swaying around like it owns the place!
Akito: It's just a small little dot you can hardly see, there's no need to be so bothered by—
Tsukasa: Of course I'm bothered! A small spider is still a spider!
Akito: (Sigh... I was gonna just tease him a little, but it's kinda anticlimactic when he's already shrieking like that.)
Akito: You just want it to move somewhere else, right? Caught it.
Akito: There, I put it in the bush over there. It's gone now.
Tsukasa: Y-You saved me...
Akito: Well, I'll be off now.
Tsukasa: Hey, wait! Allow me to share some of my luncheon with you as a token of appreciation for saving me from that terror.
Akito: Luncheon? Oh, you talking about your lunchbox?
Tsukasa: Luncheon, you plebeian! Anyway, go ahead and take any side dish that catches your fancy.
Akito: Okay, if you insist...
Akito: Whoa, what's with this unnecessarily fancy-looking lunch? There's melon...and even a small slice of cake...
Akito: I'll take this cheesecake, then.
Tsukasa: Ugh, I was going to have that as dessert after the meal... But, it's fine. I did say it was a token of appreciation.
Akito: Thanks.
Tsukasa: Wait! You just touched a spider's web. Wipe your hand with this first.
Akito: A wet wipe? You're surprisingly prim and proper, huh.
Tsukasa: It's common sense to wash your hands and rinse your mouth before meals!
Tsukasa: Good, I see you've wiped your hands. You may eat now!
Akito: Thanks for the cake!
Tsukasa: Savor it slowly, understand?
Akito: Yeah, yeah.
Tsukasa: Just say it once!
Akito: Nom... 'Kay, see you later then!
Tsukasa: Do not speak with food in your mouth! Have you no sense of decorum?
Tsukasa: Now, I can finally enjoy my elegant luncheon in peace!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B]

Tsukasa: Rui, look at this!
Rui: Sliding into my classroom at the exact same moment the lunch bell goes off...this must be something serious.
Tsukasa: Hehehe, look at this!
Rui: That's not very different from what you just said.
Tsukasa: Just look! Here, this video!
Rui: This is...a video of an overseas show?
Rui: Oh, this is quite...
Tsukasa: Interesting, right? The pre-show announcement was merely a guise, for the show had already started by then!
Tsukasa: Some actors dressed up as spectators were waiting in the audience. The show starts off by blurring the line between real life and the performance!
Rui: The way they move to the stage from the audience is quite smooth. This opening sequence is very well thought-out.
Tsukasa: Amazing, isn't it?
Rui: It is. And I find that I-came-up-with-this expression on your face to be quite amazing as well.
Rui: Anyway, this show should be a useful reference. I must see it in its entirety.
Tsukasa: Hehe. Yes, yes, I know!
Tsukasa: Now, here's the main thing I wanted to talk about.
Tsukasa: I want to use this opening sequence for our first show as well!
Rui: Go on...
Tsukasa: We're limited by that shabby stage, but I'm sure we can pull off something similar with a little bit of ingenuity!
Rui: Yes. It's just that the show in the video and the show we're trying to do are in different genres and flavors.
Rui: We'll have to adapt it in a way that fits with our style.
Tsukasa: Of course! And be sure to do it in a way that makes me, the star of the show, as cool as is humanly possible!
Rui: I'll keep your request in mind and think hard about how to incorporate that into the stage production.
Tsukasa: I'm counting on you!
Tsukasa: A stage is a stage, no matter how small or dilapidated!
Tsukasa: The future musical star, Tsukasa Tenma is about to take his first step towards conquering the world!
Rui: We'll need to prepare some promotional flyers too.
Tsukasa: Oh, you're right. I'll have to check with Emu about what sort of arrangements are in place for that.
Tsukasa: Well, even if she doesn't know, those mascots hanging around her should have some idea, at least.
Rui: I'm looking forward to it already. It would be really nice if we could make this show a success.
Tsukasa: With I myself as the showman, scriptwriter, and lead actor, there's no way the show wouldn't be a big hit!
Tsukasa: You've added a lot of interesting effects too, remember?
Tsukasa: Our first show will be filled to capacity! We'll receive a standing ovation after the final curtain for sure!
Rui: Hehe... Your confidence is quite something.
Tsukasa: Hm? What's wrong? You don't sound very enthused... Have you no confidence in your own stage direction?
Rui: Oh dear? Is that what you think of me?
Tsukasa: Nah, you'd be the last person on earth to feel that way...
Rui: I'm glad you know me so well, Tsukasa♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: (There are a few things I'm concerned about, though...)
Tsukasa: Well, even if you do lose your confidence, fret not!
Tsukasa: Your stage direction is innovative but classic! Absolutely befitting of a great show led by a superstar! And since the star himself says so, you can be sure it's true!
Rui: ...
Rui: That's certainly an honor.
Tsukasa: That was a very productive conversation indeed. Now I can enjoy my midday meal with good cheer.
Tsukasa: Hehehe...my elegant luncheon awaits. Thanks for your time!
Rui: No problem. See you after school, Tsukasa.
(Black cut)
