50_Tsukasa Tenma_R2 Wonderlands×Showtime

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Well, well. I got here first today.
Tsukasa: Heh. First on the scene like a true star! No matter it's just a regular rehearsal day.
Tsukasa: I might as well prepare for the rehearsal... Hmm?
Tsukasa: Our normally slightly grimy, run-down stage is covered in sand?! The strong wind yesterday must have blown it here.
Tsukasa: Tsk! It seems today we have to start with some cleaning.
Emu: Yahohoy! Hel-lo! Tsukasa, hi☆
Emu: You turned up really early! You must be excited for the rehearsal! In which case, let's jump right to it!
Tsukasa: Not so fast, Emu! Let me get a word in, okay?
Emu: Mm?
Tsukasa: We need to attend to our stage first and get it clean before we can begin the rehearsal.
Emu: Awww! Our dear little stage needs some TLC, huh?
Tsukasa: You can put it that way. Get changed into something you don't mind getting dirty, and let's get cleaning.
Emu: Roger♪
Emu: This comes off... And this goes on...
Tsukasa: Huh? What's she doing there behind the stage?
Tsukasa: What the...!?
Emu: Wshhhooo!
Tsukasa: A hazmat suit and gas mask?! What do you think we'll be doing, Emu, defusing explosives?!
Emu: Pshhhh! Shwaaaaah! (Hm? It's kinda difficult to move in this!)
Mascot: Miss, it's dangerous to run around in this!
Tsukasa: How are you going to get any cleaning done?
Tsukasa: And what's up with the strange noises? If you're pretending to be an alien, this is the wrong costume.
Emu: Shooo, shwoooo?! (Did somebody mention ALIENS?!)
Emu: Shoof! Shoof?! (Where did you see aliens?!)
Tsukasa: This noise is really getting to me! Let's see what I can do about it!
Tsukasa: Shoooof! Shaaaah! (Get changed into something normal!)
Tsukasa: Shaaaagohgoh! (We need to clean the stage!)
Emu: Shaaahgoh! Gohgoh♪ (Aye, I'll clean the stage!)
Tsukasa: Why do I have to deal with this...
Tsukasa: Heh, at least I can say with pride that I ingeniously broke through Emu's mystery language barrier.
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Right, let's get started. First, we need some water, and then we'll scrub the dirt off with brushes...
Emu: Got it! Big splaaash!
Tsukasa: Hey, don't get me splashed! Watch it!
Tsukasa: Bua ha ha ha! I have superhuman reflexes! You didn't get one drop on me!
Tsukasa: But now... It's payback time!
Mascot: ...
Tsukasa: Uh, I, er... I was just kidding! Haha, I'm just going to pour some water over the floorboards well away from Emu. Haha...ha.
Tsukasa: (That was close... No telling what the park mascots might do to me if they perceive me as a threat to Emu...)
Tsukasa: Hey, Emu. I'm going to start on this end. You go from the other, okay?
Emu: Yup♪
(Black cut)
Emu: Hmm! Tsukasa, listen, listen! I got an idea for a fast and fun way to clean the stage!
Tsukasa: Do you now? What do you propose?
Emu: I'll just demonstrate my method! First, you soak one of the towels like this and put it here, and then... Hiyaaaaaaaaah!
Tsukasa: Wait, hold on...stop! You're not thinking of jumping onto it, right?!
Emu: All aboard the cleaning cloth! Woooo☆
Tsukasa: Watch out, Emu! You're going to crash into me! Nooooo!
Emu: Yikes! Mission failed! I'm so sorry, Tsukasa! It's really hard to steer a high-speed cleaning cloth!
Emu: I promise you the second try will be a success!
Tsukasa: What second try? No, Emu, don't!
Emu: Here I go♪
Tsukasa: Hey, mascot! Move your big fluffy body and stop her!
Emu: Ha-hoy!
Tsukasa: No, no, don't come this way! Aaargh!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Okay, guys. Time to decide the theme of our next show.
Tsukasa: This is very important, so I need you all to think carefully about it!
Nene: And why are you chairing this meeting?
Tsukasa: Because I'm the leader of this troupe!
Nene: A self-proclaimed leader...
Emu: Guys! GUYS! GUYS!!!
Tsukasa: What is it, Emu?
Emu: It has to be... Space!
Tsukasa: Emu, don't just suddenly set our derailed conversation back on track. And why does it have to be that, anyway?
Rui: A brilliant suggestion. In its immeasurable vastness, space is full of mysteries, making it a fascinating setting for a play.
Emu: Yeah! Space is actually pretty neat!
Rui: Let's take our audience on a space tour. We shall travel along the Milky Way, to the far reaches of our galaxy never seen before by another human!
Emu: The universe awaits! Let's fearlessly jump headfirst into a black hole in search of new dimensions!
Rui: That would be a spectacle truly out of this world! Wouldn't you like to host it on our humble stage?
Nene: You guys are getting carried away.
Tsukasa: A spectacle out of this world... I like the sound of it.
Nene: Why does it always go like this?
Tsukasa: Okay, lay out your plan for this play. I'm a down-to-earth guy, but I might be persuaded to your space show.
Emu: Plan? That makes me think of flan!
Tsukasa: Can't you stay focused for a minute... Sigh...
Tsukasa: (No, I've got to stay calm and not let her throw us off the topic we were discussing.)
Tsukasa: (Heh. Let's handle it like a leader!)
Tsukasa: You know what, Emu, you're right. Plan, flan, it's almost the same word when you think about it.
Emu: I know, right♪
Tsukasa: (Success! I'm becoming quite skilled at dealing with Emu.)
Nene: (Ugh... Tsukasa's got that creepy grin on...)
(Black cut)
Rui: As the director, perhaps I should explain the plan for this play.
Rui: Space, of course, means zero gravity. I'd like that to be clearly portrayed on stage.
Tsukasa: Zero gravity? Yes, of course. Good point.
Rui: We could try it out right away.
Rui: Tsukasa, mind if I hoist you up?
Tsukasa: Where did you get this rope from?!
Rui: Nevermind the details. Are you willing to cooperate?
Rui: For the sake of this spectacle that's out of this world?
Tsukasa: Ugh... Is this a test I have to pass to achieve stardom?
Tsukasa: Well, fine then! Do what you want!
Rui: First, put this belt over your torso. Now let me tie this tight...
Rui: Emu, could you pass the other end of the rope through the pulley on the ceiling? Then I'd like the mascots to help pull Tsukasa up.
Emu: Sure!
Rui: It's all quite simple, isn't it? It seems we're ready.
Rui: Mascots, would you mind?
Mascot: One, two, three... Pull!
Tsukasa: Whoa! I'm in the air!
Rui: Now, Tsukasa, you need to find your balance. Try to make it look as if you were effortlessly drifting in space.
Tsukasa: Urgh... It's hard work when you're ACTUALLY FIGHTING AGAINST GRAVITY! Got to...straighten...UPPP!
Emu: Wow, that's sooo cool! It really looks like he's floating!
Nene: Hmm... This would work well enough if the play was set on a spaceship.
Emu: Yeah... But wouldn't it be better if it looked more floaty?
Emu: My mascot friends! You know what to do!
Mascot: Roger, Miss Emu!
Tsukasa: Hey, what are you...
Tsukasa: H-Hey, don't swing the rope so much! I'm going to lose my balance... Aaargh!
Tsukasa: Nooo, I'm going to crash! I'm crashing dooown!
Emu: Wow, that's so great! It's like you're really tumbling through space, Tsukasa!
Rui: Well, what else does our space setting need?
Nene: How about dark matter?
Tsukasa: Um... Guys...
Rui: Hehehe, are you sure you want to give me the perfect excuse to devise a contraption creating dark matter?
Tsukasa: Guys!
Emu: What is dark matter? Is it related to grey matter, but darker?
Rui: No, Emu. Dark matter is the name for the mysterious particles filling space...
Tsukasa: Guys! Can you stop the astrophysics lecture and GET ME DOWN?!
Tsukasa: What the... Mascots, what are you doing? Why are you tying the rope to that pillar?
Tsukasa: Somebody, anybody, get me dooown!
(Black cut)
