51_Tsukasa Tenma_R3 Mascot Greeting

Gacha phrase: What? H-Hatsune Miku?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Are we all here? Very good!
Tsukasa: Now that we have a full cast and a completed script, we can finally start practicing!
Emu: Yeah!
Robo-Nene: Whatever you say.
Rui: Oh, can I have a minute before we begin? It's about that stage effect we were discussing yesterday.
Tsukasa: What is it?
Rui: Lightning is supposed to strike the ground behind the prince during the opening scene, right?
Rui: I've actually upgraded the device that will generate the lightning. Can we test it out before practice?
Tsukasa: Up...graded? Why do I have such a bad feeling about this...
Emu: We're gonna have even stronger lightning?!
Emu: Yay! I wanna see things go kaboom! And sizzle sizzle! Like that!
Robo-Nene: Rest in peace.
Tsukasa: Hey! That's not funny at all!
Rui: Oh, so you don't want that?
Rui: You were the one who wanted to try using real lightning in the performance because it's never been seen before, right?
Rui: Only you would be bold enough to bring up wanting to try doing something no one's ever done before, Tsukasa. And that's why you're so wonderful!
Tsukasa: W-Well, you should expect nothing less from a future star!
Rui: I know I can count on you!
Robo-Nene: Oh brother...
Tsukasa: Anyway, we'll check on that stage effect while practicing!
Emu: Sir, yes, sir!
(Black cut)
Rui: Now, onto the next scene. In this part, Emu makes her appearance by bursting through the stage set.
Emu: Here I come♪
Emu: Bang crash boom! Nyeh heh heh! I'm the demon lord's dragonkeeper!
Emu: My dragon will pancake you, foolish prince!
Rui: Very good! Excellent entry! And then comes the part where the prince almost gets eaten by the dragon.
Robo-Nene: What are we going to do about the dragon?
Robo-Nene: Are we using papier-mâché? Or a video projector?
Tsukasa: Unless we have an extraordinary video on hand, there won't be much of an impact at all! I vote for something more lifelike, whether it's papier-mâché or whatever else!
Emu: I have something to say! I want a real dragon!
Robo-Nene: Dragons don't exist...
Rui: Hehe. If they do, I'd certainly love to work with one.
Tsukasa: A real dragon, huh...
Tsukasa: (That reminds me of all those strange creatures moving around in that SEKAI place.)
Tsukasa: (I could've sworn I saw a flying train somewhere, too. I wouldn't be surprised at all if there were real dragons somewhere in that world.)
Tsukasa: (If we could have access to a real dragon, we'd have the most incredible show in the world that no one's ever...)
Tsukasa: Wait, that means I'll become real dragon food!
Emu: Aww, so no real dragons?
Tsukasa: I'm playing the part of a guy who almost gets eaten by it!
Tsukasa: (Besides, if a real dragon appears on stage, there's a very high chance it may overshadow me, the lead actor!)
Tsukasa: (No, wait. Hold it right there, Tsukasa Tenma. What are you so afraid of, future star?!)
Tsukasa: (I won't be outdone by anything in this world... No, not even an actual, real-life dragon! Because I'm ME!)
Tsukasa: Yes... I can do this. Bring it on in spades and then some!
Tsukasa: Ha ha ha ha!
Robo-Nene: He just burst out laughing like that. What's wrong with him?
Rui: I wouldn't know.
Emu: But he looks so happy about it! Let me try it out too♪ Ha ha ha ha!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Tsukasa: (Our performance was a great success. Everyone had a huge smile on their face, whether it was the audience or us!)
Tsukasa: (And that's what I'd been looking for. In order to keep making shows that will put a smile on everyone's face...)
Tsukasa: I know!
(Black cut)

[Class 2-B]

Tsukasa: Rui! Are you here?!
Rui: Tsukasa? Is something the matter?
Tsukasa: School's over. Let's go to Phoenix Wonderland together!
Rui: Oh my. And you came here specially to pick me up?
Tsukasa: I sure did! Let's go pick up the others while we're at it.
(Black cut)

[Class 1-B]

Tsukasa: Hey, Nene!
Nene: Ah?! Wh-What do you want...
Tsukasa: We're here to pick you up! Let's go to Phoenix Wonderland together!
Nene: P-Pick me... You didn't have to show up at my class... You stand out too much and that bothers me...
Tsukasa: What did you say?! After I went through the trouble of coming all the way here to get you?!
Nene: I didn't ask you to do that.
Rui: There, there. Squabbling with him here is just going to attract even more attention to yourself.
Nene: That's...true.
Tsukasa: Hehe, it is the destiny of a star to attract attention wherever he goes...but enough about that. Come on, let's go already!
Nene: What's gotten into him? Why is he so fired up?
Rui: Who knows?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Miyamasuzaka]

Tsukasa: We're heading to Emu's school right now. I told her to wait for us at the school gate.
Rui: So basically, you want us to all to go to Phoenix Wonderland together?
Nene: What put this idea into your head, anyway? Suddenly having to act chummy with everyone is really creeping me out...
Tsukasa: Hmph... It's because a star has to treasure his troupe!
Tsukasa: I've come to the realization that the best way to make the audience smile is to ensure that the troupe members are smiling themselves too.
Tsukasa: Thanks to you guys, I finally understand what's truly important!
Tsukasa: Now all that's left is for us to strengthen our ties!
Tsukasa: Hehehe... Acknowledging mistakes and learning from them is what sets a true star apart from the others. I cower in awe of my own boundless talent!
Rui: Hehe, he's really changed.
Nene: How I wish that was true for his inflated ego too.
Rui: That's what makes him so entertaining, so let him keep it.
Tsukasa: What're you mumbling about to each other? Let's go already!
Tsukasa: Hm?
Boy: Ugh... I can't find anyone...
Tsukasa: Young man over there, what seems to be the problem? Are you looking for something?
Nene: Hey... He just went up to talk to a complete stranger....
Boy: I was playing hide-and-seek with my friends, but I can't seem to find anyone at all.
Tsukasa: I see the problem now. Very well, leave this to me!
Tsukasa: I'll put on a show that's so amazing, your friends can't help but come out from their hiding places to watch me!
Boy: What?
Tsukasa: Here I go! Don't take your eyes off me!
Nene: Putting on a show for a boy playing hide-and-seek so as to draw his friends out from hiding? What nonsense is that?
Rui: Hehe. But you have to hand it to him for having the guts to suddenly start dancing on the streets like that.
Nene: But that boy's gawking at him.
Boy: ...
Boy: Wow! You're so good at dancing!
Tsukasa: I know I am, young man! Come on and dance along with me!
Boy: Okay!
Passerby: Hey, what's that guy doing over there?
Girl: Where? Oh, that looks fun! I wanna join in too!
Rui: My, my. He's drawn quite a large crowd in very little time.
Nene: No way...
Tsukasa: Hahaha! Behold the power of my sheer popularity!
Emu: Yaaay! Let's dance, let's dance♪
Tsukasa: E-Emu?! What are you doing here? I thought I told you to wait for us at your school gate?
Emu: I couldn't wait any longer and so here I am! Anyway, let's dance, Tsukasa♪
Tsukasa: Argh! Stop pulling my arm!
Nene: Are you really sure he's changed?
Rui: Hehe, whatever the case, everyone seems to be having fun, so why not let him do what he wants?
(Black cut)
