120_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Zombies?! Time To Panic! (event_3)

Gacha phrase: Why is this happening to me?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Tsukasa: Hmph, coming early to practice by myself even though we've only just wrapped up the Halloween show—
Tsukasa: I truly am the paragon of stardom, if I do say so myself! Besides...
Tsukasa: The cool and refreshing morning air is pleasant to breathe. It'll certainly help me to focus on my practice...
Tsukasa: Huh? Did that bush just move?
Tsukasa: Hahaha! I see right through you! Emu or someone else is hiding in there, in order to scare me, am I right?
Tsukasa: I'll have you know that you can't use the same trick on me twice! Accept your defeat and show yourself!
???: Uaaah!
Tsukasa: Gyaaah!
Tsukasa: Wh-What's Rui's zombie robot doing here?!
Zombie Robot A: Oooh... Oooh...
Zombie Robot B: Oooh... Oooh...
Tsukasa: Wait, there's another one there...and over there too?! Just hang on for a minute here! Why are there so many zombie robots gathered here?!
Tsukasa: Unless they've all gone out of control again?! But that's just not possible!
Rui: Hehe, you're just full of energy from morning, aren't you.
Tsukasa: Rui?! What are you doing here?
Rui: I added a greeting function to the zombie robots, so I'm doing a test drive.
Tsukasa: G-Greeting function? You mean, like shaking hands with the visitors and taking photos together?
Rui: Yes. In recent years, at the end of Halloween season, this theme park holds a Zombie Greeting event where zombies are made to head out to greet park visitors.
Rui: Of course, other than zombies, actors in monster costumes and stage mascots will be taking part as well.
Rui: Mr. Mascot suggested that we take part in this event as well, so that more people can know about Wonder Stage.
Rui: We're supposed to be going out to greet the visitors today, along with the other zombie cast members.
Rui: That's why you were asked to come too, as a welcoming crew.
Tsukasa: I see. But getting zombies to greet visitors isn't exactly—
Zombie Robot: Augh?
Tsukasa: (Hm... They do look somewhat lovable after you get used to seeing them, I guess?)
Rui: It's just such a shame that the zombies can only play a part during Halloween season, though...
Tsukasa: Maybe, but there's always next year, right? We can always let them do their thing again next year and—
Rui: Unfortunately, we may have to dispose of them after their time is up this year.
Tsukasa: What?! I didn't know about that! Why?
Rui: My plan was to keep them in the Wonder Stage storeroom and use them again for next year's show...
Rui: But the storeroom is just too dusty for that.
Rui: Besides, the place isn't ideal for keeping robot machinery since the temperature and humidity there fluctuates by a lot over the course of an entire year.
Rui: And it's not like I can store so many robots in my house, so...
Tsukasa: You have a good reason, though...
Zombie Robot: Augh?
Tsukasa: (They may be robots, but they're still fellow performers who helped to make the show a success. Scrapping them like that would leave a bad taste in my mouth...)
Rui: ...
Rui: I haven't given up yet, either. I'll be spending a bit more time to look for ways to store them properly.
Tsukasa: Oh... Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

Tsukasa: Hmph, today was a day of productive practicing, as it always is when I'm around. Which means the next show is bound to be a smashing success as well!
Tsukasa: Hm? Noises from the bush again... It has to be one of the zombie robots doing its greeting routine, right?
Zombie Robot: Uh... Ah...
Tsukasa: I knew it. You're not catching me off guard this time!
Zombie Human?: Ugh... Agh...
Tsukasa: Hahaha, you guys really love to flock together, don't you? However, that's not going to be enough to surprise me—
Tsukasa: Wait...you, you're not a robot?
Zombie Human?: Flesh... Let me eat...your flesh!
Tsukasa: Gyaaah! I-It's a real zombie!
Zombie Human?: Heh...hahaha! Hey, you're a cast member here too, right? No need to act so surprised. I'm a colleague!
Tsukasa: C-Colleague?
Zombie Cast: Huh? Don't you know about the Zombie Greeting event?
Tsukasa: Ah, right! Rui did mention something like that!
Tsukasa: With such a realistic performance and convincing makeup, can you blame me for thinking you were an actual zombie?
Zombie Cast: Oh, this isn't makeup, actually. It's a mask! Makeup takes too much time to put on.
Tsukasa: What?! A mask with such uncanny details?!
Zombie Cast: Yeah, this mask is really well-made. That's why it's been very popular among the visitors here in recent years!
Tsukasa: In recent years? Does that mean this same mask has been in use for a few years already?
Zombie Cast: Of course. It would be a waste of resources to dispose of something so well-made only after using it once, right?
Tsukasa: (That means there's a storeroom somewhere that's capable of keeping intricately designed props in good condition!)
Tsukasa: (This is it! We've found what we need!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Before we start our practice session today, I have an important announcement to make.
Zombie Robot: Augh?
Tsukasa: We were facing the possibility of having to dispose of these zombie robots because we didn't have the right facilities to store them until next year.
Emu: Eh?! N-No way... We have to throw our zombie robots away?!
Tsukasa: Let me finish! I just said, we were facing this problem. In other words...
Nene: You've found an appropriate place to store them?
Tsukasa: Yes. There's a storeroom where elaborate masks and costumes used in the yearly Halloween greeting events are stored.
Tsukasa: The temperature and humidity in that room is kept at a certain level that should be appropriate for storing machinery too. That's what the mascot said, at least!
Rui: Really, now... Thanks for this, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Hmph, you should expect nothing less from the showman of Wonderlands×Showtime himself!
Nene: And he lets it get to his head right away.
Emu: But that means we don't have to toss the zombie robots away anymore, right?!
Tsukasa: Yes. They can join us again next year.
Zombie Robot: Oooh... Oooh...
Emu: Hmm? Is it just me, or do they look kinda happy?
Rui: Maybe they're trying to thank Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Ha ha ha! Even robots understand the awesomeness that is me!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Alright, let's begin our practice session for today!
Emu: Yeah! Tsukasa's raring to go as usual! I'm right behind you!
Nene: Feels like they're still riding on the Halloween train at full speed, even though the show's already over.
Rui: The show was a great success, after all. I can understand why they're still filled with such enthusiasm.
Nene: (As long as they don't end up running around in circles...)
Tsukasa: Okay, let's continue from where we left off yesterday.
Rui: The scene where the witch pushes the prince to the edge of the stage, but then a fairy saves him in the nick of time?
Tsukasa: That's the one. Let's start!
(Black cut)
Emu: Ho ho ho! Your attempts to flee from my magical troops have been such a waste of effort. Don't you agree, dear prince?
Tsukasa: Ugh! Looks like that's all the time I can stall for...
Emu: Come on, why aren't you fighting back? Is this really how you want it to end? Your pathetic life, that is!
Tsukasa: I won't let you get your way!
Tsukasa: (In this scene, the prince stands up against the witch in the face of death! I should use big and sharp moves to show that the prince is galvanizing himself for action!)
Nene: Ah! Tsukasa, don't move back!
Tsukasa: Oh...
Tsukasa: (Uh oh! I'm too near to the edge of the stage!)
Emu & Rui: Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Ouch!
Tsukasa: Owww, my backside!
Emu: Tsukasa, are you okay?!
Tsukasa: I...I'm fine, but my backside isn't...
Rui: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsukasa: Aaargh!
Rui: Oh!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Nene: Tsukasa? Are you listening?
Tsukasa: Hm? Yeah, I'm listening.
Tsukasa: Still, I can't believe I actually lost my footing! Though, I suppose it is only to be expected from a performance as bold and inspiring as mine, huh?
Tsukasa: Ha ha ha ha ha!
Emu: Oh, good. I think this is proof that he's really fine!
Nene: Now I'm more worried about his head than his body.
Rui: Tsukasa, some injuries only start hurting a while after the fact. You shouldn't push yourself too hard today.
Tsukasa: That's true. I'll take precautions and hold back from making any big movements from now.
Tsukasa: Alright, apologies for the interruption. Let's get back to practice.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukasa's Room]

Tsukasa: Sigh... I really goofed up...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Nene: Ah! Tsukasa, don't move back!
Emu & Rui: Tsukasa!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsukasa: Aaargh! What sort of star makes his troupe worry like that?!
Tsukasa: What if Rui starts thinking about toning down the stage effects again because of this?!
Saki: Tsukasa! Stop stomping around, you're so loud!
Tsukasa: Oh, Saki. Sorry about—ow! Ughhh!
Saki: Whoa! Are you okay, Tsukasa? You stubbed your little toe against the bed pretty hard just now!
Tsukasa: I-I'm fine...
Saki: Um, anyway... Don't start stomping around all of a sudden, okay? We can hear you really loudly downstairs.
Tsukasa: Y-Yeah, I'll be careful...
Tsukasa: Ugh, I even made Saki mad at me. I'm so useless...
Tsukasa: I know. I can jump and roll around as much as I want on the bed, since the mattress should absorb the momentum.
Tsukasa: Hmm? Jump and roll around... Absorb...
Tsukasa: That's it! It's as simple as that!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

(Place: Wonder Stage)
Tsukasa: Very good, everything is in place!
Rui: Tsukasa, what are these?
Tsukasa: New practice mats! The ones we already have are either too small or too old.
Tsukasa: When piled up, these new mats will break the fall of anyone dropping from a height, like a trap room, or—
Emu: Wowee! They're so soft and fluffy♪ We should be absolutely fine even after jumping off the rooftop of the stage now☆
Tsukasa: Absolutely not!
Tsukasa: These mats only prevent injuries from falls. They don't magically make you completely immune to them.
Tsukasa: So continue to stay vigilant during future practice sessions as always, understand?
Emu: Yup!
Nene: Not a bad idea, coming from you.
Tsukasa: What do you mean, coming from me?!
Tsukasa: Well, anyway. I am, after all, the showman of Wonderlands×Showtime!
Tsukasa: It is my responsibility to create an environment where the director can feel comfortable trying anything he wants!
Rui: !!
Tsukasa: What do you think, Rui? Now you can go all out, right?
Rui: Hehe. Yes, that's right.
Tsukasa: Excellent! Then let's start today's practice now!
Emu, Nene, & Rui: Got it!
(Black cut)
