141_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 I'm The Lead! (event_7)

Gacha phrase: This'll be the best show in the history of Kamiyama!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Two months before the School Festival]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Festival Committee Member: Alright, we need to decide what sort of thing our class will be doing for the School Festival.
Classmate A: Huh, I don't know...
Classmate B: I can't really think of anything...
Tsukasa: Hmph! Oh, for the love of...! How can you have zero ideas? It's the School Festival!
Tsukasa: Or are you all waiting to hear suggestions from the world's greatest star-to-be?
Tsukasa: In that case...! I will not leave you high and dry! Here's my idea, and it is guaranteed to get you all fired up!
Tsukasa: Let's do...! A play!
Classmates: (Yeah. Of course he'd say that...)
Tsukasa: You've all gone quiet? I guess that's no surprise.
Tsukasa: After all, I'm a famous Phoenix Wonderland actor who stars in the most exquisite productions alongside other notable actors on a less than befitting stage.
Tsukasa: How anxious you must be, wondering whether amateurs such as yourselves have what it takes to perform in a play written and directed by none other than me!
Classmate A: No, it's more like plays are kind of embarrassing...
Classmate B: Yeah. Making costumes and props would be a major pain too...
Tsukasa: But be assured that with my guidance, you will perform well enough! Here, read my script!
Classmate A & B: (He's not listening to us at all!!)
Tsukasa: This is the play I propose for this occasion. It's a tragedy based on Romeo and Juliet.
Tsukasa: The title is... Romeo: Battle Royale!!
Classmate A: Yikes, like a B-movie...
Classmate B: He's not gonna let us go home until we read it, is he...?
Tsukasa: Well, the script is quite long, so I won't ask you to read all of it now. So I'll summarize it for you.
Tsukasa: It's the story of a bloody battle between nine Romeos who all fall in love with the same woman.
Tsukasa: Will true love shine through in this mortal combat? The Romeos are tormented by rage, yearning and doubt, but who will Juliet choose?
Tsukasa: The finale, where the true Romeo prevails, will make the audience shed waterfalls of tears...
Classmate A: Pffft...!
Tsukasa: Huh?
Classmate A: Pffft... Bwahaha! Are you for real? You actually wrote this line? Pfffhahaha!
Classmate B: Oh, man! My sides...! Tenma, you're a genius! If we're gonna do something like this, I'm in.
Tsukasa: (Huh? Why are they laughing? It's a tragedy, not a comedy.)
Tsukasa: (Ah, of course! My masterful script is so brilliant, they're exhilarated at the thought of performing this play!)
Tsukasa: (Anyways, the boys seemed to like it. Now, how about the girls...?)
Classmate C: Hahaha. What is it?! So Juliet's the only sensible character?
Classmate D: Hehe! It like, goes beyond dumb... But the Romeos might be kinda cute.
Tsukasa: (As I thought, they're fans already!)
Festival Committee Member: Well, this seems like the only proposal we have so far... Is everyone okay with Tenma's suggestion?
Classmates: Yeah!
Tsukasa: Great!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One week later]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Alright, that's it for today!
Tsukasa, Emu, Nene, & Rui: Good job, everyone!
Emu: Neneee! I'm going over the last scene one more time. Wanna help me out?
Nene: Sure. There's something I wanted to work on too...
Tsukasa: Phew... Now then, what's left for the other show...? Ah, right!
Tsukasa: Each of the nine Romeos requires a different costume and weapon. We'll also need a backdrop for the space battle...
Rui: We just finished rehearsing and you're already back to working on your play for the School Festival?
Tsukasa: Yeah. Most of them haven't done any plays since elementary school, so I've got my work cut out!
Tsukasa: If I'm producing a play with my class, I need to make sure everyone enjoys it!
Rui: Hehe. That's a good attitude. I'm looking forward to seeing how your play shapes up.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few weeks later]

Classmate C: Tenma! Here's how we're doing with the costumes. I think they'll be ready in time.
Tsukasa: Excellent! It's not unusual for costumes to fall behind schedule, but our class is doing a fantastic job!
Classmate C: Right? Just wait. You're all gonna look awesome up there...!
Tsukasa: Yeah, I'm counting on you! Now, next is...
Festival Committee Member: Sorry, Tenma. Do you mind looking over the forms that we need to submit to the committee?
Tsukasa: Huh? Sure, right away!
Classmate A: It's weird to see him like this. I thought he was just an attention-seeking troublemaker.
Classmate B: Yeah. You know what they say, It's a fine line between genius and madness.
Tsukasa: Hey, I can hear you! I know you envy my talents, but you could be nicer about it!
Classmate B: Okay, okay. We got it...! But getting ready is pretty fun too...
Classmate A: Yeah. I thought it was gonna be a drag...
Tsukasa: What are you talking about? It's always fun to work on School Festival events.
Classmate A: Yeah? Why?
Tsukasa: Isn't it obvious?!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Because you get to be part of an amazing team...!
Tsukasa: How can it not be fun to work towards a single goal as a team?
Classmate A: Haha... You come up with good one-lines every once in a while...
Tsukasa: Heh, expect nothing less from someone like me!
Tsukasa: Listen up, everyone! We are making history here! This going to be the theatrical performance!
Classmates: Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Mizuki Akiyama)

[A few days after the School Festival]

[Kamiyama High School]

Tsukasa: There you are! Hey, Toya!
Akito: Ugh...
Toya: Tsukasa? What are you doing here?
Tsukasa: I came to give you what you requested. Here!
Toya: Oh... It's a DVD of Romeo: Battle Royale!
Akito: Huh? Is that the thing we saw during the School Festival?
Toya: Yes. It's the glorious play starring Tsukasa. I heard he was having it recorded, so I asked if I could have a copy.
Akito: Oh, um... Great?
Tsukasa: Do you want one too, Akito? I can get you one tomorrow.
Akito: Nah, don't worry about me.
Tsukasa: No need to be shy! I saw you sitting in the first row with Toya.
Akito: You noticed...?
Tsukasa: Of course! I always scan the audience to see their reactions!
Toya: Such professionalism.
Tsukasa: Heh, you know me. On another note...
Tsukasa: Having you in the audience was a real throwback to the past. Didn't you used to come see my shows when we were kids too?
Toya: Yes. It brought back memories for me as well.
Akito: Kids...? I heard you two have been friends for ages, but have you been doing theater for that long, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: I have indeed! You have to start young to become the world's greatest star! My sister and Toya used to watch my performances, and even help me practice!
Toya: I didn't do anything, I would just sit there and enjoy your shows. They were always very uplifting.
Tsukasa: You were always so gloomy back then too... You and classical music just didn't seem to mix...
Akito: ...
Tsukasa: But it's a star's job to cheer up their audience!
Tsukasa: That's why also I used to do improvised performances for Toya all the time.
Akito: Hmm...
Toya: Yes, you did so many too. When you couldn't make do with a cast of just one, you used plushies to fill the other roles.
Tsukasa: Oh, like Saki's rabbit plushie! That one's still in good shape.
Toya: Huh?
Tsukasa: (It's living the life in SEKAI, starring in shows alongside Miku and others.)
Tsukasa: Anyway, you seem much happier these days.
Toya: Do I? If so, that's thanks to Akito.
Akito: Me? What did I do?
Toya: You know, Akito. You must've noticed that I became much more positive since we started singing together.
Tsukasa: Really? In that case, I owe you thanks, Akito! Toya's like a little brother to me, and he's my #2 fan after Saki!
Toya: ...
Akito: Okay...
Mizuki's Voice (Mizuki): Hm? Hey, Tsukasa...!
Tsukasa: You're Rui's friend who sat in the front row at my play with Toya and Akito!
Tsukasa: What was your name again? Akiyama?
Mizuki: Yup, that's me♪
Tsukasa: I still vividly remember you bursting into tears laughing during the show!
Tsukasa: It wasn't really meant to make people laugh, but it's always rewarding to see the audience having a good time!
Mizuki: What, you mean it? I thought I might've been pretty obnoxious, but I couldn't help myself...!
Tsukasa: You should never be ashamed of reacting so naturally. They're what makes a play complete.
Mizuki: Huh? Care to explain?
Tsukasa: A theatrical performance involves two groups of people: the actors on the stage and the audience watching them.
Tsukasa: The actors assume their roles and create a world for the audience to behold and be drawn into!
Tsukasa: The audience's reactions, such as laughter, tears or anger, help them become a part of the play too.
Tsukasa: It's only when everyone gathered becomes invested in the spectacle that it can reach its true potential.
Mizuki: So my reaction complemented your show?
Tsukasa: Precisely! And what makes theater so exciting is that the world created by the performers and the audience is different every time. No two shows are alike!
Mizuki: Yeah, I can see that...!
Mizuki: (In our case, we can check everyone's comments after the fact, but it's all said and done.)
Mizuki: (The audience and the artists creating something together... That never occurred to me...)
Akito: ...
Akito: (I totally get it. Watching the audience's reactions and getting them involved is even more important at gigs.)
Tsukasa: (Heh. Hehehehe. I can feel it! Akito and Akiyama's eyes are glowing with admiration!)
Tsukasa: Heh, easy now. Those eyes scream that you're hoping to get my autograph!
Toya: ...!
Akito: Wait, what?
Mizuki: An autograph?
Akito: Dude, I don't want your autograph...
Mizuki: Haha. Yeah, I'm good too...
Tsukasa: Hmm? Too shy to ask maybe?
Tsukasa: Anyway, my official autograph is still a work in progress. Once I perfect it, I'll gladly sign something for you!
Akito & Mizuki: (Dude, I don't need it!)
Tsukasa: As a special treat, I'll even add a serial number to your autographs!
Tsukasa: That way they'll be truly unique, and even more valuable! Hahahahaha!
(Black cut)
