154_Tsukasa Tenma_R2 New Year's With All (event_9)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Len, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: Phew... I'm glad we caught the Lion Dance Robot and the pandemonium's over.
Emu: That means we can get back to pounding more mochi! Let's go Miku!
Miku (WxS): Okay, Emu☆ You too, Nene♪
Nene: Right, so... I'll go fetch some water. I won't be long.
Emu: Okay♪
Tsukasa: Where do you get all this energy from? You already made all that mochi, and ran around with the Lion Dance Robot...
KAITO: It seems like we have nothing to do now...
Tsukasa: It'd be nice just to relax, but I'd feel guilty doing that. I'll see if anyone else needs help... What's going on over there?
(Black cut)
Rui: This reattaches here and... Hmm. I'll need another line for this too.
Rui: Oh dear, this part has to be exchanged too.
Len: Wow, that's sooo cool! This is what Lion Dance Robot's insides look like?
Rui: Hehe. Are you interested in robots, Len? Would you like to help me with the repairs?
Len: Sure, if that's okay! What do you need me to do?
Rui: First, can you open the bottom compartment of my tool box? That's where I keep an assortment of small parts...
(Black cut)
KAITO: Looks like Rui has all the help he needs.
Tsukasa: Yeah. Len seems really excited too.
Tsukasa: Well, it looks like I can just put my feet up and enjoy a few moments of peace and quiet... Huh?
(Black cut)
Bunny Plushie: What? You're giving up?
Tanuki Plushie: Yeah, I have to...
MEIKO: Aww, poor little guys...
Tsukasa: Hey, you're Saki's old plushie! Long time no see!
Bunny Plushie: Oh, it's Tsukasa! Tsukasa, I missed you!
Tsukasa: It's nice to see you again, but it looks to me like you're having some problems?
MEIKO: You see, they really wanted to try mochi pounding.
MEIKO: It would've been a great experience, but everything's too heavy for them.
KAITO: True. The huge mallets weigh quite a bit.
Bunny Plushie: We really wanted to celebrate the New Year with you...
Tsukasa: Oh...
Tsukasa: You know what? You can take part without doing any heavy lifting! How about you create a rhythm for us?
Bunny Plushie: How do we do that?
Tsukasa: Simple. Just as one of the others lifts up the mallet, you shout, Yoi-sho!
KAITO: That's a great idea! It'll liven up the atmosphere too!
Bunny Plushie: Yeah! I wanna try!
Tanuki Plushie: Me too!
Tsukasa: Alright! Hey, Emu! Miku! Can you come over here for a minute?
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Let's pound some more mochi! Are you ready?
Emu: Yeah!
Tsukasa: Plushies, are you ready too? We need you to keep the rhythm!
Bunny Plushie: Ready!
Nene: Everyone's getting involved all of a sudden.
MEIKO: Isn't it nice, though? It's a New Year's celebration after all. It should be lively!
Miku (WxS): Hehehe! Let's see if you can keep up with Emu and me!
Miku (WxS): Alright, Emu! Let's get started!
Emu: Aye, aye, captain! Nene, you ready?
Nene: Yeah, yeah.
Miku (WxS): Here goes! Yoi-sho!
Tsukasa: Yoi-sho! Come on, plushies! I want to hear you!
Bunny Plushie: Alright! Yoi-sho!
Emu: Yoi-sho!
Tanuki Plushie: Yoi-sho!
Emu: Keep it up! Yoi-sho!
Miku (WxS): Yoi-sho!
Tsukasa: Is it just me or are they going faster and faster?
Emu: Ah, so you noticed! You're about to witness some serious mochi pounding!
Emu: Let's pick up the pace, Miku!
Miku (WxS): You got it! Let's give this mochi a good pounding! Yoi-sho!
Emu: Yoi-sho!
Tsukasa: Huh? Plushies! Don't fall behind! Yoi-sho!
Bunny Plushie: Yoi-sho!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Huff... Huff... D-Did you guys have fun...?
Bunny Plushie: Yeah! Thanks, Tsukasa!
Tanuki Plushie: Thanks!
KAITO: That was great.
Emu: Tsukasa! Rui! Here's some of the mochi!
Tsukasa: Finally, we get to eat! I'm famished!
Miku (WxS): Thanks for your help, everyone!
Miku (WxS): Time to dig in☆
Everyone: Yay!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Alright, it's time to do the cleaning that we talked about before and couldn't do because of New Year's!
Tsukasa: But... It looks like we're missing Rui? It's not like him to be late...
Nene: He said he made a super-efficient cleaning robot, but he said he'd be late because getting it over here was more difficult than he expected.
Tsukasa: Well, that's Rui for you. Shall we start without him?
Emu: Okay!
(Black cut)
Emu: Scrub-a-dub-dub!
Tsukasa: Hmm... It's definitely cleaner than before... But it still looks kind of dull...
Emu: Yeah, I can't get it nice and shiny either. Nene, how's it going for you?
Nene: The auditorium's all clean now. Right, Robo-Nene?
Robo-Nene: Beep. Affirmative.
Tsukasa: I see. Robo-Nene's speed made picking up trash from between the seats take no time at all...
Tsukasa: Hey, how about this? We can have Robo-Nene polish the floor of the stage for us!
Nene: Wait, how?
Tsukasa: Easy. We put a soapy rag over a stubbornly dirty spot, and have Robo-Nene stand on it and spin!
Robo-Nene: Instructions received. Beginning operation.
(White cut)
Tsukasa: That's it! Now spin! The friction alone should rub the grime right off the floor!
Emu: Wow! The spots she pirouetted over are squeaky clean!
Tsukasa: Yes, all according to plan! That floor will glow once she's done!
Nene: It seems to be working, but at this rate... Can she really finish by the end of the day?
Tsukasa: Um... The stage is pretty big and Robo-Nene's feet are tiny... This might not be as efficient as I hoped...
Emu: It's going to be okay, guys! We just have to join in and clean the floor the same way!
Nene: No, I don't think that's wise...
Emu: Watch me! And now I'll spiiin!
Tsukasa: Huh. It's actually going all right.
Emu: Spiiiin...! Spinny-spiiiin...! Hahaha!
Nene: Wait, she's spinning this way!
Tsukasa: We're on a collision course...! Aaargh!
Nene: I knew it'd end like this.
Emu: Ugh... I'm so dizzy...
Tsukasa: Oww... You can't compete with Robo-Nene when it comes to spinning, Emu...
Tsukasa: Well, that didn't work... And the floor's still far from clean. What do we do now?
Rui: Hehehe... That sounds like quite the pickle.
Tsukasa: Better late than never, Rui! Wait, why did you bring Lion Dance Robot? I thought you were bringing a cleaning robot...
Rui: Ah, but we'll be using Lion Dance Robot to clean.
Tsukasa: Wait, just how exactly...?
Rui: Just a moment. Time to switch it on!
Lion Dance Robot: WRRRR... CHOMP...!
Tsukasa: What the...? I-It's spraying water out of its mouth?!
Emu: Wow! That's amazing! The water jet's making everything sparkle!
Rui: While I was performing maintenance on it, I decided to add a power washer.
Tsukasa: What?! Why?! Can it still even be used for its original purpose now?
Nene: It looks more like a monster with a laser beam in its mouth.
Emu: A monster, you say? Well, in that case...!
Emu: Muahahaha! Feel the wrath of Lionzilla! Stubborn stains are no match for us!
Nene: She gave it a name...
Tsukasa: Anyway, let's just leave Emu with it and clean some other areas in the meantime.
Rui: Okay, sounds good.
Tsukasa: Hey, Ms. Supervillain! You and Lionzilla conquer the stage while we go off to find other enemies!
Emu: Muahahaha! Leave it to us!
Tsukasa: She's enjoying laughing like that a little too much...
Rui: Indeed.
Rui: Hehe. I have a feeling we have another interesting year ahead of us.
Nene: Interesting or chaotic?
Tsukasa: We all know what being around Emu entails. Resistance is futile...
Tsukasa: Time to get our turf clean and tidy! Let's make everything shine!
(Black cut)
