173_Tsukasa Tenma_R3 I'll Introduce You! (event_13)

Gacha phrase: Okay, let me introduce you all!!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Emu: Next is the super fun, exciting and psychedelic area known as Dreamland☆
Saki: Whoa...! I used to LOVE this place as a kid!
Tsukasa: Indeed. It's been one of your favorites since you were little. We'd always go to the Trampoline Dome, but you kept begging us to go back in for seconds or even thirds.
Saki: Don't bring up old stories like that, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Ha ha ha! Forgive me, Saki!
Tsukasa: ...
Tsukasa: (At first, the girls kept their distance from Saki when she started going to school again...)
Tsukasa: (But it looks like they've made up and are having a great time together again.)
Tsukasa: Hehe. I'm so proud of Saki.
Nene: Ugh... He's doing that thing again... Talking to himself and grinning like an idiot...
Rui: I'm sure he's just glad to see that his sister and her friends are enjoying the park.
Emu: Yeah! And there's lots and lots more fun to come☆
(Black cut)
Honami: So this is the fun sort of haunted house that you and Tsukasa were talking about...?
Emu: Yup! It's really fun, I promise♪
Tsukasa: (Hm? Saki's going in with Honami...)
Tsukasa: Look after my sister, Honami!
Honami: I will. She'll be safe with me!
Shiho: You sure? You get scared so easily too.
Honami: I-I'll be all right. Tsukasa said this attraction is for people of all ages, from little children to the elderly.
Saki: Yeah! Let's hurry up and get in line!
Honami: Huh? Saki, wait! You shouldn't be running around here!
Tsukasa: Oh, Saki...
Rui: Your sister and her friends seem like they're having a great time.
Rui: But I am a little concerned about Saki. You said she wasn't in very good health?
Tsukasa: Her doctor said she's fine now. Well, as long as she doesn't overexert herself.
Rui: I see. I'm glad to hear that.
Tsukasa: Yes... But I still worry about her sometimes too...
Tsukasa: It still doesn't seem like she knows her limits all that well...
Tsukasa: The other day, she spiked a fever during band practice and nearly collapsed.
Tsukasa: Come to think of it, I caused you some trouble because of that too.
Rui: That was when you said you wouldn't turn up for our rehearsal, wasn't it?
Tsukasa: Indeed. But it turned out to just be a cold and she recovered after a good night's rest.
Tsukasa: However, Saki doesn't want anyone else to worry about her. Not even her own family.
Tsukasa: So she tries to keep quiet about feeling unwell from anyone else...
Rui: Ah...
Tsukasa: But you know, when she was on the committee for her school's Sports Festival, she took part in both organizing the event and the competitions!
Tsukasa: So I guess she's gotten better at monitoring her health and keeping her activities within reason.
Tsukasa: She still does occasionally forget herself... But the girls are there to look out for her.
Rui: Yes, having good friends is very important.
Tsukasa: Yeah. Unlike when we were kids, I can't always be by Saki's side nowadays.
Tsukasa: It's reassuring for me to know she's got friends who do that in my stead.
Rui: Hehe...
Tsukasa: Hm? What is it?
Rui: Oh, it's just remarkable how caring you can be when it comes to your sister...
Tsukasa: Are you saying I don't normally come off as a caring person...?
Rui: Ah, nothing like that. I'm just saying that she's very lucky to have you.
Tsukasa: Well, of course I am...
Staff: Is the next pair ready to go in?
Saki: Yes, we are♪ Let's go, Hona!
Honami: O-Okay!
Tsukasa: Saki and Honami's turn came around...
Emu: I can't wait! I can't wait! When's it gonna be our turn?!
Nene: I don't really care much for haunted houses...
Saki's Voice (Saki): Eeek! A skeleton! Get away! Get away!
Honami's Voice (Honami): Noooo! Don't come this way...!
Tsukasa: ...?!
Nene: Are they really going to be okay? They're screaming so loud, I can hear them out here...
Emu: That must be because they're having sooo much fun! This haunted house is one of my favorites, so I'm super glad!
Tsukasa: How can you say that when they're SCREAMING?!
Tsukasa: This is a family-oriented attraction... What could've made them so scared...?!
Tsukasa: Don't tell me... Maybe the real thing's in there too?!
Emu: Real thing...? Like a REAL ghost?!
Nene: Wait, I really doubt that...
Tsukasa: That blasted ghost! How dare you attack my sister and her friend!
Tsukasa: Looks like I must exorcise it myself!
Nene: Ts-Tsukasa, where are you...?!
Emu: Hey, no fair! I wanna do some ghost-busting too!
Rui: Well, well. I did say she's lucky to have him, but maybe I should take that back...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma)

(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_a000003/bg_a000003.webp)

(Memory cut-in)

Little Saki (Saki): Did you see how cool that person was, Tsukasa?! They're all sparkly!
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): (I haven't seen Saki smile like this in forever!)
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): (And it's not just Saki... That main performer's singing and dancing is putting a huge smile on mom and dad's faces too!)
Little Saki (Saki): This is so much fun! I never want it to end... If only we could watch this every day!
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Saki...
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): I know! If we can't go to the show, then...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

[Tsukasa's Room]

Tsukasa: Costume, script... Perfect, that should be everything!
Tsukasa: I have to give this performance all I've got, for the sake of the throngs of my loyal fans eagerly awaiting my appearance on stage!
Tsukasa: And I even had a dream last night that really took me back...
Tsukasa: (That day, I realized my true calling is to become a star...)
Tsukasa: (I started putting on improvised plays for Saki, trying to make my own renditions of musicals...)
Tsukasa: (Hold on... Come to think of it, it was only the other day that I had Saki see me on a real stage for the first time.)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsukasa: (I made Saki and her friends smile...)
Tsukasa: Heh. It looks like I've come one step closer to the stars Saki and I saw when we were little.
Tsukasa: But my goal is to become the world's greatest star! Heh heh heh!
Saki: Hey, Tsukasa!
Saki: Wow, that's a big grin. What's up...?
Tsukasa: Ah, Saki. I realized that I'm making good progress towards reaching ultimate stardom.
Saki: Hehe, that's cool! So, are you ready to head out to work?
Tsukasa: Hm? I am, but why do you ask...?
Saki: Teehee! I was about to leave for my band practice too, so I thought we could walk together part of the way!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Neighborhood]

Saki: You've got a show today too? Wow, you're so busy!
Tsukasa: This is nothing. When we were just getting started as Wonderlands×Showtime, we were putting on five shows each day.
Tsukasa: Compared to then, this is much easier.
Tsukasa: And you were out and about all day yesterday. Don't overdo it, okay?
Saki: I'm totally fine! If anything... Having a great day out energized me!
Saki: And I promised Shiho that I'd make up spending the entire day on fun by practicing extra hard!
Tsukasa: Okay, as long as you keep it within reason. Just make sure you take care of yourself.
Saki: You got it!
Saki: Come to think of it, you're always doing so much for me...
Saki: Do you remember that musical we saw? You know, when we were little?
Tsukasa: Of course. How could I ever forget?
Tsukasa: (Well, I kind of did forget until Miku, KAITO and that bunny plushie reminded me of it...)
Saki: I told you I wanted to see shows like that every day, but I wasn't well enough to go out back then.
Saki: So what you did was create your own shows and perform them in front of me.
Tsukasa: What made you think of that now?
Saki: Um... I just thought about it recently and it made me wonder...
Saki: It was around that time when you started talking about becoming a star... Was it all for me?
Tsukasa: Indeed. You hit the nail on its head...
Tsukasa: You were so frail, and all I wanted was to find a way to make you happy.
Tsukasa: Musicals were the answer.
Tsukasa: But that is just the beginning of my legend...!
Saki: Huh?
Tsukasa: Now my goal is to become the world's biggest star and delight the masses with my shows!
Tsukasa: The actors from that musical we saw back then... They captivated you, Dad, Mom... All of us! And were just absolutely incredible!
Tsukasa: Now, it's my turn to shine! I will entertain everyone that comes to watch each and every time!
Tsukasa: And of course, Saki, you'll always get to be there too!
Saki: Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: Just you wait, Saki! I... Nay, my troupe and I will bring you the best in theatrical entertainment!
Tsukasa: Our shows will spark smiles all around not just Phoenix Wonderland, but the entire world... No, the entire universe!
Saki: Haha! So you literally want UNIVERSAL acclaim? Your ambitions are out of this world!
Saki: But you and your friends might just be able to do it.
Tsukasa: Of course! There are no limits for Wonderlands×Showtime!
Tsukasa: Ha ha ha ha ha!
(Black cut)
