184_Tsukasa Tenma_R2 Balloon Presenter (event_15)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Tsukasa's Room]

Tsukasa: Honestly, who do they think they are?!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsukasa: I never intended to butt into another family's business...! But those two were just...!
Saki: Tsukasa, welcome home!
Tsukasa: Hm? Oh, I'm home...
Saki: Whoa, Tsukasa? Is everything okay?
Tsukasa: Huh? Oh, uhh... No, something unpleasant actually did come up...
Saki: It's rare to see you this angry.
Saki: Here, try some of these chips♪ You'll feel better in no time!
Tsukasa: Wait... Those are your favorite! Are you sure?
Saki: Of course! Come, sit with me!
Tsukasa: *Sob*... I... I don't deserve to have such a wonderful little sister! My eyes might be starting to well up... Thank you very much, Saki!
Saki: Oh, quit exaggerating. So what made you so mad?
Tsukasa: Well...
Tsukasa: (Wait... If she learns about what's going on with Emu, I'll end up making her worry too...)
Tsukasa: I witnessed these two men were berating their little sister and...
Tsukasa: It sounded like there was a specific reason behind what they did, but to go as far as they did...!
Tsukasa: Ugh... Remembering it all is making my blood boil again...
Saki: They really must've been mean to her...
Tsukasa: Yes, they were! One of them made an insult right at her face...!
Tsukasa: The other just let it all happen and didn't feel compelled at all to stop it!
Saki: What?! That poor girl...! She doesn't deserve to be treated like that!
Tsukasa: Right?! I don't care what their reason was! No big brother should ever act so disgracefully!
Tsukasa: Luckily, we were there to step in. Rui even gave them a few good comebacks and really shut them up!
Saki: Oh! Way to go, Rui!
Tsukasa: Yes. I thought he did magnificently as well. Unfortunately, it sounds like they'll be back sooner rather than later.
Tsukasa: The girl's gone quiet and doesn't want to talk about it either...
Tsukasa: We want to help her but don't know what to do.
Saki: I see... You really had a rough day, didn't you?
Saki: Here! Have some more snacks♪
Tsukasa: Thank you...
Saki: ...
Tsukasa: Hm? What's wrong? You seem happy...
Saki: Hehehe. I was just thinking that I'm glad I have you as my big brother!
Tsukasa: Huh? Of course you are! There is no one else like me in this world... No, this universe!
Saki: No, that's not what I'm talking about!
Tsukasa: I only speak the truth. But what is it then? 
Saki: You always put my needs first before everything else, right?
Saki: So that I'll be happy or won't ever be sad or...
Tsukasa: Yes, I do...
Saki: And you're always careful about hygiene, like washing your hands and stuff, so that I don't catch a nasty bug or something...
Saki: Or when a classmate looks like they're coming down with something, you make sure that I can see them without catching what they have...
Saki: Plus, you always have a scarf and ear muffs ready to make sure I stay warm.
Tsukasa: So what? That's all stuff any big brother should be doing.
Saki: No, you're wrong. As far as I know, you're the only one that dotes on their little sister this much.
Tsukasa: Huh? I am?
Saki: You are! There's absolutely no one else that takes better care of their little sister than you, Tsukasa!
Saki: Maybe the only one in the entire universe!
Tsukasa: ...
Saki: You mean just that much to me too! You're the best big brother out there!
Saki: Which is also why I'm sure you'll be able to help that girl who's being picked on by her big brothers too!
Saki: No, I'm not sure. I know you will! I believe in you, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: ...!!
Tsukasa: Heh... Hehehe! Hah hah hah hah hah!!
Tsukasa: Of course! I am the winged horse that soars through the skies! The world will know the name, Tsukasa Tenma! Nay! Tsukasa the Pegasus!
Tsukasa: I am the greatest big brother of all, and destined to be the greatest star ever! Anything is possible for me!
Saki: Yeah! You can do it! Woohoo!
Tsukasa: Just you wait, Saki! I will succeed!!
Tsukasa: (I still don't know what Emu is actually dealing with, but I won't just let her suffer like this!)
Tsukasa: (We'll find a way to help her somehow!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Hey. Have you finished cleaning up...? Hm?
Emu: ...
Tsukasa: (Why's Emu sitting all alone in the corner over there...?)
Tsukasa: (What if...? Is she letting something eat away at her again without telling us anything?)
Tsukasa: Emu, what's wrong? What aren't you telling us?
Emu: Huh?
Tsukasa: If there's something on your mind, wouldn't it be better if the four of us dealt with it together?
Tsukasa: It's okay! You can tell me!
Emu: Tsukasa...!
(Black cut)
Mascot: ...
(Black cut)
Emu: Thanks! In that case... Let's figure out what kind of butterfly this caterpillar will turn into! 
Tsukasa: Huh? A ca-ca-caterpillar?!
Emu: Yeah! See! It has this cute pattern on its side...!
Tsukasa: Eeeek...!
Tsukasa: No, you fool! Don't come any closer!
Mascot: ...
Tsukasa: (That sharp look in her eyes...! Is what I just said bothering her that much?)
Tsukasa: (No, jokes don't work on her. She could come at me at any moment. I should just try to let her down nice and easy...)
Tsukasa: Oh, hahaha. Emu, you jest. Would you mind not coming any closer to me with that?
Emu: Huh? Tsukasa, are you okay? What happened all the sudden? Did you eat something weird?
Tsukasa: Guh?! I said don't come any closer...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Emu: Hehehe! Today was so much fun, wasn't it♪
Tsukasa: Oh, really...? I guess you feel much better now so... Hahaha...
Rui: Hehe. We'll clean up the rest while you take a break, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Oh, thank goodness.
Emu: Then let's race to see who can clean up the most! Yahohoy♪
Tsukasa: *Sigh*... Being Emu's plaything is tougher than any practice or rehearsal.
Tsukasa: Sometimes it feels harder than putting all of Rui's ideas into practice...
Mascot: You...
Tsukasa: Bwah?!
Tsukasa: (He's always with Emu... What does he want with me?!)
Tsukasa: (Wait! Maybe it's because I called Emu a name during that little squabble...!)
Mascot: ...
Tsukasa: ...
Mascot: I never thought this sort of day would come...
Mascot: Thank you for supporting Ms. Emu...
Tsukasa: Huh...?!
Mascot: Ms. Emu is rather stubborn...
Mascot: She wishes to see everyone smile... She wishes to protect those smiles and is more determined than anyone else in that matter...
Mascot: And she was most afraid of doing something to rob someone of their precious smile...
Tsukasa: Yes. It does seem that way...
Mascot: As much as we'd like to be more sympathetic to her ideas, we are unfortunately in no position to do so.
Mascot: By doing so, we would no longer be able to physically be by her side...
Tsukasa: ...
Mascot: But you were able to cross that line... You were able to overcome that hurdle...
Tsukasa: ...!
Mascot: Thanks to your efforts, it seems like Ms. Emu will open up more now...
Mascot: Which is also why you are not to take any half-measures regarding this matter.
Tsukasa: Half-measures? Who is that directed towards? There's no way any of us won't do everything we can.
Tsukasa: How can we make others smile if we can't make one of our own friends smile first?
Mascot: Good. Don't ever forget that...
Tsukasa: Yes, a star never breaks any promises. Stand witness to what we are about to achieve!
Emu: Tsukasa, I'm back!
Rui: You seemed to be chatting up a storm with Mr. Mascot. Anything interesting?
Tsukasa: Huh? Oh, it was nothing.
Tsukasa: He essentially told me to look out for our stubborn little princess here.
Emu: Stubborn? Princess? Who's that?
Tsukasa: Who else could it be other than you?!
Emu: Me?!
Tsukasa: Yes! We have a mountain that's too high and a valley that's too low to deal with!
Nene: Are you sure that's actually how that goes?
Tsukasa: Forget the details! I'm doing it. That's that!
Emu: Hehehe♪ I'm not really sure what you're talking about, but... Yay☆
(Black cut)
