186_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Big Brother's Agony (event_16)

Gacha phrase: Sigh... I have no choice now, do I...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Tsukasa's Room]

Tsukasa: Just one week left until the Doll Festival...
Tsukasa: (Saki's in good health as well, so she should finally be able to enjoy it the way she deserves.)
Tsukasa: (Her being in the hospital made it so she really couldn't enjoy it properly, but we can make up for all of that this year!)
Tsukasa: Which is why my little surprise is going to play a vital role in this celebration.
Tsukasa: Hehehe. She won't know what to do with herself when she finds out what I'm getting her!
Tsukasa: But first, I need to find out what kind to get and where...
Saki: Tsukasa? You're still awake?
Tsukasa: Y-Yes! Yes, I am...!
Tsukasa: You're up late as well...!
Saki: Oh, yeah... I'm just...
Tsukasa: Saki...?
Saki: I was always in the hospital around this time of year, so my mind's been sort of wandering in that direction...
Saki: Then I saw that the light was still on in your room, so I came to take a peek...
Saki: Hehe. I know you're not alone anymore, but I couldn't help myself...
Tsukasa: Saki...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Little Saki (Saki): You have to go home soon, don't you, Tsukasa...?
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): You're right, I do...
Little Saki (Saki): It'll be dark by the time you get home...
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Oh...
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): (It'll be dark and I'll be all alone.)
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): If you ever start feeling lonely, Saki, just try thinking about all the plays and books we talked about!
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): That way, you'll feel better knowing that we can play tomorrow and fall right asleep!
Little Saki (Saki): Okay...! You're really coming tomorrow too, right?
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Of course! I'll come back tomorrow and we can compete to see who finds that man in the striped shirt the fastest!
Little Saki (Saki): Hehe. I really like those books, so you won't beat me that easily!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (Saki's always seemed like she was happy and full of energy, but I knew she didn't like having to spend nights at the hospital all by herself...)
Tsukasa: (I thought everything would be okay now that she's finally back home with us but...)
Tsukasa: Saki, would you like me to make us some cocoa?
Saki: Hehe. Thanks, Tsukasa... But I'm okay...
Saki: I feel better after just talking to you a little.
Saki: I'm not scared of being all alone at night anymore.
Saki: I know that you, mom and dad are right here with me now.
Saki: Also, I can chat with Ichi and the girls until I doze off too now♪
Tsukasa: Saki, you know that's not good for you.
Saki: Hehe. I know, but it's so much fun♪
Saki: I mean, I can finally go to bed after each day knowing that I had fun and I'm enjoying life!
Saki: I fall asleep each night so excited about what I'm gonna do tomorrow too!
Tsukasa: ...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Saki, you still remember that...?
Saki: I do. It's just like you said, Tsukasa. Think about what was fun that day and what you'll be doing the next.
Saki: Sleeping is a part of that fun for me too♪
Tsukasa: I see. But you need to be careful not to oversleep too. You don't want your perfect attendance to be blemished, do you?
Saki: Yeah, that's true.
Tsukasa: So off to bed with you.
Saki: Okay. Don't stay up too late either, Tsukasa. Good night...
Tsukasa: Good night, Saki.
Saki: Oh, I almost forgot...
Tsukasa: Hm? What is it?
Saki: Let's make this year's Doll Festival the best ever!
Tsukasa: Oh, it will be!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Megurine Luka, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: I haven't been here since the Doll Festival ended...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsukasa: (What Luka said really made me think. Thanks to her, I was able to make up with Saki and give her the Doll Festival party she truly deserved.)
Tsukasa: (As a star, I must show her my gratitude!)
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: I don't see her. Maybe I should look by the stage next...
Tsukasa: Ah, there she is! Hey, Luka...!
Luka: ...
Tsukasa: Huh?! Did she just collapse?!
Tsukasa: L-Luka! What happened?!
Luka: Mhm... Huh? Oh... Hello, Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: What happened to you?! Are you alright?!
Luka: Alright? Why do you ask?
Tsukasa: Because you just collapsed!
Luka: Oh...! Wait, I did...?
Tsukasa: Yes! Don't you remember?!
Luka: Oh really?
Luka: Hehe. I just felt so sleepy just now and felt like rolling around on the grass.
Tsukasa: Wait... Huh?
Tsukasa: Oh, that's right...! You can sleep just about anywhere...
KAITO: Oh, I was wondering who was causing such a commotion, but it was you two...?
Tsukasa: Ah, KAITO! Thank goodness you're here...!
Tsukasa: I thought I saw Luka collapse just now and tried calling out to her...
KAITO: But she was actually just sleep and wanted to lie down somewhere, no?
Tsukasa: Yes, exactly. I was worried there for a second...
KAITO: I appreciate your concern for her. Also, what brings you here today?
Tsukasa: Oh, I almost forgot...
Tsukasa: I apologize for not reporting in sooner, but I came here to tell Luka that I managed to make up with Saki.
Tsukasa: She decided to start using both the old and new dolls together from now on.
Luka: Aww, that's nice. And how did the party go...?
Tsukasa: Excellent! Saki, her friends, myself and even my own friends were all able to celebrate together!
Tsukasa: After I opened with a customary toast, we all chowed down on her favorite snacks and potato chips!
Luka: Go on...
Tsukasa: We played cards and even had a nail biter of a game of Old Maid!
Luka: Hehehe...
Tsukasa: And it's all thanks to you that everything went so well, Luka!
Luka: ...
Tsukasa: You were a lifesaver... Hm?
Luka: ...
Tsukasa: Wait, is she...?
Luka: Zzz... Zzz...
KAITO: Haha. She fell asleep while standing!
Tsukasa: H-How...?!
Tsukasa: Well, at least I was able to tell her before she did. I'd rather not wake her, so I'll be going now.
KAITO: Come back anytime, okay? Miku and Len even said they miss you.
Tsukasa: I will. See you later.
Luka's Voice (Luka): That's nice... So many smiles... Good for you...
Tsukasa: ...!
Tsukasa: Yes, thank you very much!
(Black cut)
