232_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 The Outcome Of My Choice (event_25)

Gacha phrase: What a wonderful view...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Tsukasa: Phew...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rui: This show is all about making everyone remember just what kind of park Phoenix Wonderland is.
Rui: By including every troupe and all the staff, we'll be able to put on a performance unlike any other.
(White cut)
Nene: Also, when do you plan on putting on this show...?
Rui: Ah, I received a nice tip regarding that. It seems that Emu's brothers and their prospective partner will be inspecting the park at the beginning of next month on the last day of the Show Contest.
Rui: I'd like this show to open then.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: So there's a real possibility of the Show Contest being cancelled...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: *Gasp*! You're right! And we came out on top for this round! We did it, Nene!
Nene: R-Really?! Are you sure?!
Tsukasa: We did it!!
Rui: We're still behind them in overall score, but victory is within our reach. Everything hinges on the final round of shows.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: We're right on the coattails of the Phoenix Stage in terms of points for the Show Contest too.
Tsukasa: Our Halloween and Christmas shows have clearly shown that we've been getting better and better each time...!
Tsukasa: Yes! This means we're more than capable of outdoing the Phoenix Stage...!
Tsukasa: Is what I'd like to stand up and say...
Tsukasa: ...
Tsukasa: This commercial was supposed to be my chance to finally show the world just how talented I am and how much I shine in the spotlight...
Tsukasa: No, nevermind that! We're doing this for Emu and all those smiling faces that truly love Phoenix Wonderland!
Tsukasa: (Saki included. This park helped create so many wonderful memories for us...)
Tsukasa: (Emu's right. Phoenix Wonderland needs to stay that way.)
Tsukasa: Alright...!
Saki: Hey, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Hm? Oh, Saki. Yes, what is it?
Saki: I'm about to fix up some ice cream for myself. Do you want some too?
Tsukasa: Ah, excellent! That would be lovely!
Saki: Okay! Oh, also... Is everything okay?
Saki: When you left the house this morning, you seemed really excited and shouted that Project Something Something was about to start...
Saki: But just now, you were clutching your head like something was really bothering you...
Tsukasa: Oh, do you mean Project Wonder? That is all set and ready to go!
Tsukasa: I can't wait for everything to get underway! Hah hah hah!
Saki: That's only making me worry more... There's something going on, isn't there?
Tsukasa: ...
Tsukasa: (Hmm... If I'm not careful here, she'll start feeling even more concerned...)
Tsukasa: I assure you, it's nothing... Something unexpected came up is all.
Saki: Are you in trouble or something?
Tsukasa: It's that... Project Wonder is a top secret mission that I'm on and not exactly privy to telling you much more than this...
Tsukasa: Think of it as having two treasure chests...
Saki: Treasure chests?
Tsukasa: Yes. Imagine that there are two treasure chests sitting right in front of you. You also happen to know that both contain unimaginable spoils.
Tsukasa: In my current situation, I know exactly which chest I should choose...
Tsukasa: I should choose it but...
Tsukasa: The other one contains something that I've been seeking for such a long time and would not know what to do without it...
Saki: I see...
Tsukasa: But fear not. I dealt with this predicament and decided which to choose just now!
Tsukasa: I won't be looking back as I open the chest that I should be opening!
Saki: Hehe. That's great!
Saki: Oh, about that ice cream I mentioned. Our choices are chocolate chip and vanilla. Which do you want, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Oh, let me think... Which are you getting, Saki?
Saki: Whichever one you don't get!
Tsukasa: Huh? But you should have the first pick, no?
Saki: No! I'd rather have the one you don't want, Tsukasa♪
Saki: Anyways, you better hurry or they'll both start melting...!
Tsukasa: Saki...
Tsukasa: Okay. Chocolate chip it is!
Tsukasa: Also, why don't we just share them both?
Saki: Huh? But...
Tsukasa: Why not have them both together instead of separately?
Tsukasa: (Our choice was clear from the start...)
Tsukasa: (This treasure chest is bound to contain a way that'll help accomplish our immediate goals and make our dreams come true.)
Tsukasa: (No, we will find a way!)
Saki: Hehe. In that case, we're gonna need some bowls! I'll go get some!
Tsukasa: Appreciate it, Saki!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Alright! Project Wonder went off without a hitch, and once Emu gets here, let's start talking about what sorts of shows we'll be doing moving forward.
Rui: Yes, including what we'll be doing as ambassadors as well.
Nene: Yeah, it sounds like Wonderlands×Showtime has gotten pretty famous now too.
Rui: We may have the Show Contest to thank for that since we sat at #1 or #2 through its duration.
Nene: Right. At the same time, things don't really feel all that different.
Emu's Voice (Emu): Hey, everyone! Thanks for waiting...!
Tsukasa: There you are, Emu. Don't worry, we just got here as well...
Tsukasa: What?! W-Where are you going, Emu?!
Emu's Voice (Emu): Huh?
Emu: What are you guys doing all the way over here?
Nene: You're the one that flew past us...
Rui: Hehe. There must be a reason you hurried over here like that. Would you like to tell us?
Emu: Yeah! I was just talking to my brothers about us becoming ambassadors♪
Tsukasa: Great! They did mention something about us performing at venues outside this park...
Tsukasa: Does that mean it's actually happening?!
Emu: No, not yet!
Tsukasa: Gah... Then what is it?
Emu: Uh... They said that it's really important and wanted to sit down with us to talk about it...!
Emu: So they want to set up a meeting.
Rui: Yes, this is quite a big step we'll be taking for Phoenix Wonderland.
Rui: As they say, Rome wasn't built in a day.
Emu: Oh, I almost forgot! They also said that because it's us, people are expecting to see more super amazing stuff like the show we just did♪
Tsukasa: Is that so? Your brothers have finally realized that the sky's the limit for us?!
Tsukasa: Heh. This world will finally be able to bear witness to my greatness.
Nene: Ignoring what he just said, what kinds of shows are we gonna be putting on exactly?
Nene: I have to think that we'll be performing in places with much bigger crowds...
Emu: Hmm... Somewhere away from this park where lots and lots of people hang out...
Emu: I know! It's the Scramble Crossing!!
Nene: That's literally right there...!
Nene: Are you sure your brothers don't want us to go somewhere, you know, a little further away...?
Tsukasa: No, that could actually work. It's somewhere people of all ages gather, including tourists!
Nene: You're kidding, right?!
Rui: Yes, I see. There's also hardly ever a time when that station isn't busy, so performing around there may not be a bad idea.
Rui: We may even be given the opportunity to participate in various events throughout the country.
Nene: You're for this, Rui?!
Rui: Hehe. We're free to speculate all we want, no?
Rui: We could even adjust the themes of each of our shows to match the local cultures of the places we visit. Wouldn't that be something?
Emu: Yeah...! Like, um...! If we go somewhere that snows a lot, we could have a whole show about snowmen♪
Tsukasa: Yes, that would be brilliant!
Nene: Okay, fine... Do whatever you like...
Emu: And if it's somewhere by the sea, we could do a show that takes place underwater!
Tsukasa: Yes, that too...
Tsukasa: No, how on earth would we do that?!
Rui & Emu: Aww...
Tsukasa: Why are you giving me that look?!
Rui: Because it would've been fun to do a show underwater...
Tsukasa: Yes, I know...
Tsukasa: Anyways! Wherever it is we do end up going, what we do won't change!
Tsukasa: We'll be bringing joy to everyone with our shows...!
Rui: Hehehe. Yes, I agree. Well said, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: I appreciate your ideas, but an underwater show is going a little too far...
Rui: But this is when you're supposed to say, Leave it to me! You're supposed to take on these sorts of challenges, Tsukasa...!
Rui: But you're saying no to this...! Why...? Why, Tsukasa...?!
Emu: Please, Rui, don't cry...! Tsukasa, you big meanie! Stop bullying Rui!
Tsukasa: Okay, okay. You won't fool me with this sort of farce. Right, Nene?
Nene: Oh, Tsukasa, you horrible, horrible person...!
Tsukasa: You too?! Don't you all realize just how hard it's going to be to do an entire show underwater?!
Nene: We'll be fine. You can handle all of the tough parts.
Tsukasa: Don't dump it all on me!
Emu: Hahaha!
Tsukasa: Regardless, until we get more details about what we'll be doing, we still have to put on shows here as we always have.
Emu: Yup♪ Oh, I know!
Emu: Until we do know more, what if we do a show about us becoming Phoenix Wonderland's ambassadors?
Rui: I see. Now that we have some name recognition, it could help create even more buzz for us.
Nene: Yeah. That's actually a pretty good idea, Emu.
Emu: Yay! Nene liked my idea♪
Tsukasa: Alright, then we'll run with that idea for our next show!
(Black cut)
