293_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Backstage Encouragement (event_36)

Gacha phrase: You can do it, Hanasato!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Alright, it's about to get dark! Let's call it a day!
Emu: Okay♪ Great work, everyone☆
Nene: Yeah, nice work today.
Rui: Now to clean everything up.
Tsukasa: Right. Let's start with the big props...
Nene: Oh, uh... Before we do, can I say something?
Tsukasa: Hm? Yes?
Emu: Is your tummy rumbling?
Nene: No, Emu, that's you. It's that...
Nene: There's something I'd like to ask you guys to do...
Rui: Ask us?
Tsukasa: This is rare... No matter. Ask away!
Nene: Okay...
Nene: Have you guys heard about the VIRTUAL SINGER Fan Festival event that's happening soon...?
(Black cut)
Rui: I see. And it's held each year to celebrate and show appreciation for VIRTUAL SINGERS...
Tsukasa: Yes, now that you mention it, I do vaguely recall. But what is it that you'd like to ask of us?
Nene: Um...
Nene: So, my friends and I are gonna be performing and...
Tsukasa: Y-You and your friends...?!
Nene: Y-Yeah, and... Well...
Nene: One of them's having a little trouble with their dance sequence, I was wondering if we could invite them here and help them out a little...
Tsukasa: Ne... Ne...
Nene: ...?
Emu: Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Nene's going to bring her friends here?!
Nene: K-Keep it down, will you?! You don't need to yell...!
Tsukasa: I can't help it...! You, Nene Kusanagi, bringing friends over?!
Tsukasa: All you do at school is play games on your phone all alone...! Not only that, you don't really like talking to strangers...!
Tsukasa: But... But you have real friends!
Nene: Can I slap him now...?
Rui: Hehe. There, there.
Emu: Yeah, Nene, what are your friends like?!
Tsukasa: *Gasp* Yes, of course...!
Tsukasa: We'll need to hear all about them so that we can put on a welcoming party for them!
Nene: No, that really won't be necessary.
Nene: Anyway... You guys already know Hoshino. She's actually the one who told me about the Fan Festival.
Tsukasa: Ah, Ichika! She's liked Miku for as long as I can remember, and I even remember her saying that she wanted to perform in this event one day.
Nene: Then there's Azusawa. She's the one Emu calls “Hammie”.
Rui: Ah, our #1 fan.
Emu: Oh wow! That means we get to have practice with Ichika and Kohane! Yay☆
Nene: Oh, there's also one more. She's an idol from a group called MORE MORE JUMP!
Tsukasa: MORE MORE JUMP!...?
Nene: Yeah, she also goes to Miya Girls. I'm sure you already know her, Emu. Her name's Hanasato...
Emu: Oh, you mean Minori?!
Nene: Yeah. She's actually who I was originally talking about. I was hoping that we could help her out a little.
Nene: This might sort of fall squarely on your shoulders, Rui.
Rui: I don't mind. But about her group's name. I could've sword I'd heard it before... MORE MORE...
Nene: When we went to the highlands to train, right? Airi Momoi and Shizuku Hinomori are also a part of that group...
Tsukasa: Ah, I knew it! It's Airi Momoi's group!
Emu: You know about them, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Saki's a huge fan!
Tsukasa: I'm actually more surprised by the fact that Rui seems to know who they are. Why is that?
Rui: I don't know actually them personally or anything. There's a couple of degrees of separation between us.
Rui: One of them being Mizuki.
Tsukasa: Ah, of course! Akiyama does seem to know quite a few people.
Emu: Mizuki? Akiyama...?
Rui: Oh, you haven't met them yet, have you, Emu?
Rui: Mizuki and I went to the same junior high school, and is currently a first year at Kamiyama.
Rui: Mizuki's even the one who designed my and Nene and Robo-Nene's costumes.
Tsukasa & Nene: Huh...?
Emu: Whoa! Your friend made those! That's so cool!
Tsukasa: Wait, hold on! This is news to me!
Nene: Same.
Rui: Oh, pardon my indiscretion. I wasn't sure if it was okay for me to tell anyone this.
Tsukasa: Nonsense! If what you say is true, your friend has been a key part of Wonderlands×Showtime's success from the very beginning!
Tsukasa: I'd like to thank your friend for what they've done for us.
Nene: M-Me too...
Rui: Hehe. It seems a little late to...
Tsukasa: Because you didn't tell us!
Emu: I wanna join too since you're all going to say thank you♪
Tsukasa: You don't go to our school, so you'll just have to wait!
Emu: Aww...
Nene: It's a little late for that too.
Nene: Hehe.
Emu: Haha.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Len: Oh, finally!
Rin: Yay! You're here!
MEIKO: Welcome, everyone♪
Luka: Zzz...
Tsukasa: And still, Luka can sleep through all this racket...
KAITO: To her, it may sound like some sort of lullaby.
Rin: Nene! Nene! How'd the Fan Festival go? Was it fun?
Len: You practiced a lot with your friends, right? Tell us how everything went!
Nene: Okay, okay. Will you all just calm down?
KAITO: We'll be rehearsing on stage today, so mind telling us after we make our way over?
Rin: Okay, sure. Let's go, Nene♪
Nene: Okay, okay.
Len: You guys saw Nene sing too, right, Emu, Rui?
Emu: Yup! We even got to see everyone else perform so we've got lots to talk about!
MEIKO: Wonderful! We'd love to hear all about it♪
Luka: Zzz...
MEIKO: Luka, wake up!
Rui: Hehe. We'll have to do our best not to disappoint.
Tsukasa: They always get so worked up each time we visit here.
KAITO: Hehe. Never a dull moment. Anyway, shall we?
Tsukasa: Yes, let's... Hm? Come to think of it, I haven't seen any sign of Miku. Especially since she's usually the one charging into all of our conversations.
KAITO: Oh, she's a little busy right now...
KAITO: Mind if we chat for a minute once we get to the stage?
Tsukasa: ...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mikudayo Mascot: Mikudayo☆
Tsukasa: Aaahhhhh!! Huh? Miku...?
Tsukasa: It's been so long that I'd completely forgotten. That was quite an entrance.
KAITO: Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you like that. I'm sure you've already guessed...
Tsukasa: Yes, Miku's the one inside.
Mikudayo Mascot: That's right. Mikudayo♪
Mikudayo Mascot: Operation: Miku's Big Surprise was all ready to go, but I couldn't move all of a sudden...
KAITO: Mikudayo's leg got wedged in and stuck while off stage, and I couldn't get her out myself.
KAITO: I was going to ask MEIKO but... I was afraid that she'd get a little carried away...
Mikudayo Mascot: Then, Mikudayo would've been in real danger. Maybe in many pieces too.
Mikudayo Mascot: But you saved me last time, Tsukasa♪ I feel much better now that you're here.
Tsukasa: O-Okay...?
Tsukasa: Anyway, you need a hand, yes?
KAITO: Yes, if you don't mind.
Tsukasa: Okay, here we go... One, two...!
Mikudayo Mascot: Oh, there! I'm free! Thanks, KAITO, Tsukasa!
Mikudayo Mascot: I'm free☆ I'm finally free☆
Tsukasa: There she goes...
KAITO: I believe she wants to show herself off to Emu and the others.
KAITO: Thank you for your help, Tsukasa. And thank you for always looking after Miku like this.
Tsukasa: No, it's the least I can do considering everything you've all done for us. I should be the one thanking you.
Tsukasa: So, thank you, for all the help you've given us.
KAITO: Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: It seems only fitting since the VIRTUAL SINGER Fan Festival was held just recently.
KAITO: Hehe. There's no need to be so formal. We're all friends here, aren't we?
KAITO: We just enjoy seeing the way you and your troupe have grown, and we feel so much joy when you make real progress.
Tsukasa: Thanks.
Tsukasa: Also, I see...
KAITO: Hm? Y-Yes? Why are you looking at me like that?
Tsukasa: Just the other day, MEIKO was talking about how you're turning into the plushies' father of sorts, and I finally understood what she meant by that just now.
KAITO: Haha... I'd really rather be their “big brother” instead of their “father”...
Tsukasa: Regardless, your “siblings” already seem like quite a handful...
KAITO: Haha. Not necessarily.
KAITO: They do run me ragged sometimes, but it always ends up being fun in the end.
KAITO: You know what I mean by that, don't you, Tsukasa?
KAITO: The joy you feel whenever any of your siblings smiles and laughs.
Tsukasa: Oh...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Yes, I do!
Tsukasa: When someone I care about feels happy, I can't help but feel happy myself.
Tsukasa: Smiles are really incredible, aren't they?
Tsukasa: And shows serve as a source of those smiles!
KAITO: Yes, they certainly do.
KAITO: Let's keep making as many shows as we can.
Tsukasa: Yes, and make as many people as we can smile from ear to ear!
(Black cut)
