357_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Dance! And! Sing! (event_46)

Gacha phrase: My name is Tsukasa Tenma!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Airport]

Tsukasa: Hm...? Oh, that was quick.
Rui: What was quick?
Tsukasa: I just let Saki know that we're in the United States and she already sent back a reply.
Saki: <Whoa! All the signs and stuff are in English! And it's still light out over there! I can't believe you're actually in America!>
Saki: <You had me worried for a second when you came running home to grab a change of clothes, but I'm glad you guys made it!>
Tsukasa: And I'll let her know by saying... <We should be just fine now.>
Emu: Oh, what did Saki say when you told her about us going to visit the United States?!
Tsukasa: What did she say? She naturally gave us her blessing and said, “Go learn as much as you can!”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[A few days earlier]

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: What?! As in the United States of America...?!
Tsukasa: Yes, I've already mentioned this to Mom, but we'll be going there to visit Riley Dream Park.
Tsukasa: Of course, to see what their shows are like.
Saki: Wow, I'm so jealous...!
Saki: You're talking about THE Riley Dream Park, right? The huge theme park that's always on TV and stuff.
Saki: I know you're gonna be busy learning about how they do things over there, but do you think you could get something for me?
Tsukasa: Absolutely! We're supposed to have time to go around the park, so finding a few souvenirs shouldn't be an issue!
Saki: Yay! Thanks, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Also, Saki, I'll only be gone a few days, so try not to feel too lonely.
Tsukasa: And be sure to do whatever Mom says, alright? Don't forget to brush your teeth, try not to stay up too late and... 
Saki: I'm in high school now, Tsukasa! I'm not a little kid anymore!
Saki: Honestly, I could be saying the same for you. Be careful while you're over there, okay?
Saki: You're gonna be jet lagged on top of having to deal with a language barrier.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! Those are non-issues for a future star such as myself!
Saki: Are you sure...?
Saki: Still, you keep saying “future star”, but that future could be just around the corner...
Saki: I mean, you guys were chosen to become ambassadors for Phoenix Wonderland.
Saki: I still remember when you went off to that interview to become a cast member like it was yesterday.
Tsukasa: Audition, not interview!
Saki: Haha! Yeah, that!
Saki: But you guys really are amazing.
Saki: Your troupe was doing tons of shows every day while I was still just thinking that it'd be fun to be in a band.
Saki: Sure, we've decided to try and go pro together, and even started doing shows at a live house... But we still don't really know how to draw a crowd.
Tsukasa: Chalk it up to growing pains.
Tsukasa: We didn't start off on the right foot either. Our first show was a disaster and had to work very hard just to get back to square one.
Tsukasa: We were scrambling just to do five shows in one day while trying to make as many people as we could smile.
Saki: You guys went through that too...?
Saki: Does that mean our band's gonna be able to do what you guys can do if we work hard enough?
Tsukasa: Of course!
Tsukasa: You girls have been working diligently every day and even have a set goal in mind! To become professional musicians!
Tsukasa: I'm sure your efforts will be rewarded. Or rather... It's up to all of you to make it happen!
Saki: It's up to us...?
Saki: Yeah, you're right! It's our dream after all!
Tsukasa: Exactly! So listen up, Saki. “You have to make your own luck, and working hard will help you do that.”
Tsukasa: Those are the words of a star that I admire and I've taken that to heart!
Tsukasa: You yourself will have to make your own luck and create your own opportunities because fate is not so kind or generous!
Saki: Haha. Fate might be pushing it a bit too far.
Saki: But thanks, Tsukasa!
Saki: I promise to keep doing my best, so go learn as much as you can, okay?
Tsukasa: I will!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (Saki's right. I should see, experience and learn as much as possible while I'm here!)
Tsukasa: (And as her brother, as well as someone who's also chasing after a dream, I'll need to set a good example for her!)
Nene: I knew something was up when he just suddenly clammed up. Look at that dumb grin on his face...
Emu: Maybe Saki sent him a funny reply?
Rui: Who knows? Also, we seem to be trailing Emu's brothers by quite a bit now.
Nene: What?! W-Wait for us! I'm not about to get lost just after arriving!
Emu: C-Come back, Tsukasa! We're gonna get left behind!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[A few days after returning]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Everyone, let's begin exchanging information regarding what we all learned from our trip to Riley Dream Park!
Emu: Yeah!
Tsukasa: You all made sure to write everything down, right?!
Emu: Yeah!
Nene: I missed this... We were only gone for a few days, but this idiotic banter really makes it feel like we've come home.
Rui: Hehe. We definitely had plenty to discuss while we were in the U.S., but there really is nothing quite like being back at the Wonder Stage.
Tsukasa: Nene, Rui! Focus! Do you have your lists ready?
Nene: Yeah, yeah. Also, we're just bouncing ideas off each other, not having a focused discussion.
Nene: I get that you're excited about getting back on stage but we need to get back to practicing, so can we get this over with?
Tsukasa: Yes, you're right. Alright, let's begin!
Emu: Oh, me! Pick me! When I saw how big and sparkly the main entrance was, I yelled, “Wowee♪”
Tsukasa: Ah, I see! What did she mean by that, Rui...?
Rui: You could try a little harder...
Rui: The main entrance was indeed spectacular and does a very good job of getting all the visitors excited about the park. I was impressed by it as well.
Emu: Yeah, what he said♪
Tsukasa: You expected me to figure all that out?!
Tsukasa: However, I felt the same thing. That park had a way of overwhelming visitors with its majesty.
Nene: Me too. My favorite part was when all these buildings and objects I'd seen in the movies came into view after passing through the gate. I really felt like a kid again.
Rui: Not only that, each area had a wonderful design to it.
Rui: Of course, the castle from “The Little Kingdom” was magnificent, but I was absolutely staggered by how realistic the “Jungle Music” area felt.
Tsukasa: We even got to hear how they consulted with actual botanists, constructed those imitation trees and even researched how jungles smell.
Emu: Yeah! It totally felt like we were in a real jungle!
Nene: Still, the shows we saw were the biggest surprise for me. They were all way too good.
Nene: Every time from start to finish, I was on the edge of my seat waiting to see what happens next.
Rui: Yes, how each cast member portrayed their respective characters and the quality of their action sequences blew me away.
Rui: In particular, that one wire stunt... They somehow made it seem as if they weren't using any wires or contraptions at all.
Rui: But they must also know some clever tricks to be able to pull that off...
Tsukasa: And above all else, the sheer acting ability of each cast member was beyond astonishing.
Tsukasa: They all stayed in character even while putting on those wire harnesses during that one scene. It was as if they'd somehow become a part of their characters' costumes...
Rui: I agree. Normally, you'd put them on while off the stage, but they made it a part of their act.
Tsukasa: Exactly...
Tsukasa: (If I were to do that scene right now, I doubt I'd be able to maintain my composure the way they did.)
Tsukasa: (I can't even begin to imagine how much they had to practice to achieve such acting ability...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (The king and prince especially... Their struggle seemed so real... They felt... Alive...)
Rui: Tsukasa...? Hello...?
Tsukasa: ...!
Rui: You seemed deep in thought just now. Is something bothering you?
Tsukasa: Ah, sorry. I was just going over that one show we saw in my head.
Nene: I know how you feel. The scenes that completely blew me away immediately pop back into my head every time I start thinking about that show.
Emu: Yeah! Because it really was a super amazing show!
Rui: Indeed. We should thank Mr. Riley for giving us the chance to see it.
Tsukasa: Yes, we definitely should!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Alright, I believe that's everything in terms of what impressed us the most during our trip!
Emu: Yup! I've got everything written down too☆
Nene: Thanks, Emu.
Nene: But it might take a while until we're able to use some of these ideas in our shows.
Tsukasa: To be fair, our stage, as well as this park, aren't exactly on the same scale.
Tsukasa: But we can use what we learned to make up for that!
Rui: I agree. I'm sure we'll be drawing upon what we experienced quite a bit moving forward.
Emu: Yup yup♪ My heart's going vroom-vroom already☆
Tsukasa: As is mine!
Tsukasa: Since we're setting out to put on shows that can make everybody smile, we'll need to put a polish on our existing ones first!
Emu, Nene & Rui: Yeah!
(Black cut)
