385_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 An Emergency Meeting?! (event_51)

Gacha phrase: Looks like I have no choice but to help out!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Alright, that should be enough practice for today...
Rui: We seem to be coming along nicely. At this pace, we'll be ready just in time for our next regular showing.
Nene: Yeah. All we really need to do at this point is work on how we present ourselves and polish up the climax.
Emu: Oh, me next! I wanna keep practicing our song☆
Tsukasa: Yes, that's going to be the most crucial part of our show. Why not?
Rui: In that case, why don't we work on that this weekend?
Nene: Wait, aren't they doing maintenance on the stage this weekend? I thought we couldn't practice because of that.
Rui: You are correct. As such, we'll have to practice over in SEKAI.
Rui: We need the stage to work out the finer details in terms of how we present ourselves as we rehearse, but we can practice our song without a stage.
Rui: However, I'm sure some of us have already made plans for then since this was originally scheduled as a break, so this practice won't be mandatory.
Emu: Woohoo! Practice in SEKAI♪ I'm totally going☆
Nene: I think I'll go too. Honestly, I'll probably just end up playing games all day if I don't.
Rui: How about you, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Hmm...
Nene: What's wrong?
Tsukasa: My apologies. I'm scheduled to work as an extra for a show this weekend, so I won't be able to join you.
Emu: Oh, okay... That's too bad.
Nene: An extra for a show? Like that time you were in a flash mob for a wedding?
Tsukasa: Yes! We ran into some trouble, which led to me asking Toya and Rui for their help...
Tsukasa: But things are going to be different this time! I plan on using this opportunity to grow and shine as an actor!
Rui: By the way, where will you be performing following our little wedding stunt?
Tsukasa: I'll be in a surprise show at the Chocolate Factory. As its name suggests, it's a place where chocolate is made.
Emu: Th-The Chocolate Factory?!
Tsukasa: Yes, it opened just recently too.
Tsukasa: On top of having a museum, the visitors will apparently have a chance to make their own chocolate-based sweets in this massive kitchen area.
Nene: Yeah, I've heard about other places like that... But what kind of show are you gonna be doing?
Tsukasa: It is after all a surprise. The visitors won't know what's coming, and we won't have any idea as to how they're going to react to it.
Tsukasa: It'll be a wonderful challenge!
Tsukasa: A star such as myself needs to be able to keep a show going regardless of the situation...
Tsukasa: I don't know what this place will have in store for me, but I'll just have to deal with whatever comes my way!
Rui: I see. Real experience is certainly a good way to learn how to flexibly handle any issue.
Emu: Break a leg, Tsukasa☆ Also, watch out for sudden tummy aches.
Tsukasa: R-Right...
Tsukasa: I plan to not eat too much or too little the night before in order to prevent that from happening.
Nene: To be fair, what happened that other time wasn't really your fault.
Rui: Hehe. But if something like that does happen again, you're always free to give us a call.
Tsukasa: I appreciate it. However...
Tsukasa: There's another matter that I've been meaning to discuss with you.
Rui: ...?
(Black cut)
Emu: Okay, see you tomorrow!
Tsukasa: See you! Get home safe! Don't forget to look both ways before crossing any streets!
Nene: Yeah, yeah.
Rui: So what is it that you'd like to discuss...?
Tsukasa: Rui, it's almost White Day. Do you already know what you're getting Emu and the others?
Rui: Ah, so that's what this is about. I'm building some mini robots for them.
Rui: They'll even be able to pop out chocolates when someone says, “I'd like some chocolate.”
Tsukasa: R-Robots with voice recognition...? 
Rui: Yes. I'm not much of a cook, so I plan to just buy some chocolates while letting my other skills speak for themselves.
Tsukasa: Yes, I see...
Rui: I take it you're still undecided?
Tsukasa: Correct...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Emu: Tsukasa, Nene, Rui! Happy Valentine's Day!!
Tsukasa: Is this?! A chocolate cake?!
Nene: I had a feeling that you were up to something, Emu, but I wasn't expecting anything like this... I mean, you made this cake, right...?
Miku (WxS): This is incredible! Look at all the plushies that are lined up together!
Rui: Ah, they appear to be macarons. It must've taken quite a bit of effort to create such a masterpiece of a cake.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Baking that cake must've taken a monumental effort.
Tsukasa: I'm worried that I won't be able to match that at all.
Rui: I don't blame you. Fortunately, you still have some time to come up with a good idea.
Rui: Speaking of which, I saw KAITO and Len also working on something. You may want to ask them as well.
Tsukasa: I see. I'll do that the next chance I get...
Tsukasa: (Rui's already come up with an idea for a return gift based on his own skills...)
Tsukasa: (Which means I should do the same!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[A few days after White Day]

[Kamiyama High School]

Tsukasa: Now, what to do about lunch today...
Rui: I'm still undecided. Oh, is that...?
Tsukasa: Well, if it isn't Toya and Akito... Akiyama's with them today too.
Rui: You're right. When's the last time we saw them? White Day?
Tsukasa: Now that you mention it, I haven't had a chance to ask how White Day went for them...
Tsukasa: Alright, why don't we ask them to join us for lunch...?
Tsukasa: Toya, Akito, Akiyama! Are you about to have lunch?
Akito: Ugh...
Toya: Yes, are you two about to have lunch as well?
Rui: We are. Why don't we all have lunch together?
Toya: Really? Thank you.
Mizuki: Yeah, that sounds great! This should be fun♪
Akito: Fun...? Don't you mean obnoxious?
Toya: Oh, Tsukasa. I heard that your show at the Chocolate Factory went very well.
Tsukasa: Ah, did Akito and Akiyama tell you already?
Toya: Yes, they did. I wish I was there to see your performance.
Rui: Hehe. As I. It was incredible to hear how the three of you ended up having to cheer up Tsukasa's fellow cast member.
Toya: Yes, exactly. Being able to cheer them up while keeping the show going is no small feat, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: But I wouldn't have been able to do that on my own.
Tsukasa: Akiyama! Akito! That show wouldn't have gone so well without you two. Thank you both very much!
Mizuki: Hehe. You're welcome.
Akito: First the wedding flash mob, and now this... Seriously, what are the odds...?
Tsukasa: But you did a magnificent job! You were so good with the little ones too.
Mizuki: Yeah, you were like their bright and cheerful big brother♪
Akito: Thanks, I guess?
Tsukasa: While we're on the subject, there's something I'd like to ask you two.
Tsukasa: Were you able to give everyone the chocolates you made that day?
Akito: Huh? I mean, yeah...
Toya: Shiraishi and Azusawa seemed to really enjoy what you made.
Tsukasa: I see. And yours was for everyone in your music group, right?
Mizuki: Signed, sealed and delivered♪ They loved the fact that I made everything myself.
Tsukasa: Thank goodness. Especially after the trouble you had to go through to make them.
Tsukasa: As for me, I put on a special White Day show for my sister and the other members of our troupe.
Rui: That was a superb spectacle! I honestly didn't see that coming.
Mizuki: Wait, what?! You gotta tell us more!
Tsukasa: Hahahaha! Did that get your attention? Then, allow me to show you some pictures of what happened!
Tsukasa: The chocolatey White Day gift I made for Saki and the others looked like... This!!
Akito: What...?!
Mizuki: It's a chocolate Pegasus! It's so lifelike! I mean, look at its wings! This is way too good!
Tsukasa: After wrapping our show at the Chocolate Factory, I had some of the staff there help me put this together.
Toya: This is definitely something only you could come up with, Tsukasa. I'm sure Saki didn't know what to do with herself when she saw this.
Tsukasa: Indeed! They were hesitant to eat it because it was so cute that they took countless pictures before they did!
Akito: Yeah, it's very you...
Akito: But if I'm gonna be honest, I'd be asking a lot of questions if someone ever gave me anything like this.
Rui: Hehe. I can see why.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah hah!
Tsukasa: It's only natural for a star such as myself to bedazzle an audience in such a manner!
Akito: Geez, what's the view like from up there?
Mizuki: Hahaha!
(Black cut)
