410_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Star Melody (event_55)

Gacha phrase: I have no choice but to keep playing.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)

[Tsukasa's Room]

Tsukasa: I really struggled to get a grasp of my character for our show as ambassadors this time around.
Tsukasa: However! I was able to expand my acting range and take a big step towards becoming a star! Well done, me!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah!
Saki's Voice (Saki): Um, Tsukasa. Are you free right now? There's something I want you to do for me...
Tsukasa: Hm? Saki?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Tsukasa: I see. So you also don't have practice today.
Saki: Yeah. I'm still gonna work on some stuff on my own later though♪
Saki: But before I do that, I wanna try playing the piano with you since it's been so long♪
Tsukasa: Oh, piano four hands! How long has it been?
Saki: That's my point! Seeing you practice for your show really made me want to play!
Saki: So, can we try “Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star” together♪
Tsukasa: Yes, of course!
Saki: Huh? This bench feels so small. It looked so much bigger when we were little.
Tsukasa: It's proof that we've both grown up since then.
Tsukasa: Anyway, let's start...
Saki: Okay♪
Tsukasa: (It's been so long since we last played “Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star” together, but it's like we still know what to do.)
Tsukasa: (Still...)
Tsukasa: (She used to have so much trouble playing when she was little, but now, she's far better than I am.)
Tsukasa: (To be fair, she's been practicing every day with her band. I'm so proud of you, Saki.)
(Black cut)
Saki: Man, that was so much fun! Thanks for playing with me, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: The pleasure was all mine. Don't hesitate to ask if you ever feel like playing together again!
Saki: Okay! Oh, also...
Saki: Tsukasa, do you remember the day I was discharged from the hospital? You know, right before I was supposed to start back up at school?
Tsukasa: Hm? Yes, I still remember.
Tsukasa: I couldn't go pick you up with Mom and Dad because I had school that day, so I was forced to anxiously await your return.
Tsukasa: But I became so antsy that... That's right. I ended up playing the piano to pass the time.
Saki: Yeah! You even put on a show for me! That really weird improv one!
Tsukasa: What do you mean “weird”? I put everything I had into that show, you know?
Saki: But you wore this really tight and glossy jacket, remember? It looked so weird and you even put on a mustache, right?
Saki: But it looked good on you for some reason! And the way you sang with a deep voice sounded really nice too!
Saki: I was literally just discharged from the hospital and you had me laugh so hard that my sides started hurting.
Tsukasa: That's right. You and Mom were rolling on the floor laughing.
Saki: Yup! Just thinking about it makes me giggle.
Saki: Also, Tsukasa...
Saki: You playing the piano and putting on a show for me that time really put my mind at ease.
Tsukasa: Put you at ease?
Saki: Yeah. I could finally say, “I'm home.” That actually almost made me cry.
Tsukasa: I had no idea...
Saki: That includes right now too. Hearing you on the piano or practicing lines makes it feel like I'm really home♪
Saki: Not only that, whenever I'm having trouble writing or practicing a song, I open my door just a crack to listen to your voice as you practice, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: My voice?
Saki: Yeah! Because hearing your voice always makes me feel a lot better!
Saki: Oh, remember how Thorpe always looked up to the stars whenever he felt stuck?
Saki: Hehe. This is just my guess... But Thorpe has his stars, while I have you, Tsukasa♪
Tsukasa: ...!
Tsukasa: I see... In that case...!
Saki: Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Tenma, written as “soaring Pegasus”! Tsukasa, meaning to govern! I am Tsukasa Tenma!
Tsukasa: The one destined to become a world-famous star whose light never wanes!
Tsukasa: If you ever feel lost, I shall be there with my brilliance to show you the way!
Saki: H-Hahaha...!
Saki: Tsukasa, you know that makes you sound more like the sun instead of a star, right?
Tsukasa: Hm? Yes, point taken, but it works either way since they're essentially one and the same!
Saki: And you still just gloss over the details...
Saki: But in any case. Thanks, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: You're very welcome!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Oh! Yay! It's Tsukasa and the others☆
KAITO: Welcome, everyone. Here to work on your show again?
Rui: No, we're here to report on our ambassadorial show.
Rui: We know we caused you and the others quite a bit of trouble this time around, KAITO.
Tsukasa: Yes, precisely.
Tsukasa: All because I couldn't properly get into character. Not only did it affect the way we practice, but I also had to ask you over and over again for help.
Tsukasa: As a result, I made you and Rui worry about me... Luckily, my struggles are what allowed me to understand Thorpe better and fill his shoes during our show!
Tsukasa: So, KAITO, Miku, thank you both very much! Our show wouldn't have gone so well without either of you!
KAITO: Hehe. Oh, the thing is...
Miku (WxS): We already knew that♪
Emu: Huh? Wait, how?
Nene: Were you there to see our show?
Miku (WxS): Yup♪ We were sooo curious that we couldn't help but go have a look!
KAITO: It was also a chance for us to see Tsukasa etch a new facet for himself as an actor.
KAITO: You did a wonderful job as Thorpe.
Tsukasa: I did?!
KAITO: Yes. You took a hard look at your character, refused to compromise or give up, and put on a magnificent performance in the end.
Tsukasa: Wow! That means a lot coming from you, KAITO!
Tsukasa: But I wouldn't have been able to examine Thorpe in such a manner on my own.
Tsukasa: Rui, you suggested that I find something in common with him. I probably would never have understood Thorpe the way I do now if it weren't for that.
Tsukasa: So, thank you for giving me such wonderful advice!
Rui: Hehe. I just did what any good director's supposed to do.
Rui: And you did everything you could as an actor. That's really all that happened.
Nene: You say that, but I know you were worried about him...
Rui: Oh? I could say the same for you, Nene...
Nene: Huh? I... I was just...
Nene: I wasn't worried about him personally. I was worried about whether or not we could actually do our show.
Tsukasa: Ah, Nene, you were worried about me too?! That means I need to apologize to you as well!
Nene: Again, I was worried about our show.
Tsukasa: Yes, I understand! Thank you, Nene!
Emu: Hehe. But we all believed that you'd figure everything out, Tsukasa♪
Emu: I mean, you're our super twinkly star in the sky☆
Tsukasa: Hahaha! I know exactly what you're trying to say! After all, I'm a future star!
Emu: Ding ding ding ding ding! That's right!!
Nene: Wait, that's what you meant? I thought you were talking about how he's always being launched sky high.
Rui: That also seems correct, no?
Miku (WxS): I thought it was that too♪
Tsukasa: Quit trying to turn me into a star in space! And don't make it sound like I'm a human cannonball! That only happens from time to time!
KAITO: Hehe. You're all in perfect sync with one another. You've come such a long way as a troupe.
Rui: Yes, we have. It's always a pleasure seeing how these slapstick routines play out after someone gets the ball rolling with a funny quip or remark.
Tsukasa: Hey, is that supposed to be a compliment?! Honestly, is slapstick all that you're after?!
Rui: Hehe. Of course, it's a compliment. As a troupe, it's important for us to be on the same page.
Rui: Especially since no one person can put on a truly great show on their own.
Rui: And I believe your willingness to take challenges head on is going to have a positive effect on our shows moving forward.
Tsukasa: Yes, since I took a big step forward in terms of being a future star!
Tsukasa: Alright, we'll be going back to putting on shows as usual until our next assignment as ambassadors comes in, so let's keep polishing what we can in the meantime.
Emu, Nene & Rui: Yeah!
Miku (WxS): I'm in too!
KAITO: Break a leg, everyone!
(Black cut)
