433_Tsukasa Tenma_RB Happy Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Behold! My acting has reached a new level!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: That concludes our debrief for today's show!
Tsukasa: Phoenix Wonderland will be undergoing some scheduled maintenance tomorrow, so the Wonder Stage will also be closed. Please take this opportunity to rest and recharge!
Emu & Nene: Okay♪ Okay.
Rui: Hehehe...
Tsukasa: What is it, Rui...? Why are you snickering while looking my way?
Rui: Oh, is that what you saw? In that case, you were just imagining things.
Tsukasa: Your smile is only making me more concerned... But we'll leave it at that.
KAITO: By the way, Tsukasa, your birthday is fast approaching, no?
Miku (WxS): That's right☆ Promise to visit on the day of, okay?! We can all celebrate together♪
Tsukasa: Ah, thank you, KAITO, Miku! Yes, I promise to visit. It'd be great to do a show as well!
Tsukasa: For now, see you later!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Tsukasa: I'm back!
Saki: Oh, Tsukasa, welcome home!
Saki: Perfect timing too. Here. This is addressed to you.
Tsukasa: Hm? What's this? A small package...?
Saki: Anyway, I'll be practicing in my room♪
Tsukasa: Of course. Thank you, Saki. Now, who sent me this package...?
Tsukasa: It's from... “The fan of a future star”?! Ah, I must open this at once!
Tsukasa: Let's see what's inside... Hm? Just a sealed white letter?
Tsukasa: If it's fan mail... No, this seems too anachronistic. It's straight out of a historical movie or something.
Sealed White Letter: “Letter of Challenge”...
Tsukasa: I-It's actually one of these...?!
Sealed White Letter: “Letter of Challenge... To the so-called 'future star' who unwittingly opened this little package...”
Tsukasa: What?! Ah, this is supposed to be some sort of mind game or psychological trap?!
Sealed White Letter: “Calling yourself a 'future star' is all well and good, but it is high time you showed me your true capabilities.”
Sealed White Letter: “Thus, I have prepared three trials for you. As for what they entail... Hehehe. You'll just have to wait and find out.”
Sealed White Letter: “Of course, whether or not you accept this challenge is entirely up to you. After all, not partaking in a game you know you will lose is a valid stratagem.”
Sealed White Letter: “However, if you wish to accept, stand before the Phenny statue in Phoenix Wonderland tomorrow at noon.”
Sealed White Letter: “Feel grateful that I chose a familiar location that will allow you to spread your wings and put your full potential on display.”
Tsukasa: Grr! I have no idea who this person is, but I can already hear them cackling like a hyena!
Tsukasa: So be it! As a future star, I shall show them just who they're dealing with here!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

Emu: Oh! Rui! Rui! Saki says that Tsukasa just left their house!
Rui: Thank you, Emu. Alright, all according to plan so far.
Emu: Yeah! Operation Big Birthday Surprise is go!
Nene: I still can't believe your brothers agreed to let us do this. Lucky for us, we get to hog the park since it's closed today.
Emu: Hehe. They said it's a special treat because we've been going so well as ambassadors♪
Rui: We really need to thank all of you as well for helping us. This wonderful surprise wouldn't have been possible without your support.
Kohane: No, I was hoping to give back somehow since you always put on such fun shows and even celebrated my own birthday!
Toya: I owe Tsukasa quite a lot as well, so I'm glad you asked me to help with this.
Mizuki: Totally! Let's give him a big celebration together, Li'l Bro♪
Akito: Huh? I don't really owe him anything and I didn't ask to be a part of this. If anything, I was dragged in.
An: You say that, but you seemed pretty excited when we were setting up all the trials.
Rui: We appreciate you joining us today as well. I really wasn't expecting you to agree to this.
???: Oh? I'm just interested in putting our self-proclaimed “future star” to the test is all.
???: It's important to see if he's worthy of representing Phoenix Wonderland as an ambassador moving forward.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

Tsukasa: That letter said to stand in front of the Phenny statue... Which should be this one...
Tsukasa: Hm? I spy a suspicious-looking digital timer and tablet. Does this mean I'm supposed to look at the tablet...?
Tsukasa: Let's see... “Trial 1. Perfectly memorize the dance routine in the video within five minutes.”
Tsukasa: What?! The video's already playing?! Wait, the timer's counting down too!
Tsukasa: Heh. But I have nothing to worry about. I'm more than used to dealing with Rui, Emu, Miku and the others' antics at this point.
Tsukasa: Now...
Tsukasa: (This dance routine's nothing like the musical numbers I'm more familiar with learning.)
Tsukasa: (I see... The dancers in the video aren't letting their centers drift at all. Not only that, their footwork's outstanding!)
Tsukasa: (But they're wearing their hats in such a way that I can't see their faces. Still, why does it feel like I've seen them before somewhere...?)
Tsukasa: Wait, no! The first trial's underway! I need to focus on memorizing the dance routine!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: One, two, three, four...! One, two... Done!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! How's that?! In less than five minutes!
Tsukasa: Hm? That sound... It certainly gives me the impression that I passed.
Tsukasa: Ah, the tablet's showing a map now! I see. My next stop is just in front of the Trampoline Dome.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! I shall elegantly achieve perfection with the next trial as well!
Akito: I guess that dance was too easy...
Mizuki: No, it definitely wasn't.
Mizuki: The video itself was like a minute and a half, so that's two play-throughs tops given the time limit.
Toya: True. To be fair, I practiced dancing it with Akito, but I couldn't learn it in five minutes.
An: Plus, it involves some tricky steps and really quick turns.
Kohane: Hehe. But Tsukasa looked so cool when he got it down.
Toya: Yes, I agree. He even seemed to enjoy it towards the end.
Akito: Grr... I should've picked a tougher one.
Mizuki: Haha! You're just like Ena! She hates losing so much♪
Akito: What?
An: Anyway, our big surprise is still rolling, so let's hurry and get the next spot set up.
Toya: Right. We'll need to make sure he has fun all the way through until the end.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Outside the Fluffy☆Trampoline Dome]

Tsukasa: Oh, there it is! The second trial!
Tsukasa: Hmm... This time, there's a box for drawings or raffles, a video camera and a handwritten set of instructions. I'll start by reading it.
Handwritten Instructions: “Trial 2: Improv! Draw three topics from the box and face the camera when you're ready to perform!”
Handwritten Instructions: “Warning! You're not allowed to redraw your topics, so choose carefully! Anyway, good luck♪”
Tsukasa: Ah, an improvised show. This is definitely my strong suit, but...
Tsukasa: The way these instructions are written... It feels so different from the original letter, and I've seen this handwriting before somewhere...
Tsukasa: (No, this can't be Saki. There's no reason for her to write such a letter or cooperate with the sender.)
Tsukasa: For now, I'll draw my topics! Three, was it?
Tsukasa: Let's see... “Space”, “Band” and “Plushies”...?
Tsukasa: Heh. The second trial's going to be a cakewalk for me. Does it not realize how many improv plays I've put on for Saki?
Tsukasa: Alright... Action!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Yesss! Sounds like I passed!
Tsukasa: But where am I supposed to go next? The instructions I read just now didn't make any mention of that...
Tsukasa: Oh, there's more on the back...
Reverse of the Handwritten Instructions: “If you hear the signal that you've passed, go to the location of the final trial. The Wonder Stage♪”
Tsukasa: The Wonder Stage?!
Tsukasa: It's essentially giving me a home-field advantage. Bring it on!
Emu: Tsukasa's play was so good☆
Rui: Yes, it was. Not only did he incorporate each topic rather nicely, but he even came up with a fun story.
Rui: A space alien who sets its sights on Earth after invading countless other worlds but must take possession of a plushie to adapt to the environment.
Rui: However, it discovers the beauty of music after learning that the owner of the plushie used to play in a band.
Nene: The finale was also pretty good considering he made it up on the spot.
Nene: To think that the space alien tells its friends all about music and decides to set out on a journey to spread what he learned far and wide instead of invading.
Rui: Hehe. Tsukasa certainly has a talent for telling these kinds of stories.
Emu: Yeah! Oh, did the camera get everything?
Rui: Yes, it's all recorded.
Emu: Thank goodness! We really should show Saki and the others this since they couldn't make it today♪
Rui: Of course. We owe them that much for coming up with all these topics for us.
Rui: Now, why don't we start making our way over to the location for the final trial?
Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: There's nothing here. Where is everyone...?
Tsukasa: (I was under the impression that the sender of that letter would be waiting for me here...)
Tsukasa: Alright, I've come this far! Quit hiding and show yourself! Let us get this final trial of yours underway!
Tsukasa: Or are you too scared to face me? Don't tell me you've run off already.
???: Who said anything about running?
Tsukasa: ...!
Sakurako: It's been quite a while since we last spoke like this, Tenma.
Tsukasa: Y-You're...! Sakurako Seiryuin?!
Sakurako: Indeed. None other than the prima donna of the number one show stage in Phoenix Wonderland... Sakurako Seiryuin!
Sakurako: And it is I who sent you that letter of challenge!
Tsukasa: Wh-What...?!
Sakurako: Thank you for the dull reaction. Anyway, it's time to start the final trial.
Sakurako: Which simply involves... Acting! Why don't you show me some of the performances you did as an ambassador that were touted as being so wonderfully elegant?
Sakurako: I know all of “A Pianist Named Thorpe,” so choose whichever scene suits your fancy.
Tsukasa: You say that... But I can't really do much without a piano...
Sakurako: Not to worry. Bring it up.
Tsukasa: What?! A piano?! From the trapdoor?!
Sakurako: I had it brought over from the Phoenix Stage, so you're welcome.
Tsukasa: Talk about being prepared! Well played, Sakurako Seiryuin...
Tsukasa: Alright, just sit back and watch! Behold, the new heights I've reached as an actor...!
Sakurako: ...!
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “They're finally gone. I can practice in peace now... But there might not be any point now since the contest is tomorrow.”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “*Sigh* I only have half a day left...”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “The stars... They're so beautiful...”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “And it's the day of the contest. Thanks to them, I was hardly able to practice at all...”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “The seats are... Oh, it's a full house. I'm getting dizzy just thinking about having to play in front of all of them.”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “No, I just want to...”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “I just want to keep playing.”
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: How's that, Sakurako Seiryuin?! Enjoy my rendition of Thorpe?!
Sakurako: ...
Tsukasa: Hm? Hey, Sakurako Seiryuin, you there?
Sakurako: Ugh! Will you be quiet?! I was trying to immerse myself in the music!
Tsukasa: S-Sorry!
Tsukasa: Wait, why am I the one who's apologizing?! Also, did I pass this trial?!
Sakurako: You really have to ask...? You passed! Happy?
Sakurako: But I see that you're capable of more than just obnoxiously loud acting now...
??? (Rui): I agree. Our troupe leader has come quite a long way, no?
Tsukasa: Huh?! What are you all doing here?!
Rui: Apologies for pulling one over on you like this, Tsukasa. We were actually all behind that letter you received.
Emu: Hehe. It's a little early, but we wanted to celebrate your birthday by having a big surprise.
Tsukasa: What?! This is a birthday surprise?!
Nene: Yeah, I get your confusion... Having the birthday boy undergo a bunch of trials still sorta doesn't make much sense to me.
Rui: Oh? It's because things are much more fun and thrilling this way.
Tsukasa: I see... I'd expect no less from you, Rui.
Rui: You would've likely seen right through a more rudimentary plan. Also, you seemed to have fun during our little trials.
Tsukasa: Yes, I most certainly did!
Rui: Hehehe. As a reward for overcoming all of these trials, we'd like you to join us for a special party.
Tsukasa: A special party?
Rui: Ready, everyone?
Kohane, An & Mizuki: Yes! Yeah!
Emu: Happy birthday, Tsukasa☆
Rui, Nene & Sakurako: Happy birthday!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Tsukasa: Oh...! You're all here too!
Kohane: Yes. We really wanted to be a part of this surprise!
Toya: And so, Tsukasa, we wish you a very happy birthday.
Tsukasa: *Gasp* I... I...!
Tsukasa: I feel so blessed to have such wonderful friends and juniors...!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000077/bg_s000077.png)
Saki: Happy birthday, Tsukasa♪
Ichika, Honami & Shiho: Happy birthday!
Ichika: We would've been there to celebrate with you, but our show ended up conflicting.
Honami: Fortunately, we were able to help with the trials thanks to Kamishiro being so accommodating.
Shiho: Yeah. Coming up with all those improv topics was actually kinda fun.
Saki: I can't wait to see the video Emu and the others took for us! Get ready to hear all about how we think you did after we get a chance to watch it, Tsukasa!
Toya: Happy birthday, Tsukasa. I hope this surprise allowed me to give back even a little bit considering everything you've done for me.
Kohane: Hehe. I hope so too.
An: Yeah, totally! You saw how much he enjoyed the party that came after our surprise, right?
Mizuki: Man, that was so worth the effort. Well, to be fair, all I did was some video editing♪
Akito: But he ended up crying because he was so happy. I guess it was sort of worth helping with those trials.
Emu: Tsukasa, happy wonderhoy birthday♪ You try saying it too, Sakurako!
Sakurako: M-Me...?! I don't really mind, but if I could also drag Kusanagi down... Rather, would you like to join us?
Nene: Wait, you clearly just said that you want to drag me down.
Rui: Hehehe. Why don't we all say it together?
Sakurako: Fine. I suppose his acting performance merits that much.
Emu: Yay! Alright, here we go! Happy wonderhoy birthday!
Nene, Rui & Sakurako: Happy wonderhoy birthday!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Thank you for joining me to celebrate my birthday!
Tsukasa: Your kind and thoughtful words are like the stars in our universe. Each one shines in a way that gives me strength!
Tsukasa: It's going to take me quite a while to repay this debt, but my goal will be to put on the greatest shows possible in return. 
Tsukasa: I, along with the rest of us at Wonderlands×Showtime, will be counting on your support moving forward!
(White cut)
