451_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 A Persistent Game Of Tag (event_62)

Gacha phrase: Face it! I'm going to catch you!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Desert Island - Jungle]

Tsukasa: Alright, we returned to the jungle cave to get our living space set up...
Rui: But... It's not as big as we initially expected. This may be just barely enough space to serve as our sleeping area.
Tsukasa: There's no wind or rain to speak of right now, so why don't we set up the living space next to our base camp instead?
Rui: Yes, that sounds good, so let's return to where Nene and the others are. We should also keep an eye out for any flotsam that we can use as blankets and covers along the way.
Tsukasa: Agreed! The cruiser also has some, but there's no harm in having more!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Coast]

Tsukasa: Let's see... What can we use as blankets or covers...? Aha...!
Tsukasa: Is this a sail from a yacht...? It's torn, but we should still be able to use it!
Tsukasa: Hey, Rui! I found something that's perfect!
Tsukasa: Hm? Rui...?
Tsukasa: That's odd... He was here just a second ago...
Tsukasa: Rui? Hello?
Tsukasa: Hm...?
(Background change)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: What's he doing with his face stuck in the bushes?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Desert Island - Jungle)
Tsukasa: Rui, there you are. What are you doing snooping around in the bushes?
Rui: Ah, Tsukasa, perfect. I was just about to come get you.
Rui: Here, take a peek. Try looking at the foot of that tree.
Tsukasa: The foot of that tree?
Baby Monkey A: Ook! Ook ook!
Baby Monkey B: Ook! Oook!
Baby Monkey C: Ook... Ook?
Tsukasa: I'm seeing three baby monkeys... What about them?
Rui: Hehe. Just keep watching. Those monkeys all seem to have a very different personality from one another.
Rui: First, the one swinging around that branch seems fairly assertive. That other one is happily going along with its antics while the third is timidly hunched over.
Baby Monkey A: Ook! Ook!
Baby Monkey B: Ook! Oook♪
Baby Monkey C: O-Ook... Ook...
Tsukasa: Yes, I'm starting to see their individual personalities...
Rui: Interesting. And then, you can...
Baby Monkey A: Ook! Ook ook!
Rui: <Hey, you guys, guess what?!>
Baby Monkey A: Ook! Oook!
Rui: <The big folk that walked into our territory earlier... They're called “humans”!> 
Baby Monkey B: Ook! Oook!
Rui: <Yes, grandfather's told me stories about them!>
Baby Monkey C: Ook... Ook?
Rui: <Those monkeys looked so strange. Which forest do you think they came from?>
Baby Monkey A: Ook! Ook ook!
Rui: <Not a forest! They came from beyond the salty water!>
Rui: Hehehe... Something along those lines?
Tsukasa: You caught me off guard when you suddenly started doing voices for them, but...
Tsukasa: Believing that humans are monkeys who came from another forest and the way they described seawater... It was very interesting...
Rui: Wasn't it? It was a fun way to get in some acting practice, but it was also a nice way to work on getting in character by learning how others think and see the world.
Rui: By the way, Tsukasa, if you were in those monkeys' shoes, how would you describe the cruiser we arrived here on?
Tsukasa: Well... A big box...? No... The concept of a box may be foreign to them...
Tsukasa: Metal? White? Triangle? No... Those concepts may also be beyond their grasp.
Tsukasa: Hmm... This is harder than I thought. How would you describe our cruiser, Rui?
Rui: Well, they might see it as a large fish with a tough exterior or a strangely hard stone that can somehow float on the water...
Tsukasa: I see. A giant fish seems plausible. But I'm less sure about it being a rock.
Rui: That was predicated on those monkeys being able to discern that our cruiser isn't a living creature.
Rui: And like you said, Tsukasa, “metal” may be a foreign concept to them. That's why I thought it'd be better to call it something other than “metal”.
Rui: It's identifiable by how hard it is, so I simply guessed that they'd end up calling it some sort of rock or stone.
Rui: It's cool to the touch as well, so they may even expand upon that by calling it a type of cool stone.
Tsukasa: Ah, now I understand! That explains your stone idea!
Tsukasa: Also, is there more to that conversation you just voiced?
Rui: More? Not exactly, but I did come up with some ideas as to how their conversation would've continued.
Rui: They'll feel compelled to go down by the water, see that we're trying to fix our vessel and set sail by stealing it somehow.
Tsukasa: And they'll go on a big adventure! That's wonderful!
Rui: Hehe. Unfortunately, we'd be stranded here.
Rui: And we've been chatting up a storm. We should probably start working on getting our living space set up.
Tsukasa: Hm? Right... That does take priority... Still, why don't we keep talking while we work?
Tsukasa: I can see it now! A fantastic adventure about humans getting lost in a forest full of monkeys where they learn to work together despite not being able to communicate through speech!
Rui: Yes, that does sound fantastic. Let's discuss that further!
Tsukasa: Alright, first, the part about not being able to communicate seems like the most interesting part, since there could be instances where some wires get crossed...!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Coast]

Shosuke: All of you, wait here! I'm going to head over to guide the helicopter!
Tsukasa: Okay!!
Nene: Phew... We can finally get off this island...
Rui: Yes, so all that's left is to make our ambassadorial performance a success after being postponed.
Tsukasa: Oh, that's right! Phone, I beg you... Even just a moment of life will do...
Tsukasa: We haven't been able to talk to KAITO or the others since last night, so it'd be nice to tell them that help has arrived...
Emu: Yeah... They're probably really worried about us.
Nene: If its battery being drained is the only issue, can't you just have Robo-Nene recharge it for you?
Tsukasa: What?! She can do that?!
Rui: Yes. However, your phone may short out the second you connect it to her.
Tsukasa: But not being able to tell KAITO and the others that we're okay...
Tsukasa: I don't care what happens. Rui, let's give it a shot!
Rui: Okay... Robo-Nene.
Robo-Nene: Understood! Commencing charge sequence. Please connect this cord to your phone.
Tsukasa: Okay! Like this...?
Nene: Hey, it's charging! Does this mean it's working?
Tsukasa: Excellent! Hang in there, phone!
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): <Oh, is our connection back?!>
KAITO's Voice (KAITO): <I think so! Hello! Tsukasa! Everyone!>
Emu: That sounded like MEIKO and KAITO!
Miku's Voice (Miku-WxS): <I'm here too! But it's so dark! I can't see where you guys are!>
Tsukasa: The hologram feature must be malfunctioning.
Rui: It did take a swim in the ocean after all. Tsukasa, it may be wise to say what you need to and turn off your phone.
Tsukasa: Okay.
Tsukasa: MEIKO, KAITO, Miku! Please tell the others that we're all safe!
Tsukasa: A helicopter just came to rescue us too! So, we should be able to get off this island and go do our show!
KAITO's Voice (KAITO): <Your show?! It's really happening?!>
Tsukasa: Yes, that seems to be the case. We've come this far, so we're going to give it everything we have!
Tsukasa: However, we likely won't be able to visit you until we get our phones fixed.
MEIKO's Voice (MEIKO): <That's okay! We'll be waiting for you all to return to us happy and healthy♪>
Emu: We absolutely really, really promise to visit when we can, so please wait for us until then!
Miku's Voice (Miku-WxS): <Okay! See you then☆>
Emu: Hehe. I'm so glad we got a chance to tell them that we're okay!
Tsukasa: So am I! Let's make sure our ambassadorial performance goes well so that we have good news to report the next time we see them!
Emu, Nene & Rui: Yeah! Yes.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Len: Hey, KAITO! Tsukasa and the others are here!
KAITO: Everyone...!
Luka: Oh, you all seem to be in high spirits.
Tsukasa: Because we are! We already told Miku and MEIKO this on the day our phones were fixed and returned to us...
Tsukasa: But we'd like to report that our ambassadorial performance was a triumphant success!
KAITO: Yes, we awaited your return knowing that it would be. So, everyone, welcome back.
KAITO: Or... Is it a bit strange for me to be saying that...?
Emu: No, I'm really glad you did!
Nene: Yeah...
Rui: But it does feel a bit funny.
Tsukasa: Alright, once more!
Tsukasa, Emu, Nene & Rui: Everyone, we're back!
KAITO & Co.: Welcome back!
Rin: Oh, I wanna hear more about your show!
Len: Me too!
Tsukasa: Yes, of course.
Emu: Oh, we even got to do some water skiing after our show was over♪
Nene: I decided to give it a try too after working up enough courage, but it turned out to be pretty fun.
KAITO: That's wonderful. We'd love to hear more.
Tsukasa: Yes, we'll tell you all about it!
(Black cut)
