523_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 A Rush Of Excitement (event_74)

Gacha phrase: What incredible acting skills...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Nene: “Hmph... You're a machine. Speak when you are spoken to.”
Tsukasa: “Understood. Please excuse my insolence.”
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: Okay, this seems like a good place to end for today.
Asahi: Alright, everyone, nice work today!
Tsukasa: Nice work!
Tsukasa: (That last scene didn't go the way I'd hoped.)
Tsukasa: (I'm definitely still having trouble gauging just how much human expression I'm supposed to be using...)
Tsukasa: “Understood. Please excuse my insolence.”
Tsukasa: Hmm... No, that isn't right either... I'm giving a quick response like I should, but I need to hold back my emotions less.
Emu: Tsukasa☆
Nene: Nice work today. About the last scene we just did...
Tsukasa: “Understood. Please excuse my insolence.”
Tsukasa: No, now I'm emoting a bit too much.
Tsukasa: However, this is the scene where he decides to speak to Sergeant Willis after seeing her at odds with herself. I doubt he's going to be completely devoid of emotions...
Emu: Yup yup! I agree!
Nene: Same. I know it's not easy, but I think you should be a little more expressive.
Tsukasa: I had a feeling... But you're right. Let's try to... Wait, Emu?! Nene?!
Emu: Hehe. You finally noticed!
Tsukasa: How long have you two been here? Also, were you listening to everything I said just now?!
Nene: Hold on. You really didn't think anyone else would hear...?
Rui: Hehe. For a conversation that you thought you were having with yourself, it was very audible.
Tsukasa: What?! Rui?! Asahi?! You're also here?!
Asahi: I know how you feel. I also had trouble getting a good grasp of that part.
Tsukasa: You too, Asahi?
Asahi: Yes. It's so difficult to gauge how much of which emotions to use...
Asahi: Which in turn changes the image of how I envision Bartlett speaking and behaving in the later scenes.
Rui: You did seem to deliberately act more robotically there towards the end.
Asahi: He's being reprogrammed by the military, so it seemed appropriate to show how his humanity is being chipped away.
Asahi: However, despite slowly losing his humanity, something seems to linger and persist within Bartlett.
Asahi: That something is what I believe caused Bartlett to say what he does to Sergeant Willis.
Tsukasa: Something lingering inside him... How that scene is portrayed may vary greatly depending on what that actually is...
Asahi: It's just my interpretation, but I hope that helps.
Tsukasa: Yes, very!
Tsukasa: I'll take that into account while thinking more about this scene. And I'll return tomorrow ready to give a better performance!
Asahi: That's great! I'm looking forward to seeing what you come up with!
Tsukasa: Thank you very much! I promise to find an answer that I feel is satisfactory!
Nene: Hey, don't forget to tell me too. I'm the one who has to do that scene with you.
Tsukasa: Ah, I won't! Don't worry!
Tsukasa: (Strange... I wasn't able to give my best performance today, but I feel fantastic.)
Tsukasa: (This is completely different from what I went through when trying to play Thorpe. Maybe it's because I'm not as lost as I was that time.)
Tsukasa: (It's as if each of my experiences is guiding me and telling me what to do...)
Tsukasa: Anyway, I'll be going now! See you all tomorrow!
Emu: See you tomorrow, Tsukasa!
Asahi: He really is interesting... And such a conscientious actor.
Rui: Yes, he is.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Asahi: We've finished putting away all the props.
Tsukasa: Thank you very much. We're just about done cleaning as well!
Rui: Tsukasa, Asahi, would you two mind handling the rest?
Tsukasa: Hm? But we've finished cleaning and putting away everything...
Asahi: Did something else come up?
Rui: Unfortunately, we seem to have run out of the flower confetti we were going to use for our show, and need to go buy some more.
Tsukasa: Is that all? Then, I'll go with you! I'm sure you'll need someone to carry it.
Asahi: Oh, mind if I tag along as well? I'd like to see where you guys buy your supplies.
Asahi: There's also something that I'd like to buy.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Street]

[Stationery Store]

Asahi: Let's see... Aha! Here it is!
Rui: You're getting... A notepad?
Asahi: Yes, it's nice to have one that fits in my pocket.
Asahi: Not only that, the paper stays clean even when I get all sweaty after moving around a lot. It's very useful.
Tsukasa: I can see why. I too carry around a notepad sometimes during practice...
Tsukasa: But it usually ends up a crumpled mess afterwards...
Asahi: You too, Tsukasa?! Then, I really recommend that you get this!
Asahi: Oh, but you should take it out when doing a performance that involves being submerged in water. I remember ruining one that I'd just bought after forgetting I had it in my pocket.
Tsukasa: Submerged in water? I'm interested in what this show of yours was about...
Tsukasa: Anyway, I'll try using this notepad!
Asahi: Awesome! It'll be great to see someone else using it!
Rui: By the way, I saw you using your notepad a few times during practice today. Can I ask what you like to write in it?
Tsukasa: Yes, I'd like to know as well!
Asahi: During practice, I usually just write acting notes in it.
Asahi: But for shows like this where I work with new people, I like to also jot down some things about them.
Asahi: I mean, if you want to put on a good show, you need to know what your fellow actors' personalities and acting styles are like!
Tsukasa: Yes, I agree!
Rui: But you said, “During practice”... Do you use it outside of practice as well?
Asahi: Yes, I try to write down anything that catches my attention or piques my interest while living life each day.
Tsukasa: While living life each day...
Asahi: Yes. Acting involves deliberately speaking and behaving in specific ways based on the roles we're assigned to play, right?
Asahi: But normal people don't act. They do certain things subconsciously.
Asahi: Tucking their hair behind their ear, touching their arms, moving their eyes up and down...
Asahi: Those simple acts become the basis of people's personalities.
Asahi: That's why I've made it a habit to try and see all the little things that they do.
Asahi: But I have to be careful not to stare too much since doing that probably makes me look pretty weird!
Tsukasa: I see...
Tsukasa: (Even outside of practices, Asahi does whatever he can to improve his acting skills...)
Tsukasa: (Which explains why he's able to put on such incredibly realistic performances.)
Rui: We always seem to learn so much from these conversations.
Tsukasa: Indeed! A new discovery each time!
Tsukasa: I also take notes to make sure I don't forget about what I learn during practices, but I've been writing considerably more after we started practicing with you and the cast members of ArcLand, Asahi.
Asahi: It's nice to hear that we've been helping.
Tsukasa: You have! Still, I feel like we've been doing all the taking... If only we could give back somehow...
Asahi: But you already have.
Asahi: A lead with a wonderful aura and incredible acting range. An actor with a vivid imagination and the ability to easily perform all these acrobatic stunts...
Asahi: A songstress with peerless singing skills and the ability to handle delicate stories and characters with ease. And of course, a director who can conjure up unexpected stunts and effects for any genre!
Asahi: Because you're all so interesting, practicing each day with you has been an absolute pleasure!
Asahi: Hm? You don't seem to believe me. But you can tell I'm right based on how my fellow cast members have been behaving. They all look like they've been having a lot of fun, right?
Rui: Yes, they have.
Asahi: How we're doing it doesn't matter. The fact is that we've been influencing each other in a positive manner over this past month.
Asahi: So, I'm looking forward to performing with all of you again tomorrow.
Tsukasa: ...!
Tsukasa: Yes, the feeling is mutual!
Asahi: Oh, I'm sorry. I almost forgot that we're here to buy confetti. I didn't mean to let my own shopping get in the way.
Tsukasa: Not a problem! The store just happens to be right over there.
Rui: Then, shall we?
(Black cut)
