565_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Man Of Festivity (event_81)

Gacha phrase: Ah, such sublime light!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Tsukasa: I'm back!
Saki: Welcome home, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Ah, Saki, you're home. How did things go afterwards?
Saki: We took a bunch of pics to celebrate, practiced a little and went home after that.
Tsukasa: I see. Sounds like you had a fun New Year's.
Saki: Haha. You guys definitely had way more fun.
Saki: I mean, I knew that you'd be performing, but I really wasn't expecting to run into you the way we did.
Saki: Also, you guys ran off saying that you had to get to your next location. Where'd you guys go after doing that show at the beach?
Tsukasa: A mountain! After that, we went to a ski resort and the mall!
Tsukasa: It ended up being a wonderful experience since we ran into so many familiar faces along the way. We also learned quite a bit as we did each show.
Saki: Whoa! That's a ton of traveling...! You must be exhausted!
Saki: And starving since you had to move around so much.
Tsukasa: Yes, you're right... I had a few bites here and there along the way...
Saki: Haha. But you could use a real meal.
Tsukasa: That'd be nice. Unfortunately, I'll just have to wait since we won't be having dinner for some time...
Tsukasa: Oh...
Saki: You worked really hard today, Tsukasa, so you should have something to eat if you're that hungry!
Saki: Mom! Tsukasa's hungry!
Mother: Oh, the New Year's food won't be ready for a while... Would you like some mochi in the meantime?
Tsukasa: Yes, that'd be great!
Saki: Mom, I want some too!
Mother: Sure, dear. How many would you both like?
Tsukasa: How many? I'd like...
Saki: Wait, stop! Tsukasa, lemme guess how many you want!
Tsukasa: Hm? Then, I'll guess how many you'd like to have.
Saki: Alright, on three♪ One, two...
Tsukasa & Saki: One! Three!
Saki: One! You got it! Nice guess, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Heh. We do still have dinner to think about.
Tsukasa: You also guessed how many I wanted correctly. I suppose I should expect no less from my little sister.
Saki: Heh heh heh. I also had a feeling that you didn't want to be too full.
Mother: In that case, I have another question for you two. How would you like to have them?
Tsukasa: Sweet soybean powder, right, Saki?
Saki: Yup! And you want it with...
Saki: Hmm...
Tsukasa: Hehehe. Can you read my mind, Saki?
Saki: Hmmm... Hm!
Saki: I got it! Two wrapped in seaweed and one with sweet soybean powder!
Tsukasa: Yes, that's correct! Well done, Saki!
Saki: Heehee! I know everything there is to know about you, Tsukasa!
Mother: Hehe. Then, would you like to try reading my mind?
Tsukasa & Saki: Huh?
Tsukasa & Saki: Hmm... Uhh...
Tsukasa: I know! You need us to set the table!
Saki: No! She needs us to get the seaweed and soybean powder ready!
Mother: You're both correct. I know you're tired, but I'd really appreciate it if you did those things.
Tsukasa & Saki: Okay!
Tsukasa: Saki, I'll set up the table. You head to the kitchen!
Saki: Roger dodger!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Haruka Kiritani, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Kanade Yoisaki, Mafuyu Asahina, Ena Shinonome, Mizuki Akiyama, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

(Black cut)
Rui: Nice work, everyone. This seems like a good place to take a break.
Tsukasa: Hm? A break? Already? I can still keep going...
Nene: I kinda need a break. We've been practicing for like three hours now.
Tsukasa: What? Is that true?! In that case, we should rest for a bit.
KAITO: Yes, and hydrate.
Miku (WxS): Then, let's all take a break☆
Emu: Yeah! Nene, here's some water!
Nene: You don't sound like you need a break... But thanks.
KAITO: Still, Tsukasa, you're so focused today.
Emu: Yeah...! You got this look in your eye!
Miku (WxS): I thought the same thing! Your eyes are all zingy! And you're going zoom-zoom-zoom when you move!
Tsukasa: Zingy? Zoom-zoom-zoom?
Rui: Hmm... I believe they're trying to say that you're moving like you mean it and that you look very serious while doing it.
Emu: Yeah! That's it, Rui!
Miku (WxS): Correctomundo♪
Tsukasa: Again, how does he always know...?
Nene: No idea...
Nene: But I agree with them. You look like you're more motivated than usual, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Heh heh heh... Is it that obvious?
Tsukasa: The truth is, after we finished doing our little tour, I've been wanting to grow more as an actor!
Tsukasa: Our escapade allowed us to perform in all sorts of different places with a wide variety of people.
Tsukasa: Remember how each show went a bit differently depending on who ended up helping us?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Emu: Yeah! When Honami and her friends sang for us at the beach, we changed our dance routine a little☆
Rui: Yes. And MORE MORE JUMP! did an amazing job of interacting with the audience when we performed on top of that mountain.
Tsukasa: Exactly! The same goes for when Shiraishi and her partner helped us, as well as Yoisaki!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: We gained and learned much because we performed alongside different people compared to normal in places we don't usually go.
Tsukasa: I felt the same thing when we performed with Asahi and his troupe the other day. So, I believe new encounters can lead to new discoveries!
Tsukasa: And there are plenty of people out there that we have yet to meet!
Miku (WxS): So, that means...?
KAITO: The more new people you meet, the more new things you stand to learn or gain, which may lead to further growth, yes?
Tsukasa: Yes!
Tsukasa: What do you all say?! How exciting would it be to make such discoveries?!
Emu: Yeah! I'm getting excited just at the thought of that☆
Miku (WxS): Me too! Me too!
Nene: I understand how you feel, Tsukasa, but accomplishing that really won't be easy...
Rui: Hehe. But it's something we'd expect you to say.
KAITO: I agree. The power of positivity makes dreams come true.
Tsukasa: Hahaha! That is exactly my point!
Tsukasa: Let us take what we learned from the shows we just did and propel ourselves forward this year!
Tsukasa: Bear witness as I, Tsukasa Tenma, future star... No, wait...
Tsukasa: Bear witness as I, Tsukasa Tenma, future superstar, accomplish feats of true greatness!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah!
Emu & Miku: Yeah!
Rui: Hehe. Now that he's feeling better, I'll be looking forward to what the future has in store for us.
Nene: Yeah, he seems like he's back to normal.
KAITO: Hehe.
(Black cut)
