574_Tsukasa Tenma_R3 Never Give Up (event_82)

Gacha phrase: One more time, please!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Tsukasa's Room]

Tsukasa: The workshop finally begins tomorrow...
Tsukasa: I'll need to thank Emu and the others again for allowing me to attend.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rui: I agree with what you're saying, Tsukasa. This is a wonderful opportunity that you should take full advantage of. Please, don't mind us.
Emu: Yeah, he's right! Especially since you're gonna be a star in the future!
Emu: So, I'll be rooting for you! Go Tsukasa! We believe in you☆
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: They even cheered for me. So, I'll need to learn as much as I can!
Tsukasa: Oh, I should also contact Asahi since he's the one who told me about it.
Tsukasa: First, I have to thank him and...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Ah, he responded. Let's see...
Tsukasa: “The director has a rather unique personality, but you should be fine since you're used to working with Rui. Break a leg.”
Tsukasa: Hm? A unique personality...?
Tsukasa: This director's supposed to be very famous in the showbiz world, and I hear his name come up quite a lot. But I see...
Tsukasa: Anyway, there's no reason for me to hesitate! Like Asahi says, I'm already used to working with an eccentric director!
Tsukasa: I'll be ready for whatever or whoever is thrown at me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The day of the workshop]

[Workshop Venue]

Tsukasa: Ah, this must be it!
Tsukasa: (I was afraid that I'd arrived too early, but there's already quite a few people here.)
Tsukasa: Wait, that person's from the Kinmokusei Theatre Company...!
Tsukasa: (No, it's not just them... Everyone here seems to be an established TV, film or stage actor.)
Tsukasa: (And I get to learn alongside them today...!)
Tsukasa: (There was no way I would've found this workshop if Asahi hadn't told me about it.)
Tsukasa: (I must make the most of this opportunity!)
Actor A: Hey, who's the guy that just walked in...?
Actor B: No idea. But he looks familiar...
Tsukasa: (Those two are looking right at me! I should take this opportunity to greet them!)
Tsukasa: It's a pleasure to meet you! My name is Tsukasa Tenma! I perform for one of the stages at Phoenix Wonderland!
Actor B: Phoenix Wonderland...?
Actor B: Wait, I remember now...! You guys did a show with Genbu, right?! And came up with the night show everyone online was talking about!
Actor A: Really?! I saw that on social media too. My jaw hit the floor when I actually went to see it.
Tsukasa: Huh...?! Th-Thank you very much...!
Actor B: Haha. Relax, we're all here to attend the same workshop, so you're surrounded by friends. Also, I'm guessing we're close to the same age.
Actor A: Yeah. Who belongs where, seniority and all that don't really matter since we're not here to work.
Actor B: What he said. So, Tenma, it's nice to meet you!
Tsukasa: ...!
Tsukasa: (That's right... Them, me... We're all actors here to attend the same workshop.)
Tsukasa: (We're not just here to learn more about acting. We're here to push each other to become better!)
Tsukasa: Yes, thank you! I'm looking forward to working with you!
???: Ah, is everyone already here...?
Tsukasa: ...!
Director: Let's do a quick head count... Yes, everyone appears to be present, and eager to start learning.
Director: So, we'll begin slightly ahead of schedule. I am the director who will be leading this workshop...
Tsukasa: (I've seen him do interviews on TV and for newspapers before, but he seems like a kind and mild-mannered fellow...)
Tsukasa: (I'm not sensing anything out of the ordinary like Asahi said...)
(Black cut)
Director: We'll only be together for a short time, but I look forward to working with all of you.
Tsukasa & the Actors: Thank you for having us!
Director: Why don't you all start by introducing yourselves?
Tsukasa: (Ah, self introductions! My forte! This is my chance to show everyone how...)
Director: You will all take turns playing the same character and reciting the same lines from this script.
Tsukasa: Huh? The same character? A script?
Director: Hehe. You are all actors after all. Please show us all who “you” are through this role.
Director: We'll see how many of your names I remember by the end of all this...
Tsukasa: ...!
Tsukasa: (In other words, if we don't meet his expectations, he's not going to bother remembering who we are!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (N-Now I see... There is more to him than meets the eye.)
Director: You all have a script now, yes? We'll begin once you've had a chance to ask questions.
Tsukasa: (No, I have to stay focused...!)
Tsukasa: (This script... It's just one page...? The character's name is... Taro Sato, who works as a salesman and is introducing himself...)
Tsukasa: (How are we supposed to distinguish ourselves with such a simple set of lines...?)
Tsukasa: (This isn't going to be easy. However...)
Tsukasa: (It's also very intriguing! I've never had to introduce myself in such a way before!)
Tsukasa: (Alright, I'm going to do my absolute best to make sure he learns my name!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma)

[Workshop Venue]

Director: We only have a few days left together, so I hope you all make the most of our remaining time by learning as much as possible.
Tsukasa & the Actors: We will!
Director: Now, let's put the sword-fighting exercises you did earlier into practice by using them in a scene.
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: “*Roar*”
Actor A: “Ah, you've some skill... I remember when you were just a pipsqueak.”
Actor A: “Unfortunately... It's no use...!”
Tsukasa: “Urgh...! Grr...!”
Actor A: “What happened? You seemed so confident a second ago.”
Tsukasa: “...! I cannot lose... Not to the likes of you!”
Director: Mr. Pegasus... You misunderstand what your character is feeling.
Director: Yes, it's natural for one to raise their voice during a scene such as this...
Director: But “you” already know that victory will not be achievable at this rate. You must not forget that grief and despair linger in the back of your mind.
Tsukasa: ...! Yes, of course.
Tsukasa: Please, allow me to try that again!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Sorry to bother you during your break!
Actor A: No problem, Pegasus. What's up?
Tsukasa: So, um... Would you mind practicing with me for a bit? I'd like to work on what the director just said.
Actor B: Hey, that sounds fun! Lemme join too, Pegasus!
Tsukasa: Ah, excellent! Thank you very much! But...
Tsukasa: Do you all need to call me by that name...?
Actor B: Huh? I think it's cute. Pegasus seems like a great nickname.
Tsukasa: I don't feel happy about that at all!
Tsukasa: How did this happen...? I didn't even do my usual “Tenma, written as 'soaring pegasus'” bit! Why am I being called “Pegasus” by everyone now?!
Actor A: Don't ask me. Also, you have your own catchphrase? You're just a gift that keeps on giving, huh?
Tsukasa: Hmmm...
Tsukasa: Is this some sort of penalty for not being able to immediately produce results? Is that why I wasn't called by my actual name sooner...?
Actor A: Yes, it did take a while for you to be called by your name, but I think he's taken a real liking to you now...
Actor B: Yeah, I agree. I mean, he totally cracked up when you introduced yourself.
Tsukasa: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Director: Once more, you will all be introducing yourselves by playing the same role and reciting the same lines. Please present to me what you are capable of as actors.
Director: Any questions...? Ah, you there.
Tsukasa: Thank you! How many versions of “me” am I allowed to present?!
Actor A: Huh...?
Actor B: Uh, Tenma...? You're not suddenly believing that you have superpowers or something, right...?
Tsukasa: What are you talking about?!
Director: Hehe. In other words, you'd like for me to see a few different renditions of “yourself”, yes?
Tsukasa: Oh! Yes, that's what I meant!
Actor A: How were we supposed to know?
Actor B: Tenma, we just met, so I'm not sure if I should say this, but have people ever told you that you're pretty weird?
Tsukasa: That's not...! Well, yes...
Tsukasa: Unfortunately, the director of my troupe and I have been given the honor of being called the Weirdo Wombo Combo.
Director: Hehehe... Hahaha!
Director: Hehe. I'm starting to understand why Genbu told you about this workshop.
Tsukasa: What...?
Director: Now, about your introduction...
Director: You are all actors, so I'm sure it wasn't easy deciding how you wish to portray yourselves.
Director: However, since you were all so eager to get here, we were able to start early, so who don't you all do two renditions?“
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Actor B: Man, you definitely left an impression back there.
Tsukasa: But my acting was a mess...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Director: Hmm... I'm struggling to get an insight into your character's background and self based on your portrayal.
Director: It tells me nothing about who you are. Anyway, next...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsukasa: (He's right. My acting felt thin that time. It had no depth to it.)
Tsukasa: (When I perform as a member of Wonderlands×Showtime, I get to do shows based on well-written scripts...)
Tsukasa: (Which is why I've had no trouble bringing the characters I play and their stories to life!)
Tsukasa: (It took me quite some time to figure that out and find a solution, but I somehow managed in the end!)
Tsukasa: (Because I was chosen to play the lead as Peter Pan!)
Actor A: Look, Pegasus is making weird faces again.
Actor B: Hey, Pegasus. Earth to Pegasus!
Tsukasa: Huh?! Pardon me. I was deep in thought.
Tsukasa: Anyway, let's start practicing our parts!
Actors A & B: Yeah! Okay!
(Black cut)
