606_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 In Tearful Eyes, An Immortal Bird (event_88)

Gacha phrase: No... No, I won't look away!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Neighborhood]

Tsukasa: *Sigh*
Tsukasa: (Another day, another failed attempt at grasping my character during practice...)
Tsukasa: (But I'm beginning to understand how hard it is to get by on just water. So, I just need to keep doing what I can to understand Rio better.)
Tsukasa: Oh, I'm already home. Time flies when you mull things over, I suppose.
Tsukasa: (I can't let Saki see the downcast expression that's on my face right now...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Tsukasa: I'm back!
Tsukasa: (...! This smell...)
Saki: Welcome home, Tsukasa♪ Guess what? We're having curry for dinner tonight!
Tsukasa: (I knew it...! But...)
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! Did you forget that I'd be eating out today...?
Saki: Oh, that's right. You said you guys would all go out for food after practice.
Saki: So, how was practice? Do you think you're gonna get to play the boy for “The Happy Phoenix”?
Tsukasa: (Oh... I shouldn't deceive her too much...)
Tsukasa: I-I'm still not sure...!
Tsukasa: Because I'm competing against all these great actors from the park's number one stage! And on top of that, it's a fairly tricky role!
Saki: Haha. You say that, but your face is telling me that you feel pretty good about this.
Tsukasa: R-Really? Hah hah hah hah hah!
Tsukasa: (No! I revealed too much of the truth...!)
Saki: Hehe. I believe in you, Tsukasa! I'm sure you'll do just fine♪
Tsukasa: Thank you, Saki! I appreciate it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A]

Tsukasa: (My stomach won't stop grumbling...)
Tsukasa: (But Rio also experienced this pain. I can't let myself forget that...)
Toya: Excuse me... Is Tsukasa here right now?
Tsukasa: Hm? Ah, Toya. I'm right here.
Toya: ...
Tsukasa: Hm? Toya...?
Toya: Oh, it's nothing that important...
Toya: But the actor you told me about will be performing on stage soon, yes?
Tsukasa: Are you talking about Mr. Amami's show...?
Tsukasa: As much as I want to go see him, I need to keep practicing for my audition...
Toya: ...
Tsukasa: Toya...? You've been staring at my face this entire time...
Toya: No, it's just... I'm sorry...
Tsukasa: Toya... Is there something else that you'd like to talk about?
Tsukasa: We've known each other for how long? Please, don't hesitate.
Toya: Then...
Toya: The thing is, just yesterday, I messaged Saki to see if she would take one of my claw machine prize plushies...
Toya: That was when she mentioned you were acting a bit different.
Tsukasa: ...
Tsukasa: I see. That's why you're here right now. To make sure I'm doing okay...
Toya: Yes, I'm sorry... I know I'm being very nosy, but...
Tsukasa: No, it's okay.
Tsukasa: (All this lying and deception is definitely starting to confuse everyone, including myself...)
Tsukasa: I apologize, Toya. I've actually been practicing for a role in this very big show.
Tsukasa: But I'm struggling to get a grasp of my character. Saki may've felt something was off because I had so much on my mind when I discussed this with her.
Toya: Right, she also mentioned that you've been practicing for a big show.
Tsukasa: I'll be sure to tell her that there's no need to worry. And thank you for showing so much concern.
Toya: No, I understand. It sounds like a tough role, but you also put on an incredible performance as Thorpe that other time.
Toya: So, I'm sure you'll do just fine.
Tsukasa: ...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Saki: Hehe. I believe in you, Tsukasa! I'm sure you'll do just fine♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Yes! I promise to do my best and not disappoint any of you!
Toya: Of course. Now, if you'll excuse me.
Tsukasa: Right, I should send Saki a message.
Tsukasa: (They believe in me...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (They're all giving me their support.)
Tsukasa: (I still have a few days left until the audition. They've placed their faith in me, so I need to figure out how to play Rio!)
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Diner]

Tsukasa: Do you all have your drinks, everyone?!
Emu: Yeah♪
Tsukasa: Then I'll do the honors, but before that...
Tsukasa: Allow me to say just how much I appreciate all of you.
Nene: What?
Tsukasa: This audition... It was a tough ordeal, to say the least...
Tsukasa: I felt so lost and stumbled multiple times along the way. I wasn't sure the current me would be up to the challenge, and I nearly gave up at certain points...
Rui: Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: And yet, you were all willing to believe in me.
Tsukasa: You all supported me when I decided to survive on nothing but water for three days and nights. I couldn't have done that by myself.
Nene: Okay, we get how you feel. So, let's...
Tsukasa: I greatly appreciate what you all did for me! No, I can't thank you enough!
Tsukasa: Especially since the star I admire, Mr. Amami, also played Rio...
Nene: Hold up, Tsukasa! We've had our arms up this whole time, and mine's starting to get really tired...
Rui: Hehe. We know that there's quite a lot that you wish to talk about. But for now, why don't you get our party started for us?
Tsukasa: Hm? Yes, I suppose. Then...
Tsukasa: Here's to me being selected to play Rio...!
Tsukasa, Emu, Rui & Nene: Cheers! Cheers☆
Tsukasa: Ahh...! I feel a wonderful fizz filling up my stomach!
Emu: Oh, that reminds me! Tsukasa, are you back to eating normally?
Tsukasa: Yes, since I wanted to go into today's audition with a full stomach. So, this morning...
Tsukasa: Hm...?
Emu: Whoa! Your tummy just gave a huge growl!
Rui: You have every right to feel hungry after putting on such a magnificent performance.
Nene: You just asked for a drink so you could lead the cheer, but wouldn't it have been better to order some food too...?
Tsukasa: You may be right, but... That's odd. Until just now, I didn't really feel hungry at all.
Rui: It's understandable that these things would slip your mind considering how focused you were on preparing for the audition.
Rui: But you're finally able to relax now that it's over.
Tsukasa: Yes, that may be it...
Tsukasa: But my battle is just beginning!
Tsukasa: I need to keep practicing so that our show becomes an unforgettable one—
Tsukasa: Grr. Silence, stomach! Can't you see that I was on a roll?!
Nene: For now, let's get some food.
Emu: Yeah♪ Tsukasa, you gotta eat lots and lots today!
Emu: Excuse me! Can we have one of everything on this page?!
Tsukasa: Wait, slow down! Yes, I'm hungry, but I can't eat all that!
Rui: Yeah, Emu. That's the page for Salisbury steaks. We should choose some stuff from the other pages.
Tsukasa: That's not what I meant!
Nene: Hehe. For now, why don't we each order something for ourselves?
Emu: What? Don't you guys want to share some fries? Oh, fried chicken too!
Tsukasa: Ah, the page for sides. Yes, let's order some.
Nene: That's all fried and greasy... Can't we get something a little healthier?
Rui: Unfortunately, this place doesn't seem to serve anything of that sort.
Tsukasa: Hey, quit covering up the salads!
Nene: Hmm... Pasta sounds good, but so does a Salisbury steak...
Emu: Nene! Nene! Let's get both and split them☆
Nene: Oh, good idea. Let's do that.
Tsukasa: I know what I'm getting! Steak and curry!
Emu: To split with Rui?
Tsukasa: No, for myself.
Rui: Hehe. You must be famished. Anyway, I'm also ready to order.
Tsukasa: Then...
Tsukasa: Excuse me! We're ready to order!
(Black cut)
