647_Tsukasa Tenma_RB Happy Birthday! 2024

Gacha phrase: Let the Tsukasa Tenma Birthday Festival begin!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[One week before Tsukasa's birthday]

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: Tsukasa! The bath's ready. Do you want to get in fi—
Tsukasa: Saki!!!
Saki: Ahaha, you really want to go first that badly? Okay then, just let me know when you're out♪
Tsukasa: Will do... No, wait. That's not why I'm here!
Tsukasa: This is for you, Saki!
Saki: Aw, the envelope is decorated with a bunch of bunnies!
Saki: Let's see... “To my dearest beloved sister, Saki Tenma”... “You are invited to attend the Tsukasa Tenma Birthday Festival”?!
Saki: Huh? You're not hosting your own birthday party, are you?!
Tsukasa: I am indeed! But it is more than just a mere birthday celebration...
Tsukasa: This party will be dedicated to those who have continued to support me!
Saki: Ooh! But, why this all of a sudden?
Tsukasa: Not long ago, I was researching shows when I happened upon an article about an actor's birthday event.
Tsukasa: The actor said, “Birthdays shouldn't serve to celebrate the day you were born, but rather to thank others for the life you have led,” and I couldn't agree more.
Saki: I see! And so you decided to do the same!
Tsukasa: Exactly! I've fine-tuned the festival program to ensure that all guests have the experience of a lifetime!
Saki: Wow! I can't wait to see what you've got in store for us!
Saki: Oh, so does that mean you've finished preparing for it?
Tsukasa: No, I've got my hands full right now trying to make all the invites as soon as possible.
Tsukasa: My birthday is only a week away. I have to hand these out before everyone's schedules fill up.
Saki: In that case, I'll help you make them!
Tsukasa: What? I must say, I'm grateful for the offer, but you do realize that you're one of my special guests, right?
Saki: Pretty pleeease? Making them looks fun, and at this rate, I'll be the only one there to enjoy your amazing party that you worked so hard to put together!
Tsukasa: Hmm...
Saki: Come ooon...
Tsukasa: Fine, okay. I'll give in and accept your gracious offer!
Saki: Yay!
Saki: So, who else are you making the invites for? Is there anything else I can help with? Tell me, tell me!
Tsukasa: Now, now, calm down, Saki. Let's start with the guest list...
Mother's Voice: Saki, have you and Tsukasa decided who's going to take a bath first?
Saki: Oh...
Tsukasa: That's right, we almost forgot about that.
Tsukasa: Alright, let's pick up where we left off once we're both done. We're going to put on the best party ever, Saki!
Saki: Yeah! Let's go, go, go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukasa's birthday]

Emu: Boy, I'm really looking forward to Tsukasa's birthday party♪
Nene: Yeah, although I didn't expect him to suddenly thrust an invitation into my hands...and such a cute one at that.
Rui: From what I heard, Saki also had a hand in the preparations, too.
Rui: If I recall, Tsukasa's house is just around this corner... Ah, there it is.
Nene: Yeah... Wait, do you guys see that sign in front of the house?
Emu: I see it! It says... “This way to the Tsukasa Tenma Birthday Festival”♪
Rui: Hehe, a sign that colorful stands right out. We definitely know that we're in the right place.
Nene: Did he have to make it that flamboyant?
Emu: Hehehe☆ I'm already super hyped, so let's hurry up and go inside!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: Emu, Nene, Rui! Welcome to the Tsukasa Tenma Birthday Festival!
Saki: Please wait here for a moment♪
Emu: Okay♪
Saki's Voice (Saki): Tsukasa! Everyone's here already!
Honami: Oh, I expected you would all be invited too.
Rui: Yes, we received Saki and Tsukasa's handmade invitations.
Ichika: They had quite the design...
Shiho: At first, I didn't know that Saki had helped, and I was surprised that Tsukasa had decorated them like that.
Saki: So, you're saying that you were amazed Tsukasa decorated them so beautifully?
Shiho: No, of course not...
Honami: We were so surprised because it was so unexpected.
Rui: By the way, I don't see Aoyagi. Has he still not arrived?
Saki: About that... Toya tried to keep today free for this, but...
Saki: He said that the date of an event he was signed up for got moved forward to today.
Nene: I see... That's a shame. He sounded like he was really looking forward to it when I spoke to him in class.
Saki: Oh, but he stopped by this morning! He even gave Tsukasa a gift from the rest of his team!
Saki: Plus, I promised to take a good video of Tsukasa shining at the party so he can watch it later♪
Emu: Hurray! That's bound to put a smile on Toya's face.
Shiho: Huh? The lights went out...
Rui: It seems that the festival is about to begin.
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Everyone! Thank you for coming!
Nene: Huh? Where's his voice coming from?
Ichika: Look, at the top of the stairs!
Tsukasa: Ladies and gentlemen! The Tsukasa Tenma Birthday Festival is about to commence!
Tsukasa: This event is dedicated to all of you, who have shown me nothing but love and support!
Tsukasa: There will even be a special show, so please enjoy every moment until the very end!
Emu: Yay! We get to see a special show!
Saki: Even I don't know what the show's about. I can't wait to find out♪
Tsukasa: And with that, let the Tsukasa Tenma Birthday Festival begin!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Tsukasa: And now, put your hands together for my special show, “The Great Journey of Tsukasa Tenma”!
Emu: Woohoo!
Saki: Go Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Years ago on May 17th, a newborn cried for the first time.
Tsukasa: “Waaah! Waaah!”
Tsukasa: “Oh, what a powerful and majestic cry! There's no doubt our child has a grand future ahead of him!”
Tsukasa: “You're right. He needs a name that screams 'ruler of the world'. Let's call him “Tsukasa”!”
Tsukasa: And thus begins the legacy of an aspiring star!
Nene: “Legacy”? But he's still alive...
Rui: In any case, I'm surprised to learn that his catchphrase is based on the actual origin of his name.
Saki: (Huh? But Mom said that she didn't think about that meaning of his name at the time... Oh well.)
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: “Wow! Seeing the lead actor singing and dancing is enough to make everyone smile!”
Tsukasa: “Someday...someday, I too...will become a star like him!”
Tsukasa: “A star who can make everyone smile, especially my little sister.”
Honami: Saki told me about that. What a wonderful source of motivation.
Shiho: Yeah.
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: And now, we arrive at Tsukasa Tenma's audition at Phoenix Wonderland! At this time, Tsukasa's younger sister Saki resumed her schooling!
Tsukasa: Despite his concerns for her wellbeing, she was up on her feet in no time, forming a band with old friends and bubbling with lust for her new life!
Tsukasa: “It's all thanks to Saki's vigor and her friends who are there to support her.”
Tsukasa: “Even now, seeing her smiling with her friends fills me with warmth.”
Saki: Huh?
Tsukasa: “I could wish for nothing more than to see their everlasting joy.”
Saki: Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: And so, as he continued to chase his dreams, Tsukasa Tenma made some fantastic friends.
Tsukasa: In spite of his own arrogance, misunderstandings and difficulties they faced, they turned out to be irreplaceable parts of his life.
Tsukasa: “The path to stardom is long and seems endless, with nothing but dead end after dead end.”
Tsukasa: “But each time I've found myself at breaking point, they've always been there for me, their hands outstretched and their belief in me unwavering.”
Tsukasa: “I need to prove them right in that belief. Therefore, I vow to become a star so bright that I'm known in every corner of the galaxy!”
Tsukasa: Thus, a fire ignited within Tsukasa Tenma. He leaped forward, ready to embrace his unknown future. The end!
Saki: Tsukasa, that was amazing! I got a bit teary-eyed at one point!
Emu: Me too! Let's keep making fun shows together!
Tsukasa: Yes, of course!
Tsukasa: Now then, it's time to indulge ourselves in a hearty meal! I'd also like to hear your thoughts on the show!
(Black cut)
Emu: Om nom... Mmmh! This gratin is stuffed with lots of meat and macaroni! It's so tasty!
Shiho: This perilla pasta is also really good, although the perilla leaves aren't cut properly...
Saki: Oh no, really? I was so careful when I was slicing them...
Honami: So, you even helped cook the food too, Saki?
Saki: Well actually, me and Tsukasa made it together, with our mom there to show us how.
Nene: Wait, you and Tsukasa together?
Tsukasa: Yes! I could think of no better way to welcome my guests! We're confident that every dish will be to your liking!
Tsukasa: What's more, we even made a cake for dessert from scratch!
Ichika: You did? That's impressive!
Nene: It is, but isn't it a bit strange to make your own birthday cake?
Rui: Hehe. That's Tsukasa for you.
Tsukasa: Saki, thank you for all your help.
Tsukasa: This event wouldn't have gone as smoothly as it did if it wasn't for your help making the food and invites, so thank you.
Saki: Hehehe, glad I could be of help!
Saki: After all, you're the one always helping me, so I just wanted you to have a fun birthday.
Saki: Once again...
Saki: Happy birthday, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: S-Saki...!
Tsukasa: Gaaah! I must be... THE HAPPIEST OLDER BROTHER IN THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000193/bg_s000193.webp)
Toya: Happy birthday, Tsukasa.
Kohane, An & Akito: Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
Toya: I'm sorry for stopping by so early in the morning. Saki sent me a video of your Birthday Festival performance, and I watched it with Akito and the others.
An: When Toya mentioned it was a show about your life, I couldn't really picture how it would pan out, but I was really impressed by your delivery!
Kohane: Yeah! It sounded like the biography of a great historical figure!
Akito: I wouldn't go that far... But, we learned a lot about why you turned out the way you are.
Toya: Tsukasa, I intend to share my thoughts on the show in greater detail when we are at school. I hope you had a delightful birthday.
Mizuki: Happy birthday Tsukasa♪ Ah... I could've gone to your party if it wasn't for work...
Mizuki: Oh, but Toya mentioned he'll show me a video of the show you performed, so I'll let you know how I found it later♪
Shizuku: I hope you had a lovely birthday, Tsukasa. Shii sounded all excited telling me about your wonderful party. She mentioned the delicious food and the show, too!
Shiho: Hey... That's because you kept pestering me to tell you more.
Honami: Hehe, it really was fun though, wasn't it? It was a great show, and we had delicious food to boot!
Ichika: Yeah. It reminded me of the good old days. Saki, Tsukasa and everyone would gather 'round the table to eat together...
Saki: I know, right! Hehehe, I'm glad I got to help out! Here's to another year, Tsukasa♪
Rui: Although it was your birthday, we were the ones made to feel celebrated.
Nene: I have to say, you delivered quite the show despite your busy rehearsal schedule. It made me wonder just how you managed to fit this in.
Emu: Yeah, although really, that show is still going on☆
Rui: That's right. Perhaps, when Tsukasa attains stardom someday, it will mean the show has ended.
Rui: If possible, I want to see that moment with my own eyes.
Nene: Me too, and I won't fall behind him either.
Emu: Oooh! Nene's all fired up! In that case, I'll give it my all, too♪
Rui: Hehe, for now, we have plenty of shows on our plate. Here's to another year, Mr. Troupe Leader.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Thank you everyone for celebrating my birthday today!
Tsukasa: Your messages of support resonate within me.
Tsukasa: I promise to continue to race down the path to stardom!
Tsukasa: I hope you continue to look out for me. Thank you all for a magnificent day!
(White cut)
