652_Tsukasa Tenma_R2 One Foot In Front Of The Other (event_95)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi)

[Neighborhood]

Tsukasa: Hmm...
Tsukasa: I wasn't able to give Nene any good advice...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Nene: ♪————...
Nene: ...is about all I got. Did I sound weird or off in any way...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: I wish I could do something for her since she helped me with becoming Rio...
Tsukasa: (Nene's always had confidence in her singing, so I doubt she foresaw any of this happening...)
Tsukasa: (It seemed like quite a shock to her... But she may be moving in the right direction since she went over to speak to the director about what he told her.)
Tsukasa: (Which means all we can do is believe in what she does...)
Tsukasa: (Knowing that you have friends supporting you can make a huge difference. It definitely did when I was learning to play Thorpe and Rio.)
Tsukasa: (But this is different from learning to play a character. She has to break some old habits, which isn't going to be easy...)
Tsukasa: (I hope she figures out what she needs to do...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Phoenix Stage]

Nene: Good morning!
Cast Members: Morning, Kusanagi! Let's do our best again today!
Tsukasa: (Nene's just putting on a face... Saki does the same thing whenever she tells me that “everything's fine” when it really isn't...)
Tsukasa: (She even has bags under her eyes...)
Tsukasa: (I have a feeling that she's still stuck... Hmm... If only there were some way we could help her...)
Sakurako: Tenma, would you mind if we had a quick chat about the scene we'll be working on today?
Tsukasa: Sakurako Seiryuin!
Tsukasa: ...! Of course! You might know what to do!
Sakurako: Huh?
(Black cut)
Sakurako: I see. I didn't realize you were all so worried about Kusanagi.
Tsukasa: We are. We couldn't even figure out what these habits of hers are when we discussed it as a troupe.
Tsukasa: She's unaware of any such habits, which means the onus was on us to know what they are...
Sakurako: I understand what you're trying to say, but you may not have the experience necessary to spot these habits of hers...
Tsukasa: What...?! Does that mean you know what she needs to fix, Seiryuin?!
Sakurako: ...
Sakurako: Yes, I think so...
Tsukasa: Excellent! Then, would you mind talking to Nene for us?!
Sakurako: That I won't do.
Tsukasa: Wha—?! Why...?!
Sakurako: You really have to ask? It's the other way around. She has to come and ask me.
Tsukasa: ...!
Sakurako: I prefer not to toot my own horn... But when it comes to singing, I'm more knowledgeable and technically skilled than Kusanagi. She's well aware of this fact.
Sakurako: However, she's currently trying to solve this problem under her own power.
Tsukasa: True...
Tsukasa: I'm sorry... I didn't mean to demean you or Nene in any way. Please forget what I just said.
Sakurako: I shall.
Sakurako: But keep in mind that I am simply keeping my distance for now.
Sakurako: When the time comes, whether or not she wishes to hear it, I am going to tell her to hard truth.
Tsukasa: Right. We don't have much time left until our show opens, so we can't wait for her to find an answer on her own...
Tsukasa: I need to thank you for believing in Nene and giving her time to figure this out.
Sakurako: Believe in her? I simply wish to focus on practicing my own role.
Sakurako: Also, where does this all leave you...?
Sakurako: Yes, you're doing a wonderful job of expressing your emotions... But you still have quite a few things to work on, including your character's more nuanced mannerisms, the timing for your lines and such, no...?
Tsukasa: Oof...
Sakurako: Yet your mind is preoccupied with the business of others. Do you not see a problem with that?
Tsukasa: You're absolutely right, Sakurako Seiryuin. I have no rebuttal...
Tsukasa: (As much as I want to help Nene, I need to keep working on my own character...!)
Tsukasa: Sakurako Seiryuin! Let's discuss that scene we'll be doing today!
Sakurako: That's what I like to hear. First, about the opening portion...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Stage - Green Room]

Sakurako: Does everyone have a drink ready?
Emu: I'm ready!
Cast Members: Ready whenever!
Tsukasa: Then, here's to a successful 30th Anniversary Show!
Tsukasa & Sakurako: Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
Cast Members: Kamishiro, Otori, you guys did such an amazing job! But I guess this is it for Team Birdie...
Cast Members: Haha! Team Birdie?! That's the first time I'm hearing this name.
Rui: Each of our practices was a great learning experience. It was an honor to be able to perform on stage with all of you.
Cast Members: Likewise! So, let's make the most of this after-party and really have a blast!
Emu: Yeah! I wanna chat lots and lots with you guys!
Nishie: Nice job out there, Kusanagi.
Nene: Oh, Nishie...! Um, you too.
Nishie: I really loved your Cowardly Canary! You just kept getting better and better as time went on too. It gave me a huge boost of motivation.
Nene: N-No, um...! You did a really amazing job as the witch, Nishie.
Nene: So, if you don't mind... Can you tell me how you practice for shows?
Nishie: Of course! I was actually about to ask you the same thing!
Tsukasa: Everyone seems to be enjoying themselves.
Sakurako: Yes.
Sakurako: We've succeeded as a team countless times before, but this feeling never gets old.
Sakurako: Anyway, there are some people I'd like to talk to. You should do the same and enjoy yourself.
Tsukasa: I will.
Tsukasa: (Now, I can talk to Rui and the others whenever, so I should start by congratulating everyone from the Phoenix Stage...)
???: Tenma!
Tsukasa: Hm?
Cast Members: You did such an amazing job as Rio! It stung pretty bad when I didn't get the part, but we were all totally blown away by your performance!
Cast Members: Yeah, I felt really conflicted the entire time. A part of me was sad that I didn't get the part, while another part of me was really glad that you were chosen for it.
Cast Members: But we're not letting you hog all the glory next time!
Tsukasa: Ah, challenge accepted!
Cast Members: Still, Tenma, you're growing at such an astonishing pace. How did you practice playing your character?
Tsukasa: I tried putting myself in Rio's shoes by simulating what his situation was like in real life.
Tsukasa: For example, well...
Tsukasa: Rio ran around for three days and nights on nothing but water. I wanted to know what that was like, so I ended up skipping several meals...
Cast Members: I see. That explains why you were able to put on such a believable performance...
Cast Members: We'll come up with those kinds of ideas from time to time, but to actually go through with them... I guess that's what sets you apart from the rest of us.
Tsukasa: Actually, I struggled to come up with any other ideas regarding this role...
Tsukasa: (I probably shouldn't tell them that I actually didn't eat for three days straight.)
Tsukasa: What else was there...? Oh, Rio chased the phoenix around, so I practiced by chasing after Robo-Phoenix.
Cast Members: Robo-Phoenix?
Rui: That's the robot I made.
Tsukasa: Wah?! R-Rui...? How long have you been there...?
Rui: I heard you talking when I was pouring myself a drink.
Rui: Anyway, would you all like to see it?
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Yes, we have this corner to ourselves, so we shouldn't be too much of a bother.
Rui: Alright, allow me to introduce... Robo-Phoenix!
Cast Members: Whoa! It's way bigger than I thought!
Cast Members: I heard that you can make your own robots and drones, Kamishiro, but this is so awesome!
Cast Members: So, how did you practice with this thing exactly? You can give us a taste since we have this corner to ourselves, right?
Rui: Yes, of course. Robo-Phoenix, activate!
Cast Members: Hey, it's flying...!
Tsukasa: Now, I had to catch her by doing something like...
Tsukasa: This...!
Cast Members: Hey, she dodged you! I didn't realize she could move so fast!
Tsukasa: Grr... This is likely going to be our final game of cat and mouse, so I will catch you!
Rui: By the way, Tsukasa, I programmed her to become more elusive each time I thought you were getting too close.
Tsukasa: What?! You never said anything about that!
Rui: Ah, that was deliberate.
Rui: Anyway, she was set to super grandmaster mode the last time you did this.
Tsukasa: That name makes it sound impossible to catch her!
Tsukasa: But enough talk... Now's my chance!
Cast Members: Close! That was a nice fake!
Cast Members: You can do it, Tenma!
Emu: Oh, Nene, look! Tsukasa's chasing after Robo-Phoenix!
Nene: You've gotta be kidding me...
Tsukasa: There! No! Got you...!
Cast Members: Oh, now! No, a little to the right! Actually, let's try catching her together!
Cast Members: Okay! I'll go this way! Tenma, you attack her straight on!
Tsukasa: ...! Got it!
Tsukasa: *Roar*
Emu: Oh no! Robo-Phoenix is trapped and doesn't know what to do!
Tsukasa: Yes! I have you noooow!!!
Cast Members: Yeah! Nice one, Tenma!
Tsukasa: No, it was a team effort!
Nishie: Hehe. Your troupe leader's so full of energy!
Nene: Full of energy? More like full of hot air...
Tsukasa: (We've had a chance to really get to know the cast of the Phoenix Stage...)
Tsukasa: (We've become used to practicing and performing at the Phoenix Stage as well. But that ends today.)
Tsukasa: Everyone...
Tsukasa: I really appreciate you all agreeing to do a joint performance with us! Thank you very much!
Tsukasa: It was an incredible experience and we learned so much. I... We even grew quite a bit as actors...
Tsukasa: We look forward to working with you again in the future! I hope you'll have us back sometime!
Emu, Nene & Rui: Thank you very much☆ Thank you very much.
Sakurako: I'll be looking forward to performing with you all again and seeing how you've grown.
Tsukasa: Likewise!
Tsukasa: (The road to stardom is a long one.)
Tsukasa: (But I'll make it as long as I don't give up.)
Tsukasa: (I'll keep moving forward, even if it means just taking baby steps! I will become a true star someday...!)
(Black cut)
