674_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Let's Settle This Now! (event_99)

Gacha phrase: Why am I the beggar again?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma)

[School trip - Day one]

[Kyoto]

Tsukasa: Okay, the traditional crafts workshop should be around here somewhere...
Fujiwara: This map says there should be a big sign just up ahead. Want me to run ahead to look?
Yamaguchi: No, stop! We don't want to cause the locals any trouble! This city's a place of taste and elegance. Some kid from who knows where running around is the opposite of those things.
Yamaguchi: Also, there should be others who chose this workshop. If worst comes to worst and we get lost, we can just try getting ahold of one of them...
Tsukasa: I agree with you about the running bit... But you really never plan ahead, do you?
Tanaka: I know, right? You're the same during matches. That's why the coach and the captain are always giving you an earful.
Yamaguchi: Wh-What does club have to do with this?! Guys, we're on our school trip! Let's talk about our teacups! Have you guys already decided how you're gonna make yours?
Tsukasa: Yes, I have! I even sketched a design for mine!
Yamaguchi: A design?
Tsukasa: Yes, here...! It's going to look like a star when seen from above!
Fujiwara, Tanaka & Yamaguchi: ...
Tsukasa: Why the silence? Has my brilliant design left you all speechless?
Yamaguchi: Really? We're speechless for the opposite reason.
Fujiwara: Tenma, try reading the description of this activity for us again...
Tsukasa: Hm? “This activity involves throwing your own teacup using a wheel.” So...
Fujiwara: Yeah, a wheel.
Tanaka: How are you gonna turn something that's spinning into a star?
Tsukasa: Hah! I will not be foiled so easily! See? “Our ceramicist will guide you to creating your desired shape.”
Yamaguchi: I think a star is taking that too far...
Fujiwara: I feel bad for the ceramicist...
Tanaka: Let's just make some normal-looking ones.
Fujiwara & Yamaguchi: Yeah...
(Black cut)
Fujiwara's Voice: Hey, check it out. Mine turned out pretty well.
Tanaka's Voice: Yeah, it looks really good! Mine's sorta starting to look like a flower vase...
Yamaguchi's Voice: I think that makes it unique. I mean, it definitely looks more like a teacup than what Tenma has.
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): I heard that...! Don't take jabs at me while I'm trying to focus... Huh?!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Noooooo! My teacup! I finally made a neat point, and now I have to start over again!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): I must've spun it too fast this time. I should slow it down a bit and be more careful...
Tanaka's Voice: Honestly, Tenma, you probably shouldn't be using a wheel at all...
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): But that would defeat the purpose of this activity! I refuse to surrender!
(Black cut)
Ceramicist: We'll take the teacups you all made and prepare them to be fired in our kiln. I hope you're all looking forward to seeing how they turn out.
Tsukasa: Yes, thank you for having us today!
Fujiwara, Tanaka & Yamaguchi: Thank you!
Tsukasa: This really was a wonderful experience. They said it's going to take two weeks until they're finished, yes?
Fujiwara: Yeah, because they have to wait for them to dry before they can be fired. After that, they have to mail them out.
Tsukasa: Then, I'll eagerly be awaiting the arrival of the world's one-and-only teacup made by yours truly to see how it turned out!
Yamaguchi: None of us were expecting you to actually make a star-shaped teacup. The look on that ceramicist's face when you showed them your sketch...
Tanaka: I mean, how are you actually gonna drink out of that?
Tsukasa: What?! I have five whole points all to myself!
Fujiwara: The nice thing about a round teacup is that you have 360 whole degrees available to you.
Yamaguchi: Haha! You know logic doesn't work on Tenma!
Tsukasa: Oh? You make fun of someone else's work, but what about your own teacups? Did they turn out the way you wanted? Some of you finished very early...
Fujiwara: Because it wasn't actually that hard to do it normally.
Tanaka: Anyway, due to someone taking more time than expected to make his teacup, we don't have much time before we need to meet back up with everyone else.
Tsukasa: Hm? Is it already time to head back to the inn?
Fujiwara: No, we still have time for lunch. Plus, the workshop was within earshot of the inn.
Tsukasa: True. Then, let's grab some lunch and go for a walk around this area as scheduled.
Yamaguchi: Yeah! Oh, we should see what snacks are available along the way!
Tsukasa: For souvenirs?
Yamaguchi: No, for after we head back to the inn.
Tsukasa: Ah, I see. But try not to eat too much. You wouldn't want to spoil your appetite before dinner.
Yamaguchi: Relax, Mom, I won't!
Tsukasa, Fujiwara, Tanaka & Yamaguchi (Tsukasa): Hahaha. Haha!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Inn]

Rui: Alright, Tsukasa, I believe it's about time you went to buy us those drinks.
Taniyama: Yeah, and they have to be from a vending machine outside of this inn.
Miyake: But it's past curfew. Won't we get in trouble if the teachers find out?
Hayashi: He lost fair and square. Also, these two are used to getting scolded.
Tsukasa: Argh! As frustrating as this is, you unfortunately speak the truth...
Rui: That means you're not afraid of anything, yes?
Tsukasa: How did you arrive at that?! Also, you're enjoying this far too much!
Rui: Hehe. Am I?
Miyake: Anyway, Tenma, Kamishiro... Try not to run into the teachers on lookout, okay?
Tsukasa: Yes, we'll be careful. You all need to be sure you're not caught staying up.
Rui: They may come in to see if all the students are actually asleep.
Taniyama: Yikes, that'd be a pain to deal with.
Hayashi: I guess we should get our beds ready so we can pretend like we're sleeping.
Miyake: Yeah, that totally slipped my mind while playing cards.
Tsukasa: I'll message everyone in my room to do the same.
Rui: Oh, right. You did stuff with your own group today, right, Tenma? What are they like?
Tsukasa: You mean Tanaka, Yamaguchi and Fujiwara? I'm sure you've met or seen them before.
Rui: Yes, you always seem to be talking to them whenever I go visit your classroom...
Miyake: Wait, you're friends with them?!
Tsukasa: Hm? Based on your tone, I assume you are as well?
Miyake: N-No way! I mean, Tanaka and I were in the same class last year...
Miyake: But he's really athletic, a great basketball player, super nice and he has a fun personality... He's everything I'm not...
Taniyama: Yamaguchi and Fujiwara are both in sports clubs and really popular. I see them talking to girls all the time...
Tsukasa: So what if they do? They're just interacting normally as classmates.
Hayashi: Interacting normally? You hear that, guys...?
Taniyama: You've gotta be kidding me.
Miyake: Haha. Yeah...
Tsukasa: ...?
Rui: Hehe... Anyway, Tsukasa, you should really go get us those drinks now.
Tsukasa: Yes, right. What would you all like me to get—
Teacher's Voice: Hey, what are you all still doing up! Don't you know it's well past curfew?!
Tsukasa: Th-That sounded like a teacher! Which room was that?!
Rui: One or two doors down from what I could tell. They must be doing their patrols now.
Taniyama: Quick! We gotta turn off the lights!
Hayashi: Wait, no! We haven't laid out our beds yet...!
Tsukasa: Whoa! I can't see! It's too dark!
Miyake: Thank goodness we already put the cards and stuff away! Here, I found the beds!
Rui: Okay, we just gotta lay down our own beds and wait for that teacher to leave.
Tsukasa: Hm? Wait, where does that leave me?!
Rui: Don't worry. You can hide under the table.
Tsukasa: How is that supposed to help?!
Miyake: Shush! Kamishiro, make your bed! Tenma, hide! Now...!
Teacher: I thought I just heard some commotion...
Miyake, Hayashi & Taniyama: ...
Rui: ...
Tsukasa: ...
Teacher: I guess I was just hearing things...
Rui: Okay, I think we're safe...
Tsukasa: Phew... That was rather thrilling.
Miyake: Um, Tenma...? Maybe you should head back to your room. If they find out that you're not there...
Tsukasa: No, I'm not about to give up after coming this far! Also, I should be fine if I ask my groupmates to make a dummy of me.
Tsukasa: They're apparently quite adept at pulling a fast one on the teachers in these sorts of situations.
Taniyama: Oh... Haha. I guess we sort of think alike in that regard...
Rui: Yes.
Tsukasa: Okay, we'll be off! Wish us luck!
Miyake: Alright, be careful!
Teacher's Voice: Kamishiro! I knew you were still up! Wait, Tenma, you too?!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): You're still here?! Were you waiting to ambush us?!
Miyake: Ah...
Taniyama: Yikes, caught in the act...
Hayashi: I guess this is their comeuppance for everything they get up to.
Miyake: Haha...
(Black cut)
