704_Tsukasa Tenma_R2 Words Of Thanks (event_104)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: How does it look, Rui...?
Rui: Yes, it seems good. I'll take this script and begin working on how we'll present it.
Tsukasa: Excellent! Thank you!
Emu: Yay☆ That means we're done working on the script for the anniversary show♪
Nene: Yeah, and I feel like the ending really suits us now. I like it.
Tsukasa: But of course! I mean, how much happier can this ending get?!
Tsukasa: Phoenix Wonderland's anniversary show is scheduled to open two months from now!
Tsukasa: This will be our final show as members of its cast, so let's give it everything we have!
Emu, Nene & Rui: Yeah!
Nene: Oh, right. They're probably gonna announce that we're becoming freelancers pretty soon, huh?
Rui: Yes. From what I understand, they're going to explain what's going on to the cast first before announcing it to the public.
Tsukasa: Emu's brothers said that they'd take care of it, so we shouldn't have to worry much...
Tsukasa: But I feel a little bad about placing the burden on them...
Rui: Me too. Yes, they agreed to us becoming freelancers, but we stand to benefit more from this...
Rui: Which means we should do what we can for them and the park.
Nene: Hmm... We still have the anniversary show, so we should get a chance to greet all the visitors, right?
Tsukasa: So what about the other cast members...?
Tsukasa: They're our valued comrades. They helped us protect and save Phoenix Wonderland...
Rui: We should at least thank them one last time.
Emu: Oh, that shouldn't be a problem!
Emu: Keisuke and Shosuke said that it'd be okay for us to do that after they've had a chance to tell them the news.
Tsukasa: Oh, really?!
Emu: Yup! And there's lots of people I still need to talk to♪
Tsukasa: Excellent! Then, once they've heard the news, we'll go and thank them one last time!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[In Front of the Ferris Wheel]

Emu: Good mooorning☆
Tsukasa: We're sorry to interrupt your preparations, but do you all have a moment to talk?
Cast Member A: Oh, Emu! Wait, you're all here!
Cast Member B: We heard the news! You're gonna start freelancing and learn how to put on better shows?
Rui: Yes, which is why we came by to thank you all one last time.
(Black cut)
(Place: In Front of the Phoenix Coaster)
Nene: We understand if you're surprised since we know the news was sudden...
Emu: But we're gonna go see lots of new things, experience lots of stuff and come back bigger and better than before!
Cast Member C: Hahaha! That's great! Yeah, you guys definitely should experience as much as you can while you're young.
Cast Member D: I agree. It also makes me really happy that the park's operators are willing to give you this opportunity.
(Black cut)
(Place: In Front of the Fish Coaster)
Cast Member E: Go on! The more famous you all become, the prouder we'll be to have worked with you!
Cast Member F: Our beloved fish coaster's still in operation because of all of you.
Cast Member F: So, thank you very much! We hope all your dreams come true!
Tsukasa: And thank you all very much!
Emu, Nene & Rui: Thank you all very much!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Phoenix Stage]

Nishie: We were all so stunned when they told us that you guys are gonna become freelancers!
Omori: But it actually kinda makes sense. We're really happy for all of you!
Cast Members: Things aren't gonna be the same, but we'll be rooting for you guys!
Cast Members: Go learn as much as you can!
Tsukasa: All of you...
Rui: Thank you for understanding...
Sakurako: They understand because it's you we're talking about. They wouldn't do that for just anyone.
Sakurako: After all, you've managed to pull off a miracle once already.
Sakurako: By saving Phoenix Wonderland. By keeping it “the place where everyone smiles”.
Tsukasa: ...! But we were only able to do that because of all your help. It was a massive group effort.
Tsukasa: We never would've been able to accomplish such a thing by ourselves...
Sakurako: Of course you wouldn't have.
Sakurako: But even I was impressed by the way you were able to take action and unite the park's entire cast under one banner.
Sakurako: With that sort of power, you should be able to make even more people smile than before.
Emu: Sakurako...!
Sakurako: I'll look you all up from time to time, so do your best out there.
Sakurako: But before you do, you have to fulfill your duties as cast members by putting on a good anniversary show.
Tsukasa: Yes, of course!
Tsukasa: We promise to make the most of all your kindness by putting on an absolutely spectacular performance!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Phoenix Wonderland]

[Wonder Stage]

Tsukasa: Today, it begins...
Tsukasa: (Our final show as members of the cast here.)
Tsukasa: (Soon, the anniversary show for Phoenix Wonderland will open.)
Tsukasa: (Like all our other shows, I'm sure we'll be doing our last performance before we know it.)
Tsukasa: (No...)
Tsukasa: (Looking back, it feels like every day has flown by ever since I first met Emu here.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Emu: Haaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(White cut)
Tsukasa: Whoa! What on earth was that? Something just dropped out of the sky!
Emu: Welcome to the Wonder Stage, a place filled with lots of smiles☆
Emu: All together, now! One, two, wonderhoy☆
Tsukasa: Huh?
(White cut)
Tsukasa: Say hello to our new stage director!
(White cut)
Rui: Apologies for the wait. Here she is.
Tsukasa & Emu: She's a robot?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Wonderlands×Showtime shall continue operations!
(White cut)
Emu & Tsukasa: Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: The first time I was brought here, all I could see was just a run-down stage.
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: But as Emu said, you have the power to take people to different worlds and make the audience smile.
Tsukasa: I regret calling you a run-down stage back then.
Tsukasa: No matter what anyone says, you mean everything to us!
Emu: Morning, Tsukasa☆
Nene: Oh, you're here early.
Rui: To be fair, we also seem to have arrived much earlier than the time we agreed upon...
Tsukasa: Well, today's the day the anniversary show opens!
Nene: Speaking of which, “#AnniversaryShow” and similar hashtags started trending online after the park announced that it'd be happening.
Tsukasa: People also seemed to be talking about us no longer regularly doing shows here.
Rui: Fortunately, things didn't get too out of hand after that information was announced.
Tsukasa: Yes, they seemed to accept it rather well. I believe they were relieved to know that this won't be the end.
Nene: A lot even said that they're gonna come see our last show no matter what.
Emu: Oh, Kohane also said she's definitely gonna come see us!
Tsukasa: Right, Toya also got in touch with me on that. He's apparently going to be here with Akito in tow.
Rui: Hehe. It seems likely that Shiraishi will come along to round out their group.
Nene: Oh, Hoshino said she'll be coming with her bandmates.
Tsukasa: I heard that as well. Saki sounded extremely excited!
Emu: Wow...! Hehe. We've gotta make sure they all have lots and lots of fun♪
Rui: Yes! I believe everyone who comes to see our show is going to go home smiling.
Tsukasa: Let's go out there and make our last show as members of Phoenix Wonderland's cast one to remember!
Emu: Yeah!
Tsukasa: Oh, that reminds me! I was thinking that we could greet the audience.
Tsukasa: We should take this opportunity to show them our gratitude, so if you don't mind listening for a second...
(Black cut)
