722_Tsukasa Tenma_R3 Leave It To Me! (event_107)

Gacha phrase: I shall take this opportunity and teach you!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Nene: Huh...? What did you just say?
Rui: I'm sorry, Tsukasa. Could you repeat that?
Tsukasa: Yes. Listen carefully, all of you.
Tsukasa: I...
Tsukasa: I...might be held back a year!
Miku (WxS): H-Held back...?!
Emu: But, isn't that super, super bad?!
Tsukasa: Yes...! It's unprecedentedly bad!
Tsukasa: If... If I don't make it into third year...
Tsukasa: I'll be in the same year as you and Nene!
Emu: The same year...as you...?!
Miku (WxS): That means Nene and Tsukasa will be able to put on as many shows as they like, every day☆
Emu: Oh, that sounds so cool! I wanna do a show at school too!
Tsukasa: It would certainly not be cool!
Tsukasa: All of you, think about it reasonably! If that happened, I...would be in the same year as Saki!
Emu: Y-You're right... Tsukasa and...Saki...?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Teacher: Who can answer this question...? Ms. Tenma! Do you know?
Saki: Huh?
Saki: (Wait, what was it...? I... I forgot!)
Saki: Uh... Um... Uhhh...
Tsukasa: (Oh no! Saki's in a bind! At a time like this, her big brother must go to her aid!)
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! Look here, Saki! Your knight in shining armor takes the stage!
Saki: Tsukasa...?!
Tsukasa: What a difficult question! Seven hundred percent difficulty! But the certainty that you can answer it is ten out of ten!
Tsukasa: Saki, I know you know the answer! Come now, think!
Saki: Wait... What?!
Saki: (Oh... Seven hundred... Ten... Is he giving me a clue?)
Saki: Seven hundred...and ten... The year 710... Oh, now I remember! The relocation of the capital to Nara!
Teacher: Correct! Well done, Ms. Tenma!
Tsukasa: That's my little sister! I expect nothing less!
Tsukasa: I ask you! Give Saki more questions to answer! She can answer even harder ones!
Saki: Yes! Keep them coming! I'll answer them all!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

KAITO: Emu, are you okay?
Emu: That...sounds...so fun! I wanna be your classmate too!
Tsukasa: What are you talking about?! Good grief... There's no point trying to keep up with your imagination.
Tsukasa: Anyway, I need to get into third year, whatever it takes!
Miku (WxS): But, how are you gonna do that?
Tsukasa: There are going to be supplementary classes all through next week, and there's a test on the last day that will determine whether I'm held back or not.
Nene: So you need to do well on that test to get into third year?
Tsukasa: Yes. My fate will be decided next Friday! And so...Rui!
Tsukasa: I've swallowed my pride to ask something of you. Please, help me study!
Rui: Well, I imagined you would ask. Of course I'll help you.
Tsukasa: Thank you...! You have my gratitude! I'll be more than well prepared with your help!
Rui: Hehe. You can count on me. Emu will be disappointed, but I want you to join me in third year.
Emu: Hehehe, oh well!
Emu: You can do it, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Yes, I can! I'm going to cross this quagmire without fail!
Rui: Yes, you are. Let's do our best.
Rui: However, it may be wise to have a secret weapon up my sleeve for when the time comes.
Rui: Something that will drill knowledge into Tsukasa's head, whether he likes it or not... An instantaneous memorization device...
Tsukasa: Uh... Hey, Rui?
KAITO: Ahaha... I hope Tsukasa comes out of this unscathed...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma)

[Graduation ceremony]

[Kamiyama High School - School Gate]

Tsukasa: (Well, we came here as soon as homeroom ended, but...)
Tsukasa: (The school gate's swamped with everyone who's graduating.)
Teacher: *Bawl* Congratulations, all of you!
Graduating Students: Hey, don't cry... If you cry, then we'll cry and...
Akito: Did you find him?
Tsukasa: No sign of him. Where could the captain be...?
Tsukasa: This is no time for half-measures.
Tsukasa: Alright, Akito. Leave it to me!
Akito: Huh?
Tsukasa: CAPTAIN!!! WHERE ARE YOU?!
Graduating Student: Wah! Who was that?! My ears...
Graduating Student: Oh, it's that guy! The loud half of the Weirdo Wombo Combo!
Akito: Um, Tsukasa. Could you dial it down a little?
(Background change)
???: OH!!! IS THAT VOICE...TENMA?!
(Background change)
Graduating Student: Whoa! Again?! It's coming from the schoolyard this time!
Akito: Him too...?
Tsukasa: Akito! I hear his voice coming from the schoolyard! Let's go meet him!
Akito: Okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Cheer Squad Captain: You came just to see me?
Tsukasa: Yes! We wanted to say a proper goodbye, so we decided to drop by.
Akito: That's right. Tsukasa invited me, and I figured I should come see you.
Tsukasa & Akito: Congratulations on your graduation!
Cheer Squad Captain: Oh! Many thanks to both of you!
Cheer Squad Captain: Also... Tenma, I heard that you had supplementary classes. It must've been a rough time, but I'm pleased to know you passed!
Tsukasa: Wh-Why do you know about that, Captain?!
Cheer Squad Captain: Hah. You are a school celebrity, don't forget. There was talk among us third-years that the Weirdo Wombo Combo might have to disband.
Tsukasa: So much about my life is public knowledge... It's not easy being a star...
Tsukasa: Wait, no no no! Now is not the time for that!
Tsukasa: Oh captain, my captain. Thank you for all your work during the Sports Festival.
Tsukasa: Although we didn't win, we will take the baton from you and be sure to seize victory next year!
Akito: That's right. Defeat doesn't sit right with me. Well, it depends if we get a chance or not.
Cheer Squad Captain: Hah, I see! Well then, I leave it in your capable hands!
Tsukasa: Understood!
Cheer Squad Captain: Thanks to you two, I'm leaving no regrets behind. You have my gratitude for helping make us such a great cheer squad.
Tsukasa: Captain...
Cheer Squad Captain: As it's my last chance, let me give you both some parting words as your senior.
Cheer Squad Captain: I say this particularly to you, Tenma, since next year will be your last at high school. Give everything your all, and make sure you don't leave any unfinished business behind!
Tsukasa: We will! I'll commit your advice to memory!
Akito: Congratulations on getting through the last three years.
Cheer Squad Captain: Well then. Farewell!
Tsukasa: (Yes. It's just like he said...)
Tsukasa: (I want to leave this school with as much contentment and pride on my face as he had. And so...)
Tsukasa: I need to be even more diligent and make next year count.
Akito: I can't slack off either.
Tsukasa: Let's both do our best!
Akito: Let's.
(Black cut)
