736_Tsukasa Tenma_R2 Brand New Style

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Shopping Mall]

Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! We've really made the most of our time after school!
Tsukasa: We have triumphed over ice cream, beef skewers, kebabs with no vegetables, and even mutton biryani!
Rui: I think we outdid some of the latest vacuum cleaners out there. Now my stomach is making awful noises.
Rui: Though, it was surprisingly fun to spend the afternoon pretending to be competitive eaters. We should do this again.
Tsukasa: Agreed! If only school always got out this early.
Tsukasa: On the other hand, that may get old rather quickly.
Rui: You may be right... Especially considering how much I enjoy being chased around by the teachers.
Tsukasa: You're the only one who feels that way...
Tsukasa: Still, we do get to be in class together this year!
Tsukasa: Not only that, but different faces around us... A new environment... Don't they just fill you with excitement?!
Rui: Hehe. Yes, they do. I'm looking forward to seeing what the future has in store for us.
Tsukasa: Alright, now that we've had a chance to eat, it is time to come up with a theme for our next show...
Tsukasa: Wait, isn't that...?!
Rui: What do you see?
Tsukasa: Rui, look... This sweater vest. I'm feeling some sort of profound connection to it.
Rui: This tepid embroidered fish... Isn't this from that clothing brand you like?
Tsukasa: Yes, it appears to be so.
Tsukasa: But this sweater vest... It balances cute and cool so perfectly that I can't help but gravitate towards it.
Tsukasa: I... I must have it!
Rui: Then, why don't you try it on? I'll wait here for you.
Tsukasa: Really?! Then, I'll be but a moment!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Excuse me!! Would you be able to direct me to the fitting rooms?!
Rui: Hehe. He's as energetic as ever today.
(Black cut)

[A few minutes later]

Clerk: This looks stunning on you, sir! And it fits just right!
Tsukasa: Thank you very much!
Tsukasa: (I didn't intend to try on a whole outfit centered around this sweater vest, but...)
Tsukasa: I like it... I may just have to buy the entire thing.
Rui: Ah, Tsukasa, you're done changing. That outfit looks very nice on you.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah. Doesn't it? So nice that I'm seriously considering buying all of it now.
Rui: I don't see any problem with that if you like it that much. Plus, it is the best time of year to get something new.
Tsukasa: Now that you mention it, you're right!
Tsukasa: Coming across the perfect outfit at the perfect time. Perhaps this is fate...
Tsukasa: I don't have much cash on hand, but I may just have to take the plunge! Like diving from the Kiyomizu Stage!
Tsukasa: How much would this all be together?!
Clerk: Thank you for shopping with us today! That'll be 25,800 yen.
Tsukasa: 25-thousand?!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: I really went for it...
Tsukasa: I'm sorry for making you wait, Rui.
Rui: No problem at all. Watching you pick out a new outfit also gave me a new perspective.
Rui: As expected, the start of a new term is the best time to switch things up.
Tsukasa: Indeed. The change in our class marks a fresh start! I'd like to make the most of this opportunity!
Tsukasa: Also...
Tsukasa: We are about to embark upon a new journey as Wonderlands×Showtime.
Rui: Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: We're about to make the climb towards stardom, taking the world by storm and making our dreams a reality!
Tsukasa: Let's change our outlook and face that challenge head-on!
Rui: Yes. Let's go out there and make our dreams come true.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama High School]

P.E. Teacher: Stop right there, Kamishiro, Tenma!!! You're not getting away from me today!
P.E. Teacher: Stop hiding and show yourselves! You think it's okay to set off fireworks at the start of a new term?!
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Grr... How did I get dragged into this...?
Rui: Tsukasa, be quiet.
(Background change)
P.E. Teacher: Have any of you first-years seen Kamishiro or Tenma around here at all?! If you have and don't tell me...
First-Years: W-W-W-We haven't seen them! I mean, we don't really know who either of those people are!
P.E. Teacher: Oh, right... Just be sure to report any suspicious activity. I will find them today no matter what...!
(Background change)
Rui: Okay, I think the coast is clear.
Rui: You can speak now, Tsukasa. I do request that you keep your voice down, though...
Tsukasa: Why do I have to keep doing what you say?! Don't forget who got us into this mess!
Rui: But I thought you approved of this plan.
Rui: You even said, “The opening ceremony doubles as a welcoming party for the new students, so I'm sure they'd enjoy it if we threw in some special effects for them!”
Tsukasa: Y-Yes, I said that... But I didn't mean for you to shoot off thirty fireworks! That caused a huge panic!
Rui: Yes, they were a bit louder than I was expecting.
Rui: Also, both you and that teacher made this mistake, but you can't technically call them fireworks since no fire was involved.
Rui: Real ones would've been much too dangerous. That's why I used the mechanism found in party poppers to—
Tsukasa: That's not what's important right now!!!
Tsukasa: Listen up, Rui. We're third-years now. It's our final year here.
Tsukasa: We should be doing what we can to stop being called the Weirdo Wombo Combo and act with more dignity like...
First-Years' Voices: My big bro told me about them, but I can't believe the Weirdo Wombo Combo's actually real...
First-Years' Voices: And what about that really scary teacher chasing after them? Those ridiculous rumors really ended up being true...
First-Years' Voices: If seniors like that are here setting off fireworks during the opening ceremony, this school can't be normal.
Rui: Hm...?
Rui: The new students seem to be talking about us. Our fame precedes us.
Tsukasa: (No, not good...! I need to do something about this...!!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Class 3-C]

Teacher: Alright, let's start our long homeroom.
Teacher: As we discussed before, you'll be making your committee selections today. For now, please raise your hand if you are interested in a position. First...
Tsukasa: (I've given this a lot of thought since the other day. The whole school's been talking about the Weirdo Wombo Combo...)
Tsukasa: (If this keeps up, it will hinder me on my path to superstardom! I must prevent my name from getting dragged through the mud!)
Tsukasa: (And this is the only way...)
Teacher: Let's start with the hall monitor—
Tsukasa: Me!!! I volunteer myself to become a hall monitor!
Rui: Tsukasa...
Classmates: Tenma?! As a hall monitor...?!
Classmates: But he's one of the people always breaking the rules...
Teacher: This isn't the lightning round for a quiz show. I appreciate the enthusiasm, but under what pretense did you raise your hand...?
Teacher: If you and Kamishiro are concocting some sort of scheme, then you'll be...
Tsukasa: There! That is exactly why I'm volunteering!
Tsukasa: Until now, a series of grave misunderstandings has led people to lump me in with Rui as one of the Weirdo Wombo Combo!
Teacher: No, your track record is clear. Those were not “grave misunderstandings.”
Tsukasa: Regardless! I am an honest, hard-working, and honorable high schooler! Plus, I'm a future star!
Tsukasa: So I wish to become a hall monitor for the sake of clearing my name!
Tsukasa: And I swear to keep a watchful eye on Rui from this day on!
Classmates: Is he serious...?
Classmates: But I bet Tenma keeping an eye on Kamishiro would be good news for the teachers.
Classmates: Yeah, because it's impossible to catch them both...
Rui: Oh dear...
Rui: This is turning into quite a predicament.
Teacher: If you truly intend to follow through on that promise, then I'd be more than happy to make you a hall monitor, Tenma...
Tsukasa: ...! Does that mean...?!
Teacher: However, if I find out that you're in cahoots with Kamishiro, you're immediately out! You'll be spending your days locked in the guidance counselor's office. Are we clear?
Tsukasa: Yes, thank you very much! I, Tsukasa Tenma, vow to do my absolute best as a hall monitor!
Classmates: Th-This is nuts...
Classmates: The newspaper club needs to start preparing a special edition on this...
Tsukasa: Hear that, Rui?! You won't have your way with me this year!
Tsukasa: For the sake of all the other rule-abiding students, your reign of terror must come to an end!
Rui: Sounds like we have another fun year ahead.
(Black cut)
