764_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 We're Classmates?! (event_108)

Gacha phrase: Whaaaaaaaaat?!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Nonogi Park]

Tsukasa: Okay, I believe we're all done stretching!
Emu: Yup♪
Tsukasa: Now then...! Ahem!
Tsukasa: Let's start our run! Also known as “Towards Tomorrow! Our Last Run Before The New School Year!”
Emu: Yeah☆
Rui & Nene: Yeah! Yeah...?
Tsukasa: Hm? What's wrong, Nene? You don't sound all that excited.
Emu: Are you getting hungry?
Nene: No, I had a decent breakfast this morning. That's not what's bugging me...
Nene: I mean, seriously... We're what, running into the world of tomorrow?
Tsukasa: Ah, you mean “Towards Tomorrow! Our Last Run Before The New School Year!”? Emu and I came up with that title while waiting for you two to arrive.
Emu: Hehe. Isn't it cool? It's like the subtitle for an anime♪
Rui: Hehe. Yes, it certainly sounds like something you see at the end of the first season.
Nene: I thought it sounded like the title for the last chapter of a canceled manga series...
Rui: In any case, I believe it's another way of saying this is a special day.
Tsukasa: Precisely!
Tsukasa: So, let's work up a good sweat in order to get ourselves in perfect shape for the opening ceremony!
Nene: I'm not sure what those things have to do with each other, but if it ends up being a good workout...
Tsukasa: Excellent! Then let's start running!
Rui, Emu & Nene: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Emu: That tree over there's our goal, right☆ I'm gonna finish first♪
Tsukasa: What?! Not so fast, Emu!
Rui: So much energy... Nene, we're almost there.
Nene: Huff... Huff... I-I'm okay!
Tsukasa: *Roar*
Emu: Ohhh no you don't!!!
Tsukasa: Aaarrrggghhh!!!
Tsukasa: Yes! I finished...!
Tsukasa: First...?!
Emu: Huh...?
Tsukasa: Waaaaaaah!!!
Emu: Oh noooooo!!! Tsukasa tumbled out of control!
Emu: Are you okay?!
Tsukasa: Whoa! I can't believe I did that...! What happened?! Why did I tumble out of control like that?!
Nene: Geez, we're the ones who can't believe you...! Are you sure you didn't get hurt at all?
Tsukasa: Hm? No, just a few cuts and scrapes.
Rui: Fortunately, you fell on the grass...
Rui: By the way, from what I could see, you tumbled so violently because your shoe broke apart and gave out underneath you.
Tsukasa: My shoe broke...?
Tsukasa: No, my right shoe...! It's gone missing!
Nene: Isn't that it over there? It's in two pieces since the sole got completely torn off...
Tsukasa: H-How could this have happened...?!
Tsukasa: We got all muddy while running through those puddles together.
Tsukasa: You were even there when we stepped in a dog's refuse while chasing the Robo-Phoenix around!
Tsukasa: I...! I've lost another valuable training partner!
Emu: Tsukasa...
Nene: Didn't you say basically the same thing when you broke that other shoe during one of our practices...?
Rui: Hehe. Stage props are one thing, but you seem to take great care of your belongings as well, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Of course I do.
Tsukasa: Those who don't take good care of their equipment have no hope of finding success.
Nene: You're not some professional athlete...
Tsukasa: *Sigh* But this is pretty bad. I have no choice but to buy a new pair.
Emu: Yeah...
Emu: Still, Tsukasa, I'm sure Mr. Shoe had a lot of fun running around with you.
Rui: Yes, I have a feeling that it couldn't have asked for a better ending.
Tsukasa: True...
Tsukasa: Alright! I'll just have to find another pair of running shoes that will work just as hard as my old one!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

KAITO (WxS): Welcome, everyone.
Miku (WxS): Yay! What brings you all here today?
Rui: We were hoping to practice here for a bit. Also...
Tsukasa: Hehehe...
Rin (WxS): What's going on, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Ah, there is something I must tell you all.
MEIKO (WxS): Oh, what's that?
Tsukasa: The thing is...
Tsukasa: Today, I'd like to present to you all my new running shoes!!!
Rin (WxS): New running shoes? You got a new pair?!
Tsukasa: Yes! Take a look!!!
Len (WxS): Whoa, they look really cool! And so shiny!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! I did just put them on before coming over here.
Miku (WxS): They do look really cool. And super fast☆
Emu: Yeah, I thought the same thing when he showed us!
Nene: I get that you wanna show them to everyone, but that's not why you're here, right...?
Tsukasa: Ah, of course!
Tsukasa: I'm wearing these today because I'd like for you all to step on them for me.
Len (WxS): What?! But your shiny shoes are gonna get all dirty!
Tsukasa: Yes, I'm doing this for my own good!
Rui: Brand-new shoes can cause the wearer to get injured if they're not broken in properly.
Rui: Stepping on his new shoes should help loosen up the material and make it easier for his feet to mold them.
KAITO (WxS): Yes, I've heard that people who play sports like basketball do that...
Nene: Put another way, you don't usually do this unless you play some kind of sport.
Emu: But this is like a little charm for not getting injured, right?!
Miku (WxS): Then, I wanna step on Tsukasa's shoes!
Rin (WxS): Me too, me too♪
Len (WxS): Me three!
Tsukasa: Then, why don't you all start lining up? Rui, all of you, be sure to join in as well!
Rui: Gladly!
Miku (WxS): Okay, I'll step on them... Now...!
Rin (WxS): My turn... Hiyah! Um, I hope that didn't hurt...
Tsukasa: Thank you, Miku, Rin! You both did a wonderful job!
Miku & Rin: Woohoo♪
Len (WxS): Alright, I'm next!
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. It's so funny how we're lining up to step on someone's shoes.
Rui: Yes, it's turned into quite the event.
Plushie A: Huh...? What are you guys all lined up for?
Emu: Oh, this is for...
(Black cut)
Luka (WxS): Hear my wish, and don't let Tsukasa get injured. There!
Tsukasa: Thank you, Luka!
Tsukasa: I'll be done once Rui and the others have had their turn.
Rui: Hehe. So, a funny thing happened while we were waiting in line.
Rui: Look at everyone behind us.
Tsukasa: Behind you? There should only be you three...
Tsukasa: Huh...?!
Plushie A: See? Doesn't this look like fun?
Plushie B: Yeah! Thanks for letting us know!
Plushie R: I've never done anything like this before. I hope I do okay.
Plushie S: I was worried about that too and asked someone ahead of me in the line. But Emu and the others said it was really easy!
Plushies: Hey, I heard everyone's stepping on someone's shoes!
Plushies: On someone's shoes? Is that supposed to be a new kind of game?
KAITO (WxS): Oh my...
MEIKO (WxS): Haha! This line's so long! It's like they're waiting to get on a really popular ride or something!
Miku (WxS): Wow! They must really love you, Tsukasa☆
Rui: Hehe. Stepping on someone's new pair of shoes must feel like quite a new experience to the plushies.
Tsukasa: Still, to think that they'd be this interested...!
Tsukasa: Nonetheless...this feels like a nice discovery!
Nene: A nice discovery?
Tsukasa: Yes! This may seem rather mundane to us, but to others, it's fun and interesting!
Tsukasa: It's a new way to make others smile!
KAITO (WxS): Yes, I see.
KAITO (WxS): Since you're all about to set out into the world...
KAITO (WxS): It'll be important to remember that even the slightest things can make others smile and laugh.
Tsukasa: Indeed!
(Black cut)
