791_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 A Small Friend With A Big Part (event_113)

Gacha phrase: Oh, yes... I remember that...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Diner]

Emu: Here's to a wonderhoy performance, everyone! Ch-Ch-Ch-Cheeers☆
Nene: *Nod* Cheers.
Tsukasa: I don't know about the rest of you, but I feel a lot more tired than usual...
Rui: Me too. Performing with a new group in a different place does seem to require a little extra energy...
Rui: Also, the play was a type of production we weren't used to, which may've also played a role.
Nene: Yeah, it left me mentally fatigued too.
Nene: And despite it being a tough play to put on, everyone in Shunmeiza didn't break a sweat and paid so much attention to detail.
Nene: They were so amazing.
Nene: I feel even more motivated to improve my acting skills now.
Emu: Ooh, Nene, you're all full of peas!
Nene: Don't you mean full of beans?
Rui: Hehe. In any case, this definitely ended up being a fruitful experience for us.
Tsukasa: I agree. However, that also comes with some setbacks.
Tsukasa: Ultimately, I wasn't able to fulfill my role as an actor on the day of the show.
Rui: Tsukasa...
Emu: But the director said he really liked your performance!
Tsukasa: No, stop... The truth is that I failed in my duties. I was shown plainly where I am as an actor right now.
Tsukasa: That being said, I'm not about to let that get me down!
Tsukasa: If anything, now that I know what I need to work on, I'm as motivated as ever about the future!
Emu: Hehe♪ You're back to being all fiery like usual!
Nene: He might actually be burning hotter than usual.
Rui: And we wouldn't have it any other way.
Tsukasa: However, before we take our next step...
Tsukasa: I need to thank all of you.
Tsukasa: I have a feeling that my performance today would've been dismal if I hadn't asked for your help.
Tsukasa: Because you were all so kind, I was able to play Nakayama the way I did.
Tsukasa: So, from the bottom of my heart... Thank you!
Nene: You just wanted to thank us...?
Nene: I mean... It's not like this is the first time we helped you figure out how to play a character.
Emu: Hehe. Plus, it was your hard work that paid off in the end, not ours.
Rui: She's right. All we did was provide you with a few ideas as to what Nakayama might be like as a person.
Rui: You're the one who solved the puzzle, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: All of you...
Emu: And brainstorming together was so much fun!
Emu: I really liked the super energetic Nakayama! I love how he's always smiling and has a booming voice!
Rui: Me too. I particularly like how he has a habit of driving his three-wheel truck through the front doors of his office. That would make for quite a fun character.
Nene: Didn't that one end with him drowning in debt because of his destructive nature...?
Tsukasa: Despite only having three lines, I thought I was going to lose my voice playing that version of him...
Rui: I also liked my gloomy version of Nakayama.
Tsukasa: That one involved him mumbling everything he says while hunched over in some dark corner of the office, no?
Rui: Because he secretly has the ability to see evil spirits... It ended with him quitting his job, venturing deep into the mountains and sacrificing himself in order to defeat the big boss spirit...
Emu: Whoa! He fights evil spirits! That's so brave of him!
Tsukasa: Why do all your versions of him involve these outlandish ideas...?
Rui: Well, I believe you need to be outlandish at times in order to become used to thinking outside the box.
Tsukasa: I suppose...
Tsukasa: (Still...)
Tsukasa: (I couldn't be more grateful about having friends like these who share my burdens.)
Tsukasa: (I can't help but feel blessed...)
Tsukasa: Oh, while I'm at it... I should go thank Bakuno one last time!
Tsukasa: Not only did he show me the benefits of coming up with a character's life story, he helped me come up with one for Nakayama after I asked him to so suddenly... His vast imagination ended up being the lifesaver I needed!
Rui: Yes, I agree. I think we should all thank him the next time we see him.
Emu: Okay!
Tsukasa: (Thanks to Bakuno, I have a slightly better understanding of what it means to really disappear into a role...)
Tsukasa: (If I can learn to master what I just learned... If I can learn to control it, then I should be able to grow even further as an actor.)
Tsukasa: (I still have a long road ahead of me until I reach stardom, but...)
Tsukasa: I'm going to take this experience and use it to propel myself to new heights!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma, MEIKO)

[Park Cafe]

Saki: Wow...! I didn't know about this cafe at all! The breeze out on the terrace feels so good!
Tsukasa: I agree! They've chosen a wonderful location! The perfect place for a pair of siblings to spend some quality time together!
Tsukasa: I couldn't be happier about us getting to go out today, Saki!
Saki: Hehe. It's been so long since we last had a nice relaxing time together!
Saki: Until just recently, you didn't come home until it was really late because of practice... You even kept practicing after you got back.
Tsukasa: Yes, because the play was just around the corner.
Saki: I know, but... Try not to push yourself too hard, okay? Mom, Dad and I were really worried!
Saki: Just the other day, I heard you shouting, “What kind of person is Nakayama?!” while you were in your room.
Tsukasa: What?! You heard me all the way from the living room...?!
Saki: Yeah!
Saki: But... We knew you were trying super duper hard, so we decided to leave you be after talking things over.
Tsukasa: I see... I'm sorry for causing you all to worry so much...
Saki: No, don't mind us! Again, just don't push yourself too hard!
Tsukasa: Yes... I'll be careful. Thank you.
Saki: Anyway, how did that play go? You were practicing so much for it.
Tsukasa: So... I still have a few things left to work on, but the show itself was a success.
Saki: It was...?! Congratulations!
Tsukasa: Thank you. ...
Saki: Hm? What's wrong?
Tsukasa: No, it's just... Some old memories came back.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (I was able to learn how to flesh out my character because of a memory from when we were little.)
Tsukasa: (That takes me back. Coming up with all those shows for Saki to make her smile while she was in the hospital...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): “We made it! We're finally on the monsters' island!”
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): “Alright, we're going to find that treasure no matter what!”
Little Saki (Saki): Yeah!
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Okay, we'll stop here for today! I hope you're looking forward to seeing what happens next time!
Little Saki (Saki): I am!
Little Saki (Saki): Hehe. Thanks for coming up with another really fun show, Tsukasa.
Little Saki (Saki): I'm so glad Bunny was able to make so many friends after starting out as such a crybaby! I can't wait to see what happens next!
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Then, I promise to make the next one even more amazing! So, Saki, stay tuned!
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): (She was all smiles again today. Alright, I need to start coming up with the next part right away!)
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): (The next scene is when they finally fight the monsters, so how should I do it...?)
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): (Bunny bravely going up against them face-to-face might be cool. Yeah, I'll go with that...!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Hmm... This still doesn't feel right. But why...?
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): (This scene should be really cool because of how Bunny triumphs over those monsters with his friends after getting strong...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Little Saki (Saki): I'm so glad Bunny was able to make so many friends after starting out as such a crybaby!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Oh...
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): (Right. Bunny isn't just cool. He started out as a cowardly crybaby... Then...)
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): (Those monsters should terrify him, shouldn't they?)
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): (What if he gets mad and fights the monsters after his friends get hurt by them?)
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): *Nod* That'd make way more sense for Bunny since he's so kind and loves his friends!
Little Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Alright, I'll keep going with that in mind!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (The story I made for Saki back then starring the bunny plushie ended up helping me a lot this time around.)
Tsukasa: (Everything I've experienced up until now can serve as a source of inspiration... Such is acting, I suppose.)
Saki: Tsukasa...? You've gone all quiet...
Tsukasa: Hm? Ah, sorry...
Tsukasa: I was just thinking about how much you're always helping me, Saki!
Saki: Huh?
Tsukasa: I still have a lot to learn as an actor... But this show definitely helped me grow.
Tsukasa: Watch, Saki, as I get closer and closer to achieving stardom!
Saki: I dunno what you're talking about, but it sounds like something I did ended up helping you...
Saki: Hehe. Which makes me really glad! Keep doing your best, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: I will!
(Black cut)
