857_Tsukasa Tenma_R3 Meat Gives You Energy! (event_119)

Gacha phrase: Let's eat up and keep doing our best this afternoon!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School - Courtyard]

Tsukasa: “Ah, there is nothing like flowers growing by the side of the road...”
Tsukasa: “These look like pansies. Their various colors, forms and aromas are wonderful.”
Tsukasa: “And what do we have here growing in this flower bed...?”
???: Huh? Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Hm?
Tsukasa: Oh, hello, everyone! Having lunch in the courtyard today?
Toya: Yes, since it's so nice out. We decided to have lunch in the courtyard while getting some drinks.
Toya: What were you doing just now, Tsukasa? It looked like you were talking to the flowers...
Tsukasa: Ah, that? I was just getting into character for my next role!
Mizuki: Your next role? For a show?
Tsukasa: No, not for a show.
Tsukasa: As it so happens, Wonderlands×Showtime is going to be in a feature film!
Mizuki: What?! A film?!
Toya: That's incredible news...! What's your character going to be like?
Tsukasa: Okay, get ready. I'll be playing...
Tsukasa: Young Man A, who squats while admiring flowers!!!
Mizuki: Young Man A? Admiring flowers...?
Akito: That sounds like...
Tsukasa: Correct! We're going to be extras!
Tsukasa: It may not be glamorous, but we nonetheless get to play people who live in this film's world.
Tsukasa: And I'm getting into character because I plan on being the most believable flower-admiring man I can be!
Toya: I see. As always, Tsukasa, I'm impressed by your work ethic. No matter the role, you're giving it everything you have.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah hah! Yes, thank you!
Akito: Giving it everything you have is fine and all... But to be honest, you looked more suspicious than usual just now...
Mizuki: Yeah... I mean, you were smiling while talking to those flowers... Everyone started backing away from you...
Toya: Still, you're practicing here at school. That's quite the dedication.
Tsukasa: Oh, so... There's a reason why I'm practicing here at school...
Mizuki: A reason?
Tsukasa: Yes... The thing is, when I was given this role, I went outside to look for some flowers to practice with...
Tsukasa: But every time I tried talking to some, the children in my neighborhood started giving me these strange looks...
Tsukasa: I decided that it wasn't right of me to make them feel uncomfortable.
Tsukasa: So, I'm practicing here at school where it shouldn't be a bother to anyone!
Toya: Yes, I see.
Akito: To be fair, you were still getting a lot of weird looks.
Tsukasa: However, after getting a chance to look at all these flowers...
Tsukasa: It's clear that the ones at school are much more robust than the ones in the park.
Mizuki: Robust?
Tsukasa: Yes. The flowers in the park are all very pretty, but the ones here at school...
Tsukasa: They seem much more vibrant for some reason.
Tsukasa: The leaves are this rich green color, and each petal seems to be brimming with life...
Tsukasa: What if these are the ones that Rui and the other members of the greening committee have been looking after?!
Toya: Oh, you may be right...!
Akito: I just hope they aren't using any funny fertilizers...
Mizuki: Haha... I mean, they seem pretty healthy, so there's probably nothing wrong with them... I hope...
Toya: However, I have heard that certain dangerous insects like to hide in flower beds. Please try to keep that in mind, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Ah, Toya, I appreciate the concern! However, there is no need for you to worry!
Tsukasa: Because... This bug spray here will keep me safe!
Toya: You've come prepared. My concerns were misplaced.
Tsukasa: No, your words still mean something.
Tsukasa: And having others watch gives me the motivation I need to succeed... I can't help but feel even more excited about being in this film!
Toya: I don't know much about filmmaking, but I wish you the best. You'll always have my support.
Mizuki: Yeah, make it a double! I wanna go see it when it releases♪
Tsukasa: Excellent. I'll let you all know when we hear about the release date. So, until then, stay tuned!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Beach]

Film Crew: That's all for this morning! We'll resume shooting after lunch!
Tsukasa: Understood!
Tsukasa: Phew... We managed to get through the morning in one piece.
Nene: Yeah, I got pretty worried when it started raining. I was sure we were gonna get delayed because of it...
Emu: But it cleared up really fast! And we get to have lunch pretty much right on time☆
Tsukasa: However, because it didn't go as planned yesterday, we'll be doing the airport scene again this afternoon...
Nene: Right... I hope things go better today...
Tsukasa: At this point, all we can do is place our faith in Mr. Ohara and Rui.
Tsukasa: And since we'll be switching locations... We need to somehow clean and pack everything up right after we finish having lunch.
Tsukasa: Which means we may want to do that first and then eat.
Film Crew: Hey, you guys, feel free to eat now! The rest of us will start cleaning and packing!
Nene: Wait, are you sure...?
Film Crew: Yeah, don't worry! Come help us once you've finished eating!
Tsukasa: Understood! Thank you!
Tsukasa: Well, if they're saying that it's okay... Then let's eat while we can.
Emu: Okay☆ I can't wait to see what's for lunch today♪
Tsukasa: Yes, me neither! And it's so nice how we get different choices each day.
Tsukasa: Nene, weren't you in charge of laying them out today?
Nene: Yeah, our choices today are...
Nene: Sandwiches, Salisbury steak, seasoned rice and... Oh, there was also a barbeque lunch.
Tsukasa: What?! Barbeque?! That sounds delicious!
Tsukasa: It's just what I need to recharge my batteries for our shoot this afternoon!
Emu: I might get the Salisbury steak♪ But I could really go for some sandwiches too...! Hmm... I can't choose!
Nene: Relax... You haven't even had a chance to look at them yet.
Tsukasa: While we're on the subject, is Rui remembering to get a lunch too? It's been quite a while since he went over to talk to Mr. Ohara...
Nene: Oh, I think that's him over by that tent. It looks like he and Mr. Ohara are still talking...
Emu: I actually just passed by there a second ago. You should've seen how wrinkled both their brows were...
Tsukasa: I see. Which likely means that scene's still giving them trouble...
Nene: To be fair, it is the climax.
Tsukasa: But he must be pretty hungry after moving around all morning. Why don't we personally deliver his lunch to him?
Emu: Okay!
(Black cut)
Emu: Wow☆ It always looks like we're having a feast!
Tsukasa: Yes, I was completely stunned when I first saw a tower of lunches stacked up like this, but it feels completely normal now.
Nene: Yeah, I couldn't believe it either.
Emu: Oh, Tsukasa! They have one barbeque lunch left!
Tsukasa: What?! Just one?! I must secure it...!
Emu: It says it's chock-full of meat! I bet you'll feel powered up after eating it☆
Tsukasa: Agreed! It's just what I need to keep working hard this aftern—
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsukasa: (Powered up, huh...?)
Nene: Is something wrong, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: No, um... If this lunch packs such a powerful punch...
Tsukasa: Then, I feel like it should go to Rui instead of me.
Nene: Yeah... His brain's gonna need fuel to come up with good ideas.
Emu: Right! This should help him do that, and I'm sure he's super duper hungry!
Tsukasa: Exactly. So, let's go give this to Rui.
Tsukasa: (Unfortunately, we can't do much to help with the scene in question...)
Tsukasa: (But we can at least show our support for our friend.)
Tsukasa: I'm worried for him as he works through this challenge...
Tsukasa: But he's still the director of Wonderlands×Showtime! So, we should give him all the support we can!
Emu: Yeah!
(Black cut)
