896_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Our Way Home

Gacha phrase: It's just a bit further. Can you keep going?

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Scramble Crossing]

Tsukasa: Today's practice was quite intriguing as well! In particular, I learned a lot from the improv exercise employing complex sets of emotions.
Emu: Yeah☆ And it was super fun how we got to draw lots to decide which emotions to put together♪
Nene: The rule saying you couldn't have the same interpretation as anyone with the same combination of emotions made it a really worthwhile exercise.
Rui: In that sense, it was also very telling of one's level of regular input and the breadth of one's repertoire.
Tsukasa: Oh, we've reached the station already.
Nene: Emu and I are gonna do some shopping after this, but what about you two?
Rui: I'll be going home to continue working on my latest drone.
Tsukasa: I'm going home as well, so I can get solo practice in. You two enjoy yourselves!
Emu: Yup☆ Okay, see ya tomorrow!
Tsukasa: Indeed, see you tomorrow!
Rui: Then, I'll be—
Tsukasa: Ah, Rui. Do you have a moment? I'd appreciate your advice on something.
Rui: My advice?
Tsukasa: Yes. There's something I've been trying out to achieve one of my personal goals, but it doesn't feel effective.
Rui: One of your goals... Do you mean the task you were given? “Think about the play as a whole while maintaining your fervent passion for acting”?
Tsukasa: Not that one... That is another important goal for me, but...
Tsukasa: I'm talking about the ability to come up with a story for my characters in order to deepen my understanding of them.
Tsukasa: That needs to be deliberately developed over a long time span.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Shunmeiza Director: Your acting has a way of tugging at your audience's heartstrings. You have the potential to become a great actor... That's my belief.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Shunmeiza Director: However, there's the other side of that coin.
Shunmeiza Director: It appears that, unless you have a part that involves dramatic emotional shifts, your acting becomes mediocre.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Reki: In order to remedy my loneliness, I started making up people for me to talk to.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Reki: I first thought it'd be good to talk to characters from stories, so I started with books...
Reki: From Sindbad to Alice, I talked to so many people...and even to some characters who weren't people.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Developing an imagination on par with Bakuno's, and considering the story of a person's life...
Tsukasa: As a first step, I've been trying to read novels with a more philosophical leaning than I'm used to...
Tsukasa: But my mind hasn't been able to properly process the characters and their vastly differing values and ways of seeing the world.
Tsukasa: And the depictions of characters' motivations feel quite nuanced and complex... As I'm reading, I find myself stopping to wonder why a character is acting a certain way.
Rui: Hm... First, understanding someone with differing values from yourself is difficult even in one's real life. I believe that will require a slow and steady approach.
Rui: As for the depictions of characters' motivations, I would chalk some of this up to you not being used to the genre, but...
Rui: I think you may be finding it hard to process all the extra information that comes with more realistic characters.
Tsukasa: Ah... That's a good point, since I've been thinking about each character's place in the world and their upbringing rather than focusing on what they're feeling in one particular scene.
Rui: How about attempting an in-depth test run on a story that's a little more simple?
Tsukasa: Something simple?
Rui: Yes. Something with plenty of space between each line and only the minimum level of description required, but with pictures included to make it easy to fill in the blanks with your imagination...
Rui: That is to say, a picture book.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukasa's Room]

Tsukasa: I believe I had it put away here...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rui: If you want to process vast amounts of information, you must first become adept at organizing it.
Rui: A picture book is not likely to include personalities as complex as a philosophical novel, so it should make for the perfect way to practice your processing.
Rui: As you just mentioned yourself, this is a long-term endeavor. I'm sure you'll find a method that works for you sooner or later...
Rui: So until then, try to tackle this with patience, discipline and attention to detail.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (It's just as Rui said. Rather than jumping to the advanced levels right off the bat, I must take one calculated step at a time.)
Tsukasa: And to that end... Ah, here it is!
Tsukasa: “Our Way Home”... I never imagined I'd be reading this again.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: It's quite nostalgic... The last time must have been when I read it to Saki back then.
Tsukasa: (The protagonist is a boy in elementary school who has a little sister.)
Tsukasa: (One of the girls in his grade lives next door, and the three of them were great friends...)
Tsukasa: (But then, the girl suddenly moves away to a neighboring town, leaving the younger sister quite depressed.)
Tsukasa: (In an attempt to help her feel better, the protagonist tries to draw up a map between their house and the girl's...)
Tsukasa: I always thought to myself, “Now this is what an older brother should be!”
Tsukasa: However, in the payoff moment when they manage to reach the girl's house, the protagonist is drawn with his back to the reader, and we barely see how he feels...
Tsukasa: The only hint is his younger sister's line, “Your face looks all weird!”
Tsukasa: Back when I read this to Saki, I did wonder to myself about what face he was making...
Tsukasa: And now may just be the time to find the answer!
Tsukasa: Right! First, I'll reread it in its entirety, then...
Tsukasa: Gah, what's going on?! My phone is flashing...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: Wait, now I'm in SEKAI!
Tsukasa: Untitled is... Hm, it says it's playing. Is this because of that strange light?
Tsukasa: My stars, why does this need to happen just when I was getting focused?
Tsukasa: At any rate, I need to hurry back and discover the true meaning of this “weird face”...
Tsukasa: Ah! This light!
Tsukasa: Here it is! So this ball must be the source of the glow!
Tsukasa: Could this also be responsible for bringing me here?
Tsukasa: No, I have to be overthinking... I'm sure it's just a prop the plushies forgot to put away.
Tsukasa: Oh well, I suppose I'll go return this first.
Tsukasa: What?! It's flashing again!
Tsukasa: Gah, it's so bright...!!!
(White cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku)

[???]

Tsukasa: Wh-What is this place...?
Tsukasa: Hahaha. Have I drifted off to dreamland yet again?
Tsukasa: Owowowowow!
Tsukasa: Th-This pain in my cheek... This is no dream!
Tsukasa: Actually, these streets are giving me déjà vu... Where have I seen them before?
Tsukasa: Hm?
Girl: Come on, hurry up!
Tsukasa: ..! Look out!
Girl: Wah...!
Tsukasa: Phew... You really shouldn't jump out into the street like that. You almost got hit by that bicycle.
Girl: I'm sorry...
Tsukasa: (This girl seems familiar...)
Tsukasa: (That's it! She reminds me of Megu, the younger sister from “Our Way Home”...!)
Boy: Megu!
Boy: I told you not to go off by yourself, didn't I? And you need to watch where you're going...
Megu: But you were taking so long.
Boy: Can you blame me? I had to draw up a map of our route so far.
Tsukasa: (If this girl is Megu, could the boy be...?)
Boy: Um, I apologize for my sister. She keeps getting ahead of me since she wants to hurry to our friend's house.
Tsukasa: No need, I'm glad she wasn't hurt.
Tsukasa: Is that friend's house close by?
Boy: Um... It's pretty far... I think. I know the address, but I'm not sure how to get there...
Tsukasa: (As I thought... He's Hiro, the protagonist of that picture book.)
Tsukasa: (I haven't the slightest as to how on earth I've been put in this situation...)
Tsukasa: (But if I am inside that book, joining them on their journey may allow me to see Hiro's hidden expression for myself.)
Tsukasa: You appear to be in a bind. In that case, I shall accompany you!
Hiro: Huh? B-But...
Tsukasa: I have a little sister as well, you see. I'd like to assist you in what you're doing for yours.
Hiro: You have a sister?
Tsukasa: Indeed. My sister's name is Saki, and she's just as cheerful and energetic as your sister!
Tsukasa: Let me help you, as a fellow older brother!
Hiro: You really don't mind?
Tsukasa: Not at all!
Hiro: Thank you...!
Tsukasa: (I said I would help, but if I do too much, it would probably interfere with the story...)
Tsukasa: (In the story, Hiro is able to reach his friend's new home under his own power...)
Tsukasa: (Then, I shall have faith as I watch over him, and only interfere when necessary!)
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: (I told myself I'd have faith, but...)
Hiro: ...
Megu: ...
Tsukasa: (They're both quite exhausted. Megu looks like she could drift off to sleep any moment.)
Tsukasa: (I suppose it's no surprise... We've been making wrong turns and backtracking over and over for about an hour.)
Megu: Hiro...
Hiro: Huh?
Megu: Up...
Tsukasa: (He's already given her a piggyback ride several times now, but...)
Hiro: ... Okay, sure. Get on, Megu.
Tsukasa: (Yes... That's just the kind of person you are.)
Tsukasa: (Up to this point, every wrong turn, every development, has gone according to the book.)
Tsukasa: (I'm sure that if this continues, I'll get to see that “weird face” I've wondered about...)
Hiro: Hup... H-Huh...?
Tsukasa: (He got her on his back, but it seems he no longer has the strength to stand back up.)
Tsukasa: (If I recall what happened in the book, he forces himself to stand regardless, then falls and hurts himself...)
Hiro: One more time...
Tsukasa: Hiro, I'll carry Megu.
Hiro: Oh, but...
Tsukasa: Leave this to me. I'm still full of energy!
Tsukasa: See, look at this! I'm so overflowing with energy, my legs just started dancing by themselves!
Tsukasa: Haaaaaaaaah!!!
Hiro: Whoa...!
Hiro: Hehe... Hahaha...! That's supposed to be a dance? You look so silly!
Tsukasa: I told you I want to help you, didn't I?
Tsukasa: So, leave Megu to me, and focus on finding your way.
Hiro: Okay...!
Tsukasa: (I'm sure he'll figure it out. He'll realize we're very close to our destination...)
Hiro: Um, Fu's new house is on 5th, so...
Hiro: Oh, look! That pole has a sign saying this is 5th! And the number after it is the same too!
Tsukasa: Ah, you're right! Well done, Hiro!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://sekai-assets-bdf29c81.seiunx.net/jp-assets/ondemand/scenario/background/bg_s000299/bg_s000299.png)
Tsukasa: It's just a bit further to Fu's house. Can you hang in there?
Hiro: Yeah!
Tsukasa: Great, then let's depart!
Tsukasa: (This was the right choice. I couldn't force him to keep that distressed look on his face any longer.)
Tsukasa: (Even if it means I can't see that “weird face”, I'll have no regrets.)
Tsukasa: (I'll stop thinking about all that and just make sure I get them reunited with their dear friend.)
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: I'm glad we made it.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Fu: Megu, Hiro! You really came to see me?!
Megu: Yeah! Hiro worked his hardest to find your house!
Hiro: ...
Megu: Huh? Hiro?
Hiro: ...
Megu: ...? Your face looks all weird!
Tsukasa: (I see... There was really no need to look.)
Tsukasa: You've done well, Hiro. In this moment, you're the coolest older brother in the world.
Tsukasa: So, save those tears for just a little longer. Your friend and your little sister are looking at you.
Hiro: *Sniffle* Yeah...!
Tsukasa: Good! Now, go forth with pride in your heart!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (A “weird face”, is it...)
Tsukasa: (Perhaps Megu was unfamiliar with that expression precisely because she's his little sister.)
Miku (WxS): Huuuh? It's Tsukasa☆
Miku (WxS): So were you the one visiting that fragment SEKAI?
Tsukasa: Fragment SEKAI? What is that?
Miku (WxS): Ummm, did you maybe pick up a round ball thingy?
Tsukasa: Ah, yes, I did! Though I seem to have lost it at some point...
Miku (WxS): I knew it! So, that's called a fragment of a feeling♪
Miku (WxS): I bet it got drawn here by your feelings that make up this SEKAI, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: A fragment of a feeling...
Miku (WxS): Yup☆ When you pick one up, it lets you get in touch with the feeling it came from!
Tsukasa: So, that means that place just now was another SEKAI formed from a fragment of a feeling...
Miku (WxS): But it turns back into a plain old fragment when enough time passes.
Tsukasa: So that's what happened...
Miku (WxS): Oh! Wait, was it a scary SEKAI or something?!
Tsukasa: No, not at all.
Tsukasa: In fact, I'm grateful for it! Because I went there, I was able to find the answer I was hoping for.
Miku (WxS): Really?! Hehehe, that's great then♪
(White cut)
