926_Tsukasa Tenma_RB Happy Birthday! 2025

Gacha phrase: I had no idea today would be this great.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Mizuki Akiyama)

[Kamiyama High School - Empty Classroom]

Tsukasa: So, my hall monitor friends! Let us give next week's dress code checks our utmost effort!
Tsukasa: We can right everyone's uniform wrongs and help create a virtuous environment here at Kamiyama High!
Hall Monitors: Agreed! Let's do our best!
Tsukasa: Ahem. That is all from future star and protector of our school environment, Tsukasa Tenma!
Tsukasa: I thank you all for joining me during your valuable lunch break. Please, everyone, go enjoy your lunches.
Hall Monitors: Thank you!
Tsukasa: (Yes, that was a fine speech, if I do say so myself. It appears everyone is more motivated to uphold the rules now.)
Tsukasa: (Having something to look forward to truly does put you in good shape! Today should be a good day!)
Hall Monitor A: You seem to be in a cheery mood, Tenma. Did something good happen?
Tsukasa: Not yet, but it's going to!
Tsukasa: You see, today is the day this future star was born! Tsukasa Tenma's birthday!
Hall Monitor A: Whoa! It's your birthday?!
Tsukasa: Indeed. And for a while now, my dearest sister has been enthusiastically planning my celebration.
Tsukasa: So, my heart has been dancing with anticipation all morning.
Hall Monitor A: It sounds like she cares for you very much. That should be something to look forward to.
Hall Monitor B: And hey, happy birthday!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! Thank you! I couldn't be happier to be receiving such warm wishes from my hall monitor colleagues.
Tsukasa: I would love to have a lively chat about the occasion, but shouldn't you all be heading off to lunch before the break ends?
Hall Monitor A: Oh, you're right. Thanks again, Tenma. We'll be off to lunch!
Hall Monitors: Thank you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Now then, I should be getting to lunch myself. The weather's nice today. Perhaps I should go outside to...
An: Oh! Perfect, Tenma, you're here!
Tsukasa: Hm...? Ah, Shiraishi. What do you mean by that?
An: Look! Over there, don't you see it?!
Tsukasa: Over there...?
Tsukasa: Hm? That ridiculously out-of-place object on the ground...
Tsukasa: Is that one of Rui's robots?
An: S-Sure is weird how it's just sitting there, isn't it? Pretty mysterious...
Tsukasa: I can't imagine Rui being so neglectful of a tool he uses in shows...
Tsukasa: But that's neither here nor there. I appreciate you letting me know, Shiraishi.
An: O-Of course...
Tsukasa: I'll get it off the ground and bring it to... Hm? It's moving?!
Tsukasa: H-Hey! Wait! Where are you going?! More importantly, don't run in the corridor!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rooftop]

Tsukasa: Grr... Where did it go? I saw it on its way to the roof...
Tsukasa: What?!
???: Happy birthday. Happy birthday!
Tsukasa: A-All of you...
Rui: Hehe. So... Can we call this surprise a huge success?
Nene: I told you. There was no chance Tsukasa wouldn't fall for this.
An: Nuh-uh, this was all because I brought him right here!
Akito: I'm impressed you can be proud of that awkward acting...
Mizuki: Hahaha, sorry, Tsukasa! This has all been our birthday surprise!
Toya: We apologize for startling you.
Tsukasa: Y-Yes, I never imagined... To think you all prepared this surprise just for me!
Tsukasa: Ahh, I couldn't be happier to be blessed with such wonderful friends! Thank you!
Nene: *Sigh* You're always so overdramatic.
Mizuki: C'mon, let's eat instead of just standing around talking. How's about we have a birthday luncheon?!
An: Sounds great! Let's grab our lunches and gather back here! You too, Tenma!
Tsukasa: Yes, I'll bring it right away! That said, nobody get any ideas about running in the corridor, understood?
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: What?! You were planning my surprise that far in advance?
Rui: Yes, at Aoyagi's request.
Toya: That's right. I was asking around a bit... I wondered what sort of gift would befit you.
Mizuki: And we figured, if we wanna celebrate, we should put a surprise together.
Akito: I don't remember ever agreeing to it, but at some point that was just the way things were going...
Tsukasa: Is that so...!
An: Hey, Toya, don't you think you should hand over his present right about now?
Toya: Ah, of course. Thank you all again for helping taste test.
Tsukasa: Taste test...? What did you make, Toya?
Toya: Here. I made these...
Tsukasa: Wow! These are cupcakes, if my eyes don't deceive me!
Toya: I recall you enjoyed them last time.
Toya: It's rather dull of me to make the same thing again, but I couldn't see any other treats coming out well.
Tsukasa: I'm sure you would've done just fine! And let me just say, these look even better than the ones you made before!
Tsukasa: They look quite extravagant, and I can tell you put a lot into them. They all look delicious!
Toya: It's thanks to everyone's advice. I particularly appreciated getting detailed input from Akito with regards to the flavor.
Akito: That was nothing. You asked what I thought, so I told you.
Tsukasa: You mean to say everyone put a lot of thought and care into these cupcakes... There are plenty to go around, so let's have them together in celebration!
An: Woohoo! Thank you very much!
Mizuki: I can't wait to have some of Toya's homemade treats♪
Rui: Oh, I know. Would you open your gift from me once we're finished eating?
Tsukasa: Ah, so you brought something as well, Rui!
Rui: I brought a new piece of stage equipment. I hope you'll like it.
Tsukasa: New...
Nene: Stage equipment...
Nene: Wait a second. I didn't hear anything about that gift.
Tsukasa: It had better not be one of your contraptions that explodes! An explosion is the last thing I need on my birthday!
Rui: Oh? I felt that something extravagant and memorable would be fitting for the occasion...
Tsukasa: So it is going to explode!!!
An, Toya & Mizuki: Hahaha! Hehe.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Ichika Hoshino, Saki Tenma, Honami Mochizuki, Shiho Hinomori, Minori Hanasato, Airi Momoi, Shizuku Hinomori, Kohane Azusawa, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Saki: Happy birthday, Tsukasa♪
Father & Mother: Happy birthday!
Tsukasa: Yes, thank you!
Saki: So, today... I made you a special dish!
Tsukasa: Ahh, I could tell you were preparing something, but to think it was food...!
Tsukasa: Getting to eat my dearest sister's home cooking on my birthday... I... I...!
Saki: Oh, Tsukasa. Don't start crying before I even bring it out!
Tsukasa: I-I apologize. I couldn't stop the emotions from welling up...!
Tsukasa: So, what is it that you've made?
Saki: Hehehe, well... Ta-daaa!
Tsukasa: Wh-What?! This is...!
Tsukasa: This aroma that tickles the nose and rouses the appetite...! The way the pork and onions give off this caramel brown glow...!
Tsukasa: This is ginger fried pork, is it not?!
Saki: Yup, your favorite!
Mother: Hehe. She's been getting practice in whenever you weren't around.
Father: And I've been giving lots of assistance as a taste tester.
Tsukasa: Wh?! You ate Saki's ginger fried pork before I could! That isn't fair, Dad!
Saki: Hehe. I think today's is my best yet, so get those hopes up♪
(Black cut)
Saki: Okay, Tsukasa, here you go!
Tsukasa: Thank you. Now then, I'll take a bite...!
Saki: H-How is it?
Tsukasa: Delicious! Far too delicious!
Tsukasa: Gaaah! The more I taste, the more tears come out! It would be no exaggeration to call this the world's best ginger fried pork!
Saki: Oh, Tsukasa. You're always so over-the-top.
Mother: Hehe. It's great that he's enjoying it.
Father: I think it's about time your mom and I had some of this world-class ginger fried pork too.
Saki: Yeah! Go on, eat up!
Saki: Oh, that reminds me! Hey, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Hm? What is it?
Saki: Well, I recorded some birthday messages for you! Wanna watch them, maybe once we're done eating?
Tsukasa: Ah, how exciting! Please show me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ichika: <Happy birthday, Tsukasa!>
Shiho & Honami: <Happy birthday!>
Ichika: <Saki's always telling us about how hard you're working to achieve your dream.>
Honami: <You've been visiting different troupes and training with them, yes?>
Shiho: <I remember hearing you were part of a film shoot a little bit ago.>
Honami: <I'm sure you'll face some difficulties, but with how sincere you are, I believe that you can make your dream come true.>
Ichika: <We'll be cheering you on in the hopes that you'll get closer to that goal this year.>
Saki's Voice (Saki): And that was your message from Ichi and the girls!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): I need to thank them later! I couldn't be happier to receive such heartfelt words.
Saki's Voice (Saki): I know, right? But... You still haven't seen the special guests!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Special guests?
(Black cut)
Emu: <Tsukasa! Happy wonderhoy birthday!>
Kohane: <W-Wonderhoy...!>
Emu: <You're just gonna keep leveling up from today on! I can't wait to watch you turn into a shinier and shinier star!>
Emu: <Let's keep bringing lots of energy and do our best☆>
Kohane: <U-Um... I'm always cheering for you all as your number one fan.>
Kohane: <It's a shame I can't see you perform for a while, but I'm looking forward to the day you return from your training even closer to achieving your dreams. P-Please do your best...!>
(Black cut)
Shizuku: <Oh, birthday messages are such a wonderful idea.>
Shizuku: <Are you watching, Tsukasa? Happy birthday.>
Minori: <Um, uhh, I hope you have a very happy birthday!>
Minori: <You helped me with dancing! And gave me a push when I was feeling nervous too!>
Minori: <You're always so helpful... Thank you so, so much!>
Airi: <Hold on, you two. You can't just say whatever comes to mind. We're making a video message, so we really should have more of a plan or something... Oh well, I guess this is fine.>
Airi: <Happy birthday, Tenma. I had a lot of fun sightseeing with you on the school trip.>
Airi: <Us idols and you the actor, we're all pursuing a dream! Let's give it our all, okay?>
(Background change)
Saki: And that was the last of the messages... Wait, Tsukasa, are you crying?!
Tsukasa: I'm sorry! Their messages were full of so much warmth that I feel hot water dripping from my eyes...!
Saki: Hahaha! I'll send you the video later, so watch it as many times as you want!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukasa's Room]

Tsukasa: I had a feeling this would be a good day, but I had no idea it would be this great.
Tsukasa: And it's all thanks to the people who gave me their birthday wishes. I need to formally express my gratitude...
???: <Tsukasa, Tsukasa!>
Tsukasa: Hm?
???: <Can you talk right now?>
Tsukasa: Ah, Miku, it's you. I can, but what brings you here?
Miku (WxS): <Hehe, so, I want you to come to SEKAI... Can you do that?>
Tsukasa: To SEKAI?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Miku (WxS): Everybody! Tsukasa's heeere!
Tsukasa: What? What's going on?
Emu: Everything's ready over here!
Tsukasa: Emu? Wait, Rui and Nene too? What are you all gathered here for?
Rui: Hehe. When something you're unaware of starts to unfold on your birthday, most people would call that a “surprise.”
Nene: Miku and the others want to celebrate your birthday. So, we've been helping them out.
Tsukasa: M-My stars...!
KAITO (WxS): So, today... This special birthday show is our gift to you.
MEIKO (WxS): We snuck lots of practice in for today, so enjoy to your heart's content!
Len (WxS): We've been itching to put on this show for you!
Rin (WxS): Okay, c'mon, sit! Our exciting show is about to start☆
Tsukasa: Everyone...
Tsukasa: Thank you! I'll fully indulge in this gesture you've all prepared!
Tsukasa: ... This really is a great day!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000310/bg_s000310.webp)
Saki: Happy birthday, Tsukasa!!!
Ichika: Saki's really happy about you liking her ginger fried pork. I can picture you savoring the flavor now.
Honami: She was still worried it might not turn out on the day of your birthday, so I was glad to hear that it went over well.
Shiho: We did tell her there's no chance you wouldn't like something she made, though.
Saki: But I wanted him to really think it was delicious! Don't worry, Tsukasa, I'll make it for you again another day!
Toya: Happy birthday. I'm happy that you enjoyed our surprise despite how much it startled you.
Mizuki: And it was fun all eating lunch together like that! The air has this fun energy to it whenever you're around, like we never run out of stuff to talk about!
Akito: Yeah, enough energy to earn us some stares from the group that came up later... Well, that sorta thing's not bad once in a while.
Kohane: So you all surprised Tsukasa for his birthday... That sounds so fun.
An: I heard you guys at Miya Girls recorded video messages! Hey, Kohane, what did yours say?
Kohane: Huh? Th-That's a secret. It's embarrassing to say.
Airi: Happy birthday, Tenma! It's good to know you liked your birthday messages!
Minori: *Sob* I don't think I had anything good to say since I was so nervous... Sh-Should I ask for a retake?!
Shizuku: Hehe. You did your very best to offer him your thanks, Minori. I'm sure that reached him.
Airi: Still, he and Saki must be close for her to collect video messages for him. That's so nice.
Shizuku: They've been that way ever since they were little. I hope you'll always be such a kind and cheerful brother for Saki, Tsukasa.
Mafuyu: Happy birthday, Tenma. Otori was very excited about planning a surprise for that evening, so I'm sure you had a fun day.
Mafuyu: I wish you a good year ahead as well.
Emu: Tsukasaaa! Happy birthday...wonderhoy♪
Rui: It's such a shame I didn't get to test out my new special effects before the lunch break ended. I was sure they would be to your liking...
Nene: Maybe you didn't get to test it on his birthday, but you're still going to one of these days, right?
Rui: Of course. This is something very special I devised just to help our troupe leader shine.
Nene: Shining sounds fine... I just hope it doesn't involve explosions.
Emu: Hehehe, I can't wait to see sparkly Tsukasa☆ Let's keep bringing more joy as Wonderlands×Showtime! We'll be counting on you, Tsukasa!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Everyone! Thank you for celebrating my birthday with me!
Tsukasa: This soaring pegasus will shine ever brighter for the blessings he's received!
Tsukasa: And with this light you've given me, I promise to make your smiles even more vibrant!
Tsukasa: Wonderlands×Showtime and Tsukasa Tenma, future star! Please keep an eye on where we go from here!
(Black cut)
