928_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Sprinting For Stardom! (event_131)

Gacha phrase: Haaah! I'll keep this up to the end...!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Nonogi Park]

Tsukasa: *Roar*
Kijima: Hey, that's pretty fast!
Kijima: But pulling tires isn't just about trying to run as fast as you possibly can. This is about using every muscle you can as well as strengthening them.
Kijima: So, focus on your form! Think about how you're going to propel yourself forward and remember what you do!
Kijima: Use your body the right way!
Emu: Okay!
Rui: Huff... Huff...! This is...
Nene: R-Rough... M-My legs... I can't move them...
Tsukasa: (Pulling these tires... Even just one feels incredibly heavy...! I'm struggling to move forward...!)
Kijima: Alright, just six more laps!
Everyone: Okay!
(Black cut)

[Several dozen minutes later]

Tsukasa: Huff... Huff...
Kijima: Good job, everyone. You made it through.
Nene: Thank you...
Rui: This certainly seems like a good way to put on more muscle...
Kijima: However, as I mentioned earlier, all of you became so caught up in pulling the tires that you forgot what this exercise was actually about...
Kijima: The goal is not to pull as fast as you can, but to figure out the best way to use your muscles.
Kijima: The next time you find yourself doing some heavy lifting like this, don't hesitate to take it slow. Understand how your body is reacting and how to make use of your center of gravity.
Kijima: For example, just during this exercise, did you notice how much easier it was for you to produce power when you got down low?
Tsukasa: Yes... I got that sense partway through.
Tsukasa: (I didn't realize what I was actually doing at first, but my body just seemed to naturally bend lower and lower...)
Tsukasa: (If exercises like these will help me learn how to control all the muscles in my body, then...!)
Tsukasa: Mr. Kijima!
Tsukasa: I'd like to do another set with those tires! This time, I'd like to try pulling more!
Emu: What?! Are you sure, Tsukasa?!
Kijima: Another set?
Tsukasa: Yes!
Tsukasa: I want to become a star...
Tsukasa: And in order to make that dream come true, I'd like to do absolutely everything I can right now!
Kijima: Hmm...
Kijima: You want to become stronger in order to achieve your goals. I know that feeling all too well.
Kijima: That being said, trying to pull more tires than you can handle may lead to you hurting your legs and posture. I really wouldn't recommend doing this...
Kijima: Still... If you're that determined to do another set, then I'll allow it!
Tsukasa: ...! Does that mean...?
Kijima: Let's do another set right now! Start with one lap and try working your way up to three if you're feeling good. How does that sound?
Tsukasa: Thank you very much... I really appreciate it!
Kijima: Alright, start! You chase after me as I run!
Tsukasa: (Hnng...! So heavy! But it is just that much more weight...!)
Tsukasa: (Obviously, I'm absolutely struggling to move my legs...!)
Tsukasa: (No, calm down...! He just told you that going fast doesn't matter!)
Tsukasa: (Think about your entire body. Think about what muscles you need to use in order to move forward. Then, go!)
Tsukasa: (Wait, if I lower my center of gravity too much, then I'm going to end up in a funny stance...)
Tsukasa: (Mr. Kijima isn't actually leaning forward all that much... Is he making it so he can keep his legs vertical despite all this weight? I'll try copying him...!)
Tsukasa: (Oh, this makes things much easier... I feel like I can sort of run now. Alright, I'll keep going and...!)
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: (That's one lap!)
Kijima: Oh, you're really getting the hang of this. Alright, Tenma, give me two more laps! Don't give up!
Tsukasa: Okay! I can keep going...!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Rui: Nice work, Tsukasa.
Emu: That was amazing! You actually finished!
Tsukasa: Yes, well... This is nothing for a future star such as myself... Huff... Huff...
Tsukasa: (I finished, but now I can't get up...)
Kijima: That was good. I admire your guts.
Tsukasa: Thank you...
Kijima: However, I need to take this opportunity to say something that an actor such as yourself needs to hear...
Kijima: I know that you want to keep growing no matter what, but training harder and doing more reps or sets isn't always the answer.
Kijima: You're a hardworking person, which means you need to know what your body's limits are!
Tsukasa: Yes, you're absolutely right... Getting hurt is the opposite of what I want...
Kijima: Exactly. But having the guts to really go for it is also important. Your passion is the fuel you need to keep growing.
Tsukasa: ...!
Kijima: So, let's keep growing together and find ways to cleverly use those guts!
Tsukasa: Yes, let's!!!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 3-C]

Tsukasa: What...? “Subscribe to the Jidaigeki Channel. Free first month!”...?
Tsukasa: Wait, this is an incredible deal...! It has over a thousand different episodes available!
Rui: Hm? Tsukasa? You seem awfully happy about something.
Tsukasa: Ah, Rui. I just saw this offer for the Jidaigeki Channel and was wondering if I should subscribe.
Rui: A channel for historical dramas...?
Tsukasa: Yes! A few Mikazukigumi members gave me some recommendations.
Tsukasa: Since we'll be working with them for a while, I thought I should learn what I can in my spare time.
Rui: I see. So, what has your impression been?
Tsukasa: When I took some time to watch, I found them quite interesting.
Tsukasa: In particular, the director's cut version of Komiya's Chushingura! The villainous portrayal of Kira Kozukenosuke left me stunned...
Tsukasa: Also, “The Phantom Assassin” series. I remember being so enthralled by the way the protagonist defeated all those enemies at once! Especially the battle in the fog during the last episode!
Rui: Yes, that one's very famous. Throughout its ten-year run, they made it so each season had a unique style to it. But the overall theme of the hero working in the shadows to defeat evil never changed...
Tsukasa: Oh, Rui, you're familiar with it?!
Rui: Hehe. A little. I went through a phase of watching historical dramas to see how they were made.
Rui: Actually, Tsukasa, I'm guessing you enjoyed the fourth season quite a lot since it has such a satisfying arc.
Tsukasa: Hm?
Rui: The hero's life as a ringleader of thieves came to a screeching halt as he became mixed up in a series of incidents. Ultimately, he starts fighting the evildoers behind them.
Rui: Also, despite being a thief, he's a leader who cares about his comrades and has the charisma to match. A hero who has the respect of both his allies and enemies.
Rui: Am I right in saying that you've thought about what it'd be like to play him?
Tsukasa: Yes, that's right! How did you know?
Rui: It seemed natural. An honest thief who can't lie. A lovable criminal. That seemed right up your alley, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Yes, those very qualities are why I found this character so appealing! How can it not be fun to play him?
Tsukasa: While we're on the subject, I have to ask...
Tsukasa: The battle in the fog at the end... If you were the director, Rui, I'm guessing you would've wanted to use a snow machine.
Tsukasa: On top of the fog greatly reducing visibility, the hero would have to deal with the cold while fighting off countless enemies. That's the kind of scene I feel you'd make it...
Rui: Yes, that's not a bad idea.
Tsukasa: Hah, I knew it!
Tsukasa: That being said, the Rui Kamishiro I know would easily come up with something more spectacular than what I just said!
Rui: Huh?
Tsukasa: You always come up with ideas that I never expect, no?
Rui: Thank you. I appreciate the compliment.
Rui: But you're also always exceeding my expectations with your performances, Tsukasa.
Rui: Actually, not just you. Emu and Nene as well.
Tsukasa: I agree. I believe Emu gave us a particularly big surprise as Ushiwakamaru this time around.
Tsukasa: Oh, speaking of her, that reminds me...
Tsukasa: I feel that she'd be the perfect person to play the enemy who appears during the middle of the fourth season of “The Phantom Assassin”!
Rui: The happy-go-lucky sword master who was working as a mercenary?
Rui: Yes, given Emu's innocent nature, she'd probably do a good job of capturing that character's enigmatic personality.
Tsukasa: See what I mean?!
Rui: Which means Nene would play the protagonist's assistant, yes?
Tsukasa: Yes, I agree! She's clumsy in an endearing way, which I think makes her a good character.
Tsukasa: And she undergoes a nice transformation. She starts out quiet, but slowly starts to help him after he saves her.
Tsukasa: She's athletic and is the perfect partner when a big fight breaks out.
Rui: We've become much more agile after we started training with Mikazukigumi, so I'm sure she'd do well when she and the protagonist fight alongside each other.
Tsukasa: Yes, we've all become much better at performing fight scenes thanks to them...
Tsukasa: So, we could conceivably put on our own little historical drama someday!
Rui: Yes, we could... We should invite KAITO and the others when we do.
Tsukasa: Oh, doing it in SEKAI's an excellent idea!
Tsukasa: But things may become a bit chaotic...
Tsukasa: Oh, speaking of chaotic, that one series is also very good! “The Swift-footed Shinsengumi.”
Rui: Oh, you've seen that as well? It's quite an obscure series...
Tsukasa: It was made by the same director as “The Phantom Assassin”, so I felt that I needed to watch it!
Rui: But I'm somewhat doubtful that it helped in terms of learning more about the genre. I mean, most of the early episodes are full of jokes and comedy.
Tsukasa: True... I definitely wasn't expecting them to travel through time and find themselves in a school setting. I mean, they really tested the viewer's limits...!
Tsukasa: But it grew on me as I watched. Actually, I thought it was very good overall.
Tsukasa: Oh, did you see that one movie where the heroes from the Phantom Assassin series join together in a grand battle...?
Rui: Yes, that was incredible. They did an excellent job including the best aspects of each season. Not only that...
(Black cut)
