956_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 A Moment All Its Own (event_136)

Gacha phrase: Delicious! This rice ball is delicious!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Mikazukigumi Practice Area]

Tsukasa: *Sigh* I'm starting to get nervous...
Nene: Me too...
Rui: Hehe. I think that's only natural.
Rui: How we do during these auditions today and tomorrow determines which roles we get to play for “Ginnosuke's on the Case!”
Emu: Let's all do our best!
Mikazukigumi Director: Alright, leader, you're up next.
Kijima: Okay, thank you.
Tsukasa: This tension in the air... It's really starting to feel like an audition.
Nene: Yeah, and Mr. Kijima seems a little different from his usual self.
Tsukasa: Yes, since whether or not he gets the lead depends on this. Even he can't let his guard down...
Tsukasa: (I also need to stay acutely focused...)
Tsukasa: (Because I want to play the protagonist! I want to be Ginnosuke!)
Kijima: “Come, Heihachi!”
Kijima: “Now is our chance to show off our skills!”
Tsukasa: (Mr. Kijima's sword fighting skills really are something else.)
Tsukasa: (Be it when he parries attacks or goes to strike his opponent, he moves with so much precision. But there's also a degree of artistry.)
Tsukasa: (Ginnosuke's the most famous constable in all of ancient Tokyo, which means the person playing him needs to give off that sort of aura and have the skills to match...)
Tsukasa: (Mr. Kijima's playing a character who's cool, collected and fearless. He honestly seems like the best person for this role...!)
Tsukasa: (Will my portrayal of Ginnosuke be better than Mr. Kijima's...?)
Mikazukigumi Director: Next, Tenma!
Tsukasa: Ready!
Tsukasa: (No, don't think! Just play your character as best you can!)
Tsukasa: (My goal is to become a star...! I will put on a better performance than Mr. Kijima!!!)
Rui: Tsukasa seems very motivated...
Emu: Yeah... Break a leg, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: “You had Chusuke steal your pot in order to have your upstanding superior framed. And for quite some time now, you've been using these methods to get rid of anyone you see as a nuisance...!”
Tsukasa: “Bring it on! I feel like I can beat anyone right now!”
(Black cut)
Mikazukigumi Director: Okay, as for who will be playing Ginnosuke...
Tsukasa: (I did my absolute best. I gave this audition everything I had.)
Tsukasa: (So, all I can do now is hope for some good news...!)
Mikazukigumi Director: Ginnosuke will be played by...
Mikazukigumi Director: Daigo Kijima!
Kijima: Yes, thank you!
Tsukasa: (I lost...)
Tsukasa: (I gave it my absolute best. It just wasn't enough...)
Tsukasa: (Mr. Kijima's portrayal of Ginnosuke was beyond incredible.)
Tsukasa: (Especially during those sword fights. Even when he was taking up a stance, his presence was overwhelming. I was nowhere near that level...)
Tsukasa: (He really is something else.)
Mikazukigumi Director: Tenma.
Tsukasa: Huh...?
Tsukasa: Y-Yes?! How can I help?!
Kijima: Sorry if we caught you by surprise. See, the two of us had a little chat after seeing your performance...
Kijima: If you'd like, why don't you try auditioning for the role of Heihachi tomorrow?
Tsukasa: H-Heihachi...?!
Mikazukigumi Director: Yes. Heihachi is Ginnosuke's right-hand man... The way he fervently strives to become Ginnosuke makes him a wonderful character.
Mikazukigumi Director: That determination also drives him to see cases through until the very end. He's quite a strong fellow...
Mikazukigumi Director: After seeing your acting and dynamic sword fighting, I thought you'd make the perfect Heihachi.
Kijima: Yeah, I felt the same way.
Kijima: I want to see you play him. Would you be willing to give it a try?
Tsukasa: Me playing Heihachi...?
Tsukasa: (Heihachi's another important role... This is bound to be just as tough a challenge as auditioning for the lead.)
Tsukasa: (But if they're both willing to ask me to try...)
Tsukasa: (Then I have no choice but to accept!)
Tsukasa: Okay...!!!
Tsukasa: I, Tsukasa Tenma, promise to do my absolute best during tomorrow's audition!!!
Kijima: Great! We'll be looking forward to it!!!
Rui: Hehe. In that case, Tsukasa, I'll help you with your training.
Nene: It'll be good practice for us too.
Emu: Yeah! Let's do our best together, Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: Ah, much appreciated! No matter what...!
Tsukasa: I'm going to land the role of Heihachi!!!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: An Shiraishi, Akito Shinonome, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Morning]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 3-C]

Tsukasa: Good morning!
Tsukasa: Phew... Five minutes before classes start. I made it!
Rui: Oh, Tsukasa, good morning. It's not like you to cut it so close.
Tsukasa: Ah, it's because I forgot to set my alarm. I ended up waking up thirty minutes late as a result.
Tsukasa: However! I was able to make it in time by sprinting over at full speed!
Tsukasa: All thanks to the training I did with Mr. Kijima to play Heihachi properly! Hah hah hah!
Rui: Hehe. I'm impressed. You're still as agile as when you caught Chusuke.
Tsukasa: Heh. I could climb up the wall and come in through that window if it came down to it!
Rui: Oh, are you sure a hall monitor should be doing something like that?
Tsukasa: N-No, I was just giving an example! A hall monitor would never do anything like that!
Teacher: Hey, everyone, we're assembling in the gym!
Rui: Ah, it's time for us to hear another one of the principal's extended speeches following a long holiday.
Tsukasa: Alright, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ten minutes later]

[Gym]

Principal: To conclude, I hope that you'll all be mindful of your health.
Tsukasa: (Hmm... This speech was shorter than normal.)
Tsukasa: (But this seems like a good length. The longer his speech, the more likely it is that some students will start fooling around and have to be warned to stop.)
Principal: Next, I'd like to take this time to present a few commendations.
Tsukasa: (Hm? Commendations? That's rare... Did one of the clubs achieve good results or something?)
Principal: Please come join me on stage after I call your name and class.
Principal: Class 3-C, Rui Kamishiro and Tsukasa Tenma. Class 2-A, Nene Kusanagi.
Tsukasa: (Us?! Why...?!)
Principal: The school received a letter of thanks from the Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park naming the three of you. Please come to the stage.
Tsukasa: The park sent a letter...? Oh, I see. Now I understand!
Rui: Hehe. This is a nice surprise. Let's start heading up, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Yes, let's go!
Principal: “For assisting with the investigation into the thefts which took place at Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park, pursuing the perpetrator alongside the members of Mikazukigumi...”
Principal: “...and contributing greatly towards the resolution of the matter, we would like to formally recognize your valor and courage. On behalf of the park staff, you have our deepest thanks.”
Nene: U-Uhh... Th-Thank you very much...
Rui: Thank you very much. We humbly accept.
Tsukasa: Thank you very much!!!
Nene: T-Too loud...
Rui: Hehe. He's certainly excited. That was probably audible from outside the gym.
Tsukasa: Thank you all very much! Thank you!!!
Tsukasa: Please be careful not to have your things stolen, everyone! Promise me that!
Nene: Again, you're being way too loud...
Rui: Also, we should probably step down from the stage.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Lunch break]

(Place: Class 3-C)
Rui: I wasn't expecting to receive a commendation for what we did.
Tsukasa: Honestly, me neither. That took me by complete surprise.
Tsukasa: Still, it is nice to be recognized in such a manner...
Tsukasa: I feel more motivated than ever before!
Rui: More motivated...?
Tsukasa: Yes. As both the one who caught that thief and a hall monitor, I feel even more compelled to help keep Kamiyama High School safe.
Rui: Ah, now I see. I'm glad that our school has such a good hall monitor in its employ.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! I am good at my job, no?!
Tsukasa: Between my training with Mr. Kijima and all the time I spent chasing Chusuke, I doubt anyone at this school will be able to escape me...
???: ...neee...!
Tsukasa: Hm? That voice...
Emu's Voice (Emu): Neneee!!!
Emu's Voice (Emu): Oh, there she is! Over here, Nene!
Tsukasa: What?! You snuck in again?! That's it...
Tsukasa: Emuuu!!!
Rui: Oh dear... Tsukasa's going to have his hands full for quite a while it seems.
Emu's Voice (Emu): Huh?! Tsukasa?! Good wonder...
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): No, don't good wonderhoy me!
Tsukasa's Voice (Tsukasa): Stop! Quit running!
(Black cut)
