995_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Training With A Buddy! (event_142)

Gacha phrase: Hng! Hng! Hnnng!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Tsukasa: Huff! Huff! Huff!
Saki: Huh? He was here a second ago... Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Ah, I'm over here!
Saki: Whoa, what the?! Why are you face down on the floor like that?
Tsukasa: Can't you tell? I'm doing push-ups!
Saki: Umm... Push-ups? For what?
Saki: Wait a second! Did you actually sign up to compete in Shinobi Battle?!
Tsukasa: Yes! As I mentioned, with Kiritani and Akito!
Saki: I knew it! That explains why you've been training so hard!
Saki: Good luck, Tsukasa!
Saki: I promise to rush over so that I can cheer you guys on if I have time after my meeting!
Tsukasa: Thanks, Saki! But it's a very important meeting for work, no? You should be focusing all your attention on that.
Saki: I know! I am a pro now after all!
Tsukasa: *Nod*
Tsukasa: Oh, Saki, are you free right now? I'd like for you to add some extra weight by pressing down on my back a little.
Saki: Sure, but how hard? I probably shouldn't sit on your back, right?
Tsukasa: Right... Then, try pressing down using your hands.
Saki: Okay! Umm... How's this?
Tsukasa: Ah, that's perfect! I'll get started now!
Tsukasa: Hmph! Hmph! Hmph!
Saki: Wow, you're so cool! You're doing great, Tsukasa!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Kamiyama High School - Class 3-C]

Rui: Interesting. Shinonome's one thing, but Haruka Kiritani? You managed to put together quite a team for this event.
Tsukasa: Yes, and I can't thank her enough. I put her in a difficult position, knowing that she's an idol.
Rui: So, have you already decided who is going to be doing what? I'm particularly interested in the water spider obstacle.
Tsukasa: That's a part of the second stage, which we've assigned to Akito.
Rui: Ah, Shinonome. He seems like the right choice, with his core strength and sense of balance.
Rui: Still, it's interesting how they decided to go with such an old-fashioned interpretation of the “water spider” device.
Tsukasa: Hm? Old-fashioned? Didn't ninjas use those special shoes to walk across the water, just like the obstacle?
Rui: Ah, so you haven't heard that one theory.
Tsukasa: Theory...?
Rui: The common interpretation is that ninjas used “water spider” floats to move just like water striders, yes.
Rui: But one theory suggests that they didn't attach the floats to their feet at all. Interesting, no?
Tsukasa: What?! Where did they put the floats, if not on their feet?
Rui: On their bodies. Either by wearing something like an inner tube, or by sitting on a plank of wood in the center.
Tsukasa: Slow down. Doesn't that mean submerging half your body?!
Rui: Yes, the theory I read spoke of propelling yourself using your feet, while only your upper body remained above the surface.
Tsukasa: Th-That's quite a revelation... I honestly had no idea...
Rui: Originally, people claimed that it would've been physically impossible for the traditional water spider to provide enough buoyancy to cross the water while standing.
Rui: If anything, it only makes sense someone arrived on a more practical conclusion.
Rui: However, it isn't wrong to believe that they also used these floats on their feet.
Rui: For example, when crossing a swamp, they could have been used to disperse your weight in order to keep your feet from sinking.
Rui: I have a feeling that they were used in different ways depending on the situation.
Tsukasa: Y-Yes, I see...
Tsukasa: I wasn't expecting to hear a theory that completely overturned my understanding of this subject! Again, I honestly had no idea!
Rui: Yes, there was a brief period when this theory was on everyone's minds, but it faded into the annals of history not long after, without much impact at all.
Rui: Perhaps it didn't find much purchase because, like you just said, Tsukasa... people didn't want their understanding of water spiders, or rather, their beliefs regarding ninjas to be shattered.
Tsukasa: What do you mean?
Rui: To keep that dream alive.
Rui: A ninja running across the water like a real water spider is much cooler than the theory, no?
Tsukasa: Yes, true...
Tsukasa: It may be physically impossible, but it's easy to think that perhaps ninjas could have still managed it.
Rui: Also, Miku and the others have been working very hard to become ninjas after you told them that you'd be competing in Shinobi Battle.
Rui: I'll actually be taking over some things that will allow them to experience being water spiders.
Tsukasa: What?! Like the ones they had back then?!
Rui: Oh, not exactly. Mine are going to be simple imitations that use modern materials.
Tsukasa: Still, that's incredible! When will they be done?
Rui: I have to order quite a lot of things, so even if I did put a rush on them, I probably won't finish making them until after Shinobi Battle.
Rui: Which is a shame, since your team could've used them to practice...
Tsukasa: Not a problem. Our training will more than make up for that!
Tsukasa: But I'd like to try what you make once you're done with them!
Rui: Yes, of course.
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Akito Shinonome, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Kamiyama High School]

Tsukasa: Hm? That looks like...
Tsukasa: Akito!! Good morning!!
Akito: Whoa! Only one person shouts like that...
Akito: Why'd you shout at me from all the way down the corridor...?
Tsukasa: Hm? I decided to greet you after we'd made eye contact, is all.
Akito: People don't normally greet each other from that far away!
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! The training we did has given me the power to project my voice even further!
Tsukasa: Now I can greet others even if they're a good distance away! A useful skill for a hall monitor, wouldn't you say?
Akito: Wait, is it really okay for a hall monitor to be shouting in the corridor like this?
Akito: *Sigh* Anyway, if you don't need anything else from me, I'll be going to my classroom now.
Tsukasa: No, wait. I do have some fun news to tell you!
Tsukasa: The thing is, Rui made it so that a few friends and I could try water spiders for ourselves!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
KAITO (WxS): The area beyond this buoy is very deep, so it's off limits, everyone.
Emu, Len, Rin & Miku: Okay! Okay♪
Nene: I still can't believe you actually made these. What are these? Inner tubes? And these look like sandals attached to plywood...
Rui: Yes, I glued those together, and I secured the boards to the center of each inner tube.
Rui: It's a simple design, but these are fairly close to what was used for traditional ninja water spiders.
Tsukasa: Yes, these do look very similar to the ones Akito had to use.
Emu: Tsukasa, you guys! Let's go on the water already!
Rin, Miku & Len: <Yeah!>
Nene: You guys already put them on?
Tsukasa: All of you, wait! We need to stretch before going in the water!
(Black cut)
Nene: Nooo! H-How do I stop my legs from spreading apart?!
Rui: Flex your inner thigh muscles! Then, use the pole to support yourself, while lowering your center of gravity.
Nene: There's no way I can...! Eep!
Luka (WxS): Oh, Nene flipped over.
MEIKO (WxS): Sounds like a job for the lifeguard! I'll be right there to help, Nene!
(Black cut)
Rin (WxS): This is so cool☆ I'm getting a little support, but I can stand now♪
KAITO (WxS): Your inner tubes must be providing just enough buoyancy.
Len (WxS): You also got it to work, Rin?! Tsukasa helped me get me floating!
Rin (WxS): Hehe. Then, let's have a race♪ The first one to get to the buoy wins!
Len (WxS): Alright, you're on!
Tsukasa: Then, we'll let go after we give you the signal to start. Are you both ready?
Rin & Len: Ready!
KAITO (WxS): Here we go. Ready... Start!
Rin (WxS): Let's go!
Len (WxS): Forward!
Tsukasa: Wow, they're both off to a good start!
KAITO (WxS): This should be a fine race.
Rin & Len: Uh oh...
Nene: Th-They fell in...
Tsukasa: Rin! Len! Are you okay?!
(Black cut)
Rui: Hmm... They just barely managed to stand, so it makes sense moving forward would be difficult.
Rui: Huh?
Nene: Look! Those two are standing all on their own...
Rin (WxS): Wow! And I think they're trying to have a race just like us!
Len (WxS): Yeah! It looks like Miku and Emu are gonna...!
Tsukasa: Can they reach it...?!
Emu: Let's go, Miku! Nin-Nin-Ninja!
Emu & Miku: Gooooooo!!
Emu: Poweeeeeer!
Miku (WxS): Speeeeeeed!
Tsukasa: Whoa, look how fast they're moving their feet! Could they possibly...
Rui: No, they're not moving forward... If anything, they appear to be sinking.
Emu: Glub... Glub...
Nene: Hey, Emu! Are you okay?!
Rin (WxS): Miku sank too!
Luka (WxS): Don't worry, someone will be right over to rescue you two. And by someone I mean MEIKO.
MEIKO (WxS): Leave it to me! Let's go, lifeguard♪
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Anyway, my friends and I tried to do what you did, but it ended up being a perilous task.
Tsukasa: Just standing was hard enough. To think that you were able to reach the other side, even after one of your foot straps broke.
Tsukasa: After experiencing it for myself, I now have a much greater appreciation for what you accomplished! I tip my hat to you!
Akito: Thank you? You showered me with praise after the race.
Akito: I mean, I think I was only able to do that because of Kiritani's training plan.
Tsukasa: Yes, I too feel that I was able to survive my stage for the same reason!
Tsukasa: Her plans would've made even pro athletes shudder. They really were something else.
Tsukasa: She'd be more than welcome to become the trainer for Wonderlands×Showtime! 
Akito: Wait, what kind of shows are you planning to put on over there, anyway?
(Black cut)
