1032_Tsukasa Tenma_R2 Souvenir Excitement (event_148)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma)

[The day before the trip]

[Shopping Mall]

Tsukasa: Heh heh heh... This is the day, Saki.
Saki: It's finally come!
Tsukasa: Today, we're going to buy the absolutely most essential items for our trip.
Tsukasa: None other than! Snacks for the train ride over!
Saki: Hooray♪ Alright, what should we get?
Saki: Actually, Tsukasa! What's our budget situation?
Tsukasa: Heh. Budget...?
Tsukasa: We're high schoolers, Saki. Do you know what that means?
Saki: Huh?
Tsukasa: When we were little, our limit was 300 yen per person. But now that we're older, we can add a few zeroes to that, can we not?
Saki: You don't mean...?
Tsukasa: I do.
Tsukasa: Money is no object! Let's buy as much as we can eat on this trip!
Saki: Wh-Whoa...! Like a grown-up vacation...?!
(Black cut)

[Snack Aisle]

Tsukasa: Alright, let's first grab all the usual chocolates, candy and other snacks from this aisle!
Saki: Yeah! We'll need a mix of sweet and salty snacks since our mood will change as time goes on.
Saki: Oh, these animal-shaped cookies are so cute! I bet Shiho would love these!
Tsukasa: Oh, Saki, here are all the potato chips.
Saki: Thanks, Tsukasa! We can't get the party started without these♪
Saki: Hey, they even have seasonal flavors!
Tsukasa: (Come to think of it, I remember us shopping like this when we were little.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsukasa: (Saki and I went to the store to buy snacks...)
Saki: Is something wrong, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Huh?! Oh, sorry. I was remembering how we went shopping like this when we were little.
Saki: When we were little...?
Saki: Oh, I remember! When we were in elementary school, right?
Saki: You came along to help me pick our snacks to take on that one field trip.
Tsukasa: Yes, you remember that?
Saki: Hehe. Of course I remember!
Saki: You helped me find snacks that were cheap, but had enough to share with my friends. That made me really happy.
Saki: Also...
Tsukasa: Hm?
Saki: Remember how I couldn't go on many field trips, because I kept getting sick all the time?
Saki: I was really worried that I'd catch a cold or something after you helped me find those snacks...
Tsukasa: Saki...
Saki: But you told me not to worry.
Saki: “Pegasusman is here to protect you.” “I will defend you against any nasty bugs!”
Saki: That made me feel a lot better.
Tsukasa: Hahaha! And Pegasusman kept his promise, did he not?
Saki: Yup! You singing with me while we washed our hands and stuff probably worked, right?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (I still remember the smile on Saki's face as she waved her hand when she left for that field trip.)
Tsukasa: (Her weak constitution prevented her from going on many field trips at all...)
Tsukasa: (But now she's well enough that we even get to go on a trip together.)
Tsukasa: (Furthermore, due to our busy performance schedules, we haven't been able to spend time like this lately.)
Tsukasa: (Which is why my goal will be to treasure every second of this trip.)
Saki: Alright, Tsukasa, what else should we get?!
Tsukasa: Ah, yes! Based on this aisle's selection...
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: Everyone! Line up!!
Tsukasa: Alright, I'll start passing out the souvenirs from our trip now!
Miku, Emu & Rin: Woohoo☆
MEIKO (WxS): Thank you for bringing back souvenirs for all of us, Tsukasa♪
Nene: Still, do we all need to line up like this...?
Rui: With the plushies included, there are quite a lot of us, after all. This does seem like a good way to make sure everybody receives their gift.
Rui: And I'm sensing quite a bit of excitement from them.
Plushies: What do you think we're gonna get?
Plushies: I can't wait to find out!
Rui: You see?
Nene: Yeah, I guess you're right.
KAITO (WxS): Anyway, Tsukasa, did you enjoy your trip?
Tsukasa: Yes, I got to experience autumn with all five of my senses!
Tsukasa: In particular, the sight of the mountainside dyed in vibrant scarlet was absolutely stunning!
Rin (WxS): Oh, that sounds so nice♪ The leaves were really that pretty?
Tsukasa: Yes, they were so inspiring that I was able to come up with another idea for a story.
Len (WxS): Oh, another idea?!
Tsukasa: Yes, it takes place at a famed leaf-viewing location.
Tsukasa: And the protagonists are all maple leaves.
Rin & Len: Leaves...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Maple Leaf A (Emu): Humhumhuum♪ It's nice and sunny again today☆
Maple Leaf A (Emu): Oh, I feel a nice breeze coming! That means it's time to do the fun and happy leaf dance!!
Tourist (Rin-WxS): Wow♪ The way the wind is making the green leaves wave is so beautiful☆
Tourist (Luka-WxS): Yes, but these are supposed to be even prettier after they've turned red and yellow during the fall!
Maple Leaf A (Emu): (Everyone's gonna be so happy when we change colors!)
Maple Leaf A (Emu): Hmm... But a lot of the other leaves are also gonna turn red, so... Alright! That just means I've gotta become even redder than them☆
???: We won't let you.
Maple Leaf A (Emu): Huh?
Maple Leaf B (Rui): We're also trying to become the reddest leaves here.
Maple Leaf C (Nene): Yeah... That makes us all rivals.
Maple Leaf A (Emu): Wow...! This is so cool!
Maple Leaf A (Emu): Then, I know! We should have a competition to see who can become the reddest leaf☆
Maple Leaf B (Rui): Yeah. It's always good to have rivals to compete against.
Maple Leaf C (Nene): That also means no holding back, you guys.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: “And so, our heroine began training to become the reddest leaf of all.”
Tsukasa: “She braved the sun during the day, endured some very cold nights... But then, a fearsome storm rolled in.”
Tsukasa: “She did her best to stay on her branch, but finally, she was pulled away...”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Maple Leaf A (Emu): No, I have to get back to my branch! Jump! Jump! Juuump!
Maple Leaf A (Emu): No, I can't reach it... But I haven't become fully red yet...
Maple Leaf A (Emu): And I made a promise to the others that I'd try my best...
???: Hm? That voice...
Maple Leaf A (Emu): You guys...!
Maple Leaf B (Rui): Looks like yesterday's rainstorm made us all fall off...
Maple Leaf A (Emu): Oh, you did...?
Maple Leaf C (Nene): None of us was able to become completely red. We're all a mix of yellows and oranges...
Maple Leaf A (Emu): *Nod*
Maple Leaf A (Emu): (They all tried their best...)
Tourist Child (Miku-WxS): Wait, these leaves aren't red!
Maple Leaves: ...!!
Maple Leaf A (Emu): (They're gonna be so disappointed by how we look...)
Tourist Child (Miku-WxS): Wow♪ They're a really pretty mix of colors!
Tourist Child (Miku-WxS): I'm gonna take them home and keep them as treasures☆
Maple Leaf C (Nene): We're pretty? But we haven't turned red...
Maple Leaf B (Rui): Yes, her reaction tells me that...
Maple Leaf A (Emu): Hehe... We don't have to be red!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: ...is about how that story goes.
Emu: I'm so glad for those leaves!
Rin (WxS): Yeah! I started tearing up there towards the end!
Nene: I'm honestly surprised by how moving it was...
Rui: Me too. I was under the impression that there was going to be a leaf battle royale, with the winner declaring herself the reddest in the blood of her foes...
Rui: More like a thriller or horror film.
Tsukasa: How did you arrive on that? In any case, a good story must always surpass the viewer's expectations!
Tsukasa: Still, yes... I probably decided to go with this sort of ending because...
Tsukasa: Our trip ended up being such a heartwarming and memorable experience.
Emu: I'm glad that you had such a wonderful trip, Tsukasa!
Rui: It'd be a shame to lose this story. Let's add it to our stock of scripts for later.
Tsukasa: Yes!
(Black cut)
