1037_Tsukasa Tenma_R3 Lessons With Kikyogumi (event_149)

Gacha phrase: Look where your finger's pointing, raise your left arm...

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Morinomiya Music Academy - Courtyard]

Tsukasa: Oh...!
Emu: Thanks for waiting, Tsukasa, Rui!
Rui: We didn't expect you two to arrive together, Nene.
Nene: Yeah, we just happened to bump into each other.
Tsukasa: Anyway, now that we're all here, let's all congratulate ourselves for getting through the first day of lessons here at Morinomiya!
Rui, Emu & Nene: Nice work, everyone!
Emu: Oh, what were you guys' lessons like?! Did you all learn a lot?
Tsukasa: Yes, they were very educational! As expected from the Morinomiya Music Academy!
Emu: Really...?! What kind of lesson was it?
Rui: The boys from Kikyogumi had a ballet lesson.
Nene: Oh, so did we. The girls from Suzurangumi also had a ballet lesson.
Rui: Ballet involves learning to move your body in some very specific ways, so it may be a key piece of their program here.
Nene: Yeah. Though, was your lesson as intense as mine was?
Nene: I'm not sure I would've been able to make it through, if we hadn't trained with Mikazukigumi...
Tsukasa: Yes, I feel the same way.
Tsukasa: I mean, even with my deep reservoir of stamina, it ended up being a tough test...
Emu: Is ballet really that hard?
Tsukasa: Yes. Hard may not be the right word, but I had trouble getting my body to move the way I wanted...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: (Raise my leg that's facing the audience, and stretch out the opposite arm...)
Tsukasa: (Pretend that the mirror is the audience so that you can check to see how you're doing... How's this?!)
Tsukasa: Hmm...
Tsukasa: (My knee is fully straightened, but... I'm having trouble lifting my leg any higher, and my arm isn't going much above my shoulder.)
Tsukasa: (Also, it looks like my body is bending forward slightly...)
Tsukasa: Hup! Hmph! Hah!
Tsukasa: Grr! This is far from easy...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: ...is how that went.
Emu: Oh, I think I know the pose you guys were doing♪ I've seen the girls on the gymnastics team do it!
Nene: Oh, right. You help a few other clubs out from time to time, right?
Emu: Yup! So, I remember them saying how it's important to turn your pelvis the right way, use your back muscles properly, oh, and flexibility is really important too!
Tsukasa: Flexibility...
Rui: Yes, flexibility...
Nene: We understand in theory, but...
Emu: Oh no! Don't frown like that, you guys!
Emu: You guys are already pretty flexible!
Tsukasa: Yes, we are...
Rui: But we'll need to reach a new level of flexibility if we're going to do ballet. Actually, I'd say two extra levels...
Nene: Yeah. I'm gonna be honest, the stretches we did at the start of our lesson were already really hard.
Tsukasa: Ah, those...
Rui: The way things stand now, my flexibility is going to be my greatest limiting factor when it comes to these ballet lessons.
Tsukasa: The same goes for me...
Tsukasa: However! I am not about to back down from this challenge! There are techniques and forms of expression which you can only learn through doing ballet!
Tsukasa: We only get to train at Morinomiya for three months! So, we must make the absolute most of each day... No, each lesson!
Emu: And I'm gonna do my best to learn lots and lots and lots about how they run things!
Tsukasa: Excellent!
Nene: While we're on the subject, Emu, you still haven't told us about what they've been teaching you.
Tsukasa: Yes, I'd like to know as well!
Rui: Then, why don't we head over to SEKAI to continue our talk? Len and Rin have been asking us about what this school is like.
Tsukasa: Right. Then, let's go see them!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Morinomiya Music Academy - Rehearsal Room]

Tsukasa: Hmm...
Rui: You're here already, Tsukasa? Are you practicing by yourself?
Tsukasa: I was, but... I'm having a little trouble with something...
Tsukasa: Remember how our last lesson involved males playing female characters?
Tsukasa: They taught us how to stand and walk, but I simply can't get my body to do what I want...
Rui: After all, it's because you're acting while also focusing on aspects of your bearing you've never had to think about before.
Rui: They say that onnagata actors in the world of kabuki live their daily lives with feminine mannerisms. For them, it may hardly fall under acting at all.
Rui: It's certainly not something we can pick up in one day.
Tsukasa: You say that, but you seemed to do pretty well back there.
Tsukasa: The others were astonished by how quickly you improved over the course of one day.
Rui: Hehe. The truth is, I've watched video footage of an all-male ballet company put on a performance a number of times.
Rui: I wasn't expecting the analysis I performed of their physical expression to come back and help me like this.
Rui: It just goes to show that it's important to keep your eyes open for anything and everything one can use.
Tsukasa: Oh, I didn't know that...! Would it be possible for me to also watch that video?
Rui: I don't know... It was a stream that I just happened to stumble across, but I can try looking for it.
Rui: Anyway, are you done practicing?
Tsukasa: No... Nothing will come of me running circles in my head!
Tsukasa: So, let's review what we covered during our last lesson!
Tsukasa: Do you have time to watch what I do for a bit, Rui?
Rui: Yes, that's the plan.
Tsukasa: (Starting with my shoulders. They still feel too square...)
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Grrr! Why is this so hard...?
Tsukasa: I can't seem to lower my shoulders without slouching. And every time I try to walk with my knees closer together, I end up waddling instead.
Rui: Yes, I may be your friend, but I must say that you make for a wonderful penguin.
Tsukasa: Yes, I'm well aware of that! How can you laugh at me like that?! I'm trying my best over here!
Rui: I know. Let me apologize by telling you a trick I learned while practicing on my own. Will that suffice?
Tsukasa: Oh? Let's hear it.
Rui: In order to make your shoulders look more round, try to make it as if your wrists are pulling them down.
Tsukasa: Hm? My wrists?
Rui: The person who showed me was apparently told to not slouch, and to relax his shoulders more, as part of an assignment in order to improve his acting.
Rui: Thus, the key is to not curl your shoulders, but to drop them instead. That's supposed to prevent you from slouching.
Rui: And to avoid putting too much focus on his shoulders, he envisioned his wrists, far below his shoulders, pulling his arms down.
Rui: I should also mention that he said, “It's a solution I arrived on for this problem, so I can't say that it's for everyone...”
Tsukasa: No, I believe his reasoning is sound.
Tsukasa: It's difficult not to slouch when you're trying to round your shoulders...
Tsukasa: But you have to concentrate quite a lot in order to push them down, which ends up affecting everything else you do.
Tsukasa: In order to prevent that, you need to drop them instead of trying to round them. That's where your wrists play a key role...
Rui: So, am I right to say that this helps?
Tsukasa: Yes! Now I'm glad that I got you to laugh at my waddling!
Tsukasa: So, let me try this again, using the method you just described! Tell me what you think!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: How's this, Rui?! This should look much better compared to before!
Rui: Yes, you're using your upper body much better now! Your posture has also improved, and you look much less like a penguin now.
Tsukasa: Excellent! To think that one trick would end up helping this much!
Tsukasa: Still, that's incredible...
Tsukasa: What you learned didn't come from a teacher, but another student, yes? He really came up with this all on his own?
Rui: Yes, because he knew this was a problem for him. He apparently struggled quite a lot before arriving upon this solution.
Tsukasa: I see...
Tsukasa: We're all doing our best to improve by correcting our mistakes...
Tsukasa: But this fellow's efforts deserve more recognition.
Rui: I suppose that's what it means to be a student at Morinomiya.
Tsukasa: As I thought, we stand to learn a tremendous amount by taking lessons here!
Rui: Yes, we do. We need to make the most of the three months we have with them.
Tsukasa: Agreed!
(Black cut)
