1117_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Shining Stars Onstage

Gacha phrase: Let's join hands and make music!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Kagamine Len, KAITO)

[ASTRO FES - Day 1]

[Ensemble Square - Studio]

Len (WxS): <Do you think Tsukasa is nearby?>
KAITO (WxS): <Len, I'm sure I don't need to remind you, but be sure to stay quiet. Everyone is practicing hard for the joint performance tomorrow.>
Len (WxS): <I know! We did just see Rui working on effects with the idols' Magician.>
Len (WxS): <I wonder who Tsukasa is practicing with?>
Len (WxS): <Ah! Look, KAITO, there he is!>
KAITO (WxS): <Oh, you're right. He's standing face-to-face with someone... But, wait...>
Chiaki: You sicken me! Begone from my sight!
Tsukasa: ...!
KAITO (WxS): <The atmosphere is so hostile.>
Len (WxS): <A-Are they fighting? What should we do?!>
Chiaki: Tenma...☆
Tsukasa: Morisawa...!
Len (WxS): <H-Huh? They were just glaring at each other, but now they're shaking hands?>
Tsukasa: That was some superb acting!
Chiaki: I could say the same for you! You looked so sad that, even though I knew we were just acting, I actually felt really guilty.
Tsukasa: After all, our characters may have had a falling-out, but they were once the closest of friends...
Tsukasa: I can't help but get emotional thinking about it.
Len (WxS): <Oh, they were just acting.>
KAITO (WxS): <Yes, it looks like they get along very well in real life.>
Tsukasa: Your technique really surprised me, Morisawa. I knew RYUSEITAI did superhero shows, but to think you were so accomplished...
Chiaki: Well! It's really nice of you to say that, given how hard you're working as an actor yourself!
Chiaki: But, hmm... I think it helps that it's an easy role to play.
Tsukasa: An easy role? How do you mean?
Chiaki: In hero shows, it's pretty common for conflicts to start over differing definitions of justice.
Chiaki: So this type of acting, where you're facing each other with righteous anger, is sought after.
Tsukasa: I see...
Chiaki: And with your help, I feel like I was able to reach higher than I usually can. That's that genuine star power that brings smiles to so many faces!
Tsukasa: Thank you so much!
Tsukasa: That said, I don't yet have the skill or the achievements to be called a star.
Tsukasa: However... Someday I will become worthy of the title! I swear it!
Tsukasa: For that and many other reasons, I must approach every role with diligence and care!
Chiaki: I see...
Chiaki: So, you're just like me!
Tsukasa: Huh...?
Chiaki: I'm working as hard as I can to become my ideal awesome hero, too.
Tsukasa: Really? From where I stand, you and the other RYUSEITAI members already appear to be fine heroes bringing smiles and hope to children.
Chiaki: I'm happy to hear that...
Chiaki: But the way I see it, I'm not in RYUSEITAI because I'm a hero. I'm in RYUSEITAI because I want to BECOME a hero.
Tsukasa: ...!
Chiaki: Reality can be harsh, and it can be hard to keep fighting for your own justice like the heroes on TV do...
Chiaki: But I've kept on fighting for what I believe in, and that's gotten me this far.
Chiaki: And some people look at me standing here, and are kind enough to call me a hero for it.
Chiaki: So, I hope you'll let me call you a star!
Chiaki: You're chasing after your dreams, and that makes you brilliant!
Tsukasa: Morisawa...
Tsukasa: Thank you! I see I'll have to redouble my efforts, in order to be worthy of your kind words.
Chiaki: Right. Let's work hard to reach our dreams, together! This joint production will be a big step forward for all of us.
Chiaki: Let's shine bright up on stage and bring huge smiles to everyone who's come to see us☆
Tsukasa: Of course!
Chiaki: Now then, let's do it again from the top, and practice the songs too! If anything sticks out to you, be sure to let me know.
Tsukasa: Of course. Please tell me if you notice anything, yourself.
KAITO (WxS): <He's pretty dazzling, isn't he?>
Len (WxS): <He is! And... I feel like the two of them are actually really similar!>
Len (WxS): <Good luck, you two! We're looking forward to your brilliant performance!>
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma)

[ASTRO FES - Day 2]

[ASTRO FES Venue]

Tsukasa: Thank you for the meal!
Tsukasa: (To think I could get ginger fried pork-wrapped rice balls at a food stall...)
Tsukasa: (A happy belly will give me energy for the rest of the day. My preparations are complete!)
Tsukasa: (Rehearsal went well too. I just can't wait to perform for everyone!)
Tsukasa: Hm?
Tsukasa: Is that Morisawa? He's looking quite seriously at his hand. What is he—
Chiaki: Aaaaaaaargh! Why?! Why, why, why?!
Tsukasa: Huh...?!
Tsukasa: (D-Did something happen?!)
Tsukasa: Morisawa!
Chiaki: Whoa! Tenma?
Tsukasa: Are you alright? You sounded as though you were in pain...
Chiaki: Oh... No, it really wasn't anything big. Sorry to make you worry.
Chiaki: Wow, that's embarrassing...
Tsukasa: Hm?
Chiaki: The truth is, I was just pulling a lotto here at this stall. They have figures from “Chousentai Flash Giranger!”
Chiaki: But no matter how many I pull, I just keep getting the monsters...
Tsukasa: Ah, so that's why you seemed so distressed.
Chiaki: Yeah. The monsters have their good points too, so it's not like I'm super upset... But I want the hero!
Tsukasa: (He really does love heroes.)
Tsukasa: In that case, maybe I can be of help!
Chiaki: Hm?
Tsukasa: I once drew “super great blessing” from the omikuji, you know! I have full confidence in my luck! If we draw together, surely some will transfer to you!
Chiaki: T-Tenma...!
Chiaki: Thank you! You really are such a good guy! Okay, sorry to ask, but please help me out!
Tsukasa: Of course!
(Black cut)
Chiaki: Sir! I'll go another round!
Staff: Sure thing!
Chiaki: Here we go!
Tsukasa & Chiaki: *Roar*
Tsukasa: There, got it!
Chiaki: But what's inside...?
Chiaki: It's... It's the hero!!!
Tsukasa: ...! You did it, Morisawa!
Chiaki: Yes! All thanks to you, Tenma! Thank you so much!
Tsukasa: There's no need to thank me! I'm just glad to see you smile, Morisawa.
Chiaki: Man, you're so cool! You're just like a superhero!
Tsukasa: Me, a hero?
Tsukasa: If anything...
Boy's Voice: Waaaaaah!
Tsukasa: ...!
Chiaki: I hear a young boy crying. Look at these crowds... He could have gotten lost. I'll go see if I can find him.
Tsukasa: I'll come with you, Morisawa. As a future star, I can hardly abandon a crying child!
Chiaki: Hehe, I knew you'd say that, Tenma!
Chiaki: Let's hurry! We have a smile to deliver!
Tsukasa: Of course!
(Black cut)
Chiaki: That boy should be here somewhere...
Tsukasa: Ah, there!
Boy: Waaaaaah...!
Mother: Oh, are you going to keep on crying forever?
Boy: *Sob* B-But...! I finally got my Giranger...!
Mother: Yes, but then you dropped it. Here, we'll get you one more later, okay?
Chiaki: Hmm... That seems to be his mother with him. At least he isn't lost...
Tsukasa: Giranger, he said. That would be the same hero as the figure you won just now, yes?
Chiaki: Yeah. It sounds like he's upset about losing the one he won.
Chiaki: Excuse me, young man! Would you play with these figures with me?
Boy: Oh! It's Giranger!
Chiaki: Oh, you know Giranger? Perfect!
Chiaki: I love the monsters so much, you see, but I've been looking for someone brave enough to be the hero!
Chiaki: Would you play Giranger and do battle with me?
Boy: Yeah! Okay!
Tsukasa: Morisawa...
Tsukasa: (Even though Morisawa loves the hero best himself...)
Tsukasa: (He must be doing this to make the boy smile.)
Mother: My goodness, are you from RYUSEITAI? I'm sorry for the trouble, and thank you.
Chiaki: No, thank you! Now, let's begin! “Curse you, Giranger! I will destroy yooou! Groaaaaaar!”
Boy: Flash Beam!!!
Chiaki: “Uwagh!”
Tsukasa: (I can't simply stand here!)
Tsukasa: “HAH HAH HAH HAH! Don't celebrate just yet, Giranger! I'm FAR more powerful than he is!”
Boy: I'll defeat you, too! Flash Beam!!!
Tsukasa: “Pegasus Barrier! Hah, you call that an attack?! It didn't even tickle me!”
Chiaki: “Thanks for the backup, Monster Pegasus! Wahaha! With the two of us together, you stand no chance without your Final Flash Attack!”
Boy: Final Flash Attack...!
Boy: Then here goes! Final Flash Attack... Sunlight Sparkle Flash!!!
Chiaki: “Wh-Whaaaaaat?!! Impossible... How did you...?!”
Tsukasa: “Waaaargh! He... He got us!”
Boy: Hehe, I did it!
Tsukasa: You were a fierce opponent, young man!
Chiaki: Yes, what a thrilling fight!
Chiaki: Hmm... I know. Would you accept this hero figure?
Boy: Huh? But... Are you sure?
Chiaki: Of course! It belongs with a brave warrior who defeated the forces of evil!
Chiaki: As you can see, I'm more of a monster fan myself. Please, accept it!
Boy: Okay...! Thank you, mister!
Mother: Really, I can't thank you enough...
Chiaki: Please don't worry about it! Making children smile is my job!
Tsukasa: (Even though he wanted that figure so much himself... He looks so satisfied with the smile on that boy's face.)
Tsukasa: (Morisawa... You're such a cool person.)
Boy: Thanks again, misters! Bye bye!
Chiaki: Phew... We were able to make him smile after all.
Tsukasa: As expected of a hero of RYUSEITAI!
Chiaki: Don't be silly! That boy smiled because of you, Tenma.
Chiaki: Your monster performance delighted him, after all... And without you, I might not have even had that figure in the first place.
Chiaki: So, what brought his smile back was our shared feelings, our desires to make him happy, resonating.
Tsukasa: Our feelings...
Tsukasa: Yes, you're right!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later - Before the show]

[Backstage]

Tsukasa: It's almost our cue.
Chiaki: Right! Time for the brightest star of the night to shine and make this the best performance ever!
Tsukasa: I will— with a strong, kindhearted hero by my side!
Chiaki: Haha, you're right. After all, the same wish burns red-hot in both our hearts!
Tsukasa: Now, let's go bring smiles to our audience, with the power of our radiance!
(Black cut)
