1160_Tsukasa Tenma_R2 Arresting Poise (event_164)

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[Kamiyama High School - Rooftop]

Tsukasa: Ah, what a beautiful day! The sun is shining bright, which means it's a perfect day to have lunch on the rooftop!
Rui: Yes, a brighter mood does have this way of making everything taste a little better.
Tsukasa: I need to be careful not to bend my back when I go to sit down... Alright, why don't we all sit here?
Nene: O-Okay...
Tsukasa: When I open the lid, I need to focus on what my fingertips are doing. Anyway, what's for lunch today...?
Tsukasa: Oh, ginger fried pork! That's my favorite! I couldn't have asked for a better surprise!
Tsukasa: Hm? What's the matter? Is there something you don't like included in your lunch?
Nene: What have you been muttering to yourself...? You've been moving around really carefully...
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! You noticed?!
Nene: There'd be something wrong with me if I didn't.
Tsukasa: I still can't get the Kikyogumi show we saw the other day out of my head.
Tsukasa: The acting, script and directing were all excellent, but their poise is what impressed me the most.
Tsukasa: Their elegance was staggering, was it not?!
Nene: True, it was.
Tsukasa: After seeing that performance, I feel like learning how to do the same now.
Tsukasa: So, I've gone ahead and started practicing!
Nene: Okay, that explains why you were moving all funny just now...
Tsukasa: Funny? What do you mean? My goal is to first do normal things in an elegant manner.
Tsukasa: It's not possible to achieve that level of sophistication overnight, so I'll need to do this constantly.
Nene: Constantly? Wait, has he been doing this all day...?
Rui: As far as I've seen, yes.
Tsukasa: My classmates even marveled at my grace! That means my training is already paying off!
Rui: About that. I was asked a few questions regarding this.
Tsukasa: What kinds of questions?
Rui: I was asked, “Why's Tenma erasing the chalkboard so weirdly?” And, “Why was he swaying around while reading that passage during Japanese class?”
Rui: You definitely had their attention.
Tsukasa: W-Wait! That's not what I was expecting them to say!
Tsukasa: I was more under the impression that they'd become speechless over my sheer elegance!
Tsukasa: Also, why didn't you tell me sooner if you knew that they thought I was acting strange?!
Rui: Of course, I was going to warn you.
Rui: But I quickly realized that it was the perfect opportunity for me to gather references for how people react in the face of the strange and unusual.
Rui: So, I forced myself to stand back and watch. It genuinely pained me to be unable to help you during your time of need, Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: Wait, all you did was put your own interests first!
Tsukasa: Still, to think I was being viewed that way...! I thought I'd achieved a nice level of grace.
Nene: You were that sure...?
Tsukasa: Grr... Just you watch. I will find a way to move with elegance.
Nene: Alright, we get it. Can we start eating already?
Tsukasa: Right... Having my favorite food should lift my spirits.
Tsukasa: Hmm...
Nene: Oh, that reminds me. Are you all free after school today?
Rui: I don't have any plans. Why do you ask...?
Nene: I was wondering if we could all visit SEKAI together. Everyone's been asking about what we're currently doing at Morinomiya.
Rui: Yes, that sounds like a good idea. We should also ask Emu.
Nene: Yeah. Tsukasa, can you...?
Nene: Wait, why are you frozen in place like a statue holding a pair of chopsticks now...?
Tsukasa: Ah, I was just thinking about the most elegant way to eat this ginger fried pork...
Tsukasa: I want to scarf down all of this right now, but I won't look very elegant if I do that. But nibbling away at it also seems like the wrong answer.
Nene: Lunch is going to end really fast if you keep doing this.
Nene: Seriously, you've been influenced way too much...
Rui: Hehe. It just goes to show how spectacular the performance we saw was.
Tsukasa: Hmm... What should I do...?
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Morinomiya Music Academy]

Male Student A: “If you are an ogre, then I have every reason to cut you down. I shall destroy all ogres who do harm to people...!”
Male Student B: “Oh? Someone's hunting ogres? That's interesting. He must not value his life very much...”
Tsukasa: Everybody everywhere is practicing lines by themselves...!
Rui: Yes, this is what things must be like whenever Morinomiya is holding auditions for a show.
Tsukasa: Oh, that person's practicing for a sword fight!
Tsukasa: Look at the way he's moving...!
Tsukasa: His strength and agility must be off the charts. I can't help but be impressed...!
Rui: You certainly seem to be enjoying yourself, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Yes, getting to experience this atmosphere firsthand is quite enjoyable indeed.
Tsukasa: Especially since the boys weren't scheduled to audition for anything during our time here.
Tsukasa: Nene told us that Morinomiya's auditions are very intense, but I wasn't expecting this...
Rui: They may be more motivated than usual, since this isn't one of their regular auditions.
Rui: Still, I wasn't expecting them to hold auditions for students to perform in Kikyogumi's show.
Tsukasa: Me neither. And I couldn't be more jealous of them.
Rui: Which is understandable, since one stands to grow quite a lot by performing as part of Kikyogumi.
Tsukasa: They are our fellow students, so we should give them as much support as we can.
Rui: Yes, I wish them all the best of luck.
Tsukasa: But I was startled by the play they chose for this audition.
Rui: Yes, they went with “Ouka Kenshiden: The Sakura Swordsman”...
Rui: The very play we saw Kikyogumi perform.
Tsukasa: I wasn't expecting to hear the title again this soon after being so moved by that performance.
Rui: It seems like the perfect choice in terms of testing an actor's skills and moxie.
Rui: Not only do your acting skills need to be up to snuff, you also need to be very good with a sword.
Tsukasa: Yes, it sounds like a fun challenge.
Tsukasa: Ever since we saw it that day, I've actually been thinking about how I'd play each character.
Tsukasa: The namesake swordsman and his nemesis, the ogre, seem particularly challenging since they both require you to be fierce but delicate.
Tsukasa: You have no idea how much trouble I had figuring out how to play them.
Rui: Hehe. I assume that means you were able to find a satisfactory solution.
Tsukasa: Of course. I managed to come up with a plan for both of them!
Tsukasa: Unfortunately, I won't have a chance to actually present them...
Rui: Yes, since we visiting students aren't allowed to audition.
Rui: That being said, I would've liked to see what Morinomiya thinks of your renditions.
Tsukasa: I feel the same way... But there's also no need to feel sad.
Rui: What do you mean?
Tsukasa: I may not be allowed to audition, but I can still practice for it like I am!
Tsukasa: I already went to all that trouble. And now, I have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to polish my acting plans in this intense atmosphere.
Tsukasa: Let us make the most of every second we have here at Morinomiya!
Rui: Now I see.
Rui: In that case, I'll help. Having a rival should make it feel more like a real audition, yes?
Tsukasa: Yes, that's what I like to hear! Then, which scene should we do first? I was thinking...
(Black cut)
