1169_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Unwavering Resolve (event_167)

Gacha phrase: Because I'm a future star!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: Okay, I've finished warming up! I'm ready to begin practicing for our show anytime!
Miku (WxS): Wow! You sound so fired up, Tsukasa☆
MEIKO (WxS): Yes, your excitement has this wonderful infectiousness to it!
Tsukasa: That's because it's been so long since we put together a show ourselves! I had trouble sleeping last night due to the excitement!
Tsukasa: The plushies have also been saying just how much they're looking forward to seeing Wonderlands×Showtime perform! So, we plan to put on the best show imaginable!
Emu: Yeah☆ We also need to thank you and the others for giving us such a huge hand, KAITO♪
KAITO (WxS): Hehe. Thank you for inviting us to help. Let's keep doing our best for our plushie friends, shall we?
Rui: We'll be performing in the harbor's plaza, yes? Coming up with ideas for that location should be a worthwhile exercise.
Nene: It sounded like a lot of them plan on coming to see our show, so we need to make sure they all get to have fun.
Tsukasa: They should, since we've included a number of action scenes! It'll be a chance to make full use of our Mikazukigumi training!
Emu: We decided to put those in because of your suggestion, KAITO!
KAITO (WxS): Yes, since you all worked so hard during your time with Mikazukigumi. I feel that those scenes will enhance the story nicely.
Rui: I've outlined the general flow of all the action scenes, but I'll be asking you and Tsukasa for your opinions when we put things into practice.
Rui: So, let's do our best to create some really breathtaking scenes for the plushies.
Tsukasa & Emu: Yes! Yeah!
(Black cut)
Len (WxS): Tsukasa and Emu's action scene is coming up...!
Tsukasa: (This show is a comedic musical that takes place in a city...)
Tsukasa: (Overall, it's a fun and hectic show, but this is probably the most exciting part.)
Tsukasa: (Emu plays a phantom thief, while I'll be chasing her around as a police officer.)
Tsukasa: (If we can pull off our stunts and work in sync, we should be able to make our audience go wild.)
KAITO (WxS): Okay, ready? Begin!
Tsukasa: “Stop right there! I have you now!”
Tsukasa: “I will catch you today! So, stay still and let me restrain you!”
Emu: “Heh heh! If you're so sure you can catch me, then come and get me!”
Tsukasa: “Grr! Not about to give up, are you?! But I'm going to wipe that smile off of your face!”
Tsukasa: (I'm supposed to try to catch her as she deftly slips away every time.)
Tsukasa: “Hup! Hm?! Grr!”
Emu: “Haha! I'm over here!”
Rin (WxS): Whoa, check it out☆ They're working in perfect sync♪
Tsukasa: (Yes! Next, I catch up to Emu and grab at her arm! The way she evades effortlessly, almost tauntingly, is meant to leave a strong impression...)
Tsukasa: (I know...! I shouldn't just grab at her arm! I could try...)
Tsukasa: (Yes, that would help make Emu look more dynamic! We didn't actually practice this, but...)
Tsukasa: “Argh! You slippery fiend! Come heeeeere!!”
Nene: Huh? Is he supposed to run like that?
Rui: No, but...
Emu: “Try all you like, but the result will always be the same! Haha!”
Tsukasa: (I'll make it look like I've lost my balance, and do a series of spins!)
Tsukasa: “Gaaaaahhhh!”
MEIKO (WxS): That's it, Emu! You dodged him really beautifully there!
Miku (WxS): Haha! Tsukasa's spinning round and round!
Tsukasa: “No, my eyes are spinning...! Where are you, thief...?”
Emu: “Pokey poke!”
Tsukasa: “What?! When did you get behind me?!”
Emu: “Hmm... If this keeps up, then it's going to be a hundred years before you catch me.”
Tsukasa: “Grr...! I am just getting started! Prepare yourself!”
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Well, that ended up becoming a wonderfully exciting scene, did it not?!
Emu: Yeah! What did you guys think?!
Rin (WxS): You two were so amazing!
Miku (WxS): I really loved the part when Tsukasa dashed full speed to tackle Emu, but she dodged it easily!
Rui: Emu looked all the more agile because he threw himself at her with such momentum.
MEIKO (WxS): Yes, it was really enjoyable to watch! When did you two practice that?
Nene: I don't think they did. That was improvised, right? All you did was make eye contact with Emu before you made your move.
Tsukasa: Oh, you could tell?! Yes, that was all us improvising!
Rin & Len: Really?!
KAITO (WxS): I had a feeling... You really did a magnificent job of dodging him when he flew towards you, Emu.
Emu: Hehe. This jolt went down my spine when he made eye contact☆
Emu: I got the feeling that Tsukasa was about to do something really funny!
KAITO (WxS): I see...
Emu: Oh, Tsukasa, that reminds me! I also came up with an idea! Can we give it a try?
Tsukasa: Of course! As it happens, I have another idea on how to improve our action scenes as well!
Rui: Wonderful. I'd love to hear more.
Tsukasa: Okay! Then, let's start with the scene we just did!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

[Harbor]

Tsukasa: We were supposed to meet here for today's practice, but...
Tsukasa: Oh, there you all are. Why are you gathered around the tree?
Rui: Ah, Tsukasa... We were just making sure that it's doing okay.
Emu: Yeah, we wanted to make sure there weren't any black fragments like before.
Tsukasa: I see. As far as I can tell, everything seems normal.
Nene: Yeah. But what if it happens again...?
Miku (WxS): Hmm... They did appear totally out of the blue.
Luka (WxS): This SEKAI may yet hold many more secrets. I was honestly startled by how those fragments made you all fall asleep.
KAITO (WxS): To be fair, someone being awake one moment and asleep the next was hardly a first for this SEKAI.
Luka (WxS): Oh, really?
MEIKO (WxS): We have you to thank, Luka. Still, I'm glad that you all woke up and there weren't any problems!
Rin (WxS): Me too. I didn't know what we were gonna do if you guys stayed asleep...!
Tsukasa: I see. That means we caused you all quite a lot of concern.
Rui: It was my fault for not thinking twice before touching them. I ended up dragging us all into that dream...
Nene: I mean, we don't blame you. None of us thought we'd end up in that state.
Emu: Yeah! If you didn't touch them, Rui, then I probably would've!
Tsukasa: Hey, don't act so proud!
Tsukasa: In any case, I don't think it was an entirely bad experience since we gained a new level of understanding of this SEKAI.
Rui: Yes, I agree...
Rui: However, now that we know what those fragments do, we may want to refrain from touching anything we don't recognize.
Emu: I guess that also means we shouldn't bring the things we find over to show everybody.
Nene: That would normally involve touching it, yeah.
Rin (WxS): There might be stuff on the ground, so that means we gotta really watch where we walk!
Len (WxS): R-Right. We need to keep an eye out so you guys don't touch anything weird...!
Tsukasa: We appreciate the caution... But I don't think you need to worry that much about us.
Rin (WxS): Huh?
Tsukasa: Those fragments were born out of all our feelings, no?
Tsukasa: So, I doubt they're that dangerous. We ultimately managed to wake up, after all.
Len (WxS): But...
KAITO (WxS): I agree... I don't think there's any need to worry.
KAITO (WxS): To be fair, I can't say with absolute certainty...
KAITO (WxS): But that dream had you all going your separate ways to achieve your own goals, yes?
Tsukasa: Yes, that's right.
KAITO (WxS): And because of that dream, I believe the four of you made an important realization all over again.
KAITO (WxS): You felt compelled to make the most of the time you get to spend putting on shows together.
KAITO (WxS): When you look at it that way, it doesn't seem so scary.
Nene: Yeah, you're right...
Rui: You also said something similar, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Yes, it was a good reminder of how we need to treasure the time we get to spend together each day.
Tsukasa: Also, even if more fragments were to appear in the future, they don't necessarily have to be related to negative feelings.
Tsukasa: Next time, they might be fragments born out of fun and joy!
Rin (WxS): Yeah! Fun fragments means you'll all get to see a fun dream, right?♪
KAITO (WxS): Yes, if the feelings are powerful enough.
Emu: I want my dream to be about eating lots and lots of taiyaki☆
Len (WxS): Oh, Tsukasa, what do you want your dream to be about?
Tsukasa: Obviously, about us putting on the best show ever!
Rui: Oh? Shouldn't you be more focused on making that dream come true?
Nene: We did come here to practice for a show.
Tsukasa: Right! Let's change gears and get back to working on that!
Nene, Emu & Rui: Yeah. Yeah! Yes.
(Black cut)
