1173_Tsukasa Tenma_RB Happy Birthday! 2026

Gacha phrase: You'll find me a changed man today!

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Saki Tenma, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Tsukasa's Room]

Tsukasa: Now all that's left is a handkerchief, and a hat as well, just in case.
Tsukasa: There... That's just about everything I can think of.
Tsukasa: (Tomorrow is the day of the surprise tour Emu and the others planned for me...)
Tsukasa: (But as I have no idea of our destination, I don't know what I ought to bring.)
Tsukasa: Ah, yes, they did instruct me on what to wear. Let me review Emu's message...
Emu's Message (Emu): <Tsukasa! Wear clothes that are easy to move around in tomorrow, 'kay? And maybe bring a lot of drinks, too☆>
Tsukasa: Clothing that's easy to move in, and drinks... Are we exercising, perhaps?
Tsukasa: Well, as Rui said, I suppose I'll find out when I get there. Now, exercise clothes... I believe they're in...
???: <Tsukasa☆>
Tsukasa: Hm?
Miku (WxS): <Here we go, everyone☆ One, two, three!>
Miku (WxS): <Happy birthday, Tsukasa!>
Everyone: Happy birthday!
Tsukasa: Oh! Thank you, everyone!
Tsukasa: I suppose the date changed over when I wasn't looking.
Len (WxS): <That's right! We decided to come say happy birthday the very first second!>
Rin (WxS): <We're the first ones to say it, right?!>
Tsukasa: Indeed you are! And a fine start to my birthday it's made!
Luka (WxS): <Hehe, I'm glad to hear it. It sounds like our surprise worked.>
KAITO (WxS): <Definitely.>
KAITO (WxS): <Were you getting ready for tomorrow, Tsukasa?>
Tsukasa: That's right. I had just finished, in fact.
Tsukasa: The only thing left to do is to meet up with the others tomorrow and enjoy the day to its fullest!
Miku (WxS): <Hehehe. It's exciting not knowing where you're going, huh☆>
MEIKO (WxS): <You'll be coming here in the evening, right? I hope you're looking forward to our party, too!>
Tsukasa: Of course! As soon as the tour is over, we'll come to you.
Saki's Voice (Saki): Tsukasa! Are you awake?
Tsukasa: I am indeed!
Saki: Sorry to bug you so late. There's something I wanna give you...
Saki: Ta-daa! Happy birthday, Tsukasa! Here's your present, from me♪
Tsukasa: Let's see... A hand towel!
Saki: Yeah! It's warm and soft and fluffy!
Saki: I hope it'll be soothing for you even during your most intense training sessions!
Tsukasa: Oooh. It certainly is warm and fluffy...
Tsukasa: Yes, I can already tell this towel will soothe me every time I wipe my sweat. Thank you, Saki! I'll use it gladly!
Saki: Yeah! Oh, you have your surprise tour tomorrow, right? Have lots of fun with everyone!
Tsukasa: You know I will! And it seems we'll be engaging in physical activity, so I'll bring this towel along as well!
Saki: Hmm... If you're going to bring a towel, maybe a slightly bigger one would be better?
Tsukasa: Hm? What do you mean?
Saki: Oh, uh, never mind!
Saki: I'm sure it'll be a great day! Good night, Tsukasa♪
Tsukasa: R-Right... Sleep well!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Scramble Crossing]

Tsukasa: Aah! Not a cloud in the sky, and a pleasant breeze!
Tsukasa: This is...the perfect weather for a tooour!
Emu: The perfect weather!
Rui: You're even more energetic than usual this morning, Tsukasa. I suppose you are the guest of honor, after all.
Tsukasa: I received birthday wishes from Miku and the others, and a wonderful present from Saki...
Tsukasa: And having received a kind message from Toya this morning as well, I'm charged to the max with celebration power!
Nene: Celebration power?
Tsukasa: Indeed. And what's more, Toya's message was not only a text, but a voice message...
Tsukasa: And what's even more! That message was not only from Toya, but from everyone in Vivid BAD SQUAD!
Tsukasa: The four of them even sang me a birthday song at the end!
Rui: Well, well. That's quite a surprise.
Tsukasa: Yes. Even in a distant land, they're thinking of me... It truly warms my heart.
Tsukasa: Unfortunately, their message arrived just as I was leaving the house, so I could only send a brief reply...
Tsukasa: But I intend to send them a song of thanks myself soon! And given the recipients, it will have to be an impressive one!
Emu: Ooh, so it's a reverse surprise☆
Nene: I think just saying thank you would do the job...
Rui: Hehe. We'll have to make our surprise tour equally as fulfilling, won't we?
Nene: Well, I guess so.
Emu: Okay, everyone! It's time for the Make Tsukasa Super Duper Happy Smiley Tour to begin☆
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! As of today, you'll find me a changed man! Be it deep oceans or tall mountains, bring it on!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[SpoJoy Park]

Emu: Here we are! Our first stop is SpoJoy Park!
Tsukasa: Ah, an opportunity to enjoy sports with my friends!
Rui: However, given the occasion, we've decided to raise the stakes just a little.
Tsukasa: Stakes?
Nene: You'll play a series of one-on-one matches against us.
Nene: For each match you win, our lunch plans for after this will be upgraded by one level.
Tsukasa: For each match... Meaning, if I win all three matches I can expect a truly extravagant luncheon?!
Nene: I don't know about extravagant... But that's the idea.
Rui: Don't worry. Even if you lose every match, you'll still get a satisfactory lunch for sure.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! Me, lose every match? Unthinkable! I'll secure three victories with grace and panache!
Emu: Ooh, someone's motivated☆
Rui: Hehe. Shall we go, then? The stage for our clash shall be the table tennis room.
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Eat this! Magical Dream Pegasus Smash!!!
Emu: Ooh, so cool! Okay, I'll do one too! Let's see... Sparkling Rainbow Special Strike!
Tsukasa: What?! You returned my Magical Dream Pegasus Smash?!
Tsukasa: Grr... In that case... Try my Technical Revolution Pegasus Smash!
Nene: None of these sound like table tennis techniques.
(Black cut)
Emu: Wow, wow! They're keeping the rally going so well!
Rui: Tsukasa's match point is on the line, after all. It's little wonder they're both so heated.
Nene: Ugh, no matter where I hit it he sends it right back. He's so persistent! But I can't let myself lose to Tsuka—
Nene: Ah!
Tsukasa: How kind of you to lob the ball, Nene! Here I go! Pegasus... Smaaash!!!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Alright! Two more points and I win!
Rui: Not bad. But I've found my rhythm now. The real match starts here.
Emu: Go, Tsukasa! Go, Rui!
Tsukasa: (If I win here, I'll have secured three wins.)
Tsukasa: (Surely an unbelievably luxurious lunch will be waiting for me...and so!)
Tsukasa: This victory goes...to me!!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One hour later]

[Foothills]

Tsukasa: ...
Tsukasa: I admit it, I did lose to Rui. I couldn't stand up to his trick shots once he got serious...
Tsukasa: But... I won twice, you know? So why... Why...
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Why are we in the mountaaaiiins?!
(Background change)
Rui: Exactly the reaction we predicted.
Nene: Don't worry, the bug spray we used is pretty strong.
Tsukasa: Ah, that is a relief to hear... But not the point!
Tsukasa: What kind of luncheon are we supposed to have in the mountains?! There's not a single eatery in sight!
Nene: We'll explain everything, so just settle down a bit.
Nene: Yes, we're in the mountains, but that's because we want you to enjoy freshly harvested ingredients.
Tsukasa: What does that mean?
Nene: You remember the clearing we passed on the way to the trail? That's a barbeque rental site.
Rui: This area also grows many wild greens. All of the species listed on this pamphlet are free for the taking.
Tsukasa: Free for the taking... You mean we can enjoy as much of these as we like?!
Emu: Ding ding ding☆ And it's not just wild mountain vegetables either! We can fish in the river right over there, too!
Tsukasa: So that means... Wild herbs and fresh vegetables, freshly caught fish, and barbeque? What an athletic, adventurous activity!
Tsukasa: Forgive me for jumping to conclusions! You planned this out all for my sake, after all. I'll gladly enjoy it to the fullest!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Barbeque Site]

Tsukasa: Thank you for the delicious meal!
Emu, Nene & Rui: That was delicious☆ That was really good.
Tsukasa: Phew, I'm stuffed.
Tsukasa: The wild greens were delicious, and the freshly caught rainbow trout were amazing grilled with salt!
Nene: The meat we ordered for extras ended up being a little much... I'm glad we spent all morning moving around.
Tsukasa: Indeed! Thanks to that, we were able to finish everything!
Tsukasa: I must say, I had no idea there were places like this where you can enjoy the bounty of nature so directly.
Emu: Hehehe. Actually, Haruka and the others told us about this place!
Tsukasa: Oh, I see! But why would they...?
Emu: Well, we were working on the tour plan at school, and we happened to run into them!
Emu: And when we explained what we were doing, they said they'd love to help come up with fun ideas for your birthday, and we all planned it together!
Tsukasa: I see. It sounds like they had quite a store of knowledge to share. I'll have to give Kiritani and the others my thanks soon, as well!
Tsukasa: And to you all. For coming up with such a wonderful plan for my sake...from the bottom of my heart, thank you!
Tsukasa: We enjoyed heated sports battles and a delicious lunch experience.
Tsukasa: Thanks to you all, today has been an unforgettable birthday!
Nene: I see... I'm glad you enjoyed yourself.
Rui: Me, too. But... Don't tell me you think the surprise tour is over already?
Rui: As they say, “But wait! There's tour!”
Tsukasa: Surely you mean “But wait, there's more”... But what else could there be?
Emu: Ahem☆ I will now announce our final destination of the day!
Emu: Here, take this phone♪
Tsukasa: Hm? There's a call ongoing!
Saki: “Hello! Having fun, Tsukasa?”
Tsukasa: That voice! Saki?!
Saki: “That's right! And the final destination for your surprise tour is... Our house!”
Saki: “We're getting everything ready for your birthday party right now. We have a cake too, so look forward to that!”
Tsukasa: R-Right...
Saki: “Okay, see you soon!”
Tsukasa: ...
Emu: And there you have it! That was our special guest, Saki!
Tsukasa: I utterly let my guard down... I never expected an additional surprise right at the very end...
Tsukasa: Everyone! Let us prepare to return home right away! We must rendezvous with Saki and the others as soon as possible!
Emu: Yes sir! Time to get cleaning up, everyone!
Nene: We actually have some leeway on time, but seeing how excited Tsukasa is, I feel like we should hurry up and get it done fast.
Rui: True. Let's not keep him waiting.
Tsukasa: *Roar* Just you wait, Saki! I'm coming home now!!!
(White cut)
(CG insert: https://storage.sekai.best/sekai-jp-assets/scenario/background/bg_s000446/bg_s000446.webp)
Toya: Happy birthday, Tsukasa. I never expected to receive a thank-you song from you. It was a real shock.
Akito: You say song, but it was practically a mini-musical. And weirdly intense on the direction...
An: It was a great song! The acting too, but I guess that's to be expected...
An: But it's your birthday, so it feels a little strange that we got something so nice and thoughtful.
Kohane: Hehe. It's very like Tsukasa, for sure.
Kohane: Thanks again, Tsukasa! And very happy birthday, too!
Mizuki: Happy birthday, Tsukasa!
Mizuki: Mafuyu and I picked out your present together, you know! I'll pass it along to Rui next time I see him, so be sure to get it from him♪
Mafuyu: Mizuki spent a very long time debating what kind of hat would best suit you, Tenma. But I think all that worry was worth it in the end, and I hope you'll agree.
Shizuku: Are you all ready? One, two, three—
Shizuku: Happy birthday, Tsukasa!
Minori, Haruka & Airi: Happy birthday!
Airi: I heard you were going to that barbeque spot for lunch today. Did you enjoy yourselves there?
Haruka: You can get some good exercise in, and enjoy fresh food right after. It's the perfect place for you, Tenma.
Shizuku: That reminds me, I got a message from Tsukasa earlier. He said they had a lot of fun, and sent along this photo too.
Minori: Aww, everyone's enjoying the barbeque together! And Tsukasa's grinning from ear to ear!
Shizuku: Yes, it looks like it'll be a wonderful memory for them all. Tsukasa, thank you for the lovely picture. I hope we can all have a barbeque together someday.
Saki: Tsukasa! Happy birthday! I'm so glad you enjoyed your surprise so much!
Shiho: You did get back a little sooner than we expected, which caught us off guard.
Ichika: He did say he raced back home as fast as he could for Saki's sake. That's just how Tsukasa is, really.
Honami: Definitely. And the party was so much fun... I hope it'll be a fun memory for Tsukasa.
Saki: Yeah, yeah! Happy birthday again, Tsukasa! You're giving it 100% chasing your dream, so I'll support you 100% too!
Nene: I'm glad you liked our surprise tour.
Emu: Yeah! We got to see sooo much of Tsukasa's smile!
Rui: I couldn't help but smile myself, seeing you enjoy yourself so much.
Rui: It's just like a future star to bring such joy to those around him.
Nene: There definitely are times when you just drag us all around in your wake... But it really is amazing how naturally you can make others smile, Tsukasa.
Emu: Yeah! You'll definitely bring smiles to people all around the world someday!
Emu: Let's all keep on making people smile, Tsukasa! All of us, together☆
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukasa: Thank you so much, everyone! I've received so many kind well-wishes today!
Tsukasa: Every time I receive such support, I'm reminded... These warm feelings of companionship must never be taken for granted.
Tsukasa: That is why I treasure the feelings I receive... And seek to repay them with even greater smiles!
Tsukasa: Look forward to the continuing career of Tsukasa Tenma, Pegasus Dreamer! Let's meet again on the stage!
(Black cut)
