1197_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Taking The Stage (event_172)

Gacha phrase: Let's put on the ultimate show.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi)

[ArcLand]

Tsukasa: Our workshop begins today! Are you two resolved and ready?!
Emu: Aye, captain! My motivation tanks are completely full!
Nene: I'm also ready... But this is embarrassing. Can we leave it there?
Tsukasa: Hahaha! It's our first day! It's important to be excited!
Tsukasa: After all, this is an incredibly valuable opportunity for us to learn from the world's best.
Tsukasa: We must learn as much as we possibly can from this workshop!
Emu & Nene: Yeah! Yeah...!
Tsukasa: And I'm not just taking about the incredible teachers they've gathered.
Tsukasa: We stand to learn a lot from the other cast members who will be participating alongside us.
Nene: Right. They taught us a lot when we did that show together...
???: Hey, you guys!
Tsukasa: It's wonderful to see all of you again!
Tsukasa: We didn't get a chance to talk during orientation, so I'm glad we're able to now!
ArcLand Cast Member A: Yeah, we're also really glad to see you guys.
ArcLand Cast Member B: Last time we talked would have been that joint-performance. How have you guys been? Good?
Emu: Yeah, we've been super duper wonderhoy!
ArcLand Cast Member B: Haha. You haven't changed at all, Emu.
Nene: You all seem to be doing well, too.
Tsukasa: You really surprised us during orientation. I certainly didn't expect a song of welcome...
ArcLand Cast Member A: It's been so long that we felt that we should surprise you all by doing something fun.
ArcLand Cast Member B: We were crushed when we weren't chosen to be the greeters, so we decided to steal the spotlight back from Asahi.
Tsukasa: I see... I suppose we shouldn't expect anything less from a group of true entertainers.
Tsukasa: Darn it. Now I feel like I should've come prepared with something...
Nene: This isn't a competition.
ArcLand Cast Member A: Still, we couldn't believe it when we heard that you'd be participating in one of our workshops.
Tsukasa: Yes, we couldn't be more thankful to be given this opportunity.
Tsukasa: We've actually been working with...
(Black cut)
ArcLand Cast Member A: Wow, so you guys have been training with all kinds of troupes.
Tsukasa: Yes, and now we've been given an opportunity to learn here with all of you from ArcLand.
ArcLand Cast Member A: I see... I'm actually kinda relieved.
Nene: Huh?
ArcLand Cast Member A: We had heard that Wonderlands×Showtime had left the Wonder Stage.
ArcLand Cast Member B: We were afraid that we'd never get to see the four of you do another show.
ArcLand Cast Member B: So it's great to hear that the four of you are still doing your best together.
Tsukasa: Thank you for being so concerned about us!
ArcLand Cast Member A: Haha. Hey, we're comrades who stood on the same stage together, aren't we?
ArcLand Cast Member B: You really lit a fire under us during that exchange.
ArcLand Cast Member A: And I'm sure this time will be no different.
ArcLand Cast Member A: I mean, we get to see just how much you guys have all grown, right?
Tsukasa: That's right. We promise to do our best to deliver just that.
ArcLand Cast Member A: *Nod* We can't wait.
ArcLand Cast Member B: Anyway, we'll see you guys later.
Tsukasa: I didn't realize they were so worried about us.
Nene: Yeah, I was a little surprised... But I feel really happy now.
Emu: Hehe. They even said that they wanna see us do another show together!
Tsukasa: I'm glad we had a chance to talk to them before the workshop got underway. I feel even more motivated now!
Tsukasa: They have high hopes for us, so we need to do our best to not disappoint them!
Tsukasa: Let's take everything that we've learned through our training and throw it at this workshop!
Nene & Emu: Yeah...! Yeah!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Rui Kamishiro)

[Lunch break]

[Kamiyama High School - Rooftop]

Tsukasa: (Natalia Santi's “Living For The Stage”...)
Tsukasa: (I bought it in order to get a better understanding of what we're doing for the workshop, but this is a bigger educational asset than I realized.)
Tsukasa: (It includes everything from her process of getting into character to techniques of expression and bearing, and even vocal acting.)
Tsukasa: (I see. This is what she was talking about the other day when we were discussing acting methods...)
???: Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: (This does such a good job of explaining all the things I couldn't quite wrap my head around.)
Tsukasa: (I'll review this again before our next workshop meeting.)
Rui: Can you hear me, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Hm...?
Tsukasa: Whoa, Rui?! How long have you been there?!
Rui: Hehe. That book must be very captivating.
Rui: Mind if I ask what you're reading?
Tsukasa: It's a book by Natalia Santi, one of the workshop teachers.
Rui: Ah, I'm familiar with that one.
Rui: It's received quite a lot of praise for its eminently practical approach to acting.
Tsukasa: Yes, it should prove an invaluable tool while we attend this workshop.
Tsukasa: Particularly because the material is so advanced.
Tsukasa: The teachers are world-class, of course, and the participating members of ArcLand are seasoned veterans as well.
Tsukasa: In almost every conversation, it's driven home how painfully shallow my understanding of the craft is.
Rui: I see. So that's why you're studying up.
Tsukasa: It sounds like things are hardly any easier over on the directors' course, either.
Tsukasa: That's all you were thinking about during class today, right? Your attention was a thousand miles away.
Rui: Your eyes are sharp.
Rui: You're spot on, Tsukasa. This assignment is proving quite a difficult one.
Rui: It's not easy to change up one's entire approach to showmaking.
Tsukasa: I see... It sounds like we're both going to be wracking our heads for a while.
Tsukasa: At the same time... It's thrilling, isn't it?
Tsukasa: We've learned a lot through our training until now...
Tsukasa: And the more we learn, the more we see we need to work on.
Tsukasa: In other words, we still have so much room to grow.
Tsukasa: So, I'm going to take this opportunity to grow once again, and get one step closer to becoming a star!
Rui: Hehe. A typically Tsukasa-like positive outlook.
Rui: But, you're right... This has been a fun challenge.
Tsukasa: Oh, look at the time... We've been talking so long that lunch is almost half over.
Tsukasa: Let's hurry up and finish eating so that we're ready for classes this afternoon!
Rui: Yes, you should probably hurry.
Tsukasa: Hm? Me? What about you? Aren't you having lunch?
Rui: I'll just stick with this drink. I'd rather spend as much time as I can working on my show.
Tsukasa: There you go again...!
Tsukasa: If you don't eat properly, then you're going to struggle to come up with good ideas!
Tsukasa: You really didn't bring anything? If so, I'll share some of my food with you. Eat up.
Rui: Alright... I suppose I should listen to what my troupe leader has to say.
Tsukasa: Well said. So, let's eat!
(Black cut)
