1229_Tsukasa Tenma_R4 Sinking Into Despair (event_178)

Skill name: Invigorating Support
Gacha phrase: Everything is...meaningless.

<Side Story (Part 1)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro)

[ArcLand]

Emu: Here we aaare! Let's all work hard at the workshop!!!
Tsukasa: Indeed. There are only a few days left, after all. Let's not slack off, and learn as much as we can!
Nene: It's good that you two are motivated and all...
Nene: But we're here really early. The workshop classes don't start for another hour.
Rui: We decided to run here to build stamina right after morning practice, but it seems we arrived earlier than anticipated.
Tsukasa: Hah hah hah! It only goes to show how excited we are!
Rui: Either way, what should we do? It would be nice to find someplace to pass the time...
Tsukasa: Hmm... In that case, why don't we enjoy a relaxing morning tea at my usual spot!
Nene: You have a usual spot?
Tsukasa: Yes! In the north section of the park!
Tsukasa: It's away from the central area, so it's usually not crowded. We can rest there without getting in the way of any park guests.
Tsukasa: It's this way! Follow me!
Nene: Come to think of it, I don't think I've ever been to the north area.
Rui: Neither have I. I always go directly to the workshop venue.
Emu: Do you come up this way a lot, Tsukasa?
Tsukasa: Yes. I go on walks up here during breaks, usually.
Tsukasa: Oh! Good morning, sir!
Cleaner: Well, if it isn't Tsukasa! Got your workshop today?
Tsukasa: That's right. We happened to arrive a little early, so I plan to have tea with my friends!
Cleaner: Oh, over at your usual spot? They've started the new seasonal menu, so I hope you all enjoy!
Tsukasa: Oh, that's exciting to hear! We'll be sure to give it a try!
Cleaner: Okay, you kids take care. Good luck with the workshop!
Tsukasa: Thank you! Let's speak again sometime soon!
Emu: Wow... Tsukasa seemed really friendly with that person!
Nene: Y-Yeah...
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Here we are, my go-to cafe!
Nene: Huh? It looks like a gift shop... Oh, they have tables to sit and drink tea too.
Vendor: I know that voice... Hello there, Tsukasa! Good to see you again.
Tsukasa: Yes! I've brought my friends today!
Emu: Hello there!
Vendor: Hello to you too! Let's see... Emu, Nene, Rui. Is that right?
Rui: You know who we are?
Vendor: I've heard a lot about you from Tsukasa. You're all participating in the workshop, right?
Vendor: Our workshops are pretty intense, but good luck. I hope it'll be a good experience for all of you.
Emu: Oh wow, thank you!
Rui: From your conversations with this person and the cleaner from before... You certainly seem to have become close with the staff here, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: Huh, now that you mention it... I wonder when that started?
Tsukasa: I figured that, since we'd be guests of ArcLand, it would be proper to say hello to the staff... And before I knew it...
Vendor: Haha. You were always so energetic and greeted us with such a loud voice, we all just naturally started recognizing you.
Emu: Hahaha, that's Tsukasa, alright!
Vendor: Hearing about your shows and all the training you're doing has been my little worktime treat lately.
Vendor: But, well... That does make me a little sad, too.
Tsukasa: Hm? Why is that?
Vendor: Well, you said the workshop will be ending soon, right? Pretty soon I won't be able to hear your stories anymore.
Tsukasa: It's true, I won't be able to come by as often as before...
Tsukasa: But... I will come back to see you!
Vendor: Huh?
Tsukasa: ArcLand is a wonderful park. I still have so much to learn here as an actor!
Tsukasa: So of course I'll come back again, and when I do, I promise to come by and say hello!
Vendor: Tsukasa... Thanks!
Vendor: Well, you have to get through the workshop first.
Vendor: I hope you'll stop by before you leave and give me some good news!
Tsukasa: Yes, of course! We'll achieve great results and come by to tell you all about it!
Emu: We'll all come back, together!
Vendor: Haha, thank you. I'm looking forward to it already.
Tsukasa: I had already intended to work hard for these last few days... But now I have even more reason to!
Emu: Yeah! Let's work really hard, so we can give him good news and he can tell us we did a good job!
Nene: Hehe, yeah.
Tsukasa: And the first step toward that is to enjoy our teatime to the fullest! Excuse me! We're ready to order!
(Black cut)


<Side Story (Part 2)>

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Tsukasa: Huff... Huff! We're keeping a good pace!
Miku (WxS): Go, Tsukasa, go♪ Let's finish up strong☆
MEIKO (WxS): We're almost there!
Tsukasa: Right! Time to buckle down and sprint! Raise the pace!
Tsukasa: *Roar*
MEIKO (WxS): I'm not about to fall behind!
(Black cut)
Tsukasa: Huff, huff...! Phew...! Ten laps around the park...done!
Tsukasa: We worked up a fine sweat! Are you two tired at all?
Miku (WxS): Nope, I'm fine! It's lots of fun to run with everyone!
MEIKO (WxS): Oh, I could keep going for ages! Ten laps is a good warm-up.
Tsukasa: W-Warm-up?!
Tsukasa: I-I've always known you two had stamina, but... That is truly impressive.
Tsukasa: You need stamina to give your best performance! I need to build just as much stamina as you have!
Miku (WxS): Stamina, huh... What kind of training do you do for that, MEIKO?
MEIKO (WxS): Hmm... Well...
MEIKO (WxS): Oh, I have just the thing! Do you want to try my special stamina-building regimen together?
Tsukasa: Yes, of course! What kind of training is it?
MEIKO (WxS): You pick up that pot over there, and dash over to the Ferris wheel with it!
MEIKO (WxS): It builds stamina while also strengthening your arms, back, legs and hips... You can work on different areas all at once.
Tsukasa: Oh, I see! A straightforward routine to build pure strength.
Miku (WxS): Ooh, that sounds like fun☆ Okay, I'll do it too!
Tsukasa: Excellent. Then, I'll take this pot...
Tsukasa: Hrrrrrggh...! Nnnngh...?!
Miku (WxS): Hrrrgh!!!
MEIKO (WxS): You can do it! Keep at it!
Tsukasa: Hrgh! Gah! I can't...!
Miku (WxS): I-I don't think I can either...!
MEIKO (WxS): Huh? What's wrong, you two?
Tsukasa: N-Nothing is wrong with us! These flowerpots refuse to move an inch!
Miku (WxS): They're so heavy, we can't even lift them!
MEIKO (WxS): That's weird... I don't remember them being that heavy...
Tsukasa: What?! She just...lifted it?!
Miku (WxS): Wow, MEIKO, you're amazing!
MEIKO (WxS): Hehe, thanks! I can see how this might be a little too heavy for you two, though.
MEIKO (WxS): I'll just put this back down...
Tsukasa: Even just setting it down made such an intimidating sound...
Tsukasa: I'm sorry, MEIKO, but I think I'd need a separate training regimen just to prepare for this training regimen.
???: Oh? What are you three up to?
Tsukasa: Oh, I was doing some training with Miku and MEIKO's gracious company.
Luka (WxS): The contest just ended, and you're still so motivated.
Rin (WxS): You've been practicing so hard lately, we thought for sure you'd relax a bit!
Tsukasa: I did intend to at first, but my mind has been thoroughly changed.
KAITO (WxS): Did something happen?
Tsukasa: I spoke with Asahi on the way home from the contest... And he said something unthinkable to me.
Tsukasa: He said that he didn't want to lose to me...
Tsukasa: An actor of his caliber, saying such a thing to me... I was completely taken aback.
Tsukasa: But it truly is an honor. It means he sees me as his rival.
MEIKO (WxS): I did think you seemed peppy lately. That explains why!
KAITO (WxS): His rival, huh... It must be a wonderful feeling to have someone you respect so much acknowledge your ability.
Tsukasa: Yes. His words have lit a fire in my heart!
Tsukasa: I must learn more, work harder...and aim for ever greater heights!
Miku (WxS): Ooh! You're fired up!
Tsukasa: And so, I plan to rehearse like mad today! That's enough exercise for now. It's time for acting practice!
Tsukasa: If you'd like, you're all more than welcome to join!
Everyone: Of course!
(Black cut)
