55-2 A Pianist Named Thorpe

(Character: Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Narrator (Nene): “A long time ago, in a certain town, there was a pianist named Thorpe.”
Narrator (Nene): “Thorpe was a gifted pianist who lived on the outskirts of his town, and you could always hear the melodious sounds of a piano emanating from his place of lodging.”
Emu: Oh wow...! Tsukasa's so good at playing the piano!
KAITO: Yes, he is! I'd heard that he could play, but not this well.
Rin: Rui! Rui! Doesn't this make Tsukasa a perfect fit for Thorpe?
Rui: Yes... He certainly won't have any problems when it comes to playing the piano...
Narrator (Nene): “But Thorpe had a rather grave failing. Whenever he tried to perform in front of others, he wasn't able to play to the best of his abilities...”
Narrator (Nene): “Thorpe would audition for his town's band many times, but fail every time due to not being able to perform when it matters most.”
Narrator (Nene): “Having nowhere else to go, Thorpe began playing the piano at a local tavern that was so run down that it hardly ever received any visitors. A place where no one would hear him play.”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “*Sigh* If only I could join a big band and play music with them...”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “I know. In times like this, it's always nice to look at the stars...”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “They're so beautiful...”
Tsukasa: (Hmm...)
Tsukasa: (Thorpe looks up towards the stars because he feels stuck in terms of achieving his goals... He seems to have trouble facing reality because he lacks initiative...)
Rui: ...
KAITO: (I see... So this is what Rui was worried about.)
Narrator (Nene): “As Thorpe sits and stares at the distant stars...”
Bandleader (Rui): “Well, if it isn't Thorpe. Is this where you're playing your piano these days?”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “Wait, you're the leader of that band...! It's been so long. What are you doing in a place like this?”
Bandleader (Rui): “Some of the band and I are here to have some drinks... I see that your love for playing the piano hasn't faded.”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “No, it hasn't... But I'm still not able to perform when it really counts...”
Bandleader (Rui): “You'd be more than welcome to play in my band if only you managed to overcome that... Oh, I know!”
Bandleader (Rui): “A big contest is going to be taking place in town soon. Why don't you enter into it?”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “Huh?”
Bandleader (Rui): “Wouldn't playing in front of a big crowd like that give you a big boost of courage? If you manage to win, my band may be willing to welcome you in as a new member.”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “What...?!”
Bandleader (Rui): “Anyway, we'll be looking forward to your performance.”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “If I win... I'll get to join them...?”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “I'm probably never going to get another chance to join a band like this again... I have to enter!”
Narrator (Nene): “Thorpe began practicing like there was no tomorrow.”
Narrator (Nene): “However, no matter how much he practiced, Thorpe still couldn't play well even during his mock rehearsal in front of the others boarding with him.”
Narrator (Nene): “With only ten days left until the contest, an absolutely exhausted Thorpe received some special visitors.”
Big Sister Squirrel (Emu): “That piano sounds so wonderful♪”
Little Sister Squirrel (Miku-WxS): “Yes, it really does!”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “Huh? Squirrels...?”
Big Sister Squirrel (Emu): “Hey, Mr. Pianist! Can you play a song for us?”
Little Sister Squirrel (Miku-WxS): “We want to learn how to dance to a song for this party we'll be attending soon.”
Narrator (Nene): “A pair of squirrel sisters from a nearby forest had come to visit. As cute as they were, to Thorpe, they only got in the way of him practicing.”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “I don't care about your party! I'm busy! Leave me alone!”
Big Sister Squirrel (Emu): “Please, just one song!”
Little Sister Squirrel (Miku-WxS): “We really want you to play it for us!”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “Ugh... Fine, I'll play it! But you need to go after it's over.”
Big Sister Squirrel (Emu): “Oh wow! This is a great song! But don't you think you're playing a bit too fast?”
Little Sister Squirrel (Miku-WxS): “Yeah, she's right! We'd have to dance and twirl so fast just to keep up!”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “Enough! If all you're going to do is complain, I'm not going to play for you!”
Narrator (Nene): “The squirrels danced and twirled as best they could, but before they went home, they asked Thorpe to slow things down next time.”
Narrator (Nene): “Thorpe let out a deep sigh. However, to his dismay, the squirrels had told their animal friends about him and they all came to visit the next day.”
Sheep (Luka): “Hello, Mr. Pianist. Can you play a nice song that'll help me and my friends from the farm fall asleep?”
(Black cut)
Migrating Bird (MEIKO): “Mr. Pianist! I got separated from my friends! Can you play a fun song that'll let them know that I'm here?”
(Black cut)
Big Brother Cat (KAITO): “Mr. Pianist, my little brother and sister are sick. Can you play a song that'll make them feel better?”
Little Brother Cat (Len): “*Sob* My tummy hurts...”
Little Sister Cat (Rin): “*Sob* My head hurts...”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “Alright, fine...! But in return, you have to leave after I'm done playing!”
(Black cut)
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “They're finally gone. I can practice in peace now...”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “But there might not be any point now since the contest is tomorrow.”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “*Sigh* I only have half a day left...”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “The stars... They're so beautiful...”
(Black cut)
Narrator (Nene): “And so, the day of the contest had arrived.”
Narrator (Nene): “Thorpe was worried sick about not getting to rehearse in front of others, but he desperately played as best he could. As a result...”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “Huh...?”
Bandleader (Rui): “That was magnificent, Thorpe!”
Bandleader (Rui): “How did you practice to get this good? Could it be that you found someone to listen to you play?”
Thorpe (Tsukasa): “*Gasp*”
Narrator (Nene): “That's right. Thorpe learned how to play in front of others because his animal friends came to listen each day.”
Narrator (Nene): “As the crowd called for an encore, Thorpe decided to play his favorite song to thank all the animals for what they did.”
Narrator (Nene): “Outside of the venue, the animals heard his performance and nodded in thanks for giving them another wonderful song... The end.”
(Black cut)
Nene: Is about how it goes...
Miku (WxS): So many animals! That sounds like a lot of fun♪
Tsukasa: Alright, Rui! What did you think of my performance? I personally thought there was nothing wrong!
Tsukasa: Especially when I played the piano! It should be smooth sailing with me at the helm!
Emu: Yeah, Tsukasa, seeing you on the piano was so cool! Especially when you went all ba-da-da-da-dum!
Nene: Yeah, despite everything that was said beforehand, you'll probably be fine with a bit of practice...
Rui: No... We shouldn't be so hasty.
Tsukasa: What?! Why?!
Rui: I agree that there was nothing seriously wrong on the surface, but...
Rui: You're just not fit for this role, Tsukasa...
Tsukasa: Not fit...?
(Black cut)
