55-7 Looking For Stars

(Character: Saki Tenma, Toya Aoyagi, Tsukasa Tenma, Emu Otori, Nene Kusanagi, Rui Kamishiro, Hatsune Miku, KAITO)

(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[A few years later]

[Tenma Household - Living Room]

Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Wait, is it finally here...?!
Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Hello?! This is the Tenmas!!
Elementary School Saki (Saki): <Tsukasa! I got into Miya Girls Junior High! Ichi and the girls all got in too!>
Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): R-Really?! That's great, Saki!!
Elementary School Saki (Saki): <Thanks! This means we can keep hanging out and having fun together! Plus, I feel great!!>
Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): This is wonderful!! I'm so happy for you...!
Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): We should throw you a party today! Why don't you invite Ichika and the others over?
Elementary School Saki (Saki): <Okay, I'll try asking them! Talk to you later!>
Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Yes, bye!
Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Good for you, Saki...! You get to be with your friends again...
Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Hah hah hah! I feel like I can play anything right now!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mother: Yes, this is the Tenmas. Wait, what happened to Saki...?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hospital]

Doctor: I know it's quite a ways away, but based on her condition, I recommend transferring her to the hospital in the other prefecture since they have a specialist in-house.
Father: I see... I understand.
Mother: Thank you...
Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): Saki...
Saki's Voice (Saki): ...
Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): She just got into Miya Girls... But she's being ripped away from it now...
Saki's Voice (Saki): ...
Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Place: Tenma Household - Living Room)
Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): (But I'm sure Saki will be fine... She'll be back.)
Junior High School Tsukasa (Tsukasa): (And I'll be waiting for her right here...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: “I know. In times like this, it's always nice to look at the stars...”
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Alright, in times like this, there's but one thing for me to do!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: So that's the answer...
Toya: Tsukasa...?
Saki: Thanks for waiting! Everything okay, Tsukasa?
Saki: Here, drink this!
Tsukasa: S-Saki?! What is this? Water...?
Saki: Toya got worried because you were staring off into space like that, so he asked for it.
Tsukasa: I see... Thank you, Toya.
Toya: You're welcome. But more importantly, is everything okay...?
Tsukasa: Yes... I think I know what those stars mean to Thorpe now.
Toya: ...!
Saki: Stars? What are you talking about?
Tsukasa: Oh, we were just...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsukasa: Wait, that's it... Saki, you were the one who said that...
Saki: Huh? Said what?
Tsukasa: “Seeing stars makes me feel better.” Didn't you say that to me once when I visited your hospital room all those years ago?
Saki: Huh? Oh, now that you mention it... Yeah, I did used to say that!
Saki: Every time I felt scared... Every time I had to go in for another test or surgery, I wanted to look up at the stars... But I also got scolded a lot for staying up too late.
Saki: But...
Saki: I kept looking because they reminded me of all the fun things I did with Ichi and the girls, and the shows you put on for me, Tsukasa.
Tsukasa: I see... The answer was right under my nose this entire time.
Tsukasa: Well, I guess I still have a long way to go...! However, accepting that is always the first step towards growth!
Tsukasa: Toya, Saki, thank you both very much! I believe I have a way out of this conundrum now.
Toya: You do?
Tsukasa: Yes, I do! You two have been a massive help.
Tsukasa: Especially since talking like this reminded me of some very precious memories. I have a feeling our show is going to turn out beautifully...
Toya: Really...? I'm glad I could help.
Tsukasa: Me too. Again, thank you!
Tsukasa: If you'd like, why don't you and your friends stop by for a showing? I promise to make it a great one!!
Saki & Toya: Okay! Of course!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Wonderland SEKAI]

Emu: “Congratulations, Mr. Pianist!”
Nene: “And so, the animals all celebrated Thorpe's triumph as he was welcomed in as the band's new pianist. The end.”
Miku (WxS): Woohoo! That was awesome♪
Emu: Thanks, Miku!
Nene: But we're still missing Tsukasa...
Rui: (There isn't much time left until we open...)
Rui: (If we wait any longer, we won't have a chance to put a polish on our show.)
Rui: (But I...)
Miku (WxS): Tsukasa's gonna be fine! I'm sure of it!
Nene: Miku...
Tsukasa: Sorry for the delay...!
Rui: ...! Tsukasa!
Tsukasa: I apologize for taking so long... I'm sure I had you all worried.
Tsukasa: But I finally figured out what I have in common with Thorpe and know how to get into character now!
Nene & Emu: ...!
Miku (WxS): See♪
Rui: Yes, you certainly had us worried there for a second, oh dear troupe leader...
Rui: Anyway, are you ready...?
Tsukasa: Yes! Ready whenever!
Rui: Okay, let's start from the top.
Rui: By the way, Tsukasa, we have everything just about nailed down, so it'll be up to you to keep everything going.
Tsukasa: So be it! I feel completely invulnerable right now!
Rui: Hehe. You sure sound ready!
Tsukasa: But I have a suggestion regarding the part when I'm on the piano...
Rui: A suggestion? Alright, let's hear it.
Miku (WxS): Thank goodness Tsukasa managed to figure out how to play Thorpe!!
KAITO: I'm just as glad. I think he's taken a major step towards making his dreams come true.
(Black cut)
