179-15 Now and Forever More

(Character: Hatsune Miku, Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len, Megurine Luka, MEIKO, KAITO)

[Between Worlds]

Miku: Phew...
Miku: (I'm so glad that idol me was able to return to her SEKAI safely.)
Miku: (Also...)
???: Miku!
Miku: Oh...
Miku: You're all here...!
Miku: Were all your other selves sent off to other SEKAI too?
KAITO: Yes, but they all managed to return home safely.
MEIKO: Hehe. It was worth going over to check up on them♪
Luka: Yes, it was. I was honestly a little worried at first...
Luka: But that me got along so quickly with everyone from a different SEKAI. She did a live performance and roped in all those around her, which was very fun to watch.
Len: Yeah. It was a little weird watching two different mes from different SEKAI talking... But it made me happy seeing them make friends.
Rin: Hehe. That's great!
MEIKO: Still, I really wasn't expecting everyone to be sent to different SEKAI...
Len: I know, right?! Not only that, all at the same time!
Luka: Normally, they wouldn't be able to visit a different SEKAI outside of their own.
Luka: The trees in each SEKAI must have something to do with all this.
KAITO: You may be right...
KAITO: Especially since everyone who was sent away was taking care of their tree at the time.
Miku: *Nod*
Miku: Many things have happened with those SEKAI.
Miku: We were able to meet everyone from those SEKAI through those fragments of feelings. And those trees were also born out of their feelings...
Miku: They began as little sprouts, but grew big with the help of everyone's feelings. Not only did they show them those strange dreams, they caused this incident to happen too.
Miku: Who knows what else could happen in the future?
Rin: Do you think they'll cause more weird things to happen?
Miku: I don't know, but...
Miku: For some reason, I don't think it'll be anything bad.
MEIKO: Hehe. After all, what happened today was very strange, but everyone seemed to have so much fun.
Luka: Yes. Whatever comes their way, I'm sure they'll be fine as long as they work together.
KAITO: *Nod* I think so too.
Miku: It's hard to say what's going to happen to their SEKAI moving forward...
Miku: But let's keep watching over them.
(White cut)
